tbh I could see Flowers being decent at G, his issues always seemed to stem from the tackle position demands rather than his literal skill set.
I’m a gigantic believer in Mixons talent, so don’t get this wrong, he’s firmly on my radar in this range still, but is anyone else worried about that Cincy OLine and the new coaching? For one, who the hell even are these coaches? So inexperienced. Zac Taylor and Brian Callahan have a combined *ONE* year coordinating an NFL offense, only *TWO* if you count Taylor’s year in the NCAA. Can these guys actually install an offense to begin with? Even the position coaches have almost no coordinating experience, the QB coach did it one year. The line definitely has potential, but it’s just all so new. Guys changing position or rookies. I wouldn’t call it a lottery ticket, because they have talent, but I can’t call it a sure thing either. There’s so much in Cincy I could see blowing up. If it was anyone but Mixon, I wouldn’t consider them in the 2nd round. But because it’s Mixon, it’s still on the table for me. Anyone have a convincing argument one way or the other here?
I get your point, but you say this like Chubb is also a guaranteed RB1. To me, I think you need to absolutely love Chubb to draft him. Because I don’t think there is any chance you get the draft capital back that you put into him if you try to trade him, and every week closer to Hunts return only shrinks his value more. Like you need to be convinced he’s still a high end RB in the fantasy playoffs because I don’t see how you’ll pull off a trade including him. Anyone that follows football will be concerned about Hunt. You’re only selling high on Chubb to a taco IMO.
I’m no way am I necessarily defending Odell here, BUT, I actually blame Coughlin/the Giants as a whole just as much as Odell for that game and the drama queen Odell became. I love Coughlin, but he shouldn’t have let that keep going on with Norman. I totally get the context of the situation, but he’s gotta draw a line somewhere. I’ll honestly never understand how the Head Coach who basically had a reputation for being tough as hell allowed that to happen. Once it got away with that, there was no coming back. He knew right then and there he was above the team.
They absolutely have a place, but we shouldn’t kid ourselves about the market of positions those degrees lead to and the pay of those positions. Some schools have too high of tuition and don’t offer enough prestige/connections for their program to make that kind of degree worth it. I get it, it’s hard to convince an 18 year old this when they’re picking their major, but it is the reality.
Exactly this. I’m sure 2 more drafts will only help, but if DJ is the guy it really won’t be completely necessary. A legitimate franchise QB and Saquon Barkley are going to put up enough points to win games. Yeah, it’s a team sport, but as long as they surround them with competence (which I know is an excuse we’ve tossed around for years), it won’t matter.
&gt; people do not get forced to study something they have 0 interest in. Most people inevitably are going to end up working a job they aren’t completely in love with. It’s about managing your tolerance for the job versus your financial desires. Am I in love with accounting? No, but I realized it has a lot of opportunities and growth and I don’t mind the work. I realized when I got to college I’ll be a happier person with financial security for myself and my family And you say this like any person can wake up and become a doctor lol (or a financially stable actor). Both of those professions require insane natural gifts and insane dedication. You’ll never need to worry about a shitty doctor who doesn’t give a fuck about their profession because you literally can’t become a doctor with that mentality. So I don’t know if Europe actually has a thriving market for gender studies majors, but even if what you said is true it doesn’t really change the demand for those majors *here*, which is the actual discussion.
Ok but that’s what the drafts are for. Anyone putting a 2 year timeline on a super bowl is utterly insane and being completely unfair to Shurmur and even Gettleman, who I literally never defend. 2 year improvement is absolutely required with the kind of investment made in Jones. Like, to me we are no different than the Rams were a few years ago. To end up where they did in year 3 of Goff would mean we should rename MetLife Stadium to Gettleman Grounds. The endgame is Super Bowls, but right now the goal should be playing a meaningful game for our own season week 17, not someone else’s. Like I get your point, but I think you kind of twisted my point or are exaggerating it.
I don’t mind being spoiled but I understand if you don’t want to anyway, but is there any decent reason for this in the movie? Like why the hell would I get my child a toy that lets them change the temperature in my house? That’s as big of a nightmare as a murderous toy to begin with.
Please don’t exile me to only having the default sub to post in lol. It’s too much of a circle jerk at this point.
If you think Eli is a bad QB how the hell can you look at his numbers as a secondary option in their passing game and say he’s mediocre?
&gt; the wealthy can afford accountants to find loopholes. This is utterly moronic. If by loophole you mean “the literal Tax Code”, then sure, but the stupidity goes much further than pretending the literal tax code is cheating the system. Your average taxpayer doesn’t need an accountant. The worlds greatest CPA wouldn’t magically save money for someone making like 10k in 99.99% of circumstances. They’re basically just reporting their W-2, because it’s all they have. There’s a reason why services like HR Block and Turbo Tax exist, most people have no need for a CPA to do their taxes.
Not OP, nor do I necessarily support his idea, but I think it obviously would be a tax bracket. So only that $1 is taxed at 25%. So the issue you’re proposing is already solved because that’s how taxes work.
How the hell is it a flat tax at this point then lmao
What? 10k was an example of someone who almost certainly has no need for a CPA preparing their taxes.
You’re tossing the term “no shit Sherlock” around very casually for someone who’s reading comprehension skills are this bad
Nope, it’s easy to understand. Your problem is what you’re talking about is basically exactly what we already have at that point lmao
So you’re proposing the exact system we already have?
See I think this is fine, but if you actually have a trophy you need to find a way to balance the leagues or something. If one league is filled with idiots and one competent player he’s going to hose them all in trades and annihilate the people in competitive leagues for the grand trophy. Like I’m very anti veto but you’re probably going to have to monitor trades closely and only allow them based on realistic values.
Sure, and those various ways to offset liability are very related to putting money towards things the government *wants* people putting their money towards (ie. Charitable donations) or things people really should be getting credit for (ie. Home mtg interest, real estate taxes). So sure, make it more simplistic, and watch as people grip their wallets tighter than ever. Also I’m an accountant, but keep kidding yourself that you aren’t looking stupid right now if you want.
A cpa who is basically talking about AMT and doesn’t even realize it?
I mean clearly you don’t I’m just pointing out that the AMT is basically exactly what you’re talking about lol. Imagine being a CPA and doing this much damage control with your edits because you didn’t know what a flat tax is lmao
I’m basically floored when people talk about this team having 10-12 win potential. We get Dallas twice, Philly twice, Minnesota, New England, and Chicago. Unless we’re predicting injuries or a divisional magic upset, are we REALLY expecting to win any of these games? Not to mention what about our defense makes us think we can stop a QB like Rodgers right now? Unless him and Lafleur simply don’t click he’s going to put up at least 30 on us. I don’t mind being optimistic, but I think 10 wins would be a freaking miracle, because that basically assumes we don’t lose any stupid games, which we certainly have proven to be capable of doing.
I think it’s Chubb and not even a debate. I don’t even care if you don’t like Chubb this year. You could trade him for a similarly ranked RB if someone else wanted him. TEs to me are harder to move, at least early on, because people on draft day tend to either accept that they’re going TE early and get their guy, or wait on TE and be content streaming or mixing/matching. Kittle is great and all, but to me it isn’t close. Chubb is basically a 2nd round pick. Unless you’re playing with a bunch of people horrified of Kareem Hunt he offers you significantly more value than Kittle.
100% true, but isn’t that the case either way here? Like I said I’m not defending his proposal.
What you’re saying is painfully misleading. First thing of all we beat Chicago so you’re doubling up on a game we already won (against a backup QB by the way). Second thing of all we didn’t lose on a last minute drive to Atlanta... they had the lead the entire game. We scored a garbage time TD down 2 scores to make it close. Third thing of all Dallas was playing multiple backups that game because it was meaningless for them, so idk how much stock we should really put in that game being close. You literally admit you don’t expect to suddenly have a shut down D this year... so what the hell is your point? You might as well say we’ll go undefeated if we’re ignoring the realities of this roster and chalking up a prediction to “this is football after all”.
I wonder if nursing homes are gonna be nuts when people our age are older. Like the current nursing generation kinda just watches TV but they didn’t grow up with PS4’s and shit. Like imagine it’s a massive nightly elderly LAN party or something?
Yeah I definitely would get if an As fan is pissed but at the same time idk how you can’t see it from his POV. It literally takes years to get paid in baseball unless you’re a total phenom. It’s a no brainer if you’ve got a coach like Kliff basically telling the whole world he’s going to take you at 1 if you let him.
Like how will grandparents not be highly ranked? Maybe games like MLB will be hard with depleted vision or shaky hands assuming we don’t fix that by then, but imagine turn based or strategy games? Kids won’t even have fun playing video games anymore.
I actually already have my DJ8 jersey as well but I think in hindsight I wish I waited cuz 17 could definitely be available by the end of the preseason
Idk I got hyped and wanted to wear it down the shore lol
&gt; Its not like playing the WW, they are going to get a healthy 8+ targets every game and minimum post likely double digit points almost every week without fail. I have no idea which of those guys you think did this last year but that simply didn’t happen lol. Every single one of those guys was a total waste of roster space last year and you were better off letting someone else waste their roster spot chasing targets and a random big game.
&gt; Edit: chris godwin is another argument for the above. He was most certainly not on a high powered offense either. lol wtf are you talking about Tampa Bay led the league in passing yards last year
I might get downvotes but I don’t see why this is an issue from a GM’s perspective. Why not test how these guys are going to react to what people, like it or not, *are* going to say to these players? There are homophobic people that watch football. There are racist people that watch football. These people *exist* whether we want to admit it or not. So as a GM, I can say “Let’s see if this guy can handle some of the things people *will* say to this player” to get an idea of if he could be an off field distraction (right or wrong) or we can just talk about nothing for an hour. Like, is hitting on a player to see their reaction wrong? Yeah, probably. So is drilling a guy with questions after he just blew a game. The point is to gauge how they handle uncomfortable situations. When you’re talking about million dollar investments I think this is fair.
To be fair though at this point in the offseason does it really matter that much? Like if they flat out just want to save money, then sure, but is $9 mil really that big of a deal if they want to field the best roster and think that includes Shady?
I think it’s the fan base and media/league shoving them down our throats with so many prime time games. I genuinely despise Philly so much more than you guys fwiw, I actually like quite a few cowboys fans in real life.
Well jokes aside apparently it was also because of Carrie passing away and JJ not having the shots to film that scene with her, thus Harrison was probably a little more open to the idea.
Not even a hot take. It’s blatantly obvious to anyone that isn’t just biased or doesn’t take Stephen A Smith too seriously. Since 2013 Dallas has had 1 season under .500. We’ve had 1 *winning* season in that same timespan. One team just needs a tweak or two to compete next year. The other basically needs an entire overhaul. Guess which team we are.
Tbf he’s been out of the game a few years now and really never even impressed much defensively in Oakland despite having an all pro in Mack. IIRC we passed on Del Rio for Bettcher. Knowing our luck that will be the worst mistake of our lives but worth noting nonetheless.
Yeah I mean it’s also possible he won’t actually be playing for the brains of the coaching staff if Jerry has his way
When did reddit become so obsessed with trading down lmao. He’s a highly touted edge rusher. What the hell are you trading down for?
“A boats a boat but a mystery box could be anything, it could even be a boat!
And that Mike Francesa would be taking his bets lol (the irony alone is gold)
I thought that the guy in the casino was gonna find and kill her in the room (since the old creepy guy said open the door for the food), and then the ticket would be ruined in blood so it couldn’t be cashed in and then they kill Howard too for losing the money.
And unfortunately that’s just a part of life too. You’ll get much farther in life taking the high road and looking for positives out of these forced encounters than you will fighting it every step of the way. One day they may even realize the error of their way and make it up to you. Obviously there should be a line, but as far as childhood encounters are concerned, your usually better off learning how to deal with it in healthy ways than lashing out.
Eh I think this whole anti running back thing is so exaggerated personally. I mean Blount had a sick season when New England won Super Bowl 51, Ray Rice was definitely close to top 5 if not literally top 5 for Baltimore. Not to mention, if we use the literal 20 year metric you established, you’d see that isn’t true at all with guys like Faulk, Lewis, and Davis winning Super Bowls at the beginning of that time period. You may not need a top 5 running back, but you need a good run game. If one guy is the answer to that, I don’t see the issue. A bunch of super bowl losers had elite running backs, but losing one game means their entire formula was wrong? Just seems like a coincidence that recently it hasn’t happened that often rather than a fact.
I don’t think any conservative in the history of conservatism has ever made fun of a medical degree lol
I think the thing with that trade was Zeitler has more standalone value, which obviously is great for us, but Vernon paired with Garrett should have a bigger impact on a defense. Vernon isn’t great at being the focal point of a pass rush, but he’s an extremely good #2. I would not be shocked if Cleveland becomes a top defense when Garrett returns and their pieces start meshing. Granted, 4 games against Pitt and Baltimore will definitely make your pass rush not look as good.
I can’t believe how hard people were defending Dorsey after he got fired. Yeah he brought in talent. But the talent he brought in was no where near good enough to justify what Cleveland went through purging their entire roster. And he basically did it by expunging all their draft and financial resources. And now the locker room is a mess on top of it and the coach he picked lasted one season. Dorsey brought talent in to KC as well, and look how much better off they are without him.
How can we not spend big, we won’t meet that 89% rule if we don’t he almost has no choice but to spend. My guess is he’s gonna front load Williams cap hit a lot. It’s too insane to make that trade and let Williams walk. I really hope he just said that stuff about the comp pick because it was the first thing that came to his mind other than the truth that is “we’re going to keep Leonard even if it means we overpay”.
Seriously, especially in the same freaking state as his last coached team. Something is a little fishy about that rumor to me.
Well if you front load Williams these next two years when we have money to spend and our core is young, to me that’s not really a bad move. He’s still only 25. If you front load him, and with a rising cap, he could be a bargain at the end of his deal as far as his cap hit goes. All things considered, he’s still a pretty good player. He just isn’t the pass rush threat you’d expect to see from such a high pick.
It's an average of the past 4 years. Which, may make someone think "Well can't they just spend more next year", but with so much cap space this year the only way they could make up for the lack of spending needed to get a comp pick is by giving out huge bonuses (since the rule wouldn't allow you to go over 100% of the cap in a single year, in case that wasn't clear). Granted, the punishment for missing the 89% rule is so pathetic it might as well not even be a rule, as it just forces you to distribute the extra money. Still it's such a bad look that if a team were to ever miss this minimum of spending, you'd seriously have to question how much the owner actually cares about winning.
Well, that's fair, but IMO a guy with Williams versatility is worth paying for, even if you have depth. I say this because I think when you have a guy like Williams you can get a little cheap with the contracts around him by getting more one dimensional guys for run stopping/pass rush situations. Like, if we were bad enough to be able to pair Williams with Chase Young, I think you can look at that, milk the rookie contracts and get relatively cheap 1 dimensional vets to fill out the line for rotational purposes. Now unfortunately that definitely isn't happening since he would have to go through Cincy Washington and Detroit, which makes me think we will spend big on another defensive lineman in free agency instead, and luckily this is a pretty deep class for that so I don't think there will be pressure to get in a bidding war. Now, does that defend trading for Williams when he clearly will not be giving us any favors as far as his price? No, so the initial trade was objectively stupid, but personally I think a guy like Williams is worth paying for so to me it's not necessarily doubling down on the stupidity. To me it's a good idea that unfortunately was devised out of stupidity.
Seriously this. The play itself really isn't that big of a deal. There is only so many directions a player can run in within the confines of the field, not to mention without breaking a rule. It's the adjustments and scheme, as well as the script that really matters. Figuring out through the flow of the game what your opponent planned on stopping/didn't plan on stopping. What they have a backup plan for and what they didn't think of beyond the initial plan. It's no coincidence that the 2nd and 4th quarter of the average NFL game each averages higher scoring than the 1st and 3rd quarters.
Counterpoint to your counterpoint: Smith really has only had 1 year producing above league average as a QB. All other years his production has pretty much been at or below league average, with most of them being below. Now, obviously Smith was never throwing like some of these current QBs, but I still think that is something to consider, especially coming off such a significant injury. By all means bringing in Smith is an excellent idea for the Bears if Trubisky is still losing games for them next year, but like u/loosehead1 said, he's much more likely to solidify the floor than get them over the hump. Lets not forget who Harbaugh stuck with in 2012 to get a similarly talented 49ers defense over the hump.
It is, but apparently he is making progress and is somewhat ahead in his progress. (I also believe he got some infections that slowed down his recovery and made it a little cloudier to predict) It sounded like the most recent expectation was Smith would be ready to play again next year if he wanted to, and it also sounds like he is a little ahead of that expectation.
Well, I wouldn’t really say any professional QB is incapable of winning it all, so I’m not saying he can’t. Rather, the odds of him doing it at this age recovering from a horrible injury like the one he suffered to me are pretty slim. Like I’m not saying the guy wouldn’t be able to win some games if his recovery went well. What we’re talking about is more about being able to beat teams like New Orleans in NO, Green Bay in GB, San Fran in SF, and you get the point. This is the “hump” that people mean. The idea of Alex Smith getting over that hump at this point (on a team with worse weapons than he had in SF or KC) is what’s a very tough sell.
Uh, it's not wrong. I said you can't go over 100% of the **cap**, not your ultimate expenditures can't go over the cap. I don't know why you assumed I wasn't separating total expenditures from the cap.
&gt; Based on this. We are nowhere close to worrying about not satisfying the 89% rule. Yes this year, but it’s a 4 year average and we already are coming off a decreased year at 95%, so if they spend little money and get a comp pick like he’s talking about they’d end up with a very low cash expenditure, meaning they’d have to spend a lot they next 2 years to make up for it, especially with bonuses. Which is what I said, which is why I don’t understand where you’re trying to go with this. It’s like you’re criticizing me for not writing a 10 page essay over my comment that was just a general comment I made on the toilet at work.
I find it hard to believe Oakland really is that hell bent on moving on from Carr. His cap hit is more than manageable for the next 3 years and by the final year will practically be a steal with the rising cap. He had a good year and didn't even get the AB help they were expecting. If anything I'd imagine we make this trade with them to give them Jeudy, which frankly at this point I genuinely wonder if we are better off taking him for ourselves.
I mean that really doesn’t change the way Harbaugh saw it in 2012 lol
Well the went farther with Kaepernick than they ever did with Smith so it ain’t that good lol
Because Reddit has an incredibly bizarre level of hate for Gase that literally no other questionable coach has ever received. The guy has a slightly below .500 record with the freaking Dolphins and Jets despite *never having his starting QB healthy for a full season* and you’d think he was spending his free time stealing candy from babies or something. I guess it’s because he’s weird and kind of cocky so he’s an easy target.
That QB also tore his acl two separate times in the 3 years Gase coaches him and was clearly not healthy the 3rd year.
I mean, if he went 0-16 his next year as a head coach he’d still be over .500, so no he really isn’t barely over .500
It’s almost like it’s an extremely good investment that they’re rightfully so protective of you need to be approved by other owners before you can even invest
To be fair the boy genius was coach of the year in 2017 and still went over .500 in the best division in the league despite having to work around an injured Cooks, a clearly regressing Gurley, and a Line that took a huge step back. Granted, contracts like Cooks are going to age horribly, but I really don’t think the Goff or Gurley contracts will age that badly, and right now they have Higbee locked up for years on a contract that looks like a total steal.
I feel like he could be petty enough to do it just to stick it to the other two New York teams that fired him
Eh, yes and no. I think he needs a ground game to open up the passing. But I also think that’s just mcvays current offense.
It literally is like an objectively bad decision to live in New York City alone. You’ll save hundreds a month living outside of it and commuting in. Unfortunately the commute is brutal, but literally everyone I know that moved to NYC only did it for a social life. I’d imagine people will just keep leaving the more working from home is popularized. It’s not California bad, but if you’re not clearing like 80k a year you really have no business living in the city unless you simply don’t plan on retiring.
My fear with Martindale is what happens if Brady has another good offensive year and gets a HC offer? Like if he’s seriously this desired as an OC someone’s gonna say fuck it and make him a head coach. It happens every year.
... that’s not even a boot licking comment It’s how they operate, sorry you don’t like it?
Eh the effort is worth thanking as far as I’m concerned As someone who’s handicapped, I’d never be able to enlist, so to me anyone who even tried to fight is worth thanking imo.
&gt; “we’ve accomplished the culture piece” I swear it’s like the guy was hired to piss off Giants fans. It’s the only explanation. We’ve gone 5-11 and 4-12, with majority of our wins coming in meaningless games against injured teams. How exactly have we accomplished the culture piece? Would Tom Brady and Belichick think we accomplished the culture piece? Literally any idiot can do what Gettleman has done so far. He brought in a bunch of desperate veterans who have no choice but to not quit on the team or else they’ll end up playing football for Vince McMahon, and he shipped out any player with enough talent to not need to tolerate this nonsense. Oh, and he literally admitted Shurmur was the one who got him to look at Jones. So now we can’t even give him credit for that and we have to pray our next coach sees in him what the guy who at least consistently coached good QB play saw in him. Lord knows all it takes is one bad year and suddenly “it wasn’t my idea” starts coming out.
I mean, people criticized Coopers catching for years and still do, Corey Coleman absolutely was ripped apart for not being able to catch in the NFL, and I wouldn’t exactly say anyone is too high on James Washington at the moment. So, yeah the Biletnikoff has definitely lost some of its allure recently.
That’s fine but you said Biletnikoff winner which is the only reason I said that lol Pretty irrelevant
... was the movie in Australia or America?
I mean to be fair how many fullbacks now a days really should even be considered for the Hall of Fame? If anything still naming a fullback all pro would just be misleading since so few teams still use one consistently.
They're also just too blinded by Minshew being a likeable guy
&gt; nobody has ever done something like that in star wars until that happened I bet you’re one of those people that thinks the force awakens is just a rip off of a new hope
If Jerry can’t even officially rule it Garrett then it means he clearly isn’t looking for the right things in a head coach which means all they’re doing is us a favor to us by hiring McCarthy away.
You know how many plays are gonna look dirty at a specific angle in Super slo mo lol
&gt; Seems like a quintessentially dishonest and immoral guy from the outside looking in - typical Patriots stock Tbf many people would say this about Belichick and I think the fan base would personally remove DMD themselves if it meant we could bring him here
A single sentence is mental gymnastics to hate on the eagles? Lol calm down
Lol what do you think Jerry is paying Zeke all that money to do? Look pretty on the sidelines?
Lmao seriously “How to become a tenured head coach in the NFL. Step 1. Play the people popular on reddit and feed them the ball. Step 2. Profit.”
Lol seriously, not even a McCarthy fan but what an insult to the guy’s playoff history.
I mean the word abuse is a loaded verb lol Is his current usage abuse? If so yeah, and if he gets hurt it’s tough luck and not much beyond that If it isn’t, then what’s the fear considering he’s probably not going to see a significant usage change
Lol come on dude. There was 18 Running Backs drafted before Aaron Jones in 2017. The Packers drafted Williams before Jones in that draft. You can’t tell me anyone, especially the Packers, saw this coming. Did McCarthy take too long to realize Jones was better? Yes, but clearly they were under the belief that Williams was the better player and the entire league took 18 running backs before him so acting like McCarthy was the only person to not see this is extreme, imo.
Seriously I love when people bring up Reich as if we botched our coaching search. No one wanted Reich. The Colts didn’t want Reich. The guy is an outstanding coach and proved the doubters wrong but rewriting history to make it sound like we are the only people that didn’t see him as a head coach is so stupid.
To be fair their offense was ran horribly in 2018 and this year they were basically a .500 team until Stafford got hurt. With Stafford and the way he was playing I’d argue that team finishes around .500 (beats Chicago once, Washington, Tampa, Denver at least imo) Not to say that’s great, but at least Patricia can say he had to start a practice squad QB for 1/3 of the year. Shurmur didn’t have his starter for what, 2 games? And his backup was Eli Manning.
Zeke has the 5th most RB points in PPR and standard and jumped to 3rd if you count week 17. Anyone calling Zeke a bust this year is probably just comparing him to Mccaffrey (which is ridiculous because then everyone is a bust) and has no idea what they’re talking .
The most like able thing to me about Rhule is he clearly doesn’t have an ego. He’s been an offensive coordinator and yet he pretty much just let his OC’s do their thing when coaching. It takes a special kind of coach to have that kind of confidence imo. Everyone here has jobs I assume. We all know that person at work who is great, delegates work appropriately and gives you a great picture of what they want so you when you deliver the final product it doesn’t get thrown back in your face. And we all know that person at work who sucks, can’t explain anything, and ends up saying “I’ll do it myself” half the time. The first co-worker is the kind of coach I want. A head coach shouldn’t have to work 90 hour weeks and sleep in the office. They have assistants for a reason. One of the best things I’ve read about Rhule is finding a coaching staff that shares the same vision. That’s why I can’t blame him for not taking the Jets up. The coaching staff needs to be on the same page, otherwise the head coach ends up having to do everyone’s job and then the head coach doesn’t have time to do his own job.
That’s fair no denying the risk there. He’s young. There’s no way he has the connections or intel to assemble a super bowl winning coaching staff this year. However, I think a cohesive coaching vision will be better for this team than just picking up the best available assistant for each job, at least based on the past few years. So I’m open to giving that a chance.
Tbf it seems kind of obvious. If they truly don’t like any of the other candidates you bring in Garrett to hopefully just be competent until a better coaching cycle emerges. Feel like we see a hire like this every now and then, if it does happen.
Bradshaw was brought in by Accorsi? Nicks, Manningham, and Cruz? JPP? What kind of mental hurdles are these lol The guy fell off a cliff but he had his moments. Why Giants fans feel the need to act like Reese deserves zero credit for 2 Super Bowls just because he ultimately screwed us over recently is beyond me.
You literally can pretend the super bowl didn’t happen and McCarthy would still have a more impressive playoff resume than Garrett.
I agree, but, OL is very deep this year and our secondary will not allow us to win football games next year barring a miracle in terms of growth. Granted, I’m talking about the guy who took a RB 2nd overall, so let me just reiterate I ultimately agree with you.
And we also fired the guy who got Gettleman to look closer at Jones, as Gettleman says himself.
Really? I feel like any non top tier sport in America is just doomed to fail. Like even minor league baseball barely exists outside of affiliated teams which are there to develop players rather than make a profit, and that has the added benefit of being played in nice weather over the summer. Are people really going to sit in the freezing cold in early February to watch Cardale Jones vs Conner Cook? These are the guys that go in when people start to leave the stadium during the preseason to beat traffic. I think the XFL needs to be way more aggressive in their talent search to have any chance of sticking. They need guys who people could genuinely debate if they belong in the NFL. Until they ditch their strict policy on criminal background (which honestly is so ridiculous imo) and their stupid payroll system people are just going to think it’s a glorified minor league. Its best case scenario is being the Arena Football League. The whole thing low key feels like it was done because they assumed people hated Kaepernick so much that they’d give them their money instead.
I guess I should’ve specified OT, I think the Giants with their pick could easily get a starting tackle at the top of the second.
Wait, what all pro lineman did either New England or Cincinnati have???
Literally neither have been named all-pro once in their career lol Can’t just say “all-pro” like it’s a general term when it’s a very specific accolade
Not a cpa (yet, fingers crossed on my last test) but he would pay NY state taxes. The income is earned in New York as that is where the mets are located. That’s what matters. I’d imagine your visitation to NY doesn’t matter either as the company is located in NY. Sometimes I’ve seen it where you can pro rate the salary based on the days spent in New York, but I don’t think that would apply here. Like, just because your company allows you to work from home (I assume) doesn’t mean you aren’t a NY employee. Now if you have a CT office and that’s the office you are employed by (which matters), then I’d question what your HR is doing.
Seriously, I genuinely liked the sequels but that’s the one thing I disliked about them. Like the ending of The Last Jedi felt like a clear symbolism of “look, anyone can be the future of the Jedi!” And then the next movie they basically were like “ehhh but you probably don’t care about that here’s MORE NOSTALGIA”
The best spin I can think of for this is Gettleman is actually getting his shit together and manipulated the media (which he clearly can do based on what we saw when Shurmur got fired) into making Carolina think they had to pay Rhule an insane contract to make him their head coach. That’s the best I can do.
He’s getting paid as much as super bowl winning coaches, and he’s never even beaten a ranked team in college. I wanted Rhule too, but let’s be reasonable and appreciate that Mara didn’t hedge the next 10 years on him. Which Carolina essentially did because by the time his contract expires the next few years are pretty much going to be the result of his time there anyway.
Nor will we be paying Judge like he's won a Super Bowl like Carolina is already doing with Rhule. But clearly after Daniel Jones the media should be the ones calling the shots for the Giants.
&gt; "Hey Shefty, I got a story for you... We are hiring Judge... we were going to do it all along, we didn't even want Rhule, he is a poopy face" I mean, I know you're exaggerating, but do you actually think this is how an NFL team carried out their biggest HC hiring in years? They can't afford to mess this one up. They have a huge off-season coming up. It's much more believable that they simply preferred Judge than to think they were all in on Rhule and just hired him to stop people from meme-ing.
I'm not denying that. Like I said, I wanted him. It's just at the end of the day, money should matter. And Rhule has an impressive college resume but to be paid like a SB winning coach immediately, to me is enough to pass on him.
&gt; I think we can't afford to have a third HC dud in a row rather than not affording an absurd demand from a first-time NFL HC. I agree, but the only thing worse than fucking up with a 3rd straight head coach would be fucking up a 3rd time while paying him and his former employer tens of millions to fuck it up.
Giants interviewed both Richard and Bienemy already, while the Panthers I am pretty sure already interviewed Perry Fewell.
Acid shouldn’t hallucinate something like that. It’s more of like shit moving and a different vibe. For the record, I was one of those people who thought words like “vibe” were just people trying to sound deep, but that’s exactly what I felt.
Lol they were basically told the price to interview Matt Rhule was 62 million dollars. I’m all about hating on the giants to turn things around but this is not something to hate on. This is something a rational team would do. Carolinas owner is about to find out for himself the risk he just made.
I think David Tepper needs to prove his football intellect before we start crowning this move as a win for Carolina. He’s paying Rhule a salary comparable to super bowl winning head coaches. He hasn’t even beaten a ranked college football team, is 1-3 in bowl games, and frankly if we’re being real only did it in the MAC and Big 12. Like, I wanted Rhule, but I can also recognize a very risky contract when I see it.
To be fair depending on where this happened and how hot she was this definitely could have happened lol
If you pay Rhule that kind of money, you’re marrying him for the duration of that contract. You can’t realize 2 years in like we did with McAdoo or Shurmur that it’s a mistake a bail, that’s the *6th highest paid coach* in the NFL. More money than Andy Reid. For Carolina to cash in on that contract, they basically need to become a perennial playoff team next year. I understand the money doesn’t really matter, but these are the kind of things we should actually be happy about. That despite everything, we didn’t get desperate enough to fork over $60 mil to a guy who has like two wins against ranked teams in college and a 1-3 bowl record. The Panthers are basically just flexing that they have the richest owner in the league right now. Let them. There’s a lot more to winning games than throwing money at the trending coach of the week.
Seeing TC bundled yet still looking like he could catch hypothermia before halftime while red in the face at a call is something I'll always cherish from my youth.
Lol this I stay as late as they make me But I really just stretch out my work and fill in the gaps by studying for the CPA Thankfully I’m a staff auditor without a senior or manager above me so no one notices lol
The partner. It is bizarre, but it’s also a small firm with relatively small clients.
I have to wonder if he really has the experience yet for that. He’s 32, and the HC we’re bringing in is 38. We need someone with experience or else I think this staff is doomed to crumble just by making rookie mistakes.
Honestly I agree. Wade made sense for the Rams because he was basically the defensive head coach and he had the experience to do it well, even if he wasn’t really elevating the talent. If you watch the games from McVays rookie year, you literally won’t even see him watching the defense. He’s sitting on the bench planning his next drive. We need more of a progressive mind to coach the defense who can adjust to play to their strengths. At this point hiring Wade would just be like forcing them to adapt to him. It’s kind of backwards for the direction we should be looking.
Rationalizing what?
Ah gotcha, I don’t have much small firm experience outside of my own tbh
I’ll play devils advocate, no. When you’re given a shit roster, it’s going to affect everything. The “right” play won’t actually get executed properly, but we won’t know that because we just see the play get blown up and assume he made a bad call. You have to try wild shit to beat superior teams. It’s pretty much twice the job of a regular coach to make a shit team look competitive. With that said, the guy didn’t help himself. His coaching staff was incompetent. People want to talk about how he should’ve let go of play calling duties. Have you seen Shula call a game before? Yeah, I’d keep a tight grip on that too if I’m trying to keep my job. My guess is Shurmurs plan to save himself was going to be firing Shula and bringing in an OC who could call a game so he can focus on his duties, but clearly our front office saw enough. And Bettcher was by all accounts a disaster which didn’t help. At the end of the day Shurmur really didn’t have a shot in hell of succeeding in either of his two head coaching stints, but in fairness his issue was he never helped himself either.
Honestly it’s stupid you’re being downvoted which is why I dislike this sub a lot sometimes. Blindly agreeing with everything the Giants do doesn’t make you a good fan or a better fan. It makes you an enabler. You’re enabling the poor decisions that led us here. You’re showing them “it’s ok to keep being bad, we’ll still be here every step of the way”. If you genuinely have zero questions or concerns about how this team is run after the past 7 seasons, I have to assume you simply haven’t cared. Because this team hasn’t earned the right to not be questioned. If the Patriots decide this offseason to trade Tom Brady to the Bengals, I’d say they have earned the right to make such a move without being questioned. The Giants haven’t earned that. Especially this current regime. In no way am I defending the people who are excessive with it, but I’m not going to sit here and act like hearing the front office was “blown away” by Judge means anything to me at this point when they’ve completely blown the last 5 years of coaching hires.
Very rarely will I defend John Mara, but I will say one thing about him. I think he's still learning. So far, his career path with the team in regards to their success is comparing very closely to how Wellington started. Both Wellington and John walked into great teams when they took over as owner. Both watched their teams go from years of playoff success to perennial bottom feeders. I think it's one of those things where they needed to see themselves fail before realizing they aren't the reason why these teams succeeded to begin with. Now, hopefully, John doesn't take as long as Wellington did to realize he needs to loosen his grip on the team, as Wellington did before him.
I’m a little indifferent on Wade. He’s pretty old and I don’t see him really elevating this unit. Like I don’t think anyone would say the Rams defense recently has been the force you’d expect considering their talent.
You really think Norv and Wade could be around for a decade? I feel like the idea of getting 10 years out of a 67 and 72 year old is pretty unlikely. I don’t care if we hire them both (although I’m not sold on Wade being a great fit for us), but I’d hope it’s with the belief that they start grooming coordinators underneath them as well. So we can find ourselves with the same problem as like KC losing their OC every few years.
... why? Property is pretty much a lock to increase in value over time. If you can afford an asset their is almost no logical reason to not own it yourself instead of renting.
Hahah I feel like literally any person is going go do that. I think even Bettcher would’ve thrown in the towel on him and tried to convince the front office to take Simmons at 4
I think both got cursed by inheriting good teams. Caused them to think their way is right and they just don't have the people around them to make it work.
But even Halas called it quits at the age Phillips is now
To be fair, OP may have been going off the initial projection of him to go top 5, which many people had him going. The popular opinion now is that he’s not even close to that, but it was his projection for a decent amount of time.
I think he was just checking to make sure they’d be on the same page before challenging lol That’s actually a very impressive thing for him to think of in the moment imo
People talked about him being a potential top 5 pick pretty much all the way up until this year
Yes, but you’re implying he’s receiving a bill from himself and having the government pay for it, when the reality is there probably isn’t a bill to begin with since he owns it. Like sure, theoretically it is possible for him to do this, but it isn’t exactly the most efficient way to profit on being president, imo.
Shouldn't you be in Hawaii? The tournament starts in 3 hours.
You have to imagine they just like didn’t believe in the internet catching on or something right? (Which is hard to type with a straight face) How else can they explain not transitioning to it? It practically comes across as a breach of their fiduciary duty looking back on it lol
I figure Kalil is probably a lateral move as far as performance but would at least be healthier than Halapio
Eh, that’s debatable to me. Mike Tomlin was a coordinator one season before being named Pittsburgh’s head coach (although I’m sure someone would just counter and say that doesn’t count because Rooney is the one who hired him). So beyond that, Lynn only coordinated one year, Flores literally never held a title above a position coach, Vance Joseph coordinated one year, and frankly those are just guys off the top of my head. I feel like this thing is getting overblown because of Bienemy when I think at the end of the day we know exactly why Bienemy doesn’t have a HC job yet, he’s a running back guy. You’re not going to trust the development of a young QB to a career running back/ running back coach. He’s going to answer questions the same way Rivera just did when asked about Haskins, which was basically “I’m not sure but I can tell you how to tackle.” Unless Andy Reid comes out and says Bienemy was instrumental in the development of Mahomes, which I’ve never seen anyone even say he was really a part of (probably because it likely didn’t happen since he coached Running Backs Mahomes rookie year), its just not going to be an appealing hire to most teams. Maybe a team with an established QB, like when the Chargers brought in Lynn, but I think that’s it. FWIW, I think the tide of black coaches is going to shift very soon. Guys like Byron Leftwhich, Jerod Mayo, and George Edwards strike me as guys with their day coming soon. That of course not even including a guy like Bienemy, who will be a head coach, it’s just a matter of finding a fit in a situation where QB development isn’t the top priority. And yes, I know Judge will not be developing Jones, but he won’t be coordinating the offense either, so there’s a difference. One guy you expect to bring a running philosophy, as that’s his background.
The Rooney rule isn’t racist. The problem is if the minority candidate isn’t hired people automatically point to racism as the reason why.
Conventionally speaking, I’d agree, but obviously we didn’t and Baltimore didn’t either (granted they wanted Garrett over Harbaugh). And, not for nothing, but what options really were there that would make sense for us? No ones hiring Kris Richard to be a head coach yet he’s young and has promise but he has not been very impressive since the legion of boom disbanded. Bienemy could be a good coach, but I don’t think a running back guy is the best idea to trust the development of Jones to. If Jameis wasn’t a turnover machine I bet Leftwhich would’ve got serious consideration. At the end of the day, I think we could have seen this coming to a degree. The Giants weren’t going to fall for the “guru” spiel a third year in a row because they weren’t looking for a guru. Being the best coordinator didn’t matter for this job because they’re not asking them to be a coordinator here. Hell, if they wanted a coordinator I bet they would’ve just kept Shurmur because for all the heat he earned and took this year, at the end of the day the offense wasn’t that bad and Jones made progress. It’s just that the job changed. They’re asking the head coach to run the team the same way a guy like Carroll or Tomlin do.
Agreed, honestly it’s almost like the Rooney rule would be better implemented at the lower levels. The issue isn’t a minority candidate when they get to the level of being considered. The issue is more of they really aren’t getting to the level to be seriously considered.
I think this is pretty much the obvious answer on Kravy. The only reason the KHL would care about him is if he’s playing like a star. They have no reason to sit there and work through his struggles with him because it’s literally just free labor for a Rangers asset. So, for a KHL team, the only answer when a guy like him is playing bad is send him to the VHL and tell them to get their shit together. We’ll call you. Gorton recognized this and brought him over here so he’d have a safety net.
I want you to look back on this post in 5 years so you can remember the winter break you had that you decided to waste reviewing concepts you really had no need to actually review.
I feel like trading down might be a bit of a fantasy, tbh. Right off the bat Detroit has significantly better leverage to trade down than we do. So if it happens it’s probably happening with them, not us. And beyond that, while there is quite a few good QBs in this draft, how many teams really need one that badly? Cincy is taking a QB at one barring something crazy, so that’s one immediately off the bat. From there you have Miami at 5 and LAC at 6. Beyond that, who’s desperate enough to sell the farm for a QB? I think it’s going to play out as either Miami or LAC falls in love with a QB and trades with Detroit for 3 to make sure they get the one they love. Frankly I could both Miami and LAC not even taking a QB and trying to get the pieces they need to build their team first/trying to get back to the playoffs with Rivers, but that’s just me and I know it’s an unpopular opinion.
I think Shurmur had a vision. The vision was “I’ll help pick and develop your next QB, and here’s my track record to show I won’t mess it up.” The vision was “I’ll help get your offense back on track after a year averaging 15 points per game.” Shurmur is an offensive mind. He’ll come in and improve the offense. He did that. He’s just not a good head coach because it’s too much to ask him to be the OC and HC. Some guys can pull it off. Some can’t. I think moving on from Shurmur to more of a leader is just a natural progression of the growth of this team, imo.
"Please do not kill us" LOL as if Iran could just casually mop the floor with us in a war.
&gt;That didn’t happen because they didn’t want to do enough damage to provoke an American military response which conflicts with Trump’s story of them planning to attack an embassy. Yeah or maybe they realized going to war is a bad idea for them and just wanted to put on a show for their brainwashed people that to make it look like they fought back and the US was too weak and pathetic to return fire.
&gt; Miami, Chargers and Panthers could all be in for a QB The odds of all 3 doing that are slim, IMO. I know it was only a third round pick but I don't think Miami would give up on Rosen so quickly when they have a perfectly fine QB in Fitzpatrick to pair with him, a guy they just named team MVP. And maybe Carolina or LAC moves on from their starter, but both? Especially just because of one year? I find it hard to see personally. Will at least one of those teams take a QB high? Yes, someone will have a price on Tua they are willing to pay, I have zero doubts on that. Will all 3 be in on a QB *this year*? It just sounds too good to be true, imo. Every year we hear about how this QB is done or that QB will be replaced, and every year it ends up being like a fraction of the predicted guys. Edit: And I think part of it might just be urgency. They could use a QB, but do they *love* the QB enough to trade up for them? Gettleman claims he was "full blown" for Jones and he didn't budge for him at 6. And there was more teams legitimately looking for a QB last year than this year, imo.
Yeah but I don’t think that necessarily means they’re going to force it if they don’t think it’s a need though. We’ve seen day 1 QBs fall before.
I know Rivers is 38. But this was also his first genuinely bad year in years. LA isn’t a bad team, they just got banged up. I’m not denying the possibility of them drafting their next QB, I’m just saying to me I could see them making one last playoff push with him. As for Rhule and Newton, yeah it’s possible, but again, we say this every year. People said Cincy would draft Dalton’s replacement last year. People said Oakland would draft Carr’s replacement last year. They said Denver would go QB first round. I remember people saying Green Bay would draft Rodgers replacement. We of all people should know new regime doesn’t immediately mean new QB. Every time a new head coach comes in we assume the current QB is blood in the water, but it just isn’t actually that common. A lot of the time the vision they sell these GM’s and owners on is “no, you didn’t completely screw up your roster, that old coach was just a moron.”
Yeah but to be fair you can say that exactly about Judge too
Tbh, I messed that up. I confused 2016 and 2017. 2017 we averaged 15 PPG, which is what I was thinking of. 2016 we averaged 19 PPG, but frankly I bet at least 1 or 2 of that was strictly from the defense. Not a big difference, just wanted to be real about me messing up lol
My only beef with Okudah is if we take him, what’re we saying about the past two years of drafting like you said? Like I assume if we take Okudah it means we’re gonna pull a Jets and immediately replace the GM after the draft.
Honestly, I can live with Juedy if they cut Tate (which won’t happen I know). The Odell trade is what it is. I think he’ll be a stud again if they get some brains in Cleveland. If they take Jeudy I think they’ll get away with it because of how badly Odell did and just the headache it was with him in the media.
I mean this is just misleading though. Baltimore has a QB that runs a 4.3 40. Of course they run a lot. If you don’t include Lamar their rushing numbers aren’t special or an outlier. If Daniel Jones had Lamar’s rushing ability this would be a fair point but as is it’s just unrealistic to try to get Baltimore’s run game. And Tennessee wasn’t doing anything until Tannehill stepped in and led the league in passer rating. If anything Tennessee goes against Gettlemans point because despite all the talent on their roster they couldn’t win without a top passing attack.
&gt; Lots of people have predicted in the past that as teams mold their teams into pure pass stopping defenses (small, fast coverage defenders), that run first offenses might start to dominate again. Unless these people are predicting the NFL outlaws tackling and becomes a flag league this simply isn’t going to happen. The reason it’s became a passing league is because the NFL trying to lower concussions and is changing the rules to help prevent it. As a result, defenders tend to be at the will of a receiver on passing plays. Which is why passing is so important, it’s not just about the yards but the flags you’ll get too. Running has rightfully been reduced to a change of pace play or clock management tactic in the NFL. And this isn’t to say elite running backs aren’t worth it, but rather they need a dual skill set to be worth it.
Did you not read the comment I replied to or something?
“That’s what I love about these ice girls, I keep getting older and they stay the same age.” - Patrick Wooderson Laine
Lmao yeah all that time and effort running the league even though you couldn’t be bothered to do one of the two things required to run a fantasy league. This is one of the most delusional things I’ve ever read.
It’s clearly required if the outcome to someone not paying is “tough luck winner” lmao
No I wouldn’t what I would do (granted like 3 months earlier) is ask the commish why on earth he thought not collecting the money upfront was a good idea, probably call him a couple choice names for having no issues with *me* being the one screwed over instead, then never even considering playing in a league run by him again.
Probably the Jaguars since they’re currently on the hook for us massive contract
Yes a single game sample size means Lamar has been figured out lol
Between the draft and free agency the center class is pretty bad. I think the best option is like Stefan Wisnieski and frankly I don’t even think he’ll be worth the money he’s going to get considering how bad the class is.
Not that it's that big of a deal, and I still like the guy, but for a guy who loved talking about preparation and all that jazz, getting off at the wrong train stop for the biggest interview of your life doesn't exactly scream "prepared" to me.
There is so much more context needed to understand the trading of your company that the details you mentioned
There’s absolutely ways to explain it lol There are internal and external factors. Everything is priced in. Just because a company meets their EPS or something doesn’t mean the business itself or sector has a bright outlook. I agree to not go crazy with individual stocks, but there’s absolutely value to them. I’ve made most of my investment money on individual stocks tbh, but I admit it was a degree of luck as I didn’t expect it to be as successful as it was.
Yeah just thought it was kind of funny is all. Not actually holding it against the guy or anything
100% agreed on DeNiro no doubt but Sandler is kind of like the total opposite of that lol Sandler is like if Dalton leads the Bengals to a 1 seed in the playoffs next year and doesn’t even make the pro bowl. (Which I guess is possible if they ran a lot but you get the point).
I don’t think this is true at all tbh They gave the MVP to Matt Ryan recently who was like above average up until that point. They’ve given it to Rich Gannon who was a backup most of his career. And I don’t think the academy is the same as NFL mvp voting so idk why were taking the comparison to such an extreme lol
I’m not literally comparing Dalton to Ryan I’m just saying at the time they were viewed similarly in that they were just like average or above average. They then took massively different career paths. And again, this is kind of looking into my comment way too closely.
Well hang on. At face value this sounds bad but you’re leaving important info out. He didn’t take any train, he took an Amtrak. And I’d assume he was sitting first class, but I guess who knows. He’s obviously too close for a personal flight, and a limo would be a pretty inefficient way to get him here. If he was taking NJ Transit I’d say “yeah we all root for a team run by a pair of idiots” but first class Amtrak seats are pretty nice. If it was me I’d actually prefer that. To think I could’ve been at Newark Penn at the same time as Joe Judge if he got off at the right stop lol. Granted I’d be full of shit if I pretended like I would’ve recognized him before he was hired.
God I hope they don’t keep Shula. How do you coordinate offenses that have been top 15 one time and stay in the league this long? I feel like having a slightly over .500 record at Alabama should be the biggest giveaway that he’s not a very good coach.
I thought I read the other day with the CBA ending there wasn’t much to gain from cutting Tate? Did I read it wrong?
I doubt it I think he’s going to look at Williams as the kind of versatile player he wants. Which to be fair, he is versatile, he’s just not that good to be paid like a star. If they front load him then I guess it won’t be that big of a deal tho.
I’m not saying this is wrong, but, I have a gut feeling the Giants still believe in Solder. I don’t think they think Tackle is the issue it may or may not actually be. Solder is dealing with some personal issues that I think the Giants may chalk up to his poor play this year. I’ve also seen people say Solder was bad in 2018 too which I don’t agree with at all.
I simply can’t imagine any team, even one who clearly could care less about NFL trends like the Giants, spending the 4th overall pick on a guy they plan on using at RT, even if only for a year (which it wouldn’t be based on Solder’s contract). So it comes down to if we think the Giants will move Solder to RT. Personally, I don’t think it’s out of the question. My only question with that would be, why are they keeping Gettleman if another one of his free agent signings, this one being a massive signing flamed out in 1-2 years? Like maybe they just want to look stable or something idk, but it’s hard to imagine imo. I have a gut feeling they think Solder is their LT for at least the next two years.
I don’t doubt that he’s a great guy I’m just speaking from the front office perspective.
I genuinely think they should do this to show they’re all walk no talk. Truly show the fans you want to go back to your roots. Again, no way in hell it happens (especially because it probably would have been announced already) but I too like dreaming.
Eh I feel like that’s different though The Rock is basically just the rock in those movies. So from a PR standpoint they probably think him losing a fight would hurt his public image. I don’t think WB would sign him for a superhero property, much less a antihero property, under the premise that he can’t lose a fight. It’s too limiting for a story. In FF it’s not a big deal because the movie isn’t really about fighting at all.
I’ll be honest, I was all about him before the game but idk after watching I got a little bit of a Aaron Curry vibe for the same reasons you stated.
It does, but coaching is going to properly prepare you for the matchups and schemes you’re going to expect. Solder is a solid player. He was never an elite player. An elite tackle might get by on natural talent alone with bad coaching. A solid player won’t.
I’m sure the blank check Tepper handed him was very persuasive lol
I don’t think there’s any way Washington trades back. They just brought in two big name defensive minds in Rivera and Del Rio. Those two are probably salivating over Young and already have his name written in permanent ink on the draft card.
They corrected the world building the Snyder Cut would have given people by keeping the story as contained as possible. It’s clear they didn’t have faith in Snyder after BvS and wanted to damage control Justice League. Literally no one is saying they made a good or better movie.
They contained the story by mostly only keeping characters and plot points necessary to the current plot. Tbh I was surprised they even kept the post credits scene with how much they cut from Snyder’s version
&gt; It's just odd because they could have done that with Snyder's. There was always going to be solo movies, so that's just odd imo. As it was just as contained. Zacks movie was not even close to as contained. It had a Martian manhunter reveal that was like minor compared to other things. I’m pretty sure the post credits was Zacks scene but I don’t have a source right now, just hoping memory serves right.
Yeah I actually think this would be a pretty funny joke if there was just more effort put in
I honestly think that's the funniest part of that sub. They act like it's proof of how big their movement is in America and how realistic the far left is of becoming a political norm here, but when you go through the comments half of the people are from Canada or Europe lol.
&gt;You forgot all the holes in this roster that money could be better spent on. LT, C, RT, a #1 WR, a #1 CB, a slot CB, 3 real linebackers, 2 pass rushing DEs, FS, oh and depth everywhere I don't think you are being honest with yourself with how free agency works though. The cap is only going up, and thus player contracts are only going up. The $14 mil of that transition tag would realistically only get 1 sure thing starter in free agency, and it wouldn't even be an elite one. Not to mention, you need to ax some of those holes. Solder will be starting at one of the two tackle positions. They are not spending more money on a WR when they have Shep, Tate, and Slayton, as well as Engram. They are not bringing in 2 Corners to start considering how much they recently invested in the secondary already, it will probably be 1 starter and a depth guy. And I doubt they bring in 3 starting caliber linebackers.
This is the thing I really hope a lot of people can start to understand. There’s a lot more to running multiple schemes than just saying you’re going to run them. It’s not like madden where you go to settings and switch the scheme and it’s done. It’s a philosophical mindset for the team. A lot of guys, and especially top guys, don’t mesh well with a multiple scheme. Think about New England. Obviously their team has been a dynasty, but look at the roster. How many *star* players have they had? Especially on defense. That’s the kind of sacrifice a multiple scheme makes. It’s more about getting a bunch of guys capable of doing multiple things than it is about finding top talent. It’s one of the reasons I’m actually fine with extending Williams as long as it’s not like insane salary, even if it’s an overpay. Even if he’s not elite he is very versatile on the line. He’s exactly the kind of guy you’ll need at each level to run a good multiple scheme defense.
*looks over the roster* “Su... surely you just have them all listed as hahg malleys on anotha page, right?”
Did Hinch actually not know? I figure all things considered that’s hard to believe but I haven’t followed this close enough to not ask
And don’t forget, it wasn’t like they went from average or above average offensive lines to the ones we see today. They went from “so bad they directly led to Romo’s playing career ending, similar to what happened with Luck” to their current offensive lines.
&gt; It wasn’t right but how can you say other teams aren’t doing this on the level of the Red Sox. haha no offense but did you reply to the right comment? Because I literally didn't even like hint at anything you brought up in your comment
But it was the wear and tear he got from years of bad OL play before that made him so broken down and susceptible to injury towards the end which I am talking about. You can't just take his last 3 years and ignore the first 8 lol. Even the clavicle you're talking about he first hurt in 2010. My whole point was to emphasize the point u/Fillinlater12345 made by pointing out that it's not even like they had average lines when they made the divisional round like he cited. I guess I should have clarified I didn't mean he never played with a good line, but rather by the time they got their line to be as good as it was it was basically already too late for Romo and he was a ticking time bomb.
&gt;Now, some say why wouldn't Miami trade with the Lions? Well, they might, but even if they do then there still are at least two teams that will want a quarterback pretty desperately and need to make sure they get their guy, so will be trade candidates. To be honest this is why I don't think we trade down, I don't even think it will be a realistic option unless we get ripped off. Anyone trading up is going to talk to Detroit. Period. I'm sure they'll do their due diligence as professionals in this business but Detroit is the team they will talk to when they get serious. And beyond that, I don't think the QB market is as desperate as people like to claim it is every year. Unless a surprise retirement happens or Washington decides Haskins isn't good and pulls an Arizona, I only see Cincy and Miami as legitimate players for a top QB. Cincy is taking Burrow, and Miami, which I don't even think is a lock considering all their current and future picks as well as Fitzpatrick playing well and having Rosen, frankly might not even have to worry about someone taking Tua since he won't even be able to do anything for a team leading up to the draft. Like could LA move on from Rivers? Maybe. Was he bad? Absolutely, but I think it's going to take a second year of bad for them to kick a franchise QB to the curb so quickly. Could Gruden replace Carr? Maybe, but people say that every year and if anything Carr played pretty well this year all things considered. Could Indy look to upgrade on Jacoby? Maybe, but is he bad enough to force them to sell the farm to trade up for like Justin Herbert? (As I assume if any trade happens the first trade will be with Detroit to secure Tua, so I just am using our perspective). I know a lot of things in football is "when there's smoke there is fire", but I don't really buy it for QB's anymore. There tends to be a lot of smoke with that position and very few fires, especially on draft day when everyone loves to mock QBs.
What good would dancing around what we already know both have said do? If either wanted to clarify or take some pressure off the other person they would have. I understand how someone could argue the uneducated voter may think CNN is saying Bernie is lying by this, but I think a good chunk of this audience understood the context. If time wasn't so valuable in these debates I'd think there would be more grounds to attack CNN, but as is it just seems like them giving each a chance to admit they are actually in the wrong, while not wasting other candidates or the viewers time if neither wants.
If he isn’t lasting until pick 5 than I don’t see how trading for 4 solves anything when 3 will be just as available as 4 in a trade, which is basically my point.
I understand where you’re coming from, but I think his year was too questionable and it sounds like his interview won’t be a slam dunk so I don’t think it’s a sure thing. Especially when assessing the lack of QB need right now. For someone to take Herbert at 5 someone would have to love him and I don’t think that’s going to happen.
While not OP, I think his point was more of “how can we really be sure they weren’t cheating with their pitching too and we just didn’t catch it yet?”
Tbh in my experience it looks like the overwhelming majority is in favor of Garrett as OC and the only people against it really don’t actually know why other than Dallas bad, clapping bad.
There must be a catch to this because I have no idea how Fromm is his 28th overall prospect. This is the same guy who couldn’t comprehend a team liking Jones though so I guess at this point who cares what he thinks.
I can’t imagine them getting even a late first at this point. With his injury history and expiring contract that’s way too much risk. I think it’ll be like a day 2 pick tops.
Garrett has coordinated or coached 4 top 5 offenses and perennially has them at least in the top 15 of offenses and some people here will act like the guy has zero redeeming qualities. Not to mention over the last 3 years Dallas is 6-0 and averaging 29.5 points a game against us. But nah, clearly we have nothing to learn from him.
Yeah that’s sounds fair. Just judging by the market using some recent trades (Flacco, Tyrod Taylor, Alex Smith, Bridgewater) I’d say a 3rd is the absolute minimum they’d get and that would probably be out of desperation to dump him. If they get a market going I could see him going for a high second or mid to late 2nd with a day 3 pick as well. I’m interested to see who does it though, as he comes with a bigger price tag than some of those guys, and he’s coming with the injury already, whereas a guy like Smith got it after the trade.
No I completely agree. Last year watching us of all teams do it was the moment of clarity for me. I’d say last year I was exactly who you’re talking about. Like, I genuinely do not understand having Fromm and Eason so high but acting like the world was ending with Jones at 6. Honestly my gut feeling is it’s almost like he’s covering his ass in case someone takes either of them high he can say “I’m not quite as high as they are on him but I see the potential” versus the whole “he’s a third round pick” song and dance all summer.
Not to necessarily defend him, but they also got there which is a lot more than we can say lol
I don’t even get why anyone cares about the road hitting. All it shows is that they’re idiots for even thinking they needed it in the first place.
Those people would be idiots lol
Hopefully this is a formality or something because I don’t think he’s particularly good and just rode hall of fame caliber players, especially at WR which we don’t have.
Downvotes for an incredibly well written critique of Gettleman lol As if the guy doesn’t have 9 wins as a GM over the past two years and deserves the benefit of the doubt with zero questions (which apparently we can only ask him once a year now). How anyone thinks the Odell situation wasn’t botched is beyond me. Was he on thin ice or not? Yeah the little Wayne interview wasn’t ideal but if that was all it took why even risk signing him? And I still don’t really understand the Tate signing. Plenty of teams have young wide receiver cores. That’s why they have coaches. It was like a knee jerk move so people didn’t (rightfully) panic about the upcoming year and people might start calling his bluff that rebuilding while winning at the same time isn’t really that likely.
I also think he deserves more credit than he got in hindsight. His methodology was *highly questionable* but his thought process was usually sound.
... why would it matter? That’s not the question they were asked lol
So you think 17% of African Americans polled not thinking trump is racist means *they didn’t understand the question*. Sure you don’t want to delete this?
God this is such a good post. My only personal touch would be, I don’t think *either* are war criminals. I think they have the toughest job in the world in need to act on limited info to do the best thing for our country. And a lot of that info is going to be classified. So we’re never going to full understand their actions. So is it wrong to see Trump or Obama do something and think “What the hell? That’s bad!”? No. That’s perfectly justified and something we should think and question so our government doesn’t get out of hand. But at the same time I know that I don’t know as much as they do and there’s more that went into the decision that whatever reddit knows.
Just to be clear, I’m not the one who mentioned Hilary. I understand why you’re saying this though so I just want to establish, I’m not the person you were replying to and agree she isn’t relevant.
Saying that he said it’s Sean Taylor’s fault without any of the reasons why is such an intentional misrepresentation of his point. The point was the guy was in trouble and around trouble for the majority of his life. There wasn’t a ton of clarity at first. He jumped to a wrong assumption, yes, but his job is also to give his opinion on things. Would I have liked a stronger apology? Sure. But I get why people in his line of work tend to be reserved about doing that.
Why does it matter what I think. I wasn't polled. I'm not in that 17%. The question was why does an African American not thinking Trump is racist mean they must not have understood the question? Why can't they just be wrong? Why can't they be misinformed? Why can't they have a different opinion? How is it reasonable or tolerant to think 17% of a demographic did not understand the simple question of "Is Trump racist?"
Again, just consider what we are talking about here. We're talking about a radio talk show. Not a news channel, an opinionated talk show. He's paid to present facts to people (Sean Taylor is dead, he had a sketchy past) and give his opinion on the facts. His opinion on the situation was, the guy had a bad history, it's possible it caught up to him. To say he said Taylor *deserved* it is just flat out wrong. He said Sean Taylor may have apologized for his past, but that doesn't mean everyone accepted the apology. That doesn't mean he's saying the murderer is justified. If anything he's saying the opposite, in that Sean tried to be a better man but his past wouldn't let him, which is a real thing that people who grow up in bad areas deal with. Again, I think he should have better apologized for how he presented everything, but I understand why people in his line of work are not quick to do that. As once they apologize for one thing, they have to apologize for everything.
Your co-worker is going to be a very wealthy person if they start documenting this and getting proof lol
There’s also the fact that everyone here loves to ignore that he tore his ACL twice and was no where near 100% last year, so they kind of were justified to move on from him.
I swear Gase must have burned down an orphanage and my internet was down that day. His worst season as a head coach was going 6-10, when Tannehill didn’t play a snap all season, and he had to roll with a half retired Jay Cutler (who they weren’t even that bad with going 6-8). You would think he’s the most unjustified head coaching candidate in the world because of Reddit. Like I get it, he’s cocky. But, you know, most coaches are a least a little cocky considering their career revolves around selling their services to teams.
And not for nothing, but having one of the top free agents sign with the team then change his mind (granted he didn’t have a great year anyway according to PFF) isn’t going to help. I feel for Jets fans. The Gase hate here is so over blown. I genuinely hope he works out for you guys and Darnold.
&gt; Who would trade for a WR that is a ticking time bomb that could possibly walk at then end of the season cause hes not already locked up in a contract And you think a “ticking tomb” has more value in a guaranteed long term deal that could destroy their cap if he goes off the deep end?
I have no idea how you reached this conclusion but it’s really wrong lol
... ok so you agree extending him first limited his trade options lol
Eh I think people need to chill on the line. I’m not saying totally ignore it this offseason, but it wasn’t nearly bad enough to blame for a losing season. The defense was. I understand that we aren’t going to the Super Bowl next year, but we can’t afford a third straight 5 or less win season. To fix that, we have to look at the defense, and at this point, we can’t even be picky. It’s who is the best player available, period. That right now appears to be Simmons. Even Thomas is falling down on draft boards towards being a top 10 pick vs top 5. There is a ton of RT options this draft and free agency. Using a 4th overall pick on one is bad asset management.
I genuinely think he should be cut this offseason but I’m sure it would happen because they know Shep and Engram are injury liabilities. Literally only signed the guy as damage control for the Odell trade, no doubt in my mind.
I think this is a licensing thing though. While EA had the rights to the teams in individual titles, they can’t just use their likeness in any game they feel like. ESPN is different though because the ESPN company has the rights to use their likeness as they please.
Honestly, I liked 2K for that and felt they had a better Franchise mode back on like PS2/Xbox, but I vividly remember thinking EA had a better hockey game overall growing up. They did have older jerseys back in the day, and all that jazz. They’re just too busy trying to save every penny they can now to keep doing it. Definitely not defending them or anything, but we know why 2k and EA aren’t making hockey games like they used to anymore, there’s no money in it. It was cheaper to develop back then. It wasn’t as intense of work. Next gen was a blessing and a curse with how quickly it came. It brought amazing graphics and engines, but the cost to work on actually getting the graphics to that level and the gameplay to use the engine well is very high. 2k has no reason to make an NHL game again. And if they did, it would be just as micro transaction tailored as NBA 2k is, which is much more than EA does right now. And let’s not forget, there’s a reason 2k stopped making sports games other than NBA. They were awful. They got cheaper than EA ever was with them. MLB 2k was a train wreck for years on the previous gen. NHL 2k was pathetic on the previous gen. 2k is ruining the WWE games at this point which were always great before they got involved. I definitely would like to see EA get competition, but I think they get too much hate. I’m much happier they won the NHL war over 2K because NHL 2k was genuinely terrible it’s last few years.
Exactly he came in like, what, week 1 of the preseason? 6-10 is practically a miracle considering the team they strut out there lol
Are they recent boards? There’s legitimate talk that Simmons could jump Young right now. Every board I’ve seen had Thomas trending down recently. He wasn’t even the top tackle on a few.
I don’t think there’s any logic to what you’re saying because we got like slightly more for Odell than the Patriots did for Brandin Cooks, who frankly by all accounts is not even near the kind of player Odell is. Do you honestly think a receiver like Julio, Hopkins, or Thomas would go for only a 1st, 3rd and a decent safety? Because at the time that’s the kind of talent we were perceived to have given up.
I think history is going to look back and say people were unfair to Garrett. The playoffs are tricky. At the end of the day the guy won a lot of games, and it wouldn’t shock me one bit if he got another head coaching gig if we string together a few playoff years in a row (ok this part would shock me though).
Seriously have to disagree on 2. The NFL isn’t Reddit. This is the same guy who Baltimore wanted over Harbaugh. Teams will have no problem turning a blind eye to Dallas if we string together a few good years, especially on offense.
... ok so if teams know this why would they trade for a ticking time bomb on a long term contract with guaranteed money in the first place? And the last two Super Bowls involved a team trading a first round pick for a WR lol but I guess the Patriots and Rams have no football logic
Honestly, I’m seeing very mixed opinions on the recent boards which is why I’m asking. Like, sure pretty much all have both top 10, but from what I see it’s like 50/50 on whose better, but to me Simmons has also been trending up whereas Thomas has kind of been trending down. Remember, Thomas was considered as good of a prospect as Chase Young going into the year. It’s not seeming like many still regard him that high, not to say he isn’t still a top 10 pick.
I mean we can call a spade a spade lol Dallas was not a decent offensive team. Dallas was a *perennial* top 10 offense for the past 10+ years, with the exception of one year when Romo was hurt and they were playing guys like Kitna, Weeden, and Kellen Moore. They were a top 5 offense more often than they were outside of the top 10 under Garrett.
Lol seriously the final blow must have been them spending even 5 minutes actually developing that zamboni mini game. Like, you have a barely functioning hockey game as it is and your spending time making a zamboni mini game (which it’s barely even a game it’s literally just tedious lol). Some people just like being a contrarian though
Just to scoff at anyone who plays EA NHL so they can say they don’t know what they’re missing. I genuinely have no idea how someone could be playing 2K 10 still lol. Honestly like the old EA games I at least get (I know one of the 2000 NHL games has a very active community on PC) because they were genuinely good games and just have outdated graphics and animations.
&gt; I’m fully expecting Lamar to have a good to great season next year, not mvp caliber, but not the reason for any of the ravens issues that could pop up. Honestly with the young core and not needing to sign anyone for a year or two, I don’t see the Ravens not taking the division in a decisive fashion. Not to be that guy, but this isn’t exactly bold lol Everyone is expecting some Lamar regression but for the Ravens to still finish 1st
7 days... why? Who is going to drive the kids to school on Saturday and Sunday? Are the parents just going to wait in the car or do they get free food too? The kind of funding a program for free food like this would need would end more jobs than it creates.
Sorry for the downvotes, I agree. I don’t blame them from a theoretical standpoint for trying, they had their heads in the right place, I just remember it being gross too. I took ADHD medicine throughout high school, and my freshman and sophomore year I could at least like eat lunch still on it. My junior and senior year, after this was implemented, I literally would have like a few bites to get me through the afternoon, because that’s all I could stomach without the medicine making me wanting to puke the food up, and then I’d race home, inhale as much food in my refrigerator as I could, then race back to school before my baseball or hockey practice started. It’s so stupid how in this sub you can’t even say “yeah the food wasn’t that good” without the hive mind translating it as “I hate everything about Obama and am voting for Trump in 2020”. Although I’ve kind of come to the conclusion that a lot of this sub is just bots.
I don’t think anyone is necessarily bitching that they were forced to eat it. It’s just that for some the school lunch was the only or most convenient option (my parents didn’t have time to make me lunches and always just gave me money or did the school program). Honestly it’s not even a big deal. Like I genuinely didn’t like it but I survived it’s not like this is life or death lol. It’s just honestly I and many others hear just think it’s worth pointing out that the lunches were kind of bad lol
I’m sorry I honestly do respect your ambition as you clearly want good things for other people but you need someone to tell you what you’re saying is simply not even close to realistic. A recent report showed that 10% of kids walk to school now a days. A lot of people aren’t comfortable with their child doing it and even more simply do not even live close enough for it to be realistic. So for your plan to work right off the bat you need to pay bus drivers an extra 2 days a week and/or convince parents to drive their kids to school an extra 2 days. But let’s pretend that they can all walk just since that’s even that big of a deal, how many kids do you seriously think are going to want to go to school for *weekend classes*?? How many parents are going to be ok with literally not having any time a week to spend time with their children? And what kind of salary can the weekend staff even expect? Working 2 days a week for a school year? Teachers barely make anything now, this staff would be lucky to make 20k a year. Like, there are smarter ways to fund feeding children lol. All this would do is make kids miserable, bring in unqualified staff (because no qualified person would take a weekend teaching job since they’d be guaranteed to need a full time job during the week to survive), and cost a lot more money than the value it provides.
Honestly though, think about what you’re saying. 4 days a week for the regular staff, 3 days for the weekend. 7 days of bus drivers. You’re basically asking current teachers to lower their hours, which is going to mean less pay which is already a problem for them, and you’re adding an entire second staff and adding 2 more days for bus drivers. Not to mention the extra 2 days of utilities and supplies, food, etc. This is easily doubling the schools budget, while lowering the already low pay of teachers everywhere. It’s like no one wins. And I understand some parents work weekends. *Many* do not though. And while I’m not saying some kids wouldn’t need this, my fear is this would make the kids who need this hate school. Like, I’m sure you remember being a kid, even in the “fun classes” I would’ve rather not been in class. Kids deserve days off. And frankly, speaking from experience, when you get to a certain age some kids need to work on weekends.
No idea how you reached that conclusion. I said I think it’s full of bots because even so much as saying “yeah I didn’t like the food but I don’t have an issue with Obama trying to make it healthier” leads to downvotes, which I’m currently getting as well as OP. It’s stupid. It’s literally not even criticism of the thought process, just the execution, but this sub blindly downvotes anything that isn’t utter praise of everything democrat, probably because they don’t want new, susceptible potential voters to come here looking to learn about politics and see something negative about their party. Which is why I believe this sub is littered with bots. Because I can’t believe a significant portion of humans, not being paid, would waste their life doing this on a daily basis out of their own time just to get votes that will be insignificant in the grand scheme of things for an election once every 4 years. Comments like mine and OPs get downvoted in literally every single post in this sub. Mild criticism at most, treated as if it’s a preposterous thought. Thank you for reading, I’ll take my downvotes now.
My idea that the food I ate in high school after this was implemented wasn’t good is shit? Are you telling me I am wrong about the food *my cafeteria* served in high school?
When I say stuffed my face in the fridge, it was just like anything I thought was worth eating. Carrots, pretzels, a nature valley bar, etc. It wasn’t an actual meal course because my parents didn’t have time to prepare that for me in high school, and I didn’t either with school sports and work.
Just curious, what’s this have to do with what I said haha I tried but I honestly can’t tell, are you saying he’ll be a head coach in 2 years because we won’t need him?
Oh, I mean I’m very excited about the hire haha, nor do I think him getting poached is the end of the world, but rather a possibility. I’d only dislike it if he gets hired and they promote like Bill Callahan to OC, in a scenario where he’s our OL coach. But that’s getting very far ahead of ourselves.
True, but be reasonable lol. Mara and Tisch are rich, but they aren’t that rich. Combined they have like 1/12th of his net worth. I’m not saying forking over money for Callahan would bankrupt them, but we can’t expect every coach hired to be elite for their role. I am very sure Jason Garrett is going to be making a pretty penny to coordinate here. If the cost of that is not getting Callahan, so be it. With that said, Judge isn’t making a ton of money so I am sure the Giants plan on being competitive about Callahan and, like Rhule, will be in there until pricing gets stupid.
Don’t get me wrong, totally agreed, but Alabama to me is always something to be cautious of. They have world class facilities (which many other programs do but not all) and world class recruiting. They pretty much always have an NFL line. Not saying he isn’t good, I have no idea, but there are a lot of factors that make that job kind of easy. He also wasn’t even really coaching the past two years. Not to be a buzzkill just like keeping expectations in check.
Yeah I mean if you casually ignore years of coaching Donovan McNabb (I’m sure we’ve decided that’s all Reid though), Sam Bradford winning rookie of the year despite being surrounded by garbage, Nick Foles in his outlier 27-2 season, and you know, our own rookie Jones having a very good season and Gettleman even admitting it was Shurmur who got him to look at Jones first, then sure his offensive and QB success is extremely overblown. It just requires ignoring pretty much all of it besides Cleveland lol
He’s a lock for one imo. Even if Cincy has Kevin Costner in the room and decides Burrow is actually a liar that no one likes, they’ll trade the pick for a kings ransom to someone who will take him at 1.
I feel like the majority of their offensive line ends up in the NFL in some capacity, which is mostly the point. By all accounts the DEs and linebackers aren’t as big either, so don’t get me wrong I agree, I’m just speaking in a vacuum about internal factors at Alabama.
I can’t really see a scenario where we take a tackle high enough to seriously bank on their development while also shelling out big money for a guy like Peters. I think it’s kind of one or the other here. Being, sign a vet (I think someone like Conklin is more likely) or draft one high. I say this because if we do both, the defense is flat out going to finish last or near last in the league again, and Gettleman will be fired, and then we’ll be trying to find a GM that is willing to bank his career and reputation on a first time head coach (technically second year but you catch my drift) and a team that hasn’t won in years. I get people don’t want Jones getting hurt, but he’s young. He’s not Lamar rushing 150 times a year. We will see more improvement from this team fielding an even *average* defense for the first time in years than we will trying to artificially create a top 5 line and praying the defense suddenly becomes better because we’re running a multiple scheme.
Nah FF65 proposed their position change in another thread too. It’s ambitious, but I don’t see it. I feel/hope the Giants learned from Pugh that moving a lineman around every year to a new position isn’t going to end well. It’ll take a good player and make them average.
&gt; TLDR, I don't believe Eli was actually playing well under Ben as OC, the stats were lies that live action viewing did not support. Completely agreed. Now don’t get me wrong, playoff Eli absolutely showed up so I regret and know I was wrong for having this thought, but I vividly remember going into the 2016 playoff game against Green Bay thinking “I feel Eli is the only reason we can’t beat these guys”. It’s hard to explain, but Eli’s downfall was easy to see coming dating back to that year.
Nah, sounds like it’s a bit of a bidding war for Callahan right now. I’m curious as to who plan B is. I’m also interested to see where we draw the line on his price, but I must say one of the perks about not shelling out tons of money for Rhule is it gives ownership flexibility to get competitive on Callahan. Obviously someone like Tepper in Carolina doesn’t have to even worry about this, but luckily he’s kind of an outlier. I think he’s just getting trigger happy because he’s new and excited to be making ownership decisions. He’s a smart guy, I get a feeling pretty soon he’ll start having advisors tell him “You know Dave, we could improve our bottom line a lot if at least get closer to league average on some of these expenditures.”
Tbh, as far as like pure offensive knowledge goes, I’d probably take Shurmur and Shula over Garrett. However, taking into consideration that Shurmur has to be HC here (which he wasn’t good at) and Shula has to be OC here (which he was really bad at), then I take Garrett as OC every day of the week and twice on Sunday. I guess what I’m trying to say is, in a hypothetical world where we can just demote those two to jobs they’re better at, I’d take them over Garrett (not that Shula is better as a QB coach just the combo). Since that isn’t possible, you’re absolutely right that Garrett is the better answer than keeping them two in jobs they aren’t good at.
If you told every team in the NFL right now that hiring Garrett would guarantee them 90 regular season wins over the next 10 years, I promise you enough teams would be begging him to come in that he would end up the highest paid coach in the league. Keep in mind, a 9-7 (56.25%) average would put Garrett just slightly outside the top 50 of all time win percents for a head coach, and would rank 4th amongst all time franchise win %’s. Sometimes you need to hire a retread guy like Garrett. They’re not going to be the guy that wins you a Super Bowl, but they’re going to lay the foundation for the next coach to come in and start winning. For as much shit as Jeff Fisher got with the Rams, look at the state they were in before he got there and look what they transitioned into. Do the Rams make the super bowl last year with Fisher running the show? No way in hell. But that doesn’t mean Fisher didn’t help right the ship and get them in a position where an inexperienced but bright mind can come in and take them to the next level without worrying about getting basic things right. Don’t get me wrong, I’m not saying I wanted Garrett over Judge, I’m just kind of defending the idea that not every coach has to be this young rising star or former super bowl winner.
8. (And most importantly) Find a way to convince the SEC you aren’t insider trading. Most likely by making sure to take sizable, but immaterial in comparison losses throughout this time travel spree. So it looks like you just got really lucky.
Yeah I feel that, I’m just cautious to bank on an undrafted guy who played well in 3 games, one in the middle and two at the end of the year when a lot of guys are wearing down, and point to him as a solution to the line. If this was the first time in my life we ever had a line issue (granted I don’t even think the issue is that bad to begin with) I’d say screw it, sounds like it will work let’s go for it. Being that this team is in a perpetual state of blaming a single offensive lineman for the entire organization’s issues, it seems inevitable that he would end up being a problem and the guy everyone blames if we’re banking on him as a starter going into the year.
I also think things like your social not even existing at the time would kind of get you caught In fact I’m not even sure how you’d be able to make the initial trade without it existing
Why that's perfectly fine opinion to have, **it doesn't matter what you think**. Sorry, but seriously, your opinion genuinely does not matter here though. His box office draw is why he gets paid what he does. No one hires The Rock because they think he'll win an Oscar. They hire him because his brand and imagine will make movies as stupid as Rampage sell. I like Henry, but he does't have that, and I understand WB being cautious to not pay him like that especially when the director who chose him isn't even making DC movies anymore.
Yeah I mean that's also a pretty big thing to just put aside lol
Correct me if I’m wrong, but hasn’t pretty much all recent portrayals of Penguin had an accent? It seems like something DC is kind of incorporating into the character, although I suppose no one’s going to tell Matt he’s wrong if he doesn’t want it.
I feel like Jason is pretty good with the media and he's going to be handling our 2 biggest investments, so I could see him getting some face time during the year. But beyond that, yeah probably just an outlier.
Wait really? Honestly, I couldn't remember if it was a thing, and I never really saw clips of anyone but Shurmur talking this past year, so I just assumed when you worded your post like that that we never made them available lol. I get a feeling Jason would want to stay relevant if he can for future coaching jobs, so I don't think the Giants would deny him time to talk if he is being offered it. I also don't think he's the kind of guy who would make a big deal of it either.
Yeah it’s just the way I see it is, he’s kind of in a league of his own financially right now. Can other teams afford that kind of contract? Sure. Can they afford it for a guy who’s NFL experience consists of being an assistant OL coach? No way. Like, it’s not like Mara couldn’t afford to match. It’s that he couldn’t afford to be wrong with that kind of money (not that you don’t know this, just reiterating it to flesh out my point). I agree on your analysis on the kind of person he is, I just wonder if the glitz and glamor will wear off at some point. It’s easy to shell out that kind of money now. It’s not easy to do it again if Rhule doesn’t pay off and now he’s making 9 mil a year from you to coach somewhere in the SEC because they had to cut their losses.
Ah ok, I think that’s the right approach too. I don’t really think we need a franchise LT this draft. I’m not even really sure if there actually is one anyway. I think scouts are just getting carried away with it because it’s been years since we’ve seen a good one.
&gt; They tell the truth about Trump. They outright lie about Bernie. At least Trump gets honesty. Good lord imagine thinking this unironically lol
Lol no they aren't, it's a joke, it's like memes basically. Like 95% of that sub is either exaggerating their position or outright lying about it. It's very clearly meant to be funny and not taken too seriously, but there is actually tons of sound investment advice in that sub. They were all over AMD when they were in the single digits and that stock is literally one of the best stocks on the market right now to have owned. The advice is going to be riskier than "Buy Vanguard S&amp;P ETF's" but in my experience the advice is usually good, as long as you can filter out good advice from obvious jokes.
Nah, I think OP is just the idiot here lol Law School and a masters program combined should really be like $100k tops a year, and that would be for 2 very expensive programs. I find it hard to believe someone can make $700k a year and actually not realize they should get loans for those kinds of things, but even then paying that out of pocket shouldn't even be that hard. Like, the math in his story flat out makes no sense lol.
&gt; Part of my expenses include putting money in my savings from every paycheck, like the good rule of thumb to have a couple of months of expenses saved up. Lol I really hope you don't tell people you know this because I can promise you they are laughing behind your back
&gt;You. Yes, you. Did you buy way more Apple products this Christmas vs last Christmas? No? How about Mattel, did you buy way more Barbies or Hot Wheels? No? What an utterly insane way to look at a stock price increasing lol. You don't need to buy an iPhone every year anymore for Apple to be worth more. They are adding revenue streams to their existing products. They have proven brand loyalty that will get people, and just as importantly businesses, to buy their products despite overpaying for them. They're also sitting on an insane amount of cash which means they can get aggressive on investments and not risk the company's long term security. And Mattel?? Is that a typo? What the hell made you pick Mattel? Mattel is down over 50% since 2016. Who on earth is pointing to Mattel as proof that the stock market has a bubble right now lol.
Yeah I definitely agree with that but that is not what the person I responded to said lol
Apple definitely was not either. I vividly remember thinking it was a reach when we drafted Apple there, and literally the only other team being connected to him in the 1st was Pittsburgh. My guess is OP did not actually "think" of Elite CB prospects off the top of his head, but rather just went through recent drafts and listed anyone that was drafted in or near the top 10.
&gt; Yannick is fool’s gold, he’s going to get way overpaid. Markus Golden outplayed him this year Why do people keep parroting this misleading narrative? Yes, Golden had more counting stats. Golden also played 120 more snaps than Yannick. If anything I’d argue Golden is the one that’s fools gold. Golden didn’t even make this list.
lmao it must be from the 90's because that is the only way I could see someone thinking Mattel is relevant enough to use as a reason that the stock market is going to pop. It's like they watched The Big Short last night and googled "reasons why the stock market will crash" and didn't realize the article they clicked on is from the 90's.
How do you see a post like this and think this is even remotely appropriate lol Delete this before more people see it
There’s nothing wrong with it if he’s willing to take a reasonable deal. The bottom line is Yannick is going to create more pressure than Golden though. He’s a better pash rusher on an individual basis. I don’t even care about his run d, which is being so exaggerated here, because that’s why we have our DLine, which is genuinely a good DLine. They have to improve the pass rush this offseason. Our passing pressure cannot consist of Lawrence creating havoc in the middle and Golden winning his 1 on 1 every now and then. By all means if we can get both let’s do it. But if Yannick wants like $17-20 on average and Golden wants to parlay his sacks this year into $10-13 a year, I’m paying extra for Yannick. Golden is being greatly exaggerated by this fan base because his counting stats were high when analytically he was an average player, and his omission from a top 100 list like this shows it.
Can we please like move on lol I liked Ben a lot, but it’s just dumb to live in the past like this. This is exactly what people did against Henry when they said “Reeves is my Superman” and everyone lost their mind saying how unfair that is. I’m all about pushing for the Snyder Cut. That’s totally fine. But we don’t need to be against future DC developments to do that.
Tbh I just wonder how much the front office can think is reasonable in investing in the line. You can’t just throw money and top draft picks at the line every single year lol. Like obviously it’s an important part of the game and our game, but at a certain point you have to say enough is enough and give some support to other parts of the team. Our linebackers *need* help. We will be talking about a top 5 pick next year as well if Ryan Connelly is the guy we’re banking on anchoring the linebackers. It’s a problem that Jason Witten can come out of the Monday night football booth and immediately score a touchdown against us, as well as have his best game of the season against us. By no means am I calling our offensive line top notch, but it is *not* the problem here and I think a better coach could easily bring this unit to be at or near the top 10. And saying “we’re not winning a super bowl next year so we need to keep Jones protected” is not a valid response to basically actively supporting another losing season by not allocating our best resources to the defense this year.
Ok, but you’re saying all this like Golden is great against the run lol. If we’re going to use PFF, we have to include in the thought process that Golden only received a pass rush grade of 63 and an overall grade of 60, both much lower than Yannick. So when you go all crazy over Yannicks run defense, you have to acknowledge that Golden really isn’t any better. I don’t even care if we don’t sign Yannick, I don’t think he’s a fool proof strategy to fix the defense. But when people say screw Yannick pay Golden, I question where they are coming from because by all accounts neither are any good against the run and Yannick is just a better pass rusher. If Golden is cool with taking a friendly deal, by all means I want to keep him, but he’s the one who isn’t worth what his stats indicate because the advanced stats show he’s pretty much been an average player since his injury.
See this is what I don't get though. 3 years $31 mil for a player PFF, the same source we are using to say Yannick isn't worth it, measured as average in both parts of the game? How is that not the sucker payment here? We'd be paying for the 12 sacks he got last year. Trust me, I get cost effectiveness and agree with it. But we have flexibility this year. We can front load Yannick and make the hit much more reasonable down the stretch. Again, not even saying I'm married to the guy, just presenting that as an option. And the other thing for me too is, so who *are* we ok with paying? At least Yannick has been incredibly consistent in his game. Should we pay guys coming off 1 good year like Armstead, Fowler, or Barrett? Like, we have to work with whats available. If it's me I'd pay Clowney, but he isn't even going to be interested in playing here. And the better solution isn't to sit back and wait for a perfect Edge defender to hit the market.
Good lord this sub lmao So we can’t sign Yannick because he’s not good enough at Run D. And now we can’t sign Clowney because even though he has good pass rush skills and is elite with run D, I guess he might miss a game or two? Honestly you got me I’m just guessing on what is wrong with Clowney because I think he’s clearly a top 5 edge in the league right now lol. Did LT find a fountain of youth and say he’s coming out of retirement? How can we possibly expect secondary to get better if we don’t bring in a better pass rusher than we currently have?
Ok, I suppose saying clearly may be extreme, but he's clearly top 10, and he's only 26. And again, *who are you signing instead that is elite at both*? Or what should we be spending our money on again. The secondary will not get better until we have a better pass rush. Even if Clowney isn't elite at rushing the passer, he gets pressures which is good enough when considering what he'll add to the run D.
Jokes aside, Rivers knows his career is coming to an end. I don't think this means he thinks he's done with the Chargers. I think it just means he's moving to where he wants to live the rest of his life and it was just the right time to do it.
Ok but that's not really an answer lol. If you say pass on Clowney, ok fine, he's not coming here anyway. Idc if we pass on Yannick too, but who is our Zadarius for $17 mil a year? Who is our Preston for $13? Like I'm sorry but without names nothing is being solved. The fact of the matter is after Yannick we'd be talking about giving guys like Fowler, Armstead, and Barrett (who basically all have 1 year of production) money in the ballpark of $17 mil, maybe more, and after those guys, I literally have no idea who we'd get. And it's not like the draft is littered with Edge rushers after Young.
FWIW, I'd imagine a big reason why us Giants fans (myself included) prefer Simmons to Okudah is because we spent a first on Baker last year, used a comp pick on Beal (who was supposed to be a 1st round talent if he went in the next draft) and traded for Peppers. And at this point I think finding guys who can rush the passer is a bigger priority. The investment in the secondary is there. But until they get someone to pressure the QB they will be hung out to dry. That's not to say they are an elite unit that everyone is wrong on, but rather they are pretty young and I don't think they aren't talented they just have been set up to fail miserably so far.
Well he would certainly fit our yearly quota of signing a reject veteran that we don't even need who clearly has nothing left in the tank.
They will never win with this defense lol There was 4 playoff teams this year with a worse offensive line than us per PFF. We finished 17th in their year end rankings. Kansas City finished 16th. We did this despite poor coaching from a guy that very well may be replaced by Bill Callahan. We have way too many holes on defense to go back and spend big money or a top pick on another OLineman. It’s simply not that bad. We look ridiculous acting like our line is the root of our issues every year when various unbiased sources consistently say it isn’t. I’m not saying ignore the line either, but Edge and secondary have to be the priority this offseason. We will be picking in the top 5 again if our defense is not significantly better from last year.
I genuinely feel like Tampa bay would have been at least a somewhat respectable answer if we’re just naming any team in Florida lol
Exactly that’s what I mean. I can’t blame Miami for moving on at all. If Tennessee pays Tannehill and he gets hurt next year everyone’s going to say “how did they not see this coming”.
&gt; You are risking the health and growth of your two top players. By the time you plug all the holes on this defense their careers will be over due to injury. Yeah and if we keep ignoring the defense they, especially Saquon are going to get sick of losing and want out. RBs don’t have long shelf lives. A 4th straight 5 or less win season is going to be pretty off putting for a guy who is going to want to leave his mark on the game. &gt; And I used to trust PFF rankings before they started saying our O-line wasn't horrible. Lol ok so what metric would you like to use? Football outsiders has us around league average too. This fanbase acts like because we can’t generate a pass rush that every other line is amazing lol.
Yeah you’re being incredibly melodramatic right now lol
Dude he’s a running back do you seriously think Saquon is getting tee’d up any worse than any other running back lol But sure, all the scouting websites are wrong. We’re the only team without gaping holes every single play.
[The Giants were 19th in stuffed plays this year.](https://www.footballoutsiders.com/stats/ol/2019) At 20%, they were 1% over league average. You’re literally getting worked up over nothing. I’m sure football outsiders is wrong though because we should all just trust your opinion on the same games we all watched.
I’m guessing you don’t have a single stat to back any of this up
Yup and that’s all the line, definitely nothing to do with the defense that ranked bottom 5-10 by virtually any measurement. It’s like frustrating trying to talk sense into you I’m not even going to entertain this anymore.
Does anyone else hate when a team loses in the playoffs and all the captain hindsight’s start coming out? “Of course Baltimore lost Lamar can’t throw” “Of course Green Bay lost the analytics said they weren’t ____” “You teams shouldn’t have an elite running back because KC and SF don’t have one” It’s like they have a smug answer prepared for every single team ready to post like they saw this coming
Completely agreed. That was more so just a comment about the nature of armchair GMs after every team gets eliminated. As if getting this close isn’t something to be applauded. Instead they make it about how “clearly flawed the team was”.
Is it possible to stop taking the dolphins deject coaches? Lol Shouldn’t the bar be a little higher than the dolphins rejects?
Lmao if it makes you feel better, I thought this, almost commented it myself, caught it, scrolled to your comment and literally googled his name to see if I was just wrong or going crazy.
Yeah why should anyone try to make fiscally responsible decisions, like maybe the impact a guy like Callahan has on an offensive line vs the next best option isn’t that big of a deal and not worth the extra money needed for Callahan? I’m happy Carolina has good ownership willing to get aggressive to win. That doesn’t mean every other owner should not consider cost vs benefit now.
Rhule is making more already than both super bowl coaches. That’s absolutely a fiscally irresponsible decision for a guy who never even beat a ranked opponent with Baylor. I’m not saying Mara and Tisch can’t afford to pay a guy like Rhule or Callahan if they wanted to. But teams absolutely need to be smart about their cash, and consider when the right time is to spend big and when they should be conservative. Tepper isn’t worrying about that because his cash is not comparable to anyone else’s cash.
I agree, but you need to accept the same criticism if Carolina hasn’t done anything the next few years. Or, a worse case scenario, they start going backwards and fire Rhule. If Carolina is going like 8-8 in 2023, then making Rhule one of the highest paid coaches would be a rightly highly criticized move. They need to be like perennial playoff contenders in the next few years for that contract to be worth it tbh. Because that’s what the other coaches in his pay grade are doing.
Yeah not to be an asshole, but what the hell are you talking about lmao Carolina finished 5-11, they pick 7th in the draft. They were no where near winning the division or a wild card spot. And there are already reports saying Newton is going to be traded in March.
They’re just trying to overcompensate because they don’t want the other person to realize how pissed they are.
I’d also argue the game stopped being as physical and more about skill and speed with Gretzky. Gretzky was skating around guys that wouldn’t even make major junior if you watch some of his goals. I think Gretzky is basically just McDavid now. Amazing player, but the difference between the two statistically is when they played.
That’s also incredibly hyperbolic lol The fact is Solder graded out pretty comparably to any season of Flowers outside of his rookie year. His claim isn’t outrageous at all, it’s just this fan base likes to tell itself we’re the only team in the league that ever has to deal with a less than ideal lineman.
I mean, we have like $60+mil to spend lol I understand building through the draft but that’s literally what we’re doing. Bringing in a bunch of vets instead of getting a legit player *and* some vets is just irresponsible imo.
I suppose I phrased that badly. I meant to say the game changed as a result of Gretzky dominating. Not that he got in the league and suddenly they stopped hitting.
Yeah and it’s not like the guy is cutting on it lol he’s a tackle, it wouldn’t even be a big deal if the ligament was weaker.
The guy is a top 5 paid tackle. He’s literally being paid to at least be decent in those one on one situations.
Ok but let’s be fair here you shouldn’t hate the coach for saying “this is how I coach” you should hate the management for saying “ok this is a good fit for us”. Like people are only talking about adaptive schemes now because judge specifically mentioned it lol most coaches don’t even entertain the idea of it. If we had Wade Phillips here, who I guarantee everyone would’ve been stoked about, and someone talked about a multiple scheme he’d probably laugh until he keeled over at that person lol
FWIW, I barely even care about his contract because I don’t think we lost any irreplaceable talent over it. I’m mostly just combatting the idea that he deserves some excuses like he got stuck with 1 on 1’s this year.
Because like McDavid he’s still a once in a generation player Except it was during a time where the talent wasn’t nearly as good across the board as it is today, especially for goalies
Jones fumble issues stem much deeper than his line lol. I love the guy but those fumbles are mostly on him. He needs to do a better job protecting the ball and improve his pocket awareness. Every hit he takes it’s like he thought they were playing 2 hand touch. And that’s not saying he isn’t tough, it’s the opposite. He’s so tough that he’s not afraid to take a hit, but the cost of that is he doesn’t have good awareness because he doesn’t have an internal clock telling him “you will get rocked if you don’t get rid of this”.
I get it, I had a similar concern with Brady, but I changed my mind. I don’t give a fuck. Give me one decent football season for once. I’ll regret saying this but for now I don’t care, 8-8 will feel like a super bowl at this point.
I feel like Golden won't be worth it. All the analytics say he wasn't nearly as good as his sacks indicate and frankly I have to agree with that based on the eye test. I never felt like Golden was the one wrecking havoc he was just kind of in the mix and was quick enough to be the one who got the sack.
Crazy how this kind of thinking gets downvoted in the Giants sub (well not that crazy knowing them) People saying they'd rather pay Golden $30+ for 3 years than $85 for 5 of Ngakoue. Like what's an extra $7 mil going to do in the NFL today? I get Yannick isn't great at stopping the run, but Golden sure as shit isn't any better.
TBH I feel like they can be good (or at least much better next year) so I don't think it's a two year turnaround. That may ultimately be the timeline but I think it's possible to do it this offseason. I think your plan alone is a huge step towards that.
Because reddit thinks every rich person is evil and thinks they understand tax law better than the people actually writing the tax law when they say amazon not paying taxes means they’re not contributing to society
&gt; He's been a position coach over absolutely mediocre players for over a decade and the best answer people can give for why they like him is "he was a head coach for a season." Coached a Hall of Famer in 2006 with Witten (not saying he developed him but that clearly he isn’t mediocre) His years coaching TEs with Arizona, well that I’ll give you I guess although I’d argue it was a different time and most TEs were not capable of being the dual threat that they are today. I think it’s telling that when Arians came into Arizona, not only did he keep Kitchens, but he made him the QB coach too. And there’s no doubt QB play is what Ariana has made his career on. And it’s not like Cleveland didn’t get great production out of Chubb this year and last year. I think Kitchens is definitely a great hire in the right capacity.
Seriously, by all means have a civil war. The only people that would actually be motivated enough to lay their body on the line for a fucking political party are clearly way too dead set in their way of thinking and would never entertain a genuinely good liberal or conservative idea anyway.
Can you elaborate on what you mean by unsold inventory being taxed as corporate income? Are you referring to how it’s listed as an asset thus not expensed until sold? Because the alternative to this unfortunately is people stocking up like crazy and then not paying taxes.
Is it possible he's just joking? Idk who it is but I could see this just being like a joke.
This is an exaggeration. Parker had almost exclusively bad matchups up until Preston got hurt. The only thing that happened was their schedule opened up and they trusted him with a bigger role.
Oh in no way am I doubting Eli should be in, he’s a HOF, but not getting 1st ballot wouldn’t shock me either (although I could see the size of his two wins as well as the name making it possible). Aikman is a very good comp and I think cowboys fans are smart enough to not argue his candidacy because I bet they see that too. I guess it’s just surprising because no other player have I seen such widely exaggerated claims on both ends of the spectrum lol
The edit you made in your first comment went from being kind of funny to making you look batshit crazy after reading this.
You randomly turned a clear joke into an excuse to attack an entire gender lmao And if you just were subtle about it, then whatever, but you deadass wrote a book on how men are liars even if they don’t realize it. Who hurt you??
Honestly though, at what level of taxation is it not being selfish? Like, how is what OP is saying that extreme to some people? 20k is a lot of money. I have my own future and my future child’s future to worry about too. I don’t want me or my child to have to rely on the government if something happens to me to put food on the table. And even beyond that, don’t people deserve nice things for their work?
Well, you know there was also kind of that whole thing where they weren’t sure if he could grip a football again while the best QB to enter a draft since Elway was available. That kind of matters here lol.
What exactly do you think I’m trashing right now? I am 25 by the way.
Crazy to think that the greatest sports moment in my life (for my fandom) pretty much is guaranteed to have already happened.
It’s just hard to see Gettleman trading down. He’s never done it before.
Ben Roethlisberger is not even close to being an all time great in the same way that any of those other guys are (or could be for Wilson given his age). Everyone else you listed has won an MVP. I can’t even remember a year Big Ben was a legit contender for MVP. Hell the guy was only named Team MVP one time. No doubt the man is a HOF QB, but he is no where near an all time great in the way we’d discuss Brady, Brees, or Peyton. Edit: Good lord how has Brees never won MVP. Regardless, Big Ben still isn’t even close and that should be obvious.
Well technically he traded back into the first last year. I don’t know if that’s what you mean by trading up, since the first pick was 6th overall and ours, but we traded up for Baker.
In no way am I calling any of them all time greats, coming from a Giants fan. Montana is definitely an all time great imo for his Super Bowls. But beyond that yeah the pre 1990’s qbs are very tough to judge.
Jail? He wouldn’t have finished his thought without being dropped lol. His comment is outright embarrassing for a man in his position.
&gt;who demonises the press, parties which hold views and form policies he disagrees with, foments fear and hatred of any group that doesn't vote for him, threatens and insults people who do not follow his instruction. You could literally convince me this was written about a standard r/politics comment section if you take out the part about an elected president.
Keep in mind tho, those costs are likely going to increase your basis as well (depending of course I’m just going off your roof and hvac example). So sure, costs more now, but down the line will get you taxed less on the gain. We’re also talking about the very rich who aren’t dealing with hundred thousand dollar properties, meaning that gain could be huge when they flip it. If you have the money, (or the time and skills to handle things yourself) real estate is a pretty damn good investment. It’s just a matter of having the money or not.
In all honesty I think it’s a least partially politically driven the idea that the market is going to crash. I could see like a minor correction in the future but nothing crazy. There really isn’t any overwhelming signs of a crash besides some nit picky things.
I think you can include hockey in there too. They may not be the cream of the crop like the football/basketball/soccer, but they’re close enough to stick with them and that it wouldn’t be obvious.
Oh, I noticed you were, although I appreciate the support. I just wanted to walk it back a little as I felt I was making it sound like I wasn’t giving it any credit at all.
I’m not, but let’s not compare him to practice squad players either lol. We can say the guy was a bust for us and also admit we might have gotten trigger happy to trade him for the “culture” out of fear that we wouldn’t get anything for him in a year.
I just don’t see the practice squad/waivers comparison tbh. The adjective describing it is kind of irrelevant. You’re not getting the level of play of Apple on PS or waivers. What we saw from the eagles secondary this year is what PS/waivers gets you.
&gt; Living off of the government will not allow you to live where ever you want. It's crazy to think the government should have to pay for people to live in high cost areas. Exactly this. How is the government going to decide who gets to live in NYC or LA vs Detroit, or on a less dangerous but more boring note say Montana? Like yeah, if I'm not actually paying for it I'll take NYC every day of the week. But I'm not going to move there now and like barely break even between my salary and the cost to live somewhere nice when I can just wake up slightly early and take a train or work remotely if the weather is bad.
Really? Who? Genuinely asking, don't meant that like you're wrong, but my impression was that really Fitz and Parker were the only two Dolphins that were playing at a legit level. That's not to say some of those guys don't having starting potential or couldn't be decent rotational pieces, but I wouldn't imagine most of this years Dolphins roster projects to be starting for them by like 2022.
haha I just meant that from a financial/social aspect. Different strokes for different folks I am sure there is plenty to appreciate about Montana.
I hear you. I think my point would've been better left at just Detroit. Unnecessary jab at a different style of life than my own lol.
He did, I think the Jags moving on from him so quickly is what (kind of) humbled him about the position. In fact I think he got benched or fined or something towards the end of the year with Bobby Hart a couple years back cuz they wanted to bench them or something? I remember Hart got cut immediately. It would've never worked for him in NY even with a position switch. The fans despised him. To a degree I honestly felt for him and wished the fans would ease up, because I honestly never got the impression that he didn't care until the hate just reached a point of no return, and players consistently went to bat for him. Now, he wasn't exactly a professional about coming back this season either, but I can't imagine what he went through.
Eh, I'll give the guy credit where he deserves it, he transitioned to guard well. Plenty of scouts proposed guard as a better position for him, Reese was just banking on his athleticism making it work in the NFL at Tackle. For as much as there is to dislike about McAdoo, he's spot on about Flowers. He can't bend. You can't play tackle in the current NFL without being able to bend. Guard won't demand that kind of bend, so he's a much better fit there. That's not to say I fault the Giants for trying to make it work at Tackle, considering he had the potential and it's not like they really needed a guard at the time.
I genuinely never understand the Stanton hate lol. We basically got him for free. Yeah, he’s not a bargain contract, but who cares? When the mlb implements a hard cap we can circle back and debate the value of his contract lol. Literally half of the league in baseball is grossly overpaid and the other half is basically fighting for arbitration every year until they too can be grossly overpaid.
&gt;No, you said PS players are non-serviceable, so like I said in the beginning, thats false, you started dragging up other shit. If the PS guys are serviceable why did you say you knew they weren't going to win a playoff game because of the replacement WR's?? That would be the opposite of serviceable. That means they're doing the offense a disservice lol. &gt;We lost half our roster through the season, and still managed to pull players out of thin air and make a patchwork team better than 3 other orgs can manage an entire off-season. So yes waivers and PS players can be serviceable. I swear it's like you're looking at my Giants flair thinking this is bothering me lol. All 3 other teams were shit this year. They all fired their coach. You're making it like the Eagles deserve an award for going 9-7 and winning the NFC East when 2 of the 4 teams did not have a shot in hell at even going .500 back in September.
I'm kind of confused why you're saying this as if I think Apple wasn't a bust for the Giants lol. You can be a bust and not be compared to a practice squad player. That's all I am saying here. Eli Apple is better than practice squad players.
Check out Gerolsteiner then. It's like a sparkling water but it has electrolytes and minerals. Apparently it's German
I don't mean to say it's impossible. I say it in terms of likelihood. Most practice squad guys are there for a reason. They are able to be plucked to an active roster at any point in time.
I genuinely can’t believe the amount of people naming one or two guys over the course of their teams history that came from practice squad compared to the thousands of guys that we’ve never even heard of or were flat out bad lol
&gt;will update when she replies &gt;seen Oh man this is rough
I get the vibe he’ll have offers and would not have us at the top of those offers if we even wanted him.
Doesn’t he always kind of hint at it though? I remember he said he answered calls about the 2nd pick but then said they were all terrible offers and not taken seriously. So maybe he just hasn’t actually gotten a decent offer yet. FWIW, I think the time to trade down for the Giants was with Saquon. They have money now, they don’t need to trade down. They need the best defensive players they can get their hands on.
Bure was the first guy I ever truly grinded for. Bittersweet, as I never got as into another HUT year after that but at the same time I never enjoyed playing one as much as that either.
Honestly I’d almost image more people in the “know” have gotten screwed over this than made out.
I feel like fans tend to over state their offensive line issues if they don't have an elite line because they really aren't likely to watch entire games of other teams, and if they are they aren't as emotionally invested that a sack would bother them, so your take on Arizona's offensive line was quite refreshing tbh. Arizona strikes me as a team that is going to land Jeudy or Lamb. It just makes too much sense. If you're going to play with the speed Arizona wants to and throw as much as they want to, you need top wide receivers too. Multiple. Kirk is a good player. He's not a great player. Larry is still good. He's no longer great, and at this point how many more years can he be banked on? Jeudy or Lamb are very likely to be great.
And not only that, he wasn't even projected to have a high ceiling, his allure was that he was supposed to have a pretty safe floor. Lias' floor becoming highly questionable now pretty much renders the guy with little to no value unfortunately.
I wonder if Kliff is going to be willing to risk trading back and losing one of them if he's exceptionally high on them. While the NFC West is truly a nightmare division right now, I don't think Arizona plans on picking this low very long. Now granted, next years WR class looks just as stacked as this if not more, so I could see that being a factor. Although, I think we're going to see WR class continue to be more and more stacked. The elite athletes know WR is a better long term position than RB/DB at this point, and I think they're going to start overwhelmingly trend that way. In fact I think this year is the first of that. So maybe teams take notice of this and start to devalue WR knowing that there will be talented guys available later as a result of supply and demand.
born in 94, remember getting in trouble in elementary school for listening to it
The most baffling thing I’ve seen to date is someone claim the planet will not survive 4 more years of Trump due to environmental issues. If the planet is doomed in 4 years or less, what is *anyone* capable of doing to fix it?
Yeah you know or instead of killing her they could’ve just cancelled the endorsement deal like what happens to many athletes who get endorsed and commit a crime. And billions? Really? Idk why I’m even humoring this.
You do realize it would be significantly easier to get out of an endorsement deal with him than it would be to get away with murdering her... right?
How have you not been banned yet? Good lord you need help
Honest question, why does anyone care about the minor league baseball stuff? To act like minor league baseball, especially the levels that are being shut down, has anything to do with corporate greed makes no sense. It’s a developmental league. If the teams don’t want to develop their players at that level, why should they be forced to? There are currently 40 rounds in the MLB draft, for 30 teams (plus additional picks). It’s already gigantic compared to other sports, and later round picks literally just become a matter of drafting people they know. Some of the levels of minor league baseball are flat out unnecessary, and it’s just weird to me that people think it’s greed when it’s really just “why was this ever a thing in the first place?”
Tbh, I didn’t mean to imply the guys I put in parentheses were as good as the guys I named, just that iirc they also got hurt and pretty much left the Giants without a shot of succeeding anywhere else. That’s my fault for wording that poorly.
Somewhat related thing: I always found it funny how Golf is like the one sport where people come to spectate dressed as if they’re ready to play if needed. Like sure you wear a jersey for other sports, but it’s accompanied with comfortable clothes. I know it’s just kind of the standard established long before any of us were born, it’s just funny to me.
When I said go easier I meant if they’re under the “legal limit” if they’re under 21. Still punished, but not as badly.
It’s actually almost cute that you believe they actually found it distracting lol. This is the same team that was laughing at anyone suggesting they are cheating up until they were caught. You do realize they think all of us are idiots right?
Idk maybe I’m crazy but it’s like, you can *almost* see a fair take in there when she talks about how he was apart of it and benefitted and didn’t say anything then, but the rest of it just completely ruins it lol
I genuinely feel like since their winless season, the Lions have been more unlucky than bad They were fine this year til Stafford got hurt. They always have solid players, it doesn’t help when their division is stacked either.
... so you think the solution to giving a government that had $21 trillion dollars unaccounted for, is giving them *more* money?
Have you seriously never heard of a DUI checkpoint? This is literally not even close to true.
Well, I see your point, and agree there should be time, but I think the plot is definitely not the same without the robbery. Because robbery is part of what caused Lau to flea with the rest of the money, which leads to Batman getting him, which leads to the mob trial, etc etc. Like, yes in the grand scheme of things it could be written without it, but to me it does much more service than just introduce Joker, because it explains why the mob even entertains him after how they were set up in Batman Begins.
I believe it was technically closer to $40 due to money that wasn’t on their active roster, but yeah their active roster was $22 lol Which is literally a slap in the face to the fans when you’re losing like that. I’m not saying teams need to go all in every year, but good lord at least *pretend* like you want to compete.
I believe Bauer was talking about how sketchy their spin rates were when getting to Houston. Wouldn’t doubt it one bit. Remember, no one even really wanted Verlander when he went to Houston because of his contract and falling off play.
That's because most dems aren't nearly as far left as Reddit would make you think. Which is why Reddit would make you think Sanders will easily beat Trump in an election, and Reddit will tell you the DNC cheated (again) when Bernie doesn't win the nomination (again). I wonder if Trump is going to get more rage votes this time compared to last election.
Lol wow I know some exactly similar to that. This was after his fitness Instagram page failed. It’s so bizarre how hell bent some people are on trying to take the easiest theoretical way possible in life.
Yeah but aren’t they managing the money themselves? Especially in regards to a portfolio. It’s not like the planner is sitting there teaching them their methodology so the person can make the trades themselves (I could be totally wrong though this is just what my friend is finance told me)
I honestly can’t tell if you’re just being ridiculous or trolling, so good job I guess lol
Uh, most jobs will make you travel for work at least once in a while lol
That’s fair, although the athlete could just buy whatever tools are needed to avoid this and save money in the long run. Obviously we’re talking about a very unique thing to begin with.
Wait does they mean you can create stadiums now? Sorry at work can’t load the video.
He got cocky after JPP. Never forget Adrian “The JPP of Tight Ends” Robinson. That should’ve been the first sign to head for the hills lmao. (I also low key think the developmental coaching wasn’t up to par either but that’s not important enough to outweigh the bad picks)
I genuinely have very little issue with Yang and I’m here. Unfortunately it’s just not very realistic to consider him a serious nominee candidate.
This is so outrageously wrong lol Now is the exact time to run up debt because it’s cheap to do so. It’s like you just thought using the word economist would sound fancy enough that people would just assume you’re right lol
Yeah but the point is how does he know if he’s accepting from a billionaire or not? Like, does he have someone constantly monitoring his donations to see if any are from one of the 607 US billionaires? What if I type in my info as Bill Gates, or Bill Gates used my name to donate? Like you see where I’m going right? I get why he’s making the claim, but the claim itself is not something he can actually guarantee, in my opinion. Please correct me if I’m misunderstanding how he may be able to do this though.
Imagine we piss off McShay in back to back years and take Thomas at 4 lol
It sounds like you just want more unemployment lol
... do you actually think doctors aren’t already overworked? Have you ever considered why a doctor is so expensive? (Hint it’s because there aren’t a ton of doctors, there definitely aren’t a ton of *good* doctors, and their time is valuable)
So what are all these business that can’t afford a “living wage” going to do? Think about the kind of job a high schooler would work. How on earth will they stay afloat paying every kid $15 an hour?
&gt; You can't tell me that money is being used for it's best purpose. You cant say that because it isn't even being used! That is money that is essentially out of circulation. That's the money Bernie wants. How on earth do you believe this? What billionaires financial advisor is telling them “Whoah, don’t have your money in this booming historic stock market, just stick in under your mattress”? Even money just sitting in a savings account is helping the economy, which none of them are doing to a significant degree. &gt;You and 99.9% of everyone else have absolutely nothing to fear from bernie. He's not hear to get another house, or take all your money and nice things. He's trying to give everyone else the things that they need to thrive in this country; which by the way, that's how we become great as a nation. When as many people thrive as possible. Right, he’s attacking the 1%. Because they’re an easy target. Because they’re small. And it’s easy to try and blame them for problems people don’t really understand. It’s almost like they’re a minority. Just because I will not be fearing Bernie doesn’t mean I have to think what he’s doing is right or a good idea.
I had a guy in there try to tell me he shouldn’t be a Hall of Famer *at all*, because “Super Bowls are team accomplishments, and his record isn’t good enough at only .500” ... so are we putting the whole team in the Hall of Fame or just one guy?
I genuinely still don’t understand pensions at all lol Luckily it’s not heavily tested so I didn’t really focus on it too hard
Because the commentary on the joke was funnier than the joke, imo (the joke was funny too fwiw)
You literally might as well just go full blown socialism and have all money taken by the government and redistributed evenly at that point lol. Why even overcomplicate it over 50k? There’s tons of pro athletes that make over $50k a game but they’re gonna act like it’s something to motivate workers/business owners??
“The picture is photoshopped... but does it matter?” Yes, you fucking moron. It kind of matters that you made an entire point around a fake photo only to subsequently find out the photo was fake. You pretending it’s actually real means nothing.
Just to be clear, which one do you want? Because the comment about not working out during quarantine [is true](https://www.insider.com/robert-pattinson-exercise-quarantine-the-batman-workout-interview-2020-5) However, the one about talking to Washington in a negative way about working with DC/Superhero roles in general was simply me making a guess about how he may already view the genre based on his workout comments. Pattinson definitely seems like he’s not a big “major motion picture” guy and more about creating art with his work. Which is fine, but I get the vibe he won’t be interested in doing Batman any more than he’s contractually obligated to.
Ok I mean I had to do some digging to find any article claiming it could be a joke so while that may be true acting like it’s obviously true is equally misleading. I like the guy and liked the casting. I have no beef with the guy. But he’s kinda weird and big on arthouse projects so that’s why I took it seriously and wasn’t even aware it may be a joke.
I swear that was my immediate thought when I saw the video of him lmao Like, either he’s an idiot or he’s on the other side and trying to make them look bad... or he didn’t actually watch the movie and thought he’s a stand up citizen I guess lol
There it is there’s always someone who has to say this
How is this guy not banned yet? I’m 100% fine and frankly would embrace someone with a more left view coming here and posting, but this guy clearly isn’t even trying. Every single time it’s such obvious bait.
&gt;Imagine if he was kicked off the team and then every other team refused to pick him up because of what he said You seem to be implying Kaepernick didn’t opt of his contract after consecutive bad seasons then subsequently refuse to play for anything less than starting money
&gt; Ha I mean I’m coming more from a perspective of general shared experience / logic; haven’t most people at some point donated money? Most adults? Yes. Unfortunately that’s not Reddits demographic lol. &gt; If so, you can’t write it off...I mean you can count it as a deduction but you’re not somehow making money. At the same time the tax code is very complicated and I’m sure there is actually a way you maybe can, I was thinking maybe the commenter was referring to the fact that this Twitter guy specifically used some strategy to make cash off this I’m a CPA (granted I do more audit than tax) and I’m not aware of any way to make money via donations. Maybe if you commit tax fraud and get forged donation letters or get someone to overstate the value of noncash donations, but as far as the code goes not that I can think of. Like, technically speaking it’s more expensive to donate money for a write off than it is to just pay the tax. People don’t like to hear this but it’s 100% true.
I’ll leave it up so people have context for your response, but you make a good point I can see that. I’d still lean Brees but I can see how Deuce is in the mix. I think he’d have a stronger case if he lasted one more year and got a ring with them.
&gt; Oh dang I thought reddit was like 22-30 year olds haha, not an assertion I just recall reading that somewhere not sure if it was a fact or just an assumption. It more or less is I’m kinda just playing it up a little haha &gt; But I mean dude gave money to a cause let’s just leave it at that haha who cares why the organization gets money 😂 Hey I agree with you haha, but you’d be surprised what you’ll hear in disagreement. I’ve been told donating money is bad because you’re choosing where the money goes instead of letting the government evenly allocate it. Guess I can resonate with the idea behind that but ultimately still not a fan of hating on generosity in any capacity.
I’ve just heard it from people here on Reddit to be fair. So take it with a grain of salt.
Good for him. Hope he can get where he needs to be on the field but just in a human level, especially with everything going on, it’s good to hear he’s not getting punished for something he didn’t do.
&gt; (From the winner of the Minnesota beauty pageant, that's true btw) Wtf how he’s a completely average looking guy lol
Lol you literally don’t even know what you’re talking about. The stock market is making huge gains recently. Clearly investors do not think he destroyed the economy.
I mean, I think it’s just easier for him to just say what comes to mind versus choosing his words carefully since it’s going to trigger people either way.
What the fuck are you talking about lol I’m responding to this: &gt; If he can't stop the spread without destroying the economy then that's his fault. Sad!
I hope to god you’re from one of those countries that takes the objectively inferior cricket seriously. That would make my day.
I mean, it makes perfect sense for someone trying to live off fixed income for retirement lol If the money is to pass down then sure who cares but if the goal is being able to retire on it fixed income is a switch you almost always need to make
He didn’t specify only black athletes. Whoever made this title is a fucking race baiting low life.
He apparently has an intense passion for creating good movies, which rubs off on the people he works with. Not a fan of the guys beliefs, but I think it’s dumb to act like he isn’t one of the best in his line of work. The stuff he does for Mission Impossible alone is really just jaw dropping when you see how little CGI effects are involved.
I’ll never understand someone defending the current road jerseys lol Why is a team nicknamed big blue consistently wearing a jersey that doesn’t even have the color blue?
Who the hell actively trades a Roth IRA??
Wtf, this is seriously an auto response from reddit to a perfectly valid argument against the direction of BLM? This website is so far gone now lol
Going through all the comments I find it impossible to believe it’s serious lol
The best way to describe it is by stating a fact that, and this is legit, in the first 10 minutes there is a green screen shot of the main character... standing in a doorway. They had to green screen a doorway.
Why the fuck does a gym teacher have access to all those accounting controls anyway lol Honestly whoever runs your school is the real moron here
He said the teacher recorded it in their books though. This seems more likely though.
I love the all caps “HIRED” to start the post. It’s like he’s starting the post with the plot twist lol.
I mean, every indication so far is that Bakers case is going to be completely thrown out, so to an extent not really.
They basically just say “you can filter it but we’re not stopping it” now. Which, if the bias wasn’t so clear wouldn’t be a big deal but that obviously just translates to r/politics2
Idk I always see people talk about the PFF school of thought... but then I see the same people have a stroke if Saquon isn’t getting the ball every other play on offense. Like, you gotta pay *someone* to be your go to guy on offense, who really cares if it so happens to be a running back? He’s clearly one of the best playmakers in football it just seems petty to act like it doesn’t matter because he’s a running back.
I mean, couldn’t you argue Ra’s being not of his comic race was important to Nolan’s story because the whole plot twist revolved around believing Ra’s died in the fire? If Ducard was Arabic I think it would’ve been a little obvious that Ken Watanabe’s character wasn’t actually him. I 100% agree with your point, however I ultimately think you’re ignoring the part where the director doesn’t have any obligation to be comic accurate if the change makes for a better movie, which to me it did.
I mean, he literally didn’t white wash the character. He emphasized Ra’s as a title for the head of the league rather than an individual person. There was no supernatural elements to it. Neeson was Henry Ducard, who also happened to have the title of Ra’s.
I bet us making fun of their hilarious extremism counts as hate speech lol
... I live in NJ too which is why I know what you’re saying isn’t true at all. I literally have a friend that like can’t even land a house here right now because he keeps getting into bidding wars and losing. NJ is a nice area and people want to live here. It’s not overvalued at all.
Yeah I mean, or a sign of a strong real estate market, which NJ has always had lol. You clearly don’t understand why people want to live in NJ which is why you’ll clearly never understand the market for housing here.
You made a post 80 days ago here saying you make 55k a year after taxes and you seriously expect me to believe you own two NJ properties and are buying a 3rd for a business? Either you’re buying up property in like Camden or just completely full of it lmao
Yeah I mean it’s clearly a lie if he’s saying NJ real estate is in a bubble then proceeded to claim he owns 2 NJ properties and is buying a 3rd lol. That or a hypocrite I guess. Like that was kinda obvious to me before I looked at his profile.
Really not much place to put it tho. NJ is a pretty tight area and if your home isn’t in an area like that you can bet your ass your property taxes reflect it here. I do ultimately agree with you though. I think a lot of it is people that like their job in NYC but don’t want to raise their family there. Honestly I bet a lot of these people working in the city consider it an escape from having to help out around the house at home too lol
While I completely disagree that it’s just people flocking away from corona I can see this 2 broke kid is clearly trying to use me for some vendetta he has against you for some reason which I really want nothing to do with so I’m gonna bail here lol
Really? My experience in Bergen was the houses are pretty tight together. Not like horrible but compared to the shore towns at least like you said. Am I misunderstanding what you said/meant?
&gt; haha understood man, im not saying its even entirely that but its playing a factor, there are like 10 houses in my neighborhood for sale and everyone coming to view has NY plates. When you put it that way I see where you’re coming from more, I could see a lot of people not being happy with NYC after this or just using this as a reason to take the leap from renting on the city to owning a home in NJ I definitely agree the property taxes are wild too, I just get why people wanting to raise a family but work in NY will pay it I am waiting to buy personally, granted for a myriad of reason beyond a potential bubble, which I guess I can’t sit here and act like is out of the realm of possibility, just not something I think is a huge concern here right now
I thought he was the other prison teams QB Does he sign with Washington after that game?
I don’t think their claim is entirely accurate, at least on a broad scale. The person in my town that ran Boy Scouts and his son who went on to go as far as you can with it (don’t remember the exact name of the title) were both Jewish. I didn’t last too long with Boy Scouts but I definitely don’t remember religion ever even coming up.
I genuinely thought that comment was bait lol
I can’t believe I took my tests in the BARF order and only realized what it spells now
I kind of disagree with this sentiment. For one, there’s so much roster and coaching turnover on a yearly basis in this league that everyone really needs these days to perfect their schemes, not just new teams. Also, these guys are pros and really should have a pretty good understanding of any scheme a coordinator throws at them anyway. At least a general idea. From there studying it should at least get you to a good place before taking the necessary reps to perfect it. Maybe a young kid who’s never played a snap outside of their system before will struggle, but most of these guys should be well versed enough to be competent. And, not for nothing, but I don’t think new coaching is an excuse we can seriously point at this year when 2 other teams in our division have completely new coaching staffs as well.
He absolutely should have been a backup. The issue is, and always was, why on earth would any team want to bring in a media circus for their *backup* QB. If someone like Tom Brady, Patrick Mahomes, Russell Wilson, or Lamar Jackson wants to be an activist, guess what? Teams would deal with it. But why would any team deal with that for a guy they aren’t even going to play? The difference between Kaepernick and Colt McCoy is Colt McCoy won’t have a single camera pointed in his general direction all season. Colt McCoy won’t have the media speculating about racism if Daniel Jones has a couple bad games and isn’t benched. The only way an NFL team would ever take a chance on a less than superstar talent that sparks controversy is if they are so good it’s worth it. It clearly stopped being worth it with Kaepernick and it’s an insult to the 51 other guys on the roster if you bring a guy like him in who clearly would rather be an activist than help contribute to winning a super bowl.
The statements definitely aren’t an exaggeration, they just weren’t very long lasting which is why people forget it was true. It’s not like Kaepernick just accidentally became one of the best selling jerseys, the guy was balling out for a period.
But AB is a superstar that would start for a team. That’s exactly my point. When you get into fringe starter territory that’s when you lose GMs.
&gt; I think that he realized that he sucks, and is trying to make himself a martyr Eh, I used to believe this but I starting realizing this is pretty unlikely considering the facts. One, if he truly realized he sucks, there’s absolutely no way he opts out of his contract with SF. If anything you milk that extra season on the bench as long as you can with as many cameras pointed at you as possible. He would basically need time travel to be able to know that opting out would pay off long term comparatively speaking to the money he was due. Two, I think the timeline makes it pretty clear he just met a girl that’s a huge activist and was head over heels for her and let her switch up his priority from football to activism. Kaep was really a pretty normal NFL player before they started dating. It’s not like there’s crazy stories leaking about how he was a nut at Nevada or in SF before he started kneeling. And I think he got so into the activism that he didn’t realize teams would notice his passion clearly isn’t football anymore, which just makes him a tough signing when you’ve got 51 other guys willing to lay their life on the line for 60 minutes a week to win.
I have a feeling the multi picture thing is a bit off or misleading. I think Keaton will do the Flash and after showing multiverse exists they’ll use that to grab Pattinson (with Keaton probably dying or something like how they initially planned with Affleck) and put him in the main DCU compared to a stand-alone story. I just can’t possibly imagine Reeves being ok with another Batman in multiple films at the same time as his, regardless of the age gap. It’s not like Quicksilver in the MCU/X-men where no ones going to care or even really notice. It’s a title character, arguably the biggest in the JL story. Keaton is a good choice to get a similar story to the one killing Affleck. I see him being in like 2 movies tops, if he even survives the Flash which I could definitely see actually being his only movie.
You simply must be out of touch with the meme if you seriously don’t think it’s almost unanimously directed at straight white men.
I know in light of the recent news this will be unpopular but I completely agree. If they just do it with the Flash movie and have like Keaton stick around to like acknowledge it’s existence then whatever, that’s cool. If it becomes like a recurring thing, then they’re making a mistake for sure because it’ll be way too confusing.
While tropic thunder obviously isn’t supporting blackface, I don’t really think it’s mocking it either. The whole point of Kirk (RDJ) was to make fun of method actors and how far they’ll delude themselves. The point of the movie was to make fun of Hollywood as a whole (specifically, Stiller thought it was funny how actors who trained for war movies would act like they’d been to war and thought it would be funny to actually send actors to war). Blackface is just a method used to show how delusional Kirk is. Like when he talks about how he understands Alpa Chino’s struggles even though he’s a white guy from Australia. It’s more making fun of Kirk than the blackface itself. At least imo. (It’s also one of my favorite movies and again I definitely don’t think it’s racist just because it really isn’t mocking it as much as it could have since that wasn’t the point)
I don’t really get this though. How is the MCU a multiverse in the same vein as DCs rumored approach? Like sure, they acknowledge it, but it’s not the same as what DC is doing. Marvel basically said when you time travel you create a new reality, but it’s still a new reality in the same contained MCU story (ie. Mark Ruffalo is still Hulk, not Ed Norton or Eric Bana). DC is grabbing a Batman from the 90’s. I genuinely don’t have a problem with doing it in limited fashion, especially for Keaton, but it’s not what Marvel did. That would be like Marvel bringing back Toby Maguire as Spider-Man. The closest they’ve done to that is JK Simmons as J Jonah Jamison, but that’s more of a wink and a nod thing than a legit multiverse plot line imo.
Yes that’s true, but ultimately that’s not the point of Kirk. He’s not being insensitive or discriminatory on purpose, in fact he literally doesn’t even realize he’s doing it, he *genuinely* believes he’s black. Blackface is just used to show the extent of how delusional the guy is. It’s only racist if you completely ignore the context of the character that he’s a complete nutcase. If he was just a typical actor like Tugg in the movie I could see the argument, but the whole point is just to show the absurdity of method actors. They could’ve picked any race for him to become in his head, blackface is just the funniest because it’s so in your face.
Why’s that? His whole premise is he genuinely believes he’s the person he’s portraying. You can swap it with anything and he’s still delusional that he’s actually that person. Remember the part towards the end when he’s taking off his makeup and going through the various accents/persona’s? He was delusional for all of those roles too, blackface is just so extreme and obvious that it makes it the funniest to show for the movie.
But his character literally is only one thing lol a delusional method actor. Making it about anything else completely misses the point of what makes Kirk funny. The criticism could be applied to the movie studio (ie. Les Grossman and the director) for casting a white guy as a black person, and that’s obviously worth criticizing, but the movie never even mentions it to any studio person which is why it’s really not a relevant thing to talk about for the movie.
I’m kind of confused, because everything I’ve said in this thread here completely lines up with what you just said. I don’t get how you can write all that and think “they were mocking blackface” when it’s something we all already knew is bad and doesn’t need to be mentioned. Like sure, I suppose it’s sheer application inherently mocks it, but it’s not in the same vein as various other incarnations of blackface used for comedic purposes today. My whole point is, blackface wasn’t the point of the joke. It was making fun of actors. Blackface is just how they did it.
In SDS defense, this is an issue with all sports simulation games because factoring variance into the sim is pretty hard to do without it feeling forced or just completely random. An example being, wind the clocks back a year. If a sim engine told you Jose Ramirez would only hit .250 with 20 HRs in 2019, wouldn’t you kind of think the sim engine was terrible and there’s no way that happens? Or that Chris Archer would have an era over 5? (I’m just using fantasy busts for this analogy). It’s kind of hard to factor variance into a sim because it basically requires randomly destroying preconceived notions we have of players. When you trade for Chris Sale in franchise mode, you expect a dominant Chris Sale, not a 4.4 era. Hell, look at this very post. The sim had Trout fall off and everyone’s laughing at how ridiculous that would be. And of course, the same applies the opposite way where people would think the sim sucks if someone like Jose Bautista back in the day randomly started hitting 30+ home runs. It happened, but if a sim told you it would happen we’d all think the sim is terrible. Which ultimately just leaves you to needing to hide as much of a players attributes from the player as you can for a franchise mode, imo.
&gt; Same goes for Hitler then if he said sorry? Hes "a guy" which was your only criteria other than saying sorry. ... do you genuinely think not understanding Kaepernick kneeling during the anthem is even in the same stratosphere as Hitler or are you just being extreme for the sake of creating a debate?
To be fair they were a thing before ordering it easily online was a thing. COVID is gonna be the straw that breaks the camels back for a lot of businesses that people never realized you can easily get the same thing cheaper online.
I believe it’s because of the stereotype that Asians all know karate (kung fu fighting), so it kind of mocks the origin of the virus instead of taking it seriously. Personally I never understood why calling it Chinese Flu or Wuhan Flu is so bad since it’s literally just where the virus originated (and to me anyone interpreting that as “all Asians have it” is a moron and their intelligence is the real issue), but Kung Flu I understand since it does pretty much openly use a stereotype. With all that said, I do much prefer hearing coronavirus or COVID because anything else IMO isn’t taking the virus seriously and considering it’s fucking almost July and it’s still a serious issue here I have no idea how anyone can not be taking it seriously.
Lol I understand, I’d probably just make that much clearer in the future. At face value it literally just looked like you posted two people in giants apparel thinking it would get upvotes lol
Right but I guess what I’m getting at is, there’s really nothing racist about saying “Wuhan Flu”. Even the article basically says it’s just important to not say that because Asians were facing discrimination and racist attacks because of the name. But the name itself isn’t the issue there. The issue is morons who read “Wuhan Flu” and think “time to go beat up the Asian guy next door to me”. I definitely understand where those articles are coming from, but ultimately what they all boil down to is “let’s not call it that because racists will abuse the name”. Which makes the issue the racists, rather than the name itself. Compared to Kung Flu, where the name itself is clearly mocking a (very general mind you) group of people believed to be associated with the virus.
I completely agree, I think we just disagree on the standard of intelligence we should be expecting from people. (Not that I think you’re advocating for idiots, but rather acknowledging their existence is inevitable) Yours stance is realistic whereas I’m basically speaking from an ideal society where someone can see “Wuhan Flu” and not have racist thoughts like “let me move a few seats away from the Asian next to me”. And from that perspective, I definitely do get it. I guess in a way I’m glad I needed it explained to me because it kind of helps me believe I’m not accidentally contributing to Asian discrimination or anything.
FWIW, we switched to going back to the office and for me it’s 110% better. Before, every day we’d have status update meetings and just total BS that ended up wasting more time than it addressed because we’re always going through open items we have with the partner. Now, we just talk about it briefly in person and then the 2 days we get to WFH I literally get zero calls or messages. It’s amazing.
I guess they just assumed we wouldn’t get stuff done without the daily status updates (not a bad thought lol) But yeah now on the days I actually work from home it’s basically a Diet Coke version of a pto day
I mean, it’s hard to say they were publicly shamed when they made $16k out of it lol Like, I get what you’re saying, because the person tried to shame the barista, but clearly it didn’t work if they got $16k in donations lol
This so much. I end up accidentally touching the hole multiple times during a round. It should be very simple: Play at your own risk, bring a hand sanitizer to use between holes if you’re afraid you can’t avoid touching the flag. The pool noodle is just unnecessary. Personally I don’t play competitively enough to care that much but I can completely understand how someone who wants to would be annoyed by them.
Because daytime is typically associated with happy things and nighttime is typically associated with scary things. It’s kind of like if you have Batman out in broad daylight. It’s just not as cool or intimidating as him in the dark.
Isn’t it just significantly easier for people to understand this way? Like, every person isn’t going to read up on the lore of every fantasy entertainment they encounter. A dark elf sounds evil, and you just color code it appropriately. Frankly, it’s not like dark elf’s are ever portrayed as black people, so I don’t get why people are trying to connect dots there. If they went around playing into racist stereotypes, I’d agree, but we’re talking about a fantasy race that traces back to the early 1900’s in England. It’s just a pretty big reach to try and make it racist IMO.
...because elves aren’t real and it’s a lot less confusing to make a dark elf a dark color
I guess I should’ve been more clear because I didn’t fully trace this comment chain to it’s origin, I have no issue with them switching it up as you described. It’s their lore, they can and should do whatever they want with it. My only point is I don’t see any inherent racism in a dark elf having dark colored skin. Unless we plan on changing the definition of the word dark, it’s just an easy way to make lore easy to follow. As someone who has dabbled with fantasy entertainment from time to time, I know how exhausting learning new lore can be. It’s kind of like if a new fantasy franchise came out and decided to make Orcs a non greenish color. Like sure, you can make an Orc whatever color you want to, but it’ll be kind of confusing if you don’t make them green and make some other race green because it’s just typical association at this point. DND has been around long enough that they don’t really need to care about this but I’d understand a new franchise trying to keep it simple so the focus can be on what they bring to the table vs trying to understand who is who.
Of course, and I 100% have zero issue with that adaptation. And I hope it quickly popularizes since the skin tone *shouldn’t* matter at all. My only additional two cents is I wouldn’t blame new creators with sticking with the preconceived fantasy notions. It’s hard enough to break through in fantasy imo, so I don’t think the burden should be on newcomers to do it. It should be on established content like D&amp;D like you’re saying. I think we agree ultimately, and just have different opinions on how we get to that ultimate agreement.
Well, soccer I can honestly understand because that has a very big global appeal and not as big of a domestic (to the US) appeal, and the reality is a lot of the world has leftist views globally. I agree it’s annoying as hell when like r/NFL gets political, but r/soccer just seems inevitable given the scale of the sport.
It kind of was, but as they ban more Trump subs it’s pretty much a mixed bag now. You’ll see people get upvotes for both criticism of him and praise. IMO it’s by far the most reasonable political sub. Posts that get upvotes routinely get criticized in the comments as being hypocritical or misleading. The only comments that ever get buried are from trolls.
This needs to become pasta lol
Lol, there’s literally zero debate. He won a Heisman. I highly doubt anyone in this sub has won any award in their field comparable to the Heisman for college football.
Ok, to that extent I completely agree. I interpreted that just in general, but when they start talking about US politics it is really annoying.
For as bad as B&amp;R is, at least it’s cheesy fun. I wouldn’t watch it expecting to be emotionally moved, I watch it to have fun. Sure it’s a train wreck of a movie, but that’s what makes it fun. JL is too annoying to be fun because it’s not like it’s a train wreck, it’s just some executives idea of what people like. It’s almost insulting to that extent. Like, I don’t have an issue with Whedon as a director. I have an issue with the fact that some person at WB thought we were all dumb enough to think that just because Avengers was a good movie means slapping the same tone/director on DC magically gives them billions of dollars. I get it’s hard to let artistic vision fully take over a superhero property because there’s a lot of people who need to approve it and the studio has a lot of interests to protect, but that sure as hell doesn’t make the solution producing a movie as bland as JL. I don’t think I’ve ever considered JL *bad*, it’s just easily the blandest thing I’ve ever seen.
Not to mention, how do you ever expect to attract legitimately talented directors if they’re not allowed to interpret the character as they see? Going for perfect cannon leads to extremely bland stories. If you’re not challenging the viewer, you’re not giving them anything. It works for characters that have never been portrayed on the big screen before but that’s basically it. Bland works for exactly one movie.
What does that have to do with them failing minorities though? When people talk about management, it honestly baffles me. Like ownership I suppose is unfortunate but I have no idea what the solution for that is outside of just giving a team to a minority because they’re a minority. But management... do people seriously think any team in any sport actively discriminates against minority athletes? Like, would someone pass up Ronald Acuna or Mookie Betts for their skin color? Obviously not. Everyone wants the best roster possible. Fans don’t see color, at least not enough of them do to matter. So why exactly do we believe teams throw away this logic for the people running the team??
Peart has absolutely no business starting at RT as a rookie.
I think it’s just because there isn’t as big of an emotional attachment to the MCU characters. Like, you could make Black Widow an actual spider and as long as the movie is good I don’t think a large chunk of people would care that much. We might see people care more in the future now that Marvel is significantly more popular, but at the incarnation of the MCU they had a lot of flexibility because people didn’t really care.
Honestly I don’t even care if they end up with Gates or Flemming like you said, my whole point is what you said, Peart should be the last option at tackle.
&gt; You're saying they had too much on their plate to add Plagueis, but I don't think they really did since the only half-passable character arc we got was Kylo. Yes... ultimately. But they had arcs planned for many more characters like Finn, Poe, Leia, Hux, Phasma, etc. The point is the bailed on those (at various times) because they clearly realized it was way too much. It was flat and lifeless because they couldn’t focus on them.
