&lt;&lt;CRIPPLING ANXIETY INTENSIFIES&gt;&gt;
I didn’t play it, but at clear that this game wasn’t meant for people like us. It was meant for people that bought a Wii solely for Wii Sports. It wasn’t meant for Polygon to talk about it, it was meant for USA Today to write a story about it. Nintendo made an attempt, probably not a great one, but they made an attempt to try and light that spark again. Low-risk, potentially high-reward.
If you can still log in to an MMO and find enough people still playing to enjoy the experience, that doesn’t qualify to me as a “dead game.” Compare this to something like Evolve or Battleborn, those are dead games.
Not every follower likes every post. Hell, I don’t even see a good half if not more of posts from pages I follow, it’s more of an instrument of familiarity than it is a vehicle for entertainment.
“Mike, why are all of these gay pornos?”
&lt;&lt;CRIPPLING ANXIETY INTENSIFIES&gt;&gt;
Only reason I let this slide.
Players with shitty attitudes get backup jobs all the time. Players recovering from four surgeries don’t.
That’s the model the Packers run. You find them year after year putting a quality product on the field, players that actually want to be there for their entire career, and have a good locker room culture. Sometimes you see a few changes here and there. And it works for everyone. Mike Brown just runs a discount version of it because he’s a cheap asshole that fears change.
Does he really need to sell this shit? He’s Tom Brady and the royalties alone on what he’s done will set him for life. Also his wife makes more money than he does. Just coast, dude.
I don't know about the "no RNG in Rocket League." Sometimes pinches and hits can go in a way that you're absolutely not expecting, but that's more the physics engine than anything.
Lets not get ahead of ourselves here.
The one where he looks so fucking dumbfounded that his lack of halftime adjustments made him lose another game?
Wouldn’t vote for him but I hope all the best for him and his family.
Even after a couple of parking tickets it was way cheaper for me to just go a little earlier and find street parking. Sometimes it was a pain in the ass and if end up using the garage if I was in a hurry, but absolutely fuck paying $500 a semester for parking.
Damn, I was really hoping for a good story and the boss would give her a raise. What a shitty person he is. I hope she sues the shit out of him.
I highly recommend catching the A Link to the Past Randomizer Race next Sunday. It's fun to watch runners route the game differently, especially if they get a particularly mean seed.
Is it diabetes, or depression?
Even the aftermath of what happened is mind boggling. * SuperNova released and had shitty cabinets and a “feature” that adjusted the syncing. So if you played with players that knew what they were doing, great. But then some random person plays and has no idea or sense of rhythm and the machine would literally need three credits worth of play to get it back to normal. They didn’t release e-amuse in the States either so they didn’t have online connection, so they had to print and ship a few thousand PS2 discs to arcades and maybe they updated them. Oh, and there is no legitimate way to play every song or chart in the game outside of Challenge Mode. * Konami had a location test for SuperNova2 and it seemed like they were learning their lessons. There was talk of e-amuse support (I actually got a card from this event and still use it over a decade later). But then they didn’t ship as many cabinets and upgrade kits were too expensive for the big players in the arcade business to care. You were lucky to have one within 200 miles of you. * X was a fucking mess. They still go with Betson after not learning their lesson. * X2 was glorious if you had one...until you encountered some weird bug where the left and right panels would also work as the left and right selection arrows on the machine. X2 had a feature where you could change the speed mods in the first few measures of a song, so if there’s a left or right arrow in the first few measures of a song, you’re either playing 1x or 5x. Still no e-amuse and Betson/Raw Thrills provided no way to fix this. * No X3, 2013, or 2014 releases. * The Midwest US had few A cabinets. The nearest Round 1 (or Dave and Busters that has one) to me is 4 hours away. I played on one a few weeks ago while visiting family and it’s everything I’ve wanted out of Konami for a decade. People have been giving Konami shit for the past few years but when they complain, all I can say is ask any American DDR player what Konami is like because as a community we’ve been dealing with their bullshit since 2005.
I believe they only released it was so they could sue Harmonix (because they still had a patent going for the original Guitar Freaks, and a partnership with Activision on Guitar Hero) during the Rock Band craze. Literally nobody cared about Rock Revolution except for Pantera.
Competitive Rhythm Gaming is essentially like Golf. It’s fun and takes a lot of work to get good, but the competitive aspect is miles behind fighting games and MOBAs which dominate the e-sports environment. You’re not really playing against your opponent, you’re playing against the course and whoever does better wins. There aren’t mind games or ways to really “get ahead” like in other games. And I say this as someone who’s played DDR for 15 years. The competitive scene has and always will be limited to the community and the publisher.
I imagine they get a lot of media from outside China so they’ve probably gotten really good at subbing over the years.
They’re also releasing it a few weeks after Avengers 3. I don’t think they have a lot of confidence in it.
And Yoshi is an actual fucking dinosaur.
https://youtu.be/KlLMlJ2tDkg
They love Christopher Nolan and RLM to pieces. I don’t think they’re too conflicted over Jay’s three word review because it’s been takes about to death.
FWIW you guys have fantastic beer. Now fix your shitty distribution laws so that the rest of us can enjoy it.
Especially when you get into post-credits game content, where the difficulty gets fairly challenging but never to the point where it’s unfair or loses it’s fun factor. Obviously it’s not in the level of Souls-likes or Bullet Hells but do we really want that in a game like this? We’ve known what the game is going to be like no different than what a new Batman movie would be—some new elements mixed with an established platform. The reviewer also said he played all the 3D Mario games and Odyssey twice in preparation for this video. Of course it’s going to be easy and he’s going to get burnout from it.
It will be with the inevitable second expansion.
You are now a moderator of /r/unlimitedbreadsticks
Because while talking about the "culture of outrage," they neglect to realize that they getting outraged by the culture of outrage and bring more attention to them instead of just leaving them alone to their thoughts.
See also, "Binders full of women."
FF15 is going to be a huge case study when it comes to supporting what is essentially a single player experience as deep as they have. It was in development for a decade and SE absolutely does not want to tarnish its reputation on their flagship franchise, but at the same time I feel like a lot of these updates, free or paid, are going to be missed by so many people as many more games have come and gone since then. Hell, I’m still catching up on masterpieces that were missed in 2017. Seeing what the final update will be and comparing it to 1.0 will be very, very fascinating.
Yeah, but only in bite-sized chunks. Nintendoland’s games were more traditional and had better design.
I mean it’s from the same guy who brought us Braid, which had its point and spoke to players, in addition to having clever platforming elements. I suppose people thought they’d get more of the same.
They had launch bundles where it was included.
I’m convinced we’re all in an Alternate Universe because the Cubs won the World Series in 2016 and this is one of the consequences.
Which also explains Yamcha.
CRIPPLING ANXIETY SEASON
Usually when there are class action lawsuits, it makes the news. There are all sorts of websites that keep track of them and they all have law firms building the correct websites and infrastructure for their cases and payouts. They also don't go person to person asking for this kind of info. Their goal is to not have to pay out as much as they can!
Holy shit, I want that be a thing.
People were booing Palmer for demanding a trade but the fact of the matter is that he was right. He was not going to win anything under Marvin Lewis or Mike Brown, and while he had a few rough seasons he ended up getting a couple playoff wins under his belt, which is more than what he could say than in his time in Cincy.
Not to mention college basketball nearing the tournament in a month or so.
https://i.imgur.com/ChR0jVV.gifv
Given the almost corporate-like structure of the Church, it wouldn't shock me if a few parishes strayed slightly from the norm.
THE STOVE IS PLUGGED IN
You’re forgetting that they’re not exactly getting local tax breaks out of this deal, either. I imagine the property tax and revenue coming from a new stadium, as well as revenue from a revitalized West End, would eclipse the $70 million they’re asking for.
It amazes me, really. Jurassic Park came out in 1993 with a similar budget and even in 2018 it looks really good. Jumanji came out in 1995 and is just bleh looking. I know CGI was a new thing to Hollywood back then but the difference is staggering.
Especially at night! The lighting on a lot streets really suck around here, and any issues they try and resolve either make it worse or are just a band-aid. Case in point: Hyde Park Square. People can cross into the square from the sidewalk but all that’s there is a yellow sign that’s barely visible at night. So the city decided instead of putting lighted signs or a lighted crosswalk (if you’ve driven in Deer Park you’ll have seen some), they put actual metal signs *in the street itself* where it’s bound to get run over and/or damage cars.
They seem to be OK with people waiting on sales then. Which is whatever, but I Am Setsuna has been on my list of things to play since it came out and there have been so many more titles since then that I can’t help but wonder if more aggressive pricing could have helped me pull the trigger sooner.
Forget DatDude2012, This guy is DatDude3012.
WooooooOOOOOOOOOOOOahhhhhh
Lots of people are still playing it, but it's definitely not the behemoth it once was. Valve also had a golden opportunity to make TF2 their flagship e-sports title but instead waited until DOTA2 and CS:GO were made.
Bootstraps, Gary! Fiscal responsibility, Gary! Private Market, Gary!
MATT DAMON! MATT DAMON!
Which would be ridiculous given the very positive feedback received from the Octopath Traveler demo. SD3 is almost the same premise (though different gameplay) and fans have been wanting to play an official English release for decades. It’s a no brained. Get it working on console and have a small team translate it. Easy money.
Even then, it’s a frustrating gameplay element. Imagine playing Pokémon and instead catching them with poke balls, you got a random bag of pokeballs and each one had a different one in them, like the Burger King toys. The fun no longer comes from searching for a particular Blade or the adventure of the side quest, it’s mashing A until you get a Blade that isn’t garbage and then playing the game. That said, I did enjoy XBC2 but I didn’t understand the need to keep using Core Crystals after I got Poppi QT π and two good healers for Nia.
It was certainly better than the second movie, maybe not a “satisfying” ending to the trilogy, but I enjoyed it enough to recommend it to those that saw the first two.
"Yeah but those quotes aren't about homosexuality or whatever so they don't count." - Far right wing Evangelicals, probably
Dammit, Portzy.
Paris. The locals are somewhat rude to tourists. My wife has gotten pickpocketed there, and the police couldn't have cared less. Some of the sights are cool and the Louvre is always a nice spot for an afternoon but a lot of the other things there are overrated.
The first movie is actually pretty decent and would have been fine as a stand-alone film. It’s got some crazy dystopian Lord of the Flies deal going on, and it’s written well enough to stay engaged throughout. The second movie is a fucking mess. Once the kids leave WCKD (which, really, why not just call them Bad Guy Corporation?) it falls apart into some weird cross between Mad Max and The Walking Dead with none of the fun parts. There’s even a drug tripping scene and it’s just bizarre, and betrayal for the sake of moving the plot along, and endless loud gunfights and other things shoehorned in. The third movie is definitely better than I thought it would be because it’s more controlled but you can tell the author wrote himself into a corner. To me, I think the author had a really good idea for one book and then his publisher told him to make a trilogy, so his first thought was, “uhhhh, zombies are still cool right?” Which is fine, I guess, since it was published first in 2009. And then it blew up and they wanted him to make prequel books. This isn’t really a spoiler for the films but it turns out Thomas (the main character) built the maze in the first place before getting his memory wiped. It seems like it just got way out of control and he couldn’t salvage it creatively after his neat idea for Book 1. So, if you haven’t seen the first Maze Runner, I recommend it because it’s pretty solid, but don’t go watching the second one because you’ll be disappointed. But, if you do, the third one sort of makes up for it but still leaves some to be desired.
The monsters are great, but it goes to show how stupid WCKD is when they don’t use them to fight the rebels, considering how powerful they are. It just goes back to the point as to how poorly written the second and third movies are, and probably the books by proxy.
Only because now I eat five dozen eggs.
And Microsoft would probably do a good job keeping a brand going and remaining popular even after hitting its peak. See also: Minecraft.
Don’t even need to talk about Kings or Mason. Even a lesser tier district like Deer Park (where I live) would flip out if local leadership merged with CPS. Especially since in 2016 we voted to give Amity Elementry a boatload of money for renovations and new staffing.
I’m not sure how it works in NJ but most states have a clause that will allow you to get out of a lease if you have to move for your job that’s a certain distance away. I have to imagine NJ would have a good amount of leniency here if you give your landlord a good amount of notice. Check your lease contract to see if there’s an agreement or work something out with them.
At this point they need to practice with smaller nets. I swear if even a fourth of Panarins posts went in he’d be the leagues best scorer. That luck has to change eventually, right?
butwhy.gif
*WEIRD HAND GESTURES INTENSIFIES*
A big thing I’ve noticed is that the major networks are going ham on it, just they can say, “the show was on ABC which is owned by Disney” just so that Fox and Comcast can take cheap shots at their competitor. Bottom line here is mega corporations pushing outrage buttons.
But they were also against the tax cuts, which they can argue weren’t needed and only benefitted the mega wealthy. Middle class won’t see those effects right away.
We can purify fresh water, but we're still a long way out from making desalination affordable for most coastal municipalities in the US. I think there are some cities in California that have them (San Diego?) but the vast majority still rely on rivers for their primary source of water.
It isn't but Americans still go with it because they think it's healthier/cleaner, or at least they thought so a few decades ago. Source: I'm a 32 year old Catholic male with no foreskin.
Not even the treatment of animals, but also how they're raised. My wife almost exclusively drinks almond milk now because of a documentary she watched on the treatment of factory cows. I only buy grass-fed beef because it's more nutritious and tastes way better than grain-fed beef, plus it's harder for factory farming to pull off so it's more environmentally friendly. I've even considered mixing the ground beef I buy with mushrooms so that it still satisfies umami taste buds and can make a pound of beef go further. People's eating habits have changed not only for health reasons but also for humane treatment of animals and environmental consequences.
It doesn't have to be, especially if there are more human-based jobs gained than those phased out by automation. That said, with our education starting to lag behind other developed nations and the uncertainty of what new industries will be created in that time frame, it's something we have to be open to.
Source?
Why does it hurt so much?
I make $70k and got a ~$900 performance bonus that had absolutely nothing to do with the tax cuts. I'd be floored if that was in the five digits.
He escaped from the Hot Topic!
She takes pride in her pudginess, I’m just here to share it!
We’re not Detroit!
It's why Herman Cain and Ben Carson lasted as long as they did in their primaries, because they got the attention of being rare conservative blacks in America despite zero political experience.
It would probably be a deal they'd take, too. We'd probably have to give up a top-round pick but they'll probably need the contract to get to the floor anyway.
&gt;He mocked Romney over Russia being our number one geo - political enemy, saying he can take his 1980s policy back. Of course the media and left really enjoyed that. And yet Russia seems to have ruined all the liberal dreams under his watch if we are to believe the tears. I can definitely feel that one. I thought Romney’s comment in that debate came out of nowhere for a lot of people so that’s why it was mocked as such, but that was about the most honest thing Romney did or said during his Presidential run. It was definitely a sign of things to come and we all missed it. Obama did learn that lesson the hard way and pressed Putin with harsh economic sanctions years later after Russia escalated conflicts in Crimea, Georgia, and Syria. I still see the photo of those two and their interpreters and think man this is getting heated and we don’t know anything about it. Turns out Obama had Putin in a corner which caused the Russian interference in our elections and social media. We could have done more to see this coming.
https://goo.gl/images/1HyWUH Taken during the peak of the conflict, at the G20 Summit.
Yeah they suck this year but the Reds are a time-honored tradition and Baseball is hardly in Europe. It’s worth the experience.
Oh ho ho baguette
And there's going to be a ton of developers trying to recreate the magic for the next few years with many, many failures.
Bozak would be an interesting pick up on a one or two year deal, but I also have to wonder if he would think Toronto has a shot to go deep or if he's ready to jump ship for more money or a potentially better team. I feel like Riley Nash is going to get overpaid and he's going to be looking for the highest bidder. He's also fairly inconsistent and has only scored 40 points once in his career. I'd rather let our young centers get a shot or splurge on Tavares.
Especially if the Canes are looking for a playoff push this season. They're so close but a move within the division would have to come at a premium.
I look at the Rangers, and even late 2000's Buffalo for a similar situation. They were close to a Cup for so many seasons and kept mortgaging their future on short term bets that didn't pay off. And when they fell, they fell really hard that takes several seasons to even out. I think at some point they need to put their foot down and make smart trades for sure, but I don't know if Skinner is the guy that could take us to the next level when we have PLD, Werenski, Anderson, and others already contributing and not even hitting their peaks yet.
I could totally see Korpi getting moved if the front office thinks Elvis will be ready to go a season from now, and then they can pick up a veteran backup for cheap for one season.
::sniffs around for a half hour, ignores commands to come inside, eats poop::
They’re not exactly getting a bargain, though. All the public projects and facilities are vastly inferior to those across the river, and most of the jobs in the area are on the Ohio side.
Yeah I was surprised they were able to tear down the building so quickly. I drove past it this morning since it's on my way to work, it looks like a completely different neighborhood with Coffee Exchange out. Molly's had some pretty significant damage too so I wouldn't be shocked if it were closed for the next several weeks.
Shit even the Dark Universe got a reboot between Victor Frankenstein and The Mummy. Universal might even try again with a connected universe in a few years. I know those hardly count but they won’t stop trying over and over until they get a billion dollar movie out of one of these ideas.
They’ve said that about a lot of markets, but ultimately the NHL realizes they’d need to grow the sport globally and this is a prime opportunity to get Australia interested and can do the same here as they did for the southern US.
lol of course I'm not advocating putting an NHL team in Australia, that'd be ridiculous. I'm referring to *growing the sport* and getting exposure for the AIHL, which over time can lead to more NHL-caliber players and potentially appearances in the World Hockey Championships and stuff.
A lot of corn production in the US goes into making fuels, and other non-food products. I don't think land is an issue as least as far as that is concerned.
Should Endymion Challenge be considered a 20? It's above and beyond what the other 19s are, IMO. I'd really like to see what they would consider a 20 to be.
Wonderful 101 is a fantastic game and I wouldn’t hesitate to get it again for PC or Switch. When Platnium is given the keys to go nuts they absolutely deliver.
Given how well Bayonetta 2 did for Switch I’d have to imagine they’d try and re-release W101
They said that for Bayonetta a while back, too.
His interviews with actors and comedians are usually a lot better. Jimmy’s a sports fan but he has to wrap that with his style of comedy and it doesn’t always work.
At the top of my head I would think that Price could do well in a place like Philly if they could also pick up some defense. Montreal could very well be big sellers in this year's free agency.
At only 3 mil per I could see why he would. Most 2nd pairing capable defensemen can make more per year, and if Jack gets his groove back he could be worth way more.
I think someone will overpay him and he'll get a better look as a dependable 2nd/3rd pairing veteran presence for the future. At the very least I think he's capable of pulling 4M for at least 3 years and then bits and pieces after that. Given the OP, I almost wonder if Montreal is just trying to pay for him to get trade bait when another team inevitably needs a defenseman, and will retain salary just to get another pick/prospect out of it. 6M is obviously way too much for him but again someone of Jack's experience should be able to consistently make over 4.
In all honesty he was only blinded for one round which I don't think makes sense (because if you get sand in your eyes you're definitely incapacitated for more than six seconds) but it got me out of a tough pickle so in the future I may consider this an option.
Why is TitleMax sponsoring this infographic?
I don't know about the Westside but there are plenty of these types of apartment complexes in Deer Park.
That last point is kind of already being done through temp/contract agencies. Unfortunately they’re able to just take on however many people they want and lay off when they go too far with reckless abandon, there simply aren’t enough protections for the worker in this regard.
First thing I thought of: https://youtu.be/zeRQD0tK8h0
They shouldn't. Oxycontin is intended to be used twice a day. Some people make the arguments that it can be tolerated three time a day due to faster metabolisms, and there is evidence to support that, but never fast enough that it would be needed four times a day. That's essentially giving two days worth every day, which can accumulate in the body and absolutely fuck up your nervous system. When they started to crack down on TID/QID dosing, most providers switched to the short-term version which can be taken every four to six hours. Oh yeah, we were getting prescriptions for like six 80mg tablets QID, which equals out to monthly supply of 720 tablets. The short of it is that we suspected the patient to be selling a good portion of it and taking just enough of it to pass a drug test to ensure that he was using it. But rather than interrogate the patient, we asked the drug manufacturer for their input and made a store policy out of it which spread to other locations. I cannot say the same level of engagement is being followed independently at other stores, especially those that are constantly understaffed and just trying to get through the day. Either way, at that level of opioid use it is generally recommended to seek additional treatment options because at that point you may as well be shooting heroin.
It's how a lot of CEOs and executives get paid at big companies. They might make $1 Million in salary but the rest of their income is in the form of shares of the company, so yeah it's kind of a normal occurrence to file some FTC papers a few months before you cash out on those.
My family owns a timeshare in Calafel, and yeah while Barcelona is great people should really look into staying in one of those small beach towns for a week and just taking a day trip or to the big city since it’s just a short train ride away.
Calling them “terrible working conditions” isn’t going far enough either. It’s basically slavery.
Awakened one: yo pass the power Me: you better not get crazy powerful Awakened one: *SCREEEEEEEEE*
I’m a Spaniard so I totally get that. :) Yeah the Siesta really throws people off when they go to Spain but you can still grab a bite to eat or visit a site otherwise.
I feel like if this ends up happening, the Scots will have another independence referendum for the sole purpose of going back to being in the EU. There's a lot to think about here.
Give this guy a fuckin pizza.
I remember going to a Smash tournament like a decade ago that was in an indie GameStop-like store. There couldn’t have been more than fifty entrants but there was certainly not a lot of room and was probably a fire hazard, but the owners made it work because instead of having shelves and shelves of used games, they kept them behind the counter and had a catalogue to browse if you wanted something. And then the older cartridges were on rolling tables that they moved to the back for the event so they could have stations set up. GameStop had a lot of cash to do stuff like this and instead of buying fewer, larger stores they opted for more, but smaller stores in an effort to flood the market with quantity over quality.
They probably liquidated them ages ago. That and collectors know that the best value for your dollar will come from selling them on Amazon, eBay, and everything in between.
That’s kind of the beauty of how RLM operates. It used to be you *had* to go to the big market areas to get the skills needed to pull this sort of stuff off. Now the skill floor has been raised so high that anybody could sit for 20-40 hours on how to edit and produce videos and make them good enough for quality YouTube content.
I can’t say for LeafIsHere because I’ve never heard of the guy, but I’m sure plenty of people were inspired by RLM to make video essays, which I actually enjoy. I doubt that RLM was the start of these as there have been other commentators before them and they will continue to begin long after RLM stops operating. /r/mealtimevideos is a good sub for these as well as longer videos, documentaries, and more.
Svechinkov falling to 4 wouldn’t be unprecedented. Seth Jones was expected to be number 1 on some boards but at least Top 3 in most, and he fell to 4. Different teams have different needs.
Dammit, Sean Connery!
Edmonton would have to move a shitload of cap space if they wanted to sign Panarin though.
In India, they play their anthem before movies. Movies! I’d be so fucking annoyed.
It’s not necessarily about the ID itself as it’s about making it so that it costs money, which essentially makes it a poll tax which is unconstitutional, and the fact that there are only so many places you can get a voter ID made, which is an issue of time spent getting it and distance needed for a lot of areas. If voter IDs were free, and you can get them made at the post office or a library or a school or a local government center, you’d see a lot less opposition for them. But because the states that enacted them first tried to make them cost money to cut out the poor voters, and then made it so that you had to go to the DMV at the other side of town and wait for over an hour to again cut out the poor voters, it’s easy to see why Democrats scoff at the idea.
When everything is a controversy, nothing is a controversy.
Beards just hold extra of whatever you’re drinking for later!
Maybe, but if push came to shove I think having those concessions (being free and painlessly easy to obtain) would make it much more palpable for even strong Party-liners.
Clearly the screenshot is for the one true Pokémon god, Missingno.
Hopefully this is something that can be patched in quickly. It shouldn’t have to take a long time because...it’s fucking tennis.
Fuck that, I want that abomination with the trumpets and music notes on it.
That’s because Mike Brown only cares about one thing: money. The Reds obviously care about it too but they understand what they mean to the city and like to be involved in local events and up and coming trends too. Fans will be back in droves when they’re competitive again.
Raids and Community Day events have really helped here. Trading should do the same, because having a high friend score gives you boosts during raids. I’ve played PoGo since launch and it really is getting a lot better as time goes by.
He will have already destroyed his liver from the Thundercats remake, the He-Man remake, and every other 80’s franchises they haven’t raped yet.
It’s true but at the same time they can’t oversaturate the 2D fighting game market, especially for such a niche franchise. That said they do own the characters so it would be nice to see a few of them make their way into other Capcom games or be given games of their own that don’t necessarily have to be 2D fighters.
That’s almost why I want to go ahead and sign Cole. We’re in “win-now” mode, and he fits in well. I’d rather sign him and deal Murray in some sort of package deal that gets us a center.
Thunderdome! Thunderdome!
Because TFA was too big to make it a launch title for a streaming service, way too risky. Now that we’re four films into the new franchise they can try this method and see if it sticks or not.
Good for them! It’s a really silly law.
The thing I fear is that if we wait to at least discuss it before it’s too late then we will see the consequences before we have a plan. I think an easier sell to the American people would be advocating rent control, Medicare for All, and making college more affordable. Find the causes of where we’re spending too much as a people and fix those first.
I don’t think Boone is worth 4AAV though. He need to produce more. He certainly can but he needs to show it.
You get XP for reaching a threshold with a friend. You also get discounts and attack bonuses at different levels, too.
“Postcard from FIND SHINY DEALS AT SPRINT”
Pierre McGuire will remind us of this four times a week, even when Pittsburgh isn’t playing.
Yeah but nobody knows anything about us in the states. :(
I’m still baffled by that offer. The term is atrocious.
I've done it at the Kenwood Mall parking garage before. Plenty of cameras there. But yes, I would feel much safer doing it at a police station.
https://m.facebook.com/groups/487629124643497
I really thought we should have kept Calvert, but it is what it is. Hopefully our prospects are ready to fill his role on the team, give that man a video tribute, he’s done some historic things for our team. JJ has some solid years and was a leader on the team, but he’s getting older and slower and won’t be worth what he’ll be getting paid. Hope the best for him.
We only got him for a mid-level prospect and a mid-round pick.
I miss Vine. :(
Why should there be an issue with a Congressional deadline for states to ratify the amendment? The 27th Amendment took 202 years to get ratified and it was allowed to be added to the Constitution. What's a few decades? The precedent has already been set.
Man I would love Amazon Video to just shadow drop a subbed version on January 1. Hopefully the Western response to Documental gives them the push.
Be sure to report him to the mods of the Islanders sub. Shit like that isn’t tolerated by any hockey subreddit.
I once heard a patient give the excuse, "Well I couldn't get there before 10PM because American Idol is on at 9!" JFC
I got a cigar and a tall glass of bourbon waiting for me when that day comes.
At that point I'd just let it fucking happen. And then when the next billionaire wants to bring the NFL to Cincinnati, they'll have to play by the county's rules when it comes to where they play and how the stadium gets financed and seeing how the new FC Cincinnati stadium is getting built on almost entirely private funding it's going to happen that way. We love our Reds, and FC Cincinnati is the hottest thing in town right now. If the Bengals leave and then, I dunno, the Cyclones move to the AHL or if the local colleges pick up speed, people wouldn't miss the Bengals and we'd love whatever replaces Paul Brown Stadium.
Although I blame Marvin for the coaching decisions, the blame ultimately falls on Mike Brown for being the de facto GM of the team and consistently making this team a disappointment for 30 years. Can't fault Marvin for getting paid.
You see that chimp? Fucker must weigh 400 pounds. Jesus it’ll rip you to shreds.
Blur was so much fun, but that online scene died very quickly.
"So Bill would you like to join this organization?" "That dumpster fire? lol no" "Thank you for your time."
Peace Pipe and Girya too. If I’m at full health and don’t really need to upgrade anything I may want to remove a strike or take a free +1 strength instead.
IT BETTER BE KRAKEN I LOVE THAT NAME
For all we know we could re-sign Bobrovsky and Panarin and then two years later one of them will be kicking and screaming to get out of Columbus. Way too fucking early to tell.
Beautiful.
Marvin Lewis and the dumbfounded look on his face when he’s losing
Where’s the beef?!
Not that I’m defending Mixon for that but I’m holding a 26 year old NFL player to a much higher standard than someone fresh out of high school. Every. Single. Time.
Oh yeah now my morning sucks
He still has that Dirt Lip whenever he tries to grow facial hair. Dude needs to let it go.
Could this be overridden by a ballot initiative?
I guess, but $30 is about what $20 would have been worth back then. The updated visuals is obviously the big difference here. I'm not sure how else to defend it, the game is an absolute classic and the soundtrack alone is worth half of the price tag. A $50 or $60 release definitely would have given me pause though.
So a $3.33 difference. I don't get the argument of "Oh this is just a over-priced cash grab." We've been paying $60 for big game releases for almost 20 years now and with microtransactions and other money-grabbing schemes being the norm I think that's really starting to catch up.
Pretty much this. CBJ's owner ended up choosing Blue Jackets because he wanted the name to have something with "Blue" in it. For the first few years it was kind of lame but eventually it got spun into a Civil War theme and we brought in the Cannon. Even poorly chosen names can end up being awesome if you go all-in on the flair and design.
It’s a bit of a drive but I think a Round 1 is set to open in Milwaukee pretty soon. They should have an Ace, and probably people to play with.
Ah yes, the, “Bengals are totally going to be good this year” years.
I don’t know why that line of thought is apparently owned by a political ideology. If you’re old enough to risk your life you’re old enough to make your own decisions. Plain and simple.
Doesn’t matter. If we keep Marvin that pick will sit on the bench for two seasons. If we let Hue take over he’ll want a really loopy pick and run him into the ground. If Mike Brown gets to make the pick he’ll turn down a ridiculous trade offer to take whatever awful pick is on the board.
Hollywood does this with movies and it’s stupid. There are some really good Chinese films and they have different standards and tastes than Western films, which is totally fine! But then Disney and WB and Universal want their one movie to be cookie cutter for every market on the planet and it’s simply not possible. If big game companies follow suit it’s probably not going to work in their favor.
That extra musk will get them to not come close to you at least.
But if the photographer *is* gay?
They're good for stress and appetite suppression. Obviously that doesn't outweigh all the awful things tobacco does, but it can be used in some things.
WE WANT TEN
I've said this in a different thread: &gt;I think people just didn't care about F-Zero as much as they say they do. People LOVE Captain Falcon because of Smash Bros., but it would shock me if casual fans of the franchise could name five other characters in F-Zero without looking it up. And sure, F-Zero GX sold 1.5 million copies which isn't bad at all, but it was also made by another studio which to me says that Nintendo just doesn't know how to make a good game in this genre using today's technology and quite frankly aren't as interested in it as they would for other franchises. &gt;The niche has been met with Wipeout and other fast-paced racing games. Nintendo makes way more out of Mario Kart so why have two competing car racing games? Give me a Captain Falcon beat 'em up, though.
And it was made by just one guy, too.
I’m a simple man. I see “Fuck Jeff Carter,” I upvote.
Just about everything is twice as expensive in Japan.
If it's a slow roller that the kid misses then it's nbd. You get the same player to do it again so the kid makes the save. If it's some sort of crazy acrobatic puck handling then that kid has a story to tell and it's cool as shit!
The nanosecond the Browns try and hold the county hostage in 2026 I'm going to be at every public County meeting until the Browns either decide to stop being cheap or fuck off to St. Louis.
Indie game of the year, easily.
“Good thing I’m not a chimp. Jesus I would have ripped him to shreds.”
Isn’t the VA massively underfunded?
I gotta imagine the top Democratic brass is going to start discouraging candidates from starting campaigns if they start getting like 7 or 8 for the Iowa Caucus. Republicans had like 17 or 18 in 2016 and most then just flat out sucked. If they dilute the pool they’re going to get a lot of infighting and too much coverage for candidates that won’t matter.
Badass and drunkard? Definitely from Cincinnati.
Katamari Damacy just got a remake for the Switch. It still plays, looks, and sounds just as amazing as it did in 2004.
A bridge from Kennedy Heights to Oakley Station would be welcomed IMO. Every time we go down there we take the Ridge Ave Exit on 71-S, and then snake all around the area until we take a hard right onto Calvert, then weave all around Target/Meijer until we get to Cinemark. It’s pretty frustrating but that Kroger is awesome and we go to the movies a lot. Honestly nothing will really change until the rest of Oakley and the old abandoned buildings get cleared out and redeveloped, but the whole area needs a good traffic redo especially with all the new shit that’s going in.
Vegas Golden Knights fans would like to have a word with you.
*Slaps sammykleege*
Go ahead and add Filatov and to a lesser extent Zherdev to that list as well. Our mid-00's picks were one steaming pile of garbage after the next and Doug MacLean gets most of the blame for building the team the way he did.
I'd watch the fuck out of that knowing that it would probably be terrible.
Structurally it's great, but when you play 82 games a year only watching your team play the same three teams over and over again gets dull, especially if they're not even close matches. I'd much rather be able to play every team as often as we do now and watch rivalries be born in the playoffs.
So essentially The Simpsons.
That's nothing. Ever get the guy that smells? Like, 500+ pounds and can't physically wipe his own ass? And then he wants to use your bathroom? And then he sits in your waiting area while you fill his 12 prescriptions? And then his smell lingers not just in the pharmacy but everywhere in the store that he went so you not only have to spray everything down but you also have to convince the store manager to open a few box fans to get the shit smell out of there otherwise it would stick around for three straight days? Oh, and now the bathroom is shut down because he somehow managed to get shit on the wall? I don't miss pharmacy work at all.
I'm about as left as you could get without going far off the deep end, but I'm glad we have people like Crenshaw that can articulate the long-term consequences of this. The fact that he's only 34 really helps too because he understands the issues facing our generation right now as well. I think it'll be a lot easier to have discussions with Republicans our age than the 70-80 year old Representatives still using paper memos and fax machines to communicate.
It's not a cult classic, it's by and large the most lauded of all the Final Fantasy games.
And honestly if the only way you could get the mod running is if you purchased the Steam release of FF6, SE would probably just let it slide because it's certainly not moving any copies in its current state.
Adding to this, light to moderate alcohol consumption has been linked to a number of positive health benefits: lower blood pressure, better mood/less stress, lower cholesterol, increased longevity. There are phytochemicals found in wines with a host of benefits as well. Obviously alcohol abuse is a thing and we all know the dangers of having one too many, but that’s where we need to educate our children and young adults about not drinking to excess.
My love for the Bengals has definitely been waning over the past two or three seasons but if anything my hatred for Pittsburgh has only *gotten stronger*.
You literally couldn’t pry the Stanley Cup from Ovechkin’s drunk hands in September so that’s probably why they didn’t get it done so early.
In college we got one of our female friends to use the headset while my roommate was playing. Our friend didn't play video games, but she was a master at shit talking. My roommate was pretty good at Halo to begin with, but when she was speaking for him he would just rack up kills because the other team would go out of their way to try and hunt "her" down and he'd be able to pick them off one by one as they were doing predictable things. The psychology behind this phenomenon just fascinates me.
I fear that such a policy would only exacerbate the problem with food deserts (populated areas with little to no access to healthy food) even more. A lot of grocery stores already don't want to operate in poorer towns and neighborhoods because of violence and theft, and people in these areas tend to get their food sources from stuff like convenience stores and whatnot. Slapping a 10 cent/gram sugar tax on top would probably end up shutting down a lot of these stores and provide little to no food sources for a lot of economically disadvantaged people. At best, you'd see a huge migration of people from rural areas to cities or suburbs. At worst, it could spiral into mass starvation/malnutrition and possibly even higher crime as thefts/robberies become more common just to get food on the table. There needs to be a controlled method of decreased sugar consumption. Nutrition education, decreasing the number of food deserts, subsidizing healthier foods rather than propping up the corn/sugar industry, and so forth. Brute forcing it with a high sugar tax will lead to a lot of downstream effects that will effect just about everybody. You can't change people's eating habits overnight.
A lot of these stores would have to spend tens of thousands of dollars to renovate with new refrigeration units, not to mention pricier inventory. That’s not an option for a lot of them, they’ll just close shop. There’s simply not enough money in these areas to support that, and it’s not because they look at healthy food and say they don’t want to eat it, it’s because they simply don’t have the budget for it.
Paul: Fedoras Mike: Paper Bags
I used to hate George W. I still hate him, but I used to, too.
Happens when we have two year election seasons. It’s exhausting. :/
I don't think Marvin has any major flaws in his character at all. I wish him and his family all the best and thank him for bringing the team some good memories even though he couldn't make a postseason run. He's a defensive-minded coach that is very set in his ways. He doesn't make adjustments. He challenges when he shouldn't and doesn't challenge when he should. He was notoriously poor in prime-time games and games where it was win or go home. He allows players' emotions to get the best of themselves and had a big enough lack of discipline that we would lose games that we should win. He would draft high quality players only to bench them their rookie years and stunt their growths. Plain and simple, the NFL is a league of "what have you done for me lately" and the line should have been cut in 2015, maybe 2016. He's a frustrating coach to watch because he gets outplayed every single week. When you coach for 16 years and don't change anything, other teams catch on to your antics and it's almost impossible to come back from it.
I'd also like to add that a lot of these fields: sociology, gender studies, race studies, etc., are still fairly new fields that have found significant data and conclusions regarding their studies despite the amount of unproven, theory-driven garbage that OP is suggesting. We must also remember the same was true for many fields in science that we take very seriously these days: chemistry, psychology, medicine. And we saw that a lot of the perpetrators of this sort of malpractice had ulterior motives whether it was financial or political.
The real sad thing is that what I’m describing is not really an extreme, it’s a fairly common occurrence in the United States. But still some people think that they’re not trying or they don’t care, my question for you is how do you determine if a kid doesn’t care? Do you ask them? Do you give them a lie detector test? Do you audit their entire personal life? There’s no metric to meet this and I just don’t think you’ve thought it through.
If bigots were smart, they wouldn’t be bigots.
You don’t think a consistent 55-60% disapproval rate is enough motivation?
Yeet = Power Kobe = Accuracy
How the fuck. I was in Rome last year and everything we ate was above and beyond any Mom and Pop Italian place around here, much less OG. People are weird.
It really scratches that old school JRPG itch. The kind that you can play for your entire Saturday afternoons.
I'll have to look into *The Expectant Father* when my wife gets pregnant. Thanks for the recommendation.
The only answer.
!RemindMe 90 Days “Does imadethisforonething need to swim across the Atlantic to remove Melnyk’s liver?”
I'm curious how Nashville plans on signing Duchene with their ~7M in Cap Space, and I'm sure they're going to want to keep Sissons who is likely due for a raise. Who would they buyout/trade away to make it happen? Habs will probably have ~11M to work with but they have way more 4 RFAs that they may want to keep and all of them have arbitration rights. Again, it would probably require a buyout and/or trade away. Not saying impossible but if Duchene is going to command ~10M neither of these teams would pull the trigger without giving up something.
It’s a game series where one of the monsters is a literal mime. Also ice cream. You should expect the unexpected.
Can agents talk to teams about players that haven’t been drafted yet? Just wondering because if they can, I wonder if this is just one of the reasons CBJ chose Dubois over Poolparty.
You know something is up when someone who does scouting and managing for the Finnish National Team chooses someone projected to go lower than one of his fellow countrymen.
I expect this to be the template for Reactions to Embarassing Moment Videos for decades to come. Rich Evan's laugh is like an angelic chorus of comedy.
I'm surprised they didn't try and use their publishing as a vehicle to sell Membership Cards. Right now you get bonuses on pre-owned games and trade-ins, some special sales (which I can't speak to their quality), and a subscription to Game Informer, and it's been that way for like 20 years. Between the numerous different retailers offering good sales or better membership services, the fact that they've never expanded upon this just goes to show that Gamestop executives have never left the post-Steam world. Here's a freebie: bump up the membership to $20/year and give out free copies of the games you publish. If the game is a must-play, people will buy it outright. If they put out a consistent amount of quality (three or four 7.5/10 or 8/10 games a year?), it will entice people to buy the membership and take advantage of the other perks of the membership which will bring return customers to the stores.
I can all but guarantee you that the employee that carded you sold tobacco/alcohol at some point and probably had it drilled in their head to card everyone that appears under 40. Some retailers are super strict about that.
Goddammit.
Wenstrup wouldn’t have a town hall in the western end of his district. He comes to the city to meet with donors. He goes to the sticks to talk about abortion and guns.
I have to imagine that Overwatch PVE would have to be something along the lines of Team Fortress 2's PVE. I don't know what the lasting power is for that gamemode but maybe Blizzard can improve on those mechanics.
This wouldn't work in every industry. For example, I work in Healthcare IT, and the nature of my work can be critical to supporting the frontline healthcare providers. If something goes wrong, someone needs to fix it, end of discussion. I can work an entire eight hour day at the office and have little actual output to show for it, and then all of a sudden I can get three tickets asking to get something done ASAP. Are there days that I'd love to go home after six hours? Four hours? Absolutely, but it's just not feasible in the nature of the healthcare industry where lives could be at stake. My employer makes up for this with generous PTO, work from home days, and a very accommodating work environment. The standard 9-5 M-F work week is a relic of the past, but chopping two hours off isn't the only solution that should be looked at.
There's workers' rights, and then there's intrusion. The 40-hour work week isn't even a government-mandated thing in the US (except for some public-sector jobs), it's more of a product of union development that became a near-national standard when it came to a standard job. There are such things as working too many hours for the sake of safety, like hours logged for physical labor, but companies don't have to pay overtime for any hour worked over 40, it's often used as an incentive for those that want to stay longer.
He's going to have a real hot take in the local news' Facebook comments.
Not sure why you’re getting downvoted. I love Findlay Market as much as the next Cincinnatian because of its decor, it’s history, and supporting local vendors, but it doesn’t hold a candle to Seattle’s, Detroit’s, nor Cleveland’s markets. It’s so much smaller, and not as big of a variety of shops. I’d love to see them expand somehow but I don’t know how or where they could without completely revamping the parking.
It *might* get noticed by the higher ups and they may put that into consideration if you're in line for a promotion, but generally if you are salaried you will not got paid extra for any hours you worked over 40.
Let’s all remember that Stamkos re-signing with Tampa was the third-craziest thing that happened in the NHL that day.
At this point it's probably more than 2 mil a *minute*.
Nine years, my dude. Got out and never looking back.
Namek is basically Hoth at this point.
It’s been in development for so long, and once it does release people are going to realize that SE isn’t that great at hack-and-slash games, so the hype for Part 2 will go down and the sales won’t meet their expectations. Unless Part 2 covers the rest of the game, that’ll be all she wrote. I’m very, very bearish about FF7 Remake.
He should fuck right off. If his only reasoning behind this is that they can't collect fines then he should be in a different line of work. Law enforcement shouldn't be about how much money you're bringing in.
I don't think it's fair to peg them for a lack of Metroid Prime 4 news considering they already came out and said they had to redo development from scratch, and that was only a few months ago. Maybe in a Direct later this year we'll hear something. The Switch easily has another three years before the next console cycle so perhaps a late 2020/early 2021 release isn't too farfetched.
**GORDON RAMSAY GRILLS THE COMPETITION**
The fact that FFVII Remake is like #7 or #8 on my list of hyped games for that month says a lot. 2020 is shaping up to be a hell of a year for gaming.
Ooohhh that's a spicy piece of Cincinnati History.
Used panty vending machines!
Given how China's basically having their own Holocaust at this moment, and their bullying of Hong Kong and poorer countries, I think it's time we get a lot of manufacturing out of there anyway.
DONT LET GAME SEVEN DISTRACT YOU FROM THE FACT THAT THE COLUMBUS BLUE JACKETS SWEPT THE RECORD-SETTING PRESIDENTS TROPHY WINNING TAMPA BAY LIGHTNING IN THE FIRST ROUND
Make the tiebreaker game outdoors!
I’m sure doing that would just a Delay of Game call.
Were missing Price Hill and Blue Ash?
Huh. We just went in, got a guest appearance by Jarlaxl, and then we all straight up pounded his ass.
The fact that the Flyers traded away a pick just so that they could talk to him before Free Agency means its probably going to be them.
They do play a role, but the fact of the matter is that we have allowed them to get too powerful. We're not holding them accountable when it comes to reasonable treatment of workers, reasonable environmental standards, reasonable societal standards, and so forth. They are not beholden to the people that allow them to do business, they are beholden to the wealthy that invest in them. There needs to be a balance where they can make money *and* have some decency to the world that they share with everyone else.
"This is fine."
That and in Book 5, Harry writes a letter to Sirius saying something about how Dudley broke his PlayStation. There are other examples of real-life tech being mentioned in the later books. So I'd say there was *some* integration of technology into the books, but it takes such a backseat because that's not what Harry Potter is about, and like you've said there's no reason for any of the students, staff, or villains to use it as well. It would be cool to see something more in the present-day and how Muggle/No-Maj tech is starting to catch up to the stuff that Wizards can do, but given how Rowling is heavy-handily retconning a lot of her work as is, and how The Cursed Child felt for long-time fans, and how the Fantastic Beasts movies are shaping up, I don't trust her to do the job well. She wrote seven wonderful books that mean a lot to a lot of people, but the franchise has gotten so huge and there are so many hands in the cookie jar now that anything that does happen will come out flat.
It's more of a "wink wink nudge nudge" to the fans than anything else, maybe subliminal advertising for the PS1 Harry Potter games? Anyway, Dudley breaks it, so it's kind of in character.
Four! More! Years!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oo2ASBoe5qw
I feel like there's a big market for someone like Duchene and he will easily get Skinner money, possibly as much as $10M. Nobody really knows what Panarin wants. Money? Location? Team that can win the Cup? He should also clear $10M but term to me could be all over the place.
Binnington just may get a Cam Ward-like contract. That could be good or awful.
I just don't understand how Arkansas can give us Bill Clinton and then do this shit.
Comedy especially. Carrot Top brought on prop-based comedy before people got annoyed by it. Singing comedians come and go. Mitch Hedburg's entire routines were one-liners, same with Dmitri Martin, and that style of comedy sort of faded in the late 2000's. There are niche markets for everything, crass and super dark humor is among them. There will always be comedians that can do that style correctly, but if you're the kind of person that goes to maybe one comedy show a year, that's probably not one you're going to go to. Maybe there will be a joke or two that pushes the envelope, but if you're telling standard jokes that take it way off the edge you're going to lose the room very quickly.
“Hello, naive...”
Google Translate only helps so much :(
It really makes me nervous. I’d argue our entire democracy depends on it.
That's about what I would expect. He has the talent, but he also makes a ton of mistakes. I'd hate for him to constantly be on "prove it" deals, but he's the kind of player that still needs to prove himself. And if he can't make it on this Ottawa team, he won't be able to make it anywhere in the NHL.
Doubt it, as Elvis is entering the building!
Was that the one where you had to mash A a fuckload of times? I got past it using using a spoon.
The key isn't just to make it per county lines, it's about splitting counties, cities, towns, etc., as few times as possible in order to get as equal representation as possible. So if LA County has 1/4 of the population, they should get 1/4 of the seats. No more, no less. Likewise, if there's a cluster of counties next to each other that have enough population for one seat, then you bunch them together without splitting the counties and towns.
I feel like I’ve seen ads for Spies in Disguise for like nine months now, and it releases Christmas of this year. That and Gemini Man looks...OK? I guess? And the fan reaction to him being announced as the Genie In Aladdin was lukewarm if not controversial. Will Smith just isn’t a draw any more.
Why would you sell a bootleg jersey with the country’s name spelled wrong on it? /s
Get those nasty flightless birds outta there
He's made several public appearances since this announcement. He showed up to a few cancer research events and has done interviews.
&gt; Human QoL is never worth getting a game faster or cheaper. Absolutely this. I have so many games to play nowadays that I don't need them released so quickly.
Imagine Dragons is just spicy Nickelback.
What about Saskatoon? Or Wood Buffalo?
Nice try Chad Kroger.
They've really pumped the brakes on Amiibos since the Switch launch. They're still supported, but there's far fewer meaningful things locked behind them than when it was the craze on the WiiU.
I'm sorry but I think the Sonny Milano experiment is done. At this point I'm willing to trade him for a pick, or even for a prospect on another team that's could use a change of scenery. Puljujarvi? Maybe Jarmo could knock some sense into him.
Lucic at $6M for four more years. LOL
I’m glad a lot of people say this every time something Sega-related comes up. It’s my favorite game, no question. In an era where we had a lot of doom-and-gloom storytelling in games, SoA was a massive breath of fresh air, and the exploration and combat are fun too, it still holds up.
While there wasn't a power outage where I live, I walked my dog out pretty late and with the amount of fog we had and people's outdoor lights out, the fireflies really made for a nice calming atmosphere.
We're already on track for the second-wettest year on record, [yesterday we were on pace for third-wettest](https://www.wlwt.com/article/cincinnati-on-pace-for-3rd-wettest-year-ever-and-more-rain-is-coming/28040422). I feel awful for people that live down-river from us, because they've already had enough flooding as is over the past decade. At this point I'm ready for a big ass drought.
There have been several mobile attempts. The clicker is one, but there's also an "endless runner" which really isn't endless and doesn't really do a whole lot with the Katamari anyway. They even made an honest-to-goodness mobile version of the standard gameplay, which you can't get anymore.
Elvis at 25 seems more comforting to me than Mason at any age (although his rookie year was awesome).
Honestly that's not a terrible trade. We don't have to sign *that* many players because we know Bob and Bread are basically out the door, so really only Z, Duchene, Korpi, and maybe Dzingel. I would swap out Nutivaara for Wennberg and we don't send out third out to them. It would suck that Eakin's deal is over at the end of this season but having Miller for three years would be huge on a second pairing.
thanks i hate it
You're adopted.
Mother **FUCKER**. Nashville's going all in for Duchene, aren't they.
I don't think the returns looks that bad, to be honest. They get a top 2nd rounder this year, what looks to be a solid prospect in Davies, and another 2nd and some young defensive depth. But really the point of this was to free up just over $7M in cap space, so that those stupid fossil cats can take my precious Duchene away from me.
Nashville is so ripe with excellent defense that I bet their vets could turn around Santini. Davies' stats look really solid. *AND* they get two seconds out of it. This is a great deal for NJ but a good deal for Nashville as well. People in this thread are trashing on them but at the end of the day they need cap space and just got $7M+ of it.
Hype was all it was. Eventually people will get tired of not winning and move on to something else, and that drastically effects long-term player attachment. And now the genre-of-the-week is Auto Chess. It won't be long before that market gets saturated too and then someone will come up with something else.
Exactly. You guys will basically have all the money in the world and some quality players coming up too. NJ totally dad dicked us.
He's only got one year left, though. It's a lot more palatable now than when he got dealt to Vegas.
THIS IS A FUCKING FAMILY SHOW
If white supremacists were smart, they wouldn’t be white supremacists.
What’s interesting to me about all of this is that they went through all this trouble to release SD3 for a western audience, but did not do the same to translate and release Secret of Evermore, which also came out in 1995, for an eastern audience. Not that I’m complaining personally, but it would have been a very bold bridging of gaming cultures. Having that game instead of SD1 would have made this an instant purchase for me.
Oh I’m not saying that it was necessarily for drugs, alcohol, etc. Just more of an observation. Plus the instance of getting asked was so rare that it’s basically a non-issue.
I feel like the answer is going to be Korpi/Elvis moving forward, unless someone wants to trade to us for Korpi's rights, and I feel like that window closed with this year's draft.
Also, fuck the Cards.
Even if it was because you guys were stacked on LHD, and the fact that he'll be out for a few months, that is a shit return for him alone. The fact that you gave up an additional prospect and got Forsberg in return is absolutely mind boggling. Maybe they plan on luring some free agent in and somehow needed to shed CDH's salary to make it work. I don't know. Y'all got absolutely dad dicked.
43 and 43 go in, 86 comes out. You can't explain that.
Jesus, that March/April schedule is brutal. Most of those teams made the playoffs and most of those games are on the road.
Now that's a tweet that'll either age like fine wine or milk.
And why tear down the building and build a new one when it can be retrofitted with hundreds of tenants, in an area that's becoming more attractive year after year?
He was really good on a line with Wennberg and Scott Hartnell. Perhaps a veteran winger is what they both need?
I’d use it as motivation. “UGH, you want *SHITTSBURGH* to have a better system than our’s? We can’t let them beat us!”
It doesn't help that he's been on **eight** North American teams since 2014 (NHL and AHL). You can't build chemistry with teammates or learn a system effectively when you're on a different organization every year. Obviously he did well for us while he was around, but getting shipped to Chicago absolutely pulled the rug out from underneath him and his development.
I’d love to try it just for the historical significance of it. Would I spend more than $5 for that opportunity? Nah.
We’re absolutely stacked in Cleveland.
Reddit's search function still pretty much sucks so I wouldn't beat yourself up over it.
She spends a lot of time recapping the story. Skip to 20:36 if you want to get to the meat of the essay.
Colin Farrell was really good in Phonebooth. I feel like Will Smith would have made that movie "funnier" and it would have taken a lot of the tension out of it, and in a movie that's supposed to be tense from the eighth minute until the credits roll, that's not a good thing to have.
Still though, we haven’t gotten that one killer app that opens the door for people to fully jump in on VR. There are a lot of games that use it well, but not one that absolutely demands that you buy your own system to play it.
apology for poor english where were you when soccer team cincinnati dies i was sat at home drinking craft beer when gary ring "soccer is kill" "no"
If they can keep Galchenyuk after this year (he'll be a UFA) and if Joseph pans out then long-term this would probably make the Penguins better. I'm happy to get Kessel out of there, though. The dude's a force.
Can confirm. My half orc fighter got a magical sword that increases movement speed by 10 when wielding, so now it’s at 40. With full plate.
FOUR! MORE! YEARS!
FOUR! MORE! YEARS!
I’m getting back into the swing of things, but I made a P-Switch based speedrun level. I don’t think it’s too difficult, there are some tight platforms and wall jumping, but these were generally well received back in MM1 so they should be fun here too! **Ready...Set...** **M6H-PM3-7WG**
I like the concept, but you should make it more challenging!
A state institution where the highest paid employee is a football coach. Look I get college sports are important to a lot of people but at the end of the day it is a money-making operation, and the favoritism it provides just reeks of corruption. The Shoe can hold a crazy amount of people, there's no reason why that tax shouldn't be collected there.
“That’s why Elvis was the king! And you are a schmuck!”
If Edit Mode happens (and they’ve teased at trying to bring it back) then this is something I hope to make.
Is Columbus playing? If so, call goes against them.
Holy shit haha. Ship it!
Hey man, congrats on your exam. You've probably gotten a billion replies by now but I just want to add to the pile that Americans don't want this shit just as much as Iranians don't. I really hope our governments can get our collective shit together to avoid needless bloodshed.
They got it on video at least, whenever they feel like they want to relive the moment.
I want nothing more than Wisconsin to change their shitty beer export laws so I can buy Spotted Cow without having to go up there.
Guy was on a short leash following three disappointing development years and his arrest this summer. This is his year to prove he belongs in the Bigs and he’s been pulling his weight.
I love it when videos like these slow down, because I imagine that "MMMM whatcha sayyyyyy" song playing as it happens.
To be quite honest if it weren’t for those two neighborhoods, Chicago would probably be the safest city in America. That’s how bad it is.
&gt;Columbus Blue Jackets &gt;Preseason over/under: 84 &gt;Current points pace: 92 &gt;Players: B+ Nobody expected much out of the Blue Jackets this season, after they famously went all-in for last year's playoff run (and are paying for the consequences now). They lost several key players to free agency and opened the season with the NHL's lowest payroll. They've been decimated by injuries. And yet, they're hanging around in the playoff race and have put together some very hot streaks. &gt;Goaltending was the biggest question mark entering the season, but Joonas Korpisalo quashed any concerns with excellent play (unfortunately for the team, he's injured right now). Elvis Merzlikins has been better than expected, and he now gets an extended audition with Korpisalo sidelined. The Blue Jackets are getting a mixed bag of production from their forwards, but the continued development of Pierre-Luc Dubois is a positive. On the negative side, it looks as if Nick Foligno might be regressing. The defense has been hit hard by injuries, but Zach Werenski (and lately, Seth Jones) have been playing great. Werenski, especially, seems to be enjoying a nice breakout. &gt;Coach: A- John Tortorella gets a ton of attention for his off-ice antics (see: his rant toward NHL officials that got him fined $20,000 after a loss to the Blackhawks earlier this month). But the way he has guided this team to wins -- especially in spite of unrelenting bad injury luck -- is quite inspiring. &gt;GM: B After being the most active GM in hockey last season, Jarmo Kekalainen has been much quieter. Kekalainen essentially put faith in his remaining roster and let those guys play it out. His one big signing, Gustav Nyquist, has worked out. &gt;Class president: Joonas Korpisalo. The torn meniscus that is sidelining Korpisalo for four to six weeks felt especially cruel; the injury occurred during a shootout loss to the Blackhawks and shortly after Korpisalo was named to his first career All-Star Game. &gt;In danger of failing: The team's trainers. Hey, it's probably not their fault, just bad luck. But only four Blue Jackets have played every game this season, with 31 skaters already suiting up for at least one game. &gt;Overall team grade: B+ In what was supposed to be a lost season, the Blue Jackets have exceeded expectations and remain in the playoff race -- pretty impressive when you consider the hand they were dealt.
Don’t get me wrong, I would 1000% pick Yang over Trump any day, and I definitely think Yang would handle it better. But as far as directly working with elected officials and other public figures go, that’s a skill he’s going to have to learn on the job and the less time he has to go through all the formalities the more time he can spend getting things done.
I think if you had to pick between Savard and Murray to trade, you'd have to go with Murray. Savard is only 29 and he's our oldest defenseman. If we're pushing for a playoff spot we're going to need that experience to help us get there. Murray is a great player but he's the one that should be moved if we're looking for a 2/3 winger, if only due to the injury history.
I think it was intended to force other Allies to play games that maybe they wouldn't otherwise try, but some of these episodes have been just to chill and hang out and get to know them a bit more in a more condensed format than a multi-hour stream. Brad and Huber have mentioned on podcasts that they've known each other for a long time, but I didn't know that they were childhood friends and some of the more details about how they would hang out as kids. It's cool to see that bit of personal history considering how often I listen to the Allies. Maybe not every episode is my cup of tea but I can see Huber building off of this to make a fun Let's Play format, something I think the YouTube channel desperately needs since they seem to do pretty well with their podcasts and Twitch presence.
Puig would sign at a discount to fight Pirates some more.
If you're like me and held off on getting Sw/Sh until the inevitable upgrades, I'm willing to bet you'll be able to get a used copy for pretty cheap and then both expansions bundled together pretty soon.
Which is exactly what happened with Bread but he wanted to live in NYC. :/ And Duchene was given a similar offer but really wanted to yeehaw more.
To help me get llllå̵̧̯̙̄͑a̶̢̨͉̋͝ȧ̴̧͈͙̯̈̔͗͆r̷̥̼̹̝̣̭̲͈̭͍͌͆̔̔̉͂͋̃̾̕r̸̨̡̯̮͓̫̫͓̙̦̈́̀͗́͜r̶̼̟̥̩̟͌́g̵͙̬̼̫͇̍̑̑̿͗͌̎̐̚̚̕͠g̶̢̛̘̰͈̀͒̇͒̑̄̑̈́̓͗̚͝ǵ̸̲̱̖̬͍̖̥̥̦͆̋͒̈́͋̅̂͐̿̋̒̈͑͜g̷̬̙̯̩̱͙̭̮̰̞̮̭͂̀̑̌̓̑͛̿̕͝ȩ̵̛͔̥͈̪̣̻͇̜͋̿͒͋ê̶̜͕̠͉̪̤̫̞̼̟͉͉͍̌̌͘̕͝ͅ
It honestly surprises me that the NFL never caught on to this sort of hooliganistic crowd chanting.
Jesus Christ, Hosei
Yup and I’ve been there twice already for music games lmao
This clause is probably in the agreement with Fanatics.
It’s because ESPN doesn’t have broadcasting rights for the NHL, but they do for every other major league. So there’s no incentive to report on Hockey other than to fill time and appear diverse, because then people will want to watch it on other networks.
Pop Tart: Doom Eternal. All they have to do is make the game just as fun as Doom 2016 and it's the safest bet of the quarter. Toaster Strudel: I'm going to get a lot of shit for this but it's FF7 Remake. I look back at FF15 and KH3 and I see a common thread here: an RPG that's been given Hack 'n Slash elements, long development time, retelling of the story I already know that's not going to have nearly as big of an impact now as it did back then. AND it's going to be split up into multiple releases. I don't think it's going to be bad by any means, but I think people are much more excited for this than they probably should be because there's a lot of warning flags on this game for me. If anything I'm going to hold out until it's all out on PS5 (because it definitely won't be done by the time it launched).
If you were to offer me $100K a year to go back to being a retail pharmacy tech, I would still tell you to go fuck yourself.
I'm glad that it's happening before the first primaries. If we were to go into Super Tuesday with fifteen candidates it'd be absolutely crazy. Hopefully the field narrows down even more. It definitely appears we have the Top 4 and Klobuchar hanging on for the long game, but I kind of expect this to warp up by May as one front runner starts to get consensus.
Definitely this. Good, hard-working people go in thinking they're going to be super helpful on the front lines of healthcare, or they're going to provide assistance to primary physicians and hospitals, and make an impact on their community's health. Then they get in and learn that they spend 10 hour days with no breaks scanning shit and hitting enter, getting yelled at by full-grown adults that read and speak at a fifth grade level, and have corporate breathing down their necks about why they're not selling enough shitty membership cards or vaccines as their staff hours get cut yet again.
Super Tuesday is a big day in the primary season when a lot of states hold their primary elections, and is generally a good indicator of who will be the candidates for the presidential election. This year it’s on March 3 and will have elections in the following states: Alabama, Arkansas, California, Colorado, Democrats Abroad, Maine, Massachusetts, Minnesota, North Carolina, Oklahoma, Tennessee, Texas, Utah, Vermont, and Virginia.
Konami’s fans, ranging from Metal Gear to Castlevania to Yu-Gi-Oh! to all their rhythm games, absolutely wish a different company would take up each of their properties because Konami is unreasonably bad at PR and generally treating their Western fan base far worse than they treat their Eastern fan base. I’m a DDR player and my town just got an A20 cabinet, but they shipped it in three separate orders (machine, pads, and router for online), but the router didn’t come in the order so it’s been offline for like two months. Oh, and they’ve locked content behind exclusive gold cabinets which are hard to come by in the states, they are Round1 exclusive, which is a Japanese company and is opening up a lot of stores around here, but the way they go about it is bizarre. Honestly the fact that they localized it at all is a fucking miracle after all these years. They invite only one top player in the US to their world tournament too despite the US having at least three or four of the top players in the world, too, so the players stepped up and started doing their own world tournament the same weekend in Japan just so that the community can compete as they should be. I wish they’d fix their shitty image or sell it off to someone who would care, but at the same time I don’t know who would support these arcade games to their capacity other than Sega. Honestly, American rhythm game players saw all that shit coming from a mile away, because we’ve been dealing with Konami’s BS since 2006.
Imagine having a healthy and well rested veteran Rick Nash join the team last March.
If we're allowed to have habanero cheese on a 5-way, we're allowed to put jollies in those bad boys too. 6-Ways are legal!
Ottawa? Not sure how Hogberg is turning out or if they got some goaltenders ready to go in the AHL, but man if there were a time for the Senators to pull the trigger on some contracts, this year's free agency would be it.
If this year is any indictator, Korpi/Elvis will be our tandem until Seattle inevitably takes one of them. :(
Make it happen. I've been dying to play this on a modern console for at least three generations now.
Gerbe May only be 5’ 5” but his dick must be at least 7’ if he’s throwing hits like that.
Kid Chris is like that on WEBN too. It’s funny to drop a joke every now and then unexpectedly but to make that your whole thing is annoying.
He should really watch The Mandalorian.
He moved to Jersey and then Arizona as a child, so I find it highly unlikely he has any personal ties or memories of our town. Cool fact, though.
There are small islands on the lakes that people live on and I assume county lines extend out to them as well.
Thanks, Booger.
California has 12% of the population. If you were to somehow win 100% of California's votes, and you won't, you still have to come up with the remaining 38% plus 1 vote to get a majority. I'm sick of this argument that a popular vote would lead to presidential candidates flying out to NYC, Chicago, and LA repeatedly because that would be a god-awful strategy.
If he had the time to develop his own players and his own system, sure. But you guys were years away from being able to do that with your farm system and cap situation at the time, so him leaving was for the best.
He also drove from like an hour away to do it. Some people just need to get a life.
YOU SURE ABOUT THAT?!
I think it would work better if the panel had formal improv experience, which I think only Bosman and Moore have.
It's tough though because Korpisalo beat him for the #1 spot and Elvis struggled early. Now we're back to where we started with who should be our #1 and can they split the time up effectively?
Sir this is a Wendy’s.
Just saw this trailer and I cannot believe this slipped under the radar. Thank you for the recommendation! I'm putting that bad boy in my wish list.
We got ourselves a winner right here. Make it happen, NHL!
It depends on the tribe. Some prefer "Indians," some prefer "Native Americans" or "First Americans," some prefer you call them by their tribe name. There are hundreds of tribes so it can get tricky.
So they were reused, which is even better than recycling.
Konami should try and get more Western licenses in A20.
"XXX: Return of Xander Cage! Vin Diesel is back as XXX, in the most anticipated sequel of 2004!"
Unless you plan on downloading and playing at the stroke of midnight, there's no reason to need to preload. Games don't release on weekends so there's no reason for me to want to do this unless I plan on taking a day off from work or whateer.
"Can you believe she committed suicide by two gunshots to the head? Can't believe how often I see that happen."
I think the fact is that a bunch of them are downtown, and Cincinnati is just so spread out that people don't really take the time to explore. That said, there's one in Silverton close to me and it's gorgeous.
Try Arcade Legacy. Jesse is always looking to stock his stores.
Wrong way on AA Highway, which is dangerous enough as is. If I had to guess it seems like he was trying to get past a bunch of cars and miscalculated the amount of distance he had. This is a very sad accident.
That's such a crazy read, but totally what I would expect Bernie to do.
Historicc
How the fuck do you make fake concrete blocks? It's water and pulverized rock, which are the two easiest things to find.
Oh fuck that
They also have a shitload of cap space coming up. I’m not saying they’re one or two players away from the playoffs, but I think they’ll make the Atlantic way more interesting next season.
Why thank you I hate it so much
One sword is greater than none. You can't explain that.
Columbus didn't really have a whole lot going on in the downtown area prior to the Arena District except maybe Short North, which is why it's been a success. Nationwide Arena was also built on top of an abandoned prison! Atlanta on the other hand was a much larger city with more going on as it was, that replacing a football stadium with another giant mixed-use arena is a lateral move at best. So the whole "new stadium" argument kind of hinges on what's already in the city. *Maybe* the OTR area becomes a bit nicer and the parking garages entice people to check out Findlay Market and the surrounding businesses more often, and *maybe* it makes events like Blink or whatever's going on in Washington Park more popular. But I don't expect the neighborhood to blow up any more than it is now. What will happen is that we'll probably get more concerts and events because we certainly don't get enough of those at Paul Brown stadium and the arena basically sucks for concerts.
Every time I see GABP's layout, I wonder why we don't just stack the team with guys that can consistently hit 330' into the corners.
2020 is definitely looking like an optimistic year for Cincinnati sports in general. At the very least the Summer is going to be super fun with how the Reds are building.
Even then, they kept making games for the console for six years after production officially ended. That doesn't just speak to the popularity of Just Dance, but also the Wii console's popularity and longevity.
My concern is that the numbers are under-reported by the Chinese government, which has over the past decade gone through intense lengths to hide data and have little regard for human life. The science behind it makes it seem like the virus is not as deadly as the media makes it out to be, but with so many people coming in and out of the Wuhan area at the right time I feel like it could potentially spread faster than we really anticipate. That said, the media has always made a circus about these one-off illnesses like West Nile Virus, Swine Flu, and SARS, but there's always that concern that China is never trying to make itself look weak by any means necessary.
My concern is that the numbers are under-reported by the Chinese government, which has over the past decade gone through intense lengths to hide data and have little regard for human life. The science behind it makes it seem like the virus is not as deadly as the media makes it out to be, but with so many people coming in and out of the Wuhan area at the right time I feel like it could potentially spread faster than we really anticipate. That said, the media has always made a circus about these one-off illnesses like West Nile Virus, Swine Flu, and SARS, but there's always that concern that China is never trying to make itself look weak by any means necessary.
Ideally the south isn't really in play other than Florida, and a puncher's chance at Georgia and Texas. The path to a Democrat White House is going to go through the Midwest.
I feel like Mike Pence is the kind of guy who would willingly bring on a preventable apocalypse because the Bible said it was going to happen one day.
And then when Auto Chess became the Genre of Week, Valve threw all their eggs into that basket and look where Underlords is now. That’s now two spinoff games from DOTA2 that are either dead or dying. At some point Valve needs to realize that they got amazingly lucky with DOTA2 when the MOBA genre took off and go back to either making something original, or stick to their Half Life/Portal/Left 4 Dead established games that haven’t been touched in forever (Alyx of course is a change in the right direction).
Still technically not a cube, but that's so impressive I'll allow it.
The Fast and the Furious movies evolved from "typical underground crime busting movies with cool cars" to "what would happen if we gave a cheesy 1970's/1980's crime flick a $200 million budget?" in the span of five movies. At this point you're supposed to turn off your brain and not think too deeply about them.
And in the next movie, he kicks a torpedo.
Have there been attempts to bring soccer to Cleveland? USL? NASL? Maybe I missed something but I think them just packing up and moving wouldn't be a great move right off the bat.
I'd honestly be fine with "&lt;Local Historical Person or Town Identity Here&gt; Stadium, presented by &lt;Corporate Branding Fecal Matter Here&gt;"
He looks weird with curly hair.
Maybe those two storylines will converge for Fast 10?
I got a few appliances from this store and never noticed the smell, even on hot summer days.
He appears to be more active on his YouTube channel lately, so it looks like he’s trying to get something going again. I really hope whatever The Behemoth does they involve him.
Excuse me that’s not a bad t-shirt.
Hell even fans of other NHL teams have been waiting on Buffalo to turn the page. It just sucks for them that Toronto and Tampa got far luckier on their draft picks while Boston has never let the foot off the gas, not to mention the many games they have to play against the Metro powerhouses. At some point though you have to look at ownership and upper management and see what kinds of decisions they’re making.
It's one thing if Ari said something off color like 15 years ago when nobody gave a shit about him. He's a grown ass man with a career and some public attention and he didn't even wait until Kobe's body was cold before he wanted to say something stupid. This isn't cancel culture, it's a natural reaction to something shitty.
I mean I wouldn't think he's wasting his career, after all, he's only got...uh...six years left on his contract...fuck.
Potion Belt will look great on this.
I often have to remind myself that he's 73.
Nothing will motivate Mike. Guy is 84 years old and is only trying to ensure that his great-great-grandchildren don't have to work a day in their lives but draining Hamilton County for every penny he can. Fuck him.
We're gonna hear about this on this week's podcast in which Ben gives us some good ol' fashioned /r/prematurecelebration, and then on next week's podcast where he becomes EZA's Shame Scrub.
Back when IIDX GOLD came out, Dave and Busters did a location test for them. I think with Round1 coming into the states with force, and an English localization, now would be a great time for them to jump in on it. Please make it happen!
Portman's a fucking hack. We need someone with the same energy, demeanor, and brains as Brown to run against him in 2022.
Oh Captain, My Captain!
I'm glad they're at least trying to negotiate in good faith after that ass backwards proposal from the league, though I think a 114-game season with playoffs going into December is perhaps more ambitious than it needs to be.
I've been trying to get rid of Biff for like a straight month. And then when I see the cloud bubble, guy wants to give me a recipe for a leaf. A leaf! Then I see him running around the plaza and he just derps into City Hall and other animals. Biff sucks.
I find it kind of odd that they wouldn't just move some of the games into the party rooms. It's not like they're going to be booking huge parties any time soon, they may as well take advantage of the space.
I’m in the same boat as far as being a Bernie supporter that was disappointed in this outcome, but the difference between Biden and Trump has been crystal clear. Biden is going out on the streets to talk to protesters in the middle of a pandemic where his age group suffers worst. Trump tweets and uses force and fear to take what he wants. Biden is a leader, Trump is a maniacal bully.
What America needs right now is a Teddy Roosevelt that isn't a bigot.
So would Dave and Busters/Round1/Scene 75 be included as “indoor family entertainment centers?” Does this include arcade machines, jukeboxes, vending machines, etc?
The BLM movement resurgence is definitely inconvenient as far as combating the Coronavirus is concerned, but I'm hopeful the long-term benefits of governments cracking down on bad policing will outweigh the short-term risks of people throwing social distancing out the window for a few weeks. Also, our hospitals are better equipped with PPE, more beds, a hopeful treatment plan, a few vaccines entering later stages of testing trials, and most other aspects of our lives are still geared to slow the spread (such as working from home, limiting number of patrons in a physical location, etc.). Everything sucks but we're going to pull through it.
I do work in EHR for a healthcare system, so while I don't work *in* a hospital, I am getting quantitative data in regards to well we're doing in terms of bed population and qualitative data from the people on the front lines in terms of how ready they are to start scheduling patients of procedures.
I don't expect them to. Our situations are totally different and probably our locations also. I really hope things get better on both our sides!
my bff jill
They get a lot of their revenue from conventions, too, which I don't think are allowed back up yet. Colassolcon got pushed back to Labor Day Weekend, and typically has tens of thousands of attendees.
I remember John Kerry more or less running on a referendum of George W Bush and the Iraq War, and lost, in 2004. And, to some extent, Mitt Romney trying to make 2012 about a referendum on Obama. Initially, I'm hesitant to say this strategy will work this time around, but there are a number of factors in play that could make it work this time around: * GWB had an approval rating of &gt;50% for more than three years of his first term. Voters certainly got frustrated during Year 4, but not enough of them to turn out. Obama had a very solid Year 1, but then floundered around 45-50% approval for the remainder of his first term, only going above 50% once Election Season was in full gear. Trump has had anywhere from 35-45% approval ratings in his first three years, and his disapproval rating has only dipped below 50% for maybe a few weeks out of his term. People have basically made up their minds at this point. He'd have to have an insane change of heart to get that approval back. * COVID-19 is still going to be around. This isn't an enemy that we see only on the news like Al-Qaeda, this is an enemy that we can't see at all until someone we know is in the hospital or dead. Likewise, Trump just thinks he knows what's best despite the rest of the world seeming to get a foothold on the virus, it's clear that the US is going to suffer. If there's a second wave around September/October, it's going to be a hole that Trump can't get out of. * Likewise, if the economy dips again at the wrong moment, he can no longer run on a strong economy. Voters are already frustrated with finger pointing, but all Trump will do is deflect blame onto Democrats. Bush still had a good economy at this point, and Obama was getting out of the recession that Bush ended up causing, so that was a notch for both of them. A lot of jobs that were lost as a result of COVID-19 may not come back at all, it's tough to say if there will be a bounce-back by November. * Biden, for all his gaffes, is actually looking like a leader at this point. He's going out in public, he's making speeches, he's going on the attack but in a way that tries to unite voters. Leadership is going to be a big theme in the debates this year, and if say a comparison was made to Trump and the guy you hate at your job, that's an apt enough comparison for people to get the picture. Bush's moment where he stood at Ground Zero with a megaphone was still very fresh in most of America's hearts, and Obama was a natural orator. Trump doesn't have that moment and probably won't get that moment, the best he can do is trample over peaceful protesters to take a bad picture at a church. I'm not saying Biden is going to cruise control to a win like Kerry or Romney thought they were able to, but the story is completely different this time around. Making the election about a referendum on Trump is going to be a strong strategy because there's not an excuse.
Chicken in his cage.
God I hope so. I don't want November to January to be a dumpster fire.
I would take Trump trying to loot priceless artifacts and tearing everything in the White House up over what he has shown he is capable of doing--attempting to use unnamed military forces on peaceful protesters is the tip of the iceberg. He could pardon everyone in federal prison. He could send said faceless military forces to arrest/kill rival politicians and their supporters. He could just order an attack on Iran in the last week of his presidency and tell Biden it's his problem now. He could make all sorts of executive orders for the full purpose of scorching the earth. Nobody in his administration wants to stop him and the Senate doesn't care either. Maybe Congress or the Supreme Court gets in his way, but he has shown that he doesn't care about precedent, or checks and balances. Trump knows what's ahead of him after his term is up. The SDNY will be out for blood, the Mueller Report could get fully declassified and the FBI/CIA/FEC/SEC could go after him. Best case scenario is that he just gives up, but I also think that he and his family just hop onto a plane to Moscow while trying to lay claim to the Presidency and now his supporters will bring unrest. Win or lose, it's going to be a shitshow.
Reds will always be king, but FCC has definitely been talk of the town. For sure I hear more excitement out of FCC than the Bengals, if only because people are just fed up with them and only seem to be fans out of obligation. I'd rank Reds&gt;FCC&gt;Bengals at this time.
I will only accept this timeline if he gets a ring. Then, he goes to the Hall as a Red.
I has this one customer bring up the fact that they're a veteran when they didn't get their way. We didn't have a veteran discount or any sort of thing like that (it was a pharmacy), and we also really hated the guy because he was an asshole.
Yeah, I imagine it'll be a few questions like, "Have you had a fever within the last 14 days?" "Have you been in contact with someone who has been diagnosed with COVID-19 within the last 14 days?" Easy things like that. They don't want to be super intrusive, they want to show DeWine and Acton that they are operating in good faith, and all of the new protocols seem to be hitting those notes. We can enjoy the things we like to do if we're being smart about it.
You shouldn't even need to wear a mask outside unless you're going to be around a lot of people. Outdoor transmission of the virus is showing to be way, way less than indoor transmission. The problem with all the states showing spikes is that they opened without mandating masks or strongly recommending for weeks if not months ahead of reopening, so now with businesses opened up and the temperature going up, people are going out of their homes to do indoor activities without a care in the world.
Definitely important to do so, especially if you plan on traveling.
I used to be all about Maddow until she stayed silent about net neutrality (because MSNBC is owned by Comcast). Any of the major news network opinion heads are just there to tell you how to feel.
It seemed like D&amp;B was in much better shape before COVID-19 but like all other companies it's going to have to weather the storm. People are going to want to go do stuff when states reopen and when a vaccine is available.
As much as I like "The Squad," I don't think asking them to learn the Washington ropes until assuming a leadership role is controversial at all. The calls for AOC to run for President in 2020 were few, but definitely cringe-worthy. Give them experience and if they do a good job, then talk about it all you want.
I think he's just a super positive guy that gets excited for all sorts of things. You can definitely tell when he's *most* excited, like when Demon's Souls Remake got announced, but I don't think there's a negative bone in his body.
I think Huber's proven that he can do that, too. He did, ~~after all, review Fallout 76, which he flushed down the toilet at every opportunity, and he~~ reviewed Shenmue 3, which he was super excited for but noted the flaws enough to give it a fair score.
Shit, you're right.
The wealthy don't care about long term investments, they care about maximizing gains in the short term and then dumping their losses onto the public.
Thankfully this is a generic drug that's commonly prescribed for a number of inflammatory uses. The problems I see with the US healthcare system are shortages due to people stockpiling it like they did HCQ and Azithromycin.
Imagine losing billions of dollars because you didn't want to budge on a gap of tens of millions. The owners can suck my left nut.
No, however Butts McGee at 573 Schlong Street in Dicksville OK is a totally really person.
"'Nobody can predict this,' says website that constantly predicts the future."
I honestly can't believe it took Game Freak/Nintendo 20 years to revisit this, especially when the Wii was begging for Pokemon titles and the Wii U would have been perfect for this.
"This sucks. I liked it." This seems to be the Pokemon fanbase in a nutshell over the last decade.
They're leaving small towns like Bethel and going to Cincinnati, Columbus, and Cleveland because living out in those small towns more than an hour away from work, play, and life, is awful, especially when you got people like the counter-protesters acting like they do here on a daily basis. And then they complain when their populations go down by 20% over a decade or two and wonder how they're going to have a local economy or pay for utilities or projects. You know, maybe if you guys weren't assholes and stopped chasing people out of town with your racism and fake Christianity, people may want to come over and make something of it.
I live in the 45236 area code that he called out (Deer Park, Silverton, Kenwood). There are like seven senior living homes in it. Generally the area has been good about stuff like wearing masks and staying apart, but there's still a ways to go.
Whoa, whoa, whoa, that's just crazy talk. I thought everyone loved previews! /s
I'm still skimming through the itch.io BLM charity bundle and I gotta say I'm impressed with what's on here. Even the one-off TTRPG games are interesting and I'd love to try them out. The big reason I hopped on was because Celeste was on it and I've been holding off on playing it for a while. That game is fantastic.
Guy here. Epsom salt baths are not only relaxing but a great way to recover from a workout. My Sunday routine lately has been to do a lot of stretching and then take an epsom salt bath, on Monday I feel like a million bucks.
Columbus has been thrown around as a potential hub and we've been doing very well in Ohio compare to a lot of other states.
Shitting on the Confederacy is such a proud Ohio tradition, we even have a hockey team in honor of kicking their asses.
People against Trump were signing up to get tickets just to flood the system, because it was a very simple way to protest and fuck with him. Obviously the turnout was still shit but there are definitely caveats to the the Tulsa rally turnout yesterday. Like, maybe some people that planned on going got turned off at the last minute because they didn't want to be in a crowded area during the pandemic? Or maybe they thought it was going to turn into a chaotic mess if met with anti-Trump protesters? Don't get me wrong, I think it's awesome that the first Trump rally turned out to be a shitshow, and certainly fuck Trump, but it's not indicative of how many voters will show up when it matters.
Damn. He always looks like a dumpy guy, but in that video he looks like he lost a client at his low-level sales job and then went to four separate bars trying to get laid, only to fail at each one.
With universal healthcare, the fear with the big corporations is that people would be able to quit their jobs a lot easier because healthcare benefits are moot at that point, so now they're going to have to actually have welcoming work environments, more PTO, more pay, more fringe benefits, to remain competitive in the job market. Of course, I think that how much our businesses already spend on providing health care is more than the cost of all of those things, but it's kind of like how working from home brought fear from middle management that weren't able to micromanage and thought that all the employees wouldn't get anything done. It's a super old mindset that doesn't hold up anymore.
Because in the states we typically, though not always, use savory breads with our meat sandwiches.
I am cultured, but I’m still allowed to have my personal preferences. Don’t gatekeep.
He had the chance to pivot to "normal" politician when COVID-19 started taking over, and it was working. His disapproval rating on 538 actually got below 50% for the first time since his inauguration (and likewise his approval rating was as high as it ever was, even for a brief moment). He then switched back to pandering to his base and that rating has been climbing ever since, and the BLM movement and his response didn't help him at all. I don't forsee him getting another a chance like that.
&gt;For him to win he’d have to stop being the person he is. The double whammy here is that if he stopped being the person he was, the people that already like him wouldn't like him any more.
It's going to be very hard to get people to stop worrying about coronavirus when a global second wave is expected in October.
They give elected officials a lot of leeway it seems. But if Trump loses, that account is getting banned Day 1 of Biden's presidency.
I think reviewers in general have to play so many games that any game that is well constructed but takes you in a completely different direction than most other games gets well received. When you have to play a bunch of 7/10 games all of a sudden that hyped 8/10 game looks a lot better when it goes off the rails in a way that you don't expect.
Seems weird that this is still a thing considering a lot of games can load tickets onto your card already.
Incoming report of 1000+ cases of COVID-19 coming from this rally a year from now.
I feel like we’ve been in this cycle with EA several times by now, I can’t trust them without hearing from the gaming press and community before buying anything published by them. The highs are decent, but the lows are low.
We could have had more, but at this point with the owners we're lucky to have anything at all. The CBA negotiations are going to be a bloodbath.
"This sucks, I like it" is the Pokemon fanbase in a nutshell the past decade. The only reason TPC keeps making or signing off on stuff like this is because people keep buying in even though they complain.
It's a bit hit or miss though. I was up at the Cincinnati location the day they opened and it seemed like they were taking it seriously, masks and cleaning and all that good stuff. I went up last night and it didn't seem like they were serious at all, maybe half the employees wearing masks and hardly anybody cleaning outside of the bar employees. There needs to be consistency.
Was this feature on the GameCube one also?
The fact that you can catch great white sharks that shallow in the ocean but then the game lets you jump right in is...unsettling?
Yes, but the villager also can get chased by and fucked up by a tarantula.
At least it's looking better in the UK than the US. Boris Johnson getting COVID-19 and being in the ICU for a little bit changed some minds. We wouldn't have that massive change of heart about any of this until Trump or Pence have to go through that, and even then we would hear conspiracy theories about how Joe Biden or Antifa or an illegal immigrant gave it to them.
Perhaps this means we can have the return of ShowBiz Pizza.
/r/JoeyVottoEnthusiasts Hated this.
DeWine needs to come out and say it: Trump and far-right politicians have completely botched the COVID-19 response, and if we don't get it under control by wearing masks, staying apart, and only going out sparingly, he will have no choice but to shut everything down again and we can relive March thru May in the fall/winter, which means no Labor Day, no Halloween, no Thanksgiving, no Christmas, no New Year's celebrations, all while tens of thousands of Ohioans are at risk and possibly more. I get people want to go out and do stuff, be with friends and family. I do too. But there's no reason we can't enjoy the things we like while being smart about it. The precautions are not extraordinary or difficult.
West Virginia is a very special case, since they broke off from Virginia in the Civil War, which was in a separate country at the time.
It wouldn't kill the Republican party, but it would definitely force them to stop moving to the right on a lot of issues to get some of those city/suburban votes back.
Some guy who doesn't like French Fries.
https://covid19.danoniot.com/ has lagging data but it is pulled from the Ohio Coronavirus website.
In a way I'm glad that I can't go to a Cincinnati Reds game this year because even me putting on that hat that I've had for a literal decade makes me feel dirty just looking at it.
What were they chirping at each other about?
Oh Captain, my Captain!
I'd like to point out that the Paul/Conway race was in 2010, not 2008.
