No it was just an exaggerated example for comic effect.
The door bell The big bad wolf And I was afraid to look at the night sky a lot of times because of what I might see.
I still have a tic concerning this.
Sorry to post again but this was a big one. Terrified of the Jabber Walky in Alice in Wonderland. Doctor Who intro = fuck my life at that age also.
Well now you’ve done it! That was a test. I shall never talk again. Or my favorite “You finally said something worth commenting on.”
Same thing happened to me when someone tells me I tell too many stories. It hurts on a level it shouldn’t. My stories are me passing on my memories. Shunning that makes me never want to tell you anything again. Which oddly gives people what they want.
Damn made it about me again. Sorry. All I meant was I feel for you and if you smiled at me I’d be so happy. I’m a shy smiler.
The people we love can hurt us the most of anyone.
Can I try to help you smile a little? I can be funny. I know it isn’t enough with depression (I have it too) but it’s something.
This reminds me of a quote from Doctor Who. “The truth is simple. Lies are words and words and words.”
A mole on someone’s face or other slight flaw. It’s like in Austin powers. “Just get it out of your system!” “MOLE! MOLE! MOLEY MOLEY ! MOOOLE!”
Not true. Just look before you leap. Trust kind of throws a curve ball here.
That’s a good one though any truth can be a lie from another perspective same with lies. Hence why the concept of pure good or evil in humans is rediculous.
Thank you.
Good point. Sorry for assuming.
Ok. OK. It over simplified. But truth is Singular as it says in the real quote. We only believe one truth. THE truth however is far from singular.
Largely with whipping up the masses using rhetoric. Words words words.
Dear God how did we get here...
Not necessarily.
It was an interesting theory. I liked the idea. But you guys are giving me a lot to think about. Nothing is simple. It’s an interesting exorcise though. How well can you describe something a statement using one word.
Ding Ding! Perfect example! You guys would explode if I told you about the one word test that was in the same episode as this quote . One word to describe what you have to say.
Oh my God! You are so right ! I didn’t mean that. I was trying to be funny because this just went nuclear on me.
I do big time. I have a husband so I recruit him sometimes. Other times I wrap myself tightly in a blanket or something and curl up. I touch myself- no seriously. I rub my own shoulders, rub my fore head, temples and neck and feet etc. Masturbation can help but not so much. Pets are a great help especially if they cuddle. I cannot over state the powers of tea. Tea reaches a part of me no other beverage can. I read or write warm sensual things. I actually fantasize about hugs and shit.
Even in healthy relationships intimacy and touching can be difficult . I feel some of your pain.
You could have a threesome all by yourself.
Getting really, really, excited my show was coming on . Extreme excitement or humor can activate the launch sequence for me.
I don’t think I dreamed last night.
One can only hope.
Well...yeah! I also know how to do the very thing I despise. So not that I would but I could.
Cat treats and monkey chow.
And how did that taste?
For some odd reason my Mother in law bringing over lunch to cook in my kitchen. I wasn’t feeling well and took umbrage luckily I got it together.
Farts
Because I damn well wanted too.
“A woman let me put my penis inside her!” —I just had sex.
Sounds kind of ..good. Did the shell make you choke?
Cremate I say -Cre MATE
A cult following.
Bird means girl in British slang. I think. LOL
“Eat your kibble!”
So am I but I’m a british wannabe.
Public pooping would be much easier.
I dog walk for Wag. It is great . The money isn’t fantastic but you can slowly get to know people that might want you as a private walker and then you can name your own price. If you do it privately be sure you have insurance.
What are you expected to do? Write pieces for people? How does it work ? Very interested.
Well. I once was feeding a large tortoise and it mistook the peaches I spilled on my top as food. Thing climbed into my lap and I couldn’t push him off. I ended up flat on my back with a tortoise on top of me. Then the head zoo keeper walked in. Yup. Maybe not the worst thing but pretty damn embarrassing.
My Boss at the kennel I worked at found me squeezing through a doggy door to get back into the kennel after being locked out. Fun times.
‘Sup Bitch was more like it with her LOL
What was the sites name again?
Who? Take my up vote any way.
What if I love Rick but don’t want to be him?
You want to feel for yourself? Call me at: 1-800-GULLIBLE.
I suddenly want to go back in time and adopt UpChuck just so he can rise above his embarrassing start.
Yup. Kind of like me at work. Except I wasn’t so jolly.
I was thinking the same thing.
These were amazing!
She did. She thought I let him do it on purpose. I mean. Come on!
“You say you have PTSD? Where did you serve?”
No down dog
This is truly terrifying. I dream of coyote packs surrounding me a lot.
“No, do you ?” “Well yeah! Did you see how fast I was going?”
Yeah so do I . Long enough to take another drink. Don’t want to spill it.
Yeah. Because a no show can get you fired. A call in will explain things but it shows better work ethic to go in. That and I was scared shitless of my old boss.
Nearly gave birth
Packs communicate like this. If they are hunting or if they’ve found prey it can get very raucous. You were right to run in but odds are it was just family dinner time. The social howls are my favorite. An entire pack adults, juveniles and even pups just woofing it up all excited to be together or hunt. I ‘m not afraid of coyotes or wolves in real life. In my dreams they are different creatures all together. Occasionally I had dreams where I would know they were there and I would howl to rile them up. Dreams are weird.
Where’d the dog go though?!
The image! Oh my God ! :Suddenly the music goes dead and a gun man walks in. In a trench coat: Everyone sit down! Y’all ready for this? :The music changes to club music and he whips off the trench coat to reveal short shorts and a crop top: Fabulous! Mother fuckers! “Hello? 911?!”
I can’t twerk. But I need the money. Can I get a stunt double?
I have had smaller moments like this. I got clocked in the forehead by a chain link gait of a dog kennel. I was dazed and was talking like a stoner. My friend goes “Dude you need to check out your forehead!” Me: “Oh? Am I bleeding? :Looks at hand: Oh yeah, I am. OK.”
People who insist your throwing “Bull shit” just because you don’t have articles to quote. Fine don’t believe me I understand. But don’t friggin gang up on me saying what a lying piece of shit I am . When all it is is I don’t have my sources ready because I’m relaxing and didn’t realise this was a trial. And GOD DAMNIT Yes porcupines do dance when thier not stressed! Sorry...I had an incident. Also the Reddit’s that make such petty rules and anal rules concerning posts. It’s alienating. (Looking at you Shower thoughts! Love you but you’re a pain.)
Give me a fly you fools!
You’re an old soul. That’s a good thing.
I actually misread that as “Do you want to come back to my house and I’ll show you how to play a Mandolorian.”
If not procreation. Then what does “Experience the wonder of a family unit “ entail. Does this translate to Mandalorians only have sex after marriage? Or can they not marry?
Poor Mandolin girl..but so happy for you!
Yawning
“I fucking knew it!”
Sorry I was legit curious. I’ve not seen all of the series yet but I’ll check this out.
Unfortunately this gave me limited answers but I think I get a bit of it. They seem tribal. Children are raised by the tribe not so much focus on blood lines. But they also believe a child shouldn’t be separated from a familial unit. Tribe. It’s basically a really loose use of the term family. More all encompassing. I think I’d like these guys.
Me too. I kind of mushed it all up at one point. Got my first lap dance . Full on stripper dance hot ranch dressing in the face.. wait. Oh!
“Getting really intimate with a glass of milk.” Love it! 😂😂
Need more detail please.
It’s Karab most likely. False chocolate. People eat it normally. My friend’s Mom used to give it to us instead of chocolate . She was into health food. Very disappointing. Finally some junk food! What the...?
I love you! 😂
I’ll have to look into them.
Honestly? The shit I’ve seen? I’d give it to him and Offer to buy him a sweater. Unless that’s a euphemism.
“Who turned out the lights ?”
“You ever been so desperate you want to fuck the boogie man?”
No water? Three days tops . That “Seven days” shit from the ring only applies to food. No water? Three days tops.
I always thought this was a fools motto. I mean if it’s just a matter of actual permission then at times it’s understandable. However, if there’s a chance of having to “beg for forgiveness “ you should at least discuss the various options with the person giving permission. In a pinch? Well ...whose to say? I guess we all have to be fools sometimes.
“Remember: Whenever you point your finger at someone you have four more pointing back at you!” My Mom and Gran used to say this. In other words Don’t judge or condemn anyone because your not perfect either. My Gran also heard one of my Uncles whispering about how they have a :gasp: black student in thier school. My Grandmother packed them all up and dragged them to the local car dealer. “What do you see?” “Um..cars?” “That’s right! You know something about those cars? You see how different they all look? All the colors? Well they all have the same parts underneath. Same with people.” Then she marched them home.
Adorable! Love her name!
Ah yes! The magic words in any language “I don’t understand. I do not speak your language.” Reminds me of my Uncle when he worked as a parking lot attendant. Asian Man: I park here? :Big smile: Uncle: No, you can’t park here. Asian man : :Still smiling: I park here? Uncle: No! You can’t park here! Asian man: Ahhhhh....FUCK YOU!
Could they have been Fey or Forrest spirits? I’m not sure about my belief in Fey per say but many Fey despise humans and try to terrify or capture them . I also thought of gate ways or door ways but they don’t move in that fashion. I just don’t think we should limit are choices to Aliens.
Ah. OK. That does make sense. But fear can make people black out too.
Well I’m not sure if I believe in fae or not. This just reminded me of the tales.
Yes. There are many different types.
Yes a very fine powder.
I have so many questions surrounding that fact I cannot ask. I’m sorry people had to deal with this.
I like John hurt myself.
You were taught be Sherlock Holmes?!
I think it’s awesome. At least they know who to come for if they need anything “Taken care of”.
Don’t just lay there like your a human sacrifice. Move a little!
God you were sixteen? I’m so sorry! I was in my thirties and I got my heart ripped out. Jennifer Laurence did such a good job in the movie adaptation of the scene.
Lupin was my worst. He was always my favorite.
“If you do not improve your focus you will wander aimlessly through life .” Thank you professor...shove it up your hole.
“Oh great! Because I already hate you that much!”
I’m so sorry. Your Mum must have had deep issues .
I basically got told something similar by a professor. Kind of rips your guts out. Sorry you had to hear that.
This isn’t the most inappropriate but I love it. So Jane turns to Tarzan and says. “You’re all alone out here. Tell me have you ever had a woman?” Tarzan responds “No. Tarzan use hole in tree.” Jane gasps and says “You poor man! Let me show you how it’s done properly!” Jane undressed and lays down legs splayed. Tarzan studies her a moment then kicks Jane as hard as he can in the crotch. Jane grasping herself in pain, “Why would you do that?!” Tarzan shrugs. “Tarzan test firings squirrel.”
Skin walkers are evil. I have never heard of a good skin walker.
Oh God. I can’t even talk about that part without crying! I had a cat that followed me everywhere like buttercup at the time. He got lots of love. I was crushed.
But we’ll never forget him.
Oh there was no way I was quitting at that point.
Stupid bitch. She was basically saying you were using poverty as an excuse I think. I’m not sure though.
It is funny!
Definately. Imprints or as I like to call them “echoes” are just an example.
People are just dying to get into that Forrest!
Maybe there’s a reason the food is so sparse?
I figured. I was just having a laugh. Sorry.
Does that number mean anything to you? Just keep it in mind in case. But it’s probably just a coincidence. Is your watch working right?
The inside of a neutron star or black hole.
Yes but did you miss the ground at the end? That’s the key to flying.
Just keep the numbers in mind.
I’m watching you watch him right now.
My Mom and I pulled into a parking lot during a really bad down pour. We were sitting there discussing wether we should chance driving or stay. Suddenly lightening strikes the power tower near us and it blows up like the Fourth of July. (Blows out I should say like a short.) We sat there for a moment just frozen. Then we said “Yeah let’s drive.” And got the hell out of there. We found out later if we’d stayed we would have been hit by a funnel cloud.
Me: “Yes! Got one! Knew they were still out there! Awwww man! It’s just my husband!”
That’s where I got it! I thought it was from The princess Bride. Flying is easy you simply aim at the ground and miss.
Well that depends on what you wish to achieve with your flying. If it is simply not to be crushed against the ground. Yes. If travel is what you wish to achieve . Well I suppose as someone on here mentioned. Orbiting would have to be involved.
Google Vashta Nerada. That should help.
They’ll grow in. They aren’t supposed to leave Mom with no teefies so we don’t usually see them at this stage.
Her but she says she’s fluid with her pronouns.
It’s ok. Just remember. You don’t want to be nursing with teeth. You’re not a dummy I’ve been around animals a lot.
best kind. Runts and orphans are my favorites.
Lost reference?
I would do anything for my babies. They give us so much joy! That is a great picture. Beautiful baby girl!
I think we’re recycled at least our energy is. We join the larger whole then are re assembled into other life forms. As to the “soul” I think we join a larger whole . A universe of sorts. Those that aren’t “finished” with thier cycle are reborn. Hell? We make our own. Mine is a complete void. Nothing exists. Even you. But somehow you’re aware of this. So you have to endure this nothingness while feeling every second of eternity go by. It’s cold. So cold and dark.
I saw a scene in BBC’s “Torchwood “ where the lead character (Who is brought back to life every time he dies.) Tries frantically time tell a rapidly dying friend that there’s nothing on the other side.
My family’s adventures at a safari park. We tried to feed a bear a cookie (never said we were smart.) and a monkey on top of our car stole it. The bear got pissed and tried attack the monkey. The monkey slipped and fell off the roof, got scared again by our windshield wiper and fell off breaking our rear view mirror off. It then saw it’s reflection and ran off with it. Yeah. No one ever believes it. But I swear to you it happened. I have pics some where but they’re shit old.
I get naked dreams a lot .
Um...Hi! I don’t know how to break it to you but that wasn’t a dream. I’m so sorry.
I dream of bombings and explosions a lot.
That is a scary dream. Sorry you had to go through that.
This is awesome! Can you elaborate?
No thanks.
I suddenly feel empty and small.
We aren’t always in crisis. Just because we have a good day or we smile or laugh doesn’t mean we’re cured. For some there is no cure . You just have good times and bad times. If your lucky throw in some great times. I’m lucky. My good days are currently out weighing the bad. Also, we don’t need you to fix us. We do need you not to judge us and understand us. Being depressed is not the same as being sad.
That’s because it’s a physical sickness . You don’t have to know “why” you have a headache or a sore leg. You just do. You have depression. You don’t have to justify it.
Numb by Lincoln Park or one of my sad old ballads.
Yes. Sorry if I sounded otherwise. But either way you shouldn’t have to justify your depression.
Gross! Sorry I know turtle soup is a delicacy. But snappers? Yuck.
There’s something about it. I was on a loosing streak with jobs and I would just come home and play this and cry and sing along.
Awesome!
Luchee fruit If it smells like Satan’s crotch and looks like his testicles it should not be consumed. Just a whiff and it’s instant migraine and nausea. F-U-C-K get that shit away from me!
“Fuck you weird banana!” This will live in my memory forever.
Mulberries taste so good though!
I have. I love melon.
Horrible ! Just horrible! They are the whores of the Apple world. They look amazing and offer you a good time. But in the end it’s underwhelming and tasteless and you regret it in the morning.
Granny Smith is my bitch.
Yeah but...where did she get that image in her head from? In my opinion a hallucination that vivid has to have some root in truth . Could be fear I guess. I like the open ended ness You feel like the patient “Was it real? Was it not real? Is anything real any more??”
Doctor Who Historical weapons
We banter back and forth in playfully insulting ways. We don’t go far but it’s just normal for us. “Funny thing..I just almost broke my neck because some ASSHOLE left thier shoes out.” “ Sorry . “ “Babe, how would you like to get a ferret? How about a tarantula?” “How about my foot up your ass?” “Fair enough.” It’s very unusual and very hard to explain but our relationship is healthy and we both respect each other. It’s our version of playful teasing.
Trying to see something paranormal. That and trying to start some thing in a crowd. I’m the ass that stands up to start the wave and has to pretend thier stretching.
And I
I keep trying to start the “I hate you.” “No you don’t “ Thing with in. But Have trouble using that word. There’s something freeing in just being that relaxed with each other.
I can be Emilia.
Monkeys I have no doubt.
And the dirty talk. “Hey, Baby! How about you and me go somewhere private! I’m not so little as you think! Fine bitch! Hey girl, Yo quero Taco Bell?!
They were bred to hunt in packs with ancient Aztecs or some tribe I heard.
It might have been Incans. Just heard it in passing. LOL
Well we never made it to sex. But I insisted on getting freaky in the tall grass beside a dirt back road in the country. He was on top of me, my skirt was up and we were kissing. Then we hear: “Oh my God!” And this adorable little brown dog comes bounding out of the grass with his horrified owner being pulled after him. I think I yelled out “It’s consensual! Cute dog...”
“You like that, don’t you Potter”.
Sorry I’ve experienced a lot of very...loving male chihuahuas. They must have not been fixed.
How do I link? I don’t know how to find old files or Attach links. It was basically some guy wanted to try dirty talk with his gal and he didn’t really know how to do it. So finally he just puts on this Snape voice and whispers “You like that, don’t you potter?” Naturally they both crack up. He just panicked .
I find the fixed makes I encounter are better. Hey! We all blow off steam! It’s natural. Sorry if I offended you.
It is LOL. Imagine walking by a room and hearing that.
Many have unfortunately. LOL
It was quite funny. Literally no one was there and then here comes “Dog” and his human. I needed her to know I was not being raped.
I can’t do it either. Besides I don’t want to scare them.
Are you sure? I met a cat named “Snack wrap another named “Dink” and one named “Penis face.” My favorite was the person that named thier cat after Sherlock Holmes brother. “Mykroft”. Called him Mike for short. He was yelling at Mike to get off the counter AGAIN and said “Mike if you go on that counter one more time I’m going to beat your furry but!” The police showed up asking who Mike was.
I would say Dragon but EVERYONE says dragon. I would have to say shape shifters. Not the evil sort. Just the good or trickster type. I particularly like the Kitsune myths and the myths about shape shifting Wizards. I am fond of the were wolf legends. But I think I have too soft hearted views on were wolves. My reasoning? I’m not sure. I particularly like the thought of changing into a wolf or bird. Freedom. Freedom is what always comes to mind. Yes shifters can be caught and this totally does not apply to were wolves. But imagine the freedom of changing form and being inhuman for a bit. There are down sides but you follow the rules and you can have a serious advantage. I also like how clever shifters tend to be and how they generally aren’t governed by bad or good or society. They are thier own entity and do as they wish. I also like the mythology of how they can be caught etc. My secret desire to run through the Forrest as a wolf probably has to do with it too.
Yeah. They are pretty cool.
There is a song named “Medusa” by Heather Dale It’s written from her view point. But they change the myth that she was born with her deformities. I love the chorus “ Damn them All! I create my own perfection. Damn them all! In the face of thier rejection. Damn them all! This dog will have it’s day. My Garden’s full of pretty men, Who couldn’t stay away”
It is. I like “Hide behinds” too and Splinter cats.
There are other beasts called “tag a longs” or “Cling alongs” In the poem The Gallows Tree they speak of a similar creature.
Good play. LOL Thanks for letting me know. I remembered The Hunger Games” was YA after I posted.
Well ...this is a bit dicey. But first I’d find out the truth about Heaven and Hell, Good and Evil. Either effing demons have to go or be used differently or goodies and baddies need to work together some how. Yuck...I know. But the pure evil ones can be erased or something. Because this black and white shit ain’t working and it’s cramping my style.
“ What cannot be seen cannot be felt. Cannot be heard Cannot be smelt. It comes first and follows after. Kills light, ends laughter.
Sorry.
I love your name!
I can’t control my emotions.
Simply? Like the end of the world. It was like a movie. It went from bad to worse. We just watched it over TV in shock. I remember thinking: “This is the end of our country.” Some idiot tried to rob a bank near our house during everything. He did not get far.
:runs to GrandMa’s house: “Gran...Oh no!”
My cousin brought her one year old to see me when I was deeply sick from my doctor over prescribing one of my meds. Deep depression. The baby could have cared less. I know what you mean. But kids are remarkably understanding.
My friend “Have you ever noticed Time moves slower in the basement because it’s closer to the earths core?” Me : “Whoa! Really?!” After telling several people my friend announces she was kidding.
Could you explain this phrase to me please?
God yes and the scene with the Morphling.
Very well done!
Oh Jesus...I watched the movie before I read the book. I was sharing tissues with a random tween. Good times....
Donna was worse for me. But Christ The Ponds exit was heart rending.
Fuck me...that was the last time I looked to Game of Thrones for comfort! I cried so hard.
:Writes on hand: Fuck you! You are absolutely right about this.
Well it all went down hill after college....I stopped organizing all together and naturally that led to drugs and prostitution. Then I went to jail and finally found shelter in the arms of the lord .
Love that episode!
Nah don’t worry. He’ll go for your eyes first. Soft parts.
Tongue is very tasty.
Not sure honestly. Sometimes we do. But you know. It’s been fantastic but things to do. The joys of married life.
I volunteered at the local zoo and they had a Scarlet Mccaw named “Henry”. Henry was awesome! But when ever he “Took a shower” ( Got sprayed down ) he’d just start yelling “Robert! Robert!” At the top of his lungs in a very female voice. No clue who Robert was. He also would randomly say the name of his long dead mate “Tusha”. His room mate “Benny” the blue Mccaw was a total ass hole. But he met Henry and just decided “OK we’re going to be a gay couple And I’m the woman!” He built a nest for the two of them and was just obsessed with Henry. Henry was very chill with it. Wow Holy shit balls! This blew up ! Thank you for the silver kind stranger. Glad you all enjoyed Henry he was the shit.
My Aunts Mother’s Budgie used to yell “This bloody house!” Whenever he heard someone drop something.
Possibly. I knew a swan whose mate died and he waited for years . He’s still there but now it’s mostly for the food.
Yes, Sir. Just like members of my family. Oooooh I apologize for that Lord.
Yes crows and Ravens can speak.
Aye he be Scottish Laddy. LOL Sorry.
“Sssssh! Between you and me! I think I might have an STD.”
That’s it! Take your damn chopped onions and get out!
He saved an entire platoon of men before that land mine got him.
Mentally? Yes. So tired. Between the virus and the mess that brought, the riots that showed how even more terrible people can be and my normal anxiety/depression I am emotionally spent. I’m fine to look at and I even feel good for the most part. But I can’t handle the news or talk of what’s going on. I live in the U.S. and I am ashamed and sad and tired of it all.
The hope chest in our bed room. I always walk into this mother fucker and am beginning to think it isn’t all my fault. How do you piss off a hope chest? Well I did fill it full of swords.
Must have taken a lot of “Guts” for him to fap.
I remember that! LOL
“I shit you not.”
Chapter Four-Yup, we were fucked.
Nothing...fucking nothing....At least that’s my Alibi.
“What the fuck Gabriel?! I told you to watch humanity while I was gone! You know how they are!” “With all due respect, my Lord, it was the best guy that dropped the virus .”
Ah....shit.
Thank you . I shall make sure we never meet again as a reward for your kindness.
I assure you . It will only involve me leaving.
Six. Reminds me of the devil.
Tripping over my own feet while backing up to get a picture of a cat and landing on my elbow on a cobble path.
This is adorable and agonizing at the same time.
That is too funny! Sounds like my Walnut (Walley) he’s bomb proof. Unless you hurt his feelings. Lol
A lot of praying and the public speaking as a kid helped too.
My friend had to push the button to cremate her Mom. In her religion the oldest daughter lights the pyre.
My husband’s Aunt had everybody process out to “Hot Hot Hot” at her funeral. She loved cruises and fun and wanted her final note to be fun.
Make the words apply: “Those ass holes are here?! Hell to the naw.” “A priest?!” Hell to the naw.” “They think thier in my will? Hell to the naw.”
I wanted that . Still do. What did Norse men do. (Viking is what they did. Not who they were.) a pyre right?
My Aunt had a “Living Wake”.
Oh dear Lord...please let it have been “Sympathy for The Devil” or “Do me.”
Nothing. Just silence.
I want to be pushed out on a wooden boat and set on fire. If I’m fed that would be optimal. Seriously though I do. I thought of a pyre but those are definitely not allowed.
Pukas are shape shifters and tricksters too right?
Yeah, the people at the aquarium thought I was pretty weird too.
I like reading urban legends and researching them.
A male intact Billy goat. They pee/cum on thier legs to attract the females. I had to clean the stall of one of those filthy buggers. Luckily I wasn’t his type. But did he STINK.
I’d take that over a male intact goat any day.
I had to clean the stall of one of those filthy creatures. Pretty sure it’s not just pee. I think they cum on thier legs too.
Trust me. Even smart people get tricked.
The first thing I was taught when I started working with dogs is never train the growl or bark out of a dog. Teach it to control the bark and the growl is a warning system. If a dog has no growl it will go straight for the bite and you will have no warning .
I hate shock collars.
That’s funny man!
Yes! When your ass blows off your done! 🤣
Good one
Steroids really? Why? Eucalyptus stones koalas I know that much.
Good to know. I never thought of this. What about ashes into the ocean?
No I meant cremation ashes.
You think? The dog men in my country are every bit as vicious. They just don’t change form or look very human.
No alcohol unfortunately. Just all her old friends and family coming to say goodbye. She did ask for her favorite wine and we brought it.
She thought I meant charred corpses. Imagine! Like I’d let that go to waste!
They were from Cambodia I think
You have a white stripe in your hair and dislike showers?
I love wolves. But they can’t have my body.
Absolutely.
LOL
Good to know.
Good plan!
Eu de turd is an acquired taste.
Or “ Circling the drain party”
Some guy wanted to name his memoir “Things to ponder while circling the drain.” His publicist made him change it.
Well...you know how you play with your model cars and like to make bad situations and watch what happens? It’s kind of like that.
Hopefully no one will forget the riots .
Boy and Girl
Love Big Bang
Why are people throwing blades? Need some blade safety training. Read what happened Mia Culpa . Totally not a blade throwing issue.
Damn it! It was my best one yet!
This is fantastic. I teared up. I’m writing a short story (Based on a song and short story.) where the Cheshire Cat is turned human by The Red Queen and sent to find Alice and reclaim her heart. This story made me think of it. Part of the song that inspired me is: “Save me! Save me! I’ve lost my memory. I’m outside this world looking in. Save me! Save me! I’m lost in the memory. And I swear that I’m a girl that’s never been.”
Now I just need to finish it. Thank you
Not sure how to feel about this. Brilliant story. Really great idea, well written. Just remember there are good police men too.
Well it might be construed as anti police...I was almost offended then I realised it painted a real picture in some cases.
Oh yes. I agree. I wasn’t badly bothered. I just felt the need to point that out. By the way the people that are rude to you need to stop and think of why they really are offended. It’s not your stories fault.
Oh I will! By the way your human Alias is Chestar C. shire.
I don’t know you. You don’t know me. So I won’t preach at you. You probably won’t care what I say anyway but hey! Maybe you’ll prove me wrong. I know and hope you are doing what you think is right not just for yourself but the country . The things you do make me sad and angry. But I want to understand your side. Will you put your fears and ego aside and tell me the truth? Please, I want to know.
Oh Christ...I was busy. Also fantasy apparently is real.
“I made a deal with the devil. “ she then proceeded to tell me she had a vengeance demon .
I have buttons . Big red blinking buttons in my mind and they will be pushed and I will be impeached.
Get other people to do it for you. Classic ruler trick. “And over to you Mr. Vice President.”
My friends friend named his cat portugese for pussy ( Phonetically la coo ca)
Lowering my voice to defuse an argument.
Male preying Mantises can’t ejaculate unless thier heads are ripped off.
Anarchy super sexy fun time.
Pick one I’ll learn them in two days tops.
“SO GOOD, Baby!” “Oh! So good!”
They are cute as hell and pretty chill. Don’t challenge them or corner them though or they will fuck you up. They’re crazy smart and can get into anything.
Almost forgot that! Thank you Sir!
Sorry I am too. There’s just something so comical about how Sir sounds some times. Especially after an insult. Are you a wolf girl like me? Noticed your name. My spirit animal.
:Whispers: Oh shit... :Starts humming spiritedly: IIII Forgot the liiiine! Damn! Damn Damn !
Ha ha volume. Like say someone is screaming at you and maybe you’re being loud back . If you. Suddenly stop yelling and speak normally some times the other person will either calm down and lower thier volume out of surprise or trying to figure out what you just said.
Yes. As opposed to what? It doesn’t always work obviously. If you’re both rip shit for many reasons no. You have to hit the sweet spot.
Thanks.
Yes! I ain’t got time or energy for this shit.
It may not work In some cases. But it does work I’ve seen it happen. I’ve also been in your shoes.
To far?
Yup. Especially with the gullible like me. In arguments it may get you punched but maybe that could end the argument too.
Unless they follow you. I hate that.
I can usually defuse. Worst part is I cry when I’m angry so I look weak as shit.
How did you give up face book and keep your close online friends? I am curious because I need out but don’t want to lose my friends. Congratulations! You are an inspiration to me!
Turns out it was a swat team who got the wrong house...yes?
It’s rediculous! That sounds like a set up personally. Unless they were doing a stake out hence the plain clothes. Disgusting.
I am so sorry about your sister. This happens a lot with Meningitis too with kids. The nurse my Mom called when I got sick did the same thing. Finally my Mom took me in and I had full blown meningitis. I got lucky and the nurse got a new orifice torn for herself. Doc was pissssed. Another boy was brought in a little after me. His Mom listened to the doctor and let him “sleep it off”. Instead he slipped into a coma. He died. I think about him a lot .
Awwww! So cute! Bad idea, but so cute !
Welcome to the world.
I think every little things gonna be all right Bro. This stuff is rare The media just covers the shut out of it.
Sounds like a dog man but not big enough and no snout or tail and you know you’re alive.
I didn’t say police violence I said swat teams getting the wrong house. Specifically and I said Mrs Taylor was a separate case as it seems like an assassination attempt more then anything.
God damn ...talking about DUMB ass . Sorry the gate erect and then all fours made me think of it.
And now I know. Thank you so much! My apologies.
It’s probably just an old myth that cane over with the French settlers.
Someone actually said that to me. I did think it looked like a set up.
Me too! I think we all can sympathize to a degree. The sad thing is the poor squank will never know how loved he is because of his own insecurities. Really one off the saddest cryptid legends I’ve heard.
Yes but change crushed skull to how long it takes for him to stroke out.
There must be entire generations of squanks out there though. If they dissolve when looked at. Why does no one teach the little Squanklets they are beautiful?
Oh they have? Actually some kind of primate makes sense .
Yup sounds like it to me.
Bet they talk!
Lucky you seeing a cryptid!
I literally just lost interest in breakfast
Sometimes people hate you for no reason. Sometimes you can feel so small and useless
They’re not in correct Calvin. Everyone has been lying to you your whole life. :Whispers: Don’t tell anyone you know or you might be in danger.
You know you could save yourself an awful lot of trouble if you just went the Hunger Games route. Plus! You can charge a fee to watch. I hear they like to watch their own kind die and fight.
Mmmmm oh and fresh meat is another plus.
I woke up to my mother telling me to come down. Then I realized I had fallen asleep reading Lord of The Rings and the book was in my arms. I shit you not. I was reading “The Two Tours” .
How do they know? Black box?
Fucking Hillarious...Literally.
So sad. Thank you.
Tragic. Thank you
But they must have been terribly afraid. No?
Not a move or TV show but a book series The Hunger Games trilogy was an unexpected eye opener. Suddenly I saw the class differences in a new light. The impact of wasting food became worse. Waste in general. Hunger and poverty stood out and the excess of the upper class and even my class (White and privileged) made me weep.
I hear you. So I guess it was a saving grace they had to try to save themselves.
I never said it was. Not sure why I’m being up voted. It was just a passing remark.
No ones making you read Pal. So why don’t you take your shit and shove it back up your ass.
I don’t have a dick and people like you make me glad I don’t.
Sorry...I was chewing on exstasy ...I mean a Milky Way.
If I said you win will it stop? I just got bored.
No but I can do it upside down.
You are truly kind sir.
Amelia air heart goes Down.
My husband and I have always had a sort of relationship where we kind of take the piss out of one another. One joke between us is jokingly calling each other names . So we were by my brother in law who treats his wife like she’s made of chins. So my husband says “Bitch, get your ass over here.” To start the joke and my Brother in law was horrified. We had to explain fast. That all that would happen is me flipping him off.
I have an elastic personality. So I have to be careful that I’m being myself and not just blending with the group or other person. I’m not lying when I blend I just instinctively start trying to blend with thier style , thier presence. It’s hard to explain. Some times I even slip into other peoples speech patterns or accents.
Yellow by Cold Play. Hear me out! Emotional attachment. I had a med mix up that forced me to go cold turkey from my meds for four days. I had a melt down. My cat had also died a week before. The only two things that got through was this song and one tiny frog figurine my Dad had that said “You’d be happy too. If you could eat what bugs you.” I love the song now. But it’s hard to listen to it. The actress Jodie Whittaker sang this cover for charity.
In college I was suffering from severe depression and it showed in my unusually messy and disjointed work . So one of my professors passes back my paper with a well deserved bad grade. If only she stopped there. But she felt the need to write: “If you do not improve your focus you will wander aimlessly through life forever.” How do you forget that? I am a person who is a wanderer. Since I left a job of six years . I have strong roots but I am still struggling to find a proper fit in the work force. I have tried and ultimately failed at many things. But learned so much. I have accepted that this is me and change is normal. But I still hear her voice in my head. “You will wander aimlessly through life.” Fuck you, Professor. I’m sorry but fuck you.
Jerks like that who put thier own fragile egos over the good of children make me sick. Never believe for a minute what he said is true. Everyone is important.
Animals! Dear lord I could talk for hours . Facts, behaviors . My own cute animal stories etc. I’ve gotten some back hand insults so I am shy but show an interest? God save your soul. My fandoms: Doctor Who The Hunger Games Harry Potter ( Sort of) Inheritance cycle Lord of the rings. Songs and stories. I am a bard. It’s what I do. I sing, I tell stories and I sometimes annoy people. Live with it. You’d be surprised how many people hate a story teller. “Toss a coin to your Witcher oh valley of plenty...”
Dude right there with you! I took a medieval weapons class and was in a like regiment briefly.
Best way to a man’s heart is through his arm pit.
I just fell in love with it again. I feared space as a kid. Love it now. Can’t get enough.
Yes they are. I collect daggers and swords. Modern blades don’t win my heart as much . But I love the survival knives . They feel so right in your hand.
Love the civil war!
Oh dear God. I was messing around with water colors and drew this weird childish image that a kid with mental issues would draw. A dark sky with a dark hill rising from water. On the hill is a shadow figure with fire shooting from it’s hands. Blood and vines cover the sides of the hill. Fun times .
Nevertheless she persisted.
Who says I regretted masturbation?
I can fake palm read because I am so good at picking up on people.
I am forty one years old and I cannot float for long, ride a bike or do a cart wheel.
My husband and I live in a cute little house in the country where he has his dream computer job and I am a practicing alternative healer and own an animal sanctuary where I employ the needy. I finally decided to have children because the women in my village all raise children together. I have three. One son and twin red headed daughters. My family lives nearby happily .
Jeepers creepers It’s based on the story of a couple that was riding down the highway and nearly got hit by a speeding car with the letters “GZ” on it’s license plate. “Geeze he’s in a hurry !” They said. Later they saw the same guy holding a bloody sheet while outside a cabin. They told the authorities and were able to remember the license plate number because of thier games. Turns out the guy killed his wife and it wasn’t his only kill.
I agree. Just trying to be comforting and I got schooled. I was wrong.
I was born doing this...literally. Born with immature lungs which led to an incubator. I was supposed to die or be nothing but a vegetable. As the Doctor put it. I lived and you could never tell I have severe brain damage.
Better to live then to risk a end we don’t know. What beauty is in this world is far better then the possibilities of the unknown in my mind. Oh yeah! And there’s bacon!
Or had a baby nearby or been a male defending his territory. Unfortunately we can’t know. Sad it had to go down like that . But human safety before animals is what I was taught.
There are other reasons. Like defending territory or thier fauns. Rutting season (They wanna fuck so bad it drives them nuts.) or even play if the deer was very young. But maybe rabies . Who knows.
Dude! Then don’t be a dick!
“OK Mrs. uh...West? Let me see if I have your address right Emerald City Oz? Right...”
I had a mild case of this . But it has to be wet and cold.
“All Men Must Die.”
I was famous at work for this line.
“Holy Giant Ant eater of Santa Anita!”
I remember that! 😂
Oh you got it wrong. You were late on your payments . They did warn you they’d be repossessed.
I knew it was really going to happen a second before they panned out. I closed my eyes thinking they’d show it.
Holy crap! That’s terrible! Do they all get it?
I will look it up. Do I need to watch the whole episode?
Now I am.
It checks out wouldn’t you say? 😬
That stuff doesn’t always work for everyone. You no sooner “find” yourself then it changes or you lose it again or you spend the whole searching process unproductively. You really need some sort of guide or process to show you the best route.
My friends husband was lucky enough to receive a transplant to replace his liver. He is currently doing just fine. No disease should be dismissed as a death sentence. But yes it is ugly and yes my friend was very lucky.
Shall I write you one?
It’s a bitch, No?
I didn’t know he was a ghost! I just thought he got left behind and the guy found him. I’m not ok...
A tooth as a kid. My Mom ripped the manager a new one . Then we realized it was my own tooth that had fallen out while eating.
“Excuse me, but I take personal offense that his food was contaminated and mine was not! I demand you defile my food or I will write to your CEOS . I mean really? Next you’ll tell me I have to defile my own food!”
Looks like you found your guy.
R.I.P. Almond You were a good butter fly. Almond says he knows you tried and thank you.
Not by the end.
Keep digging Watson
Isn’t that the guy from that book by Brom Stoker?
I worked with dogs and our kennel sold merchandise. Some disgusting shit is gourmet to dogs . Bull penis, elk horn, pig ears, cow hooves and my personal favorite salmon skin. Stunk the lobby out .
I recite rhymes. Short ones . Over and over. My favorites are “As I was going down the stair. I met a man who wasn’t there. He wasn’t there again today. I wish,I wish he’d go away.” And- “ In el Karim I met a man and he had yellow eyes. He said: Listen not to whispers for they only whisper lies. Seek not the demons of the dark, Lest upon your mind they leave a mark Seek not the mysteries of the deep. Lest they haunt you while you sleep.” I also do some grounding. I say my name my address and one thing I can smell, taste, touch and see.
Bad Stroker? Sounds like a porn star
Shit auto correct you have failed me.
Ian
My nipples literally inverted and hid reading this.
Now you’ve done it! My nipples are cowering behind my spine! Who knows when they’ll come out again!
Fat was an asset in the Gladiatorial Arena. Professional gladiators would get really Chonky that way they could sustain a much deeper and gruesome looking wound and survive . In short they could put on a show. Didn’t keep it from hurting though. Trust me you have awesome pain tolerance.
Hey, shit happens man. We’re trying to make things work. Change is scary and necessary. This has been a long time coming and well here we are. We’ve been in for this for a long time and now it’s here. I’ve cried and still cry for others, for my country and my own guilt . I’m not OK. We’re not OK No one is OK. But it will be
It is that bad. You may not see it, I may not see it but it is that bad. Between the virus, the gun problems and the civil rights issue were a burning coal train heading toward a gas station. True we are safe and removed . I get you. But trust me. Things are not “Meh”.
Soooo how are things not that bad then?
Ok....everyone except this guy over here is not OK!
And there it is! What he said.
Watch the news to train.
Did the cops do all those school shootings too?! Whoa man! Things are worse then I thought!
I agree. Thank you Sir! I will refrain from a reward but well done.
Hmmmmmm you got some good facts behind all that? Glad your happy in your world. I can tell by your obvious expertise on issues that you are a great researcher so what have you been doing to help educate the ignorant? I have several hobbies, thoroughly enjoy my life and find ignorant , angry , shit disturbers like you frankly laughable . Your right, in a way I am a useless cunt I don’t do half what I should to make things right. What I’m not is hateful . So I’m useless and a cunt because I stated my truth? At least my truth was presented at a level above a ring tailed lemur on crack. Go fuck yourself.
See?! One more problem!
Go build your bunker.
Yeah...you right...I talk a lot but I’m ashamed of myself.
Why not . You won’t listen to a word I say anyway. That’s how it goes. You think your right. I think I’m right and round and round it goes . Ok that was rude. I’m sorry. What I should have said was “peace out”. The truth is I’m tired of it all. Nobody wins. So just you win I guess.
Okkkk you can have them..thier inside this here padded room.
Perhaps you’d like to enlighten me? No seriously I’m lazy.
Yeah the best drugs on earth are in our own bodies dude.
It was a joke. You do you
Outward ok and internal ok are two different things.
It isn’t?
I don’t care how many are dying. My point is people are dying and it seems more people in America can’t follow or don’t want to follow rules to help us do even better and have less people dying.
LOL Sorry I don’t know how to post here.
It’s good to know that. Thank you.
It does indeed.
Awwww! It has his name on it! Love it!
I had a pet wolf that protected me and kept me company when I was bullied or afraid of other wolves. My Mom said I used to have one called “Haker” but I Don’t remember him.
So beautiful! I believe kids can see angels. It’s nice you remember her.
For the worst of the worst. Combine the most poisonous plants on earth with edible plants all mixed up in an enclosure. Throw the perps in for a few weeks. Little or no training . Whoever survives gets thier freedom. To people that down voted me you did ask for the worst. I have it. Ok maybe the earning your freedom thing should be done away with but it’s incentive for them to go willingly. If this offended you I am sincerely sorry...but this is reddit.
Metal
Pick a fight online just because you want to vent. It usually happens when I’m already approaching deep shit cove and just kind of dive right in.
What the hell is it anyway? Sorry serious question.
“Eat my hand Sanitizer Mother Fucker!” “This time YOU die.”
“Well that sucked more shit then a gerbil at a kink party.”
We have “Window cat” that we talk to from our window while she is in hers.
OK I just shit someone else’s pants that was so freaky.
I just found out. Thank you .
Um I have heard in some places now they are using them as a form of protest. BUT I could be wrong.
“My condolences.”
Same here
Thier so chill up top. Meanwhile thier paddling like crazy underneath. I like the sounds they make and how they just seem to give zero fucks.
Sssssh! Mother Nature likes to keep that shit quiet. It’s not every duck.
That’s geese man. Ducks prefer ass play. At least one sided.
Someone on here had two named “Quacky Chan” and Duck Norris.”
At five years old. The son of one of my Mom’s trusted friend took me up to his room and molested me. He never touched me but he got buck naked and had me lay in bed with him. He took advantage of my curiosity and innocence saying “ I could touch it if I wanted.” Before he had been the kindest and nicest guy ever. Helped me make friends with the dog. I didn’t know what being groomed was back then.
Ooooh...today I learned. I was shoving it all up my ass all this time.
Do WE both learned something! :Hugs: My shame is gone!
Really? That’s funny! I just kind of thought of it. Love the ferret in that.
This cracked me up. I love it!
Yip! Yip! Yip! (Satanic noises from the mouth of hell it’s self.)
Stomp. Munch. Stomp stomp munch. SNIFFFF!
Imagine a nightmare but it doesn’t end once you wake up. You come out of your fear and shock and it’s still there.
Almost identical to my mini horse experience. Even horses hate mini horses they are duoches
Painting badly, coloring and singing to myself and others really loudly.
You compliment my post so well.
Oh this is is easy! I’ll just start telling them about daily life. “I get up..I eat...I go on my phone..I eat...”
My reaction too. I could just see me in my death bed looking up and seeing this huge ass coming ... “Naturally...”
I woke up in bed with my friends Mom. Luckily O was seven years old, female and they knew I sleep walked.
My Walnut loves hair ties. Charlie is adorable!
I actually have stepped on multiple dogs tails and they ran away. I rubbed a cAts belly and got mauled. I love both just saying nothing is safe.
Having to touch every, single thing I find interesting. I can never just look for very long. Also I love reading books aloud. Even if it isn’t English....you see where this is going.
I have to say no. I want to say yes. There is too much depending on the internet to sabotage it. People would be ruined and killed etc. If I could I would just crash social media platforms.
“Hey! Gimme that pretzel!” -seven year old me in my sleep.
Dog man or crime scene photos
“Aw! Geez! Not you guys again! Leave me the fuck alone!”
That’s because they use sex for the solution to everything instead of violence. Might work. “Dude! You spilled my drink!” “Sorry, my bad! I’ll buy you a new one and you want say...a blow job? If you don’t want me we can work something out.”
Rabbits The males will beat the shit out of anything they see asa threat and the does eat thier young at times. Both bite.
My parents new cat brings live animals into the house to play. He brought the same baby rabbit in three times. We think as it looked very similar.
I’d fuck them so much harder.
Yup no fun then.
I know right? People with sex addictions would be humanitarian s!
Kind of the same in human society...the spectrum. Except violence crosses over.
If we discipline our children we will develope a society where dick and Vag are like get out of jail free cards?
Eragon
“Turns out...I don’t got this.”
Ellis. Eli Ernie
So these lumber Jacks in Michigan we’re bored and saw what they thought was a dog. They started chasing it around and stuff and it ended up running into a log. One guy poked around with a stick and the thing let out this God awful scream and came out...then it stood up right. This was the first of many many sightings of these up right canines called “Dog men” My two favorites come from “The Dog Man Song” In the 1800s a widow dreamed her house was surrounded by canines that walked erect like men and screamed like a mix between wolves and men. The last one still makes me never look out a window. A group of hippies were approached by a ranger as they were rushing to leave the park. He asked what Their hurry was suddenly and one of the men explained: They were awakened the night before by strange taping on the window of thier Van. They pulled back the curtains and there was this giant wolf like creature looking in snarling.
Let me look it up. It’s pretty well known tale. There’s a song called “The Dog Man Song” written by a DJ find it on you tube it has all supposes dates. There’s a little he just made up too so not sure. Lots of sightings even ones up to the present. Google “Michigan Dogman”. Looked it up it was 1967 with the hippies. But the song suggests other dates. I’m pretty jaded but these Dog Men just terrify and thrill me.
At church ...with the priest.
Give me a name so I can boy cot
Trying to hide extreme arousal. Like arousal so high your bits tingle. It can be quite uncomfortable. Especially if object of desire is not acceptable to fuck. Then they tap your shoulder and you end up in HR with a law suit.
That there is no virus.
I heard some kid sing “Better run better run faster then my brother.”
The sound of antique plains going over head, especially bombers. Sirens like ready to run scared. Storms
My God son was sitting eating his ice cream looks across the table dead into his Sister’s eyes and says “Layna died.” (That’s his Sister.) Long pause then we all cracked up even him “ Layna is right there eating her ice cream like a good girl. Silly!” I watched Layna like a Hawk all day. Same child looked into the ashes in the fire place and asked “Are thier dead people in there?”
Apathy
Cuss my hyper friend for waking me up like it was an emergency then just wanting to talk. At eight fucking o’clock.
Nah...I don’t care. Just kidding. The greatest sin in my mind is to not care about anything. Not stand for anything just choose to not care. I’d rather you called me a useless cunt then act like I’m nothing. Apathy, means to me a total disregard and lack of action for anything. Very destructive. Hope that helped
Also he may not have the training necessary to know wild food from poison. Even experts make mistakes. Which is a shame because that is damn good advice. The only few I know for sure are: Dandelion greens Wood sorrel (look like clovers but with heart shaped leaves.) Not much help. You may want to invest in a foraging book if you live in a rural area. Just in case.
Why? I don’t understand that.
Too bad. But that makes sense.
Not my son. My God son. I am Catholic and we choose God parents that are supposed to help keep your child guided spiritually and safe if anything happens to the parents. It’s mostly a symbolic act now. He is my cousin’s boy. He was like four or five when this happened. He’s a big buff surfer dude now. Smart as hell and into meditation and healthy living. No creepy talk. Layna (not her real name ) is in college and beautiful and healthy. Just a phase kids go through. Death fascination. His Dad is into alternate approach’s to things and holistic approach’s. I’m pretty sure he got a very broad spectrum of ideas from an early age.
“You think I’d waste this body on dick?”
“But Daaaad we live in Alaska!”
It was a joke and I read all but the last. I was referring to how Carlisle treats his family. But your right it was a shit post.
Yeah and my spelling is shit.
I think the darkest thoughts some times and am very good at imagining extremely brutal/dark things. I have disturbed even myself when allowed to indulge it. I am also fascinated by unique deaths , death photos etc. When I was extremely depressed it started and never really left. It would repel people because in reality I am kind, gentle and even naive. I hold myself to almost too strict personal goals and moral things (I have learned to ease off now.) I think it’s because deep down I know what a bad girl I could be if I chose to. I think by nature I am good but like anyone else I have a dual nature.
I too get easily swept away by romantic gestures, sweet talk, kindness. Compliments. I fight it but part of me just craves it. I am married to a wonderful man but it is still there. Luckily I can control it.
You want to know my favorite sub reddit big boy? I know lots of creepy moments too. My rates are good.
“Oh the humanity!”
Um....my bad. But I mean if you don’t mind...
It’s only a joke. Let’s just let it go. Sorry. I think I meant it for someone else.
