I agree. The people in the middle seem to have neither - neither good connections nor good community camaraderie.
$ = tax. Yes. Is that not obvious? &gt;Based on your argument. Only white landowners used to be able to vote. Should that still be the case because it was how america was founded. Such a stupid argument. You clearly don't remember history, because poll taxes were created in the post-civil war era to keep black people from voting. There was no issue with poll taxes when America was founded.
Are you running a relatively standard full synthetic, or something like motul race blah blah?
Sue you for what? Statutory rape is a criminal issue. If you aren't indicted - which you wouldn't be, because that's not the law _in that state_, then that's it. What are they going to sue you for? People get their names dragged through the mud for forcible rape, date rape, but nobody cares about someone's parents making waves _in another state_ because you're 18 and she's 17. Neither does the school. Because. As I said. The laws in the state in which you and the school are located make it a non-issue.
None of which are civil cases. Try again
CA has roughly a 2:1 ratio of dem vs rep voters, at least in some recent elections, on the federal level. The previous election, the two most popular senate candidates in the primaries were both D, so the election was D vs D. It is relatively likely that both the governor and senator positions will be D vs D for quite a while, which I quite like (for a few reasons.) Honestly, if we're talking about the health of this country, I'd want to see what it looked like when red strongholds have R vs R than R vs D. R vs D means a lot of people vote straight ticket, sanity be damned. R vs R or D vs D means people need to actually assess the candidates on their own strengths, and will hopefully choose the better ones. For example, Harris beat What's-Her-Face with a _bigger margin than Hillary beat Trump_ in California, which is amazing considering it was a D vs D senate race.
They've been doing this for ages and ages. I got a lifetime alignment in 2011 and have been using it ever since, at various corners of the country, without issue. The key point here, IMO, is this: Firestone kind of sucks. As a whole. Don't trust them with anything fancy. Honestly I don't even trust them to look at my fluids, because they've fucked that up before. They do my alignment and they do nothing else. Obviously, they also cannot / will not / should not be trusted to do any alignment to any sort of non-standard spec. Want a sports car aligned to a more aggressive street/track spec? Go to an actual alignment shop. Firestone will set your wheels to be 'straight' and that's about it.
I'd add that there are tangible things produced on the islands - raw goods, and often processed versions of those. Sugar cane -&gt; sugar, molasses, rum, etc. Tourism is obviously huge for smaller islands. The more, the better, for the most part. But I don't think an island with, what, three million people (?) should live off tourism - tourism is not terribly diversified, and is somewhat cyclical (obviously seasonal, and also economic downturns affect tourism heavily.) There are plenty of other things that could be produced on smaller islands with no need to import much - specifically, things that aren't tangible goods; services and information (obviously including software.) Really, I think that the islands face a worse version of the same problem that the US rural areas face: raw goods are commodities and making commodities doesn't pay terribly well and/or is not a good long-term strategy. Either you're already facing cut-throat competition (often from parts of the world where those commodities can be produced with less labor cost), or you will in the future. The processing of raw goods is a value-add, and seriously difficult, or expensive, or time-consuming processing of raw goods is a huge value add where companies can build moats around themselves and sell something different, something that isn't a simple commodity. Iron is cheap, forged steel I-beams made to spec with excellent QA are not. Sugar cane is cheap, great rum is ... well, a lot less cheap. The problem is that that extra step, the fine processing into a unique product difficult to replicate, generally requires a lot of investment - dollar capital, and human capital, specifically well-educated / well-trained human capital. Where there is brain drain, where people want to gtfo, and where anyone with (or capable of getting) a good education leaves if they can, there's not a lot of well-trained human capital left. Hard to write world-class software or make the best-toleranced ball bearings where there's rampant poverty and meth/heroin/etc use. But of course it's cyclical - hard for an area to be prosperous and for the population to seek and appreciate education where there aren't jobs for the educated anyways, and most of those who are leave when they can. Breaking cycles like this is really bloody difficult. Tourism can be an easy, if temporary, partial fix - pump a lot of money into the economy. But then, you also need to make sure the money goes into the right place - not taken as 50% profit margin out of the system by huge hotel-etc companies, right? Not to mention that tourism can be a hard sell in an area rife with crime and violence (bred by desperation), and then you're talking about fencing off tourist areas, and then the same problem - money doesn't end up back in the economy improving everyone's lives, just the select few. Tough, really, it is.
Only if it coincides with an economic downturn, otherwise whiskey seems too hot and only getting hotter to have a real bust any time soon.
Your submission has been removed from r/photography. There is a dedicated thread for gear buying, simple questions, and other questions related to your individual situation. It is stickied at the top of the subreddit. https://www.reddit.com/r/photography/comments/7netmi/official_question_thread_ask_rphotography/ You should read the FAQ and buyer's guide before posting - http://www.reddit.com/r/photography/wiki/index
https://www.reddit.com/r/cars/comments/7n6dsq/help_its_cold_and_snowing_outside_what_kind_of/ does cover some of that as well. Anyways, in LA, summer tires are fine, all-weather tires are fine. I wouldn't bother getting anything fancy for a mazda 3, just your basic commuter tires. Just search TireRack.com for summer and all-weather tires, sort them by reviews/ratings, find the best one in your budget, and buy that. Don't over-think it. Don't spend a thousand dollars on michelin sport 4s or anything silly like that, that's for sure.
IMO spirits are an absolutely horrible investment. Also if blue agave suffers, there's like thirty other agave species people use to make mezcal.
I'm not saying tequila is going to change its name, I'm saying that if tequila suffers, there's plenty of reasonable alternatives made from other species of agave. They're mezcal, not tequila, but that's okay. Will they taste the same? Of course not. But if distilleries saw a complete collapse in their stock of blue agave, they'd start making mezcal with the same processes, it would take time of course - but like you said, bananas already went through that change, it's certainly possible. Will the bottles be worth serious money? You really need to look at opportunity cost. On average, your basic index fund (or equivalent index) has returned somewhere around 7-9% over the past many decades. So let's say you buy $1000 worth of tequila bottles today and keep them for 20 years. If you invested the money instead, that would have been worth around $4-6k. Now, you have the obvious pitfall of the tequila strategy: what if there is no collapse in blue agave? Your bottles aren't worth much at all. What are the chances of a collapse? But there's more. - You need space to store your bottles. - You need to store them in a properly controlled environment, otherwise their value plummets. - You have to pay taxes when you buy the bottles. - You're technically not legally allowed to sell the bottles on the secondary market (you may or may not be allowed 20 years from now.) - You will incur costs when selling them. Legally and above-board, there are taxes and auction fees and whatnot. - Your bottles are fragile, a bump and they're worth nothing. - People's tastes may have changed, maybe people don't care much about tequila in 20 years. - You have to choose bottles that people will want, even if they like tequila. What if you guess wrong? - It's not a terribly liquid (haha) investment; it takes time to sell bottles if you want full price for them. So maybe you look at scotch. Sure, if you chose a Port Ellen or a Brora 20 years ago, maybe now it's worth money - is it worth ~4-6x what was paid for it? Maybe. But if you chose wrong, if you chose one of the countless distilleries that either didn't close or that nobody cares about, then what? Your bottles are a curiosity, you might be able to get a few bucks for them, but not that much, especially not after auction fees and various other costs. For the vast majority of people, investing in alcohol - like, actual investing - is a fool's game. It's very very difficult to guess what will be in fashion in several decades, where people's tastes will be, what will or will not be rare. VTSMX (or similar) will outperform an investment in alcohol 98 times out of 100, and it will do so in ways that cost you less in transaction fees, require no upkeep, and the investment is far easier to liquidate any time you want.
I don't think so. I bet Bannon is more or less clean (of collusion-related crimes, anyways.) Bannon wants nationalism. It seems entirely likely that trump will no longer give him what he wants. Bannon also loves being important, so, two birds with one stone: get a ghost writer to write a book that will sell like hotcakes for a short while, make money, all while shitting on trump. Plus, it sets him back up nicely as the anti-government guy, as opposed to the guy who played nice within the government. He legitimately wants to tear it all down, and it's hard for his supporters to believe that if he's all friendly with the white house.
I'm continually impressed by little four-bangers running 20 pounds of boost. Not impressed enough that I'd want to own an old one, though.
Why the hell did reddit delete this post? Their spam filter is doing fucky shit. Anyways ... yeah. Bottle porn! Happy new year
You know, it's funny, I remember finding and excitedly buying the 2000 batch because apparently the 2001 was not as good, according to /r/bourbon circa 2011. I'd fucking _love_ a bunch of people to do a blind tasting because - 2000, 2001, 2002, 2003, 2005, 2007 what the fuck ever, I've tried a good number of them, and I wouldn't sit there and tell you that 2005 is obviously better than 2007.
I honestly couldn't remember who other than Via could be affected ... it probably won't matter because it's just a few old systems and it's a reduction in performance but not much worse than that. I'd be interested in seeing absolute figures too though.
[I do not.](https://www.reddit.com/r/Futurology/comments/7o5024/warren_buffett_on_the_us_economy_the_tsunami_of/ds7fb9d/)
A while ago, I've made a statement: every straight bourbon is fine. They may or may not be great, interesting, whatever, but they're all fine. So when I saw this thing on sale for ... $7? Something like that? It's been ages. When I saw it, I wanted it, because I didn't have a cheapo bourbon at home. By the way, I tested this theory with [Distiller's Pride](https://www.reddit.com/r/bourbon/comments/1zazsh/review_distillers_pride_5/) which I bought for a grand total of $5 (plus tax) in that one county of MD where it's state-run and they don't care about profit. Anyways, I drank this one neat out of a glencairn, all proper, before later just mixing the shit out of it. **Nose** Sweet. Oak, sour cherry, tannin, vanilla, and most shockingly, pretty much no sharp smell of ethanol. **Taste** Mild, smooth, and very plain. And I mean veeery plain. Oak, vanilla, sour, sweetish. That's it. **Finish** Tannin, short, barely warming. **Final Conclusions** This lived up to my expectations. For a rock-bottom (on-sale) price, it was ... cheap. And it was bourbon. It didn't offend me, it didn't have the subtle taste of vomit or the clear hint of bad decisions in college. It was just plain, shockingly smooth, bourbon, with nothing interesting about it whatsoever. If only the sale-price was its every-day price; I think Safeway wants like ... $11? for it normally, which is maybe a bit too much. Anyways. Theory re-affirmed: dirt cheap straight bourbon has never yet been _bad_. **3 / 5 stars**; plain, inoffensive, and _cheap_. &amp;nbsp; ^(0: wtf&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp; 1: no&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp; 2: meh&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp; 3: ok&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp; 4: yes&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp; 5: absolutely and without a doubt)
Alright, basics: 57.5% ABV (115 proof), non-chill filtered, 10yo single malt. Sherry finish, highland. $60 plus tax. I haven't yet opened by bottle of Aberlour A'Bunadh, so I obviously can't give a good comparison, but it does seem reasonably clear that this bottle is (at least trying to be) a competitor. Had it neat out of a tumbler, thanks to a sharing friend; and had it on two separate occasions, which was great. **Nose** Sweet, mild ethanol for something this strong. Very vanilla, wine-y, sherry. **Taste** Shockingly smooth, again, for the ABV; very little taste of ethanol. Sweet, candy, raisins, oaky, vanilla, malt. Subtle, like most highlands tend to be. **Finish** Short, sweet. **Final Conclusions** Highlands are always a little too subtle for me. I'm happy when I get to go back and re-try some, like I did this bottle. Thankfully, this relatively high-proof bottle was a lot less subtle than usual, and gave up more after I had it a second time. I quite enjoyed it. I also do tend to enjoy bottles that are a little younger - while they do have a 20-year-old Deanston (that I haven't tried), this particular bottle is plenty good at 10yo and doesn't particular need to be older. At $60, if you were looking for a cask-strength-or-similar sherry-finished highland ... I see absolutely no reason not to buy this bottle. **4 / 5 stars**; solid, layered, interesting scotch, made right, and at a good price. &amp;nbsp; ^(0: wtf&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp; 1: no&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp; 2: meh&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp; 3: ok&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp; 4: yes&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp; 5: absolutely and without a doubt)
I finally get to be in the top 1%! Woo
I have driven mine to 49 states, ~40k miles of road trip. It's a reasonably reliable car, though I've worn out quite a lot more suspension-related components through hard use than is usual for these cars. The 3800 is fantastic, the 4T65e/-HD is okay until it's not. The suspension is shockingly decent for such a boat, until it wears out, then the lesson I learned is to buy OEM and not bother with aftermarket for the most part ... ugh.
Well yeah. Between having their cars so in demand that it can take ages to be _allocated_ one, and having people cheerlead the company (and especially the occasional twitter shitpost from the CEO), there's no need yet to advertise. The brand is strong and the demand is significantly larger than the supply. Not to mention that part of their business is industrial (battery factory) and there's not exactly a whole lot of paid advertising in that world - the specs and prices are published and OEMs and installers either do or do not buy from the ODM.
I will never again be fooled by any advertisement by or for or on behalf of crown royal. Hard pass.
That doesn't sound a ton like a martini though! What do you call that?
I can never decide if I'd be more embarrassed to be represented by someone who seems to competently advance causes I hate, or someone who's functionally illiterate. I guess there's just too many different types of embarrassment. I bet the Germans have a proper word or two to differentiate them.
Make sure to use horizontal mode. Bonus points if you buy one of those cheap clip on telephoto lenses and a cheap gorilla tripod so we can enjoy it properly.
Out of the loop, please help
If you left a spare set in the car and the car was broken into and stolen, that still sounds like car theft to me, right?
Oh I get it. Thanks!
It's a winter park, genius. Go there in the winter. When it's not 130 degrees F.
Do sweet and dry vermouth then - a perfect instead of a sweet to balance the flavors.
Integer division is truncated, which is what I assume you meant by 'rounded in direction of 0'?
Or the students don't give a shit because they're not interested in poetry in 7th grade or whatever. Or both!
Agreed, for the most part - as long as what they do isn't hurting other people, well, they put time and money and love into what they see as their craft. I will shit on someone for doing something legitimately dangerous (to other people - do whatever you want to yourself, mostly), or anything purposefully designed to be bad to other people (rolling coal). But those are behaviors, not 'classes' of hobby.
Aw yeah that's the one these days
bruh. Are you purposefully making things difficult for yourself? Instead of spending "a day at most" to "write a tool," why not just take what's given to you and understand how the author was able to solve your problem in several minutes? It's clearly a, whatdya call it, quantum leap in methodology over what you currently are familiar with. His code is the excavator to your proposed shovel.
Orange is fine and has been fine for a long time. Just don't let anyone mix the two.
Yes, and they're apparently rated for most street and competition use, except for power adders I believe.
ALSO DON'T TYPO YOUR OWN BLOODY USERNAME, THANKS
Have you considered that the women who wanted to date someone with a degree weren't looking for money specifically?
Unattractive people moaning about how unattractive they are is pretty unattractive too. But I can't decide if it's more or less unattractive than attractive people fishing for compliments.
She's smart to stay the _fuck_ out of it. And frankly we'd be smart to leave her out of it, she didn't choose who she was born to, but she chose to not get involved in their dumbassery.
To add to that, heads are short for cylinder heads. Headers are short for exhaust headers.
So close to $1337/hp, but you can get there with options.
There's an old truism: something is only worth what someone will pay for it. Almost inevitably, the person looking to buy new is willing to pay a premium for the new-ness, and the associated perks, than someone else would be willing to pay for the identical car, used. This is why the minute a car rolls off the lot, its value (in almost all cases) depreciates. How _much_ depends on the customer base _of that specific car._ For example, if you were selling a base model Honda Civic that was one day old with 50 miles, it would depreciate _differently_ from a one-day-old luxury car. Like a 7-series. In addition to all that, you have to account for the car's total cost of ownership at the point of sale. For example, a 60k mile 7-series has a total cost of ownership that is significantly, significantly higher than a 60k-mile base model honda civic. Why? Parts cost, labor cost, reliability, and maintenance schedule, effectively. What's the customer base for a 60k-mile base model honda civic? People who need to go from A to B. What's the customer base for a 60k-mile 7-series? People who want _luxury_. Someone who needs a tool to go from A to B has a fairly basic math that goes behind their budget; someone who wants luxury has math behind their budget that's all over the place. Thus, there is going to be a lot more variance. Additionally, the _need_ a person has of getting from A to B is roughly fixed: if a person has school, or needs to drive their kids, or has to go to work, they will generally _need_ a mode of transportation that is adequate. They may be able to use public transit, or ride-shares, or they may be able to move, but on a basic level they need an A-B car. Needs will command a more stable price. I'd say that there's a certain ratio in the need of the first buyer and the second. The first buyer of a base model honda civic _needs_ to go from A to B and _wants_ a new car, quite probably _needs_ many of the perks of it being new (reliability, warranty.) The second buyer has the same A-B need, though potentially less of one with regards to warranty and reliability. On the other hand, the second buyer of a 60k-mile 7-series does not in any way, shape, or form, need that particular car; they just want luxury. They probably need someone that goes A-B, but ... eh, there's a whole world of cars that will satisfy. They _want_ the 7-series. And since they're looking for a car that's used or out of warranty, their need and want is significantly smaller than the first owner who bought it new.
But if (and I generally agree that) Nazi Germany was undoubtedly more directly malevolent, and it's in much sharper memory for people, why are there so few "hard feelings" left over directed at the current citizens? That's what's so interesting. It's more recent, it's worse, but people are far less interested in pointing fingers at the children and grandchildren of those who were responsible.
Pai has lied about everything. I don't believe his claims of death threats for a moment. He merely didn't want to get booed for an hour straight at CES.
We ain't seen nothin' yet
Probably packaging and weight and ease of installation.
Yeah, what the fuck kind of life hack is this? The proper tools are like $8. Just go buy a set of bits that work with a ratchet, maybe an extension too.
On the plus side, she's not terrible. She refused to vote on party lines for the anti-healthcare bill because (obviously) it would hurt the people she represents far more than help them. I've always found that Alaskan ideas of a Republican is much closer to Libertarian than GOP: the entire state seems to mostly want to be left the fuck alone.
Wow, I think that looks terrible. It looks like cheap cast aluminum wheels with an almost chrome finish... ugh. I've always thought the Veyron was pretty ugly, to be honest, but I never appreciated how much I dislike the wheels.
http://google.com
Does baby spit taste different from adult spit?
In my experience, a bunch of econoboxes have bakes that are very grabby, yes. Often it seems like most of the brake actuation is in the 5-25% pedal travel range, then you push further and get nothing.
Yes, it depends on the battery you have, that's why I specified that you use a battery capable of high power output. I'm telling you what kind of battery to choose. Generally speaking, choose one that other people use for similar tasks. The L298 is very popular. It's a rather low power H-bridge. If that's okay for your needs, go for it, but I suggest you use something significantly beefier. I like Pololu's series of motor controllers. Yes, the motor power supply is generally run directly off the battery, or depending on your style of battery, off the charge/discharge controller of the battery or the regulated output.
1) &gt; I mean, there's no estate or saloon car that's both mass produced and can do sub-10s 0-200 kph The difference between 7 seconds and 10 seconds is huge. 2) You can't just stroll in and buy a LaFerrari, 918, or Veyron. Sure, you can get your hands on one for $2-3m+ for the cheapest ones, but "plenty?" Nor can you easily find a 'Weineck Cobra', which they made 15 of, and isn't even remotely a production vehicle. At that point, you may as well throw the 1000+ horsepower corvettes into the ring, because they're a hell of a lot cheaper and more consumer-accessible, but you're still talking about either cars you need to be invited to buy for (often well into the) 7 figures, or effectively one-offs made by some shop somewhere. Unlike the 'Weineck Cobra', I can get a 1000 horsepower corvette inside of a month - or build one in three. "Plenty" would usually mean something more than the most expensive hypercars ever built, ones that were sold in extremely limited numbers, and in most cases ones sold only to certain people on an invite list.
Okay. So here's the basic idea ... A basic H-bridge is a set of four FETs, two n-channel on the low side, two p-channel on the high side. These will usually be high-power, very low on-resistance (Rds_on) FETs. For example, if you have a 5mOhm Rds_on, and you pass through ten amps, you will drop (V = IR = 10 * 0.005 = 0.050) volts across the FET's drain-to-source. If you have four FETs that you imagine arranged as top-right, top-left, bottom-right, bottom-left, obviously N-channel is on the bottom and P-channel is up top. If you activate the top-right and bottom-left the motor spins one way, if you active the top-left and bottom-right it spins in reverse. If you activate both bottom FETs it should free-spin quite a bit longer, if I remember correctly; in other words, you do have more control over how fast it stops or how well it spins freely, if you want it. Now, the _control_ for these FETs will come from your controller - that's your h-bridge IC's _logic_ supply. The _power_ for the motor will come directly from your _power_ supply. So when you say "How much would the IC itself take out of the supply," this isn't really a valid question, because that's not really how an h-bridge IC works. This is why I wanted to back up and figure out what you know. The logic is separate from the power that feeds the motor, and the voltage dropped (and power dissipated) inside the IC should be nearly zero. Of course, like I said, that particular H-bridge IC is popular ... but it cannot control a high-power load. If you try, it will literally catch on fire - ask me how I know. If you hook this up to (eg) as 12-volt battery, you will, as I said before, need to ensure you have a regulated 5 volt supply. But you can feed the 12 volts directly to the H-bridge as the h-bridge/motor power supply.
You mean wolf mermaids
A standard nine volt? The rectangular kind? If so I can promise you it's capable of far more current than that. Also that's a schematic symbol, not a layout. As you can see that schematic uses 5v for logic and 7v for motor power. I highly highly recommend you look up the datasheet for that part. It will explain everything.
Honestly I'm an anejo or reposado guy, blancos just aren't super my thing. Not that I don't have some, use some, appreciate them, etc - I've just never had a 5-star blanco, to my tastes.
Yeah, those electric water pumps are known for failing at like 60k. Plastic impellers. Apparently the OEM replacements use metal impellers but new car still get the ones with plastic? Something like that. Disgusting IMO.
&gt; (even right now, you can get a decent one for $309). Out of curiosity, which one?
&gt; https://www.crowdsupply.com/krtkl/snickerdoodle Interesting. Do they have support for diff pairs? The Zynq only does through its FMC connector, which is annoying.
"Proper maintenance schedules on the things that keep the car off the ground, that let the car stop, and that let the car drive - I'd rather not cheap out when our lives depend on it. A slightly aggressive schedule is a form of cheap insurance, as far as I'm concerned."
On the other hand, LED bulbs are new enough that we won't know for sure if they last for 20 years until, well, a while from now. Usually they're rated in hours, and you kinda have to figure out how long you use them for each day to estimate whether they'll last 10 or 20 or whatever years, in theory. Also these are usually characterized by a bathtub curve, and I have no idea if any manufacturers burn them in before shipping them to get rid of the ones that are going to fail quickly, or really anything about any manufacturer's QC. Not to mention that the ODM for the LEDs themselves will very often not be the manufacturer who makes the complete bulb. 5 years @ two dozen bulbs is completely inconclusive, but it is a good sign thus far.
&gt; naaaah. Samsung shipped a big.LITTLE Exynos in like 2013. Did it allow simultaneous use of both sets of cores, as the other person emphasized? I can't remember. &gt; Where are the ARM chips with workstation-grade performance? Yeah, that's the big question when these conversations go towards arch switches. It makes little sense to switch only part of the intel lineup; so how do they switch the big stuff? Truth is that intel failed in the mobile space, but they jealously defend the workstation-and-up space, where absolute power levels are also far less of a concern. There's TDP (or "SDP") for total power, performance/watt, and total performance levels, and workstations care much more about #3 and #2 than #1; as long as it fits inside a healthy envelope, it's okay.
Did you use a towel to dry off?
Your submission has been removed from r/photography. We love it when our users contribute with their own content, but straight-up advertising/self-promotion is against the rules of Reddit, and we have to enforce those rules. For more information see https://www.reddit.com/wiki/selfpromotion If you are interested in purely advertising your content on Reddit, please see [Reddit advertising](https://www.reddit.com/advertising).
Yeah, I don't get that either. Like, don't get me wrong. If GM wanted to, they could absolutely release a thousand horsepower corvette. Especially if they didn't care too much if it failed to hook until 5th gear. If people can _make_ a 1000 horsepower corvette out of a normal corvette, a twin turbo 6.0 iron block, and a bunch of drivetrain and cooling upgrades, for like $60k including a used car ... of course GM can as well. (Well, that's the price but it doesn't count how much it will cost to replace things that keep breaking.) Especially since the claim that it'd be 1000hp hybrid, that horsepower figure isn't too hard to achieve in vacuum. 850 horsepower can be done fairly reliably on an aluminum block and an extra 200-250 peak electric horsepower to combine for a peak of 1000 - sure. Whatever. Rear-wheel engine, front-wheel electric motor. In vacuum, to emphasize again, that's not really that difficult. But in real life, those are fucking ludicrous numbers. In real life, GM would need to sell a car that hooks, and doesn't just wheel spin. They'd need it to not break transaxles and output shafts. They'd need it to not spin into walls the moment that someone pressed the gas a little too much. And oh yeah, they'd need a way to top it with a new generation. Totally doable, but any 1000 horsepower hybrid is a car that I currently expect to be marketed as a limited-edition, possibly invite-only, supercar for well into the 300k+ range - and, frankly, at $300k or $400k or $500k or whatever, it'd be dirt cheap compared to the competition (P1, LaFerrari, 918.) Do I see GM making a LaFerrari competitor right now? I personally do not.
Sure. And it's still going to piss off the base. I think I was clear about how it'd be a bargain and a half compared to most of the mid-rear-engine competition.
Apple makes a small set of processors - basically one phone processor a year, and a couple others. Every single one has the latest and greatest hardware support for on-die encryption of the data stored on the package itself. Short version, it's far harder to intercept something that's encrypted in the very same place and by the very same thing. Less opportunity to go around the encryption. Android phones come from a handful of major oems and literally dozens of smaller ones, and they run on multiple families of cpus from multiple manufacturers - some of which are chinese, and to be blunt, there's not a chance in hell they're not backdoored. As a result some phones are reasonably secure and some are not, and good luck figuring out what's what. Also apple's walled garden approach to apps, and fast updates for security vulnerabilities and wide customer adoption of said updates in a timely manner, both massively reduce the chances of any individual phone being susceptible to a certain attack. Of course old ones are at this point possible to crack. The on-die security stuff is only a few years old and phones older than about five years don't usually get updates.
Just start agreeing with the really stupid shit. "Oh yeah you know how you guys have dogs? We have hyenas." Then show them the photo of the one guy with a hyena as a pet. Just fuck with them, it's funnier that way.
Pay attention in sex ed please
Our brains are developing till we're like 25 though.
Is COF an acronym? It needs to be. "Got a COF coming your way, boss, wants an extra 35c off his shopping cart with an expired coupon."
On the other hand it's really become no fun to date younger girls. A few too many times of them having no idea what they even like, and resistant to the idea of finding out because they're embarrassed or whatever ... ugh, that shit is time-consuming to get through
Universities tend to teach MIPS assembly because they tend to teach the MIPS architecture. You can fully understand every single one of the (rather low number of) MIPS instructions, and how they are physically implemented, in a semester, plus the assembly for it, plus get into stuff like pipelining etc, without much problem. In more practical terms I'd learn either Atmel or PIC asm (and of course microchip now owns atmel, so there is that) for the super basics, and ARMv7 to jump into industry.
Thanks. That's kind of what I've heard - people are using 600s, 800s, etc, even with 1.4x and 2x extenders ...
My thoughts on the subject are basically this: There are two kinds of bars. The kind that use a sour mix, and the kind that make drinks out of actual fresh ingredients. You go to somewhere 100% legit (like our friend bbum's favorite, Tommy's, which is bloody amazing) and they will make the margaritas in front of you, and it's really basic: a bunch of fresh limes, some good tequila, etc. Right? The other kind of place just sloshes a good amount of sour mix into a glass, and fills in some rail tequila. Maybe you get a salted rim, even a lime wedge on it, maybe a bunch of rocks, maybe you want your frozen, but whatever, that's how they're made. If you're being a prat, they'll use patron instead of rail tequila and charge you $17. If _I_ go to a bar that clearly uses sour mix, I assume every single cocktail they make is going to be a variation on the same theme: some sort of pre-mixed or otherwise single-ingredient non-alcoholic liquid and then alcohol in it. In other words, OJ + booze, coke + booze, sour mix + booze, whatever. And then I either order myself a beer or a pour of something neat. And that means it's usually a beer. I don't bother with the other shit. If I wanted someone to mix me something from a grocery store and some alcohol, I'd bloody well do it myself, now wouldn't I?
neat.jpg
Downside, they seem to constantly need new batteries. There is/was a tow truck operator who posted either here and/or in /r/Justrolledintotheshop and he said that he was replacing batteries like every 9 months for old geezers, and how they'd keep throwing shit-fits about how the battery was warrantied for x years, and he was like ... yeah, UNLESS YOU DISCHARGE IT because you never drive, jesus christ. I too bought mine from an old man. He put 60k miles on it in 11 years. I put almost 40k miles of _pure roadtrip_ on it - and I count nothing under 1000 miles as a road trip - in addition to the normal driving, since then. It's needed quite a few new parts ... and I put on more that it didn't really need, I suppose. I'm not sold on the new regals - they seem good on paper but if I was to upgrade to another sleeper sedan, it would be nothing more or less than a Chevy SS.
Hah! Mine also has _so_ many 'quirks' because I'm either too lazy to fix something and/or don't want to pay for it to get done.
I dunno, sounds like she wasn't putting you down, but rather being like "hey gf, he's loyal."
Also fake v8 noises for an i3 engine? Come on
I remember someone on this subreddit telling us how they had a straight piped miata, but were too embarrassed by how everyone would know that they were flooring it on on-ramps and getting passed ...
AC can use a lot of horsepower, to be fair. Also, what kind of hill? I had a Kia Soul rental and it could barely climb some steep hills in Montana/Wyoming. I had it in 4th gear, literally floored for minutes at a time, and it stayed at around 40mph. It had more than 98 horsepower, too.
I kinda love Ford's random-ass special edition Mustangs. Terminator, Boss 302s, Mach 1, Shelby, ... Bullitt ... etc. Whatever. They're pretty cool.
Wow. Toyota: 9/15 (1-5, 7, 8, 10, 12) Honda: 3/5 (6, 9, 11) Then give one to Subaru, Nissan, and Volkswagen. Not a single american car either. Damn. Impressively done, Toyota and Honda.
I mean, they're also mostly pretty damn reliable. And have relatively low running costs. It seems that these sorts of cars are driven until a timing belt breaks, transmission dies, or (a few model years) it gets sludged up due to too infrequent of oil changes.
I tried, but I was basically redlining it. I wanted to go faster, upshifted ... no more power left to go faster. Didn't want to redline it for the whole ascent because I didn't trust the car to not shit itself. I would usually have been going like 65-75mph in my car(s) on that road.
Indeed, indeed. Do you think it's probable that we will switch _all_ of them? Keeping in mind that as demand drops, prices will likely drop as well (now that OPEC can't control it all) and that will probably make it worthwhile for certain things to remain dino-oil-based.
I was amazed at how easy downshifts were and how rev-matching didn't feel required - the car didn't jerk like mine does when you miss a rev-match - buuuuut then I downshifted into first at like 9 mph and whoaaaaaaa girl, no need to buck me off! You know? Whereas my car, I can downshift into first at like 40mph no problem as long as I rev match; realistically and practically speaking I will often downshift into first at like 20mph when going up a steep hill behind someone who I think is about to slow down. No problems at all. And if I'm launching, I usually short-shift second then hammer it, but if I want to go faster I can ride out first till damn near 60mph.
ls swap bro
I feel similarly. I kinda love old-school BMWs, but honestly, what I love even more is the _community_ surrounding old-school BMWs. The people are just lovely. It's why I do autocross with the BMW club and not the corvette club. But most of what they sell _today_ in no way appeals to me, and I think is a huge departure from what made the BMWs of yesteryear so appreciated. Now, don't get me wrong, business-wise, it makes a lot more sense to sell a bunch of SUVs and cross-overs and heavy luxury sedans with over-damped driving dynamics than to sell a smaller, highly durable and reasonably reliable, feel-every-pebble-through-the-steering-wheel sedan. BMW used to sell the ultimate driving machine, if you wanted one in a style they sold. Now BMW sells a luxury grocery-getter and kid-shuttler that you expect to sell as soon as it gets out of warranty (or, let's be real: lease, because you have no intention of owning one outright for various reasons), that is usually a _pretty decent_ driving machine, with a few exceptions that are still amazing (but again, really fuckin' expensive.)
I always tip uber/lyft. I fucking hate tipping. I was excited not to tip. Then I figured out how little lyft, and even more so how little uber actually pays drivers. So I always give a few bucks. Typical utility bills are on the order of $50-100 depending on what is or is not included in your rent, and how many different types of utilities you have, how hot or cool you like your apartment, etc. Note that I am not including internet or cell phone bills. SF is very dog friendly in general. Be sure to ask, not assume, however.
Yeah, data mining for google is both a strategic advantage in terms of the products they offer, and a revenue stream to be able to offer said products. Not exactly a conspiracy theory!
Thanks everyone for staying on topic thus far. This topic is going to be at least a little bit political, unavoidably, but I ask everyone stays within the bounds of this discussion. Thanks. Edit: Sorry folks, we've had to remove a few too many comments and I think this thread has run its course ... going to lock it now.
Thanks mate. Hope to see an update with new wheels sometimes soon!
I was never in the military, but I remember the way my cooking progressed. As a child, my parents taught me two trivial things: 1. Pasta 2. Eggs In all honesty, if you buy some sauces (and obviously salt), you can live off pasta and eggs in various forms for a shockingly long time. Basics: Learn to boil pasta to al dente. Learn to fry an egg. Doesn't matter how as long as it's edible. Key: medium or medium-low heat. Learn how to boil an egg (soft-boil or hard-boil if you care, or, just learn how to boil one so it's edible.) Make pasta better by throwing some sauce into your bowl. Want to be fancy? Fry an egg and cook pasta and mix 'em up. Living alone? Get those $1 1-pound bags of frozen mixed chopped vegetables. All you gotta do is throw some onto the pan, get it hot till everything is sizzling. Remember, medium heat. Now you can survive. After that came the lesson of chicken. Here's how you cook chicken: fry on medium-low heat if breast, or you can bake any part of a chicken at around 350F (really, "around," it's not super important.) Cook it until when you cut it with a knife in the deepest parts, the juices are clear. Or, if you're fancy, meat thermometer. Baking is really easy, you can bake big chunks of chicken at anywhere from 275 to 400, really. Aim for 350 and aim for, like, 45 minutes or an hour or so, depending on your oven and such. If you're worried about under-cooking it or burning when frying, just slice it into thin strips or pieces, it'll only take a couple minutes to fry. With thin pieces, if you think it looks done, it is probably done. Remember those noodles? Combine that shit, yo. Obviously the grocery store has a ton of stuff that's ready to eat and not unhealthy, really. For example, bread. You know what fried egg is good on top of? Bread. You know what you can make for lunch? Buy some ham, slice it, put it on bread. Now that's lunch. Lunch you didn't pay $5.99 for every day either. Hungry in the morning? Remember that bread and those eggs? Tired of eating fried eggs on top of bread? Well, cook them differently. Maybe you make sunny-side up. Make them scrambled, soft, on top of a lightly fried piece of bread (lightly fried in the excess butter/oil used for eggs.) Something different? Beat the eggs but instead of scrambling them, dip bread in 'em and fry that. Boom. French toast. Throw some syrup on top and it's a whole new meal. Want bacon? If you made chicken, you can make bacon. Shit's easy. Pan on medium heat, fry it till it looks done. If it isn't done, put that shit back in the pan and finish it. You only make that mistake once. The key to using the oven, if you're worried, is to pick stuff that's nearly impossible to overcook to the point of being gross. For example, potatoes. 10 pound bag, three dollars. Take a potato, wash it, put it in the oven at ... 300 to 450F. Seriously, you can pretty much bake it at any temperature, though I recommend around 350-400 myself. How long? What the fuck ever. Check it after 30 minutes. Take a fork and poke it, if the fork goes through (it almost certainly will not after 30 minutes), fuck off for 30 more minutes. Try again. Fork goes in? Great, it's probably done. Worried about it not being done? Leave for another 20 minutes. What if you forget and leave your potatoes to bake for two hours? Fine! Who cares. You'll need some sort of roasting tray for the oven; I prefer cast iron pans because they will go into the oven and onto a stovetop with no complaints. Hell, you can bring them with you for camping too. Some other root vegetables are kind about timing and temperatures too. For example, at 350F, you can take a fresh onion, cut it into quarters or eighths, bake it with your potatoes. Might be a bit mushy but it'll be fine. Want to impress a girl but you have no fucking idea how to cook fancy? Buy onions, potatoes, and chicken thighs/drumsticks. Clean and cut the potatoes into quarters or thirds. Put 'em in your roasting tray or your cast iron pan. Quarter your onions, cast iron pan. Salt. Take your chicken drumsticks, lay them on top of your root vegetables (potatoes and onions.) Salt. Bit more salt. Bit of pepper. 350F. One hour or so. Your meal is ready. It ain't exactly high-class french cuisine but it's good honest food. What's healthy food anyways? To me, healthy food is a combination of calories, proteins, vitamins, etc, in decent proportions. The human body is very versatile. Some people literally don't eat carbs. Some don't eat fat. If you're asking how to cook, this is advanced stuff. My two cents: you want a bit of everything, and stay away from stuff that's too processed. Cheap calories are _key_ to your bachelor cooking. They form the base of your food. In america, they are roughly as follows: - Pasta/noodles, and other wheat products (bread etc) or occasionally other grain products - Rice and rice products - Potatoes - Beans (cooking beans is super easy.) Next, cheap proteins include eggs, and whatever meat is cheap and on sale. This is usually going to be chicken thighs and whole chickens. Sometimes turkey, sometimes ham. Pork is more expensive, been is usually more expensive than pork; fancy shit like lamb is more expensive still. Remember, eggs keep a long time, so if it's cheaper per egg to buy 18 than 12, buy 18, etc. Next, vegetables: whatever is cheap is the stuff that's in season. Root vegetables are almost always cheap, trivial to cook, and part of many meals; fresh green stuff comes and goes. Too lazy? Mixed, chopped, frozen vegetables, out of the freezer section, tend to be very affordable. Not fancy. But affordable. Throw in some dairy once in a while. Cheese for your sandwiches, milk for your french toast, sour cream for whatever, etc. Adults need calcium too. Round it off with whatever else you want on occasion. Whether that's fish or bacon or shrimp or frozen fucking pizza rolls, if you base your food off the above you will be fine. Don't forget salt. Salt is mandatory. Sugar is optional. Spices are great. Sauces are fine. You generally want fats - I recommend simple stuff: butter, oil (vegetable oil and/or corn oil are cheap, peanut oil is great for high temp, extra virgin olive oil is complicated), and animal fat. You probably won't be buying lard (though if you do, that stuff is great), but the fat in the pan from cooking bacon is... well, lard. It's fucking delicious and great to cook other stuff. Bacon, then eggs, then bread, makes a hell of a filling sandwich, for dirt cheap. You don't need to do it all at once, but you can pretty much live forever off of some dry bulk goods (pasta, rice, beans), root vegetables (potatoes, onions, garlic), frozen mixed vegetables, eggs, whatever meat is cheapest, the occasional dairy, salt, vegetable oil, a cast iron pan, and a rectangular metal spatula.
Start charging now!
Stein? Fucking really? Did you not pay attention to anything? Shit, I think she's more likely than trump to have literally been bought off.
Heh, it takes about a micromooch to say micromooch
Must have room for 20 watches! NEXT
Where I come from, it usually means either family money allowing one to do whatever, or someone who worked in finance or law for a couple decades, then decided to fuck off and semi-retire. Where I live now, it usually means someone who had a successful startup "exit" or someone who worked at Google for over a decade, or Apple for a decade or two (or more), etc etc, and held on to their stock. (Shit, I know someone whose split-adjusted cost basis is sub-$1 for a _large_ pile of stock ...) Maybe you hang out with more interesting people :)
I feel like the word coil-over is a bit weird, because _most_ struts use a coil spring around the strut, but the actual word "coil-overs" tends to refer specifically to a high-end and relatively expensive coil spring around a strut/shock, almost always with adjustability built into both the coil perch and the strut/shock damping rates (rebound and compression, or just a combined setting, or some form of magnetic dampening). Very few cars use "coil-overs" from the factory, but most of them use coil springs around a damper from the factory.
To be fair, that's mostly because their phone companies (in general): 1. Are either funded by their government in some way, or have deep ties to the government or ranking officials 2. Engage in whole-sale theft of IP - obviously starting with copying designs [pretty easy to find phones there that look very similar to a high-end samsung phone or an iphone]; they break licensing agreements for software (quite common to find GPL code in binary blobs without any sort of attribution or release of the code); they steal software; they don't care at all about patents; they use knock-off hardware components; etc - Are quite happy to backdoor their phones, work with their government to spy on people, etc; not to mention the obvious stuff like implement content filters There's a reason even the most 'legitimate' phones (and, well, networking equipment, etc) isn't allowed to be used in any government organization in a great many countries including the US; why their phones aren't allowed to be sold here for the most part; etc. It's not as if China doesn't have a ton of perfectly competent hardware and software engineers; it's not as if China is incapable of making a great phone that US customers would love. It's more that they generally have absolutely zero interest in playing by the US's rules, not to mention laws. Would I trust a car designed and assembled in China by Chinese companies? Sure, if they had American (or Canadian, European, etc) inspectors swarming the entire supply chain and assembly plant 24/7/365. Nothing short of that is really worth trusting your life to, because as soon as you stop looking, corners get cut. Everyone who manufactures anything there knows this - surprise inspections, inspectors there all the time, parts randomly pulled and tested all the time, etc. If you ever stop watching, you get pot steel instead of what you actually ordered.
^eeeeeeeeeeeeeee
Infinity blend.
Dallas, Houston, Austin
I don't know exactly what they have a patent on, but certainly using PWM to dim LEDs is a fair bit older than 20 years. Edit: I read the patent. It's far, far narrower than "PWD to control LED brightness in general." Still don't know how the fuck they got that patent, but it doesn't cover all that much IMO.
If by ultrasonic you mean infrared
Ultrasonic means sound. Those are not ultrasonic devices. They're most likely an LED and phototransistor. So. Infrared distance sensor. Not ultrasonic.
I've said this forever. It's clear that distilleries are using msrp that's a small fraction of secondary prices as advertising. They'd rather sell a few thousand $70 btac bottles and have people hunt for btac for two months, than price it at $500 and have it be available.
Wait ... it's not september. The fuck?
Those beeps and boops sound less like a feature to me ... not paying for them is a win/win.
Not wide enough for two normal-sized people, or not wide enough for two average-sized people?
Has a sitting president ever been primaried? Can one, under the GOP primary rules? That'd be amazing to see.
How much do those cost? I love skiing, but I just cannot see myself paying like $800 for skis, $200 for bindings, $800 for boots, etc. I bought second-hand for $200 all-in, close-enough ... but of course I wouldn't mind my boots being more comfortable.
Yeah, I have a hard time believing it's designed that way.
Your submission has been removed from r/photography. Please don't post blogspam to this subreddit. The link you posted is from a blog that just re-cycles content created by others. Feel free to re-post the original source of the content which can usually be found at the bottom of the blog post.
On a low budget, 1) Design and sell a ton of small circuit boards to break out various devices, with requisite supporting components when necessary, for devices that are somewhat popular (or might become so) but fairly hard for low-level hobbyists to use. Sell some convenience stuff along with it (usb cables etc). Sell some fancier kits. In short, compete with sites like adafruit and sparkfun, by designing and selling stuff they don't have. 2) Create and sell some sort of educational or hobbyist-targeted platform that either does not yet exist, or is unaffordable, shoddy, or otherwise unpopular. Hardware, firmware, software integration across operating systems. Rack your brains and find something cool. This might be a tool or a set of tools (data acquisition that isn't horribly overpriced). This might be a device showcasing some part of physics that teachers everywhere will love. Etc. 3) Design some consumer products where your simple in-house electrical design can be superior in some way to the competition. For example, let's say all of some sort of device either use no electronics, or are known for the control board breaking after not terribly long and people being super pissed off, and it's usually due to something simple. Offer an alternative with repair manuals and diagrams and spare parts or whatever. Niche market - people who want to fix their own ... toaster or whatever ... but if you could make a reputation of being the brand to buy if you want to keep it forever, there's good money there. That's just one example of where an in-house electrical design can mean you differentiate yourself, of course.
There are quite a few youtube videos, not to mention tons of stories, where guys at the drag strip would do a bunch of launches and fail to hook up - they'd go get some super sticky rubber, hook up, and immediately break an axle or diff or trans or (like that one video) shear off the lug studs.
Meh, are they really that bad? I don't go there much, but occasionally post a review there that doesn't fit into any other subreddit. I do remember when they made the rule about not asking health-related questions and not answering them either, I was like: look, if you need to ban me, ban me, but if someone posts something insane as has happened a few times - like the guy seeking feedback on drinking isopropanol - I _will_ respond and tell them not to do it. They didn't ban me, that's for sure.
Not a very bare bones review at all. Unlike the proof of this scotch. ;)
Your submission has been removed from r/photography. Non-English content only benefits a minority of our users.
Budget this year is respectable too. Running a decent surplus, funding the rainy day fund.
"You're benefiting this" - probably accurate to some degree, though certainly not in all ways and sometimes on the contrary, but on average, let's say yeah. "And it's causing you to not stop this" - well, hold on now, are you saying this to literally every white person ever, or are you saying it to people whom you have personally seen working to 'not stop this' or even just passively ignoring the problems? While I do generally agree, I want to share my perspective: I wasn't born here, none of my family is from here. (And if we're playing the victim game, I could add that some of them were disappeared back in the old country, all discriminated against, etc.) So certainly "I" (meaning my ancestors, in the way that a lot of people say "I" or "we") didn't set the system up. Now I'm here, and sure, to some extent I probably benefit from this ... but I vote my vote every damn time in a way that generally should help put a stop to it, I hope, and I recognize and discuss the issues. But despite that I've been directly told that I am the problem. It's like ... okay? Are you (you meaning that person) looking for a solution, or to blame someone because they're white? Because blaming someone for being white isn't a terribly good strategy. I certainly have an instinctual reaction to tell someone _with whom I otherwise agree_ to fuck off and not want to deal with them. Over time, it's become more and more difficult for me to _want_ to continue supporting what I think is social change towards a more egalitarian way of life, because the same people who ask for these social changes have a few times too often judged me harshly and openly without even knowing me. I'm not asking anyone to thank me for doing the right thing, but maybe a little bit less rather hurtful judgment.
BUT KAMALA'S EMAILS Wait, wrong one, shit DAE HILLARY'S EMAILS On a side note, ain't it funny how you pick out the female politicians and refer to them only by their first name? It's not slick, we see what's up. Plus, I mean your post history - lord, it totally explains your post, no offense to other people of course whom you make look bad.
Oh of course, your past six submissions are all to the dipshit sub. Of course
Queer as in strange or odd has fallen out of use for the most part, at least in american english. Maybe this guy reads a lot of older books. Maybe not.
You live in the Alaska bush?
"After a button is pressed" does not make clear whether it's a specific button, or a button in general.
Okay. That makes it easier. Are the button presses allowed to interrupt the phasing through colors, and/or the pulsing ten times? It seems that it's not supposed to interrupt the pulsing but it's still somewhat unclear if you're phasing through colors indefinitely or just once and then waiting for button input. In any event, you've got your answer by now.
Did you enable cylinder deactivation? I'm honestly a little surprised because in my (supercharged) 6-speed C5, I get 25-27 on the highway at ~80mph, and I thought the C7 had better aerodynamics, not to mention cylinder deactivation, direct injection, various other doodads, and a taller overdrive gear.
I don't. I only learned a couple years ago, and everyone said it would cause premature wear in the mechanism.
60mph is a bit low for 6th gear; it's fine when cruising on a flat but it doesn't feel right when going up-hill. However, a great many highways in america have much higher speeds than 60mph. I find that 6th is tolerable at 60, but completely normal by 70 (though a bit down on power for hills), and quite pleasant by 80. I imagine that newer cars will feel normal using 7th at 70, which is approximately the speed at which traffic flows (plus or minus 5mph) on a great deal of highways in america.
Lotus should make money in order to keep building lightweight sports cars, which in general sell terribly.
I've said this before - the problem with autopilot is that the technical meaning and the colloquial meaning is rather different. Technical: autopilot will do basic actions to keep you pointed in the correct direction. Colloquial: autopilot will drive the car for you perfectly. Tesla's autopilot acts like the technical thing - it basically keeps your lane and doesn't crash into stuff - but between marketing and uncorrected consumer opinions, it _sounds_ like it's self-driving. Which it ain't. It basically just keeps lanes and doesn't crash into stuff. Usually.
These days smart photographers are happy to sell you RAWs for an extra fee, as long as you sign a contract addendum basically saying that you can't go edit them yourself and then link back to the photographer.
Sometimes someone undercuts you, sometimes someone undercuts you because they have advantages you don't have that allow them to do so. That sucks. It's life. So it goes. A professional should be able to make a good argument as to why they're worth more, though.
Neat!
I will never know if she's just massively ignorant in things unrelated to show business, or if she just doesn't give a fuck as long as it'll sell. Ultimately she just pushes idiocy to people who don't have day jobs. Whatever. Fuck her show and fuck her idiot desire for a political platform.
Why not a 5.3 then? They're the same size and only a bit more expensive than the 4.8. Hell, if you went for the aluminum 5.3 you might actually make the car lighter (I mean, probably not.)
C5 owner represent.
A 2001 C5 is worth more in parts, even with no engine or trans. I've seen good rollers go for $3-5k depending. However I do work on my 2003 (same model as a 2001) in a friend's driveway fairly regularly. It's mostly a straightforward car with a huge enthusiast community. Dealers are hardly ever needed. Of course, having said that, mine needs a visit to a real shop due to some shit I can't figure out, and that's gonna cost me a grand at least I'm sure.
Yep. So it goes. Ultimately when rent is expensive, that means there's a pretty serious price floor of any drink - almost nowhere will sell a beer under $6 in Boston or where I live now anymore. On the plus side, when they charge $10 for a well drink, they _often_ charge like $14 for something pretty nice, so thanks to a bit of sunk cost fallacy it's easy to go "eh fuck it" and get something nice. I've had quite a few pours out of $70+ bottles for the magical $14 number in SF, whereas $11 gets pours from $22 bottles.
Are you saying you don't like 10 different "HOPS HOPS HOPS FUCK YOU HOPS OUR BEER IS BLAND HOPS HOPS" offerings?
As far as I know, 1000 really should be using an iron block with a proper forged rotating assembly. Did he try to go from 750 to 1000 using nitrous on a stock-ish aluminum block?
Maybe I run in the wrong circles but I don't get why "you won't believe how young" is the go-to tactic. If I was looking for that sort of thing, maybe a promise of them being experienced and buxom would be the way to go. Most people I know who aren't, you know, 18, would much rather fuck people who know what they're doing ... I guess it's the ownership thing
I feel like there are a _host_ of ways to calculate standard of living, and we'll never agree on one model. Discussions about standard of living should at least include the most important factors. For example, rent is fucking expensive, houses are expensive, etc. Adjusted for inflation, home prices have gone up significantly over the past 50 or 60 years, almost non-stop. A starter home used to be bought with a small mortgage or even in cash by a family with one worker; now you need two people and a 15-year mortgage ... if not 30, for most people. On the other hand, you could work certain jobs from anywhere in the country. You can communicate with your loved ones for effectively free, almost anywhere and at any time. You can eat nutritious food affordably, with many seasonal fruits and vegetables being in stock and decently fresh 365 days a year (unless you live in a food desert). Entertainment is at your fingertips at any time. More importantly, _knowledge_ is at your fingerprints at any time, and free, though if only that could be said about wisdom ... Healthcare is much much better but also much much less affordable. College education is probably better, and is open nearly to all, but ludicrously less affordable. How does one wrap all those factors, and a hundred others besides, into one number?
I will agree to disagree with you. In elementary and middle school, math classes were a joke and it was evident that many teachers had no concept of taking, let alone teaching a rigorous math class. It took a while to unlearn a lot of bad practices that were used to teach to the test and targeted at the lowest common denominator, even in 'advanced' classes. Later on I was taught math by people with actual degrees in math and it was a world of difference. If there are students who need to be cajoled then you are right - what's a math degree? But it'd be great to have teachers who know more math than a motivated high school senior, for teaching the kids who actually want to learn, learn correctly, and be challenged. This was true in every subject. I was too often taught science by teachers who had little understanding of the material. Same with history. Same with english. I had some incredible teachers, don't get me wrong - but I also had teachers who only knew the curriculum from their teacher's guide, who expected us to parrot instead of analyze (and punished anything that wasn't rote memorization), and so forth.
They really need to teach people in health class: downers and uppers don't cancel out. They combine in weird ways. You get some up, some down, and some shit that's worse.
Yeah, but it kinda sucks to see towns built on traditional labor slowly erode. There are a lot of jobs that have effectively no layer of abstraction, and they're the kinds of jobs that a lot of people are drawn to - either by preference or because they don't really have a choice. You work with your hands, or with tools, to do tasks that are conceptually simple. Move things. Build things. Machine things. Fix things. Plumb things, wire things, deliver things, test things ... People gotta eat and it sucks that areas whose backbone is straightforward labor are decaying. The pay rates, and the wage increases over the past eight years, of people doing fancy jobs in Manhattan and SF are exactly what you'd expect and hope for, but much more across the board.
Yeah, Minneapolis is a great place - it's midwestern, northern and cold, but it's intellectual, affordable, and has a wide range of jobs, and it doesn't have that sort of boom in housing prices that fucks people in (eg) Portland right now. Nice people too. Even if y'all say "bage" instead of "bag" ...
I never was, but one of my favorite relevant jokes goes like this: A sergeant is giving his men advice for their upcoming thanksgiving leave. " ... and I will repeat this one more time: if you are caught driving drunk, the DoD is looking for reasons to cut head count. Am I clear?" "Now, on friendlier matters, some advice for the dinner table. Remember, when you ask to pass the butter: don't describe it."
Okay but to be fair
Yeah but according to some people, everything you said doesn't count because their BMW feels are that they're perfectly reliable. :)
Malt and grain whisky blended together. Almost all single malts have whisky of various ages in the bottle. The age statement refers to the youngest.
How could I possibly be assuming that when I went over the costs of selling quickly? Many people have other goals. And saving electricity while you commute? Don't joke.
This kinda sounds like a real-life shitpost.
Not too dissimilar. I think I paid ~$50 in CA.
$3-5k depending on where you live is common.
Thank you for your submission! Unfortunately, your submission has been removed for the following reason(s): * It is in violation of reddit's self promotion rules found [here](http://www.reddit.com/wiki/selfpromotion). If you continue to spam your content here, you will be banned and your website or channel will be blacklisted. We will also escalate spammers to the admins. Please read the [subreddit rules](http://www.reddit.com/r/cars/wiki/rules) as well as the [chain of action](https://www.reddit.com/r/cars/wiki/chain_of_action) regarding removed submissions and moderator actions before continuing to post. If you have any questions, please feel free to [message the mods](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2Fcars).
&gt; I'm sure I'll get downvoted into the depths of hell for this, but DON'T use your tax return money on car parts and DO work towards paying off that 15 year old car as fast as possible. Most of us here are adults, nobody's gonna downvote you
I would look at the big boys - the top fuel dragsters. They get ~10k horsepower out of ~500ci with forced induction, and they rebuild their engines _often_. 500ci is around 8.2 liters, so they were getting on the order of ~1000 horsepower per liter probably ten or fifteen years ago, and are probably up to maybe ~1300 now. (It's expensive to measure.) Top fuel takes in and spends a lot of money and does excellent engineering work. They rebuild their engines after every single pass. So I think that you can fairly safely assume that any engine making 925 horsepower per liter gets rebuilt often. For reference, the Mercedes Project One makes ~750 horsepower out of 1.6 liters (~469 hp/L) and it will be torn down every ~30k miles, if any of the owners of those cars ever drive them ... let alone to 30k miles. Mercedes has a lot more money than some random tuner, so you can probably expect that their figures are about as reliable as you're ever likely to see. Running around twice that horsepower per liter? Probably fucking not reliable.
Oh. Yeah, no. Honda sports cars handle like proper sports cars. Honda econoboxes handle like proper econoboxes. Honda does well against its competition, but they're not miracle workers.
Why not just set it for annual billing?
2009 model year is nearly ten years old. So it goes.
Manual transmission, lighter, less deadening for drivetrain-related noise and vibration ... yes, the Golf will feel a lot more nimble and peppy, even if the BMW is noticeably faster and handles better (not saying it does or does not, just saying even if it does.) You can feel the engine rotating through your left foot and through your right hand as you drive the Golf; the BMW is designed to insulate you from all that. You can feel a completely linear response in the engine's rotation versus the rest of the drivetrain with your foot and your hand; there's no torque converter to soften the change in rpm. You can feel rpm shoot up and down as you step on the clutch pedal, when you let it go down or when you blip it up. You can feel the engagement of the clutch against the flywheel and pressure plate, feel it spin and slip into position and fully engage. You can feel the shift fork pushing the gears into fully mated positions, or feel it disengaging them. You get none of that in the automatic BMW. You haven't lost your mind at all; people _love_ cheap little manual cars for this reason. No matter how little power it has, it still feels connected to the road and you to the drivetrain to an extent you don't get with any automatic.
Virtually all even remotely modern cars have a rev limiter, manual or not. Like, I would have trouble thinking of one that doesn't, if it has any sort of electronic control. Also, there are easy ways to check: stick the car into neutral and rev to 5k. Does it shudder? Rev to 5500, rev to 6000, rev to 6200. Obviously do it when your engine is nice and warm. Any shudder? It's quite likely for example that your engine mounts are worn out. There should be nothing stopping your engine from hitting 5k rpm and feeling almost as smooth as it did from the factory, if it's been maintained, if nothing else in the drivetrain is worn out. Governors are a different story. Often they are limited to the tire spec with which they were sold. If your car when new had tires that were rated for ~115 mph, it's entirely possible it's governed to 115.
Thirded. Rain, blah blah, boring ...
Communication is really important. For example, if I wanted advice about cars, I'd try to use something akin to proper capitalization, maybe even good punctuation. Then I'd go back and edit it to get rid of useless details, and if my request was still too long, I'd summarize the question. If I wanted advice about relationships, I'd ask my friends, because reddit isn't terribly useful.
Close enough is close enough. If your tires are 275, you can probably put anything from 245 to 305 on them without any serious issue; rubber stretches, and you're not going to go fast or anything.
I can't believe how blatant that was, "We'll get to it tomorrow ....... when we figure out the party spin line; CHECK OUT THIS CAR CRASH THO" What's next, cutting to "Ow, My Balls" ?
As long as most people work, that won't happen, because the labor pool is double what it needs to be for your hope to come to pass.
I love how in the drive-by shot, the only noise was the tires rolling on the ground. No exhaust.
"Speak for yourself"
That's neither coercing nor tricking someone into committing a crime. There's basically two parts to entrapment: was this person unlikely to have otherwise committed the crime, and was this person coerced into it? Bait is not even remotely entrapment. Bait doesn't convince a person who is otherwise unlikely to commit the crime, nor does it coerce them into committing the crime.
Short version. One, traction. Most powerful cars can break traction. It takes skill to not spin your tires or engage traction control. That means you don't just slam the gas. Two, shift points. You need to figure out when to shift. Many drag cars are automatic to make this easier and more consistent. Shifting manually means knowing when and doing it right. Shifting is a bit harder on more powerful cars (though modern ones finally have made nice, easy shifters and clutch pedals.) Three, launches. Launches require more than just not spinning your wheels. You need to launch at the right rpm. Some cars have two-step boxes or launch control. You need to keep the car straight. High power cars have a tendency to pull, especially during high impulses to the drivetrain. Not to mention that you drive one-handed when shifting which means that the high impulse is likely to knock your hand to the side. Not to mention the good reaction time you want to have. Drag racing is easy in ... whatever you drive. Step on the gas and go. You have to pay attention when you drive properly fast cars. Not to mention all the skill that goes into designing your system: various aftermarket components, custom fabricated stuff, etc, in the right combination for power and reliability. For many people, the actual passes down the strip aren't nearly as hard as all the decisions, fabrication, installation, tuning, testing, breaking and fixing ...
He's lying though.
There are a very small number of such people, either fellows or principal engineers at big companies (or the same sort of jobs with different titles), or people who got in early at startups that went big and now their stock grants are enormously nice. It's unusual but of course not unheard of. The place feels kinda small and people know people. Pretty much everyone is one or two degrees of separation from someone making that kind of money. That makes it seem more common. In reality two degrees of separation covers a huge number of people.
There's no need to buy a new phone every year. I almost feel like some folk here forget that.
Good point. Anyone who knows there is a 5.0 genesis would, upon seeing a coupe, immediately say "Hey, is that the coupe? That only has the 2.0 and 3.8."
Where's that guy from 4chan who skullfucked a skull in the catacombs? Can we get him to skullfuck one of trump's skeletons?
Refuses to get waterboarded for charity like he promised. What a loser
Don't forget rich.
There's always a couple people who stay up till 1am talking about life stuff and drinking some decent whiskey. But they're probably quiet enough to not bother anyone.
Not terribly different. Final drive ratios are damn near identical and top gear is pretty close. The mustang is also not gear limited to their top speed so it's not even very relevant. It's a completely fair comparison.
Except for Tesla, they profit nicely on each EV; they burn cash like crazy but it's not due to their gross margin per vehicle.
I wasn't disagreeing
&gt; Now that's for an independent shop, but dealers pull the same crap all the time. I have a hard time believing that a significant amount of dealers use used oil out of other cars. Why bother? May as well just leave the oil as-is.
Any dealer that sells new cars will almost certainly use the oil recommended by the manufacturer or, failing having that on-hand, something close enough. If you take in your car to the dealer that represents that brand, they'll put in whatever the manufacturer currently recommends. Why would they bother putting in anything else? The last thing they want is to get busted putting straight conventional oil into the latest and greatest synthetic-mobile. They simply pass the cost of oil on to you. If your car takes synth, they'll use synth and charge you more for it. Honestly for 99% of synthetic-oil-demanding cars, group 3 vs 4 vs 5 doesn't fucking matter. Do you take your car to the track? No? Then fuck it. Just throw something in with extra detergent and slap an 8000 mile non-severe-use rating on it. Or 10k. Or whatever. Honestly I'd be more worried about cheap filters than "poor quality engine oil."
I am pretty sure that the maneuver is to do diesel and heavyweight oil mixed to roughly the correct weight so it still lubricates, run for a few minutes - Not to run something like straight kerosene - the stuff doesn't, you know, lubricate the engine much as it runs ...
jesus
&gt; Now if they could only make a luxury car interior that wasn't built out of plastic. "So you want that bridge with two lanes or four?"
Excellent then. I made a mistake and mixed the two services up. My bad.
I'm not a mechanic, just a hobbyist, but that sounds pretty unlikely by itself. If you put a rag in an exhaust, you restrict the exhaust. Restrict it enough and the engine dies. Restrict it a bit and the engine makes less power. But it doesn't force carbon monoxide to go up into the cabin unless there are significant leaks in the exhaust system elsewhere, it just reduces engine output. Someone can correct me on that, but ... doesn't make sense without there being more data.
http://www.otherhand.org/home-page/search-and-rescue/searching-for-bill-ewasko/ewasko-thoughts-may-2016/ Interestingly, he has more posts since I last looked, so he didn't stop as much as I thought he did. I can't find anything to back up what I originally said. It may be buried in the ~75 updates or it may have been erased. Hum.
We get seven and a half! Seriously. Seven letters and/or spaces, but also an optional half-space.
I remember it being purposefully vague, but nothing more sadly. I'm catching up on the latest now.
Effort is no guarantee of success. People who believe it is must still be stuck in 2nd grade. Half the damn time, even cars will just be an effort pit with no end in sight. Life is hard.
Also: even if he got fired for speaking out. Most normal humans living paycheck to paycheck would still speak out about literal goddamn child rape. He's worth millions. He'd be a martyr. Ooooh the horror of being fired. Right? Instead he covered up ... child rape ... for bloody football. Football records were more important to him than child rape. Neato
I prefer: shit rolls up hill. Those at the top are ultimately responsible for all fuckups. All of them. A decades long history of sexual abuse isn't written off by putting some lower-level guy under the bus.
63 months?
Can't tell if dickwaving ... probably dickwaving. That said, congratulations on your excellent financial choices thus far!
TL;DR: A C6Z with an extra 1000 rpm and a modified custom 427 variant to use a freevalve head. And then the supporting mods that a C6Z might need. If you budget like five hundred grand. ;) Aftermarket block based on the Chevy LS7/427 + fully forged internals + Koenigsegg's Freevalve heads on top (tech adapted to an aftermarket LS head, obviously). For the sort of budget that build would require, 8k rpm probably wouldn't be particularly out of reach even without de-stroking it - if you're engineering completely custom heads to use the tech, and reasonably a custom block (no camshaft, no pushrods, a different oil drainback due to that, etc) you could probably do four heads instead of two as well. Given that a heads-cam-intake-exhaust LS7 will put down 575 to the ground without huge difficulty, I imagine with a free-valve system, higher rpm, and airflow to support that, you could probably put down 650, maybe 700 to the ground, depending on choices. Bulk of the engineering would be there. Like, probably 98.5% of the cost and effort. Mate that to a fairly standard TR6060 or in another car a TR6070 (your preference). 700 wheel should hold fine if you chose the C6Z's setup - either a TR6060 or T56 Magnum with stock differential. For 700 wheel ... eh, you can adapt a C7 clutch, almost certainly, to keep it stock-ish. Twin disc, solid (not dual-mass) flywheel. I'd go with lightened for sure. (Aside: I have this exact setup but chose the standard weight because I _thought_ I had a stock LS1 clutch in it and the standard weight LT1S clutch has a smaller moment of inertia than that. Turned out I had a modified twin-disc clutch of some sort, and the new setup is actually heavier, whereas I wanted maybe 10-15% lighter. Oops. Anyways, I can damn near promise that a lightened flywheel with this setup would be totally streetable.) Or just go after-aftermarket twin disc. Not too big of a deal. Stock master, or aftermarket. Other than that? Shit, you could drop the fucker right into a C6Z and it'd be completely at home. Uh, you'd probably need an aftermarket hood to clear what is certain to be a significantly taller engine, but those exist (and for the money you're paying, you can get a one-off made ...) If it's a C6Z, and for that power level, I'd also go for a significantly wider wheel/tire combo, and a big brake kit that won't see your calipers freezing due to track temps. Wilwood is fine, I'm sure. 14.25"/14.00" will fit under an 18/19 staggered setup (as it does on my car), and if you need more, 15" will clear under a 19" wheel (at that point, maybe 19" square would be best.) You can fit like 285/335 rubber, if not wider - again, for the budget, you can get a widebody kit to fit more wheel and tire. Should be fine with that. If heat is an issue, SPAL fans to start, a thicker radiator if needed, and an oil cooler may be a good idea, though by staying NA it may be entirely avoidable. Maybe a diff brace, maybe better diff/trans cooling, whatever.
Reddit has never turned a profit, and reddit has both donations and ads ... and has been trying for a long time. I am a little skeptical.
Low content uranium is reasonably harmless unless you ingest it. I'm not sure but I imagine that using a dirty bomb to try to put enough into the air that people would ingest it actually takes a bit. I know people end up with tens or even hundreds of pounds of low content uranium ore through one way or another and nobody comes a-knockin'. Sure, probably on a list and probably some analyst somewhere looks into them, but ... so like you said, investigate - yeah, almost certainly. But not the men in suits at your door sorta thing. Probably. Though I do advise sticking to pyrotechnics or uranium ore but not both. ;)
Also, I believe the DOD said that they need something like 3% of US production of steel, so no issues there.
Ooh, my bad. I remembered it was _reportedly_ in the 300s but didn't know it was so high.
Everybody has their idea of good mods so here's mine: the hood and wheels and skirts are no bueno.
The explosion of the middle class and home ownership demanded quick, cheap housing last century. You could buy a house from _sears_ - it would arrive as a kit and be assembled on site. Levittowns were sort of the one-up version of that, where a single development company that had their own kits designed (?) and manufactured (?) in-house could develop an entire small town out of a few kits. Lots of split/two-family homes, too. Dirt cheap. Can't speak to quality, but the towns still exist. A modern version would be a prefab house of some sort. Mobile homes are IMO the wrong approach as they have their own weird issues (some of which really aren't fair, and it's not the fault of the home itself), but there's all manner of prefab you can buy. If I build a house here, I think my needs would be served well by steel prefab and plenty of concrete. There's all manner of steel prefab, but the simplest stuff is the kind that makes an outer skeleton or an outer structure, well suitable to industrial and commercial spaces; it's basically an outer shell that doesn't need (much of) an inner skeleton to hold it up. Often none at all, sometimes a couple beams and/or supports. Big inside spaces as a result. Reasonably earthquake resistant when done right. (Of course it needs a bunch of stuff to be less of a warehouse and more of a house, but that's an expense, not a problem.) Of course that is just one subset of one type of prefab you can buy, get delivered, and get assembled for you. If you look up the cost per square foot to build one, you will probably find that 3D printing is a looooooooooong way away from being able to provide the ease of assembly and ability to weather the elements and reasonable natural disasters that a respectable prefab (designed for california's natural disasters) can offer.
Depending on your definition of 7nm, it'll be here in consumer products within the year.
Certainly more to it than "convinced," you're right. Rolling payments into service plans massively helps sway people into a much nicer / more expensive phone.
I did make a mistake engaging, absolutely right, but I am _still_ laughing about my later post. "Intel does X!" "Guess what?"
How much torque are the motors putting out? I figured the smaller motors (70ish peak hp?) wouldn't break an axle but what do I know!
Personal tastes are one thing, but by all accounts this car was incredibly fast and could actually sustain those speeds when virtually nothing else could - IMO, any custom car like that gets a pass on style even if don't like it.
That is theoretically true but I have never seen confirmation that data has been recovered. Especially not with using random rather than zero or one to overwrite.
Exactly! The best description I've ever heard.
My grandfather died twice. The second time was a few years after the first; the second time his heart stopped. But that was a relief at that point. To see a great man brought down to nothing but still live ... If I had a six month grace period I'd execute my will myself, then find the most fun way to die that doesn't endanger someone else.
Hum. Eric Trump runs an event competently and above-board. Maybe we should apologize to him. Or maybe it's still really fucking funny to rag on him, because it is
Are you looking for suggestions as to who can do it, or are you asking someone from reddit to do it? I'd call some independent mechanics in your area. Or any car museum that might be in your area.
Torque tube bearings. "You mean... a driveshaft? Its bearings?" Nope. The tube in which a driveshaft lives. "But why does the torque tube have bearings?" Well, it's more like the driveshaft inside it has bearings. "But then why are they called the torque tube bearings?" Fuck you, that's why.
These prices, if accurate, are there not to piss off the owners of the previous lenses too much. Canon seems to have more or less stopped obsoleting lenses on both specs and price at the same time. Rather than introduce III at the price of II, they introduce at a higher price and keep II in production for a while to segment the market. Honestly I don't see the price premium to be worth it. An extra, what, 25%? 35%? More? for what's being offered ... eh.
Portland? Salem? I don't know anyone there anymore who does cars, been too long - but, ugh, hope someone can do it. What are your alternatives? Sell the car? Can you contact a wholesaler? I figure the "trade in price" would qualify, right? And the trade-in price for hard-to-sell stuff would basically just be wholesale, lowballed. Actually, perhaps this would be inappropriate, but could you get a dealer to tell you straight up, in writing, what the trade-in price would be? Maybe you might have to pretend to be buying a car ... or, shit, maybe it might make sense to actually buy a used honda or something, if you also needed a reliable car and wanted to get rid of the plymouth ... I don't know your situation, so just throwing stuff out there.
It was an amazing un-cynical moment. Wheeler's job was to represent Comcast, and he did. Then Wheeler's job was to represent the consumer, and he did. Trust well placed.
Is the donation link on their site?
&gt; Trump's attorney Marc Kasowitz said the issue of whether or not a sitting president can be sued in state court should be taken up by the U.S. Supreme Court, calling the matter a "critical constitutional issue" that should be resolved before the case moves forward. &gt; Zervos' attorney Mariann Meier Wang said Trump's attorneys are trying to stall for time. Wang said her legal team had already issued a subpoena to the Trump campaign, which had been unwilling to hand over any information related to other women who've accused Trump. I was under the impression that this was already answered in the Clinton days. If I am not misreading that, then this does seem like a truly cut and dried delaying tactic.
Entire community came together shortly after to have a huge bbq.
It's also tradition for a damn good reason for past presidents not to undermine their successors and previous opponents. Most presidents understand that. Most.
Yeah, I'm honestly not a big fan of propositions.
How will this double your tolls? I'm not sure if I understand the math. Also: By the time the last $1 hike takes effect, do remember that a large handful of years of inflation will have reduced the real cost as well.
I'm a lot more polite. I tell people their offer would be a huge step down. But over time I'm becoming a bit less polite ... meh.
I honestly don't get why most things aren't. All manner of regulations, fees, fines, taxes, etc end up languishing for years or often decades. I always laugh at criminal laws which say something like "punishable by not more than two years in prison or $2000 or both." Or bankruptcy protection that might exempt "a primary dwelling or $1000." Nice round number, kinda silly now. It's not like the federal and state CPIs are secret knowledge - just index every specific dollar amount, rounded to the nearest clean number for that application, recalculated annually-ish.
Hmm... I assume you don't live in silicon valley. If you do, it sounds like you work for intel, heh.
Hah! I knew this sounded familiar. Sup fellas.
That's fair, but then, the OG NSX is by all accounts an incredibly good car, if no longer excitingly-fast by some people's modern standards. It's almost unfair to other cars to compare everything against your NSX (and Lexus) - both were so good they're still revered 20 years later.
That fucking cupholder, goddamn. Yeah, I am butthurt about my car's lack of cupholder ... oh well. I am not the "usual" corvette buyer (statistically, anyways), but here's my 2c: I would much rather save money on the interior. Like, if they sold a corvette with two pairs of speakers and an aftermarket head unit from the factory, I'd be like: yay, I just saved like $600 and if it ever breaks it won't cost me $3k to repair; can't hear high quality audio with open windows / removed roof anyways. If they sold a corvette with a stripped out interior and no sound deadening, I'd be like: yay, now it's lighter, as long as the windows work reliably I won't hear the creaking anyways. If they sold a corvette with full mercedes or porsche interior quality, I'd be like ... this is really nice, but it's feeling out of my price range, and I'll feel really bad when I decide to replace the seat with a sport/track seat that fits me perfectly instead of the usual 50-pound-overweight customer ... Basically my own opinion of the car is: this is a car I am going to drive the shit out of, I am focused entirely on driving it at all times because I'm still a bit intimidated by its power. I want the windows down and roof off and I want it loud. I am happy to have it a bit rumbly, shaky, and so on even at idle. As long as the seating position is good and the seat is comfortable, good positioning of the pedals / wheel / shifter / etc ... I am good to go! But then, I do own the "My First Car" fischer-price plastic interior package in my C5. So clearly, I have put my money where my mouth is. Of course, the other ~75% of buyers want a sports car that is fast enough, with an automatic, comfortable at all times, nice fiddly bits, good sound system, whatever. Corvette does have to please them, but still at a bargain price ...
I have insurance. To be fair, I don't insure the mods - insuring mods is generally a fool's errand. Also I don't think your hypothetical mustang wheels are any more likely to get stolen than honda wheels ... you can always use it as an excuse to upgrade ;)
Can y'all chill a bit? Thanks
At $250 per hour, maybe... Gaskets and elbows are like sixty bucks combined and it's a pretty straightforward job. Most gen2s still on the road have probably had this done ages ago. They didn't earn their reputation because of some relatively piddling crap that often enough got replaced on warranty, they earned it because with those two items done and a couple timing chains, they'll virtually all reach 1M miles - if not abused - with nought more than an occasional cleaning and service of peripheral electrical bits. Or they would, if the cars they're in didn't fall apart a lot earlier. An engine that reliably reaches such mileages with so little bullshit is, yes, legendarily reliable. GM makes mistakes but GM sure didn't manufacture untold millions of the 3800 over however many years and a few generations because it was substandard.
Bacteria doesn't survive the heat, and for mud there's this thing called washing it off with water. You'll get a bit of sediment in your food regardless: no big deal.
I'm not trying to be convinced, I am (pretty clearly) explaining that your graphic could use work.
You are not going to get pulled over for a dash cam.
One of the things intel will tell you, which is absolutely true, is that feature sizes like 5/7/10/14nm are not particularly measuring precisely the same things between companies. When intel and tsmc sell you a 10nm product, it's a pretty significantly different product. Unless I've missed something (and god knows it's possible) intel certainly has the best 14nm process, probably the best 10nm process once they actually start using it to ship for revenue, etc. They also (I believe) have different processes on the same node, eg, they can optimize some things for performance or for power, essentially. That said, their competition keeps shipping a new process every 2-3 years and they keep standing still, or least they look like they are in comparison. 20, 14/16, 10, nearly production silicon for 7, and now test silicon for 5, have all been shipped at least as engineering samples to various large design houses, within like 5-6 years, meanwhile all intel will talk about is how their 22nm trifet rocks, 14nm is way better but yields for 10 are still not good enough to please beancounters. They're not even really wrong. But they are loosing the perception game. They can hardly use 10nm products for hype/marketing purposes while other fabs are like "oh yah samsung phones are probs gonna have 7 within a year and we're validating designs on 5". Meh
Is Essential still in business? I don't remember if they're selling or just giving up.
Imagine Comic Book Guy from the simpsons. The stereotype is real
Cynicism is at _what seems like_ an all time high, and perhaps for good reason. Faith in government is low, congressional approval is lower than the approval ratings for herpes ... people can't be bothered to vote. Especially people who don't care about what candidates stand for, what parties stand for, and merely see it as one rich asshole or another rich asshole lording over them. Maybe they're overly cynical, maybe we're too un-cynical. Who knows. I do wish we could have a vote of no confidence, though. If No Confidence gets the highest count on the ballot, all candidates are rejected and a new vote is held with new candidates in some amount of time. That'd be nice. Might be hard to implement in the general election, but boy would it be fucking great in the primaries, to keep the crazies out.
More sugary than Clase Azul Reposado?!
Nah. It's in quite a few coding standards to compare against true or false for readability. Tell me you've never missed a ! and tried to debug it. When I was a newbie I did (bvar == true). When I was more experienced I did (bvar). Now I do (bvar == true) again for readability and maintainability.
They're just option codes, aren't they? It's a Chevy Camaro SS. 2SS is an option code, 1LE is an option code, 6MT is obviously an option code or shorthand. Unless I am mistaken?
So you beat the shit out of five nice cars in five years, cold? I am not a fan.
What's your end goal, what's your knowledge level, and what's your budget for repairs? You might fix this in under a grand or you may be buying a new engine, new parts, paying labor ... and still end up with a piece of shit totalled car. If you are asking us you probably are not ready.
Well yeah, that's the rationale behind most brake fluid change schedules. I'm wondering if you have specific data on why RBF600 is to be changed every six months, since you're the first I've heard say so.
Oh neat, they changed that? Cool.
Have you considered a c5 corvette?
Truly Kermit then
Honestly between a c7 zr1 and viper acr I'd choose the viper myself. However that's not in the cards for me because I can't afford either. Sub-$20k is a good price point. Sell a car! Get the v10!
So you're saying taking moral actions can be profitable? Great! Then clearly there's no fiduciary demand to maximize every cent at every turn.
Oh god. I don't buy bourbon because of its story, I buy bourbon because it tastes good. Sorry, guy, all you're doing is filtering sourced whiskey.
He closes companies and opens up new ones with similar names. Probably pays lawyers a lot too.
Buuuut also eats mcdicks. Apparently thinks it's less likely to get poisoned or some stupid bullshit.
I wish it was legal to hit someone if they spit on you. Definitely would be deserved.
Had this one neat, glencairn. I got it as a gift, and of course I shared it with friends. 40% ABV. Supposedly twelve years old. **Nose** Sweet, honey, oak. Huge vanilla. **Taste** Sweet. Vanilla! Mild on the ethanol. Oak, big oak. Big vanilla. Candy. Sugary. It's got a lot of candy to it. **Finish** Sweet. Oak. Medium-short. **Final Conclusions** Definitely too sweet for me - it really feels like a lot of added sugar (internets say only a little added sugar.) It almost seems like added vanilla ... Look, this is a fine rum, probably a real crowd pleaser, if your crowd wants a drink that is very smooth, and overly sweet, to just not have the alcohol influence. I think this is too ... artificial, if that makes sense; it's just not worth the money. Bottle is annoyingly heavy, too, for some reason. **2 / 5 stars**; pleasant enough, but overly sugar-vanilla for the price &amp;nbsp; ^(0: wtf&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp; 1: no&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp; 2: meh&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp; 3: ok&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp; 4: yes&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp; 5: absolutely and without a doubt)
My strategy was to wait and get a used BBK for around 2/3-ish of new price. Two grand for a rear BBK that's honestly still kinda small (S2K BBKs seem always a bit small to me), ouch.
At the very least don't have it transported for that short a distance. You can fly out for probably less money and definitely less aggravation.
Theft vs theft with vandalism. I understand (obviously without condoning) theft, but vandalism is an extra level of unnecessarily shitty behavior that serves no good.
Out of curiosity, how much would that be? I don't know what SW FL rents for either...
Involuntarily committed is probably closer to it.
Keto is just the new name for Atkins. I wonder why the old name fell out of favor? Most likely, a balanced diet is best for most people, and most of the benefits from any specific diet come simply from watching what you eat. But your post isn't really relevant, and goes way into the "look at me" territory.
We get it, you hate the idea of post-processing. I might tell you about how Ansel Adams is in some ways known for his extraordinary abilities in the darkroom (read: postprocessing), but it might be lost on you, so instead let me just say this: do us all a favor and keep conversation civil; if you're denigrating others on a regular basis, maybe this isn't the right community for you.
Your terminology isn't quite on par but you're more or less on target. A battery can be modeled as a monstrously large capacitor and a small resistor in series. The battery helps to smooth out the voltage from the alternator's regulated but still somewhat rippled output. It also helps provide current for switched loads when an alternator can't respond very quickly to load. Electrical output is measured in both voltage and current and you must be precise when trying to debug issues!
Decades now?
Spinning into stuff, baby!
Yeah my text documents can be gigabytes big. Nah just kidding. An entire book fits into like 10MB in a pdf.
Anyone know what kind of camera they're using? Could it be as simple as a new[ish] gopro inside the cockpit?
I've lost track of rumors, but if they don't offer a manual in a corvette I simply will not buy it. I'll do my best to respect it, but never buy it. That said, it's hard to believe. _That_ said, ferrari doesn't offer a manual, which was at the time harder to believe.
Unsurprisingly, there are ways to house, uh, minimal security detainees, without putting them into tent camps under military guard.
Described in another comment. Build something that fits, a prefab town/base that isn't a desert tent camp. Also, this isn't a new issue - how were we doing it before? It's probably not nearly as bad as this new strategy.
Is wikipedia wrong? https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Pound-foot_(torque) &gt; A pound-foot (lbf⋅ft or lb⋅ft) is a unit of torque (a pseudovector). One pound-foot is the torque created by one pound force acting at a perpendicular distance of one foot from a pivot point I always have said "pound-foot" (pound-feet), not foot-pound.
I imagine that was on purpose, because it was just so good. He's Garret! He's gonna betray you! x10.
Lots of older motorcycles are. They rely on airflow over a cylinder head that has huge fins like the heatsink on the cpu in your pc. Cars can be only air cooled though often they had oil coolers. So the engine did not have any coolant, but the oil itself went out to a heat exchanger (radiator) to cool down. I do not know of any modern cars using an engine without coolant but I am sure they exist. Something super cheap sold for $3k somewhere with a tiny engine. Porsches (911s) on the other hand could be pretty damn fast despite being air cooled, which is super impressive, but of course they switched to water cooling about 20 years ago. There are also some drag race cars that have no coolant - either an original engine with cooling jackets filled in with cement, or a custom engine without any cooling jackets whatsoever. These tend to fire up, warm up a bit, do a quarter mile pass, pull back around, and turn off. If you tried to street drive it it would pop of course.
To be fair, I'd be pretty butthurt about needing new rear pads at 25-30k for a standard street car too! But then I spend ~$100 per axle for pads instead of ~$15!
I need this. When I decide I've lived long enough, this is the perfect car.
Mid 1950s, served in ww2, has a degree, enjoys weightlifting and cars: can do brain stuff and lifty stuff. Everyone else's economy is in shambles or just recovering. Yeah, that'd do it.
While I do abhor the 4-speed in the C5 (and first year of the C6? can't remember), for track work, a 4-speed manual would do fine with this power and weight. If the ratios were right. If it were a T56 with two non-functional gears: First through fourth would do fine on any slower track (top speed of ~140 in fourth, at least with the standard C5 diff - might be different for the C5Z, can't remember). Given the significantly lighter weight of the car, you could change the rear end ratio to be a bit _taller_. You'd have a gear-limited top speed but even on a faster track, let's say ... 160 would probably be fine as the limit. Alternatively you could probably do the ratios of 2nd through 5th without much trouble. Second gear launches would give you a more usable launch gear, and given the weight, shouldn't be too much trouble. Fifth will max out at about 185 with the standard C5 gear ratios, so with 600 hp you'd probably still be gear limited but does it really matter?
Shit joke, no whoosh.
Nah, you actually have a significantly higher chance of taking a branch than not, in general and without any context.
Well then you probably know some of my coworkers quite well. Hah! Small world. Do you live in the bay area?
Your car should have a sticker on it somewhere (trunk?) with the paint code, right?
Who's assembling this? You? By hand? The reason I ask is because if you can do a qfp component by hand, you really do not need those huge pads for the breadboard headers. Change the pads to smallish circles and you save significant room. Rotate the labels 90 degrees and make them smaller and you save even more room. Definitely consider putting labels inside instead of outside.
I hear a lot of people swap in an aftermarket suspension setup to get it to behave properly. Great car, but ... I'd do it too. And big brakes. Needs both.
Wheels are notoriously difficult to sell for a good value. They basically lose 40-60% of their value on day one, it seems, and thereafter keep value quite well as long as they stay in good condition and in demand.
I think the laws were written a long time ago, when the county sheriff would run a small jail filled with the three repeat drunks and one guy who was waiting to be shot for horse-thieving or whatever. The state didn't want to deal with that bullshit or figuring out a proper bureaucracy, so they were like, "We're gonna give you [the sheriff] money, you figure out how to feed them." Probably a wink and a nudge to not feed them too nicely. Now I bet quite a few sheriffs were like, god, this part of the job is the worst, the state gives _me_ a bunch of money and I have to figure this out? But at least one was like, oh this can work for me ... if I feed them like shit, I get to buy beach houses. So, old laws written for different circumstances, and deep laziness on behalf of the state.
It's kind of weird, but I just assume they're small enough that they're not too worried about giving journalists access to convince the general public. They pre-sell what they build and they make, what, two dozen cars a year? Unless and until they plan to expand or unless they go out of style, they can talk the talk and not let anyone see the goods in action.
"minor differences" my ass.
Chode-crocs, hah
Allagash Black is sooooo good. God damn.
Cash for clunkers introduced a price floor for a number of years (and CA's program sorta continues to do so) but after a seven-year-long bull market, a lot of people have bought a lot of modern cars. And, really, newish cars are like fucking space ships compared to early and mid 2000s cars. So people buy these new cars and need to get rid of their old ones, but a well maintained fifteen year old car is still a good car if from the right manufacturers. So they're not dying like they used to. The 2007 honda is probably in relatively fine condition and so are tons of other cars. So while new cars add to the supply, old cars are dying less than they used to which means they're not being removed from the supply at the same rate. But demand for old cars is lower because people have more money and/or more credit to buy/finance new spaceship-y cars over plain jane older cars. End result is that there are a ton of cheap cars here for good values.
Another bottle shared by a coworker. 45.9%, a respectable ABV, though one has to wonder why they're shorting us the 0.1% Come on! I mean, I'd say "What's 0.1% between friends," but whether we are friends is still to be determined. Neat, glencarin. **Nose** Nutty, raisins, wine, salty-sweet. Plums ... dried plums. **Taste** Medium-big, if that makes sense - peat and smoke are obvious, far more so than the standard 12. Almost no ethanol taste. Tobacco, salt, this sort of subtle-sweet-campfire-green ... like if you throw green wood onto a campfire, something that tastes earthy yet oddly green. **Finish** Long, smoky, really lovely. Mildly numbing. **Final Conclusions** Well balanced. Really quite nice. Certainly lends credence to the idea that not only is there nothing wrong with NAS, it's often downright freeing and good. It's $70 and theoretically limited edition. I probably would find something else for $70 - there's a lot of interesting stuff out there, and I do like my scotch stronger - but that's only because I'm a spoiled little bitch. Okay, in all seriousness, there is no doubt that this deserves a _solid_, respectable &amp;nbsp; **4 / 5 stars**; really nice, though not exceptional &amp;nbsp; ^(0: wtf&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp; 1: no&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp; 2: meh&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp; 3: ok&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp; 4: yes&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp; 5: absolutely and without a doubt)
Because your prices for booze are insaaaaaaane But you can go to a hospital without bankrupting yourself which is nice
What tires? What wheels? Are we trying to dance around corners or just get g-meter figures on a skidpad? And what the hell does "lightly modified" mean to you? Don't spend your time worrying about bench racing, that's my 2c.
There are rarely other people on that road; if you slow down for them, you basically have it to yourself. You can drive straddling the yellow lines for _miles_. Let's be real. I know that road ... 115 on it is not an issue if the only person being endangered is OP.
I'm a petty little bitch, I don't let people do that, I accelerate into the space they seem to want. One bad turn deserves another.
I can see why he'd be annoyed since it affects every 3800 sold, but a one and done job (often enough under warranty) is small potatoes. Especially as he then goes on to praise an engine that regularly has shit going wrong with it. Fix that and it'll outlast the car it's in, damn near every time. Edit: If they wanted to bitch about legitimate issues, spend five minutes bitching about everything else in those cars _other_ than the 3800. It all falls apart. The 3800 doesn't.
&gt;hat I see what you did there
$157.9 ?
People often refer to coolant as anti-freeze. It's okay even if not exactly accurate.
Ah, gotcha. Which L'encantada did you get?
You also get a FREE piece of petrified wood at the gift shop right at the park entrance. No need to steal!
Who's tried these? They look pretty interesting.
NYC is pretty huge and incorporates a lot of far-flung and lower-density areas; Paris-proper and basically-Paris-but-actually-outlying-areas are rather different I suppose.
20k miles is still basically brand new, I don't see what the issue is. Also, $50k buys you a shitload of fast cars if you're willing to go aftermarket. Like, that's thousand-horsepower-built-monster territory if you weren't scared of some miles and some track time. You can talk bang-for-buck but with the GT500 you are buying cachet more than horsepower.
Virtually every car enthusiast community refers to cars by some sort of name specifying the precise model. For example, each ferrari has a model name, and some have important options/updates that are part of the name (like 4-valve versus 2-valve). This is easy to remember since the models are referred to as such publicly. For example, each corvette is called by its generation with a C in front. C1 is the 1st gen, C5 is the 5th gen, C7 is the 7th gen. Additionally, they generally get a "big" designation tacked on, if relevant: C6, C6 Z06, C6 ZR1, C6 GS, C6 427. Sometimes people will care whether it's a z51 package, sometimes they won't. It's very common for GM packages or option codes to become part of the name by which people refer to the cars. Other times cars will be referred to ask "mark 1" or "mk1", "mark 2" or "mk2". For example, if you're talking about an original GT40, you might mention whether it's a mk1 or mk2 GT40. It's also common to refer to cars by engine, eg, displacement: a 289 or a 427, or a 302, or a 351, or a 429 ... or sometimes codenames, like someone might say they're in the market for an LS3 corvette, you know they want a C6 but not the one with the LS2, so 2008+ only. Everyone has a way of disambiguating chassis, engines, transmissions, models, etc. BMW is not unique. BMWs do have a large handful of chassis codes people use and they're not as easy to remember / don't map as well to model years as (eg) corvettes, because it's obvious that a C6 came after a C5 but not obvious where the E92 is in relation to the E30, but that's not really the fault of the BMW community and it's not weird or wrong or particularly annoying for them to refer to their chassis codes, not any more annoying than for people to refer to specific LS engines without every time explaining which is which (because the LS3 came after the LS6, right?)
People use bots to figure out optimal follow-unfollow ratios. It's stupid.
I rate out of 5, and I give 5/5 on a regular basis, but 5/5 is pretty different from 100/100. I can't imagine giving something 100. That'd basically mean nothing can possibly be better.
Huh, ain't that some shit. Dual-cam-in-block engine, 4v ohv. Interesting. That'd be super neat to see in real life.
Pretty neat. Don't super understand how it works (or how it works better than other designs), but I do love these analyses of individual components.
Petition to rename that feature as "cold air extake"
Sure, but the question is, how do you fix it? If you have a Koenigsegg, you can go take your rock-chipped lacquer-coated car to get polished, right? How do you fix it if your exposed carbon fiber gets a chip?
Oh I just looked it up, $150. Ouch
Replaces? Let's check back in 25 years or so
Mezcal is agave distillate from mexico, with a couple rules. Tequila is a very specific type of mezcal with a lot of rules.
There sure is! Anything you want if you do a review!
Hoovie already lent them to some low-knowledge youtuber who burned them down.
What the fuck are they talking about? Occupy was a bunch of college-age kids who had no point to make, who were tolerated well beyond reason until they were (months later) kicked out of the places they were squatting and shitting. They brought themselves down by having no leadership, no points, no demands... and looking ridiculous and being entitled. And shitting on the street.
Throwing shade, I like it
I do have that one. Bought it some months back. Are you in the SF bay area?
Does it have a 'sport' mode to aggressively downshift when you use the throttle?
Interesting. I'll check but I don't think I've seen that. Especially not with the bone in. Hmm
Before reddit banned sample swaps, we organized tons. We used the 1oz and 2oz Boston Round bottles you can find on either amazon or specialtybottle. You can definitely give them as gifts (make sure to label them well!) or find splitting groups elsewhere (not reddit anymore.)
Bet the US average would increase if 66% of the population lost their gunt.
PS, you can crosspost these to /r/armagnac! Nice review. Pity you didn't like it much.
Hey you're not OP
No. The deal was not a slice of Rosneft but the brokerage fees from selling a slice of Rosneft (on the order of nine figures, I believe.)
If you're one of those people who mount your coolers so they can be directly impacted as you drive, that's your cross to bear. The rest of us have shit in front of them for precisely this reason, we don't want rocks lodged in there.
Exponential curve. 100 hp: junkyard honda engine. 300hp: junkyard gen 3/4 sbc with electronics. 500hp: gen 3/4 sbc with parts, maybe significant parts depending on desired power profile and use case. 750hp: more parts, more expensive parts. Significant external stuff to keep it cool and so on. Almost certainly power adders, not NA, except in some cases (cubes). Etc
They in no way put driving performance and handling first when designing cars. Nobody does, really - cars need to sell, customers need to want to buy. Features, comfort, reliability, cost - if these are wrong, a model will rarely sell a decent number of copies. But BMW puts comfort and marketing far ahead of performance and handling. Far, far ahead, with only a few cars excepted.
Feel free to disagree. I'm gonna be over here looking at BMWs back from an era where they were far less bloated and way more fun, and ignoring their expensive luxo-mobiles that lose in just about any performance metric to cars half the price. Considering you've owned so many BMWs, I figure you either know your shit or you need to justify your purchasing decisions to us. Flip a coin. (Though I might add that a person churning through a car every two years within a brand inspires zero confidence in me. I guess that's the bmw target market though.)
I do virtually all my maintenance myself, and any relatively simple or straightforward repair. Shit, my mechanic even tells me sometimes that certain stuff isn't worth bringing in because it's so quick/easy to do. Of course that means I never complain when something needs a pro to look at it, whether due to difficulty or lack of time. My shop charges me a decent rate and we get along great. They don't mind when parts are in the trunk and often that lets them squeeze me in same day. I'm happy to pay when I need to but usually for parts there's no need for me to pay extra markup. So I have an arrangement where I usually don't. It's reasonable.
Red is crap. Blue is boring. The rest are overpriced but not bad or anything, worth trying once.
Oil is the ultimate bikeshed problem. Ask people what camshaft profile they want for reasonable streetability and high-end power in a modern SBC and you'll get pointed to like three manufacturers and a suggestion to use a factory hot-cam and a suggestion for a custom profile. Ask people what oil to use and get eighteen thousand responses about what their grandpappy has been running since 1953. Either go with what the manufacturer recommends or go with any high quality oil from a well known brand. Literally any of them. Choose a weight that a bunch of other people are running successfully, there are bound to be two dozen for every engine so just throw a dart at a list. I run 5w30 in my C5. Manufacturer recommendation. But if I plan to track it I can run 0w40 or 15w50 and that's cool. I could run that on the street too if I didn't mind some reduced mileage or if is super hot. I can run 10w30 of course if I run out of 5w30. My buick wants 10w30 but 5w30 will do just fine. I can stick the same oil in both cars for convenience - or I can put more expensive oil in the c5 and keep cheaper stuff for the buick. Outside of track use it really does not matter. I used to use mobil 1 full synth 10w30 in the buick, usually the extended mileage stuff if available. 5Q jug into a 4.5Q capacity wet sump works great, especially as it leaks a bit. Like $28. When the extended mileage stuff became available I switched to that. Then I got the C5 which wants mobil 1 full synth 5w30. At one point I had both types then I said fuck it, both get the same oil. Convenient and price efficient. Then I decided to switch to amsoil for track stuff so I again have two oils. If I fuck up and run out or use the wrong one it doesn't matter. Switching hasn't given me any improvements I've noticed but it makes me feel better ... point is, it basically just does not matter. Virtually all fullsynth oils of a given weight are compatible and you can go heavier or lighter with hardly any consequence - especially if you need to due to an oops.
Carbs are much easier to rebuild or fix in your garage, but fuel injection is way more reliable and the fix is almost always to just replace a component (injector, etc) or check your battery / alternator / grounds. Nobody rebuilds a fuel injector (mostly) but then hardly anyone ever needs to touch their injectors on timelines applicable to carbs. (Looking at you, BMW.) I'll take FI almost any day. Almost.
Toyota fucking knocked it out of the park even on gen1 priuses with regards to reliability, considering how much new stuff they did for that car. Tesla unlike Toyota did and does not have decades of experience building cars so reliable that people get angry because they can't justify replacing their working car but they want a new car. Tesla claimed much lower maintenance costs due to being an electric, which is only true up to the point where tesla-specific parts need service or replacement which cannot be done on a toyota price point. Teslas don't have engines to service but their electric motors get swapped regularly due to issues, and of course the rest of the car is still there and still needs repairs and service - despite their claims, rubber still wears out and metal can fatigue or break. Most other electric cars do have lower maintenance which makes me jealous.
A bunch of $50-65 bottles from K&amp;L, their IB cask strength stuff. Mmmmm
Love it. Thank you. I imagine this line delivered with a straight face on TV.
How much it costs? How good is it?
Yeah because my v8 car (that gets better mileage than my v6 car) is the same as purposefully rolling coal. Listen to yourself talk
Is 79 good for you?
ETL is one of my favorites but it ain't worth $79 as far as I'm concerned.
Removed - blogspam.
Considering an AG has been nominated, quite likely to be gone within a couple months, yes. Would prefer tossed on his ass for being a crook.
He is not particularly 'left' or 'right' with economic policy since, frankly, he has no real economic policy nor knowledge. Mostly he's just happy to give handouts to the wealthy (people and corporations). More importantly, he's xenophobic, nationalist, and authoritarian. Usually we'd call that fascist (right authoritarian) rather than left-authoritarian (communist dictator, etc). What you wrote makes not much sense to me.
His followers in congress often try to implement his policies. Even his inane ranting has serious real world consequences. His executive orders and his pressure on congress (and his appointing of a supreme court justice who thinks he cannot be indicted) are serious policy actions.
Bruh. You're advocating literally dropping in any old LED versus a decently engineered projector replacement (one I named specifically, not an ebay special) that errebody on the corvette forum raves about. Look, I appreciate you trying to help, but it's not the direction I'm going to go.
He went to prison for armed robbery.
He was offered $1.6B in exchange for a more permanent DACA. Talked up his great compromising and deal making skills and then didn't go with the deal made. Because he doesn't negotiate in good faith. Then he could have had $1.3B but didn't. Now he ain't getting shit. New house won't pass funding for his dipshit wall. Neither current nor new senate will find 60 votes for it either.
Proper employment checks and papers that don't get faked as easily. His own favorite golf course / retreat was paying illegal immigrants with fake papers. Like, as of a couple months ago. Considering how many illegal immigrants came here and overstayed their visas, there are probably fifty different strategies that need to be pursued as well. Relatively little of it has to do with sneaking over the border from mexico - as of a couple years ago, net illegal immigration from mexico is low and occasionally negative. I think during the recession more people actually left.
Use the internet to check. Some parks don't have a gate. Go to those. Death Valley is awesome. Easily worth two or three days.
Yep... that's some good shit.
Pulling out properly is very effective, almost as effective as condoms. That said. I was young and stupid - and lucky. I don't roll the dice that way anymore.
More details. The standard stuff. Go.
Unfortunately I missed it.
Yep they can often give you direct recommendations.
Each individual gas station can decide a price floor, and they can look at the neighboring stations to check what's up. 'Price fixing' is totally legal if nobody actually enters into an arrangement - doing it by simply copying competitors prices is A-OK. Or, more precisely, with no arrangement, it doesn't legally qualify.
Reddit app ain't got those, unless maybe one goes digging through some semi hidden menus?
Thanks. Didn't know that. I'm a little surprised how many people are upset someone didn't know what this sub was about. I'll make my way out too.
I see you moved on from your "stupid touchdown story troll" schtick to a "stupid story troll" schtick. You have a lot of time on your hands but you're not very creative.
You could easily argue that but it's long been shown that nobody will buy the argument. Blatant theft with nobody badgering you into doing it, tricking you, coercing you, etc, isn't gonna go away from claiming entrapment.
Quintuple post! Nice
Are we doing pointless bottle porn again?
Performance-wise, the GT3/GT4 models are very well placed for their price. The base models are not. In between you're deciding whether you want luxury or performance for the dollars you're adding. The 911 has had a million changes over the years. The reason they're as good as they are is because of continuous improvements over decades.
I'm confused, but I appreciate that the guy did it.
True. But sometimes there are BGAs that only have a couple dozen pads, sometimes big pads. You can even lay down solder paste by hand without stencil and get good yield. Hobbyists are more likely to use, say, a coolrunner cpld than, say, a 900 pin artix 7 or something, eh?
I agree with some of this. If I was king of lights: - Always on lights, by default, technologically. You may be able to turn them off but it's non-persistent. Law says they need to be on if you're driving on a public road. Front and rear, of course. - Yes, yellow turn signals. - Headlights need to be calibrated such that a suite of tests representing an "average driver" does not get "blinded" by on-coming headlights. Figure out the precise details of how that works. - Allow new cool technology like having light output between "low" and "high", with those fancy automated systems. - Enforce headlight laws. Including the ones about blue headlights. - Probably tell GM to stop using reverse lights when car is unlocked.
I'd go HRE if I wanted a show car. If I wanted good performance and wanted an aftermarket non-carbon wheel I'd stick with Forgeline. If I had an F40 I have no idea what I'd actually want, though, that's pretty much not gonna happen ...
95dB at half-range at idle, yeah? That's real loud.
&gt; And I made a PC with more capability than anything Apple has ever made for 1600 literally the other day. Go on, do tell.
Thanks for the reviews! Yak is definitely beloved around here.
They phased out leaded gas a decade before, did they not? I wouldn't eat it, probably, because of the pollution ... just not that precise pollution.
My problem with techshop was that despite the high monthly cost, they didn't allow any work on cars. For all the DIY they had ... all I had time for was working on my car, not some random laser cutter this or wood burning that.
You are 100% right but it's pedantic bullshit nobody cares about.
Back then, it had the performance to match. Do you want generic go-fast aesthetics of c6r aesthetics? Specific widebody, etc pieces? Start with the one company that would sell you a completed product and see where those bits and pieces trickled down to. It's a starting point.
Not malicious compliance. Going home after being fired isn't malicious compliance. Also is English your native language?
I also have a 1991 civic with AC and no other options! No power anything ... except seat belts.
Wait, you're saying the turbocharged car did better at 6500 feet than a naturally aspirated one? Say it ain't so.
Are the shocks actually okay? Push down. Does it come straight up and stop? Or does it come up, bounce, bounce? Does it make any noise? Another thing I see regularly is, I drive down the highway, and someone (usually driving a beater) has one or more of the wheels of their car constantly bouncing up and down on fairly level road. Bounce bounce bounce bounce. Shocks. Or, yknow, struts, whichever.
Yes
Oprah's show. We remember
https://bringatrailer.com/listing/1968-chevrolet-camaro-38/ Bid to just under $20k. Very reasonable price for that car IMO.
&gt; This essentially creates a brine solution that is reabsorbed into the steak. This will leave you with a juicy steak that's properly salted all the way through, rather than just on the surface. By "all the way through" you mean, like, two millimeters deep, right?
Is that your flair, or a description of what you're up to?
Preppers who stockpile gold and have 200 pounds of fat on them are the ones we make fun of.
&gt; And so can having warped rotors Just re-bed the rotors in, they're probably fine.
Depends. Some traction control is great, some is terrible. Many cars just kill power when wheels start to slip, not a good way to go up an icy hill ...
Shit troll job
Hey, random meta question for y'all. Sorry to pollute your threads. Do you see red flair for the OP (smitty_oom)? Can you tell me whether you're on new reddit or old reddit, and whether you see red flair? Thanks much.
Mustangs don't lose 50% in 2-3 years. What do 2016 mustang GTs sell for? Stripper models could be bought for around $32k, but they sure as shit aren't $16k today.
woohoo!!
I just don't see a Supra being worth Supra money. :)
Lame.
Interesting.
Therr are a little under three thousand total, average would be the 1500th (ish) school. Thousands usually wouldn't mean "less than two" eh?
Very sad. Also a real reminder to us to not be cocky about unknown waters. I'm a very strong swimmer but as I got older I realized I needed to stop saying "pfft" and be a bit smarter. Too many people - like him, like Jeff Buckley, like others - strong swimmers who went for a dip and never came back.
So apparently, the Lancia Stratos - the new, re-launched version - that I've seen a couple times around CA (Monterey car week, on display) - is either the only one they've built so far, as a showcase, or one of exceedingly few. They're planning to build 25. Apparently it's based on a 430 Scud. Edit: Whoops, I missed a word in the title. Leaving this up as a showcase of embarrassment
There's one here in the bay area, down in san jose / santa clara / etc, that I've seen once or twice! Super cool.
Sounds like exactly what OP wants - something they don't have to "chase" for a budget of $150..... Though I'd say Tapatio Excelencia for that price.
People run like 1400 horsepower on a smaller throttle body than 102. People use the stock 75mm/78mm throttle bodies at pretty damn high horsepower builds. What are your goals?
People enjoying cars in their own way. You're crying about cultural appropriation. Please froth at the mouth harder.
You can get em on a flow bench if you want to know how well they flow. Realistically 400 horse out of 413ci should be very doable. The question is what you'll need to spend to get there.
Pads don't really gas much anymore.
RX7 rotaries aren't known to live forever, let's put it that way. https://www.redbubble.com/people/terraoperative/works/11679744-rotary-engine-diagram-boost-in-apex-seals-out?p=t-shirt
&gt;the C8 should take the $100k+ range No. That's ridiculous.
Fiero gets the resurrected L67
How many corvettes have had an inflation-adjusted entry price of $100k? $90k? $80k? The corvette has a relatively simple design goal: affordable halo sports car. People keep talking about technology and implementation details. Front (front-mid) versus mid (rear-mid) engine layout. Manual vs automatic transmission, planetary torque converter auto versus dual clutch auto. Cam-in-block overhead valve versus double overhead cam. Naturally aspirated versus hybrid-roots supercharger versus dual turbocharger. I mean shit, the debate over the tail lights ... Nah. That's not the recipe. The recipe is simple. A car that americans can reasonably expect to be able to buy if they do reasonably well in life. A car that shows favorably against its competition. Lately, this has meant a car that outright out-performs other sports cars that cost significantly more and approaches real-world performance of various supercars priced into the six figures, sometimes well into the six figures. This reflects well in the corvette's sales. Look at the sales of all sports cars. Most don't sell that well. The miata and the corvette move numbers. The 86 twins aren't too bad, but sell a lot less. The cayman/boxster don't sell nearly as well. The 911 sells well for its price, but it doesn't sell nearly as well either. (The 911 is probably the best selling car by far in the price range, which these days starts near six figures.) High-volume supercars (ferrari, lambo) sell very well for being supercars, but of course they sell a small fraction of what corvettes sell. Corvettes sell because people can afford them. They sell because people like them. They're a value sports car, at the higher power and performance target. And really, most any brand makes the bulk of its money off the lower-priced, higher-volume portions of its business. The mainstay corvette is the base model, maybe with the z51 package; that's what keeps a factory full. The Z06 and ZR1 sell a small fraction of the numbers. Not because they're not fast - they're hilariously fast - but because they're more expensive. What you're proposing is that GM is going to take its market, a market where it can expect to sell ~30k cars per year in a good economy except when everyone is waiting for the refresh, and take ~20-25k of those customers and tell them they simply can't afford the new corvette. You're proposing that every single person who bought a C7 base, C7 grand sport, or C7 Z06 will be told they cannot afford a C8 for a similar price. They'd be telling &gt;90% of the customers who bought a new C2, C3, C4, C5, C6, or C7 that they cannot afford to buy a new C8 at a similar, inflation-adjusted price point. The C5 kept up with a lot of its competition and the C5Z outright smoked a fair few cars, including some of the higher-marque cars. The C6 kept up, and the C6Z and later C6 ZR1 beat many. The C7 kept up, and the C7 Z06 and later C7 ZR1 beat many. Before then, even the later C4s held their own, some doing exceptionally well. They all did so at pretty consistent price points. But GM is going to move an engine back six feet and double the price? That's ridiculous. That's what I started with, and that's what I'll finish with: ridiculous.
&gt; I'm sure they will offer a "base model" with a Twin Turbo V6 or something like that. It's really lovely to be sure about things. I'm not sure, because it's still a few weeks till they announce the car and _actually tell us the goddamn details_, which might be more illuminating than people being sure online.
Yeah, the C7 interior is perfectly okay to me. It's not awesome, but it's miles nicer than anything I've ever owned ... perfectly respectable. My C5 interior is very very bleh in comparison, thankfully I didn't buy it for the interior styling. (Also, the bits being swapped out make a big improvement in style. Even the C5 looks okay inside when you go for sport seats, head unit, shifter and knob, etc etc. Never great, but no longer straight embarrassing.)
I wonder: is there any six-figure car that sells more than ~15k units a year? (Like six-figure base price, not six-figure-fully-loaded-dealer-options price.) The C7 sold ~30k units a year when people weren't waiting for the C8 refresh. Did they do that with a single shift too, except maybe right before launch?
Yeah, that was a ~$120 bottle for a long, long time. But you sure stole it at the $500 price point! If other people are willing to pay more, I'd just resell it to them and move on, but that's me.
4L80 is known to be damn near indestructible, so GM maybe coulda done a bit better.
Awesome knowledge. Thanks a ton.
Man, what a kick in the teeth. I feel bad for Mero.
And a business card of a lawyer who knows you in your pocket.
I can't imagine they did, I don't think they even released sales numbers for the watch category, let alone individual models. Analysts may have gotten good estimates, or maybe they didn't, really hard to know.
Ford, if you're gonna bring a special model to the US, tell the dealer to _fucking knock it off_. Their huge markups are destroying the hype, and most of your potential customers are choosing similar cars without markup.
Doesn't appear to be a bot. Can you elaborate?
I imagine all states have a law like that, but it's much cheaper to lose your license and pay a lawyer to convince the court there's not enough evidence to convict, than to lose your license and pay a lawyer and be convicted.
Destroked only really makes sense for high RPM builds. Between the two, you're trading between high RPM and high low-end torque. Which is more fun for you? As mentioned, mild strokers aren't too bad for reliability but big strokers generally need a block that supports it or you get excessive wear. Destroked at stock RPM is going to be very reliable, but for higher RPM you need to select components and targets carefully.
Ban sales of non FDA approved ecigs, to be clearer.
Agreed.
I imagine that unless GM really really fucks up the build and launch of the C8, you should expect some amount of contention for the first ~6 months, with some amount of 'allocation' needing to happen; after that they should definitely be available on lots as-built. Don't put up with dealer bullshit while there's contention: don't pay over MSRP, and don't allow them to convince you that you're supposed to buy it without a test drive. (I imagine a good number of folks will, at least at first, buy without a test drive, and dealers may not have one on the lot that they can put miles on. Wait till they do.)
Most of them can easily fit in one of those cars, but they'll have to ask their mom to turn off the passenger airbag, because it's not safe for most 12-year-olds to ride in the front seat with airbags turned on.
You're not going to do that.
The whistles go WOO, You wanna WOO WOO
Wow. https://www.autotrader.com/car-news/video-heres-weird-practical-reason-people-put-aftermarket-rims-honda-odyssey-minivans-271699 That's really obnoxious. Unrelated: &gt; If you've ever installed a set of wheels that aren't the stock size on a car with a tire pressure monitoring system (TPMS), you know that it makes the TPMS freak out. Really? Mine didn't give a shit going to a very different size.
The border where there's food and water? That has fences. The border that doesn't have fences? It's desert, largely. A big river.
Absolutely. They should have made an automatic and offered it in convertible for all gens. Simply for the sake of selling in enough numbers to keep it up. The C5Z and C6Z for example were great cars but if Chevy made nothing but manual hardtop corvettes, their numbers would have been half or less through those gens.
Please don't shitpost
BOTH SIDES
Jill was a plant. Fuck her too.
Depending on the implementation, it may be significantly more robust, and it'll be better for water/dirt not getting into the button (since there is none.) But not necessarily my favorite strategy. I like buttons fine.
Smooth ain't a flavor but I'm glad you're enjoying it.
Rule 1, please and thank you
I don't think they're big enough to have a marketing department. But they make good juice. I've had the range and it's solid stuff. I like DJ anejo but some folks find it a little too woody, a little too little agave in it; and of course a little too commercialized.
I remember games calling it an "alias." Sigh
How's the vibration?
BRAKES. This should be your literal, first item. Brake fluid, yes, but the actual brakes too. You need track pads at absolute minimum if running stock size on the track. Radiator is a must - but a separate oil cooler works better. In any event, ensure you use the ImprovedRacing oil thermostat. Thermostat is useless. Whether 160 or 180 or even 200, you won't have issues till oil and coolant are past 250F. Especially if you live somewhere with a winter. You really want better oil control. The standard solution starts, usually, with a catch can and overfilling 1Q at the track. Next, if you graduate to really sticky tires, oil pan baffles are great. Oil accumulator effectiveness is debated. New fluids are a must but redline isn't panacea. Anything reputable is fine. Doesn't matter. Just freshen it up. Dexcool 50/50 is fine. 70/30 water/dexcool is fairly common for cars that see a fair bit of track and not much winter. 60/40 is a very safe compromise. Otherwise pure track cars often run water + water wetter. Really the two terminal issues of C5s at tracks are brakes and cooling. Eventually you end up wanting to cool, like, all the fluids. Sticky tires means you need a new steering pump so you may as well cool that. Trans and diff want a cooler too. Engine oil obviously, fat radiator for coolant obviously. And the stock brakes are really under-specced for the application. Some run stock size sprint brakes, most go for bigger brakes. C6Z brakes are better but still pretty bad.
Nice review. Didn't post it to /r/cognac?
Oddly, it's not showing up for me. Edit: and now it's live
OEM cats are horrendously expensive. In some places you aren't _legally_ allowed to buy used cats (of course, nobody really checks too hard). My C5's cat pipes are about $2k. I can buy a used set for about $100 though.
&gt; GM and John Deere were trying to rid their customers of the right to repair stating that the ECUs and computers could be use for "pirating", and they just sort of BS'd any physical repairs into that. I can't speak to Deere, but two of my three cars are GM cars that need repair once in a while ... I sorta keep abreast. What GM won't be meeting you with smiles for is if you're trying to flash the ECU (PCM) for tunes. There are a small number of manufacturers who sell canned tunes with their work (eg, Callaway), and GM is happy with those. The rest need to figure out how to break the encryption, basically. Once they do, GM doesn't do anything about it. They may deny warranty on engine-reliability issues if it might be tune related, but other than that ... nada. They also don't do anything about you slapping on your own parts. In fact, there are multiple websites that do nothing but retail GM parts - like a dealer's parts desk, but online - and they're all up and functioning. gmpartsgiant, gmpartsdirect, etc etc etc. Buy parts and slap them on at home. Also, there are eighteen million (probably) aftermarket manufacturers selling parts for your GM car. Not a single dealer has refused to work with me because my car has aftermarket shit on it, of course. All manufacturers are being kinda pricks about the whole encrypted ECU thing, but they don't actually punish you if you break it - except maybe Ferrari who won't let you buy the new Ferrari directly from them. They've always been like that. That said, there are not many repair issues tied to encrypted ECUs. With new cars there may be some really annoying stuff due to the infotainment screens, but frankly, infotainment screens are always gonna be weird proprietary computers full of weird, automotive-targeted parts. They're gonna drive a lot of cars being considered more or less dead in ten to twenty years, if nobody is able to replace them at a reasonable cost - which currently is easily four figures. But then, when have any embedded computers running full operating systems with big screens been easy to deal with? &gt; I know Apple tried to make it illegal to sell your used phones second hand because you, as a private party, weren't an "authorized Apple retailer" Would like a FAT source on that. Your phone is your phone, you can sell it to anyone you want. &gt; And they drug that one YouTube guy through the court system for quite a while. One guy who repairs apple devices makes long, ranty videos about apple every other day. In one video he was showing schematics, which were stolen (and copyrighted). Apple sent him a cease-and-desist for showing copyrighted stuff, he isn't showing schematics anymore, and that was more or less the end of that. I assume that's what you're referring to? (They weren't reverse engineered schematics, which would have been kosher to show if the person who made them allowed it.) Now I personally think that right-to-repair could mandate some amount of schematics-sharing ... but on the other hand, it would be pretty shitty to be a company making stuff that a thousand white-box manufacturers in china try to copy, and be forced to give them your schematics so that they could copy it way easier.
Hi folks, I apologize for the snafu. For some reason the bot didn't run properly this week. I have no idea why. I will be watching this and fix it asap. Please forgive us if it does some weird stuff next week.
Any chance you can post a youtube link? I don't do FB
Is this video done by a big-name tuner shop with relationships with manufacturers, and/or are the resultant cars for sale as complete packages (often for very high prices)? I am sure he'd do Singer, may or may not do a Callaway corvette, and I don't think he has a ton of interest in small-shop or home-built stuff.
Metal has to be refined to be recycled properly if you want to maintain its properties - however, there are new alloys coming out that are specifically designed to still work well with impurities from a cheaper, simpler recycling procedure. I think there's a new aluminum alloy used in shiny consumer products from a big company that's designed this way.
I believe it would be an upgrade. Or it would be if the car was the same weight, anyways. Having owned (and tracked) my supercharged corvette ... I think NA is the way to go. That said, the C8Z is gonna have probably at most 10% end up at the track, so what people really like is bigger numbers.
Aaand now you're in lockup for a couple days for contempt of court.
Got a bunch of money, financed a car with a down payment and confidence that they can afford it now.
Oh that was just me guessing, sorry
The nice thing about the long gearing is that you spin at a lower RPM on the freeway. Nobody wants to drive a big block v8 doing 3400 RPM at 70 mph.
Viper ACR owners basically have a gentleman's agreement to not sell under six figures. As long as the economy is good, very few owners will be hard up for cash to the point where they need to fire-sell it. I will add that quality modifications are worth money on most sports cars when proportionate in value to the car ... however, they're generally worth somewhere between 10c to, eh, 65c on the dollar for parts, and roughly 0 for labor. So a $7k supercharger + install + tune will probably add ~$3-4k value to a $15-30k sports car. Or $1500 coilovers on a $5k miata will probably add $500 to the price someone who already wants good coilovers is willing to pay. It makes it harder to sell, and between those two facts, it's often better to return it to stock and part out the upgrades. Certainly vipers are there too; it costs $$$$$ to add heads, bigger cam, valvetrain to match, tune etc; but certainly people like a 800 NA crank0horsepower viper more than a 650 NA crank-horsepower viper and are willing to pay a nice fraction of that sum if the parts and work are good.
I'm not really seeing a reasonably likely chain of events where someone has consequences for writing papers for some dude a thousand miles away on the internet. Not a crime. Colleges don't like it but they can't do much to the paper writer.
Is that right? Very interesting. Go on
We both know your poor attitude carries over to real life, where you close doors for yourself.
I own a house, refused to look at any HOA that was anything more than a shared pool.
Hate it, but that's only my two cents and the exchange rate to dollars is very poor - As others have said, modern automatics use electronic control and the shifter is no longer in any way mechanically linked. Since it's electronic control, you can do that in any number of ways, re-designing the strategy for ergonomics, convenience, safety, etc. But to me, what works best is what I know best. What I know best is a big ol fucking stick hanging out of the console area (elevated off the floor by a foot or so). There is no mistaking the effect or the position. I am okay with some button setups, hate many, and I hate the rotary thingy. I am 100% okay with paddles, for some reason.
LS4 was a transverse engine, and it's about the same size as an LT1.
Wanna sell one? I'm curious about what it'd cost.
&gt; A dealer that doesn't offer test drives on enthusiast cars is a dealer that doesn't respect their potential customers &amp; doesn't deserve your business, IMO. I also add an exception for cars where demand outstrips supply and the car sells itself. Like the new C8, for the first probably two years, will have every model sold before it shows up at the dealer. They're not gonna let you test-drive a car someone else already bought, obviously. But even after that, I bet a lot of dealers will tell you with a straight face, "this car is gonna sell within a week or two, and our customers want no more than delivery miles on it, soooooooo ....." or "test drive with deposit only." Which, honestly, I kinda get. I think _good_ dealers will figure out how to have demo units or whatever, but there are indeed a lot of customers who will literally go elsewhere to get one with 3 miles on the odometer vs 40. And in fairness to them, they know that test drives on sports cars often mean a fair amount of manhandling and mishandling. Annoying but as long as the merchandise flies off the lot, most will take the easy solution; and as long as the customers want a car with literally delivery miles and nothing more, most dealers will fail to bridge that gap properly -- Chevy dealers are, still, chevy dealers, not porsche dealers; most don't really know how to properly sell a $60k-120k car.
I subscribed here because it was better than the standard tech default but good lord, you people and apple.
Tech companies - well, some - pay BS-candidate interns like 85k on an annualized basis plus housing. PhD is a lot of opportunity cost and there are way better ways to make money in STEM.
It's about knowing if he can trust the shop, I'd say.
That too. "Whodat? Cop? Hmm. Headlights ... not a crown vic. Right, they have explorers and chargers now. Shit, I don't ever remember those lights. Is that a light bar or a roof rack? Well I might need to slow down to 65 ..."
There's no throughput issue at 10pm unless the road has a hazard.
Disagree: The C6 Z06 is the coolest corvette. The C6 ZR1 is a garage queen that'll overheat on the track just like a C7 Z06 unless you upgrade the cooling system, and it'll cost you stupid amounts of money to replace those carbon rotors if you track it too. It's got more horsepower than the C6 Z06, sure, but it's a slightly smaller displacement supercharged setup; with a 'fully upgraded but not taken out' LS7 (heads, cam, exhaust, etc, but stock internals) you're getting about the same crank horsepower as a C6 ZR1, staying naturally aspirated. The ZR1 has the same mediocre dry sump system as the Z06, to my knowledge, as well. Also the C6 Z06 is half the price and they actually get driven.
We're not going to ban someone because they used the word "ricer" or "riced." Not unless they have a long, long history of warnings and/or bans for their behavior and they're clearly using it to be racist or combative. Usually removals and warnings only when it's used in a manner derogatory towards other /r/cars commenters.
Please don't call people names.
GGLC actually is having their first of the season at Cow Palace. I dunno about BMW (maybe I saw you there or lotus?) nor the corvette club. I have a blue C5 with 255 or 256 numbers on it depending on the club. You might have seen the ceramic metallic (almost white) ND next to mine too, a friend I've introduced to the fun. Another mod here used to run with golden gate bmw club too!
Good luck! I hope it's awesome.
You arrest them as they leave to go to the store, not literally in a grocery store.
Agreed. When he jumped bail and left the country, I was 100% on his side, because Japan basically sits you in an interrogation room and metaphorically (and, if you're not a CEO, probably physically) hammers on you, without a lawyer, until you confess to whatever they want. They give you a higher prison sentence if you don't plead guilty. They don't even charge you, just keep you in jail and interrogate you for pretty much as long as they want. What kind of justice system is that? I'm pretty much of the opinion that anyone with the ability to skip bail should, because Japan's actions don't even remotely convince me of any of the accused's guilt.
I'd go for the C5Z buuuuut the guy who wins track records probably knows better. The problem with the C5Z is that it's great for light track duty as is, only needing brakes and better cooling (either oil cooler, bigger radiator, or both. I have both but my c5 is supercharged so it's pretty much a requirement. However! If you plan to go full bore, all those nice bits on the C5Z get upgraded anyways so they're kind of a waste, except for: the hard top / lower weight, engine, and gearing. If you have the coun... c6z
Surprisingly not shite for the branding. I'm still probably not gonna go for it though haha
There's three kinds of corvette owners - the A-B drivers, the old fogeys who think their corvette is super rare and valuable (or will be), and the track day bros. There is some overlap. Some can get pretty annoying ;)
&gt; BUT most people have never said its OK to have your car tricked out like a track car or rally car but never use it for that. I dunno, maybe you've missed more than a few posts. Plenty of people will ask "why do you need that?" If someone's goal is to have their car blinged out, that's fine, as long as they're honest about their goals and intentions. In fact, if they're honest about it, they can save a bunch of money by buying stuff that looks cool but hasn't actually had money spent on engineering it to work. On the plus side, people buying fancy gear they don't need just means in a few years we'll be able to buy it for half price, slap it on and go tracking with it. :)
That's pretty damn funny.
Depersonalization is a good way to put it. I've done a fair few long drives non-stop, and the bad ones, at the end, you're almost an observer of yourself driving than actively involved in driving. The more traffic, the worse it gets. I've learned good lessons about how to recognize the mental state that's indicative of me needing to stop. Thankfully I can still usually knock out 16-18 hours when well rested and in no-to-lower-end traffic without it getting to that state. But a lot of people are like you, basically half a tank or a tank of gas (in a normal car) and they need a break. The guy who set this record is either incredibly lucky with his abilities to focus, or was on some sort of stimulants, or was in a bad state towards the end, or a combination of those.
If you drew a venn diagram of San Francisco County and San Francisco City, you'd find it to be a ~~circle~~ city. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/San_Francisco
Re-bed the brakes in. Often cleans up the surfaces smooth enough to stop vibration. Especially if your rotor is decently above the discard thickness.
I'm frankly amazed at how much work George has been able to get done with so few tools, but then, I also bet he'd make much quicker progress if he had 'em. Like, he didn't even have a breaker bar till recently? I'm in awe, I couldn't do any suspension work without a breaker bar and/or impact wrench.
Thanks for the review! Do you already have flair? I can't tell because reddit is ... yknow
Nice review. Pity it was so thin. Crosspost to /r/armagnac too!
I dunno if I'd wait till they were empty. ;)
That may be true. Honestly my cars are too old, what do I know, hah
Got any reading about ND1 trans issues? I'm hearing a noise in the ND1 I get to drive occasionally.
I see. Might not be the same issue then; we took this one in and they were like, yeah it makes a noise, we may have a TSB and updated parts in the future but the noise might also be harmless. /shrug Still some years left on the warranty so we'll see how it goes.
Gotta love Jason Cammisa. Always good to watch!
