Uhh, well if your legs aren't hitting the bars during regular riding it's not really an issue. DJs are meant to feel small, but how small you can handle is up to you. A smaller bike is easier to trick.
Could also just eliminate legislating in lame duck sessions.
&gt; Ended up paying around 4K after insurance That's insane...
From the last year: Cost for breaking my wrist in April: $50 for a brace. Required ER visit, multiple X-rays, multiple appointments, multiple casts. Cost for ambulance+ER visit+doctor visit for concussion: $45 (ambulance rides always cost money to avoid abuse). Cost for broken rib, sprained toes: $0 Tax rate: 15%. With write-offs it was considerably lower. In the States it'd be 12%
That he has insurance and still has to pay 4 grand. In Canada you'd probably pay around $100 for some prescription meds and that's it.
This isn't a frankenbike, it's a [rocker bike](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9Qvrk8Bgv7A). They look like a lot of fun for gettin' stupid.
&gt; Modern 29er are pretty agile, just gotta get used to it! That's not how this works. 29ers are inherently less maneuverable because they'll usually\* have a longer wheelbase and chainstays, and they always have larger wheels. \*: 29ers *can* have shorter wheelbases, stays, and reach than 27.5ers, but their natural tendency is to lean long. I recently tried a SC Hightower and it actually felt really natural because its geo is *reeeaaally* similar to my Meta, but it also felt super weird because it's short for a 29er. The bike felt cramped even though it was the same as my Meta.
27.5 tubes will work in all three sizes in a pinch.
&gt; While a lot of people would disagree that the smaller wheels are stronger I can say from my limited sample size I think they are. I don't know why anyone would argue that, seeing as it's a fact :P. And 26ers are stronger still, and folding a BMX 20 incher is a goddamn accomplishment.
You're thinking of cholera.
I'd get it. You could certainly get better for more, but I don't see how you'd get better for less. I'd also recommend that you do as little upgrading as possible. Get it running, and if you must upgrade I'd stop at nice tubeless tires and ghetto tubeless. That alone will make a huge difference in ride quality. I'd ride the bike into the ground until you're ready for a new bike altogether rather than spend money on a marginally better drivetrain or fork or whatever.
That's happened a bunch of times.
Hah I'm not the one downvotin' :P. All taxes? Well no, there's also sales tax. But that's pretty much it.
Carbon can have catastrophic damage done with barely any outward sign, whereas aluminium shows its damage. Aluminium can also deform, whereas carbon just breaks into horrible splinters. Aluminium does fatigue, but it takes a long-ass time. I wouldn't worry about a 5 year old alloy bike, but I wouldn't want to buy a 5 years used carbon frame.
And how does the DVO compare?
&gt; Who doesn't get fully ~~geared up~~ undressed and sit on their bike in front of a floor mirror to see how good you look?
If it's going through CP it may be delayed over a *month*, so just bear that in mind.
There are only 15 million ethnic Jews in the entire world.
&gt; That’s more of a modern phenomena in the religion. For a while It was “whatever”, but before that there was a conversion campaign. By modern you mean for the last 1700-1400 years?
The only source for this is a shitty yahoo article and was definitely leaked by the defense lawyers for the perps. They're trying to make people think the investigation should end.
Slightly nicer drivetrain and brakes, Ca$hima coat, some carbon finishing kit. $2100, please!
I wouldn't get a PBJ because Transition made them weirdly long to match their geo philosophy, but DJs aren't supposed to have a long reach. The shortness makes them easier to jump. I would get steel if you're going to be riding street. It's stronger, and more importantly it takes a lot of the sting out of hucks to fat and the hard concrete landings. Modern alu DJs can be VERY stiff/harsh. The NSs are a good option.
He's too old, way too gropy (doesn't fly so well these days), and "qualifications" don't make a good president. Being a fucking idiot like Trump isn't helpful either, but it's not like there's a job that comes anywhere near the scope of being POTUS. Or you got it, or you ain't.
Yes the Giant is new, meaning lifetime warranty, and the SC is used, meaning no warranty.
Oh you have one of [these](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7bmyGI6qQwc&amp;feature=youtu.be&amp;t=19) too, eh?
&gt; I wonder if Race Face was able to get them shut down for IP theft? I really don't think they're RF IP. They're catalogue pedals. Chinese manufacturers make them and then other companies brand them. Most nylon pedals seem to be like this. Check out Nukeproof Evos and Deity Compounds. They're the same pedal.
Obviously gear doesn't make the rider, but the biggest one for me was a good, modern, full sus (not strictly necessary) bike vs. my original 15 year old not-good-to-begin-with hardtail. It was so much easier to learn stuff when I wasn't constantly fighting the bike.
Belt drives aren't a thing on high end MTBs, they're a thing on Pinion bikes, or I guess single speeds. Belt drives don't work with derailleurs, and MTBs don't use internal gearing beyond Pinions, so that's where you see them. As for why: no maintenance. With a gearbox and a belt drive your drivetrain should require zero maintenance. The system *could* use a chain, but belts are nicer.
&gt; Posted it on here but nobody liked it D: Honestly, you probably just posted it at an off-peak hour when no one was online. I'd ride that ***** all night.
I did note the dime-ness seemed good enough, but they're just so yuge. I'm used to lookin' at [this](https://www.commencalcanada.com/Files/120704/Img/02/17KCMETAAMBR_1_2000.jpg), which I think looks better. But I biased :&gt;.
&gt; and one of the primary drivers of Palestinian violence Not that the settlements aren't a big problem, but this argument falls a bit flat when you consider Palestinian violence existed long before the settlements.
The religious capital of Islam is Mecca. The Dome of the Rock isn't *that* important in Islam. Jews had also lived in the surrounding Arab countries for thousands of years until they were ethnically cleansed in the 40s.
How often do you break an actual shifter?
Right right. Have any experience going from GX shifter to X01? I've considered that for the reach adjustment.
Compound is cheap, light, and takes impacts well (doesn't deform). Alloy can be made thinner, and therefore given a better shape. Grip depends on the pedal design and pin configuration. I honestly think compound pedals are better in most instances. They're tougher, skip off rocks, and weigh less. But I have Vaults for bling :&gt;.
Oh wow, that's much worse than I was anticipating. Backed into someone, then tried to hit and run, hitting another and flipping in the process.
They *are* concentration camps. You're thinking of death camps. The Holocaust started with minorities being put into concentration camps and it escalated from there.
We say "Never again" for a reason. You refusing to call a spade a spade is what led to our shared tragedy to begin with. Don't bother responding. Think about how our families might have fared if regular people had actually given a shit in the 30s.
Jews died in death camps, which are a type of concentration camp. It took almost a decade before the concentration camps were turned into death camps. The concentration camp label fits.
Keeping the chain clean/lubed and the bike relatively clean is the most of it. There's also tire pressure/sealant level, checking your brake pads every now and then to see when you need replacements, and checking the chain for stretch every so often. A properly set-up bike shouldn't require a ton of maintenance. Oh and if your chain is off the chainring check the BB for smoothness, and same goes for the rear triangle if the shock is off.
Oh yeah I forgot to mention suspension servicing, which I'd do at an interval quite a bit greater than what the manufacturer says (every 50 hours? Are you kidding me Rockshox?). Yeah there isn't really a good way to check without popping the tire off. You can shake the wheel (if you have it off) and listen for sloshing, or you can put more sealant in every 3 months. My rims actually leak very small amounts of moisture around the valve, so I put more in once I notice that stops (takes a few months).
I'd say the more aggressively geo'd 130mm bikes. The Meta TR, Evil Calling, SB130, new 5010, Transition Scout, etc. You can also take those bikes and increase the fork travel by 10-20mm to get the HA even slacker (or use an angleset, in some cases. Pretty sure a Meta can take them). The "tight" back end comes from short chainstays, so look for that as well. Also, HA isn't everything. I think those bikes will work the way you want them to without adjusting the geo.
If you want the most performance then yes you should be changing your air pressure. I'd say 70% of your travel is far too little. Dialled suspension should be more like 95%, unless the bike is set up for jumping/hucking (a la a slopestyle bike). Suspension should be set up for the following: small bump compliance, mid stroke support, and bottom out resistance. Sag is kinda irrelevant, and is mostly just a guideline for your initial pre-tweaked suspension setup. It's always going to be a compromise depending on which of those 3 factors you need the most. You don't have to change it for every trail, but it does sound like you're running your suspension pretty hard right now. I'd take out some pressure, and add some token if you're worried about bottom-outs.
I was actually thinking about this question/answer before you even asked! I was considering adding "bump absorption" to the things you want in suspension, but it's so obvious it's kind of a given. The reason you run 170mm over 100mm is because you want it to absorb bigger bumps, or more bumps at a higher speed. If you're not regularly using the majority of your travel it points to two things: your suspension isn't properly set up (which I'm about to get to), or you're just plain overgunned (like a freeride bike on a flat trail). If you're only using 75% (not on a paved road, but a regular MTB ride), that will usually mean you have great midstroke support, an excess of bottom out resistance (you're not coming close to a bottom out), and a definite lack of small bump sensitivity, which is needed for comfort, braking, and grip. To a dirt jumper who doesn't need much grip but needs a ton of support and doesn't want to bottom out this isn't a problem. For a regular rider it's not ideal. Suspension is designed around the idea that you'll use almost all of the travel. A rule of thumb is you want the gnarliest feature on your regular trails to use 90%+ of your travel, while avoiding a harsh bottom out. Regular stuff will be going to around 80% travel, and really tame stuff will probably stay under 50%. And bear in mind 20-30% is already used from passive, loaded sag.
I'd say it's mislabeled. Commencal used to have a "trail hardtail" and an "all mountain (AM) hardtail". They've since axed the shorter travel one but kept the longer travel one, and kept their old labelling. The full sus Meta TR will do better in rough stuff. The Meta TR is biased towards descending, so it feels good, but obviously less good than a full sus enduro bike. It also comes stock with 30mm rise handlebars (quite a lot for a trail bike) and some wiggle room with headset spacers so you can get your weight further back on the steep stuff.
Yup that's the exact type of thing it's made for. Also good if you ride trails and go to bike parks on the same bike.
I mean it could be a bunch of things, but if your HSC is dialled up then yes I'd try riding with it open, and then halfway between your current setting and see what the results are. Helpful setup article: https://enduro-mtb.com/en/back-issue-tune-it-up-front-suspension/
Yeah I'd remove it. It's usually easy, you just need the right tool to remove the topcap.
Hmm. A lot to unpack here. &gt; Basically I'm looking for more small bump compliance. Small bump compliance = less air pressure, and less compression damping. If you're only using 80% of travel with only 1 token, I'd say it's your air pressure that's too high. &gt; Past that I'm looking for the bike to stay firm in the corners, The exact opposite :/. For support in corners you need low speed compression damping, and adequate air pressure. &gt; I like my bike to soak the terrain up. Again, that means you want small bump compliance as well as fully used travel = less air pressure. The last part is a bit iffy. Yes I would take out the token, but I wouldn't *increase* LSC after that. LSC isn't going to have much bearing on your final 20% of travel. I'd try running compression damping completely open and checking if you have enough support in corners. If you do you can probably lower air pressure a bit. NOTE: The RS Pike has had issues with small bump compliance for lighter riders (say 160 lbs). Apparently the shim stacks is fukt for anyone other than a honkin' 200lb clyde. To change this you need a custom tune, or something like the Vorsprung Luftkappe, or both. My front and rear setups are very different because I found the Pike setup so damn difficult. Rear Deluxe has maxed tokens and 31%-ish sag. Pike has closer to 18% sag, no tokens, and open damping, and I use around 90% of travel on most rides (but I still do bottom out on occasion when I land poorly). With the Pike I had to favour support over small bumps, because if I get it real smooth the fork dives all over the place. Also note: tire pressure makes a big difference for grip. 25psi vs. 20psi should be immediately noticeable. On normal tires I would keep PSI as low as possible without getting rim strikes from your tire bottoming out or excessive squirm, and without going under 20psi. The rolling resistance increase from lower PSI is actually pretty minimal above 20psi. A study found a 3.1% reduction in rolling speed going from 40psi to 20psi, which is nothing unless you're XC racing. https://www.singletracks.com/blog/mtb-training/how-does-mtb-tire-pressure-affect-power-and-speed-searching-for-the-perfect-tire-pressure/
&gt; So basically I'm just looking for a happy medium then. Yups, which is also the case for most things MTB.
Find the trailhead on trailforks, and then just ride while trying not to get lost. I've only gotten lost once :&gt;.
Hmm okay. I'd still definitely start with the tires. After that perhaps some cockpit stuff, but only if you have actual problems with your current set up. You're not going to feel much of an "upgrade" if the part is already doing its job. I'd only convert to a 1x drivetrain (if desired) *after* the current one wears out. Same goes for wheels, and I wouldn't go crazy with a wheelset. The fork isn't worth upgrading, because a sizeable upgrade is going to cost a huge amount.
I mean it's not that hard not to get towed. Just avoid parking in front of all those NO PARKING signs and driveways.
What's highside/lowside?
Ah. In mountain biking we call them a washout (slide) or an OTB (over the bars).
Bon appetit!
Not sure about "magical" but one evening at dusk when I went to cross some train tracks there were a bunch of police and a dead dude wrapped in a sheet. I think they were sorta trying to conceal him behind a fence but I came from the wrong side. The cop was not pleased at my attempted track crossing (technically trespassing, but it's a frequently used crossing), so then I had to double back and take the long route through some harder, forested trails after the sun set with no lights. But then I made my way to the local dirt jump spot (trail hangout), met an MTBer with a big doggo, lit a fire and hung out around the fire pit, which helped me forget the corpse.
* TBS Bike Parts - not the biggest selection but sometimes some pretty big discounts. * Fortnine - for motorcycle gear, but you can get jerseys, gloves, and goggles at good prices, and in many cases they're the exact same as MTB gear. Some brands include Fox, Leatt, Alpinestars, Fly Racing, and 100%. * The international sites (Jenson, CRC, wiggle, ribble, and them German ones).
The actual best security system is a large dog.
Nah, the worst thing was Bowlerama West closing in January. Wednesday discount night was $1 per game per player after 10PM. It was always packed!
A bunch of us still bowl though :/. Bowlerama West was shuttered because the building was sold to build condos, not because no one went. And sure the business wasn't exactly thriving but they seemed to be hanging on.
Perhaps you only watch this guy's videos...
I still have manual windows too (on a 2010, no less). Once a cop (on foot) caught me texting at a red light and told me to roll down my passenger window. I think he took pity on me when I had to reach way over and really giv'er to crank it down (it's a little stiff). No ticket or even formal warning from what I could tell. And to his credit I don't text at red lights anymore either (not that I did very often).
For winter riding (below freezing) I use a bunch of XC ski stuff, including gloves. Basically I just went into MEC (similar to REI) and found the bulkiest XC ski glove that still allowed me to use the controls well.
I live in Toronto. No fucking clue how you'd spend $100,000 USD on a day trip. Like it'd take genuine effort.
&gt; In the UK a dashed white means you can cross it to overtake when safe to do so (no oncoming traffic). Solid white line means you cannot cross it to overtake at all. I think the North American version makes more sense. Yellow divides traffic going in different directions, so the line in NA would be dashed yellow (dashes meaning you can pass if safe, solid meaning you cannot). White lines divide lanes going in the same direction, so dashed white is a regular lane, and a solid white line means you can't change lanes.
*^^brain ^^implodes, ^^outwardly*
Yeah in most cases I think NA road design is pretty bad, like with roundabouts, intersections, etc. Here in Toronto we have cyclists and pedestrians getting killed all the time because intersection design is so poor.
I wouldn't trust marketing as gospel from a company that's trying to sell you $2500 wheels. EWS riders are still favouring alloy rims over carbon, so clearly it's not as indestructible as SC makes it out to be.
&gt; North American road design is fairly awful I said that in another comment. Doesn't mean the yellow and white don't make more sense. Also, i r Can'eh'dian.
&gt; Which leaves yellow lines solely to construction zones. We have this in Canada too, but they're orange, Similarly, road work signs are always orange.
Because they'd deform too much. They need DH tires for the sidewall support.
I'd guess pretty poorly because fat commuter tires tend to be made of very hard rubber.
Actually he said 1000k, so for one million dollars it should be doable. Maybe a graphine e-fatbike?
Yes it's malfunctioning. Perhaps it needs a burp? Beyond that I'd contact Suntour.
The chain is fine. Just clean it with a solvent like WD40 or possibly your lube (not all chain lubes have solvent).
Cut it.
For treason, nothing. For tax evasion, money laundering, embezzling, etc., his assets could be seized, similarly to Paul Manafort's $46 million that Mueller already took. The state of New York is currently investigating [this bombshell](https://www.nytimes.com/interactive/2018/10/02/us/politics/donald-trump-tax-schemes-fred-trump.html) that details Trump's tax evasion on half a billion dollars. Soooo if NY confirms this story Trump's going to be fukt.
I'm not sure it'd be a good idea since you'd be paying to lower the utility of your bike. Perhaps a DH-style chain tensioner would be a better idea? One of [these things.](https://www.laxzo.com/ekmps/shops/jsphshi/images/acor-chain-guide-tensioner-mtb-bike-dh-downhill-double-chainring-22-32t-iscg-19335-p.jpg) EDIT: Think my link is broken, but just look up "DH chain guide". Not sure if your bike has ISCG mounts, but you can get an adapter.
Wiki tip: If you click the section in "Contents" you can then link directly to the section.
The tires should hold air for quite a long time. My ghetto tubeless wheel held air for months and months. It does slowly lower though. I check pressures before every ride, but I do that with tubes too.
A li'l tip for tubeless: If the tire goes on too easily it will probably be hard to seal. In that case you should put another strip of rim tape on. My tires are a real bitch to get on and off (and it's definitely too far in the other direction), but I can seal the tires dry with a floor pump and they'll actually hold air, which is pretty nutty. Oh and always test seating the bead with just air or air+soapy water before you go to sealant. That will help avoid a huge mess. A valve core remover+a way to get sealant through the valve will also make the job a lot easier.
What I gathered about cricket: * The pitcher's role is to murder the defender with a super-sneeze-hadouken. * The defender's role is to deflect the 150km/h bocce ball like a Jedi with a high-performance bumpaddle. * The defender is outfitted in impenetrable quilted armour to protect his vitals (shins, and right forearm), as well as a helmet for his money maker. * The catcher's role is to prevent the hadouken from hitting the master bocce behind him. * Everyone else stands around waiting for an errant hadouken.
It's his face and charming smile, you pervert!
[Who wore it better?](https://static.timesofisrael.com/www/uploads/2017/01/Trump-moth-mash.jpg)
Silv'er?! I hardly know her!
o dear. :c As I said, best to try a dry/soapy water seal before cracking out the sealant and getting gritty splooge all over the place.
So... I was right?
While racing was the original intent of Bicycle Moto Cross, I'd argue that freestyle BMX is what most people think of when you say "BMX".
Cricket players call it Dragonball Zed.
I do actually know this tip, but once the rage sets in it flies out the window as I attempt to King Kong the tire while sobbing maniacally. Next time I'll do better, to honour your just-the-tip.
Going to second this. Good tires are the best value upgrade you can make to a bike. Same with a car. Here in Canadia Bonty and Specialized tires are the same price (or more?) as Maxxis or Schwalbe, so I just go with Maxxis. If you look around there should be plenty of places that have tires on sale (sometimes approaching 50% off). Also the Ardent has... mixed reviews. I wouldn't use it as a front tire. However, the Forekaster is an awesome tire (newish tire from Maxxis) that overlaps the Ardent's category.
I don't think he's a psychopath either. He's spent his entire life terrified of literal Marxists, and now he finally has an audience for his paranoid ramblings. He's also depressive and bipolar. This is just what happens when you give a crazy person a cult following.
The OPP doesn't use Camaros as far as I know. They use Chargers and some old Crown Vics. Apparently they also have a couple Mustangs. It looks like some PDs throughout Ontario have a couple Camaros too, but I don't think it's the norm.
Have you considered selling drugs or trafficking women?
Are birds free from the chains of the skyway?
It'll be totally fine. If it's very damp consider using a thick wet lube. I'd be more worried about someone stealing my bike in the night.
Mental health definitely needs to be addressed too, but it's been proven that the ease of successfully committing suicide also increases the amount of suicides. That's why the Golden Gate has security guards and a curfew at night. People *can* be helped. Guns make it harder for that to happen.
Nopes.
Gonna disagree. Jon is very smart. I don't think it's fair to say "everyone else is just dumb tho." Jon would absorb hours and hours of news media, work with his writers to make a script, read his guests' books, and deliver the content eloquently all in one day, four days a week. He was also quick on his feet, and a strong interviewer. I find it hard to see how he could be "smarter". He's not an astrophysicist, but that's not what his job was. He was a master of his craft, and no one has come close to replacing him since he's left.
What if in 2012 I told you Republican President Donald Trump would get outed by Buzzfeed as a Russian agent being blackmailed by Putin with videotapes of him and two urinating prostitutes? The key to his undoing: Adult actress Stormy Daniels, and two Republican former directors of the FBI.
Same ratio as unicorns to leprechauns.
Now I'm not 100% sure on this, but I don't think any legit MTB companies build bikes in mainland China. That's more for department store bikes.
&gt; Intense carbon : NOT LEGIT There ya have it :P. I wonder if they're still made there.
I honestly don't have one. I've just heard it over and over again, and I know a guy in the industry. As far as I know, these brands build MTBs in Taiwan: Specialized, Trek, Commencal, Giant (who also apparently manufacture bikes for a bunch of other companies), Vitus, Canyon, YT, Norco, Cube. EDIT: Now that I've done a bit more research it looks like Santa Cruz, Intense, and maybe Yeti maybe all come from China? I don't know! The companies make this info very hard to find. Check your bikes!
A few things: Hardtails aren't really going to improve your riding. If anything it'll be more punishing if you make a mistake, thus making it harder to learn (because you'll be scared of getting hurt). The whole "it teaches you to choose better lines" is a fallacy. Line choice is entirely dependant on the type of bike you're on. Rigid bikes will choose even smoother (and probably slower) lines. DH bikes are best at finding the very fastest downhill lines. FS bikes tend to be better technical climbers too (provided they don't wallow). The suspension helps prevent getting hung up on roots 'n' such. FS bikes do have more maintenance, but also ask yourself how often you're servicing pivots and your shock. For me it's not very often. For UK boyos it's probably a lot more often. That's not to say hardtails can't be equal amounts of fun. They're better at jumping, pumping, and hopping, and have the most efficient pedalling. They're also cheaper, simpler, usually lighter, and require very little maintenance. However, their grip, braking, comfort, and wheel-sparing abilities are worse.
So there's the rub: Western MTB companies with Taiwanese manufacturers building bikes in China. $7999 please!
How do you shave your head in 30 seconds? What do you use? Also, I'd grow out that beard.
I've been in a low speed collision (teaching a friend who mixed up the pedals while parking) without a seat belt on and my head hit the windshield. It hurt. At a higher speed it would've been real bad. I got her to park by a loading dock. She parked, I took off my seatbelt, but then she wanted to correct slightly and drove us into the dock. Luckily it had big rubber bumpers and only scratched up my front bumper a little bit. Still, hurt my head. Always wear a seatbelt!
The shared parts will be wheels and tires and maybe your fork. Doesn't really seem like it's necessary. There are still great 27.5 hardtails, like the Nukeproof Scout, but maybe you want a change of pace. A 27.5 hardcoreish hardtail will feel more like a dirt jumper. Better at jumping and turning. A 29er hardtail will be better at climbing and rolling over lots o' bumps.
The thimble helps him stitch himself up after he's done shaving with a potato peeler. For aero.
317 grams for $1000+. Seems legit!
Hmm you're right. Studies show it does increase it, but I'm not finding any concrete numbers. Anyway I'd just go for it. If you don't feel a noticeable difference after trying it for a bit stop using it (literally pissin' money away). Creatine's also good for the high intensity stuff, and good ol' caffeine can help you get out of the house.
&gt; I run a 170 Lyrik on my 29er and I don’t have any flex issues, Those huck-to-flat slowmos from the ongoing Pinkbike Field Tests show that there's a pretty substantial amount of flex in long travel, single crown forks. [Check it out.](https://youtu.be/y2w24QUTQ88?t=124) But the thing is, it's not "an issue". And if the fork weren't flexing all that stress would be going into the headtube and frame. I'm wondering if the problem with a DH fork on a trail bike is that it'd be *too* stiff, and would be putting too much stress on a frame that's not overbuilt like a DH frame is.
Lighter (probably), stronger sidewall, less grip, less comfort.
IXS advertises the Xult as a ventilated fullface but it's nowhere near as ventilated as the Fox Proframe or the new TLD FF. I use a Proframe and it's great. I know a guy who uses a removable chin guard (and he actually uses it). I prefer the Proframe because I don't ride with a pack and have nowhere to put a chinguard, and the convertible FFs sketch me out, except for the Super DH.
Never heard o' this company. It'd be nice to see a full shot o' the bike. Also you need new pedals ;&gt;.
Aw yiss. Always like Batman colours. All you need to do now is slap a Batman logo over that silly Santa Cruz headbage, amirite?
It's animal cruelty to ride a dog. I've called the police.
Definitely seems like he got a concussion too. He was basically knocked out when he landed.
The DHF has less mud clearing and stopping power than the DHRII. If you want to go full-blown mud-spike use a Shorty.
Wow I completely forgot about that very weird scene.
I'm guessing that whenever I saw HP3 on TV after it was out of theatres they probably cut the scene out completely, which is why I wouldn't remember it (only saw it in theatres once as a kid). But yeah, it's weeiirrd filler.
So that's where all the LTD models went!
Thought I recognized her. Well this is crappy.
It's not a linkage fork, it's an undamped leaf spring fork. The Trust Message would be an example of a linkage driven suspension fork.
What's with the goofy stem tho?
Looks *damn* fine. We need a review! There's so little out there on this bike.
Preachin' to the choir. I've been so bored all day D: ! Also I ate way too much Chinese take-out.
Ooo looks sweet. I'd love to add one to the stable to match my Meta TR :&gt;. Pic is great too except for the effed up bokeh. Is it a filter or something?
Cats can fall from any height and live. Cats have a natural righting reflex ("a cat always lands on its feet"), and a potentially non-lethal terminal velocity because they spread out their limbs and catch air like a flying squirrel. It was found that cats are less likely to get seriously injured/die from falls *above* 7 stories, presumably because the cat has enough time to fully right themselves and pull a Gwaihir.
Yups. They *can* live through moderate-height falls too, it just seems like they do better if they have time to adjust themselves mid-fall.
Not necessarily. If they fall right-side-up they don't have to right themselves first, which gives them more time to parachute.
But I didn't say *all* cats will survive *all* falls, just that they can. Nor did I give numbers! The point is that cats can fall from crazy heights like from the 15th floor and live. THAT'S NEAT, YO.
Yeah it was fockin' packed. I thought 4 showings of Interstellar would make it less full, but it seemed like a full house (besides the really crappy front seats). But man the sound had me absolutely pinned. Felt the ship's take off *deep* in my chest. Definitely think it was better than Tiff's screenings (TBL has screened Interstellar in 70mm for the last... 3 years?).
I've had the opposite experience and haven't chipped the paint on my 1.5 year old Meta at all. Is it possible they fixed the problem?
And what's your policy on me singing while riding? What about a hearty hwhistle?
*"ONCE I WAS AFRAID, I WAS PETRIFIED..."*
I wouldn't get the Rune. It's a long travel hucker, and will probably be a pig in Philly. In addition to the Jeffsy look at the Giant Trance, the Commencal Meta TR 27 or 29, The Canyon Spectral, and Diamondback (forget what their FS trail bike is called).
Size=geo, which is definitely important. I'd go with small, since M's start at 5'6"? The standover on a medium might feel too high up.
Two things that may or may not be helpful: Sunglasses are only needed if you're riding in exposed and bright areas (see: desert) typically found in the southern states (Not just "The South", but southerly). If you're riding through trees I wouldn't use sunglasses and would stick to a helmet peak. You can also get goggles designed to go over glasses, so if you only need sunglasses for park riding (also often exposed), you can just get tinted goggles.
I never even considered eye colour being a thing (mine are brown). But yeah if it's a sunny state but mostly covered trails get some lighter shades.
I wonder if it has anything to do with the ballooning number of Uber and Lyft drivers in the last couple years.
There's a family of them.
Yes but they could become them at any moment. They want to kill 'em *before* that happens.
Oooo you should definitely make a NBD post when it's finished.
Once I was dirt jumping, went off a pretty easy 8 foot-ish table, somehow managed to slip both pedals in the air (I never do this normally!), and proceeded to land butthole first on the tip of my saddle. Thank goodness I decided to spring for a mid-fat BMX seat with chunky padding. Anyway, the result was a good deal of pain mixed with a very odd heat sensation starting at my anus and emanating all the way up into my stomach. After checking that my asshole wasn't bleeding all over the place (that's kinda what the "heat" felt like) I realized that I suddenly had to take an urgent shit, and went and had a trauma-induced diarrhoea in the nearby port-a-potty. The area around my bungus was bruised for around a week. I now wear a chammy while dirt jumping :&gt;. It also prevents the horror story I've heard more than once of someone's balls getting sucked into the gap between a DJ's saddle and rear tire.
Heed these words of warning, for some pains can never be forgotten.
The LCBO near me actually has a cop acting as a security guard sometimes. Seems a bit over the top but I guess it's necessary since this particular branch has some sketchy clientele.
I honestly have no idea. Again, seems kinda over the top...
It's a harmonica, yo.
As someone else pointed out the IRS already said he can feel free to release them regardless. He's already being investigated by NY for truly massive tax evasion. If the NYT expose is true he could end up owing hundreds of millions of dollars.
This guy mainlines Jordan Peterson.
You may have diabetes.
How did you twist your knee sliding on grass? Clips?
Read the expose! Some of it involves Fred's estate but a ton of it is money Fred gifted to Donald since he was a child (without paying taxes).
Put some heavy shit in the bed or back of the cab.
It's just what I read in the articles on the subject. I don't know why the civil penalties can only be 75%+interest rather than 100%.
You're not going to find a Magura specced bike at $1k. I can't even think of a company that runs Maguras stock. Also why Magura? Plenty of good brakes from all companies. As for a $1k hardtail with a dropper, the best I can think of is a Giant Fathom 2.
Hey you're right. We don't get Radons over here in Canadia. Looks like they offer a 1300 euro hardtail with Maguras, but that's as good as it gets.
The lever adjust definitely moves them closer to the bars.
Road biking is actually more dangerous according to a Vancouver study, IIRC. In terms of catastrophic injury you're much more likely to get fucked on a road bike. Yeah, you break your wrist and your collarbone while mountain biking, but if you get hit by a car it can easily end your life as you know it, or entirely. While it wasn't part of the study I'd guess gravel is undoubtedly the safest, but it'd be hard to resist the call of the mountain when you're already off road.
The bike would be good for number two, not great for number one. If a bike is around the $1500 range and up you're going to attract more adept thieves, not just crackheads. However, if you're not locking the bike in the same place all the time, have security skewers on the wheels (and preferably other parts), and use a hefty U-lock the bike should be moderately safe for a few hours.
I can't find it :/. I found this https://mpora.com/road-cycling/survey-shows-road-cyclists-suffer-head-injuries-mountain-bikers , but it's not the same one.
I always figure it's a good thing if my bike sustains an injury for me, like a noble bodyguard. Plus, new bike shit!
lodging &gt; food &gt; bike shit &gt; everything else
I'd get the Canyon before the Trek myself. Some smort choices on that bike.
Tokyo's transit infrastructure makes Toronto's look like hot garbage mixed with diarrhea vomit.
Now it'll be a 2/3 life crisis once you start jumping ;).
Just lost my appetite.
Oh so *that's* why you're pumping like a maniac. Chainless = no more pedal kickback!
Canadian citizens aren't guaranteed healthcare, *residents* are. In order to be eligible you have to live in Canada for a chunk of the year (6 months?). You can't just live in the US, reaping the fruit of their unfettered Dickensian capitalism and then come back to Canada to reap social benefits once you need them.
&gt; Yeah the complaints about the chainstays seem to have been addressed. I think the new Stance is great, but it still has Flex Stays. Is there a more specific issue than that? Maybe it shouldn't, but a flexy stay in lieu of a pivot still sketches me out on an aluminium frame.
Go home, dad. You're drunk.
Welcome to mountain biking! Hubs are an expensive part. You could always buy a pair of Hope Pro 4s and see how much that runs you. As others have mentioned: very precise tolerances, R&amp;D, and very limited runs/tiny market compared to say MX, for example.
Cost effective upgrades: tubeless, nice tires, nice pedals, a dropper post. Only upgrade your brakes if you literally can't stop the bike. Only upgrade the fork if it actually doesn't work. It's better to save the $1000+ you'd spend on a new fork and brakes and put it towards a new bike altogether, when the time comes.
We need more towers around stations like Bessarion and Ellesmere, not the oversaturated downtown.
Yes. If you live in a tent for 6 months a year that'll sure show me! Maybe you'll start a movement! As you squat down, feeling yet another palpitation as you bite into your freshly caught snail while shitting in a shallow hole, a smile will cross your face. "I've won," you'll think. "I've won."
**A** T O M A **T** O M A T **O** M A T O **M** Obviously.
Nice reference, grandpa ;).
Hah not really. Well... 30 years, but that's just when it began.
Hah I was two!
Amenities can be built into the ground floor of condos. But ya got me, I don't frequently take the subway to Ellesmere station or Bessarion. Most people don't.
It's just ... you never know.
Looks like Alafia to me. Cool trails there. I also saw a gator there peeking at me from the swamp as I rode by :&gt;. Oh and an armadillo. But my favourite trail in all o' Florida is in Croom built by a crazy guy called Mike. Drunken Monkey+his insane dirt jumping bowl=amazing.
Wait, that's all they get paid?! And that's actually higher than usual! If that's all they're getting I can't see how it's financially viable whatsoever. Gas, car maintenance, and insurance would cut that down ever more.
I like how you both know enough about our sewer system to argue about it :&gt;.
I've gone through an Urge, Poc, and Fox. The Urge was fine but basic. The POC (skate-style) was honestly the lowest quality with the pads disintegrating pretty quickly. The Fox (Proframe) was the highest quality in terms of everything. Pads, fit, ventilation, and seemingly safety.
Make an account for it.
But this article seems to be about the benches mounted to the backs of elephants, rather than bareback riding, no? The benches are heavy, secured with tight ropes, and often carry two (+?) people.
Thank fuck I don't live in your world where the choices are Drake and country music.
It bugs me that people tend to pretend that carbon is just as strong as aluminium when they are certainly weaker vs. impacts.
The old SC vid is testing stresses, not impacts. Carbon frames do tend to be stronger vs. stresses (at least in the way they're normally stressed). The impact "test" at the end is phoney bologna, plus the frame is compromised by the first thwack.
Wow dude you must be into Drake in a *really* big way. ... Or possibly country music.
Going to have to pretty much agree, except the correct answer is Morrowind ;).
It'd probably be a pain, but have you considered different countries? Canadian prices are often different after the exchange rate. I'd imagine it's same for EUR.
From the countless videos I've watched it seems like wild haymakers actually seem pretty effective in the majority of untrained fights.
IBLOCKA! home game next time!~ ma boy Drake and Gasol comin in 4tw
A bike like that will be great to start with until you start breaking parts, at which point you know you're ready for a step up.
Pedal=steel axle, crank=aluminium or carbon. Cranks fail before pedals. I've stripped a cheap crankarm and had the pedal fall out mid-ride on me before. That was annoying... But yeah abuse the fuck outta 'em.
Oval rings are to smooth the torque going to the wheel by attempting to balance a human's naturally uneven pedal motion with more/less teeth an certain points of the stroke. The issue with spikes in torque going to the wheel is that it can cause the back wheel to break free while you're climbing. The oval attempts to fix this.
Only have experience with the Proframe, but it's a very high quality helmet. I find the chinbar on the Proframe a non-issue when it comes to ventilation. The mouth doesn't get all warm and gross like a normal fullface. However, the non-chin part of the helmet is hotter than a half shell, but it also covers much more (ears, all the way to the base of head, etc.). I sometimes wear a skater-style half shell and it runs hotter than the Proframe. The fit is great with the different sized pads, and I already smashed my head into the ground when I washed out going very fast on a dual slalom track. Scrapes on most limbs and back, torn shirt, stitches/large contusion on the elbow, and dents/scrapes on the Proframe but no head trauma. Now I have to buy another!
Yes it was true for me but I'm right on the edge of a size so I don't remember which I got... As the other guy said though, some helmets just won't fit certain people. But 58cm+ isn't a particularly small dome.
$7 for the day if you're smort.
First, 50 hours of riding is a lot more than it seems like because of breaks 'n' such, but also I don't know of anyone who actually follows those intervals other than obsessive wieners like the MTB podcast guys :P. It's not particularly hard if you have the tools and workspace properly laid out before you begin. Then it's just methodical following of instructions. The only reason I've had a shock service is because I actually damaged one of the gaskets while changing tokens. Just had the shop do it and they accidentally gave me a 200h service :&gt;. Noticed absolutely no difference in performance. It was around a year old.
That was the reason they chose a dino and not a husky or somethin'. They named their team during peak Jurassic Park popularity and now the children who grew up watching that movie are all growned up and love the Raps.
Spoken like a *fair weather fan*! ^^yellsfrombandwangon
unleash the dinos! [SCREEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE!](https://www.dinosaur-toys-collectors-guide.com/images/Raptors-PapoHangout.jpg)
I'm pretty sure I'm just not showing up tomorrow. STORE'S CLOSED BITCHEZ.
Let them watch if they want. The whole city is going to be sleep deprived and mysteriously ill on the same day. Staying up past bedtime will make it more special.
DC has pretty amazing transit too.
He grew up in the suburbs, and now he has a house on the Bridal Path, which is the (?) richest suburb in Toronto proper. It's not particularly gansta though. His estate likely neighbours a bunch of old-money old ladies.
It's the most cost effective upgrade you can make. Had 0 flats in 2 years and I've ridden trails from coast to coast in the states. The flat protection isn't even what I do it for, but rather the lower pressures.
Hope Pro 4 hub built into a Spank rim if you want something very fuckin' tough, loud, with good engagement, and serviceable.
I mean everyone clipless rider says this, and unclipping does become reflexive and second nature, but at the same time there are moments when one tenth of a second counts, plus crashes that happen spontaneously at which point you're flying through the air with a bike attached to you, or situations that make unclipping an impossibility based on position or terrain. I know that I've had some near-crashes that would have been very bad if I were clipped in.
Spank makes DH and enduro rims. Honestly I think you'll be okay with enduro, but it's up to you. Good, affordable hubs usually boils down to DT Swiss vs Hope, and Hope is loud, plus better engagement. For rims you have more options, but Spank tends to cater specifically to the bombproof market, without making them super heavy.
The hub spacing will likely be wrong.
Oh I'm also *actually* getting sick as of last night and can feel it coming on stronger today. I'm just trying to make it to tonight and then dull it with drinking. If we lose though I'm gonna be real bumzoed. I think a girl gave it to me after our last game... I have a lot riding on this win!
There's a Commencal owner's group on FB with plenty of people on the Clash. They all have pretty basic stuff to say about it though. E.g. they love it, it climbs/pedals surprisingly well, and downhill = beastmode. Pretty much the same as what you hear for any enduro/freeride bike.
[Pinkbike wrote a good article for this](https://www.pinkbike.com/news/ride-your-fking-bike-the-movie-watch-now.html). EDIT: That's gold, Jerry! Gold!
I'd either get a frame that already has a nice paint job, or get wacky with the components, rather than paint a frame, which is very hard to make look good.
It's rider preference. Generally it's considered better to always cover the brakes with your index, but I only do that when I anticipate braking. I don't cover the brakes during uphills, straightaways, flats, etc., but that's just me. I might get that from dirt jumping where generally brakes are an afterthought.
Get a dirt jumper and hit up the pump track/jumps. You're always standing on a DJ so you build a lot of endurance for the attack position, as well as sprinting out of the saddle.
A chip in the paint on an aluminium frame? No that makes no difference whatsoever. If you don't like the look of it the cheapest way to fix it is colour matched nail polish, or a Sharpie if the bike is black. You can also put a sticker over it, or protect the toptube somehow to prevent more chips.
No one has mentioned the Don Valley... The Don Valley! Blue Mountain if you want a park day. Anyway, myself and others are always ridin' around there. The dirt jumps are a good place to meet other riders. Tends to be a bit of a hang-out spot.
Eh, I'm in the other camp and would say it doesn't matter a great deal if you try it beforehand. All those bikes are pretty damn similar, and most Toronto LBSs are pretty useless. Plus you can change the feeling/fit of a bike pretty dramatically with handlebars, headset spacers, and a stem. Re: one of your other commends, a single speed is a great city bike in TO provided you don't frequently have to go to the hilly areas. I just got a free one from my apartment's backyard (abandoned) that's pretty similar to what you're looking at and it feels very good. I replaced the bullhorns with risers, put on higher-end brake levers, and put an easier gear on it and I now love it. All that's left is some premium rubber. When you get the bike I would consider swapping to an easier gear. I've found that most SS bikes come stock with way too high a gear so you're super slow to accelerate, suck on slight gradients, and never even hit your top speed.
Of the three players that were reported to have scolded the crowd, Ibaka and Siakam aren't American.
Soccer is meant to be a "civilized" sport and many rules do reflect that, e.g. handshakes, "tidy appearance", no bleeding, no spitting at players, no excessive showboating, etc. Still, assholes will always find a way to be assholes.
Yeah considering Toronto is quite flat a SS is a great way to get a very lightweight bike for chump change compared to a road bike. As I said I just got mine and I'm loving it (a lot more than I thought I would). I mountain bike a lot so I'm not super into thin road slicks and whatnot, but I figured out it's just road *bars* that I don't like, e.g. bullhorns, drops, or very narrow risers. I'm just super used to 750mm+ handlebars and can't handle the switch to 400mm. Now that I've got some wideish risers on the bike it feels amazing. For upgrades down the line I'd consider some decent pedals (I don't know what yours is specced with, but I got Thermalite SPs), premium tires, and better brake levers.
Eh material's a bit of a toss up. It depends on the butting or layup of the material. I'd look at other areas to reduce vibrations, e.g. grips, tire size/pressure, low speed compression, a full sus, etc.
'S'all the same shit. Hasn't changed much since 2012. There are some weird ones like the PBJ, but that doesn't make it better.
&gt; The first one that does is my soulmate. Dude, I said no.
&gt; One thing I felt on both the bikes was that the seat was not very comfortable; however folks at Sweet Pete told me that's because I'm not used to biking and it'll get better with time. Yes and no. Yes, your butt isn't used to any seat, but there's no telling if the one that's specced is right for you. Saddles are very personal though, so it's expected that you might need to change it. &gt; Sweet Pete is offering me one year of free tune-ups. Can I bargain with them on that? You could try, but one year of free tuneups is pretty standard. I'd sooner ask for a discount on the bike than the tune-ups, but maybe they'll go for it. Or ask about a discount on accessories if you buy the bike. &gt; Must have accessories that I should buy along with the bike (I'm considering purchasing U-lock and helmet for sure. anything else ?) Yes, u-lock and helmet. Also lights for the front and back, but know that you should take them off your bike when locked up or people will steal them. &gt; Also, is Sweet Pete reliable or shall I get it from Trek's showroom on queens ? Yes, Sweet Pete's is one of the best shops in the city. It's the best in my opinion. They have a killer return policy and customer support, as does Trek/Bontrager (that SP's also carries). &gt; Any other brand I shall be considering. I zeroed in on Trek and Giant by looking at previous posts on this forum. No need.
If it doesn't make you scream "It's aliiiiiiive!" or "Kill it with fire!" it's not a Frankenbike.
That's the crazy thing. Durant was playing it very fucking cool for something that's supposed to be excruciatingly painful.
I think it's pretty shameful they got him to play if they knew it was an Achilles issue. It might've ruined his whole career and chances are the Raps are still going to win.
&gt; Which means they had his legs doped up with those anesthetic sprays worse than a junkie. I hadn't thought of that. This seems more and more like malpractice.
Really? Like they'd take you behind the shed and shoot you?
Where do you ride, and what do you want from your rear tire? Aggressor is very common in the back, and I'd sooner have another DHF than a HRII in the back. DHRII if you want a ton of stopping power and grip. I run a Forekaster rear because my trails are fairly XC and Forekaster hooks up really well on technical climbs.
It's worse than no headphones but not the biggest deal. Don't use them on the street though. The biggest issue you'll likely encounter is not hearing MTBers behind you.
I'd get the Trek if you noticed a difference in ride quality. Did you actually notice that Giant had better components? Did the braking feel better? Did the shifting? I'd guess not, so if you actually felt a difference between the ride quality go with the Trek, but make sure it's not something like the Giant having over-inflated, rock-hard tires while the Trek has a more reasonable tire pressure. I'd take 'em out for a spin again and ask the SP staff to make sure the tire PSI is comparable.
Adding to my response, I've thought about it and I'd ask for an accessory discount with the bike. The (some?) employees can give 25% off, but something like 15% off is probably more likely. Pretty sure it's up to their discretion.
I'd probably go with an Aggressor then. That seems to be the go-to combo in the Southwest.
othanx
It looks like a prolapsed asshole.
Gasol, Ibaka, and Siakam are from outside North America altogether.
LINSANITY PLUS MCCAW FOR THE THREEPEAT! McCaw can now safely retire. Three rings in his first three years.
&gt; I'm from Scarborough! cp1976 confirmed drug runner.
Toronto actually (apparently) has 70km+ of trails in the city itself in the Don Valley. I ride to the trails in around 20-25 minutes from the heart of downtown. That would be by far the easiest if you're staying in TO.
We should build a wall and make the shithole country pay for it!
No, we have the details, you're ignoring them. There's an eyewitness+photo/video evidence that he clearly had his credentials.
Shithole country robbed Masai of what should have been the greatest night of his life. His credentials are clearly in his hand and he's the fucking president of the winning team. Should be counter-suing for assault perpetrated by a proven corrupt/white-supremacist police department.
I've been using [this as my wallpaper](https://www.google.com/search?sa=G&amp;hl=en-CA&amp;q=bioshock+big+daddy+quotes&amp;tbm=isch&amp;tbs=simg:CAQSkgEJ5gH0DWZxJBUahgELEKjU2AQaAAwLELCMpwgaYQpfCAMSJ4YHpQbNAv8BSMwC8wPLApMD_1gGIJKYhiieFIIA00CzRLMQt1CaHJBow64VslCITqXZ_1WyVMpnOWQzTlN5AhbIXVAlu4OnCcxrZqKeV4na3iZ0bIvp1Y5h2gIAQMCxCOrv4IGgoKCAgBEgQeC-ACDA,isz:l&amp;ved=0ahUKEwipit3do-7iAhXGg-AKHYmEC_UQ2A4ILygE&amp;biw=1634&amp;bih=910#imgrc=ub_BrUDsSeJwHM:) since I played the game when it came out :&gt; . edit: [this one](http://wallpaperswide.com/big_daddy__little_sister-wallpapers.html) isn't cut off towards the bottom although there is a watermark (would be covered by taskbar).
Yeah that fact gets all the ladies wet. Had it over multiple computers too.
Presumably warranties will go through Commencal still, right? So as long as the bike actually arrives intact I don't see it being a problem.
Have you checked all Commie vendors, like CRC?
Hah cool. It fits remarkably well.
People are suggesting convertible helmets. I would also suggest the Fox Proframe or that similar TLD helmet. You can't remove the chinbar but it's much, much nicer than a regular FF. And I'd wager it's safer than a convertible FF too.
On the flipside, riders have had their dick-and-balls impaled on carbon shards from broken saddles and seattubes. Food for thought.
Jesus fuck I just made the mistake of visiting r/metacanada. Seems to be a special [in]breed of stupidity. They're calling John Tory a leftist.
Behst focken yewtuburr arownd. Seriously bud, amazing content. You've spoiled all other MTB content for me.
So apparently if I have a child with a person of colour I just genocided myself. Aw no!
&gt; Passengers had to be in the brace position and the flight attendants did the little chant (“BRACE BRACE BRACE HEADS DOWN STAY DOWN”). Okay, since you're a flight attendant here's a question for you re: this other comment. Is the brace position a real thing? Like *really*? It seems to me that it's the perfect position to snap your neck like a twig, or smash the softest part of your skull into the seat in front of you. Also, large planes cost hundreds of millions of dollars, no? Why don't they have harnesses instead of shitty little lap belts?
Hah I've heard the same thing. That's why I axe.
The whole city has been ebullient for days. It's nice. Thanks for being classy and fuckin' lethal opponents. Sorry about KD and Thompson. That was some very shitty luck and I feel bad for the both of them. I for sure thought we were losing game 6 and that the city would have a collective heart attack. See ya next year.
The implication that something might go wrong if he doesn't stay. But of course he's going to stay. Because of the implication.
It's definitely more taboo, but the funny thing is in Ontario you can smoke weed anywhere you can smoke cigarettes, whereas you can't just crack a beer in public.
Okeedokee. Thanks for the thorough answer!
Eyewitness testimony is evidence. The cops are lying. As far as we know the cops are the only ones with video evidence and haven't produced it, for fairly obvious reasons.
That's not how the burden of proof works. Masai also stole a horse and spat on Liza Minnelli, but there's no available video evidence, and witnesses say that didn't actually happen, but there's nothing yet proving that it *didn't* happen. See how that works? Eyewitness testimony is evidence. The only available evidence paints the cop as a liar.
It would have to be an *extremely* hard shove to cause enough whiplash that someone gets concussed. Now getting clocked in the head somewhat hard could do it, but there would usually be evidence of that. Say a bruise, bleeding, his hat getting knocked off (it's still there covering his skinhead), etc. The more obvious answer is that the cops are lying to cover up their racist, overly aggressive officer who assaulted a team president.
Evidence must be shared with the defense before trial.
I just got a giant Kawhactus (palm) today that I'm naming after Leonard :&gt;.
So I just went on a 3 month road trip in the US (Canadian), and I gotta say, there is a *huge* homeless, addiction, and mental illness problem in the states. It's unfortunate, and kinda sad. And I'd guess that the problems are closely intertwined.
[Vulpes vulpes.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Og5hTXc1sNA)
Another vote for the Proframe here. The chinguard doesn't make your mouth all nasty like a regular FF, and it's honestly cooler than a skate-style helm, which plenty of people ride in.
Nah. He's a street trials rider + urban freeride, but I don't think that necessarily translates to big mountain freeride.
I would think used off pinkbike would be the way to go for deals. People selling their 26ers will want to sell them before all the demand is gone.
I've been through one too, but I usually think a helmet breaking is a good thing. Shows that it absorbed the impact. If I were DHing regularly I'd also get a dedicated park helmet though.
Not op and I'm not going to argue that Canada is sin-free, but Canada was in Afghanistan *because* of the US invoking Nato's Article 5. So was every NATO member.
All correct except "multiple" is being modest and thousands should be millions.
I'm not vegan/vegetarian whatsoever, but Cosmic Treats in Kensington has *amazing* ice cream that also happens to be vegan. If you have an open mind I'd consider it. It's slightly less icy than dairy ice cream and a bit smoother, and the flavours are always on point.
&gt; We didn't have the balls to tell them no. The implications of *not* responding to Article 5 are huge, and go much, much further than the US invasion of Afghanistan.
I have not. There's often a bit of a language barrier plus a very noisy restaurant when I call, but that's a good idea.
&gt; That's chow mein. Aha! That's very good to know. The menus usually just say "fried noodle". And good to know about the veggies. Maybe I'll try just ordering noodles to see what happens. Thanks!
Perfect! That's very helpful. Think fried noodle with bean sprout would be the ticket? Bottom right corner of first page. http://houseofgourmet.blogspot.com/
Yes, it seems like you've encountered what we mountain bikers usually call "a douche bag". A few things: * Most bikes are over 30 lbs, and pretty much every single EWS rider is on a bike over, in many cases well over 30 lbs. * I don't have any myself but Fox makes amazing parts, and frankly I'd probably prefer them to RS and their stinky Pike. * Being a likely 100lbs overweight (I'm presuming he's not 6'7") is a *wayyyyyyyy* bigger deal than 4lbs off your bike. Weight off the wheels makes a difference, but if the option was 4 lbs to the wheels or strapping an entire other human's weight to myself I'd take the heavier wheels. And the lighter weight on his bike is likely coming from the frame and stupid shit like the bars and BB. And finally, re: brands and asshats. Yeti riders are probably the most associated with money&gt;sense, but "Santa Cruz bros" have a bit of a stereotype too. Usually I find every 40-something rider with stubble and a large beer belly is a SC rider, but to be fair they're usually good riders and good guys. Really we're all just mountain bike riders :), plus that one douche bag you met. Oh and Commencals are awesome and don't give a shit about all the bougie competition and stomp podiums on alloy bikes ;).
Climbing: not even once.
O ya? Coolio. Never seen any footage, but I've never really looked.
&gt; Cantonese chow mein. That's helpful too, thanks! Sometimes I see "Cantonese fried noodle" and wonder what it means.
At basically wherever I go it's simply referred to as "___ (shrimp, mixed vegetable, etc.) fried noodle".
Disagree with this very strongly. "Politics" is not separate from daily life. Politics governs our daily life. People like Doug make decisions and Torontonians *die*, or go bankrupt, can't afford school, etc. The link you shared is about the head of the Republican leadership having the gall to eat at a Central American restaurant when he's instrumental in putting Central American children in literal concentration camps. We're never off the clock in terms of how their decision affects us, so they shouldn't be either.
It's definitely because he's black, dude. White guys said they made it onto the court without getting checked or assaulted at the exact same moment.
The way the guy keeps looking at the puppet when it talks.
Nope. It's already been decided by that guy. Every few years you vote, and then after that you just sit around and wait to see what happens.
Called this as soon as it happened. Racist pig from a racist department racially profiled our team's president and sullied what should have been the best night of his professional career and one of the best nights of his life. Grade A bullshit. I'd like to see Masai countersue for assault with a twist of hate crime.
I'm fuckin' livid about this. They tainted what should have been one of the best nights of our team president's life. Goes to show that it doesn't matter how high you climb the ladder in the US, you can still have your life ruined by some skinhead Paul Blart.
Yeah, I think you're right. It just kills me that probably nothing will happen to this cop or the department.
The credentials that he didn't have, by the way. Now he had them. And they were a gun.
That's still just something the confirmed-liar cop said, no? He's the Prez of the Raptors. I feel like he had that shit sorted. Plus, I'll pay 10:1 that the cop didn't check any credentials anyway.
Hah honestly the sub went above and beyond for my admittedly stupid question. And me too.
And this particular police department has a worse reputation than average!
He looked like Christ off the cross when he took the elbow. His face got rekt for all Raptorkind.
Put it on the cop's headstone :P.
Yeah it's not like the sheriff's department has a history of retweeting white supremacists. Oh wait...
Richard Spencer.
He still probably could've braked on the other side of the fence, or just ditched the bike, but instead he kept rolling off a ledge.
Perhaps OP is talking about something else, but the spokesman for the department, Sgt. Kelly IIRC, was previously caught retweeting Richard Spencer, and then later took it down and said it was an accident. It's the same officer who's talking to the media for this story. The sheriff's department has a history of being horrible.
I appreciated the rant. My friends are probably getting bored of hearing about this story, but it really pisses me off.
500 people? Are you fucking kidding me? Why not make the ROM/SC/CS free for a day? Jesus Christ, this guy.
Oof! It's a big boi! Meta bros. ^^high ^^five
These people are out of their damn minds. Lock your GD condo door, and it's like every other house at street level in TO.
According to this thread you've let in dozens of crackheads and thieves.
I mean, I know that's cheap, but you can get a comparable meal from any number of restaurants or fast food joints for like 7-8 bucks. At least Mandarin's is free.
Canada Day is a holiday though...
... does it really fuckin' matter though? They're going to be giving out free meals all day to as many people as can fit in the restaurant at a time. If one of them is some German tourist who just waited 3 hours what's the difference?
This ain't the 1840s anymore, grandpa! But seriously there are Lego Minifigures of basketball players (although I don't think there are any current Raptors available), and you can also get custom made Minifigures.
"Hello, I love dirt jumping. Should I buy a dirt jumper?" ;) Yes. I love my DJ. Have the full sus for trail riding but when I'm at the jumps I always wish I had my jumper. I also commute on the DJ sometimes because it's super fun (10 minute commutes). When I was in Florida I even used the DJ for riding trails. As long as the place is relatively flat the single speed isn't a huge deal, plus I can actually corner a lot better on the DJ.
I guess you're a socially demented misanthrope? I read the Mandarin's ad fine, I'm saying why screen for citizenship for a free meal? It costs the same to the Mandarin no matter who gets the meal, and it's not like Canada Day has a stipulation that only citizens can celebrate. Frankly it seems like added hassle for the restaurant staff *and* patrons.
Not the answer you're looking for, but sleeves! I wear a mesh Fox jersey, which doesn't have the best protection in the world (it's mesh), but it's enough to prevent a burn after hours in direct FL sun. Pair that with a Proframe and my head is completely covered too. I think it's generally better to use coverage than depend on sunscreen if you can.
No, shorts and knee pads. Shins are exposed, but I've never burned my shins.
Well I don't wear pants. The long sleeves are also to prevent plants (including stinging nettle) from constantly whipping me on rides. The trails can get pretty overgrown. The jerseys I use are white too. They're definitely cooler than the short sleeve I own.
Not all trails are in the woods. For example desert trails tend to be completely exposed, and beachy trails can be too.
Hah not right now. I *was*. Granted, if I were in the FL summer I might change my tune, but there's a good chance I might burst into flames at those temperatures no matter what. I did say coverage *if you can*, meaning sometimes it's just not feasible to cover up.
Not OP, but I do a similar thing, and I think it depends on what you consider overheating. Obviously if it's a humid, 85 degree day I'm going to get sweaty, hot, and gross in all that gear, but I'm going to get hot, sweaty, and gross in any clothing (or even none at all!). It only becomes an issue if I'm overheating in the medical sense of the word, which has never happened to me before. As long as I stay on top of hydration I don't have an issue.
Closed lanes on the Don and no Les/Eg is going to be a fucking mess come July 2nd. For months and months.
And that's when the chuds came at me.
You have likely never been to Asia or South America.
There should be tolls coming *into* the city. It's drivers from the surrounding area that are using our infrastructure and paying nothing for it. Also loading should only be allowed after 8PM or so. Having trucks and vans blocking bike lanes or parked illegally close to an intersection is a regular thing right in the middle of the day.
I didn't. OP mentioned the Olympics, which = the whole world. We wouldn't even win the PanAm games! Also, Asia/South America aren't a country ;).
Yeah, except the "bad type" you just described isn't the main demographic getting killed, but rather [older people and children.](https://twitter.com/jen_keesmaat/status/1006898587727376385?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw%7Ctwcamp%5Etweetembed%7Ctwterm%5E1006898587727376385&amp;ref_url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.blogto.com%2Fcity%2F2018%2F06%2Fcyclist-deaths-skyrocket-toronto-debates-value-bike-lanes%2F) I'm of the opinion that the people most likely to get splattered are tootling along on a 35lb cruisers, dinging their bell as they cut inside right-turning dump trucks.
It's also worth mentioning that being biased *against* the guy you're investigating isn't actually a conflict of interests! Being biased FOR the person you're investigating is the problem.
Remember to tell him you'll still love him no matter what and will always be his father when he comes out as a roadie.
&gt; He doesn't think it's as cool though Good lad. I'm of the opinion that road bikes are acceptable if they make you better on an MTB. But if you even think about shaving your legs so help you god!
Just like my regular job!
What's it called when I wrap my 510s in yer butt?
^^Yes. ^^^Avoid ^^^them.
Tell your doctor the current dose isn't enough.
mE StILL prOuD of U :)
He filed for it after testing positive. That doesn't work.
UCI has a fuckload of issues, but bringing stringent doping controls to racing isn't one of them. Because of UCI Graves and Rude got suspensions **for cheating**. Did you read Rude's latest statement on the matter? It was really, really transparent and dumb. As for this issue with Maes, you can either believe Maes' story and find it rather unfortunate, although he *did* fail a test, or you could consider that he failed a test long after the prescribed course of drugs would've been out of his system, which is rather suspicious since it seems the top racers from a notoriously drug-ridden discipline keep failing tests. And that the "no cell reception" excuse is super weak. And that after they got reception they should have enquired about the substance and then applied for a TUE *before* getting pinched. Even if Maes is being 100% honest him and his manager were negligent.
Don't sand the rotor. Just clean it. You can sand the pads though.
Hey I'll do just about anything for a cool mil ;).
Bite an innertube and clean it with some mud. Put some sealant on it and send some front flip mannies on the way home.
You don't really "grow into" an excess of travel. If 170mm is too much, it's too much, and even if you get used to bobbing all over the place on a squishy sled you'd still likely be better off on something better suited to the trails. Suspension travel is there for absorbing various bumps. Jumps, drops, corners, and going fast are not dictated by travel. Anyway, I don't actually know how much travel is "needed" on your local trails, but get a bike that's made for those, not for races. 150mm travel is plenty for an enduro race.
So 99% of bikes?
Mm'k, well an enduro bike is like a DH-lite, so just consider if you'll really need that. Even EWS pros are sometimes on their brand's AM bike rather than their enduro sled.
I've put "your bike will get stolen with this lock" notes on bikes before :P.
I assumed OP meant Taiwan when they said China. The vast majority of MTBs are made in Taiwan.
Hey, I wear knee pads, a Proframe, gloves, a long sleeve (mesh) jersey, and sometimes elbow pads, including in the middle of summer on my local XC trails. I'm not miserable. Sure, I'm hot, but I also realize I'll be more bummed when I slam into anything at 30km/h+. You don't have to be going at DH speeds to get quite fucked up in a crash.
Yeah but... you're a dentist.
&gt; but the reality is it's an asshole who's on a bike and not being friendly Yeah he said that. Roadies. ^^^;)
GOTTA PROTECT THE MONEY MAKER. u/ambientus just an uggo. ;)
I've worn a full face and landed on my head/face, therefore I still wear a fullface.
Finalllllyyyyy someone as petty as me. Fuck you Yeti! Your bikes are shit and explode all the time, SI is just a poor (/too rich) man's version of DW link, and you don't have a DH bike because you can't win without doping! *^^mic ^^drop DOWNVOTE AWAY, BITCHES!
&gt; Seems like a no brainer unless they secretly tried ~~and couldn't get the license.~~ but they knew too much. The truth is out there.
Yeah, sorry. Sorry yer moose of a ma didn't get yer goose of a dad to pull out, you infected Regina!
Logic checks out.
Probably why you always hear about the rear triangle exploding. &gt; but they have somehow managed to make 90% of the market think they are fucking amazing. High-end price point, and the colour aqua.
The PBJ has whack geo for a DJ. There's no reason for it to be that long other than hopping on the LLS trend. DJs should be short.
&gt; Laziness. Diet is usually focused on, but poor labour laws and being overworked should be looked at too. I don't think Americans are born lazy. Consider that they may be too burnt out to be active in their spare time.
They have a much, much better diet, particularly when it comes to portion control. I didn't say the American diet wasn't a factor, but it's honestly not too far off from the Canadian diet and yet Canadians aren't nearly as fat.
Is there a sport you like? Usually a decent way to meet people, or at least have something to do. For me it's mountain biking, and it's quite easy to find a stranger to ride with simply by being at the trailhead, plus there are group rides a few times a week. Should be pretty easy to find group rides for road cycling too. At the same time they're both "solo" sports, so you can enjoy them by yourself. Cycling also has the advantage of a low skill floor, making it not too hard to get into. Hella expensive tho.
Sorry if this is insensitive, but why does looking at porn give you anxiety?
I use the same gloves. Don't have any issue with the very thin palm padding.
I know this is about it being a CORCO, but jesus fuck that external routing that floats right beside the shock stanchion. Not to mention that the air can will bottom out well below the cables.
I'd put money on collarbone, and since he got his arm up at the last second he maybe smashed his arm to bits too. Depends on how burly his pads were (or if he had any).
Riding! Road or indoor trainer, specifically. A trainer is good if you can't even get out of the house. There's your normal stuff like jogging, rowing, and swimming, but jogging is horrible and hard on the joints, rowing requires an expensive machine and it's boring and the constant movement makes watching stuff distracting, and swimming requires a pool and takes more time commitment. On top of all that, none of them are nearly as good as cycling for cycling stamina.
Not OP but I went to my first game on Sunday. In a word: exquisite.
&gt; Did you get a first game certificate? Is that a thing :O?! The tickets we were hooked up with also came from some MLSE exec so we were in a lounge before the game and at half time, plus 3rd row seats behind all the stats/media/ref people. The whole experience was unreal.
Hah I wish I'd known. I have a physical ticket though so I've kept that, plus this booklet of the game's stats that they gave us after the game.
Why is his FT% so low if he's named after shooting 99% while unguarded?
That's only 5 more than me!
Per another comment, [we somehow won that game.](https://www.basketball-reference.com/boxscores/201211130IND.html) Won both :&gt;.
Went on an MTB van trip down the East Coast across to AZ, and High Line was the first time I felt underbiked on my 140/130. Them chutes ain't no joke!
I suspect you're right because I'm literally watching him play. COME ON, MR. 99%! ^^His ^^first, ^^undefended ^^3 ^^pt. ^^attempt ^^airball ^^was ^^kinda ^^hilarious.
McCaw played one good game and everyone was acting like he deserves these 35 minutes. The dude's a waif and gets totally deleted on offence. He's too small to get to the rim, and his shot isn't good enough to be a threat from 3. Plenty of bench players are better on offence and just as good on D (or better).
OG's 22.
KLow, Norm, OG, Spicy, Gasol + VV, TD, RHJ, Boucher, Serge = easymode Steve Curry goes blind LeBron literally dies 2peat prove me wrong.
I only recently discovered this. I thought he was like 28! Mans is big.
It's awesome that y'alls is still commuting. In Toronto I was one of the only bikes out today.
I'll bike in the snow/freezing cold but not the rain. The rain sucks. The cold needs: a windproof shell (mine's a couple mm thick), good gloves, boots, long underwear, a face mask+goggles. Most of those I'd be wearing whether I'm on a bike or not. Probably not the goggles...
One day they're going to duel the Tony Brothers and defeat them in combat.
"Yous a bitch, Todd." "Wash me, daddy!"
Yes, but also he asked to be undrafted. That's why he was undrafted. Undrafted undrafted.
The dude swipes like a bitch and then saunters off. Fuck this guy.
*in the second round
Nurse maybe?
TDII, RHJ, and Chris Boucher are the trifecta. Won't hear ill words from me.
He was so exhausted his foul may have been to prevent the undefended 3 opportunity (which would've given them the win).
Not to Americans!
TDII is Southern AF and doesn't sound at all like this.
&gt; Brampton is the worst I've driven in Their insurance is the highest for a reason.
&gt; wife kicked me out, you know how it is" ... I really don't, dude.
&gt; Not that bad. For you, maybe...
Boost me to the rim with that brown shower.
Respect the names: Lowry, Siakam, Gasol.
Teslas use Lowry's ass for airbags.
Mine is still intact!!!
I used kijiji. Know when units tend to free up (Jan, May, Sept), don't be afraid of listings without pictures, bring everything you'll need to actually sign the lease to the viewing (cheque, reference letter if you have it, credit report if you need it, dress well, etc.), and keep at it. Unfortunately there aren't really any "secrets" beyond arranging viewings. Also, most "shady" parts of town are fine. Dundas and Sherbourne is probably the only place I'd avoid in the entirety of downtown. Toronto is safe. Some homeless people =/= unsafe.
You don't like 4v5 offence?
&gt; OG is stapled to the bench while fully healthy as our best defensive wing probably This doesn't make sense to me either. People say McCaw gets minutes because he's good on D. If that's the case, why not OG? OG's strong on D, a much larger physical presence, his not-great shot still tends to look better than McCaw's, and he's an actual threat to the rim.
Ehh these aren't quite downtown but I searched for like 2 minutes: https://www.kijiji.ca/v-apartments-condos/city-of-toronto/bright-spacious-1-bedroom-king-west/1482226049?undefined https://www.kijiji.ca/v-apartments-condos/city-of-toronto/1-bedroom-apartment-at-queen-and-dufferin/1482067842?undefined I'm not saying apartment hunting is a fun thing, but if you keep at it you can find a place for well below $2300.
I'd trade McCaw for a subway sandwich. I truly think we'll be a better team when Nurse doesn't have him as an option.
&gt; there's still a gastropub on one corner Nope. Shwarma place. But in my heart it will always be Coffee Time.
Alfie's is a drug dealers' den. If you try to go in there they'll probably kick you out.
A homeless person? Really? A homeless person?
TDII vs. McCaw = Highest vs. Lowest +-. It's like this every fucking game. Almost blew a 30 point lead.
That turnover in the 4th was just awful. But you also feel bad for the guy. He's in over his head! Looks like the 12 year old out there.
Guess who's dead last in +-?... Seems like a decent dude, but not worth defending. We have better players. A lot of them.
He's been a centre since Gasol's been out, and he was getting minutes before then too, plus Ibaka was out before that. Having said that, Ibaka had butter fingers but still played well. Delete McCaw and we'd be a-okay.
McCaw's was worse, and Siakam is coming off injury *and* our star offense. McCaw is 1 of 5 guards who consistently plays the worst.
Proving himself.
I have two cock rings. I do trust St. Nick. McCaw just has blackmail material on his whole family. Plus Nurse wants to make sure we can win 4v5.
Ibaka about to do a poop at him.
POINT GUARD GASOL! Boucher on 5. Guaranteed 5peat.
Didn't need to start to lead. Normgod Evolved.
[Huuuugh Mungus.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VjCSNL6rPEc)
That's because McCaw can pass to him due to his height and Gasol can make the plays.
Point Gasol, Boucher on 5.
21 pts 3-6 from 3 ;).
Exactly. If you want to remain the GOAT you have to prove it.
I'm curious how you think he compares to TDII, NP, or RHJ, re: being played during crunch time in the 4th. Seems to me that even if you think he's good he is decidedly not a clutch player.
I don't think there's much point arguing with this guy. Looks like slamming your head into a brick wall. "Don't you get that stats aren't the only measure of a player?!" Yes. Watch the games. He's just not *that* good, and TD shows more promise.
It's a spitting image of Kawhi's game 7 buzzer beater.
* Adapt * React * Readapt * Apt
Yeah I recently went to a game and Gasol is a biiiiig boy. His current height stat doesn't seem accurate either. Easily had 4 inches on Boucher.
He finally got over his parade hangover a couple nights ago.
&gt; my little ass 5'8 (5'9 on tinder) head. Preach.
Use clear bra. You can use Gorilla Tape if you really want, but it is stronger. Either way, you should be using a heat gun to remove the tape when the time comes as it will loosen the adhesive.
The rim's D too tight.
OG surprised face: :|
That was Fred VanVleet. This is Fred VanVleet, Sr.
Does that make him Embiid's dad AND granddad?!
As much as I never want to see McCaw play another Raptors minute, he *did* win us the ring, so credit where credit is due (to Masai).
I never got a smort phone and just buy a new brick for $25 every time one gets destroyed. I do get constantly chirped though...
Prolly get some downvotes, but that's because it's not a *good* show. Did I watch it? Yes. Of course. And I finished it faster than I finish most shows to boot. But am I *proud* of watching it? Fuuuck no. The dialogue was often atrocious, the costumes laughably bad, many of the sets seemed unfinished, bad CGI, many people took issue with the timelines, the show was completely sanitized of its Eastern European origins, and there were some miscasts (Triss seems to be the main one). The show succeeds in spite of itself. People love the source material, and Cavill caries the show.
Can't tell if joking...
*The Scream*'s by Munch ;).
Np! The style and palettes are definitely similar.
Meet me in the men's room and I'll show you ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°).
I didn't think he'd have been rolling around on the ground like that just for getting scratched.
Terence Davis II, often referred to as TDII (I'd argue saying just "TD" was a mistake). He's a Raptors rookie with a very similar story to Van Vleet (undrafted first round, bet on self, etc.). He's also doing very well for a rookie. Among the best.
Embiid's already starting as the centre.
Some of the most forced shit I've seen in a while.
Raptors tickets are fuckin' expensive in Toronto. It makes going to away games more appealing. I recently got hooked up with 3rd row seats and the sticker price was $400.
Gasol is worth it. 7 foot defensive Jedi point guard.
##Petition to make Spicy's face a new flair.
RHJ sprained his ankle vs. the Spurs, and Gasol left vs. the Hawks due to hamstring tightness and he's skipping next game but I think he's fine.
Nope... People drive to Trinity from all over Toronto and the GTA. It's a destination, which is why it gets so crowded.
Yeah that's cuz they're fuckin' stolen. Uncle Jacob's is a chop shop, and likely part of a larger bike theft ring (more expensive stolen bikes are exported somewhere before being fenced).
&gt; 30+ people party for 400 dollars just for food? Hosting parties *does* actually cost a fuckload if you're supplying food/drinks.
I emailed Dougie asking him to get rid of it, he responded, and it was cancelled within a month o.O . The system works! (Also there were a bunch of reason why e-testing was just stupid. I don't hate the air!)
&gt; urban whites You mean suburban white voters. Cities usually vote Democrat.
They do in pairs sometimes! https://youtu.be/BbXryasR_PU
Yeh I tell the guests to bring LOTS o' vino. They'll forget the quality of the food if they're plastered enough.
And the upside is I get all that left-over beige-gold.
I too am too lazy to find stats, but I'd think that's Pascal. If the mans stops getting beat up it might even end up being Normgod.
Big difference in ride quality. I'm building up a flat-bar gravelish monster to accompany my FS when I want something light and harsh.
Haven't found a vid of it in motion yet, but listen to how beautiful it sounds: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FmHauiUF7z4 EDIT: Here it is getting pedalled. The crocs really sell it: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=54uStp4JvhY
Urban people vote majority Democrat, pretty much across the board. Why would the Democrats focus on where they're already strongest?...
Wait, was Curry's ONLY return game against the Dinos?! Why didn't he play in the next two? And man, it was so crazy that the night of our rematch was also the night Steph returned. He puts the fear in ya.
Or if Norm plays without his bones exploding... Mans was shooting 31ppg in his final week of play.
Y'all never heard of Playoff Powell, or Norm Powell "Buck Hunter"? . He was playing amazing the whole season, he just couldn't go more than a few games without getting injured. If he had more games played he'd be a 6MOTY contender. Kinda stupid even our own fans are acting like the Raptors can't handle playoffs (Raptors play *better* in a series than regular season games because of Saint Nick). Not saying we're winning another ring, but our team is still great.
They got that Disney Magic!
Yeah. Definitely possible to win 12 games vs. the best teams with a fluke. Thoroughly bad take. You're even doubting the reigning champion Leonard who scored 31.1 ppg in his last playoffs run?
The trails look surprisingly similar to Ontario.
You forgot Powell.
&gt; that commentator Put some respec on Devlin's name.
Honestly even his fingers are terrifying.
&gt; Similarly Michael talks about attending parties with his professors, but we know he never got a degree. Michael didn't go to college. He says this to bait an invite to Jim's party. He's the "professor" of the office, in his analogy.
There's a reason Gasol always matches minutes with star bigs like Embiid.
No one cares if you want to stick your head in the sand. Leave the sub.
&gt; Cycle Solutions Avoid the one on Parliament. The owner's a douchebag and constantly fighting people who give the shop negative reviews (which are plentiful). The Beaches one is great though (different owner).
It's the owner who's responding online. My biggest issue (and you'll find this in reviews) is that the guys are sexist and creepy, but you might not be aware if you're a guy. I've heard them say pretty gross stuff about female clients after they've left, and they assumed I'd be on board since I'm a guy. Happened more than once before I stopped patronizing them (wasn't just a single staff member either).
Yeah my friends and I had started going out to a bar every game since the *Leafs* playoffs, and continued with the Raps run once the Leafs were eliminated. It was like the beginning of April to the beginning of June. Wreaked havoc on our guts, wallets, and hearts.
"Empty calories" isn't a sound concept. Calories are calories, and at this level it's more a question of shoving as much shit into your hole as possible so you can maintain weight. Phelps would eat 12,000 calories a day and doesn't weigh nearly as much as 280lb Embiid. If Embiid tried to maintain his frame with chicken breast, brown rice, and salad he'd barf after every meal.
Raps beat the Warriors with healthy Klay twice already, and by a considerable margin (9 and 13). There's no indication that Klay somehow = win at the final Raps home game if it ever made it to 7. "Oh but Klay had a hot hand!" doesn't translate from one game to another, and if it does, then Raps can claim the same for Lowry who outshot Kawhi in G6.
Pascal hasn't had plays set up for him this last season, presumably by design. The plurality of his non-transition plays are still ISO plays. I expect (and hope) that this is because Nurse is training Pascal to be a proper 1st option.
If you're intent on a Specialized I'd ignore your first choices and get one o' these: https://www.specialized.com/ca/en/sirrus-x-2-0/p/171181?color=271452-171181&amp;searchText=92420-8100 Discs, good tire clearance with good tires for road/light offroad, flat bars, 1x drivetrain (well suited for Toronto, lighter, cheaper), good geo for both road and offroad. Hybrid/low end suspension is shit, which is why you want to avoid your first pick, and the step-through bikes are cruisers, not hybrids, and cruiser = heavy, slow, poor offroad.
Ehh, I wouldn't worry too much. It's possible you're right, but I imagine the trends we see from Pascal this year are from coaching, and that Nick uses the regular season for experimenting and training. This last year we've had small-ball starts, big-ball starts, the full court press, more zone D, centreless lineups, etc. It's also just not correct to say Pascal doesn't run in transition. Those are still the bulk of his points. As for splitting transition plays with Norm, that'd be a good thing, because one negative that doesn't seem to be a coaching choice for Pascal is he fades by the 4th quarter. He spends so much energy on D that his offence suffers.
Specialized makes good bikes, and frankly I think the Sirrus is better than the equivalent from Trek or Giant (FX/Escape). There's the Sirrus 1, but I think the Sirrus **X** 2.0 is a significantly better bike, and worth the upgrade. Wider tires (more comfort, grip, better offroad, yet not *too* wide), 1x drivetrain (lighter, simpler, easier shifting, less maintenance), hydraulic disc brakes (not necessary, but they feel a *lot* nicer), even better pedals! IMO a Sirrus X 2 is a bike that no one would be unhappy with. It's going to be "fast" as anything that's not a pure road bike, and it's going to feel good on many surfaces. Here's some marketing for the bike to see it in action (bear in mind the marketing is showing the highest end model with some extra features, but they're just fluff imo): https://youtu.be/TZBVbpFo5s0 , https://youtu.be/1flsPPJlenA NB: Sirrus **X** 2, not just a Sirrus 2. PS. black bikes get stolen the most, go for colour! And you'll need something to secure the wheels or they'll get jacked.
It's a fair question. There are no "men's bikes". Just bikes, and women's bikes. Women's bikes are oftentimes a bit of a raw deal (more expensive bikes for the same parts), and the only real differentiating component on a female model is going to be the saddle, but saddles are highly personal anyway.
I haven't actually been speaking to Kyrie very much, so I don't know, but it's still a bad take. Saying "how long can they expect to protest for if it'll take forever for cops to stop murdering them?" is not doing your argument any favours. We're already seeing reform being pushed through that's been ignored for decades. There's also an obvious event that's coming up that continued protesting will affect: the US presidential election. The longer the protests go on, the worse Trump looks.
"The stock market?!?!" -Person who has no idea where to even begin investing in the stock market
He just says that because no hot dudes want to sleep with him :&lt;.
100 billion for it to run to 2021, all told. Could be recouped in 7 years with 2% added to the GST (as it used to be). Doesn't need to be recouped that quickly, nor does it just have to be through GST. It's not *that* scary. What should scare you is the economic ravaging caused by COVID unrelated to CERB, plus the super low oil prices :/.
I guess it depends how you define "middle tier", but with a minority Lib government that keeps getting swayed by the NDP, I kinda doubt it will.
It can be offset with a sales tax credit. It's already a part of the Trillium benefit.
I'm on GP4000s as a year-round Toronto commuter with no flats yet after a year.
Part of that is our assistant coach Sergio Scariolo who gave his recommendation for the trade. Sergio and Marc had won 3 golds on the Spanish national team (and he'd also coached Serge on the same team).
It's not stupid if it works!
Mold.
Y'all acting like grown-ass men don't like juice boxes. Gimme dat box and I'll suck that mamma dry.
&gt; these simple U locks I see everywhere are quite bad. Get a chain that you can put through the back wheel, the frame and something that is attached to some structure that can't be moved. This ain't good advice unless you're talking about one of these 15 pound, purpose built chains https://www.kryptonitelock.com/en/products/product-information/current-key/999492.html . A dual shackle u-lock (locks on both sides of the U) is typically the strongest lock available while still being practical (definitely better than a hardware store chain and padlock), but *any* lock is a goner vs. time+effort. Part of not getting bikes stolen is knowing where/when/how to lock it up properly.
Hmm interesting. I assumed the Dutch used frame locks (locks frame to wheel) because the other name I've heard for them are "Dutch locks"! I'd still wager most u-locks are stronger than most chains, especially since the point of failure on the chain tends to be the lock, the good ones being tiny u-locks.
Nope. One of the slowest, driest movies you'll ever see. I still remember it years later though, so it must have something going for it.
&gt; We essentially saying the same thing though Raps had that big D in the 4th. I just was nervous for it to go to OT. Yeah true. Obviously it was better for it not to go OT, but I guess I'm just triggered from people saying the 6ers *would* win in OT or the Dubs *would* win the *series* had Klay played in the 4th quarter.
Still got McCaw baybeeeeeee
it's okay
