Bad cards/options just means the game is balanced like shit. All options should have their role no matter how simple or complex they are. [This article](http://www.sirlin.net/articles/balancing-multiplayer-games-part-3-fairness) explains it best.
If you want to go all in on the simulation the most ideal city would be a procedural city constructed with City Building mechanics like City Skylines or Impressions Games(Caesar,Pharaoh,Emperor), as well as Economy games like Patrician 3, Anno 1404, The Guild 2, you may even add 4X games like Civilization in the mix. The point being you add real mechanical function to buildings thus give real consequence when things affect them as defined by the gameplay of those genres. You then add some simple NPC simulation and quests like you find in Rimworld and Skyrim. Now NPC and you(through quests) have agency against the city by affecting it both positively or negatively based on the mechanics of those genres. Frostpunk is a new contender in the city building genre with very interesting mechanics and it's a great example on what you can do in a RPG if you simulated the city. Just imagine how that game would work if it was a Mass Effect or Dragon Age style RPG. In fact isn't Mass Effect:Andromeda exactly what it should have been? Or Dragon Age 2? Even in GTA style games it can be served by City Skylines simulation models in various ways. Especially since it does handle things like chaos and destruction to some extent.
Perfect! If all the Patreon porn moves to another platform Patreon is Dead.
Suicide.
A workaround is to buy site credit like in game virtual currencies work.
Good luck for them! But people really underestimate the value Steam has. The thing that always matters is where is your market is and how you advertise to them.
The problem is it depends on the game,especially for niche genres. If a person has very specific tastes he pretty much knows how to search and follow Steam for those games. Would a person who enjoys Factorio look at Epic Store when they don't like/play Fortnite? The only thing he knows is that everything is on Steam,especially his particular junk. Although I don't discount the new platform advantage. When things are less crowded there is more visibility.It's similar with the Switch.
Procedural Single Player Campaign is the future of RTS. It simply distills the essence of RTS that people really like. If people like base building, defense and creativity then why not make wide spanning bases and logistics like in Factorio? If people like researching new units and weapons we know how to make progression, crafting systems and resource acquisition to power things up. In fact things are already inevitably going to turn like this. Just look at From the Depths, Terratech, Avorion and Factorio. It's only one step away towards being a RTS with an opposing opponent. it just needs the right format for the campaign. AI Wars pretty much already works like this. [I have already wrote](https://www.reddit.com/r/gamedesign/comments/6hsunc/create_game_day_1_open_world_rts/dj0uurb/) about how it could work. You can even do fancy stuff with the AI by letting players build and script their own empires and then uploading that on the cloud to be downloaded as AI opponents.
CRPG combat has always been trash. I disagree with you on the isometry thing. Simply put if you want good writing you simply can't have focus on production values like graphics and voices,it's a tradeoff. Voices are especially a killer, good writing means rewriting a lot, you do not have the flexibility to change things when you have voices in the pipeline. If you want Mass Effect like graphics then you need to appeal to a broader audience to sell so you can't take that many risks and liberties. It would also be on a constant deadline due to budget so they cannot take the time to properly experiment and iterate. This is why isometry is a game changer in CRPGs, its can both look good and be relatively cheap to make.
&gt; Switch has launch visibility and that's it. There are only 60 slots for best selling games. If you aren't there, you don't exists after your launch period ends. Yes but you don't have 10,000 games to compete with yet. There is always a given that there is some advantage to adopting to a new platform, of course that is only if that platform is successfully populated. &gt;Steam's algorithms allows mid-tier games to have long tail sales, so developers keep working on them and releasing free updates for years. This is precisely the kind of competition that I want the Epic Store to bring. It's pretty much the key issue that will make or break it. If they are successful that means Steam will also improve to stay competitive. Another thing Epic can do is release asset packs and plugins with Unreal to make it like a RPG Maker of sorts.
&gt; Does Valve try to bribe other developers to not sell anywhere else? Isn't that the definition of a **exclusive**?
So? Do you know how much money the average game on Steam makes? 0.00 **Zero** *Nada* ^zilch .
You do know that the US has waged war in the middle east with much better equipment? Did they won? Guerrilla Tactics are incredible effective. Even that vehicle could be taken care of in hundreds of ways.
You cannot kill something that didn't exist. Landmark was the only thing real being developed and voxel tech was revolutionary. Ironing out the problems with the voxel engine and data streaming was essential otherwise you could not build the EQ Next World. People are crying about a list of features EQN had that didn't exist. Most likely outside of the voxel tech they wouldn't have even been implemented. After Landmark was stable working like a Minecraft Creative Mode only then EQN could truly begin and it with Landmark it would have had a solid start.
Have a looked at the data? It was tremendously useful for Indies. I've looked at the trends myself.
So you basically don't want games from the rest of the world? 100$ might be nothing in the US but in South Africa 100$ might be 2 months saving. You only need a shitty computer,internet, time and talent to make a good game. Living costs can vastly differ in the world.
Get daddy's belt. He should learn pain and suffering from the start and if he can push through despite that then he has the mettle to succeed.
You clearly do not know what the fuck you are talking about. &gt; Pitfall!, Jumpman, and Super Mario 2. They would be dead in the current market. &gt;Donkey Kong Like 3D platforms it has a lot of "magic" and "charm" that would be lost in translation if you have not played it religiously. SO it's not that easy at all. The graphical assets wouldn't be particularly easy either. &gt;Just not going to waste the brain cells on mere Platformers. That's *mere* ignorance, which is fine as long as you stick with what you know, but do not ever underestimate what you do not understand, otherwise your folly will eventually sting.
Streets of Rogue.
You don't get it. 2 months saving is for **100$**. 1000$ simply isn't going to happen.
Please [stop posting retarded advice](https://www.reddit.com/r/gameideas/comments/625ahk/for_fucks_sake_stop_with_the_simple_ideas/) as some kind of authority. If you want to encourage quality content there are better ways: https://www.reddit.com/r/gamedesign/comments/9ophhn/online_detailed_game_design_doc_template/ https://www.reddit.com/r/gamedev/comments/7c0srq/idea_guy_survival_tip_aka_why_you_should_start/
Nope. If you take the Input -&gt;Process -&gt; Output framework. A Pseudorandom has a Random Algorithm in the Process and just inserts some Bullshit into the Input. In a Chaos System the Process is comprised of many systems that interact with each other and the variables and factors in the Input are relevant and meaningful(and not external). That means you can take any situation and analyze and break down the factors and it will make logical sense on why that thing happened if you had perfect information. In other words causality. It is precisely the statistical randomness that is the difference between the two.
Yes but what I am interested in is using it in places where normally you would use randomness, like skill checks, AI evaluations and stuff. Most of the time you think of procedural generation as creating an object, not evaluating/judging something.
If you remove the ghosting(add hidden information), change the body positioning/distance, desynchronize the timeline(no more defined turns) while keeping the simulation things can get a lot more chaotic. Remember that Chaos system depends on initial parameters and deviate after, if you have similar starting situations with very few factors then its obvious why it wouldn't have time to get chaotic. It's also depends on how you setup your maneuvers, stances and resources. Something like [Shigatari](https://store.steampowered.com/app/486380/Shigatari/) with Toribash simulation can certainly be interesting.
The point is not to make the system directly comprehensible. The point is for the system to have deeper patterns that might not be seen in one instance but if you play it for a hundred you begin to see. Having something deep to discover while you have mastered the game gives a certain amount of depth and meaning to the world. Of course playing the game should also be directly satisfying, that's a separate issue. What I was mostly thinking about when thinking about this is the Events Checks in FTL and Darkest Dungeon. Knowing it is just a random probability in the outcome takes away any sort magic from it. When I didn't know how they worked I always thought it was based on hidden variables, a sort of pattern in fate, that is much more interesting to me. On one hand players might not comprehend it, true. But on the other there is a sort of paranoia that appears when players realize the reality. Chaos is magic. And the magic could well be real. True emergence.
I am pretty sure you have bigger issues then your story and gameplay not matching. Make it a RPG and direct it more thoroughly.
Doujin are just the amateur indie scene in japan. They are also filled with porn as that is the only way to make that market viable when they don't have much production values. They are usually RPGs, Strategy/Tactics RPGs, Raising Sims(Princess Maker-like), Management or other Mini-games. Of course the Visual Novel format is ubiquitous in addition to whatever gameplay elements they may have. You can usually find them in communities built around Visual Novels, Hentai or 4chan.
Throw all the lore into the garbage. Now you are free! 90% of the time lore is completely worthless.
&gt; but i still would like a random dude to be the "kirito" of the server The genius of the unlock system is that "krito" could be a exclusive class on the server(a slot per world) that lasts until you die(and the killer gets your slot). Kinda like SWG jedis.
I am generous mainly because I have played Septerra Core and I have seen how Lore can be done brilliantly and what kind of value it can have.
Sure. If you have the right credentials. More specifically if you have team full of veteran developers and also a solid prototype backing you.
That's not possible. The PC market already considers Microsoft completely incompetent and the absolutely do not want another App Store situation.
That technology is barely used even in commercial plugins. I don't think you will see it any time soon, not without successes in the commercial sphere first.
What would you like to see in a Sims game?
Have you looked at Dragon Cliff? It's a game where you hire and build adventurers that go into ever increasingly difficult dungeons.
&gt; This isn't so much a list of "niches", as a it's a list of popular games that could be cloned for profit. That's a perfectly valid approach, of course. Precisely what I want to see. &gt;a Grand Ages: Medieval (from Patrician) Don't get me started on Patrician. I don't know how you can screw up something that simple, the fact that they failed is frankly embarrassing.
If you want any feedback you can ask me. I would love to see something like this.
&gt; I'm talking particle effect engines and pixel shaders and sprite animation automation, tools that that cover up the fact that the game underneath is rudimentary and uninteresting. On the other hand you can pull of some insane tricks that make them much more palatable. All the hardware tricks that developers pulled off are now easy with shaders and throwing an insane amount of computation at it. Truly the only limit is the imagination. &gt;Games are art, and good art is made when the artist has found something they need to tell the world. And that description simply does not apply to 99.9% of indie developers (and many larger studios). I would be happy if they could just steal more competently. Take a bit of time to research what the fuck you are doing, It's not like it's impossible to comprehend.
Imagine a 100% efficient predator of pure murder. Inside the skin of a airhead teenage girl. Inside the body of a cute spider.
Undertale.
Weapons were built only to kill so they evolved into the most efficient forms with that purpose. If you want to change things then you have to change the parameters. For example what kind of weapons would evolve if you have some strong Orcs using them? What if there were martial arts KI techniques to boost their effectiveness. Like what happens if humans can be 10 times strong or control gravity? With lightsabers there is no armor defense so what kind of form would be the most effective. What if physics work differently from the real world?
Halo is Console Trash compared to 90's FPS and was the beginning of the end of good gameplay in FPS. The shield mechanic is precisely what damned the genre to be a cover based shooter eventually. The limited weapons lead to weapon loadouts which lead to the horrible progression systems you find today. If Halo was wiped from history we would have had better FPS even on the console. The only thing Halo did is make FPS control scheme viable on the console, that was revolutionary, true. But nowadays every FPS has that control scheme.
It's a shit game. Reverse progression has been thought of before and is a bad idea.
Depends on what you mean by "bad" idea. There are certainly plenty of bad game design documents. But you can take any premise and make it work. The premise or constraint and the GDD which is the skeleton for the game are different things.
&gt;Where should I start to ensure that the game / idea isn’t stolen? The best way to ensure your game idea isn't stolen is to just make a bad game that will never be successful. That way nobody will dare touch it! 100% Guaranteed completely safe!
People are tired of microtransaction nickel and diming, and that is exactly what people saw in the first trailer, in other words they didn't have the decency to hide the monetization even in the trailer and maintain the hype and dream that this will be different and it won't be as worse. Second this is more rewriting history to suit a SJW agenda just like you see black people in BBC shows about ancient and medieval history. All it makes is a mockery of history and culture. **Minorities certainly don't gain any respect or pride from it**, in fact it's the opposite. It certainly isn't celebrating the culture they do have. As for women, how does it show anything other then the naked envy of men? If women need that then they are truly the worthless sex. Half a century of emancipation goes down the drain.
There is a new genre of novels that are getting traction called LitRPG that adds gaming tropes to novels. You can find them on [Royal Road](https://www.royalroad.com/fictions/weekly-popular) as well as some japanese and korean [light novels/webnovels](https://www.novelupdates.com/). As for games, the advice is the same, **learn genres**. Visual Novels,Adventure Games and RPGs are a must, Raising Sims like Princess Maker, Long live the Queen, Academagia and Tale of Wuxia are also good to look out for as it gives a more freeform sandbox feel with a more modular format but still essentially a CYOA book. Gameplay wise you can do a lot with less, even some small mini-games and a bit of combat can get you far. Thea: The Awakening card battles are particularly brilliant.
Your best bet is to just look at games with mods like Skyrim and see how they work. Where things can get tricky is when conflicts and mergers happen which is a similar problem to GIT version control. The more you can structure things to minimize conflicts the better.
&gt;Can anyone tell me if I'm totally off-base here? Is this a known concept in game design? ##It's a thing called ***Depth***. The reason why tactics games are greater than simpler JRPGs is simply because they have a bigger viable possibility space(also known as donkey space). Complexity is what gives a bigger possibility space and balance is what makes those options viable. Multiplayer games have more depth because you need subtler strategies when going against an active opponent that can think. CCGs and Meta-Strategies work by similar mechanics. The games have enough mechanical complexity but most strategies are obsolete so there aren't many strategies that are viable, what is viable at any given time is highly dependent on small balanced changes that can shift the Meta wildly. Constant patching and tweaking is a way the explore the possibility space but the game isn't that properly balanced. I recommend reading everything on depth on [CritPoints](https://critpoints.net/archive/) as well as Sirlin's articles on balance.
For Process I recommend you look at the Atelier Series as well as Zachtronics puzzle games like Opus Magnum. Also sometimes you don't necessarily need the Process, if you make resources gathering good enough and the Output has a lot of things you need then it can work as resource management.
Here is a dead simple mechanic that nobody seems to use. Make a enemy team template instead of just randomly spawned enemies. In a team individuals enemies can have a role in that team that makes them a much more challenging opponent. For some reason this is beyond the comprehension of most MMO designers which makes the combat completely braindead. You can aggro individual monsters instead of the whole team and even if there is a pack of monsters it is usually the same type of monsters with the same weakness that can be countered the same way.
&gt; I was reading the thread you linked and one of the comments suggested it and started looking at the videos for it. That's because it's mine. It's not a surprise that I would give the same advice, which is why I like to save threads and reuse them. &gt;or something like Breath of The Wild and Atelier Series; where you put ingredients in and based on them you get different QL or type of item. One thing you have to keep in mind is that things can get repetitive and bothersome. Sometimes it makes sense to just give the results or have an option to automate. Minecraft for example would be bothersome if you had to do a mini-game every time. It's up to you to decide what your focus, pacing and complexity is.
Maybe check the communities around Stardew Valley. People who like the relationships there might like this.
The problem is you can't really **evaluate** creative works. Your choices become pretty much arbitrary as what is constituted as a success depends on fickle wims. Tycoon games are suited for setting that have much more clear evaluation criteria.
Pretty much if you are an Indie those are the most stable genres.
[ESRGAN! ESRGAN! ESRGAN!](https://github.com/xinntao/ESRGAN)
The problem is "eleven years" and 2016-2018 are completely different beasts entirely.
But Blizzard WAS the "live service" golden goose! They had more overwhelming market success and monopoly then any other company out there and was monetized as fuck to boot. It's what every other company dream about and fail. They were the only company that even has a chance to enter a market and compete. Without Blizzard they have absolutely no chance to corner another market. WoW is dying and once Blizzard creatively decays that control on that market will evaporate. Overwatch and Hearthstone isn't looking pretty either. Instead of making the new golden goose like Diablo 4 they are banking on something that is already dying.
&gt;They should have just eaten crow and pushed the date back to the first of 2019. It is debatable if releasing before Christmas is a smart thing to do. The market is kinda fickle and not that easily understood. However they are not a AAA studio, they cannot afford not pushing any advantage they can get. Would they have a really shit Christmas? Well yes, yes they do. You know what would be even more shit? Unemployment. If your a in Indie Development and Market disabuse yourself of the notion that you will have decent life. Things will go wrong and life will be hell. &gt;I watched a streamer spawn, walk down a path way and run into a level 15 snake ... WHAT? You say that like that is not a feature.
My problem is not that AAA companies have Unions, which they should. My problem is with people that live on a completely different planet and put the same expectations on the cutthroat Indie Market. I know Atlas developer studio has been relatively successful but they are one unsuccessful release away from being in the red. They have some leeway but not that much. If they are not cautious they are dead.
The problem with ageing is how are you going to span the time in the first place. Spanning decades is a long time, if you do it too fast it's going to feel rushed and uncomfortable. There will be pressure to optimize and that pressure will break most players, including me(some honesty here). Especially since when you start you do not know what you are doing and you cannot optimize well. I recommend the first death to be a guided tutorial just to get it out of their system. You need to make character death more expendable and have a way to skip a run early, this will paradoxically lead to more experimentation as the framework would be experimentation within one life instead optimizing every move. But that also means the results of one life should be different, and the consequences of skipping a run should be that the world stagnates without player input. Of course if the life of a character isn't that short and the player has the leeway to waste time this isn't that much of a problem. Long term problems can work if they are long.
Ah! Blockchain Technology! Nobody really understands you! Fools. As for the items I have [similar working idea](https://www.reddit.com/r/MMORPG/comments/4wp86d/discussion_rmt_achievement_gear/), The key points is the achievements and titles and recorded history. There is no such thing as unique balanced items. You have to handle it just like any items and properly give them tradeoffs.
&gt;&gt; Even quite broken champs only have a winrate that is a few % over 50. &gt; &gt; This is because the game is largely luck based, as I said. Skill takes a backseat. The winrate being 50% isn't a bad thing, in fact that is what you expect to see. If both players are equally skilled, and the options are equally balanced a 50% winrate is to be expected. Of course winrate doesn't tell you everything.
A game going from a Mod or an Expansion to a Standalone game isn't that rare. What exactly is the problem? Leaving previous code in the engine isn't surprising either. Heck Fallout 4 had Skyrim code that was found in Fallout 76. If you think the game is not worthy enough why not just play Ark? Is it or isn't it the same game?
&gt; i always had a really bad feeling about it for some reason. The problem is it had no concrete design and roadmap on reaching a working game.
The question is not if this release is a disaster. The question is if this release would not be a disaster at any other time or if there would be a release at all. &gt;If they don't have money to finish product there are managment problems. If there weren't any problems, you wouldn't be indie. It's nice to dictate on your ivory tower what should or shouldn't happen, but people in the real world need to pay bills.
&gt; It seems unhelpful to call anything other than perfection "bad". I am not asking for perfection. I am merely asking for developers to not pursue GARBAGE. If you design for garbage then garbage is what you get.
If your fucking meta says its not an option what the fuck coexistence do you fucking imagine? Either things are balanced or they are not and players **HAVE TO SELECT!!!** from the meta pool. ##That is the fucking DEFINITION of Meta.
Yes. They don't care because they have a hundred heroes or ten thousand cards. When you have a hundred what does one matter?
Way of the Samurai is all about collecting stuff.
The best case study is CCGs that combine with synergistic effects. The next step is to add constraints,triggers and context to every "card" so that you have both the synergistic power as well as the specific situation in which that power is unlocked. That way the game can be about mind-games,information, predicting and blocking from that power triggering. Keep your special powers secret lest you will be countered. Also check [this thread](https://www.reddit.com/r/gamedesign/comments/9650z7/random_improvisational_progression/) on how to balance it.
[NPC Personality](https://www.reddit.com/r/gamedesign/comments/835jhz/the_easy_guide_to_procedurally_generated_plots/) is pretty much a solved problem. NPC Agency and Dialog on the other hand is a completely different beast entirely. If you don't want NPCs to stand there as a signpost, which is what most NPCs do in a RPG if you really look at it, you need code from scratch systems that give agency. If you want your King to actually do something then you need the systems or game of an actual Civilization style game or City Builder or Anno/Patrician to define the effect and consequence of their actions. Without those systems their actions would be meaningless. What is an interesting case to think about is making a Sandbox MMO that is filled with NPC adventurers instead of players. That way you can have agency of players in the form of the pursuit of progression.
Game to look at: Streets of Rogue which has a pretty similar structure. Especially the weapons,tools and systemic design is perfect for your game. Space Station 13, similarly to Streets of Rogue there is a lot of stuff to use. It also has open source codebase so you can check the code out for how they structure things(but don't use byond!). Cogmind has great robot combat and hacking systems. Cataclysm: Dark Days Ahead is a post apocalyptic roguelike with a lot of crafting and interactions. NEO Scavenger similar to CDDA. Has interesting combat and inventory. Kenshi, Rimworld are sandbox games about managing communities and base building. Factorio all about production chains,logistics and in depth base building. Silent Storm,XCOM,Commandos,Jagged Alliance 2. If you want more tactical or infiltrating combat. Silent Storm has interesting destruction engine.
&gt; Weapon durability is a terrible solution to a real problem. BOTW realized that you want to encourage the player to change up their strategy, but they took the lazy way to addressing the problem and made it infuriating to play. Weapon durability is a great idea. The problem with BOTW is there is too little durability and is inconsistent as it does not show how much you have left.
&gt;But what about settings where your weapons breaking all the time would break the immersion? More technological settings have ammo. Which makes your point moot. Durability and ammo isn't that different, in fact its durability that should last longer.
Procedural generation is something different from synergetic powers. But even No Man's Sky can be done well if they weren't stupid.
DEPENDS. In fact No Man's Sky would need simulation and game systems to work rather than more algorithms or components. Procedural Generation umbrella has very many strategies and methods but that doesn't mean they are all the same. The method I am talking about has very little to do with how No Man's Sky does things.
&gt; but I just wanted to say that this is one applications of machine learning that I'm really looking forward to. I disagree with this statement. Machine learning isn't going to help. We can achieve these things right now **and fail**. And we will continue to fail for the foreseeable future with only minor incremental improvements as developers wise up. &gt;At a certain point, if/then decision tree get too big to be reasonably designed by a human. Machine learning just provides a nice way to theoretically sidestep that issue by having it generate those trees, but the reward and utility functions those algorithms use will still be designed by humans, and they'll still need to be play tested and tweaked like games do now. That would just muddy the problem further. We have better alternatives to decision trees that aren't the complicated in the first place. &gt;I actually think it has way less to do with incompetent game design, and more a question of the fact that indie devs don't have the manpower to program super complex AIs, and AAA studios don't care because AI isn't what sells games. It's pure incompetence! They don't even understand basic simple concepts that are very easy to achieve.
Is it still strategy in real time? Then its RTS. It can have stronger economy and logistics and even more creative strategies, base building and defense. Which is precisely what was lost from those Old RTS.
**Part 2:** If the quality is the same and you spread bad rumors about the blacksmith the NPC reaction can be from not a big deal leave it up to creative "salesmanship" to big betrayal from spreading malicious rumors against the poor blacksmith and making a fool out of them. If they particularly hate the blacksmith they might even have a higher opinion of you from screwing the blacksmith. The Buying Power not necessarily needs to be in the form of gold. You can give the sword for "free" and they just have to do for you just a little thing and that comparison into gold isn't going to be as easy. Of course you can also be an actual conman, if the NPC does not have the proper skill to judge the quality of the sword you can fool them that the sword is of superior quality and without stumbling upon the evidence like having a acquaintance that he trusts or has authority that looks at the sword with the proper skill to judge it. This can go up to completely fooling them, making big promises with high value Buying Power that you aren't going to fulfill or even can't while leaving them in the dust. Every negotiation and event has a recorded history called an Event History. The Even History is a log with all the details and information for a particular case or situation. The Event History has a Level of Information that also represents the authority of that information. * The highest level of authority is the direct participants that have the full log with all the details. * The second level is the witnesses that have seen parts of the event and has some details as well as some loss and mistakes. * The third level is the investigators that have interrogated the witnesses, they might have a fuller picture of the event but can also have a lower level of authority. * The fourth level is the superiors of the investigators that can summarize and judge the major points of the event and that usually have the authority to proclamation to the public on the event. * The fifth level is localized rumors that spreads from the proclamation or from the witness to their relations. * The sixth is unsubstantiated rumors in other areas without good sources of authority. * The seventh is an aggregate set of rumors into a amorphous reputation. The higher the level of authority can generally override a lower level of authority if there is trust between characters/player and NPC but if there is contradicting evidence that trust will be betrayed which lead to a high negative reaction. You can lie and add details at any level of information, the lower the level of information the less it is believed and the easier you are the be overridden by higher level information. But the higher the authority you have the bigger the responsibility, betrayal and as a result consequence in the face of incriminating evidence. Since the Event History is a log with all the details then all the relevant evidence is also known. Of course you can hide the evidence and silence the witness, but of course all those actions are also part of the log. When you are negotiating you can use this Even History to make Points. You can freeform make any claims to any event using the scripting language. Of course that doesn't mean you are believed and the NPC will make their own judgement based on what they know, the relationships he can draw upon and his personality traits. Two NPCs judging the same event might have widely different reactions. You punching a duke in the face might build great rapport for sticking it to the man while another NPC might consider you a mad violent barbarian. The Event System is used for building your own story and narrative with your own agenda suited to the personality of NPC in the hopes of manipulating the opinion of others or your own relationship with that NPC. The NPC does this kind of evaluation whenever he stumbles on new information or evidence so in the great Chaos of the system you might not know and be able to control what a NPC stumbles upon at any given time leading to a chain of consequence. And as you can manipulate so are other competing factions with you can manipulate. ###In conclusion. The Negotiations System has the role to barter actions and values by satisfying their desires. Be a vector for a Information propagation system with the role of manipulating the opinion and relationships between characters or the player. That feeds back into the barter system in the form of bonus and penalties. Build the relationship itself between characters or the player. Becoming friends and even doing favors by valuing the friendship similarly to a desire. Or destroy those relationships between characters or player leading to conflict through betrayal or careful manipulation of information or setting up the situation towards that outcome.
If you are incompetent everything is too big. If you are competent everything is too small. What matters is only what you are going to do. If you want a online card game are you going to jump in and learn networking? If so as long as you keep at it you will succeed even if it's going to take you decades to make it. Are you going to make a fucking asteroid clone and make any excuse to not learn the shit that you need to learn? Then you will not succeed even in a century. Where there is a will there's a way. Do not discard your passion and creative spark so fast as passion is the thing that drives us through the gruntwork. Replacing that with a lesser version or even worse with complete garbage is doom. For example for prototyping a CCG you can just print it from paper and play it and experiment with your friends. Or use an engine like Tabletop Simulator to make custom cards and let that handle the online stuff while finding and building a community of players around your game to playtest with on Discord.
Every skill that you learn that isn't useful to releasing a proper commercial game is a waste. People who give advice to make small shitty games should be shot into the stratosphere. Not only should you attempt one substantial commercial game, you should attempt many. For resources you should reuse them in your projects, that might mean having a more generic artstyle, that might mean you can also buy and sell them on the asset store. But you would still have control over your own assets and make sure your projects are compatible with that artstyle. Decide on a artstyle and build projects around that. As a rule of thumb the more complex the project is the more generic assets you can make it, it is the more simple games that require more artistic artstyle to make it shine. Think more in terms of how modding works. With Early Access you can release prototypes and see what kind of games the market wants. If you are properly reusing assets you aren't going to lose anything and you just have to leave it into a stable working state for release. Do not promise many features, like a prototype, promise and develop only the features you need to experiment with and get feedback on, that is your "hook" to get traction and with that you can make a clean exit without much controversy. You can also occasionally update it to experiment with new ideas when you find inspiration. For ambitious projects Early Access is your friend, if you get traction on a prototype don't shy away from investing yourself, have a solid roadmap and dig at it until you finish. Even if the project ultimately fizzles out in the end the hope, dream and ambition as well as the constant updates will sustain the project and community that builds around it. Community is the most treasured thing you can have in the current market. The Market isn't as dumb as people think, they can see ambition and they can invest in it, they have expectations, sure, and you have to be careful about that, but they want games that have some depth in them, something more substantial, AAA games don't provide that as they are too shallow, Indie games don't provide that as they are too small, they will invest in what they want. A released game is judged on its **Quality**. A In Development game is judged on its **Potential**. They are entire fucking different Value Systems altogether! Your small shitty games won't even have a chance!
\^\^\^ This is what happens when you let the brainwashing happen.
&gt; Women in the infantry are rare but they exist. And you think they aren't handled like princesses? &gt;The US is involved in multiple wars right now. One sided wars. &gt;I see you’ve completely disregarded the original point about women in video games. It's not about women in video games, they are represented in games just fine. It's about women in **particular scenarios**.
What text based RPG's are good? I haven't heard of many. It's probably just easier to make a RPG Maker game instead.
It was clear the game was going to be microtransaction infested right from the first trailer. That's one of the reason it got so much flack.
The most efficient is Pixel Art Tilesets for environment. But not necessarily Pixel Art animations. For animation use a 2d skeletal system.
It's simple. Don't do it. If you want lootboxes you must make them at even intervals. You can separate the lootbox system from the leveling system. This is not about "designing simple experience systems", this is about being **Pure Fucking Evil**. If you want to be Evil you need to be much more smart about it and much more sophisticated.
Depends on what you want to learn. Before you learn game design you first need more experience with games. Without an anchor or reference point you are going to be much more directionless.
There isn't any easy answers. Ultimately it is based on your own judgement based on what you know and what you invision. You can share the idea around and let other people judge it. But potential is always something hard to quantify and very few times are other developers are on the same page and have the same experience needed to give useful feedback. Your best bet is to open up an avenue for a community like Discord and make very good Design Documents to the public to get people to be on the same page and give good feedback. But it would be kinda disappointing if you need to discard it after.
Why not? Just like everyone is a hero in their story, they can also be a selfish prick that does not care about other people. Tribalism is just as part of our being. As modern politics show. There is **Us** and their is **Them** the **Other**. We have no problem rooting for the evil tyrannical overlord as long as it happens to be Us.
Lua gives no fucks.
Isn't Phantom Doctrine exactly that theme?
If you wanted something gory and deadly you can theoretically simulate attacks and its effects on the body. Like cutting nerves and blood vessels, exploding organs, chopping limbs, breaking bones. The problem with this system is there is no good resolution system. Even if you introduce skill and percentage chance it's not really fair. A hitpoint system is far more fair, and especially it solves the nasty problem of healing after combat. It's all fine and dandy to make combat as gruesome as possible, but it's kinda pointless when your character is inevitably going to die after just two or three combat encounters. Any small wound can be devastating and builds up. This is why HP or some other abstraction like Guard(the ability to defend yourself) is necessary. With Guard you can technically have the gruesome combat with the power of abstraction similar to HP. That's how I'd do it. For resolution you can have combat maneuvers against other combat maneuvers. The game Shigatari and Toribash gives an idea on how that could work, but that leaves the problem of having a Rock Paper Scissors balance that can be arbitrary.
Streets of Rogue has a lot of classes like this, although it's not exactly a dungeon.
Gameplay is heavily linked to coding. But you don't need that much coding and there are engines to help you with that. If you want to focus on writing that's perfectly fine, coding is not a big deal, you learn over time as much as you need. Board games have no coding, for video games you just need to translate the rules of board games to code that's all.
The bigger issue is that Cuphead's animation is really difficult to make and you need to be talented to pull it off.
&gt; I would recommend avoiding all actual text Well yes, that's why I am looking to make it more like a game. Although text can be useful in small doses as it's easily readable compared to alien iconography. &gt;Have you looked into Renowned Explorers? It's more like a actual tactical combat with a skin, I still want them to have the purpose of a conversation system in negotiations/diplomacy and expression and stuff.
&gt; I think part of the reason the cards work so well for social encounters in Thea is because everything is about cards. I think the same social system layered on top of a traditional RPG would feel a lot more clunkier and disjointed. I am fine with it being separate. If I were to say what could be a common mechanic between them would be the job and scheduling system. Where you program the activities of the days in a week with skill growth/leveling and job results. Think Princess Maker 2 scheduling. It would be great if it could fit in into that somewhere, but I have no hope. &gt;I looked a lot at diplomacy systems from strategy games, and Crusader Kings has been particularly helpful as a reference. If I were to take it to be purely functional then I could already achieve something like that. But that would mean relationships would be much too transactional and charmless. That's no fun. &gt;Have “social currencies” that can be spent, earned, and used without being spent (e.g.: various reputation tracks, favors, Friendship, etc…). I still have PTSD whenever "mana systems" are mentioned in a Paradox game. &gt;It also systemically allows for things like conning: &gt;· Tell NPC1 give me X gold and I will give you 2 X gold in a month, &gt;· do this to NPCs 2 and 3, and use it to give the money to NPC 1, gaining reputation t trustworthy reputation.). &gt;· use the enhanced reputation to con even more people for more money. &gt;· Run away with the gold you currently have, taking a massive hit to the local reputation , and gaining animosity with the swindled. I can already do something like this with much more depth and consequences without a currency. Instead I use reputation(PR), and careful information manipulation(kill all witnesses) instead.
Check [Midboss](https://store.steampowered.com/app/561740/MidBoss/), it's a pretty interesting roguelike where you can become different creatures. &gt;That's a great idea. I wanted to move away from magic but it seems that it closes a ton of loop holes. I know mana isn't necessarily magic. Mana is the great equalizer. Passive Skills and Traits can increase the hunger cost and nutritional requirements and you might need to decay the skills to be balanced like in Ultima Online. It can act like the [Mana bar restriction of passives in Path of Exile/Diablo](https://pathofexile.gamepedia.com/Mana_reservation). So the more high level the passive skills you have the less mana you have for active skills, as well as having a higher hunger to keep your larger mana pool. It's also interesting for emigration and disruptions in the ecosystem where creatures naturally progress, evolve and emigrate to higher tier zones. Or the other way around where higher tier creatures degenerate to lower tier by being booted out of a zone.
&gt; But messing around with the flora would be an "easier" way to work with this if even for the sake of my noggin. I wouldn't recommend this. Messing with flora complicates things too much. it should be kept simple as a resource or set biomes.
&gt; Whenever I try information propagation systems they always get too bloated and unwieldy or everyone involved becomes instantly aware of something which is something I need to avoid. (I am not a good programmer). The document isn't yet finished or edited but the section on information propagation is done. https://docs.google.com/document/d/19PNLVfClJBfsFnCKT3dm8eWrrRV-tckWgpNXSTFNSd0/edit#heading=h.jb1o57e5eqvt
&gt; The most interesting thing I've found on Procedural Dialogue Generation is a PhD project called Expressionist, based on Tracery, which is another solid text procgen system. His page on it is here: https://www.jamesryan.world/projects#/expressionist/ It is no doubt a pretty hefty system but it could bridge your 'symbols' into something moderately interesting or quickly readable, I don't know, I haven't tried it myself yet. It's too on the procedural generation side, I want it more towards "game". &gt;I'm always wary of rumor systems and systems where NPCs have full autonomy because I really wonder... what prevents them from doing things that seem random and unfathomable to the player. That's not so much of a problem if its completely understandable by the player. If everything revolves around one form of character desire, then guess what? it's a desire involved. It's just making things explicit. And the bigger objective can be common to all and understood by all parties. For example in a Battle Royale it's not that difficult to comprehend that everyone wants to be the last man standing, there isn't any mystery there. AI do not need to be that advanced to be effective, there is no need for subtlety. &gt;I think a profound trade system could be interesting as a mechanic, and expanding that beyond goods to include things like loyalty, trust, envy and others when there is nothing else to trade, that could be interesting too. Already have something like that. The problem is it's too clinical by itself. What I also want is emotion, meaningful relationship building that the player cares and drama.
Maybe something like Princess Maker? Maybe Recettear? Atelier series?
It's very doable. But they tend to be boring if you do not know what you are doing with them. So keep that in mind in how to make it interesting.
Head's up! Here is what I have so far for the combat in my project: https://docs.google.com/document/d/1JMs0z4o5DBHMYYUec_jzctROMyyiFsJRCO3qmWmG3-s/edit?usp=sharing Managed to find a system that merges both Commanders, Heroes and Armies with battles at different scales.
&gt;If you are selected you will be given a small living stipend for living and relocation expenses if you live outside of Southern California. However, they will not provide travel, housing, or transportation arrangements for those selected. This should be considered some form of crime against humanity.
##Meh. You are thinking too small. Might as well start from scratch with something like Factorio,Space Engineers and From the Depths, building the industrial production and logistics from scratch yourself! Then colonize and control the whole world and its resources. Automating and using Scripting AI yourself as needed and making blueprint designs of factories that you can reuse. Then build a whole Space Empire in a X4 Foundation like game, pirating and reverse engineering technologies from other factions. As well as fighting and subjugating the known space. With economy simulation and races like in Distant Worlds. Then explore the unknown and cthulu like beings and empires based on Endgame level technologies and artifacts that you cannot even dream of. ["A True Exploration Game is User Generated."](https://www.reddit.com/r/gamedesign/comments/6q9vwo/create_game_day_6_no_mans_sky_next_2_weeks/dkvo3ev/)
It depends on how well you can translate your skills and knowledge as advantage. Like the saying says: "Write what you know." Game Design is compatible with pretty much any domain and knowledge so that's not a problem. Game Development isn't that hard to pick up if you put the effort. There are engineering games like From the Depth that might be suited to you, although they could be hard on the programming side.
It makes sense if you remove the quest journal. Back in the day we were writing our own notes. A journal usually has terrible writing in it and sometimes insults our intelligence so that's a perfect to remove it completely! Live your life free! Unshackle yourself from something that tells you what you should do. Fight the oppression that is the quest journal!
Well like Philosophers they tend to disagree with each other and rant a lot. Otherwise they wouldn't be that passionate on the topic.
Disregard Scam Console. Use Pyxel Edit to make great tileable tilesets. Insert them into [MagicaVoxel](https://ephtracy.github.io/index.html?page=mv_main). Get beautifully rendered isometric assets. Welcome to [Current Year].
Add Permadeath. Consumables are the bread and butter of surviving in any Roguelike. Or make a dungeon run have attrition, in that you don't automatically heal or recharge mana after battle. Think Darkest Dungeons. Make them Reagents and Catalysts for Spellcasting and Magical Artifacts. Mages are usually have very lousy limits when it comes to stopping the spam of high tier spells. It's usually only dependent on Mana that is plentiful and very efficient on what it gives bang for buck. Making spells costly can make mages use their whole range of spell repertoire and use a whole range of consumables available linked to those spells. It's a much better system then D&amp;D style "resting". If the game has a turn order or action system, speedy characters can have multiple turns or actions can be incentivized to use items if they don't have that powerful skills or attack damage.
Don't care.
It was a different time. A better time.
It's not about making tile maps. It's about making the tiles themselves. It makes creating repeatable tiles easy and adding variation,edges and corners. Although I hear Aseprite is going to get similar features.
Space Station 13 Gang Wars?
&gt; If I want to buy wheat, does it make any real difference if it's from an infinite supply, as opposed to a simulated economy? It matters if I just so happen to control all the wheat in the world and I am not selling it to you, now you can starve. But really you can imagine if the kingdom is dependent on breadbasket region you can do all kinds of fun stuff. Basically what a simulated economy means effectively is **simulated consequences**. Of course if your game does not implement those consequences properly all that simulation is wasted.
It's great that I am not alone in thinking about this kind of games. &gt;They can be a pawn, a knight, a chessmaster, I wasn't planning on including a "God" figure, but I suppose they could even be one of those. They are more a classification and role, you do not strictly need to use them. It just says the role of God exist as a concept.
&gt; Do you see how this can be challenging? No. Since just having some skills and traits aren't a challenge. Even if you could grind skills it wouldn't be a challenge. True sources of challenge aren't as easy to come by as you think, they don't just magically appear. If you don't carefully construct things the more likely case is that you would have no challenge. &gt;My focus for player experience isn't challenge, though. It's story. If you would do that you will get neither. The thing you have to remember not to bore the player. You aren't a book, you do not have a plot that can keep people engaged. In a book you cut all the superfluous content and only the relevant scenes with that go story beat by story beat keeping a good pacing along the way. For Sandbox Games you can't have that, especially with simulation you will have a lot of redundancy. So for games you need to have real gameplay that keeps players interested. Like I said before the equivalent for "chekhov's gun" is something like "Sid Meier's a series of interesting decisions". For your case I recommend adding some sort of dialog combat or interaction system with the NPCs built around "scenes" like in theatre. You can make the scenes text based like in MUDs maybe make it similar to Sorcery! and other CYOA games. Something like Greek oratories and tragedy storytelling could work well with your theme for a kind of combat. Also read in full my previous link, think more in terms of plots and plot threads instead of events. That might work well with your Timeline system. Also pretty much Reigns is the only game similar to yours, you better understand how it works in full. Maybe with traits,growth and characters you can add enough depth. &gt;Can I send you the prototype when I make a new build? Sure I will try it since I am interested about games like this. The thing is I have tried many Sandbox games and I am disappointed so far which is what lead to writing this article.
Well... Paradox games... *$$Catching$$ $$Catching$$*
-99. Keep it focused on the relevant community.
Sure they have potential. But I am not sure how it would work concretely. Try looking at some other card based games.
Race to the Bottom.
Maybe check out this? https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZV-4JqlB-OM&amp;list=PLOhIsUDyoViXGesuyLE__vaQ4PxVekrSf&amp;index=2&amp;t=0s
It's usually mystery that you slowly puzzle out over the course of the game.
I could probably break it into a couple of sections and make it a series. I am also thinking of putting it into a Google Doc form and spread that around.
&gt; It'll take a lot more than a couple of sections. Well topics in a section would have some connection with each other, so breaking that further misses the point. &gt;There's good discussion to be found on Reddit, but it's not an academic journal. It can be. I personally read comments here on topics that are similarly long and informative with good upvotes, so it's not like this community is against it. They just might not be used to long posts on the thread.
Well I posted in some other places also: https://www.reddit.com/r/gamedesign/comments/bxeao1/sandbox_rpg_design_analysis/
I actually like them. Compared to loot boxes or in game shops they are much better as they can still have support of a real functioning **player driven economy**. Just add permanent item durability loss and add a 50% Tax on any transactions that use the premium currency and leave the player do their own thing. Things like Chinese farmers can be undermined by requiring a real skill challenge for the crafting resources as well as bands of PVP PKrs that can target AFKrs and Bots while being easy to escape from if players just properly pay attention and play the game normally. If a Chinese farmer becomes indistinguishable from a normal player then its not a problem. Ultimately it's just an issue of balance on the efficiency of resource collection between players. Good players with good skill that can take risks should rise to the top and be properly rewarded. More casual players can substitute that for more slow and steady progress and buy gear. With an avenue towards officially authorized transactions and strict enforcement and banning of all parties that participate in unauthorized transactions. With proper logging of suspicious accounts and stinger operations and bounties against unauthorized sites the economy can be pretty healthy and protected.
&gt; If an actual player economy exists it would still work fine without the RMT. If it has player driven economy it's impossible to not have some sort of RMT or gold farming. So you might as well make it official and ban everyone else from cutting in on the profits. &gt; Crafting is always going to be bot-able. Doesn’t matter how complex you try to make it, if it doesn’t pop up a Captcha for each item it’s going to be done by bots. Although, that’s not a completely terrible idea. Crafting is trivial from the start. Resource collection is the bottleneck. &gt;Unless the only items worth anything for RMT are drops from insanely difficult dungeons where devs can track each group that completes it, the bots will find a way If the game doesn't have challenging content what is the point? &gt;For starters, bots are extremely difficult to kill compared to real players, they will bolt at top speed towards safety the second anything hostile appears on screen. They will use abilities perfectly the second they come off cooldown, and if you give real players a reasonable chance to escape an attack then bots will have an extremely high escape rate. Bots aren't human. They will have some kind of weakness or some kind of suspicious activity. Whichever the case they can be mitigated.
If people are not shamed they will not be motivated to do better. For games where their main currency is challenge it's disappointing if people don't try. How many people finally realized the enjoyment of having a good challenge in a game like Dark Souls? Even Zero Punctuation was initially had casual tastes and now he is a fan of this type of games. &gt;Putting off an aura of elitism and making some people play at a difficulty that's higher than their actual skill level, reducing enjoyment. It's pretentious prick journalists that usually have a problem with it. So on which side falls the elitism? They could do well to be more humble.
&gt; quite literally telling the player it's wrong to play that, Well they are playing the wrong way, all those mechanics and cool things you can do would be wasted without challenge. If I can push a button and win there is no reason why I should push any other button. &gt;and if that were the case: why add it in the first place? Fair point, we should have more hard games from the start.
The problem with chat bots which is what they essentially are is that they are purely reactive. They do not have any intention or substance behind what they talk, its talk for the sake of talking. Even the reaction does not have any comprehension behind it, understanding the meaning of the conversation. If there is any memorization it's only at a shallow level. Now there are ways to give true Agency to NPC characters and [that is what I hope to achieve in my project](https://www.reddit.com/r/gamedesign/comments/bxeao1/sandbox_rpg_design_analysis/). But things like machine learning will get in the way since you cannot control that well to that purpose. It's more like a Random Responses Generator instead of a Simulation of a Character.
[This might be interesting for you.](https://www.reddit.com/r/gamedesign/comments/9650z7/random_improvisational_progression/) Just add permadeath, how much overpowered abilities he can collect is up to them. Also check out Midboss roguelike.
&gt;At some point, as more casual people play games, this has to change. It's inevitable. ### Why? You clearly have no fucking relation with them so get out of the way of their fucking hobby and their own circle and community. You have your own community and developers that carter to you. They are the majority because you aren't. Once you become the majority and lavishly spend your cash then big publishers will cater to you. Just like the caters to all those sports games fans that they extract cash from.
Yes. With what laws are passed nowadays we should leave the EU before we become like China.
The problem with multiplayer strategy or management is its very difficult to synchronize the time of all the players. You would need to let the game be open where players join and leave freely, which can eviscerate any challenge in those systems it might have. So probably not a survival game. You would be better of with a coop roguelike based on a session where you can just do a dungeon run. Other then that maybe something like Space Station 13? You would need some amount of population to make it work though.
http://www.erasmatazz.com/library/science/the-phylogeny-of-play.html
##I have an Alternative Permadeath System. It is based on the concept of Classes that you can Unlock permanently for your account. Like the trials you have mentioned unlocking a class is based on some sort of challenge and achievement. There is normal leveling from 1 to 20 max level. Which can be pretty fast like 1-2 weeks playing casually. Level 20 also represents you maximum potential of that class for stats and abilities, so unlocking the next class would have a higher potential. For example a **Soldier class** might have an Attack of 120 at level 20, but a Elite **Dragon Slayer class** might have an Attack of 340, on top of more powerful abilities. But at Level 1 a Dragon Slayer would be still vulnerable and a Level 20 Soldier can still kick their ass. Higher Tier classes are also much harder to level up experience wise. Once you Unlock a class you can start again from Level 1 in that class after you permadie. Or select another class and advance the class tree of that. Ultimately it is about Unlocking every class in the game and completely all the challenges and achievements of those classes. That would also be the prestige of the player. New Higher Tier Classes and their challenges can be more easily expanded into the game over time. With completely new branches with completely different playstyle possible added.
&gt; Permadeath can retain players amazingly well if your speed of progression is balanced properly. This. You don't have to do pointless grinding as the permadeath itself make the content recyclable. The higher the Risk the higher the Reward.
Not really since I would like to see projects that take into consideration game design principles and how they affect their game.
The fundamental problem I think is that you need a lot more depth in the systems to make it work. You would at least need more complex logistics and internal economy. Another problem is that if the smaller empire is anchored to a location, then regardless of what you do to balance it the smaller empire can easily be crushed or suppressed. It think for Strategy MMOs it should be more like Mount and Blade, where smaller parties can raid and skirmish resources and fight a guerrilla warfare against a bigger party. While the bigger empire is about controlling and defending key resource generating locations have a complex logistical and production chain that can be vulnerable. The smaller parties should have hidden or moving bases where they slowly accumulate resources and progression. A bigger empire can fall by being taken down by straining themselves too much doing big moves and be slowly nibbled by ants until it completely collapses. The bigger more advanced empires might also have a high upkeep cost in terms of resource and product demands in order to be maintained. Like the population requiring a high amount of rare and luxury resources while the smaller parties might require more basic and readily available resources making them more efficient. This can make bigger empires vulnerable to supply disruption and production chain sabotage. In other words you need to make the game economy wise more like Vicky 2.
I think with Patreon you need to provide some form of concrete value on a regular basis. Maybe releasing the art assets and prototype source code could be something like this? At least that's what I am planning if I did a Patreon thing. The nifty things about you can get content behind exclusivity time until you releases it to the public. So you can monetize updates while still showing things to the public.
**It's pointless to argue.** It all boils down to naked envy and misandry. Stopping the "Male Gaze" for looking at things and comparing them to their ugly ass. Especially if they happen to have SJW Social Activism Powers and be Ugly.
Wait. It's only mobile? Why? Fuck.
&gt; Emergence by itself may be meaningless and inconsistent, however a good design does NOT use Emergence by itself, but is designed with it in mind. Completely agree! It uses Progression together with Emergence. Progression is the fundmental drive while Emergence is the variation. &gt;I can play for roleplay and slef expression without progression. It does not even have to be about you directly. The World itself can require Progression. Just because you aren't Playing to Win does not mean AI's shouldn't. But you will be at the mercy of the consequence on how they shape the world. Progression is fundamental to a Sandbox World.
####Is **Permadeath.** The faster MMOs finally implement Roguelike mechanics the sooner MMOs will be "fixed".
Isn't that cheating? Besides most combat systems aren't that elegant in the first place. The challenge is also in adapting and hacking your way out of a situation.
Pretty interesting so far. The limited skills and disables sounds like a decent gimmick for the combat. The problem with the multipliers however is that results are inconsistent. You are either doing jack shit damage to the enemy or you stack enough multipliers that you completely nuke it in one attack. There is no **atricition over time**, the combat becomes exclusively about setting up this stacks as well as defending yourself from enemy stacks. You could try to work with that, it's certainly different than your average combat, but it will be inconsistent. I think it's similar to what happens in CCGs at the end game where if you have the right combinations and synergies between cards you can stack things towards OHK(One Hit Kill).
Lock on target?
That would just add some timing element to actions. But the problem with this system is you're using single actions that are resolved. Which brings use back to need some kind of balance/cooldown system. The nice thing about AP is it regenerates fully per turn so all tactical options are available every turn.
&gt; It's a simple system that you fully understand, so is it cheating to have that prepared mentally before hand? Yes. Because you could have worked on a design for 5 years that happened to be suitable for a game jam,which defeats its purpose. A Game Jam is a from scratch creation with a burst of constrained creativity and on a limited time period with the ability to easily discard the project afterwards. Of course nothing is stopping you for bringing your knowledge with you. Game Jams are already about creating a prototype.
&gt; I believe you are neck-deep in Dunning-Kruger effect, A nice way to say you are much smarter and know better, **you don't.** Where is **YOUR EVIDENCE** that I am wrong? &gt;So, which is it? Can your theoretic True Sandbox satisfy anyone or can it not? What I am saying it can satisfy much more players **than You can.** &gt;Proteus Absolutely! I remember seeing that game. Complete Modern Art Hipster trash. Dear Esther at least had the excuse of a badly written narrative.
I would love to see how a combat prototype works.
You can maybe do this on the level of pixels, like Cortex Command. Material simulation with arbitrary volumes might be possible.
Steal.
Yes but doing things randomly is a complete waste. You need to have something you work towards. &gt;The issue with a large scope is that you don't learn your limits. "Scope" is also completely debatable, what would be impossible in a 3D game could be trivial in a text based/menu based system. Things like artstyle and content types aren't that set, you can change and adapt while maintaining the same kind of goals,direction and ambition. There are also a lot of tricks you can pull off to makes things **cheap** that you might stumble upon or learn, or "complexity" that you can find abstractions to like in Board Game Design. My problem with this kind of advice from /r/gamedev is ultimately you are getting in the way of developers that can adapt and are competent. If all this whining were true no successful Indie Game would be made. I have no admiration or faith in "Game Developers" here, with how the state of Indie Game on Steam and what projects are occasionally crop up here it does not impress me. You aren't guaranteed success even if you release 10 projects. If you fail you are just another number, a statistic. You cannot even make judgements on a Beginner. You do not know if they are a Veteran Competitive Street Fighter player, you do not know if they played every strategy wargames imaginable, you do not know what kind of weird games they have played that nobody heard. You do not know if they are an artist that can draw with an interesting aesthetic. That informs their tastes, it informs their design, it informs their ambition, it informs their advantages and adaption. You also do not know what they might stumble in the future, if the think and seek to make a thing work.
I don't think reddit is good for brainstorming. Maybe Discord would be better.
&gt; There are too many different templates out there. Completely worthless boilerplate. Don't use them if you don't want to bore people to death. Boilerplate is like cliches, if you have nothing interesting, original or important to say, don't say it.
There have been Minecraft clones with a more detailed terrain or better graphics. But they didn't have the functionality of Minecraft, and even if they did so what? It doesn't matter. No Man's Sky is already an amazingly beautiful shallow boring game. Minecraft like games do have a lot of potential that is underutilized, but few people understand how to use it effectively.
There are things that matter,and things that don't matter. What you achieve as a developer is actually pretty impressive. But what is the gameplay? What is the depth a player explores of your game? Let's take your Survival Sim vs my old [Spore Roguelike post](https://www.reddit.com/r/gamedesign/comments/6otxbv/create_game_day_5_spore_roguelike_next_week_no/dkk6i5b/). What is my game about? It's about hunting and combat with RPG like abilities and progression and evolution with a creature editor. [Midboss](https://store.steampowered.com/app/561740/MidBoss/) is also a similar game to this. But what it doesn't have? It doesn't have 3D with complex rigging and animation like in Spore and Overgrowth with a 3D creature editor. If it was 2D it would be just as fine. It does not have beautiful and lush 3D environment, or even a 3D Minecraft environment. If you compare it to your project, you are 3D, you have beautiful environment, but it's not that important. Evolution of creatures and animation would be important, but even Spore that had that to an amazing extent failed. What is really important is the hunting, it's the combat, it's the challenge against other creatures and abilities, it's the eating and evolving and progressing, it's about looping back into hunt,combat,eat, it's about adapting to the environment and other creature encounters and thriving, it's about advancing to the next stage and tackling even bigger challenges with even greater power. What you have with your projects is great in terms of production, but you need to find a way to adapt your project to have great gameplay and depth. Roundabout is a great car puzzle game, Crazy Taxi is a classic, Carmageddon, or other arcade style racers. You have a rewind thing, find out how to use it,maybe copy some design from Braid.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dbAmCtJVBIQ&amp;list=PLZQDJJp3vTmB6awcmhFc9V6HG2bd9vofo https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HR8EmTyJz9A&amp;list=PLZQDJJp3vTmB6awcmhFc9V6HG2bd9vofo&amp;index=14
Antagonists from Space Station 13 are great tool for drama. It gives an excuse to player to make chaos while still keeping things controlled to reasonable amounts through the objective design.
That's not really true. The work of a master is to miss it even when you see it. Especially for things like technology. Our universe isn't random, our physics isn't random so it's very possible for a guy in a basement to independently discover something you want to keep secret. To bury that you need to create your own "guys in the basement" and discredit them. The same with history, to have history is to leave evidence. You do not control what people might stumble upon and what conclusion they might draw in their mind. So they make their own history. The Truth is close by but always out of reach.
Not OP but. I think the major draw is the Open World exploration and preferably dynamic world. Also having population centers and social interaction with NPCs can go a long way. Dungeons are kinda claustrophobic and devoid of any NPCs, there isn't much social drama there.
Check my post if you are interested in something like that: https://www.reddit.com/r/gamedesign/comments/bxeao1/sandbox_rpg_design_analysis/
I tried to distill what is a [Dynamic World RPG](https://www.reddit.com/r/gamedesign/comments/bxeao1/sandbox_rpg_design_analysis/)
Reminds me of [my old post](https://www.reddit.com/r/gamedesign/comments/835jhz/the_easy_guide_to_procedurally_generated_plots/).
No. Permadeath should bless everyone equally. Survival of the fittest.
Regret.
Just add good light rendering and maybe some material shaders and miracles will happen.
Use this [three step process](https://www.reddit.com/r/gamedev/comments/720uec/balancing_tricks_and_advice/dnfh9to/) if you have progression. Sirlin's articles on balance are also good. But ultimately balance is an iterative process that takes time. You also aren't going to solve everything at once and good creative solutions takes a lot of thinking,experimenting [and time](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Pb5oIIPO62g).
This is a kind of response post to this [Thread](https://www.reddit.com/r/MMORPG/comments/c69k5y/challenges_with_designing_sandbox_style_mmorpgs/),
I don't like CoE implementation of it. Especially being pay2live that will completely kill the game. Hopefully they will tweak it a bit.
Can I interest you in our Lord and Saviour, **Permadeath**?
That how basically Expansions work in Themepark MMOs. The problem is that content is going to be immediately exhausted. Even if Content is Procedurally Generated and Infinite the Progression remains FINITE. In other words some outcomes and mechanics simply become **Obsolete**.
Fair reaction for Germany to crush them in revenge.
Just because you die doesn't mean you can't have fun. What if you played a Monster against Hero Players? You would still inevitably die killed by heroes, but wouldn't be fun to be like a Boss? There is so much you can do if you shift your perspective a bit. A less stagnant and rigid world and more dynamism and surprises.
The point I am making is even if you can have it the problem will remain.
&gt; "damage" data be a mask It's clear if you look at the trailer that is how most of the destruction works. Although there might be also breaking into different independent pieces.
It depends on the context of the situation. You cannot pay if you don't have a economy anymore. Nor is paying a bad thing in itself.
Read it later ;) it has some nice stuff like that.
&gt;which means that the exploration element It's not based on exploration. It's more based on personal achievement. Just like any other MMO out there. Besides you can have a much more dynamic world that can help explorers and roleplayers. For example the Antagonists/Villain Classes I mentioned that have their own objective and is like a dynamic event happening, only it just happens to be controlled by a player. You never know what things are happening in the world. Maybe there is a Mad Scientists type Villain with his own secret base that can send all kinds of weird monsters to attack players. Wouldn't that be interesting for discovery and RP style players? The fact that things live and die means the world is ever shifting and nothing is completely set.
Tell that to Battle Royale games. 30+ per match, only a few survive. Dying isn't anything new in games. Roguelikes and Survival Games already exist and are pretty popular.
If you reincarnate your new class it isn't that big of a deal anyway.
&gt; Two, while all progression is technically finite, it can be made practically infinite. The original Lineage is the best example - released in 1998, yet no one ever reached the maximum level because of the way the XP scaling works. It took two years of grind just to get from 86 to 88. You miss the point. The problem is the majority of the population is still going to be 80+ level and effectively at max level.
&gt; People play RPG (MMO and singleplayer) to connect / develop their character. your idea strips that. &gt; &gt; They enjoy grinding and seeing the characters power increase. They also play Roguelikes and enjoy them just fine. I completely agree that progression is great, but permadeath is also great. &gt;so your game doesn't really succeed at one thing. &gt;If i want to play permadeath quick matches i'll play a different game. &gt;If i want to build a character i'll play a different game. Yes but those game are not a Dynamic Sandbox World with interesting emergent content and intricate social interactions. There has been Space Station 13 that works like this and you just need to scale that up to make an interesting Sandbox game. **Nobody** provides the kind of experience that SS13 can provide. To the point that you can consider all other MMOs abysmal when analyzing their social interactions.
&gt;Then there are stories to tell about which gods to kill, and why, and the consequences. Whether your godlike powers lead to you being loved or feared, worshiped or reviled. Ok. So you do that. What then? You kill one God, you kill two Gods? How many Gods are you going to kill before you are completely bored and throw the "story" and GM into the trash?
Does resources exist in your game? Does crafting exist in your game? If not why would Players fight each other? How would resources be meaningful? How would wealth be meaningful if you cannot buy anything that has any value? Progression as a Motivator isn't as simple a thing as you think. And if Players have all options at the start what is stopping them from finding Meta-Strategies from the start and spreading them on the wiki? Power Difference is present in basically any game even if its not explicit in gear and skills.
&gt; remains to create individualized challenges and puzzles that most people will engage with and that cannot be solved by using a walkthrough. You don't need individualized challenges. You just need challenges/achievements that have good design.
It more depends more on the control scheme. If it has RTS controls where you click to move then auto-attacks makes sense.
&gt; I certainly know I'm not interested in grinding for three weeks every time I get ganked. Heck, even if the pvp is good, I still end up dying many times an hour. ​What is **Grinding** and what is a **Enjoyable Leveling Experience**? Why is the end more important than the destination? The majority of MMOs are about grinding for gear, this changes that to have meaningful leveling progression. Do you really enjoy grinding for that stupid 1% drop than leveling which you can be in much more control and can have actual risk and reward? Permadeath is a big risk, it would be more terrifying than a horror game, but the achievement and reward in unlocking the next class can be just as big and satisfying. Look at Dark Souls. Players don't mind a challenging experience if it has good pace, good design and is fair. Experience can also be tweaked, maybe it can be 2 weeks, maybe it can take 1 week, there will eventually be a balance that is just right. &gt; It's about taking part in a dynamic world. You cannot have that without Power Differentiation(aka Progression). You need to Win some,you need to Lose some, Empire Rises, Empire Falls, you become King, you get assasinated and become a Peasant. &gt;The gameplay loop continues so long as there are people There is no reason for people to fight in stagnant world without some form of progression. &gt;resources Means crafting, means another form of progression. &gt;economics Means wealth, means things of Value, means differences between the Value of things, means another form of Progression. &gt;but since it relies on players not developers, The content can be user generated and effectively infinite. But progression is always Finite. If you have differences in power you have some sort of progression and some content becomes obsolete. And increasingly obsolete over time. &gt;I do agree that games need risk and loss, however. I would like to see players drop their inventories on death. That's one way to handle it. And I do like the idea of Permanent Item Durability Loss. But stuff will still be accumulating in the economy and bank inventories. &gt; Factions can be created and destroyed; enemy factions will hunt you down. The problem with Faction PVP is eventually one will become too powerful pretty rapidly and suppress all others, which leads to stagnation. You need the ability to assassinate the leader and a complex web of inheritance and ownership to balance them and make the world more dynamic.
If you really have a good idea you stop worrying about being first and start worrying about not having enough predecessors in the genre to steal from. If your project isn't endlessly expandable through DLC and sequels then it's not a good idea in the first place. Look at how AAA studios keep milking the same game, or how Paradox releases endless amounts of DLC.
I think RPG Maker is fine as a engine but the game ar unmarketable. Now without a complete overhaul of the assets and mechanics.
More specifically what we need is Publishers that have a variety of titles coming out of different genres and not focusing on just one fps.
https://www.reddit.com/r/gamedev/comments/77ebgc/a_6page_discussion_on_tycoon_game_design_warning/ https://www.reddit.com/r/gamedesign/comments/5yc8vu/thoughts_on_adventure_managment_games/dep8rhb/ https://www.reddit.com/r/gamedev/comments/75z0dt/looking_for_ideas_for_a_econ_trading_game/doawibk/ https://www.reddit.com/r/truegaming/comments/5zp69i/what_is_the_future_of_citybuilding_genre_on_your/dezz34u/
&gt; has a ranked mode Means the game is already doomed.
From what I remember it just replaces your underutilized skill with the skill you train. So everything remains balanced to the same total.
&gt;Make something with the scope of say... Flappy Bird. It's amazing that people recommend that with a straight face. I mean how fucking dumb can you be? Flappy Birds is NOTHING without Pewdiepie, and catering to the whims of Streamers is a recipe for a disaster. And you want a fucking team be motivated based on that? &gt;Minimal scope. 2D RPG scope is too high. RPGs require a lot of content design regardless of visual format, which is... Very grindy work. With a team a RPG is fine. The most fundamental aspects that makes a popular game is combat and story. The only thing about RPGs to keep in minds is that it cannot be RPG Maker assets, so it's pretty demanding on having a unique artstyle with custom assets in order to sell. Especially if they go more towards the Anime spectrum.
&gt; It's leaning more towards a dark and dreary storyline rather than anime based though. That's fine as long as your are doing your market research.
&gt; Point is we don't have money to spend on marketing, Nobody does. As a Indie you are dependent on word of mouth, streamers, youtubers and having pretty screenshots on your steam page.
&gt; Art questions are better for an art group; again, not game design questions. Artstyle and scope is still part of game design. Parts that comes together to make a whole is game design. Decisions that make a game successful is game design.
Your welcome. You don't need to be in this Industry.
&gt; They're students. That's precisely when they have the opportunity. A team of random strangers is much worse to the point that is unworkable. &gt;They're not going to make a commercially viable product regardless of what they do. There are real Games from student projects. &gt; But a shipped product is pretty golden regardless of commercially viability. A team has the leeway in content production to more easily provide value in a commercial product. They also have the responsibility to make it work.
Literally look at Dragon Cliff. It's an adventure management game that works exactly like that.
There is a whole Genre called God Games that are all about creation and its relation to people or creatures.
&gt; I can't believe that's literally true as I think Crusader Kings has, Crusader Kings has the same appeal as The Sims with some overlap between the playerbases. How is that not casual as fuck? There isn't much in terms of hard hitting strategic choices. Most of the things are driven through events not simulation so any depth is only at the surface level. &gt;Over in /r/4XGaming, conversation about what players actually seem to want, is a competent AI rather than a ludicrous AI. To have AI is to have Strategies to think through in the first place. You need Depth in the possibility space. If all there is is who becomes the biggest blob first then talk about AI is moot. Whether it's the Player or AI who is reaches first they are both wrong. If the Player has the advantage he can steamroll everything. And if the AI has advantage the Player needs to exploit and break every system to match it.
Not even that. The nation is what is protecting their Patents and China doesn't even give a shit. If they think this is Free Market then China will show you what is Free Market.
Sense deprivation is unappealing. So Nope from the start.
There might still be watermarks that are kept between formats in small things. Like having small offsets between 3 vertex that gives a key using a special algorithm which is pretty much undetectable. Or it could be vertex colors, or normal offsets. Have a nice Paranoia day!
I don't think Reddit is the answer. For a small community you would be better of with Discord. &gt; If it's not supposed to be said, it's not gonna get said. Enjoy! What will result is nobody being there. /r/gamedesign isn't that good not because posts are not on topic. The problem is more fundamental, there is just not much discussions overall and the users aren't on that level. In fact nowadays it's much more lively then before means we are barely getting the ball rolling.
&gt; This is not a certainty. I'm not sure why a generation of respondents talks like it's a foregone conclusion. Because it has been done before: https://www.reddit.com/r/crpgdesign/ &gt;Who are people who have actual wisdom and experience to contribute to discussions. That implies they exist in the first place. If the forum is old the youth might have gained experience and become old but the more likely case is that they did nothing. &gt;They're either satisfied with things as they are now, or they're lurkers. If a subreddit is growing too slow the more likely case is the old just disappeared. &gt; However, there are still a lot of posts I wouldn't want to deal with. I practiced on it for about a week. Then I concluded, this spread of posts isn't going to change, and I will never be "my best self" responding to them. That's the moment at which I decided to cough up the forum and commit to it. The problem is not that. The problem is the fundamental problem of Reddit. There are actually plenty of good topics on Reddit or even in this Subreddit. But nobody will notice them, the only way to know is if you actively Search for them. But once a Topic has been around for a couple of days it is over. The only ones still around to discuss it is those who saw it and participated in the first place. Once it's been a month it's dead, new comments aren't going to keep it to the top. 6 months and its archived. The only way to continue the discussion is to repeat the topic. And if the initial poster didn't get much discussion from it he would wonder what is the point? If he did get something he would consider that it's already the best he is going to get. You would need a completely new person out there to repeat it. But **high quality topics**? That is the rare of the rares! The problem with your new subreddit is **This**. Even if you are going to get a burst of topics initially they will die down and be archived. Especially with a limited userbase. Even if it's more experience there can have wildly different knowledge. Those who know action games don't necessarily know the concepts from strategy or RPGs. And those topics will **Never** be **resumed** and developed. And those topics will eventually run out and the poster will be disappointed. Why bother? Reddit needs a large population of users to work. This is why I keep saying **make a fucking Discord** instead. Even some channels and Pins are better than **This Shit**!
&gt; It didn't have the carrying capacity for a narrow area of game design. Not shocked. Having a narrow area you think is worse when it's in fact better. The people there have at least the basic expertise and interest in the Genre. Your subreddit will be much more unfocused. Excessive moderation isn't good either. I will give you a month until your subreddit is dead. Then you can just make a fucking Discord as you should in the first place.
&gt; generally toxic place It's an overblown meme. /r/gamedesign isn't that toxic. What you are confusing is how fundamentally Reddit works and making it the userbase fault. Since the problem is Reddit itself not the people you aren't going to solve it. Thus you will fail.
There were exodus and bannings on basically ALL gaming forums. Even fucking 4chan was undermined. &gt;Nobody's been spitting on male what-you-call "SJWs" in the game industry. The industry is already undermined. There is some topics you can't discuss and some narratives you can't escape from.
Here is the thing. You might think you are not related and that they can't affect you and that you think you agree with them. But they can. Especially **You**. You are like Me, you have your own opinions and don't take any bullshit from anyone. Once you don't perfectly align with their narrative your head will be on their chopping block. And it's inevitable that you will eventually disagree with them. Since they are out to destroy this medium.
&gt;My cultural kung fu is legion. Nobody can guilt trip me about the Aztec Empire either. Yet identity politics are in bed with muslims. How does that make sense? It was never about making the world a better place and helping people. It was always about their ideology that makes them feel good with righteous and tearing people down because of their envy, jealousy and wretchedness. I am not a fan of Capitalism either, just like I am not fan of Communism or Religion. We are fucked whatever we do or believe. My belief is that the only time we are going to have any decency and morals is after the apocalypse.
You are better of doing it yourself. Look at some GDC and stuff.
Systems that give rise to emergence can be funny. They can generate **surprise** and their logic can be convoluted enough to give rise to pretty absurd situations. Something like Untitled Goose Game pretty much works like this.
If you analyze it, management games can be boiled down into 4 aspects: **Depth of Simulation.** How complex are the simulation models and what results you gain as consequence for your decisions. The more depth in the simulation models the more varied ways to optimize depending on the situation. **Challenge/Objectives.** This goes together with the simulation models. It's about setting up challenges and situations, problems to solve. Zachtronics are the best example of systems with challenging problems although it's not the City Builder Genre. If the Simulation Models are good enough then you can setup Problems on that level. **Progression.** Unlock more stuff, make the numbers go up. This is usually seen in Idle Games and are a symptom of bad management games without the simulation depth. But Progression isn't bad in itself, it can be a powerful motivator and rewards for doing challenges. **Creative Designs.** Some are more pure Creative Sandbox without much depth in systems. Something like Planet Coaster doesn't have much depth behind it or restrictions. They just let your creativity run wild. City Skylines is similar. There isn't much point to efficiency since the city will still mostly work even in bad conditions.
&gt; what would you replace them with for a city builder? That's the million dollar question. City Builders are highly dependent on their simulation models. I know the old Simcity used Urban Planning Theory for their simulation models. While City Skylines has complex traffic simulation going for it. It's not that easy to come up with a good simulation model. Heck the Anno series is all based on progression, not that much different than Idle Games, with the only complexity is that you need to setup distribution of resources all over the map. And I am more likely to use Progression by itself also.
Talking about the original SimCity or Civ1 is completely pointless. I don't know why you bring it up. &gt;Transportation networks are a big deal. So if a game skips that, at least nowadays it would be pretty shit. It's not like they were doing nothing with roads. It's just that aesthetics didn't align, and the system might not be as good. SimCity 4 had the Rush Hour expansion that fleshed it out a bit. City Skylines had a lot of iteration with Cities in Motion series to get it right. And Simcity is a much better city builder than them anyway as a game rather than a sandbox.
&gt; Because you talked about "the old" SimCity and it's logical to think that means the original SimCity. How is that logical? Simcity 3000 is Ancient by current sensibilities. 90% of people in here probably never even heard of it. Zeus is from the 2000. Simcity 3000 is from 1999. Yet you keep talking about Zeus or SMAC.
&gt; Zeus and SMAC are rather modern on that timescale. That's a 20 year difference to calling it modern. Heck even FarmVille can be considered old nowadays.
Every system that governs an activity needs to have depth and lead to interesting consequences. They also need to provide challenge to the player that they can overcome with their skill. That is the definition of fun. Fun is also not boring.
There is nothing that is stopping you for jumping right in, finding a project, trying and gaining experience. All that you need you can learn. However you do need to invest yourself in learning and putting effort into the project. &gt;pretty good at game design, You are probably pretty garbage at everything. But like I said that doesn't matter.
As long as it has Permadeath.
It's not that I think light based healing should not have tradeoffs. My point is to really fix the issue you need to give the other elements more support roles in different ways. Light also needs an additional role, like anti-undead or something. **Efficiency** is **efficiency**. It either is or it isn't. Light can be the most efficient healing type as long as the other elements have their own efficiency in something else, like buffing or defense. It's only with this kind of considerations between elements can you make things viable. Do I need this more or is that good enough for the mission? But it also has that as an advantage so does it make it worth it?
There are no games that were first to use a mechanic. Only games that hidden well the sources they borrowed from.
If light healing is like you said having some trade off. And there is another element that is equally viable for healing, but in addition let say it also has some good buffing ability. Then Golly Gees! **Light** is completely **Obsolete.** You need to balance things in relation to the other elements to make it viable. The only way to make it work is to have another element that has the same duplicate role of healing and nothing else. Which is completely pointless. You cannot balance things only though penalties and disadvantage you need to give additional advantages and roles.
Did roguelikes teached you nothing? Just because you start from level 1 doesn't mean you can't cram progression into everything. &gt;dungeons, raids, You can still do them. You just have to work for them with player skill.
Look at Dominions magic system, it is based on elemental gems that is used as resources to power rituals and craft artifacts. Heroes of Might and Magic you also need to research and explore for spells. You can give the magic regents some rarity like being enchantment drops from Path of Exile, if you can use them for spells with more permanent effects.
&gt; Dominion The strategy game. Search Dominions 5. That is the latest in the series. &gt;Heroes of Might and Magic looks interesting, What you need to know about it is you can gain spells by exploring the world. There are building in the world that give spells. Usually Magic in Strategy games are more of a High Tier Strategic level than the common spellcasting you see in RPGs. So if you want magic to have great consequences and costs that is it.
I had a system in mind for a completely logical procedural scientific magic. If you analyze the basic elements and processes as well as inspiration from fantasy books, then all crafting,alchemy and magic all boils down to: Input -&gt; Process -&gt; Output. For example you can have: * Energy Generators: Body Souls Gateways Rituals Sacrifice Ambient Area Mana Magical sites/leylines * Storage: Body Gems Potions * Conduits to distribute: Master/slave channels Relay spires/towers Wands/Staffs/Gems/Ink Pacts **Process** is where you can have skills, recipes, mini-games that modify and transform the input. Skyrim has Ingredients with different properties but what if those can be changes through alchemical processes and catalysts? Like Fire + Ice can generate Steam? Skyrim Alchemy works mostly by Input and Skill levels for its potency, but has no Process to change and modify fundamentally. What if there are regents that can reverse it? Turn Fire into Ice? Turn Flying into Gravity? **Output** can also have some random procedural stats like how equipment is generated in a RPG. maybe that can be saved as a Recipe and improved.
* A True **No Man's Sky** is User Generated. I was thinking about what would be the Best Design for a **Space Exploration Game**. So I was thinking about a No Man's Sky Procedural Universe together with a Death Stranding style Multiplayer. Players will construct their own AI Empires with a Factorio and Infinifactory resource,factories and logistics that automatically build Space Engineers style costume Space Ships. The more deeper towards the Galaxy Core the more high tier resources and technologies, with the AI Empire there being the ones who survived all other challengers. A player can explore the universe and customize his flagship with the components he discovers or can focus on his AI Empire. Since it's already AI driven it can be shared to other players as a challenge they can fight against for its technology and resources. * [Spore Roguelike](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1GsDhFxWoJo7D7PHDLpRe0OZ2q61OcACVYLCCkZCpVwM/edit?usp=sharing). * A Martial Arts Sandbox RPG. Basically a better version of Dwarf Fortress Adventure Mode Combat, procedural martial arts skills with elemental types and the timing elements from John Wick Hex. With the goal being to win a 10 Year Tournament and train the next generation of disciples for the next one. * An Adventure Management Sim like Epic Tavern and the like. The adventure management aspects of Darkest Dungeons and The Guild 2. And a real time AI driven combat based on Disgaea. * A Dungeon Keeper based MMO. User Generated Dungeons that compete against other dungeons and the adventurers that challenge them. With a popularity system that generates resources based on how many adventurers challenge it. But also Risk of damage and death if the Dungeon is successfully Conquered. * A Roguelike MMO with User Generated Cities and Community Progression. Think Buildings and Units in a RTS game but instead they Unlock Playable Classes for players after death. The more city development the Higher Tier Classes available. 20 levels max with much faster progression pace. * A Semi-Permadeath **Moonlighter** style game where you sell to other players and gain Gold you can use in your next life, as well as some idle elements that increases your after death gold. Also Breath of the Wild Durability System. **If you want details on any of them I have notes for them.**
I wish I could see more games like that. There are a wide variety of combat systems as well as ideas for training systems so I don't think Domina's existence is that big of a deal.
[Wildermyth](https://store.steampowered.com/app/763890/Wildermyth/) [Thea: The Awakening](https://store.steampowered.com/app/378720/Thea_The_Awakening/)
&gt; School life adventure academy where you build your character class by going to classes. I am actually looking for mechanics like that. Especially if they are systemic like The Sims instead of scripted events. I would be interested to know more.
&gt; I make these for myself so I'll remember the idea I had, so it might not be detailed enough for a outsider to fully be able to interpret it. I work similarly so I can usually read between the lines. I don't like boilerplate anyway. Do you have a repository for them? I can give them a look and maybe give some comments if they are interesting.
So basically the Atelier Series? Also had an idea for a Roguelike Multiplayer Moonlighter. Basically a player is both a seller,adventurer and crafter. And based on the Gold generated in a run you can use it to buy perks and stuff for your next life as well as equipment from other players to get you started.
**I don't like the hierarchy at all.** The most Deep Combat System is only possible with enemies that Coordinate and Synergize with each other. That is the only way harvest the power of combinations, emergence and situations. The problem of Bosses is they are singular individuals by themselves and are dependent on whatever patterns and attacks the developers **explicitly scripted**. Cannon Fodder enemies are just a waste of potential.
&gt; Your final "boss" is just 12 warriors with spears This is wrong. They need to have different weapons and skills. Then proceed to kick ass. The player will be fucked. Every warrior will have their own pattern that combines with each other for billions of permutations.
&gt; Real spearmen can most definitely defeat a soldier in real plate armor. What are they going to do? Poke me to death?
&gt; Do you really know this little about real combat? I actually have been researching HEMA for a combat system. You would have more of a point if they had daggers and would just pile on and wrestle. But spears are completely useless. Beside you can grab a spear and use it against them. It basically depends how quickly you can kill them before they pile on you. The thing is nobody wants to win the death lottery first so you can still threaten them. Control the area, don't get surrounded, terrorize them.
You are not being very objective. Anyone can pull a narrative out of their ass on how a dirty farmer with a staff can slay 100 man company because of ~~Mary Sue~~ Rey plot armor. To be objective you need to see what are the advantages plate armor brings and how you can use it for your situation. &gt;Fighting multiple attackers is not easy, it takes a lot of skill. Without tremendous skill you will most definitely die. That is one consideration, but it's not even the biggest consideration. Having plate armor or not is a much bigger factor. &gt;most of those spears can be brought to bear on you at the same time. So? They can poke me to their heart's content. I WANT them to be at range. In fact them keeping their spears and not dropping them to the ground is their biggest psychological mistake. I can pick them off while they do stupid shit that don't do anything. &gt;You aren't going to terrorize anybody. This is a boss fight, not 12 mooks. We are still using realistic rules, a spear to the skull is one down. People still have a survival instinct and do not want to be the sacrifice. &gt;This is a boss fight A boss implies also the challenger that can match it.
Then why I are you blaming me? It's /u/bvanevery that brought up realism.
&gt; Do you have a basic understanding of human evolution, Well yes that's why Plate Armor was invented. &gt;you don't know anything about grappling at all. Oh! So you finally agree to throw your stupid spears and use your hands! &gt;The spear is an extension of the reach of the hand, a distance tool. Nevermind. Sigh.. A Spear is not grappling, it may be tripping but it is not grappling. ##Also you didn't answer. With your 999 years oh badass martial arts you still didn't tell me what you would do if you were in the position of the one with plate armor against the spearmen. If you honestly acknowledge that you would cradle down to the ground and cry that I will give you that win.
The problem with having the same enemy is you are going to do the same strategy over and over again to take them down. It would have the same weakness and the same counters. That's why variety and combinations can lead to more interesting situations.
Yes but on the other hand with Sony they got millions of dollars that Indies can't dream off.
Nope, that sounds like you are being **delusional**. But it's fine to have some confidence in the project. &gt;but is overhyping your own project something to be avoided? Hype is exciting other people and is part of marketing, so hype till your heart's content. Indie Games tend to not have much Hype behind it so if you think your project has the qualities to generate hype that's great. Although Hype has its own expectations and responsibility.
On top of the wiki stuff also: Advanced Game Design: A Systems Approach
##I don't like the Escapism angle. I don't think academics understand the nature of experience and its relation to fiction. Escapism is just something they decided fiction is about since all fiction can be considered not part of reality/fake. Which I consider a brain dead approach. They constructed a definition that represents it's separation to reality and fakeness and then begin to analyze it as a given. Storytelling and Myths far predate even Civilization and has nothing to do with the mundane corporate jobs and "modern life" that Escapism is supposedly saving us from.
http://www.erasmatazz.com/library/the-mind/history-of-thinking/contents.html There. Proven wrong. There are a lot of concepts, structures and observations that didn't exist and took time to learn that you need in order to think like a modern man.
https://www.reddit.com/r/gamedesign/wiki/index
They changed the normals.
**The problem is you do not have good Escape options.** Simply put not all encounters you can win. Stealth and Scouting for Information is usually useless or just relegated to Assasiantations. Skyrim has so much magic, items, traps, AI that you could be very creative if they let you bypass, misdirect or escape. If Escape is an option than every encounter is on the table. Traditional Roguelikes usually have this kind of dynamics as you need to analyze the situation and what can you handle and what items you can use. &gt; I suppose you could lock the use of weapons behind a certain level like in Fallout 76, but then what would be the point of an unleveled system? Balance is balance. It's not impossible for a player to find ways to steal something if it exists and they can. If it has a durability system like Breath of the Wild maybe that doesn't matter. But you probably want to have some trade offs so that the rest of your content remains relevant.
&gt;After all, it is widely accepted that even if something isn't good, **Who decided that FNAF isn't good?** It is very well done and pretty much a revolution in the genre. People tend to dismiss Jump Scares but in horror games the player's death and monsters are a really big problem to the point that they are pretty much broken if they don't fear death. Jump Scare target the instinctual lizard brain and pretty much always work if you are in tension and focus. This might not be understood completely just from watching other people play. &gt;Question 1: When are new mechanics considered "new"? You are missing something simple, especially if you are analyzing player experience. When they are starting out the player **does Not know the Rules.** It really does not matter what the Rules are, just that the player initially doesn't know them and the possibility is there that they miss a factor and that what the rule truly is, might be different than what the player think it is. FNAF nowadays are known games, and so are its Rules. But when it's first released it is completely a different experience since they did not know. Think what if the Rules have some procedural generation? What if they had some small variation? **It is also why FNAF can have so many Sequels.** In fact they can pretty much have infinite sequels. They work because player want that initially unknown experience. The experience is consumable. Even if you were spoiled in the first one, there were a lot of sequels to try that experience. &gt;Question 2: How can we build lore/themes through mechanics? You are missing the greatest thing FNAF achieved with its Lore. It is basically a **Community Experience.** Think like watching and discussing **Seasonal Anime** or a good Television Series like **Breaking Bad**. It's all about community watching and discussing and sharing theories while the author took those ideas and run with them. It's like a Tabletop RPG where both the GM and Players creating a Story together. FNAF 1 didn't really have much of Lore or Themes. Just a bit of Mystery that got the players Hooked.
They were insanely popular with streaming. Every big gaming channel that was of note were doing reactions with playing. Your Pewdiepies and the like. That does not make it a bad game. YouTubers liking it making it a lesser of a game is just hipster pretensiones. In fact most Indie Games succeed or die based on the whims of Streamers and Youtubers.
&gt; Landmark stopped being developed because the devs that were left after the Columbus Nova and Daybreak fiasco didn't believe in Landmark, and that led to a loss of faith in the whole she-bang. No. It stopped because a MMORPG takes Time and Money and they had neither. People seem to fail to realize that Everquest Landmark was pretty young as a project due to the Open Development bullshit. &gt;They took a fucking year off doing anything at all for Landmark, other than importing some new textures. And then Next was released. That's precisely my point, they were desperately trying to salvage that project. They didn't have time. &gt;The idea that Landmark was just fine being "creative mode" was what killed the whole thing. Landmark could never have been "creative mode" voxel building and survived, not as an MMO. Landmark was very,very close to succeeding. They need only one thing. **Player Cities.** If they had that it would have launched off. But because of the Claim systems that was not yet possible and they needed to make some major changes to make that work and a lot more restrictions. Player had too much Voxel Data to play with and that balloneed the Data and Bandwidth. They weren't even thinking about implementing player cities. It just took time and iteration to find a middle ground for Landmark.
That's precisely my point they had a shoestring budget. The Landmark Foundation packs or whatever they were called was a pittance compared to the real development costs. It was Not a crowdfunded project despite the monetization efforts. Once SOE broke it was over.
There is also Mount and Blade. As well as Total War Warhammer that has Heroes that can serve that kind of role. It's inevitable that it's going to be inspired by Dynasty Warriors and the like since it's pretty much the only example. But having some proper RTS mechanics with overall AI control battles can make it more interesting. One thing to keep in mind is how the overall battle is evaluated and what role you play in it. Is it a constructed scenario where you need to reach some kind of score? Or is it an actual RTS battle that plays out and you need to be opportunistic to change the flow of battle. There is also the problem of focus of looking at the overall battlefield and your individual combat which can be uncomfortable if your attention is constantly split between. As well as possible frustration with what your Team AI is doing.
If you are using Unity try Both. You can have 2D assets and 2D gameplay in a 3D engine. There are also a lot of tricks you can do that you couldn't do if you work exclusively with 2D, like having 3D models when needed and tricky shaders and effects. Think something like Fez.
Sounds like you don't really need it. You can just have an area around a tree where saplings can't grow. Alternatively you can just not care about it and do whatever you want. I doubt most players will know or care about it, and those who do will probably find it nifty.
&gt; Unless you're doing something very different to the existing market leaders, That's not very hard to do. There are lots of mechanics to experiment with even for a smaller more minimal-MO that is cheaper. Space Station 13, Multiplayer Roguelikes, Mount and Blade style Overmaps, Player Monsters/Villains, Player Run Dungeon Keeper.
Mini Kingdoms?
That's more for Tabletop RPGs.
You cannot ballance a RPG on math alone. For a good combat you need tactics and abilities that change the situation in complex ways that cannot be easily analyzed. It is what makes combat have depth. [Everything is Relative.](https://www.reddit.com/r/gamedesign/comments/e5c2ud/looking_for_more_rigorous_resources_on_combat/f9j56ab/)
&gt; Way back when this started, you argued that didn't matter and that only community engagement should be considered. Yes because Lore is not **necessary** in most games, thus can be **cut**. &gt;If for instance the quality of Seasonal Anime didn't matter and only community engagement, then the goal of the creators wouldn't be to create a good anime; it would be to exploit a lucrative market. That's my point, community engagement is a thing in itself. &gt;it would be to exploit a lucrative market. Are you saying the same applies to FNAF? Well yes it you can make it work you would be wildly successful. FNAF managed to do it through Lore. But not all good games can mange to do this, nor having good Lore can guarantee this. Like I said in most games Lore is completely useless. &gt;That no one cares about lore, they care about community experience, and that community experience is talking about the lore that no one cares about. No one cares about lore, **until they do**. FNAF managed to make people care, Dark Souls also, this why it is special and should be analyzed. How do you make people care? What is the right balance between mystery,engagement and surprise? &gt;It hurt because I give him more credit than that, and I want to critique his work so it can get better. The biggest credit is the fact that people care. &gt;The other part is the overarching contradiction here It's not a contradiction, it's precisely the crux of the matter.
You can just grab a spear from one. Besides I did not say he has no weapon. If he can have plate armor he can have a fucking weapon.
&gt; The simple thing about your arguments is that, on their very surface, they're contradictory. That's because you want them to be contradictory, which I don't get, there is no point.
**Ever increasing difficulty challenges.** Interesting new enemies and environments.
A store with random selection of items isn't a new idea. Just that it hasn't been done as microtransactions. Auctions could also be considered that as player can sell their equipment with random stats and the buyers search for what they need. I believe Path of Exile works like this since certain builds can have special requirements.
There is also the "Oh fuck you died gate" where the challenges kill you unless you have the enough preparation to survive.
*Sigh..* Here we go again. The problem with Output Randomness is developers are really stingy with **guarantees**. Like your 99% hit chance does not necessarily need to exist, if you want to trade damage for accuracy, if it doesn't the 1 in 100 chance to miss is removed. They also don't implement proper escape options or saving/helping mechanics that make backup plans work. It's like protecting your pieces in Chess, you need to build a safety net.
&gt; Regardless, saying "It's simple," is not an example of analysis. What separate factor aside from lore presentation would determine an engaged community? Stop. Fucking. Overanalyzing. Responses. "It's simple." was linked to "Nobody stopped you from doing that." which was the answer to "How would I analyze how lore creates a community without analyzing how the lore itself is presented?" In fact you should not touch Lore at all, you aren't good at it. Based on how you make a Thesis in every comment if you try your hand at Lore it will probably take decades like Tolkien before you are finished.
&gt; I attempted to phrase it to suggest that the two elements were inevitably connected (which so far I still believe they are). They fucking are. What the fuck do you keep analyzing for?
How the lore is presented is essential to make them care about lore. If they care that is already community engagement.
And your thread I think was good. I did not disagree with that so why do you keep complaining? &gt;I shouldn't be analyzing lore presentation like I was, but rather the community aspect. In case of FNAF they are interrelated, just a different lense. The Lore aspect also contained the **community experience**. So if you are analyzing Lore you should also look how that is related to that. Not all Community Experiences are achieved through Lore. But in the case of FNAF and Dark Souls it is. Your **"lore presentation"** is even a big factor that made it work.
Good Political Sims should be about Characters, Drama, Intrigue and Backstabbing. Something like Crusader Kings. I agree that having complex character personalities and population simulation is the way to have **depth**. In fact this is the case for ALL Management games like Tycoons, Trading and Economy even Crafting. How the demand and customers work and how they evaluate things. It would be interesting to see if Disco Elysium or something similar could be systematized into a simulated personality model.
Glad that's cleared up. I told you, you were overanalyzing things and things were much simpler. :p
The only proper system is achieved through refactoring. Simply because when you start out you don't know what you need or how things will evolve. I think the best examples of systems are those with a good API design and that supports moddability. So try to externalize some things.
In the old tactics games you had Action Points meaning you could have a variety of attacks per character.
So you want a strategy game with tactics battles. And in the tactics battle whenever you attack you go into a duel? That sounds like a slog to play. There is such a thing as pacing and compatibility. If players want to play on the strategic level they can usually auto-resolve battles, playing duels will frustrate them. If the players want to fight in the 1v1 action duels a large portion of time will still be on the strategic level, this will frustrate them. It's better for real time battles if you want this combination. Like Mount and Blade and Dynasty Warriors, maybe with some Total War. As for roster management I like it. I am kind of disappointed that the Officer System from RoTK isn't used more. I have a sandbox project like that which is basically Princes Maker 2 style training and development but for ALL NPCs in the World, it also has strategic battles but that is more towards the Endgame. Check out the [Discord](https://discord.gg/bAwCUWp) if you like. It's **kinda dead** right now but I am planning to get back at it. I would like for more people that know RoTK to discuss it shine it's a major inspiration. Basically it's my frustration with the wasted potential of RoTK XIV.
If you want little animation that usually means you need RPG Mechanics and tactical combat.
It's fine as a genre. Just be careful as RPGs can have problems with scope. Definitely cut on too many cutscenes and maps. Make it more about combat. If you are careful Writing and Story shouldn't be a problem. You can make it more like a Visual Novel or like a CYOA book style games like Sorcery! In other words you need a good workflow to put a lot of writing content in and maybe focus more on the combat. The Strategy Overmap is your best friend as a main screen that is cheap.
Neither. People tend to dismiss the skill of Game Design, but it is still the most fundamental skill to have as an Indie.
&gt;to be in the $1 to $2 price range, That has problems outside of refunds. Mostly because you can't do sales.
&gt; And, in regards to more story driven games, YouTubers might not have a positive impact. Because you made the wrong type of game...
&gt; they play what comes to them, They do not play **what comes to them**. They aren't your slave. They play what interests them. And YOU are unlikely to interest them. It's like the old problem with Curation, because most of the time You are not in it. Catering to them is a folly. Their interests are too unpredictable to be relied upon.
&gt; Not catering to your customers is the stupidest thing you can do as a business owner, don't be ridiculous. Understand your Niche, understand your Genre, understand your Market and understand the Youtubers that are reliable in that Niche. Catering to Pewdiepie and the like is stupid.
If you are not a game dev, you can't make a game. If you are not a designer, you don't even have a game you can't make. You must first understand and analyze what makes your game different from They are Billions. You must also understand that RTS is an already doomed Genre, so you have to be careful when working with it. You must also understand that zombies are a boring,overused crap that everyone is tired of as an enemy.
There is no such thing as a Sandbox PvE Game.
&gt; Players were killing everything in sight which ended up destroying the virtual ecology. When all you have is a hammer, everything looks like a nail.
What definition are you trying to fit? If you are still dependent on waiting for content to drop from developers then that is still essentially a Themepark. Just because you possibly have some player housing and base building is pointless if that has no function that can be transformed as gameplay content for other people. If we had procedurally generated dungeons like in a roguelike or user generated content then you might have a point. But as it stand with the removal of full loot PVP they lost access to their only source of reusable content.
PVP has player conflict which is gameplay, it's independent from developer content. PVP also give rise to social complexity and governance that make sandbox game like EVE work.
&gt; but full dive Impossible, Lag will kill it. Even conventional VR MMO is unlikely as Players will vomit all over.
&gt; Network load/server capacity. That's just a question of partitioning players over space. SpacialOS is basically exactly this with update throttling based on distance. It's basically a LOD for networks. &gt;RMT detection Or just have proper RMT officially. It's much better for a player economy then fucking microtransactions. &gt;AI You don't need that much AI. In fact the problem most of the time is there isn't any AI at all.
&gt; High accuracy dictation; not public voice-chat. That's an interesting idea. Instead of listening to their horrible mics and voices, they use that to generate procedural voices that are in character with the proper sound dynamics.
Even something simple like monsters being in a group and individuals having their own simple behaviour variation can get you a long way.
Because it's a symptom of power creep and balance being out of whack. Flatter power level is much easier to balance
Well it's not rocket science. It's just some form of procedural generation or user generated content. Although [Progression](https://www.reddit.com/r/MMORPG/comments/c6hhdk/discussionthe_fundamental_problem_of_sandbox/) is still a problem. They are not even at the basics yet.
So **Game Maker's Toolkit** and the other **Youtube analysis** channels would be what in this **bizarro world**? **Sirlin** would be exactly what when he used his high level Street Fighter expertise to design interesting competitive games? **You Fuckers** that call yourself game designers have all your knowledge been spoonfeed with this kind of videos and articles and haven't done **your own Research** and yet you dare to consider yourselves chefs while you laugh about your own source of knowledge? Understand what kind of Skill Game Design is first before you can laugh at other people.
Game Design is a knowledge bound skill based on **Analysis**. So your whole analogy falls apart. Knowledge learnt from **experience** when you do not know what you are doing is usually learnt through **pain** and **misery**. So I suggest you don't laugh so much about Analysis.
You can usually toggle visibility for what is occluded from behind. You usually build floor by floor in 2D. Dwarf Fortress has a 3D world, although more about the underground, but it should not be a problem.
No you are just a dumbass with bad arguments. [This is the context.](https://www.reddit.com/r/gamedesign/comments/en248x/the_magical_other_world_understanding_the_nature/fdu05xj/)
&gt; I called you out on it not being an actual source. It was a source from Chris Crawford dumbass, read who that is. [Source in question.](http://www.erasmatazz.com/library/the-mind/history-of-thinking/contents.html) You just dismissed it out of hand because you are a moron.
&gt;Yeah, I know who Chris Crawford is. You don't. He was the father of what is considered Game Design, he founded a small thing called the GDC.
&gt; GMTK like you mentioned above is another terrible example - the guy has a following online. If he had an idea, he'd be bringing the marketing potential of that to his idea, and that is worth something, not to mention his obvious content creation skills, which would be useful further in marketing. I am saving this.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_7qgvNOTfdQ Most of the time you also need to be a programmer. But Game Design is understanding the mechanics and systems that makes up the gameplay and be fun. There is also Board Games and Tabletop which is independent of programming. Just writing the rules down and playing with the pieces.
&gt; Modern man and prehistoric man's brains weren't very different. But that doesn't mean they think the same. They have completely different knowledge,concepts and mental structures. For fucks sake you are on a fucking computer. Different Software can work on the same Hardware with vastly different results.
&gt; Which is fine! We're free to ponder and suppose whatever we want! But it would be folly to treat such musings as scientific truths, without having any way to verify them. If you want proofs look at academia. i am not a scientist, he is not a scientist, YOU are not a fucking scientist. &gt;2) There is some debate as to the validity of Evolutionary Psychology's many, untestable assertions. Some academia consider gender as a social construct and think chopping your dick of is a good solution to a psychological problem. With critics like that on the "nurture vs nature debate" I am skeptical. IF you want actual proofs you read and understand the research papers themselves and then compare them. There are no cheap solutions like I heard from an article that the thing that agrees with me is proven scientifically!!! Otherwise you are just taking things at face value, pick your side.
Things like names,logos can be registered. It's also a good idea to buy the domains for a site beforehand.
Instead of Text Based it would be better to have more streamlined UI like a Website. There are a lot of tricks you can do with the Interface to make things more interesting. Text should also have intense formatting to increase readability and flow. Preferably have some visual elements. I wonder how well emotes could work.
&gt; You need to collect the monster parts, you can get a reward, you level up, etc. Depends, some encounters are better to grind then others so it incentivizes only doing some.
That's a bit too much documentation since most projects have iteration and feedback as part of the process so the design substantially changes over time. But that is what Game Designers "Do", just not necessarily in writing. &gt;However I disagree that we should be shutting ideas people down. We should encourage these would be game designers and instead be saying "cool synopsis, show us the design document. We can help you construct this and get you ready to pitch this to a games company" I just wish people put just a bit more thought into it and think through the consequences and player experience. There is enough foundation for it.
Here is what a game designer is in the context of a team. A game designer needs to understand the systems and mechanics of what the game is and how it is fun. By understanding how the brain works and its relation to skill and challenge that composes fun as well as ensuring the proper difficulty and guiding the player to learn the mechanics they need to face the challenges. They also need to know the technical aspects of programming, and most likely be a programmer themselves so that he can communicate to programmers how the systems and requirements necessary to be implemented in code. They need to understand aesthetics to communicate the vision and themes that makes a cohesive whole of both mechanics, art, sound, writing, level design. A game designer is also a level designer, he should be able to sketch and roughly block a level or map. Although not all level designers need to be game designers. However the level doesn't necessarily need to have any art, that can be left to the artists. Giving feedback to the artists and iteration is also part of the process. Especially in relation to the intended player experience. They need to also balance the budget, either technical limitations, monetary or time, and ensure a workflow and art style that satisfy those conditions. Constraints and limitations do not impede a Game Designer. They also need to know the power of Abstractions, which is a **Superpower**, that can make a Scope that Is Huge and transform it into something Cheap, by magic. Board games are your friend.
Isn't this Terratech? Only that that has vehicles instead.
&gt; I think except for its art design, leveling system and engine So basically not at all.
Yes. It empathizes my anger and frustration.
In other words what you want is [Choice and Consequence](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VJJaGSV75y0).
I think the problem is not the adding of adult content. Heck Bioware was way ahead of you. The bigger problem is making a Cyberpunk game.
Then you can grumble about the woes of mainstream RPGs together with the cRPG community. With good writing and scripting it's not that hard to do.
To be fair you probably are better of making it more of a Porn game. At least if you want that sweet Patreon cash. Porn Games are kinda boring nowadays, if you can merge it with good gameplay and characters and decent story it could be a great combination. Especially since the setting can let you do some kicky stuff and the models can look from cool to beautiful to weird and not just milfs shit.
&gt; It seems like what you're proposing is just a half measure of nlp and you're only denying the efficacy of nlp because the tech isn't ready yet. NLP is completely useless because 90% is thrown out anyway, including the things that could be used in a more restrictive system. At the core it is about generating responses through a procedural system. How about we first are more careful of what kind of **Input** we put in instead of throwing in all **that Garbage** and expect a miracle from it. You aren't going to solve the problem with magical thinking, the future is also not going to solve anything. We as people solve problems by breaking the problem down into components parts.
The problem with matchmaking is you don't get to know the other players. I would prefer some form of partitioning like clans/dojos and lobby rooms where you get to know the players and maybe share tips and learn from each other.
Rather than a particular block, if you have space battles and whatnot it is important to have some abstractions like having a common HP pool and handle individual damage carefully. SPAZ 2 had a right balance for that with their HP system. Spamming guns is also a problem to the designs. It is better to implement systems to make one gun more efficient then have 20 guns around that do little damage. Restriction on class, size, block number is also important for similar reasons. They will make gigantic spammy ships if they can do it and are not restricted.
&gt;Usually it's only a game that's genuinely hard enough that I have to start breaking out the buffs. This is pretty much the best solution. You don't use them because you don't need them. In Roguelikes you need them. Another way is if the game has attrition in that your Health and Mana isn't that easily restored so for a expedition/dungeon/mission you need to have some preparations. Think Darkest Dungeon style expeditions. &gt;One that just occurred to me: expiry dates. Disposables that will become inert/go-bad within a certain amount of time. This is actually a pretty interesting idea, it needs some balance and add alchemy crafting as an alternative so that you can craft what you need.
If the textures are already seamless and compatible with each other, then rendering them at an angle won't pose a problem since it would have the same skewing and transformations. You usually have one base texture and layer in some variation. Mixing two textures and doing heavy modification I am not so sure how they maintain capability, there might be a trick.
The problem I see is this is more of a Meta-Game and Meta-Progression. While it is a fine idea what is even more important is the Moment to Moment Gameplay. What the player is actually doing most of the time because if the player is bored there then all that meta-game won't matter if they just quit. A Fantasy World Simulator and Life Simulator can be an interesting genre. Something like Princess Maker, The Sims, The Guild, the Atelier Series(recently on steam!), Tavern Simulator style games, Stardew Valley, Business management games, One Hour One Life. The ReBirth stuff should also have more of an effect of the gameplay and the World Simulation, maybe the relationships in a life can inform the next life? Maybe they are mysteries tied to the soul system that you can use, like becoming an alchemist and becoming a immortal lich? or maybe you can become some sort of mage and interact with various demons and angels.
It could have been worse. You could have been targeted by feminists. Then you would really be gone. The moral of the story is don't make controversial games in censorship happy countries. As for the story. It's your typical outrage bait and moral panic. All of them want attention and marketing for their brand. It can happen everywhere, especially nowadays with the cancel culture stuff.
I think collectables should be optional. 100% completion stuff should be replaced with a scoring system instead. A collectable can be a type of reward whether intrinsic or extrinsic so I don't see much problem with them.
Strategy or Management games can be more about UI or have more abstract art. Also look at board games. They can do a lot with just a few pieces and maybe a map. The Board if you think about it you can consider a Interface.
&gt; While living, you can attend school, interact and make friends, find companions, find love, marry, have children, develop and buy things for your home, borrow credit from the bank, find a job, And most of that is boring because real life is boring, what do you expect? And 90% of the content sounds like is going to be boring like that. You have to make that into enjoyable gameplay. In most games 90% is combat because combat can be made into enjoyable gameplay. Even The Sims had more things going for it.
You say that but have you looked at his other games?
If you want we can talk on Discord or something. There are so few people on the same page to bounce ideas around.
&gt; Are things that aren't optional actually considered collectibles? No I mean I don't want tracking for every percent completion for collectables.
Nah. They would just prepare the guillotine.
Spess men on a spess stasion.
Spess men are great people that will cooperate to survive with the station... Hahaha..
Go read some novels. https://www.royalroad.com/home
&gt;When Gygax and company come up with D&amp;D, do you think they had hooking players on core game loops in mind? They didn't give a rat's ass about "collaborative storytelling experiences". The dungeons they made were out to murder you. In other words they were a challenge, gameplay. &gt;And the monsters are never defeated and the land is never saved because if it was then it would break the core loop. The more fundamental question is how are the monsters born in the first place? Dungeons full of loot that haven't been picked clean before you showed up are a bigger problem. You are correct that Progression is not Infinite. But what people miss is Progression does not need to be exclusive to your Player Character. The world should have Big Fish and small fish. Small fish should be able to grown into Big Fish over time as well as follow Evolution and the Legacies from the Past. &gt;See, the trouble with the core loop is it's intended to recursively send the player in circles: they fight, to accumulate more power, to fight bigger things. You still need a form of Gameplay. Combat just happens to be the most Deep System we can have at the current moment. Also you cannot escape from the loop whatever you do since a Core Loop is much more Fundamental than that. That's because as the Player plays the game he will Learn and increase his Skills and Strategies. He will require New Challenges that match that increase in Skill. New Elements needs to be unlocked and learn, usually linked to Progression that he will need to Adapt to with its new Skills and Strategies to Master. Otherwise doing the same thing over and over again with the things you already mastered would be boring. To say that you do not have a Core Game Loop means that you do not have any Gameplay. That's completely pointless. The Interaction Fiction fuckers like Emily Short have the same problem, their obsession with procedural generation made the forget the basics of games or even the basics of fictional writing and plotting. &gt;That's what blew me away about AIDungeon when I tried it out. AI Dungeon is precisely the wrong approach. It is completely useless design wise. Chat bots, big data and neural networks aren't going to save you.
Death Stranding certainly revolutionized the walking simulator. Jokes aside, we will see more in the future asynchronous multiplayer and user generation.
Techniques from this video is good: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=va5kJnHnlvU In addition to that the fundamental way to solve the problem is to have Action Parity with the Player Character. Everything the Player can do so can a NPC. This way you can tap into content and progression meant for the Player. Kinda like a MMO but with AI NPCs instead of Players. If it's a system that is good and deep that defines the Player then it's good for defining NPCs. Like classes, skills and abilities. Another small trick you can do is have a NPC "care" about the Player. Help the player in some way occasionally, like giving them a gift or helping them with a task without being asked or commanded by the player. NPC usually tend to want something or solve their problems. Breaking the mold by reversing that could give an extra bit of charm.
&gt;I was not saying AIDungeon was the right approach, rather I think the neural network approach to generating text is interesting food for thought when it comes to the idea that computers will never be capable of writing stories. It's not because they will not comprehend/understand about what they are generating. A specially crafted algorithms that just takes input and generates responses is much better because you know what you feed it and you know how to chain things together and connect them with other systems. You need complete control. &gt; You're looking to make better games, and have seen too many big-budget projects basically run aground in their pathetic attempts to make narratives, is that it? No I also see a lot of Sandbox and Indie Projects that are a disappointments. Star Traders Frontiers, Kenshi, Crusader Kings even Rimworld and Dwarf Fortress are disappointments. &gt;GNS theory has it that game, simulation, and narrative are mutually exclusive: the more if one you have, the less of the other two. If you're 100% pro-gamism all the way, narrativism is your enemy. That's a stupid theory, I suggest you purge it from your mind. Games are small pieces of reality with similar structures, depth and complexity as reality that are made more presentable and clear, and where your agency is more understandable in terms of cause and effect. Yes Games have some amount of simplification and abstraction, but to say they are against Simulation is complete folly. If Simulation would completely simulate Reality then how are Games as small pieces of Reality be incompatible? Not to mention reality itself is partitioned into layers. Climbing a corporate ladder has some separation from cooking dinners, different rules for different contexts. Narratives also. Writing is based on the Author's Representation of the World. A Mental Simulation Model of how they view how the world works. It's also why the advice is "Write what you know." because it's only then you have an accurate picture and details of the complexity of Reality. So how can Narrative be against Simulation when they are already using a Simulation? Just an instinctual one that we have and refine since we become conscious? My ideal is to maximize both game,simulation and narrative. I want a functional world with characters and events to the level of fantasy books. I hate when the books that I read end! I want hype emotional moments and struggles like I see when reading manga! I want cute Anime girls doing cute things! &gt;The way I look at it, the narrativism aspect is irrevokably part of the tabletop RPG genome, a major pillar that makes it great. But it gets complicated because tabletop and computer RPGs aren't the same thing. Tabletops are complete **Random Trash** that needs a GM to babysit everything. Every Sandbox Simulationsinists should purge everything about them, they are completely useless. The GM is using his Representation of the World just like a Writer does. Players are also just Pretend Actors that Improv. If you want an AI do handle all that, you might as well code the proper Simulation for a Functional Living World in the first place. That way you don't even need the AI as the World will work by itself. &gt;Since that same core gameplay loop can be found virtually everywhere else, I wonder if I can't just get it to run in a more novel manner. I have been trying to get good gameplay alternatives to Combat and god it is hard. I don't recommend it. In fact I am obsessed with Character Agency and Social Dynamics. Because guess what that's how fantasy books work. They are about characters and their interactions and relationships. If I can make that into worthwhile gameplay with depth,complexity and decisions that would be ideal. And I have been doing every trick imaginable. Simulation by the boatloads. Structure, Plot and Worldbuilding from novel writing itself. Plot itself is the biggest cheat ever imagined.
That's clear symptom of you not stealing enough. If a game with your idea already exists then half of your work is already done. A good idea should be able to be expanded upon with sequels anyway. Big Publishers are all about milking an IP over and over again until there is nothing left. It's simply impossible to have the same creative bankruptcy as a Big Publisher. You should be able to change something even a little bit about the formula and make it worthwhile to the already existing market. What you should fear is not having to steal at all. Then you would be really in uncharted territory at the whims of fate.
&gt;Why can't we do something so simple? It's such an easy to imagine and rediscover idea because it's such a clear idea. We can freewrite a fairly comprehensive design document on that in no time. Such a pure idea... untouched by hard reality. I am not that interested about waxing poetically about them. I am more interested in how those damn things work. I have been disappointed over and over again to get my hopes up and hype. This is why I can't stomach whenever I hear about "emergence","like tabletop rpgs", "do everything", "procedural generation". When No Man's Sky was just a trailer and people were pointlessly hyped about it. My first though was "Been there, Spore that". But how could I actually make it work with as an actual Design? Even with the Updates that salvage it into at least something the Core Design is still useless. So Design is Essential. It's funny because there actually is a game that has all the right properties. It's called Avorion. It just needs to implement some additional concepts. &gt; Our disappointments, basically. I'm saying that it's not necessarily that they didn't know the perfect ideal, it's that their journey to realize it took them elsewhere. We know why they failed, at least we should if we properly analyze. Kenshi never even tried, it was beyond the scope of what he was trying to achieve. It's just that the results that were achieved were pretty interesting. Dwarf Fortress, too much unfocused simulation, too much procedural generation and backstory, too bad format with the based management and the Adventure Mode being limited and structured badly. Star Traders: Frontiers really grinds my gears. Implements skill checks every second as some kind of "emergence" or what? This personally why I hate tabletop mechanics and emergence buzzworld. Had the right idea of a wide crew of characters, but they are completely useless. Great world building and factions for a kind of Space Opera that is squandered by having completely scripted missions. Archmage Rises, Spire of Sorcery, Wildermyth, The Guild. Some try, some fail, some forget. &gt;Worst of all, the perfect microcosm is kind of useless by itself. We have to let players play it, and you know they're just going to corrupt it. Like gold farmers corrupt MMORPG, or lewd mods corrupt Skyrim. The players' wishes inherently destroy the perfectly plausible scenario. Because, to satisfy the player, they end up being implausible wish fulfillment generators. Nah. The Players should be permitted **Everything**. Otherwise what is the point of coding all those systems that react to the player and bring consequence to the world? In fact if the Player doesn't and needlessly meanders around the AI should with it's **Villains!** &gt;The standard core RPG loop is only that: wish fulfillment, the process. That's why I need to dismantle it. Sooner or later, player-centric virtual worlds become inevitable if this is the ends to which the player plays. &gt;But is that really my goal? Thwart the player so they don't crap the bed? No, it just means I need a better reason for players to play than progression. That comes down to answering one hard question: how do we bring real meaningfulness to persistent state virtual worlds? Of the many possible answers to that question, involving the players in collaborative storytelling experiences is just one possibility. Meh. That's already answered. It's Action Parity with the Player and Progression Parity. When the Player begins in the world there would be Big Fish and small fish. The Player eats the small fish to become a Big Fish himself and can tackle the other Big Fish. If you balance things right there will always be a Bigger Fish as there will always be progression paths to strive for that are always just out of reach. Of course the Player that is a Big Fish will also become Old and Stagnant, more Safe and Risk Free. So a New Generation of smaller fish will grow and eventually overcome the Player while he inevitably decays. And the Cycle continues. Empires rise, Empires Fall. And History is Written. Progression is Fundamental to this kind of Sandbox World. Everything needs to be tied to it. What is missed is Progression also needs to be **Universal** and **Decay**. It's only through Progression can you replace Plot. You just need more Progression Variety, more Progression Paths.A King has the Political Authority and Status to command a General. A General can control an Invincible Army, but the Perfect Assassin can murder him in his sleep, while the Legendary Blacksmith can make the Gear that ultimately saves the General's life. Different Roles. Different Progression Paths. But equal Value in different forms of Power. It also has a bit of Mafia/Werewolf style Roles and Dynamics. &gt;Of the many possible answers to that question, involving the players in collaborative storytelling experiences is just one possibility. If you look at the actual fantasy novels you will see that it follows the same Progression and Power.
Then write it down into proper Design Documents. Maybe someone would be interested. [That's what I did.](https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/1iOX832Mty6ciDd1d9Wi11WmRT1x9YFUZ)
Why? This has been done to death already. Where is the hook? Where is the twist?
How do you expect people to take you seriously? Youtube Analysis Channels put up videos on the various design topics. Or you at least have Blogs that write articles. They are also "Gamers" that use their knowledge to review, critique and analyze things. If you really have skills and you are not just blowing hot air then the least you can do is put up some documents.
&gt; To make it fair, you would need to pay for marketing, buy assets. Then may be 100/0 would be fair. Depends if the Designer can Adapt to what the Programmer wants to make. Then it wouldn't be the designer's project but the programmer's project.
&gt; I thought it was a pretty innocent pitch, It wasn't. It was pure arrogance to think that you know better.
That's cute. Your level of arrogance and contempt can never even dream to touch my levels.
&gt; But innovative core loops are coming out all the time! Look at experimental indie games, anything that's not just about combat (and even some that are). I think what is missing is a good system for NPC Social Interactions and Emotional Expression. There is The Sims but it's too much about shallow materialism and shallow relationships and it has no impact on the world. Rimworld is also kind of dry. Your usual options are a generic Talk or Gifts like you see in Animal Crossing style games. If that could be made into interesting gameplay that could unlock to the potential of all fictional writing and drama. Because if you boil things down it is all about Character Conversations and Interaction with things like Action already being able to be represented as Gameplay like thorough Combat.
https://docs.google.com/document/d/1GsDhFxWoJo7D7PHDLpRe0OZ2q61OcACVYLCCkZCpVwM/edit?usp=sharing
To be fair it's not impossible for them to make a Batman Beyond spinoff.
Competitive User Generated Dungeon Keeper.
Just something I have thrown out into a document. I have a bunch more but that was the most relevant for survival. It's not my main project but I kinda like it. If I were ever a successful Indie developer it's probably something I will eventually tackle. But Spore style or Overgrowth(the bunny game) style procedural animations are kinda complicated. Even as 2D it would be tricky. Not to mention that Combat would be the trickiest of them all. You would probably need some Dragon's Dogma style Grabbing and maybe some Monster Hunter stuff to make it interesting.
&gt; There are plenty of works of fiction that are character studies, That doesn't necessarily escape from plot, it's just the plot is more heavily tied to the character. A character arc is still a plot. &gt;A conversation in a game doesn’t have to be relevant to some overarching plot goal - it might be a reward in itself, for instance. How would you do that outside of writing/scripting?
That's just a fundamental misunderstanding of Progression. When Gandalf Levels Up after defeating the Balrog isn't that progression? And where Gandalf comes to save the day with his army. That army isn't it trained through the individual progression of soldiers? Progression is the Natural Law of the **Weak** becoming **Strong** through **Time** and **Effort**. Where else would you gain the Power? Would it be fair to just be given to you? Would you accept if you were given power in a game to make all challenges trivial? And if you don't have any Power how could you have any Agency? Are this worlds that civilized where you can Sue them in a Court of Law? What can you do as a peasant? What Goals can you achieve when you are impotent? Forget about the grizzled warrior, that's still progression from the results and experience of the past. He wasn't born a grizzled warrior. What can you do as a small child with a stick? Progression also has secondary effects as Power inherently has Value. If you have things of Value then you can have Trades, Economy and Negotiations. If you entice people with that kind of value and progression then isn't that ultimately Political Power? If your craftsmen can make legendary swords and your subordinates are powerful heroes then can't you bully others into submission? Power not used, is power misused as power abhors a vacuum. Progression also doesn't necessarily need to be about combat. A Technology Tree can be considered Progression. The Development of Civilization and Society can be Progression. Progression does not need to be individualistic, Populations themselves can have progression.
The problem with bots is they don't have human limits or human biases and mental patterns. Being stronger is irrelevant.
You forgot Step 1. Make something complicated on the level of Dwarf Fortress.
&gt; How are you going to do that without creating some kind of collaborative story generator? Because like I said before GNS Theory is wrong. Trying to frame it only in the aspects of narrative is wrong. It's only through the **unification** of all this aspects can you get more then the sum of its parts. Since ultimately it's all based on the root of reality. Progression is one example of a concept where Game, Simulation and Story can be unified. &gt;creating some kind of collaborative story generator? Why do you think Progression is separate from a story generator? Did you miss the part where your precious DnD Tabletop Games also have Progression? What kind of Collaborative Story Game/RPG has no Progression? &gt;To tell stories, you're going to need an analog core, not a digital measure. Stories are already abstractions of reality. Analog or digital is pure nonsense. &gt;Like it or not, you're in the business of creating Interactive Fiction. The Interactive Fiction guys are also a disappointment. First learn how to write actually entertaining fiction first. The basics of writing like Character, Setting, Plot seems to be thrown out the window with IF games yet you put your faith in them? &gt; At best, you can make them sophisticated enough that the player won't be able to tell the difference at first. But the core remains inanimate. You do not know what you are talking about. Procedurally generated stories have no substance behind them. By what are they governed? Nothing. Just a bunch of meaningless words. This is why things like AI Dungeon is a trap. Which is why I hate it. Progression is one of the things that can have actual substance behind it. Economy is another, Relationships is the third. That is outside of Combat which is King in terms of Gameplay and Conflict. How many fiction has action and fighting scenes?
&gt; You don't have to prove anything to me. Prove your ideas to reality. If I am wrong how are yours going to work? You know what mine are based on but I still haven't heard anything from you.
I do not even expect anyone to prove to me anything. I am just looking to find some interesting new concepts and mechanics. Because that's how I reached so far by looking desperately and analyzing everything. You may have heard me mentioning about different types of disappointments, but you have to realize that I searched and analyzed them in the first place. Especially about projects I have a strong opinion about. I am always looking. **Guess who my next target is?** You think our meeting is a coincidence? I was already picking you apart from the start and trying to suss out the interesting bits. I wish you defended yourself more and had more confidence to provide some of your own insights that I can chew on. Also just because I have **some** confidence on **some** concepts doesn't meant I know all the answers and there aren't any problems to be solved. The Hard Problems are Hard as you know. It's not something that can be solved with conventional methods as you know. There also might not be just one solution, what I present is merely mine. In fact I know alternatives exists since I already know of another method. Although it has its own tradeoffs.
Is that what you think this is? Here we are with a person that is finally on the same page, and this is the value you put to it? Did I not sincerely share my thoughts and present arguments? Did I not in my first reply ask to talk more directly on Discord instead of shitty Reddit Posts? &gt;Now, to understand what "creative resistance" means in this context, you're going to have to read Steven Pressfield's War of Art. I have my own theory of creativity based on Raph Koster and John Cleese. Is Steven Pressfield on the level of Raph Koster and John Cleese?
So basically something like Griftlands.
If you develop your own project that could be interesting. Selling your skills is one thing, but you have to remember that games themselves are unique. Depending on the Genre people interested about it will naturally come to learn about it's development. So you are not as restricted as you think. Just play to your strengths.
Pull all the tricks and break things down into chunks. Sound hints, grunts,mumbles as well as text sound effects. Undertale also has this. With Visual Novels also have sprites with change in pose and emotion. In NVL-Mode this kind of changes are more pronounced as the screen is cleared. Special effects and background changes also. Check Fate Stay Night Visual Novel for a good example of this. Make it interesting text to read in the first place. Cut down on the amount of text and then cut it down again. Visual Novel style branches and choices are bad. Have clear breakpoints in the story so players know where to explore.
Was there a MMO like that?
Tutorials and Guidance. Especially for new mechanics. You can add some even simpler puzzles that clearly demonstrate a concept for that role. But sometimes there is nothing you can do. They might not like that kind of game. Another way is to add extrinsic motivators with progression and stuff, but that might not be suitable for your game.
Whatever you chose they will all start as a couple of characters in the world. So start with the things that are common and implement whatever the simplest thing you can do.
Tackling it as a real project can serve both. The problems you meet will be real. Although I don't particularly like coding streams, they are too and if you have time for that you might as well code your own projects. But code examples and going thorough and explaining the code is fine. As well as example on how to brainstorm things and make the scaffoldings. Tutorials also, just don't repeat the same materials over and over again.
Maybe some form of speech bubble?
Design wise it is all about setting up the **Baseline**. If you are expected to put 200$ per month but that is the limit that can work. Whether it's **cosmetics** or not has absolutely **no bearing on being ethical**. Being ethical is a function of the **rarity** and **price** of the content. Cosmetics are about **fairness** which is a different concept. If every month there is a total of 200$ payed content put in so the baseline would be that it can be fair. Even Pay 2 Win can be made fair as long as baseline is still capped and F2P can still have a satisfying experience even if it's lesser and a bit unfair. A underdog story cannot exist without unfairness so as long as you balance thing just right you mutually reinforce the player roles of players versus payers. A Free 2 Play game **By Definition** cannot be a **totally fair game** as some players need to pay more to subsidize the free players. The more **Fair** you want your game to be the more the **Baseline** gets closer to a **Subscription** and the more total players are **Forced to Pay**.
You got bigger problems. With this system you do not have a backline or tanks to protect your squishy targets. There is nothing stopping a boss from targeting your weakest characters.
&gt; Where are you getting $200 a month from? That’s an insane amount of money every month. Then you have no business in F2P. Don't even think about it. &gt;I don’t ever think expecting someone to pay $200 every month is fair. What do you mean by baseline? If there are 10 players and one pays that would be 20$ per person, equivalent with a 20$ subscription for every person. Most F2P there monetization is uncapped and not balanced on anything. A "whale" can lose 2k they can lose 20k, 200$ would be a pittance in comparison. The idea of a **baseline** is simple. If every month all the possible content that is available and you want can be gotten for only 200$. Then you simply do not need to spend more since you would have already gotten it.
&gt; I'll take GTA Online as an example. Stopped reading there.
&gt;To be honest I think there's a misconception about 'whales'. It's not a misconception.
&gt; Can you clarify what you mean by Reaper style enemies? The Heavenly whatever's out to extinct life or something. &gt;Most if not all of the points discussed in the doc are partially or fully implemented in my alpha version--im using a lot of placeholder art though as you can see. That's fine. Do some player testing once it's in a reasonable shape.
Invasions are good. But Heavenly whatevers might be too hardocre and reelentless. More of an Endgame challenge. Don't launch the Terminators right of the bat. Invasions with different types of enemies with advantages and set of priorities and goals might be better of to start with. Eat the young, capture the queen(tower defense), conquer territory(in which case migration might be an option) by territorial beings. That also means you will have breathing room and pacing and stages where you expand instead of always defending.
There are no hard gates that block your access. But there might be soft gates. Like powerful enemies and environmental effects.
They are similar but also different. Mostly because they apply to different genres and perspectives. Metroidvania also tend to have hard gates. Open Worlds tend to be a little bit more open and Metroidvanias are more similar to Hubs.
Optimize your workflow. Use Abstraction and Simplification for your Content. Create the Tools that help you.
https://ncase.me/crowds/
&gt; How would you go about making a kingdom change? In essence it's basically city building and management with ever growing threats. You see that in Rimworld and Dwarf Fortress. It's not so much about how it grows as it is about how it falls. Bonus Points for Space Station 13 Antagonists that infiltrate your kingdom and bring chaos. Another things is to just have an opposing and competing kingdom/faction like a 4X Strategy game.
You may be able to generate Infinite Content. But you cannot generate Infinite Progression and Challenge. Progression is Power and Two Factions with Equal Power can fight each other for a while. But eventually there will be a Winner and even if you can generate another opponent once you reach the Max Progression the Challenge won't be that different. It might be time for a reset.
&gt;why are RPGs centered around hitting things until they're dead? Because finding Non-Combat Gameplay is Hard. Even if you were to find it that doesn't mean it is suitable to females anyway, magangement, strategy, simulation, survival is not necessarily more appealing to females than combat. Females are much more cooperative and empathic. It's why co-op games tend to get some traction with some female following. MMOs tended to do well for that reason but now they are crap so that is over. They are much more about Characters, Story, Cute Creatures and Creative Expression.
&gt;You should check out Disco Elysium. But the question is "Is it really more appealing to females?" Maybe if the setting and topics was more like Life is Strange. &gt;A sport? I suppose you could make a sport rpg perhaps. Would they really care for sports either?
Even with Infinite scaling it ultimately becomes boring and predictable. It also makes it worse power inequality and unfairness.
&gt;Gear drop on death I can jive with, though. The problem is an economy will eventually be choke full of gear no matter how much you lose. Just look at how widespread Titans are in EVE. It also leads to another kind of stagnations once an Empire gets big enough to put everyone under their thumb. &gt; Means money is the real source of progression, You mean Pay 2 Win? When Money is Power that is inevitable. Permadeath is the only fair system based on Skill instead of just Time or Money.
Depends. The Top Guilds and Factions can vote and decide what Floor Designs and Owners are selected after the season. Crappy Designs can just be discarded so those who make those designs are incentivized to put in some effort at least until they are selected.
Yes. The faction that monopolize them with real money.
There is so many of this colony/survival/crafting simulator projects. Why don't people think a little bit more about the gameplay?
A nice trick I found is the double App feedback loop. I use Workflowy(Dynalist has better free offer) to just jolt things down. And use Google Docs for a more structured and detailed argumentation(think of writing a Reddit Post). I then use the Docs structure as a basis to reorganize the mess in Workflowy. It also works with a flowcharting app like Draw.io or Spreadsheets or Trello. You just need an App that has different format/structure. By itself its much harder to reorganize as you won't have an idea on where to put what and even if you start from scratch you would think you are just repeating yourself. Jotting things down is also a pretty chaotic process and when you have inspiration you can't worry on where the idea might fit, you don't want to lose the stream of consciousness.
Predict the future forward and only handle when things change to that future and then predict again. Average the results, randomly change some things and generate a logical path backwards from that results. Group things or simulate key agents. Use a more simple and abstract simulation. Limit the amount of active agents in the world that are spawned and destroyed.
Court Intrigue? Court Politics?
Story is a waste of time.
I am not sure there is a problem. You can make being *The Devil*, Fun. At it's Core it is all about who has the Power and Agency and is doing all the Oppressing. Which is not that far from most games. Dictators are Angels compared to Heroes that Genocide entire Species of Mobs. Sadistic Pleasure is still Pleasure. It is the Oppressed that are Powerless that are all depressed and uneasy about it. But who cares about them? In Crusader Kings I have late-term abortions to do and some old people need to go into "forced retirement", for the greater good of course. To some extent and especially nowadays we all have the Great Sin of Lucifer, Pride and Righteousness of thinking we know better. We think if we had All the Power and were The Great Dictator we think we could run Society Perfectly. If we had the right Systems for that kind of game had the proper Emergence in Governing the **Consequence** I think it would be interesting. You think you know better but the game simulation tells you otherwise. I already have a [Design](https://www.reddit.com/r/gamedesign/comments/gcwjyo/dynamic_ideologies_and_cultures_in_civilization/fpfbd47/) that might work like this.
I am not sure a Roguelikes really needs AI in the PCG. PCG has it's own algorithms and techniques but I wouldn't say it's AI directly. Maybe combine it with Graph Theory, there might be some useful AI techniques there.
&gt; Well there's Schadenfreude. That's more directed towards your opponent rather then a general principle that apllies to all. &gt;The more removed you are from watching somebody die, generally the easier it is to do. I am not so sure about that. There can be a Visceral Satisfaction in things like Execution and Destruction. Roman Gladiator Executions were a spectacle for the whole citizens. Public Medieval Hangings also. Even in current events with the Riots they aren't doing them for clinically and begrudgingly for their objective goals but as a release of their pent up emotions. &gt;Does anything in C.K. actually give any comfort? I would expect its tonalities to be primarily conflict and war. Do you ever have a nice dinner with an ally, feel any sense of camaraderie? The mechanics has limits in what it represents. But with better Systems and Simulation it would not be a suprise to achieve something like that. Chivalry did no come because Knights were all polite gentlemen, it came because they had Power to Kill so that needed to be regulated. Things being Gruesome is a Prerequisite for people to Behave and be more Diplomatic and Respectful. It is a Cycle, people forget it in times of peace and remember it in times of bloodshed. &gt;Yet sci-fi will bug me, perhaps because I'm not contemplating the heat death of the universe every day. Also, some wrongs can be righted. But other things, you're helpless. That can be terrifying. Sci-Fi are usually Warning and Teaching of what the future can be. But nothing is that helpless in the Real World. Their setting most of the time isn't plausible when you take in logistics. &gt;Your design idea that you linked is interesting, but will likely have problems of people understanding cause and effect. People play Zachtronics games so it's probably not that bad.
Yes. **Dwarf Fortress was basically made like this.** So if you don't want to spend decades on every little thing you need to be more **Focused** on what kind of Simulation and Depth is needed to make it interesting. That System and Depth would be more suitable for an Ecology and Evolution game like something like Spore or Pokemon. &gt;basically theres no true objectives. ##A Big Fucking Warning. There is high likelihood that your game will be Boring and Pointless. [There is no such thing as a game without direction.](https://www.reddit.com/r/gamedesign/comments/bxeao1/sandbox_rpg_design_analysis/) The direction might be implicit and have much more freedom and options, but you **as a developer** you should never for a moment think you can get away with not having one and doing whatever.
&gt; It isnt focused mostly on the simulations its more about the storylines and intrigue plots that occur. That sounds like you need to focus your simulation more on that. In fact you probably need to abstract a lot of things to make it work.
&gt; But his dream is depressing to play. "His" dream. The point is to make it "Your" dream. Regardless of how misguided it is. &gt;Current events make make me contemplate writing a racism simulator. I wouldn't recommend this. At least without heavy does of fantasy creatures and cultures for plausible deniability. The problem is if it really is a "Simulation" the closer it is to be interpreted the other way around.
I think you can sell a game based on Depth. Just that you need to have to minimum amount of appeal, acceptability and pacing. Rimworld is a good middle ground.
I still don't get why Indies even touch the mobile market. It's a clusterfuck shitshow on all levels.
&gt; Yeah, everything non combat in the game should tie back to combat endeavors. Because combat is the core of the game. It needs to be tied to some kind of Progression and Gameplay Challenge. But its not strictly necessary to be Combat. There are other games like City Builders,Trade and Management Games out there that can serve as Gameplay. You just need to make the NPC Population and its Economy more of a factor like in Patrician or Anno. MMORTS to some extent are kinda like that in that you build a kingdom. Players Building their own shared City isn't a bad thing. And of course that type of progress can eventually be tied back to combat with new building and facilities like advance forges to unlock new crafting options.
Exactly what do you expect from what is supposed to be a Small Mini-Game? Most of the time it's just a filler that some people like. The only good fishing is in a Multiplayer game with boat travel or loading/matchmaking as something you do in the meantime.
It's fine to make a bunch of prototypes. When the dust settles what do you think is the best one?
Yes Elo is constantly matching you to a 50% win rate which gives you horribly arbitrary feedback on how well you are doing. Although the details of the implementation can vary so its not exactly like this.
Why? How does that translate to good gameplay?
Permadeath.
The Chose in CYOA means branching. It just depends on what form of branching. If it's just short dead ends it isn't much of a problem.
https://docs.google.com/document/d/1GsDhFxWoJo7D7PHDLpRe0OZ2q61OcACVYLCCkZCpVwM/edit
There is no such thing as goal-less game, at least not **as developers**, to think otherwise is a mistake, all games need to have a structure. At its core it's all about **Progression** and **Challenge**. It's all about getting more power or unlocking or collecting all of the stuff. Creativity also ties to that as it drip feeds you new stuff to use. Higher Challenges maintains the gameplay and gives purpose to the Progression to play with the new abilities.
&gt; that you have to define your own challenges and define what constitutes progression. That is false. Players may think that but not for you as a developer. You make ALL the Systems so only you can define what your Power,Abilities and Challenges are even possible. Challenge also doesn't exactly grown on trees as you need careful balancing to even have that. Even if you are targeting that sweet, sweet "Emergence" that is all the rage nowadays. That is still something you ultimately need to Develop and Understand. There are no Miracles here other then the ones You Made.
It's the wrong questions to ask. How Progression works as in the name, they get stuff to get more powerful to overcome challenges so that they get even more stuff and so on, that's the cycle. This is how Minecraft works and it's goal in essence much more then the pointless Ender Dragon. Progression also does not need to be as simple and can be much more sophisticated and challenging involving multiple systems and roadblocks. As a Designer you only need to worry about Progression because no matter what they do it will all go back to that. Kenshi is the perfect demonstration to this. You can hear stories about freeing up the slaves and fighting against slavemaster oppressors in a grand battle. It's a nice story but what do you actually do in actuality? Build a base, train fighters, loot/craft weapons, build an economy, fight. In other words Progression, Progression, Progression, just like you would do in a completely different context and situation or by default. Progression is ultimately **Power** and **Agency** and if you have Challenges to use it on than that is even better. It doesn't matter that much what you are using it on or what is your goals, if you even have any, what matters is that you **Know** that players will pursue it, in other words they are already motivated. In fact most players, **will not have any goals whatsoever**. This is what "you can do anything, go anywhere" is such bullshit, they do not know what they want and you should not expect them too. But what Player **Will Do** is follow Progression Instinctively. Is the goal of Factorio to build a Rocket? Or is building a Rocket just the natural end of progression the player pursue? You weren't always able to build a Rocket in the earlier version, was the game different then?
Pretty much this.
&gt; There’s absolutely people who enjoy purely the exploration aspect. Games like Elite: Dangerous, No Man’s Sky, EVE Online, and Starbound all support that sort of endless wandering capability. They pretty much fail at exploration. A 4X games is much better exploration than them.
No the Game loop feeds into progression. Progression is unlocking new abilities,power,mechanics and stuff in general.
&gt; 'how do you keep the player motivated (not bored) to continue the endless Progression cycle?' The whole point is you don't need to do that. They will be motivated by progression from the start. Your challenge as a developer is to have enough Progression because when that runs out and all the final Challenges related to that progression level that is the **True End** and they need to start over. Although there might be some obsessive completionists left who want to do absolutely everything to 100% complete. Progression cannot be Infinite.
It's just not as easily quantifiable skill. Although I find developers without an understanding of game design far more tragic. They might screw me and I get shafted. But overall they will be far more fucked in terms of pain and misery they will have to suffer. One trial and error and iteration at a time. It's all great when we all get along and respect each other so that that doesn't happen.
God of War boat? Rather then making traveling itself "the game". You can make the character interactions and dialog the game. There was that robot game about taking the subway ride that is like that.
&gt; However because of the nature of these games, if I'm not feeling it or I've done all I want to do then they immediately are no longer fun. You can only build so many train stations and get the most expensive car/ship/superweapon. In other words progression. As such Designers should take a closer look at Progression and what they can do about it. https://www.projecthorseshoe.com/reports/featured/ph19r3.htm /u/lucvdp
The problem with that is if you remove all the story and missions would it really be that interesting to always fuck around? You pretty much need a structure around it.
[Heretic Operative?](https://store.steampowered.com/app/958740/Heretic_Operative/) The Last Federation? Drox Operative? Sorcerer King? I imagine it is all about building reputation for a faction, resolving conflicts between factions, preparing and building your own army and manipulating things behind the scenes. &gt;but not feel overwhelming or frustrating enough to turn too many people off. The problem with that is your idea is based on the player having less Agency and Control while a clock is ticking down, so that is the reason for the frustration. You just have to make the game interesting enough despite that.
Yes but on the other hand VNs may have a Plot that is interesting.
&gt;zombie I am just tired of zombies, they are just not that interesting.
Yes but for how long? You aren't getting tens of hours out of it, it will eventually get old. Even for games like Goat Simulator, once you explored the map and found all the stuff you will eventually get bored.
So? The fact that you can make your own fun is irrelevant to the design of the game. Outside of making explicit goals for the game there isn't much design decisions that impact you, as such you are irrelevant. So you might as well design for people who aren't you, which is the larger majority anyway.
Yes but the problem is when people think about "Sandbox" or "Emergence" they expect to get more out of it, not less compared to a linear game.
&gt; Why bother designing for the majority? It is specifically You and Your tastes that I do not understand. So why should I cater to you? Why should anyone cater to you? There are plenty of other niches and markets you can target outside of you. &gt; awareness and understanding of self-directed play Define what it is and its concepts and principles. They do not fucking exist.
To be absolutely fair you are probably best off using "Choice of" branding.
The things is the thing you want to represent is pretty subtle things. Think of it like this can you represent those things in The Sims? Kinda, on a basic level, but it would be pretty shallow.
&gt; tasks need to be done by hand rather than just a line saying "you did something" Actually that's how things are represented in this kind of games, you spend a Resource like Time doing "work" and get something. In fact most "Relationships" in "Dating Sims" are represented like that. You spend Time, Money or "Gifts" and get +10 Relationship.
&gt; Your last line of rhetoric is just pedantry and not deserving of entertaining a response to it, or any further. Have a good one. No its not you fucking moron. If you could create The Matrix is that a Toy? That's pretty much the Dream and Ideal of a Functional Sandbox Simulated World. If Real Life has no objective why would The Matrix that simulates Real Life have an objective?
It has none, but it's not a game either.
Right that was someone else. Was confused on what user I was responding to.
&gt; Sure, but that's because most games follow a fairly rigid formula and are boring af. I pretty much skip 99% of AAA titles because I know they're not going to be any fun to play. What you are missing from the equation is you can make progression much more sophisticated. Which is all that I am asking for. People thinking much more critically on how to design their progression systems and make them more interesting. &gt;TIL making art itself isn't meaningful. Art requires Skill and Effort.
Yes. What do you not get?
How can Real Life and the Matrix be a toy? We aren't that far from simulating a fantasy world. Games like Dwarf Fortress isn't that far off. It's in fact your objections that fall apart.
&gt; but that's a pretty bad fallacy. Calling something a fallacy is not an argument. Back it up by something if you disagree. Otherwise I am just going to consider you as **just wrong**.
&gt; As mentioned, the difference between a toy and a game is defined objective (a "game" is also reliant upon player choice, but that's not the inherent topic). I haven't really been able to figure out why you have such a problem with me believing that. So if you were **Told** to defeat Sauron it would be a game? Even it the game is pretty much identical with the toy version with the exception of the objective log? Can't you see that's fucking meaningless? The player experience would be identical.
&gt;Maybe I'll make a top-level post about them. That's for the best. &gt;They do exist, and I think that's the heart of the conflict here: you seem oddly passionate about denying things exist that very clearly do. When I see them. I have my doubts.
Make it open source. Also the problem is never the initial code, you just need to periodically rewrite it when you get a better understanding on the demands of the project and it become unwieldy. Good code either comes from experience or refactoring. Even if you use whatever trendy design pattern, if that code does not fit the structure of your project it can become bad code that restricts you. You need experience to know what fits.
/r/StrategyRpg/ Is a sub for tactics games, but not exactly for development. But if you ask about design and mechanics you can probably get some good feedback.
Good turn based JRPGs are pretty experimental in their mechanics so you can't really say much about them concretely. The only ones that are not are RPG Maker games.
&gt; I just want conversation to be more dynamic I don't see how that would be any dynamic. It just triples your writing. Even if you want to make it procedural you must first learn how to make it procedural.
To me Reality can serve as inspiration for adding Depth to Progression. But that doesn't mean that I shy away from using Abstractions and other conveniences. You are pretty much overthinking things, progression limits and gates can be completely arbitrary.
&gt; but it could make sense to find a horse girl in a forest She is just picking up herbs for her mother.
&gt;level grinding Leveling does not make your game replayable by itself. Progression with multiple paths and builds can make a game replayable.
The Cheap and Easiest.
... No.
&gt; So when you say "an RPG that fighting isn't a focus" what on earth do you mean? The entire concept of an RPG is wrapped up on combat, as it was designed as a way to systemize and gamify combat. Not quite. RPG's don't necessarily need to mean combat directly, although most of time they are just tactics games. RPG can mean you statistically represent the Character's Power, Agency and Competence as well as its Growth through things like stats, abilities, skills, gear. RPG's can also mean that idea of living in a fantasy world, fantasy/sci-fi books are popular and RPGs are the game equivalent. This is not a surprise when you look at The Witcher Series, KotOR, Mass Effect. &gt;Genres like dress up games, social sims, and ofc romance stuff are all very popular. The Fundamental Question is how do you make Gameplay of that that can fit the RPG framework and relate it to fantasy worlds? Like you said 'social actions' aren't that easy to systematize. And even if you reskin Combat into Dialog it's all the same.
You are still recruiting units. Not all strategy games have automatic troop replenishment/healing. Like I said it is a question of economy. If you were given 3 million instead of 300k it wouldn't be as big of a factor. Especially if the enemy could suffer 10 million in damages, that is good trade for you.
Sure but that is a linear visual novel. What I want is how to transform that into Gameplay.
&gt;Which option do you think is best or is there a fourth option I haven't even thought about? Rather then that you should think think with the inverse. Is there any reason why the player wouldn't find it? Is the player pressed for time so he must play efficiently? Is the other buildings previously useless so he thinks this is also useless? Is there not enough feedback on understanding what happened even if he tried it? Is it absolutely necessary for the game so it is something the player **must** know? If you need a more explicit option you can just do something like (You gain +10 whatever in parenthesis)
It depends on your HP scale smaller numbers can use hearts. It also depends on how much you want to be like Zelda.
It's similar in idea to a brothel management/slave trainer style games. At its core it is all about "satisfying customers" that judge you by certain criteria. There are games like that, especially if they have debt and a time limit it can work really well as a game. But there is already games like that so in essence it would be a reskin rather than new gameplay mechanics. They also have problems with the End Game Progression and Challenge. You will do mostly the same things in the game.
There are games where you hunt for the different scenes do work. But what I am interested is actual Gameplay Mechanics.
Something like Cultist Simulator? That could be interesting, now that I think about it that game might be better of as a porn game. To much pointless meandering without any payoff.
It's a similar problem with Quick Saving.
Republic the Revolution is a political game about a revolution that you might be useful. I do like the premise with a V for Vendetta vibe.
I really wish Factorio had elements of RTS or maybe 4X whee you fight enemy factions. I was also thinking about Custom Vehicle Designs like in Terratch or From the Depths that are assembled in factories like Infinifactory with real logistics. In other words an actual assembly line factory that is powering the war.
&gt;for example what JimNPC told to JoeNPC, then JoeNPC told JannaNPC what JimNPC (or other NPC) told him, and so on. Recursive functions like that could blow up if you store it as data. My advice is to have a recent memory and the rest save as updated relationship or state. What is important is what does that information mean and its effect, that needs to be stored and not the event in itself. Other then that have a Global History of Important Topics and Events that the NPC either knows or it doesn't. If you want to be more sophisticated you can use that Global History and "Interpret" that through that Character's view and context.
Add Permadeath.
Pretty sure you can "release" them on Steam as "Free to Play" so you wouldn't have much problem in terms of marketing. At least I have seen a couple of browser games on Steam, but I am not sure how that works. It should be viable if you have an interesting concept for it. There is also Itch.io, plenty of browser games there, it's probably even a prefered type of game to try out.
**No.**
&gt;the gameplay always seems to be low-effort or forced-in without a real purpose. Because it's pretty hard to come up with worthwhile gameplay involving dating mechanics and relationships. ####How would that even work? This a honest question coming from a person who would actually want to work on that kind of game. The reason most dating sims are VNs and just throw a bunch of writing at the problem is precisely because that is the solution we have so far. It's not a easy problem to solve.
Not really since it would be a multiplayer game. The whole point is to have Players be both Heroes and Merchants since Gold is the only thing that remains between deaths. And recently dead players would be ripe for merchant players to sell their wares. On the other hand heroes would provide the crafting materials and loot to reverse engineer into recipes to improve their wares. It's all about the player economy that mutually feeds into each other. What I like about this is this is the kind of Dynamic Moonlighter should have had between the Merchant Class and Hero Class so it's a interesting case study.
&gt; Dating sims are in an economic category of games where the profit is far lower than AAA games. No. Bioware style RPGs: KotOR, Dragon Age, Mass Effect were some of the most popular games out there and people liked the relationship aspect and things like companion interactions. So a big budget dating sim rpg is not impossible, it would not be **exclusively** a dating sim but in terms of what kind of mechanics and content you want to add for that it can be anything. Furthermore if you look at other medias, it's all about Waifu Wars and "Shipping" their favorite pair.
&gt; A dating sim is a game where the relationships are the core gameplay. In Bioware RPGs a large portion of the appeal of the game is about the companion relationships which pretty much refutes your point that dating sims cannot be made to have bigger market appeal. &gt;The OP is asking about dating sim games branching out into other mechanic types, not other genres with any small amount of relationship in them. Don't go around weaseling your way out of the argument. If you make a point, misdirecting to the OP does not save you from criticism.
&gt; The "large portion" you're talking about is less than 5% of the game, mechanically. That's less than, say, 50% which would be a portion that matters in a game design discussion That's a very reductionist view to analyze things. Companions are very much a factor in things like dialog. How much Dating Sim VNs are about the actual dating and romance content wise? And how much they are random events and plot? If we analyze it "Mechanically" they aren't that different, maybe a bit higher percent 15-20% but that's about it.
&gt; Interesting, so I hang out at F95Zone and recently a few others have been trying to explore a similar topic. That's me.
You are missing a couple of dynamics. First Players aren't either heroes or merchants, they are both. As such for merchants to advance the limits of their crafting skills they need to level up by going deeper into the dungeon. They cannot escape from that no matter how rich they are. A level 1 billionaire merchant is worthless. So ultimately all the money needs to be invested in preparation to advance further. &gt;1) The rich get richer with investments and better gear reducing risk Yes that's the whole point of the game. You cannot have a shopkeeping experience without the spenders in the first place. The insurance system is especially to distribute money over multiple lives. Especially since special perks and classes can cost a lot of money. The more death there is, the more customers. &gt;My other issue is multiplayer creates an economy, I would imagine periodic seasonal rests like in Path of Exile are inevitable, a player economy is nice but it cannot last forever. &gt;but you can't have a majority of the playerbase selling items or you flood the economy, Most will just do the dungeons and sell the loot to the merchants which they need to grind for skills and make consumables. Weapons and gear aren't that long lasting either, more like BotW so there always is some demand on both sides. &gt;leading to a shopkeeping elite that's reinforced by the crafting progress based on crafting and etc. A top tier adventurer that is from the deepest dungeon that outlevels everyone can outcompete every merchant if he decides to become one as he would have the highest crafting skill limit based on his level, of course it would take a while and investment to get to that skill level.
&gt;I know that the most effective way to start gamedev is to keep making small games. Maybe that advice is wrong? My answer to a similar thread: https://www.reddit.com/r/gamedev/comments/h9u9o1/how_exactly_do_you_guys_create_or_learn_to_create/fuzbdwk/
&gt; Should the player have to find every ingredient or should they be able to purchase them? Most of the depth in a crafting system is in the "Harvesting", things like collecting, exploration, even trade and strategy of capturing resource areas. Crafting can also be part of the Reward System, kill the Boss, loot the materials, craft the next shiny sword. If you want a more advanced crafting system beyond that, that is much more difficult to do: https://www.reddit.com/r/gamedesign/comments/g0gfbw/comprehensive_crafting_system_analysis/
Something like Realm of the Mad God is possible if you can handle the networking. A Hub World(no combat, or anything too involved) and a 100 player limited server instances for the game.
&gt; A D&amp;D style kitchen sink fantasy? Pretty much. Your regular party of adventurers messing around.
&gt; NPCs don’t play the game, they don’t need to be squeezed into a rigid class structure. An NPC barkeeper mixes drinks and talks, they don’t really need to interact with rules at all, except maybe in a bar fight. It's not really about a rigid class structure. It is about having abilities and roles that define them and are unique from the other characters. Like I said a thief steals, a priest heals.
Fantasy novels are all about those kind of shenaniganz and less about strict combat. &gt; I wouldn't use any rules at all. I want them to be an actual game as in a RPG System. I don't think there is a RPG game do Social Classes like that. They usually have magic powers and are going to focus on the player party anyway and not use the world.
&gt; a lot of them are unfortunately about dice tricks - but as a whole the system is worth checking. Yes. I am tired of skill checks everywhere and the like. &gt; They don't have discrete special abilities; the systems are mostly skill-based, but may still give you some ideas. It does not have to be strictly unique. Just powerful enough strategically. &gt;which are discrete bonuses, Bonuses also leaves me cold. &gt;special abilities or rules exceptions. That sounds interesting. &gt;Fate is not challenge based, it's a story game. Story games also have their own problem in that they aren't that tactical/strategic. I am writing a thread to give a better idea on what I want.
The early episodes are pretty decent, it's worth a watch at least. But take them with a grain of salt, there is also a lot of [bad information](https://critpoints.net/?s=extra+credits).
With 20k units it's either going to be a Total Annihilation or Supreme Commander style game or a Total War Game with army units.
What you are missing about RPS is that you need to make it **tactical** to be properly used. In other words you need to be in a tactical positioning to use it. But your opponent knows where they are weak and will defend or counter with their strength. But you know the opponent is going to do that so you set up things so that will counter that. But your opponent know that you know... and so on. It becomes a dance.
I do like the Abstract Representation of Cultist Simulator and some of it's mechanics. It's just that it's too damn shallow. Based on the cards you input there should have been substantially more outcomes and events. The Aspects should have been used for this but it is underutilized. Based on my [Crafting Analysis](https://www.reddit.com/r/gamedesign/comments/g0gfbw/comprehensive_crafting_system_analysis/). The problem I see is it does not have mutators in the process and it does not have a complex elemental alchemy system, there is some but its very basic. With a elemental alchemy refinement they could try for 2 refinements in parallel from different processes, getting the right timing and then combine and experiment to see what you get.
&gt; You know what I remember from my first game of Cult Simulator: You also got bored and never touched the game again. In fact this is the most likely scenario for all players, before they can make a nice story they already left.
&gt; A game with a single ending is a optimization game. The amount of sense that makes is absolutely Zero.
&gt; There’s a reason this has been where it’s gone. The amount of animators artists required to make an increasing set of moves starts to get really exponential the farther into development you gotta. Except the obvious. Player and Enemy action parity.
This is pretty interesting. I might put a shop like in the game but I am not sure I will make the whole game about it. Since the AI have their own Agency this should work pretty well by itself.
Got a couple of good concepts lying around collecting dust. https://docs.google.com/document/d/1GsDhFxWoJo7D7PHDLpRe0OZ2q61OcACVYLCCkZCpVwM/edit https://docs.google.com/document/d/1Xtf5NU1Q81EekWZYQunWFqkJmznlKebeGfXvJNumky0/edit https://docs.google.com/document/d/1zHm5FsdixS1ljy8Y-T5uY8Lw0Dq5bpOlx9FC5muunU0/edit#heading=h.gy2gyslfcf0p https://docs.google.com/document/d/1O2uN46fikC3FFJ7LHvylMhfmBh48YiTLLexQYhKCpRM/edit#heading=h.46hb2cdhf6z3 https://docs.google.com/document/d/15_EVuWOXwcdJaH3PaOnUxTdYZ9bRPZcAjLGxZp4SJws/edit#heading=h.7h9cz95x16vx You probably won't be anywhere near finished in 2-3 months but you might have a good prototype enough for early access. I also recommend using this for easier asset creation for things like isometric buildings and environment tiles. https://ephtracy.github.io/index.html?page=mv_main
The problem I see is character builds like Diablo and PoE will overshadow any tactical considerations. In fact Diablo is pretty much WoW, but without the balance and restrictions. So in essence what you are doing is just cloning WoW but with a different movement system. &gt;I think a lot of everything makes sense my head, but I just cannot come to a happy solution regarding attacking. That's redundant, if you have wasd movement you only have once choice.
Wasn't there a Voxel based GTA game?
Yes. Having a Game Design Notebook is standard. Always have a Outlining/List App open in a tab and jolt things down whenever you feel like it. I use Workflowy since I have lots of referrals but Dynalist or Trello or whatever might be a better option for you.
There are a few games like that with a character roster and permadeath. I think Fire Emblem is like that? To me what is important is how character live, their agency in the world, rather then how they die. Character death is much like a gimmick to me.
You don't. You commision an actual musician.
It means fiver has no legal protection. If you don't have a contract or license you don't have a copyright. He could sue your ass even if the song was 100% theirs.
Will that save you from being sued? No. The fact that you see copyrighted material should tell you what Fiverr thinks of the "contracts" &gt;I am not a laywer Then get one. Messing with Copyright is always a swamp. Or just stick with things that are buyable from asset stores. Or just don't care and risk it.
**Wait.** While I don't exactly have "creative block" as I already have enough designs to last me a lifetime. But there were plenty of tricky design problems that I wasn't going to solve for a while. Research of course does help and somehow or other you will eventually stumble upon the right thing. My advice is to **keep the problem in mind** while you focus for now on the things that you can do and know. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zyVTxGpEO30&amp;list=PLZQDJJp3vTmB6awcmhFc9V6HG2bd9vofo&amp;index=51
You have any mechanics/systems you particularly like and want to see? I am always looking for interesting mechanics for sandbox style games.
