You didn't get the point. Elites have high prevalence of psycopathy, narcissistic personality disorder, machiavellianism and they often climb to the top of the power and wealth pyramid by exploiting others and purposely blocking others from succeeding via various forms of rent-seeking. If you place them all in a bunker together you will likely achieve mutual ruin. And yes the experiment was trying to breed better egg layers. It doesn't matter what you are breeding for in this example. Multilevel selection created groups that can manage stable mutually beneficial social cooperation. Elite bunkers select people from the top where the selection process selects for psychopaths. just read it...
the elites are the chickens in this example. Money to afford a place in the bunker is a selection criteria with correlations. You cannot afford it unless you have beaucoup $$$$$$$. People that have that much money tend to cluster certain characteristics at much higher rates than the general population. Psychopathy is one of those traits. I am not making judgements about whether it is dysgenic, i am just saying is no bueno to pack a small space with a bunch of those people. I would rather take my chances in a gang of gutterpunks roaming the outlands.
Buy testosterone off the dark web and it will deepen your voice. When he interrupts you say, "I'm sorry, Did the middle of my sentence interrupt the beginning of yours" in a loud voice. When he tells you what to do like he is above you, tell him to do it and you will do the thing he wants to do because he isn't your boss and you didn't come to a consensus about who was doing which role. If you dont let him punk you ever again he will either have to stop or escalate to more aggressive alpha shit. Keep him on his toes and make him fight for it, if you do it cleverly it will make him look like the douche over time and others will recognize his domineering. Because of perception bias people will see things as you stepping out of line instead of him unless you are clever. I would just go for it, life as a beta isn't worth it.
There are actually good answers to this question but i am going to refer you to do a deep dive into it and instead give you my bad answer that is unrelated to the good answers https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Polycentric_law I violated the non-aggression axiom, you punch me back or shoot me for aggressing. people precalculate punching people in the face for no reason may get them killed, no incentive+strong disincentive= i don't randomly punch people in the face. Virtually everyone believes in strong defensive rights and almost no one promotes aggression so there will be convergence in the legal systems and cooperation between systems. "random punching in the face people" die or get pushed out very fast. Nobody will be part of the legal system that allows "Might makes Right" type of Aggressions, so the legal system simply dies or the people in it kill each other in a hobbesian death spiral. Any existence of behavior like this will be a transient noise spike and there is no reason to think it will exist at higher levels than it occurs under current law, it would probably be less common when there are less people willing to pay for supporting violent criminals or protecting them from immediate justice.
don't see anything about taxing rent-seeking
I agree basically. I think we should try harder and make a serious attempt at it, to at least try to have more localism. One thing that may make it possible is if we actually have peak energy scenario and the ultra large state levels of sociopolitical complexity are no longer possible.
its called The Baader-Meinhof phenomenon
Historical ratios of (arable land):(Population) before catastrophe. Irish population maxed out at ~8,200,000 in 1841. 11,587 km2 of arable land.= .14 hectare per capita arable land = 699 per km2 arable land Rwanda maxed out at 6,900,000 11,366 km2 of arable land= .16 hectare per capita arable land = 607 per km2 arable land At .14 hectare per person the Irish were suffering significant nutritional hardship and stunting was the norm. At below .16 hectare per person Rwandan farms were not self-reliant as the traditional typical family living in a relatively self-contained compound on a hillside. At these physiological densities combinations of genocides, die-offs and mass emigration occured These numbers correlate with other research about minimum viable landholding size for meeting minimum subsistence food requirements under high-intensity pre-modern farming. If we look at the conditions of a country at the level just under the 0.14 threshold you can see in the example of Timor-Leste at 0.131 there is not outright Madmax hollywood style starvation, but when you look at the details…. Maternal and child undernutrition is the single greatest contributor to premature death and disability in the country. 50% of all children under-five were stunted in their physical and cognitive development. 63.2% of children 6-59 months old 39.5% women age 14-60 were anemic. Stunting is higher in rural areas than urban and higher in poorer families (59.3% poorest quintile vs. 39.1% richest quintile). The prevalence of Underweight BMI among non-pregnant women is 24.8%. [You can view your country here to see how close to the danger zone you are.](https://data.worldbank.org/indicator/AG.LND.ARBL.HA.PC?end=2015&amp;locations=1W&amp;start=2015&amp;type=shaded&amp;view=map&amp;year=2015&amp;year_high_desc=true) *&lt;NOTE: “Arable land” has a restrictive definition that doesn’t include production from rangeland and other categories that produce some food.* *Some countries have sufficient “non-arable”, yet food producing land, to make this simplistic analysis flawed, Some areas also have what would appear to be substantial land classified as arable but it is of low inherent productivity, we will address these issues and propose more detailed analysis which take into account bioproductivity in part2 or 3*. In **1970** the man that helped save the world last time we were looking at this problem had this to say. *"The green revolution has won a temporary success in man's war against hunger and deprivation; it has given man a breathing space. If fully implemented, the revolution can provide sufficient food for sustenance during the next three decades. But the frightening power of human reproduction must also be curbed; otherwise the success of the green revolution will be ephemeral only. Most people still fail to comprehend the magnitude and menace of the "Population Monster"...Since man is potentially a rational being, however, I am confident that within the next two decades he will recognize the self-destructive course he steers along the road of irresponsible population growth..."* Norman Borlaug, Father of the Green Revolution. Demographic projections have a high degree of certainty, so projections of future world food needs based on population growth are quite reliable.The other major factor contributing to this increase is rising affluence, especially those living in “developing” countries. However, long-term projections of future affluence increases are uncertain and potentially stifled by limits to growth. Yields are no longer improving on 24–39% of our most important cropland areas. Demographic projections have a high degree of certainty, so projections of future world food needs based on population growth are quite reliable.The other major factor contributing to this increase is rising affluence, especially those living in “developing” countries. However, long-term projections of future affluence increases are uncertain and potentially stifled by limits to growth. Global crop production needs to double by 2050 to meet the projected demands from rising population, diet shifts, and increasing biofuels consumption. Boosting crop yields to meet these rising demands, rather than clearing more land for agriculture is the preferred solution to meet this goal. However, we first need to understand how crop yields are changing globally, and whether we are on track to double production by 2050. https://imgur.com/cINLNkm Using ∼2.5 million agricultural statistics, collected for ∼13,500 political units across the world, tracking four key global crops—maize, rice, wheat, and soybean—that currently produce nearly 2/3rd of global agricultural calories. We find that yields in these top four crops are increasing at 1.6%, 1.0%, 0.9%, and 1.3% per year, non-compounding rates, which is less than the 2.4% per year rate required to double global production by 2050. At these rates global production in these crops would increase by maize∼67%, rice∼42%, wheat∼38%, and soybean∼55%, which is far below what is needed to meet projected demands in 2050. This is under the optimistic scenario of extrapolating current trends without accounting for worsening climate and soil health. https://imgur.com/EaMTbLl Yields are no longer improving on 24–39% of our most important cropland areas. https://imgur.com/EgvtGXQ We have plateaued on the S-curve of crop yield increases derived from the “GREEN REVOLUTION” technology package across many locations and crops. https://imgur.com/Wxs1PGf A huge amount of the population's existence is dependent upon fertilizers. The price of these is highly correlated and dependent upon the price of fossil fuels and finite minerals. Peak phosphorus may happen as early as 2030 by some estimates and sub-Saharan Africa's soils are extremely depleted of P. https://imgur.com/njaAfTZ Besides fuels and fertilizer inputs adding to the price of food, much of the price action is related to the Stocks to Use ratio. https://imgur.com/BeZ0ZiV Stocks refer to global inventories, which are calculated based on the level of ending stocks at the close of national crop seasons of the individual countries. The stock-to-use ratio is defined as the sum of ending stocks of all countries divided by their total utilization. The stock-to-disappearance ratio is defined as the sum of ending stocks held by major exporters of a specific commodity divided by these countries’ domestic utilization and exports. ####TL:DR A small number of countries control the worlds food supply, an increasing number of countries are dependent on importing food, some have little to trade for it, and what is traded is usually owned by elites so does not mean that it is exchanged for food or money that goes to the underclasses. The chance of having multiple crop failures in the few countries that have excess for export increases as the climate gets hotter. The number of people dependent on food import is increasing rapidly. Growing consumption in countries that currently export and desire for maintaining stable food prices to maintain internal social stability is likely to reduce export availability at the times when it is needed most. Countries will shut off exports during food crises, food prices will increase dramatically. Billions will be affected.
FICTION STORY thoroughly planned and premeditated profitable crime. Imagine if you pilfered ten bottles of $50 vitamin supplements from walmart in one visit then sold them online. $500 enough for 2 months worth of food. Now you have 2 months to plan your next heist.
options expire. worthless. Time decay. on some other things Leverage means you can lose more than you put in so you have to exit..
I would need an attorney to look up all the statutes of limitations across lots of states before i could even start writing shit down. I'm too paranoid. My main partner in crime i rolled with for ~8 years died a bit over a year ago and we shared the burden of remembering all the stuff the other didn't remember. With him gone there is tons of memories fading out.
beetus on my meatus
why how
Possible if they receive the capital investment and can maintain social+infrastructure to make it work. It is hard to increase productivity when you have to pay roadblock bribes every 50km to move a few tons of fertilizer
Rent-seeking is clearly defined in economics
The crystals are not active they are some sort of sugar/carb from the mushroom. You need to put a pinch of ascorbic or citric acid in there to help prevent oxidation. Ethanol plus antioxidant acid extraction works well. never tried to create a dry extraction product because everyone else says it is too oxodegradeable.
&gt; Reddit litecoin LOL
That has always been a recipe for wasting your life. I do stuff to make money maybe 3 months per year and then go camping the other 9 months when the weather is nice
You cannot just blame affluent consumers when it is PopulationXAffluence that is responsible for environmental impact. BOTH things need to be restrained according to math.
/r/collapse /u/MakeTotalDestr0i https://www.reddit.com/r/collapse/comments/a6hr70/rcollapse_best_of_2018_awards/
Best true, kind, and helpful comment
!lntip 20
Tankie is a pejoritive for authoritarian leftists. Basically the nazis of the left
!lntip 20
!lntip 20
We will take those things into consideration. Find your best posts and put them up for recommndation so people see them.
It has been shown in city after city build bike paths and the cyclists come afterwards
The french were required to have yellow vests in their vehicles for emergencies . Everyone didn't go out and buy yellow vests like good consumer bitches. Nice try walmart marketing. Walmart should sell a starter pack a guy fawkes gasmask, black outfit, with bike helmet and yellow vest.
I find it interesting that my generation were fed ritalin and adderall like candy, since they were children, and now there is a massive countrywide meth epidemic that started when my cohort hit 18 and has been going strong ever since maybe giving kids meth was bad mmm'kay
http://psycnet.apa.org/record/1960-01158-001 People convince themselves because if you don't lie to yourself you have to stare in the face of yourself capitulating to misery for the benefit of those higher on the hierarchy. I would like to see their stress hormones measured along with drug/alcohol abuse rates and self harm/suicide taken from the same sample over time. More objective measures than self reporting that is affected by specific known cognitive biases.
employees have to sign a statement of faith and agree that they oppose same-sex marriage – Ham said they were allowed as a religious organization, and he chalked up opposition to “prejudice against Christians.”
use monero.
Population sociopolitical complexity. think failure of large international bodies like the E.U. Life Expectancy Food prices Food stock to use ratios Median GDP per capita
you cannot use peroxide with spore because it kills them. It only works for tissue culture because mycellium produce peroxidases that neutralize the H2O2. Spores are not germinated and cannot neutralize it so get destroyed by it.
Fruit and nut trees. They pay dividends for decades to centuries. Same with fish ponds and pigeons. Once they are established minimum inputs needed and you can just harvest yields that directly offset your food costs and maybe give you something to sell.
no i don't think so
TIL god is gay
pareto distributions are a fundamental part of the universe. It is a problem humans should find prosocial non-authoritarian solutions to. As for programmers, unfortunately, only far outliers on the IQ distribution with specific neurotypes are capable of such technical prowess and creativity. You can teach someone in the 5th percentile of intelligence to code but you can't make them a Buterin or a Torvald. Training is mostly irrelevant because brilliant people are usually auto-didactic and will do what they do by chasing the goals of their imaginations and training themselves. This stuff is way more biologically determined than most people are comfortable with. I admit it is very disturbing when capitalism delivers increasingly outsized rewards to those freaks and capitalists and then delivers virtually nothing to everyone else.
Because price and surplus energy are not exactly linked, supply and demand determines price while physics determines eroei. To think about this simply realize the eroei of some saudi fields is still 100:1 while some 3:1 tar-sands fields still sell oil for the same price as the saudis. The global net energy can perform more work at 100:1 so the total percent of the economy dedicated to energy extraction is lower and allows the surplus to flow into other sectors and growth.
#Abstract Jacobson and Delucchi have recently put forward a detailed case in support of the claim that renewable energy sources can meet total world energy demand. The following argument is that this proposal is unsatisfactory, primarily because it does not deal effectively with the problems set by the variability of renewable energy sources, and also because its analysis of investment costs is inadequate.
&gt;Right but isnt it sort of presumptive to say its actually flowing into other sectors past a certain point and not just making the bottom line better for oil companies? i think maybe you are trying to say [resource rents](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Resource_rent) exist? &gt;If the saudis could sell for 5 bucks a barrel they still wouldnt because they can get that fifty , and everyone from plastic toy makers to steel mills make money at 50. And here you are just describing profit margin? &gt;So 100 to 1 or 30 to 1 we have a divorce between "flow into other sectors / general growth" and "business as usual" and i am not sure what you are saying here
where do you get jobs
How?
I was getting interested until i got to this part and it tickled my danger meter. &gt; The network is decentralized in that many independent organizations operate nodes on the network. Systems that are run on the network (e.g., IBM Blockchain World Wire) may select which nodes to trust in forming a consensus. The network is not susceptible to a 51% attack. In many respects, it is more decentralized than existing POW or POS networks.
No provably false material
congress people only work like 176 days a year. plenty of time for self-care
How often do you get the opportunity to socialize with women?
!lntip 20
!lntip 20
!lntip 30
!lntip 20 minimum is 10 satoshis, i don't know maximum
10 bitcoin is not realistic for at least 5 billion people on this planet. Most people's income barely covers basic necessities. Even 1 bitcoin is an extremely hard achievement for minimum wage workers in the USA.
I want to meet the person that lost all their bitcoin in a boating accident
!lntip 50
I have lived deeply in the latin american community , the white community and i lived in hawaii on muliple occasions for multiple years. There are many ways latin culture is superior to "american white culture." You can look at the suicide rates of "white culture" and latin culture and see latin populations have superior elements. There is no reason we can't integrate the best elements of "white culture" and latin culture. Hawaii is a 3rd world shithole with great weather. The people are the most racially mixed of any state and they tend to hate outsiders. At some point the gentrification that is dispossessing the local populations will have to lead to a violent uprising or an extermination attempt. The locals have strong culture and solidarity that follows blood and historical ties. From my estimation they will win when it comes down to the attempt at culling them. The only possible way is to slowly kill them with homelessness and drugs but gentrification is moving so fast that there are literally ten of thousands homeless building into an army. I guarantee that situation will become untenable. If your experience of hawaii is living in one of the apartheid burbclaves i will just have you know that there are legions of pissed off poor people just waiting to take back their shit. Also there is a large latin population in hawaii. also why turn this sub into r/hbd
Should have bought those put options but i sit in cash. I convinced my parents to pull everything out of their meager retirement stock funds (mid 5 figures) into cash right at the peak. This is just the notional value of corporate shitty asshole america crashing. The bottom 80% of the USA only needs to worry once the "bear market" turns into a recession in the real economy. Bitcoin is making some gains again after ~90% crash. I have been interested to see how it behaves during economic turmoil. BTC could have sufficient true believer supporters to become a self-fulfilling prophecy at this point but we won't know until the unemployment rate cracks into double or triple its current levels. We have to see if the buy support for crypto continues when tech companies lay off the nerd upper middle class that makes weekly buys. I will go all in on NTR stock if the price tanks far enough during the coming recession and they get their debt under control. It will be a good income producing hedge in the future. There are very few scenarios where fertilizer won't be required in huge amounts to feed the global population. The scary scenario is that some people cannot afford fertilizer and therefore can not produce enough food, if that line gets higher and higher more people starve and NTR can't stay profitable. Global food production could fall.
&gt;Saying that Latin culture is better than the Germanic American one due to suicide rates is the same as saying that Japan sucks while the Philippines rocks simply because Filipinos are a lot happier than Japanese folks on average. Civilization is not always sweet and pleasant, otherwise why not go to the Philippines? I don't understand why people like you think having a civilization for people who can work joylessly in a neoliberal dystopia is a good thing? "Civilization at the expense of happiness" a self-reinforcing societal pattern of depletion of the land, accumulation of wealth, conquest, repression, central control, and insulation and disconnection from life. Why the dystopic civilization fetishism? I see this among NRX types and i don't understand it. Is it sado-masochism? I recognize a clear cluster of traits that make this mental pattern but i don't understand the origins or rationality behind it. Singapore is a terrible shredder of humanity
!lntip 20
!lntip 10 that's a 2nd
!lntip 10 lntip doesn't go lower than 10 sats
now go tip somebody else at least 20 so they can tip someone else
!lntip 30
Heritability is masked in the poor by socioeconomic restraints.
populationXaffluence= environmental destruction Are the number of species in the world increasing or decreasing precipitiously? Is the amount of wildlife habitat increasing or decreasing? Is the total amount of top soil declining or increasing? Is the total amount of human origin waste products entering the environment increasing and accumulating or decreasing? Is the total global human biomass displacing the rest of the natural world? Could we feed our entire population without synthetic fertilizers derived from finite sources? or would world population be cut in half? Ask your friends what would make them believe overpopulation was real
!lntip 20
!lntip 20
!lntip 20
!lntip 20
!lntip 20
!lntip 20
!lntip 20
!lntip 20 just type !lntip XY where XY is the number of satoshis you want to send
Impossible Nothing that good could happen
Agorism has been effective and is one of many pathways for abolishing capitalism. /r/Agorism
people are organizing the equivalent of a "Bank run" on the exchanges to force them to prove they are not fractional reserving bitcoins. It will also force the exchanges to prove that they can access their cold wallets.
You may want to check the voting record of many democrats, you may be surprised at what you discover.
I am curious what you are like to hang out with in real life. Obviously don't answer this if it puts you at risk of doxxing but what do you do with yourself in the real world when not schooling people on reddit.
some exchanges in the past collapsed after relatively minor panics because they were trading fractionally. Hell, MtGOX didn't even know they were missing all the bitcoins until hundreds of thousands were gone.
are those PF blocks
!lntip me too and i will give it all away. look at my post history
As BHO
Ive done the calculation buying feed by the bag from retail and i can actually buy bulk commercial chicken meat at the per pound cost of retail chicken feed bags. I realized how fucked the system is and how much economic distortion there is that will eventually whipsaw into reality
Learn to garden and save seeds. If nothing else it will save you money on vegetables and make your health better
mental flexibility, and a willingness to take risks and ability to understand and manage risks.
Add a .gov shutdown to the mix! woohoooo
Wait for the recession to crush it for 2 years then go look for deals. The real question though is "why will london be relevant in the future"? We can access the financial markets from computers anywhere and crypto is going to disrupt much of the financial industry. Why would someone voluntarily live in the shithole weather of london when they can do all the same stuff in ibiza. Maybe the Lindy effect is a good reason to buy london. i dont know
Everything will be done to keep food flowing to the cities. Homeless are everywhere already, no one seems to give a fuck. Just learn how to be homeless, its better than working to make someone else rich doing the same repetitive menial tasks all day every day.
!lntip 20
!lntip 20
!lntip 30
!lntip 20
!lntip 20 [DIS JAM THO](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8yGYfdyYylE)
!lntip 30
!lntip 20
!lntip 10
!lntip 20
Don't vacuum them all the way. the negative pressure can fuck stuff up.
!lntip 30
Don't invest in land unless you will develop it because blank land creates negative experience. Invest in mana as a passive investment as mana will be burned and supply reduced over time.
My face definitely wasn't on the news so it must have been other people doing the same thing.
!lntip 20
not the precipice. already there
!lntip 30
Intellectual Property is an artificial monopoly created by state violence, the most optimal solution would be to eliminate it entirely.
I salute you sir. May your HODL be strong. May your buys be there to take my sells when i need to cash out and build my doomsday estate.
I would put my money on deflation and then whipsaw inflation when they do all the stupid bailouts/QE/negative interest and all that other shit.
ah yes, the bail-ins. how could i forget
Lets say you need insulin and the cost of production is $1 per dose and competing firms drive the price down to $2 per dose which includes their profits. Production still costs $1 but IP makes it cost $500 per dose. With IP being taxed and those taxes being distributed to everyone equally will still leave someone with diabetes unable to afford 365 doses of $500 medicine, it creates a gross misallocation where IP victimizes the sick through rent-seeking but simply spreads the spoils more evenly. People don't bear the costs of the rent-seeking evenly with IP. IPGeorgism is Less optimal than abolishing that form of rent-seeking. Fairly=?100% of tax goes to those afflicted by the particular form of IP rent-seeking? You will end up with a calculation problem Who is damaged by how much by each of the many types of IP rents Eliminate the rents by eliminating enforcement of IP
thats fucking retarded, all they have to do is stop allowing artificial monopolies with IP and let the market compete. India could produce shit for $0.10 a pill that sell for $500 a pill in the USA. Just nullyfying the government protection racket would drop all drug prices more than the boondoggle of .gov attempting to become a drug company
Japan has maintained or increased its standard of living by lowering its population not by growing its economy, this will be a crucial component for civilized societies going forward into the zero-growth era. Dividing the same pie among **less** people is the new "rising tide to lift all the boats" of countries that don't over-reproduce or import outsiders. I would bet money to anyone, that standard of living declines going forward over the next ~60 years will be the least bad among countries with *falling*^1 populations ^1 (falling from demographic winter,not die off like will be occurring in Africa after 2030)
Lightning doesn't have watchdogs, you are thinking of D0gec0in
&gt; Having less people means less pie being baked let me introduce you to a guy named automation
There are many reasons why the answer is yes, including real world examples but i don't have time to go into right now but try searching for books about it. I can't remember any specific book names but there are some good ones that go through and hit all the arguments for IP and refute most of them well.
LOLz My broken clock is right twice a day so it doubles zero hedges accuracy
!lntip 20
!lntip 20
!lntip 20
A lightning node can sip like 5 watts if it is a RasPi. maybe $1 a month expense, worse case scenario.
its a famous quote
!lntip 20
plz sir
One thing people from the post 2006 era don't remember is that the radical community didn't have any of these shitty toxic properties until the mid 2000's. Anarchism was fun and happy, people could think, say and do whatever they wanted without everyone freaking out. Ya'll just need to dispose of the SJW culture and reclaim the old school shit.
I discovered only positive effects from the government shutdown, there are no longer armed men blocking my path into national parks demanding i pay money to access and explore nature that is the birthright of every human
people sell and buy real estate with bitcoin all the time, check craigslist, search bitcoin
&gt; no aspiration to become an architect because there won't be any need for people like that in the future. People will still need architects in the future you may just be using different materials and techniques. &gt; I no longer feel a commitment to my community, I feel a distance when I talk about it with my family and friends because they look at me like I'm crazy but these past weeks they are starting to open up to me about it and I miss when they looked at me like I was crazy. This is just the depression talking. Find a new community. &gt;Everything feels aimless now, like there is no point seeking out a future, finding someone to be with or keeping up the niceties. This is everyone. You have to make meaning and purpose. &gt;Once 2020 arrives I can't see myself sticking around, I know some people will say not to be hopeless and to instead live life as best as I can while I still can but it's easier said than done. I know it is hard to fight depression when you are depressed but don't make important decisions that negatively affect your future while depressed.
Jihan works at fortune cookie company now and it trying to pump
bull trap
i get what you are saying but the [those people](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Law_of_attraction_\(New_Thought\)) aren't talking about having a positive attitude to do something.
don't look for 5 years
Having sufficient food supplies locally is what the USA has, it is not what many of the 2nd and 3rd world countries have. The excess mortality will be in sub-saharan african countries and other countries dependent on imports, especially those with low purchasing power. ^[1](https://www.reddit.com/r/BottleNeck/comments/9dd7yo/bottleneckdarkfuturologypart_1_how_the_population/)
Apollo- So private you no one's even heard of it and no one uses it.
How long will you be in oregon? message me in like 4-5 months if you are still there
They never offered any evidence or details about anything he did other than "being defensive" which is "aggressive".
What about his behavior wasn't calm?
How is asking questions at a Q&amp;A session "out of line" and "aggressive"? or are you being sarcastic?
This is my interpretation too. I don't understand the people acting like this kid did something aggregious.
well, at least you still have insects.
&gt; Both misery and enlightenment snowball. And right now, much of this country is snowballing towards faux-populist oligarchy. The worse off they are, the more appealing harshness and cruelty are. And every lost job, every collapses economy, every preventable death, causes them to double down. How do we get away from sociopathic elite run neoliberalism and faux-populist authoritarian oligarchy towards an alternative instead of bouncing back and forth into those two evils?
In complex dynamic systems, causes are effects feeding back into causes so you think of everything as existing simultaneously as cause and effect feeding each other.
Oh it gets so much worse, https://www.houstonchronicle.com/local/gray-matters/article/Texas-colonias-6389187.php There are 500,000 to millions in third world conditions within the USA. I promise you it is worse than you will read about in the media.
It is more efficient than beourgeosie white english by syllable/word count at conveying equivalent information in general everyday settings. linguistically one might say it is an upgrade, but ethnocentrism and in-group/out-group biases make people dismiss it as ignorant
because an American chose to use a metric that 95% of the world uses, especially when talking about climatic deviations from the norm, its fake. you could check her post history to see she is a real person telling real stories about real life.
Colonias exist in all the south border states. and equivalents in some other states, generally in the form of native-american reservations.
&gt; people living in poverty in 1970 were still struggling to afford housing, school, healthcare, food, and other basics. as a percent of income it was **less** real dollars for those things in 1970 by a huge margin
/r/Paupericide is best
what do you mean?
i was talking about bill clinton.
https://www.salon.com/2016/08/28/a-failed-policy-based-on-failed-research-the-destructive-legacy-of-bill-clintons-1996-welfare-reform-act/
Literally, all you have to do is drive to a shithole place and hang out in the poor areas to see this shit. there is nothing remarkable about this other than the fact you are insulated from the real world enough to think it is made up. Where do you live?
remember that time working class people got campaign financing without proving themselves obedient to corporate donor class. me neither
so revolution wen?
because she is a neoliberal warmonger that works for the banksters and corporates to destroy the working classes.
https://www.salon.com/2016/08/28/a-failed-policy-based-on-failed-research-the-destructive-legacy-of-bill-clintons-1996-welfare-reform-act/
&gt; who believe in “collapse” collapse has occurred across civilizations since the beginning of civilization. So it isn't weird to "believe" in something that exists.
stockton and bakersfield are special shitholes too
silver for you, degenerate
Changes in Hydration with clean water doesn't correlate. Look at where the deaths of despair occur.
underground economy beckons you
we already see it.
The restrictions are the amount of mana, mana is required to create/buy into existence new land and the other method of expanding peoples Land size requires votes in agora.
##Abstract Crop yields are projected to decrease under future climate conditions, and recent research suggests that yields have already been impacted. However, current impacts on a diversity of crops subnationally and implications for food security remains unclear. Here, we constructed linear regression relationships using weather and reported crop data to assess the potential impact of observed climate change on the yields of the top ten global crops–barley, cassava, maize, oil palm, rapeseed, rice, sorghum, soybean, sugarcane and wheat at ~20,000 political units. We find that the impact of global climate change on yields of different crops from climate trends ranged from -13.4% (oil palm) to 3.5% (soybean). Our results show that impacts are mostly negative in Europe, Southern Africa and Australia but generally positive in Latin America. Impacts in Asia and Northern and Central America are mixed. This has likely led to ~1% average reduction (-3.5 X 1013 kcal/year) in consumable food calories in these ten crops. In nearly half of food insecure countries, estimated caloric availability decreased. Our results suggest that climate change has already affected global food production.
&gt; At some point (in the early 1990s, my memory suggests), those employees left en masse or were fired, and replaced with what seemed to be minimum-wage kids at their first job, with no tech expertise. Suddenly, the staff at RS had no information to offer, only parts. Any questions asked were answered with shrugs. Indeed, Radio Shack of that era may have been the place where the phrase "I just work here" was first coined. &gt; &gt; Where i lived i would place the firing/disappearance of the good employees mid to late 90s but i lived in a backwater so it may have held out longer because the people who worked there would have no other employment opportunities once radioshack dropped them from living wage down to minimum wage.
He is so illiterate he wrote multiple best selling books, is one of the worlds foremost experts on the math of risk, and publicly puts powerful rent-seeking con artists and charlatan bullshitters on blast.
[A small number of countries control the worlds food supply, an increasing number of countries are dependent on importing food, some have little to trade for it, and what is traded is usually owned by elites so this does not mean that it is exchanged for food or money that goes to the underclasses. The chance of having multiple crop failures in the few countries that have excess for export increases as the climate gets hotter. The number of people dependent on food imports is increasing rapidly. Growing consumption in countries that currently export and desire maintaining stable food prices to maintain internal social stability is likely to reduce export availability at the times when it is needed most. Countries will shut off exports during food crises, food prices will increase dramatically. Billions will be affected.](https://www.reddit.com/r/BottleNeck/comments/9dd7yo/bottleneckdarkfuturologypart_1_how_the_population/) recommend clicking the link and looking at charts and reading the details
I was just surprised someone calculated bioproductivity with costs and converted it to fuel production costs.
they tried stopping markets in the soviet era,shit never works.
everything will be settled within 200 years
geese love the stuff and will pull out the rhizomes and eat them if the soil is loose enough. geese also love some garden plants and will eat them preferentially depending on what is available
They will work fine as long as they get some direct sun during the day, it just takes longer for them to produce fruit, they might produce less and it may not get as sweet or as colorful with less sun
A plan depends on what resources you can muster. Just think through what you would do if you lost your job/source of income and had no job prospects.
the 4 food groups of the apocalypse
*:eyes meaty vegan children while selecting BBQ sauce: * mmm yes, of course
&gt; rant-seeking brilliant
[Parable of the Tribes](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PxStSCGNhlA) + [Ethnocentrism because it is an evolutionarily stable strategy](https://egtheory.wordpress.com/2013/06/30/how-ethnocentrics-rule/), where ethnicity is defined sociologically as any people with a shared culture, not the colloquial definition of whatever "genetic "master race". and ethnocentrism being the alternative to selfishness,traitorousness and humanitarian strategies. + Permaculture ............ permaculture would be extinguished in the long-term post collapse by warlike people invading the territory using transient [windfall effects](https://www.jstor.org/stable/27503682?seq=1#page_scan_tab_contents) to overpower the steady state permie societies. So the permies must precolonize themselves with the ethnocentric violent paradigm to maintain permaculture as a cultural trait. It is the harsh choice where we have sustainable permaculture society with some ethnocentric inter-bioregional conflicts or a rapacious society that continues the non-sustainable cycle of empire and collapse while destroying carrying capacity with each cycle until the entire earth is wasteland that supports an [Ik-like](https://www.amazon.com/Mountain-People-Colin-M-Turnbull/dp/0671640984) existence at best. ...... I could probably explain this better and make a more convincing case but i need someone to ask more stuff so i can think through how to say it to other people outside my internal dialogue
sorry, you triggered yourself through misunderstanding. you will miss out on a lot of harm reduction potential because you are to emotional to grok these deeper patterns and how to intervene in systems to make a difference.
https://esajournals.onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/pdf/10.1890/04-0566 i think there are some potential pathways, assuming a post-collapse future. None during the fossil fuel era
NEVER GO FULL RETARD
Im going to miss the council but have time to possibly get to the national
x-post to /r/Vaporwave
####Abstract This paper studies the effects of adding criminal offenders to a DNA database. Using a large expansion of Denmark’s DNA database, we find that DNA registration reduces recidivism within the following year by as much as 43% and it also increases the probability that offenders are identified. We thereby estimate the elasticity of crime with respect to the detection probability to be -2.7, implying that a 1% higher detection probability reduces crime by more than 2%. We also find that DNA registration makes offenders more likely to find employment, enroll in education, and live in a more stable family environment.
your right, there are elites there too.
Some of the most moronic naive interventionism
I am guessing there will be lots of pennies on the dollar consolidation and probably super majors will scoop up any useful assets then reopen the pumps when the price spike hits.
http://sci-hub.tw/https://doi.org/10.1016/j.tics.2019.01.003
&gt;No. You can grow as much food as you want with uranium and minimal labor. Instructions unclear Why is my cereal glowing and why does little billy have 7 toes?
In pakistan people would buy those bricks for building and cooking
https://www.reddit.com/r/india/comments/bzll1p/indian_villages_lie_empty_as_drought_forces/
Most Maca is heavily contaminated with lead
they were anti commie comments
As a long time [degenerate hobo drifter](https://www.reddit.com/r/simpleliving/comments/5o4ij7/i_lived_with_nothing_but_a_backpack_traveling_for/) i can tell you , you have the right attitude.
I've grown corpulent from gorging on avocado toast and thus i can no longer reach my bootstrapz
. * Bashfully touches corpulent nether regions * . * Smears avocado on nipplez * "U R my Waifu now!" , he exclaims
cool see you in wisconsin/Minnesota
mmm hmm ;)wink wink
. * disagrees in [otherkin](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Otherkin) * . * experiences trans-species dysphoria * . * peers down at the 6 nipples on my [milk-lines](https://www.sciencedirect.com/topics/medicine-and-dentistry/milk-line) * . * smears avocado libertarianly upon bodice * TeHeHeHe
problem is they can drop interest a few more times and nuke your puts with more bubble blowing.
Global warming is heating the books, how do you think they got cooked
&gt;What'd you say? fuck if i know.
is this a mental exercise or something you are attempting? Both, I have been slacking off with actually writing about it. My original plan was something that someone on a USA minimum wage could accomplish over 5 years, assuming they can get a space to do it for cheap or free, which is possible with some socializing. My other assumption is that it is not fully self contained but instead reduces dependence on outside sources to a minimum over time and keeps environmental conditions in the optimum range for humans/production of necessities. For example a greenhouse closed and full of plants can decrease the internal ambient C02 to healthy levels versus the future levels that harm cognitive functioning, and the lower levels slow plant growth but make for more nutritious crops versus CO2 fertilized crops that have more bulk and way less nutrition. It only needs to decrease dependence on outside supplies enough that the inhabitant stays above the survival threshold while others without the "minimally viable survival pod" fall below the survival/functionality threshold in an extended bottleneck. People in VZLA get what they can from the dole and the market but people who have primary production still do way better than those falling below subsistence levels, it was the same in russia, the russians were antifragile because their system was inefficient for so long lots of them had an acre of potatoes and veggies they could fall back on, those who were wholly dependent on the system were fucked. It would have above and below ground areas, for example the heat exchanger would have buried lines for dissipating heat and bring the cooled fluids to an old car radiator+fan, an insulated dwelling area, It could be fairly cheap, robust and primitive, much of the tech working off of repurposed junk and free stuff. The total size of the thing will be large, probably over 4000ft^2 of space, most of it being greenhouse. I am not interested in plans that involve blank checks, people are already doing that with the billionaire bunkers, but they are making lots of critical mistakes with regards to the long term viability of those places. I am interested in a DIY working class build-as-you-go version for people that actually want to attempt surviving with good air water food etc... Hypothetically there would be lots of synergy/economies-of-scale in establishing communities of people working on their individual set up and collectivizing. I am just doing early brainstorming but i already have a lot worked out in my mind and will start making a demonstration model eventually, with budgets and simple instructions for components of the system. It will not be possible in all areas because of environmental conditions but we 1st worlders have decent mobility to get to optimal areas where it will be possible.
I've lived in shipping containers and don't like them, they get super hot in the sun, cold in the winter, dissipative surface area is too high for efficient climate control, the width is annoying, a .22lr bullet zips through them like butter, and if they get loaded from the side or buried they collapse catastrophically, and they turn into piles of rust pretty fast. If they are cheap enough they are worth it for some stuff definitely but they became trendy and it is getting harder to find them for super cheap.
how would you describe china's political economic configuration?
that's an accurate description IMO
/r/BottleNeck
The transcript misses a lot of the best doom stuff that is in the video interview. The video continues after the last part of the transcript. Epic doom predictions.
It is actually the second video that auto plays after the one with the transcript. same guy
Never because ya'll are a bunch of fucking pussies that are going to boil like frogs in tyranny and poverty. Letting them take more and more until you have nothing to fight with and they have hyper militarized corporation.gov cradle to grave surveillance state to suppress any rebellion before it takes off and suppress news of it even happening. &gt;As Solzhenitsyn’s character reflects in The Gulag Archipelago: “How we burned in the camps later, thinking: What would things have been like if … during periods of mass arrests, as for example in Leningrad, when they arrested a quarter of the entire city, people had not simply sat there in their lairs, paling with terror at every bang of the downstairs door and at every step on the staircase, but had understood they had nothing left to lose and had boldly set up in the downstairs hall an ambush of half a dozen people with axes, hammers, pokers, or whatever else was at hand?… The cursed machine would have ground to a halt! If…if…We didn’t love freedom enough. And even more – we had no awareness of the real situation…. We purely and simply deserved everything that happened afterward.” /r/Paupericide
Le tree of liberty must be fertilized with Le blood of tyrants
&gt;Many plants are carbon limited, so increased atmospheric production will benefit plant growth. Most plants are not carbon limited, mostly in heavily fertilized irrigated lands does CO2 fertilization work. It also decreases the nutrient content of plants per unit of weight. Overall the most up to date studies show CO2 fertiliztion will not even compensate for yield losses caused by temperatures getting hotter and volatile /r/MakeTotalDestr0i for sources EDIT : also Nitrogen fixation fails with Phosphorus depletion and also diminishes from other cation (Ca K Mg) depletion source: "Nature and properties of soil"
#(ノಠ益ಠ)ノ彡┻━┻
&gt; to buy a beanie baby for your estranged daughter who went with your wife who left you for being such a goddamn disappointment. *** lol
I found the paper that was the original study (no list) then used their selection criteria of what made a zombie, then i used selection tools from some website i had to actually make an account at, to generate a list of publicly traded companies. My determination was that data quality was low, and a most of the companies had already crashed down over a year ago during this rolling bear market and there may not be much juice left to short out of them. I vaguely remember a lot of them being medical speculative stocks. I closed all my tabs and lost all the research but my take away was that there wasn't as much actionable short oppurtunities as i had hoped. It seems to have priced-in hardcore during the DEC2018 plunge, way before i got there, . Like 90 percent drops. Someone already beat us to the strategy.
what interests you besides games?
Just poop in bags then throw them into the doors of businesses that don't let you use their bathrooms. Thats what i do. Eventually people will realize public restrooms are a necessity for a functioning civilization full of dispossessed
cuck zucks
Junkies are a self solving problem just like anti-natalists. Sharps containers and decriminalization are very effective.
The rightwing nationalists use the cow as a symbol like american neonazis use milk
We estimate energy expenditure for the US and world economies from 1850 to 2012. Periods of high energy expenditure relative to GDP (from 1850 to 1945), or spikes (1973–74 and 1978–79) are associated with low economic growth rates, and periods of low or falling energy expenditure are associated with high and rising economic growth rates (e.g. 1945–1973). Over the period 1960–2010 for which we have continuous year-to-year data for control variables (capital formation, population, and unemployment rate) we estimate that, statistically, in order to enjoy positive growth, the US economy cannot afford to spend more than 11% of its GDP on energy. Given the current energy intensity of the US economy, this translates in a minimum societal EROI of approximately 11:1 (or a maximum tolerable average price of energy of twice the current level). Granger tests consistently reveal a one way causality running from the level of energy expenditure (as a fraction of GDP) to economic growth in the US between 1960 and 2010. A coherent economic policy should be founded on improving net energy efficiency. This would yield a “double dividend”: increased societal EROI (through decreased energy intensity of capital investment), and decreased sensitivity to energy price volatility.
ruined
Hand it to trump you fucking idiot democrats. Neoliberals are not politically viable if they have to run against anything else, only through the subversion of democracy are neolibs put on the ballot
what country do you expect to collapse?
&gt; How can I give him hope when I have none? You don't need to give him hope, you just need to not take it away from him. &gt; How can I protect him from things out of my control? You can't. convert your worry into productivity by doing whatever you can do that actually helps him. and stop worrying about things you can't do anything about. .............................................................. (Currently faded on benadryl and ephedrine) [Soundtrack](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_WjeWsiujmU) to listen to while reading this post. ............................................................................. When i was a kid, my mom was ethiopian skinny, my dad was poaching for food and bringing home fresh roadkill, we lived in a roach infested shack that had holes between the walls and the floor so big that i could stick my hands out of them, my mom gardened on the edge of land owners fields in the ditches, things grew better there with the fertilizer run-off. it was ~1987 and the the economic crisis was raging, the oil field was bust, there were no jobs and the reagan era welfare defunding left nothing of a safety net, especially in south texas. The area i lived in many people didn't have running water or other first world amenities. As the 90s came around the crack epidemic and gang wars were raging hardcore, duck and cover from gunfire was completely normal for me. We often lived in a van on the beach, i slept outside in holes i would dig in the sand to get out of the wind because the van had mildew inside. There are summers here so hot here the asphalt melts. we had moved to a house with a garage apartment in the back which was a junkie lounge, i would watch junkies fall down the stairs and couples mercilessly beating the shit out of each other regularly for finishing off the last of the dope. I watched junkies OD and die in the front yard and asked my mom how to make myself turn purple because i saw dead people's purple faces. By the time i was probably 8 i had a bike and free run to leave the house in the morning and come back at night. I found other street kids and did street kid stuff like break into old abandoned buildings and explore the ruins. Us kids built second homes in the ruins, we had no concept of standard of living other than "it is not raining on us and it is shadier on hot days". We had our clubhouses built in ruins that suited us fine and we even defended them from marauding tribes of other street kids sometime older, bigger and stronger than us but we had the advantage, already setup for defense, already loaded up our slingshot rock supply and our squirt-guns full of rotten piss. We all found hustles to make some money here and there, even as children, we found ways to get what we needed. Now the important part of all of this is that it seemed like i was living in a magical wild world where i was free. I was completely normalized to all of that stuff and i was happy. I later came to be a hitchhiker that traveled around living with street kids, eating dumpster food, squatting abandoned buildings and guerilla gardening, i enjoyed it a lot and had adventures so fun i can't even write about them because everything fun is illegal. Now over the past few years on reddit i keep finding myself in domesticated situations bored to death feeling like i am decomposing because i am stuck taking care of ailing family. The Kids will be fine, they will adapt, you are the ones who need to deal with your shit. The kids will be fine, they will deal with collapse like a fish deals with water, just part of everything. And to quote one of my dead road homies ^1 . *"What we lacked in wilderness we made up for with ruins."* ^1 (R.I.P. JayT, One of the most larcenous scoundrels the world has ever known.) Too many of you are engaging in self-torture by living in the **misery-of-the-future** in the **now**. kids adapt, you need to not drag them down with your worry. They won't even feel something "bad" is happening, it will just be the world. There is beauty in the collapse and kids will have a chance to live it, if you let them and don't drag them down with you. I fear, not collapse, but progress... crushing the last bit of wildness in the kids, in people. In this current de-risked world everyone has anxiety and the kids are killing themselves, in my world the everything was out there to kill us so we learned to survive and it gave us meaning.
I'm waiting for someone to update [this](https://science.sciencemag.org/content/336/6079/310?ijkey=8775c5c917873c4bdb6226cb2be1f5ada5dabe6e&amp;keytype2=tf_ipsecsha) with estimates of when the river flow will be reduced to one of the most densely populated intensive agricultural areas in the world.
&gt;These low-income families, without access to expensive private water tankers or rainwater harvesting systems, are almost entirely dependent on groundwater for basic needs -- and thus are hit hardest in crises Get your rainwater catchments in now.
the more expensive berkey filters, i think the black ones, already have carbon. RO is better
Can you please do /r/collapse
&gt; Bullshit, insects produce way more meat per kilo of food source? &gt;Unlike most of our animals, insects don’t need to compete with us for food The insects cultivated for human consumption are grown on feedstock made of grains/legumes insects are our main competitor for food, that's why there is a bazillion dollar pesticide industry
mana is burned everyday when transactions take place on the market.
NAM_SHUB
Someone should tell them that they could use their billions of dollars in dividends to hire more people and give raises
&gt;because "wealth redistribution doesn't work" according to them
&gt; I hope my BTC is enough to leave this planet with one of Musk's rockets to Mars with my family. Why do you want to suicide
&gt;When the unwashed masses exit the cities in search of food how far do you really think they will get? Why would they leave the cities? Why is food not in the cities? Why would they expend energy going out of the cities? Why would things be different outside the cities?
I see no solution that germany would be happy with.
Its from a nazi website but the data is the best i can find of land ownership patterns all in one place. Anyone that isn't fully retarded can read around the few neoreaction promoting sentences.
What was he working on?
why have 1 or 10 teslas when you could buy productive assets like an actual rich person
Margin works wonders both directions. You should have calculated your maximum risk of that trade and then only put in as much as you were willing to lose in a margin call. Risk teaches you valuable life lessons. Everyone that accomplishes anything in life takes big risks and learns how to eat a loss. Just make sure you meditate on it and learn lessons. you should read nassim talebs books
yeah the fee takers win
welcome to arkansas
someone needs to make a crowdfunding investment site where people post lawsuit worthy cases like this and get investments from the public to fund the legal , then the investors get paid out. Everyone wins except the psycho cops
they get the money , the investors just get some negotiable percentage return to compensate them for their risk
COP "Call your lawyer then so i can talk to them" DUDE "Im going to make the city pay for my lawyer" epic
the dollar value increased
Decabolin era He-Man
&gt;Hi i'm the new mod gjoocy
What is the experiment? spawn to what? indoor outdoor? eat the spawn?
Eventually the citizens will have to fire upon the police if the system doesn't have some functional method to address these issues. Police investigating themselves has never worked.
I heard they rarely ever pin indoors unless they are exposed to the proper bacterial environment.
I don't know but it was from the coast of oregon in the native range of P. azures. . I doubt the grass species is as important as it having whatever unknown pinning trigger antagonist microbial species.
&gt;I think he meant by it out and throw it away. do you mean *buy* That still wouldn't do anything but increase the price.
we call these ~~cookies~~ "muffins"
It will matter because any amount of bitcoin can keep the whole system working, quick coding to extend it to 16 decimal places. "Stashes doing nothing" is wealth protection and capital accumulation. &gt; Nothing moves and miners die off you forgot about 100+ years of block rewards left
blocks happen with or without transactions.
FUN FACT: the only grassfed beef i can find for sale in texas is from austrailia
&gt; Maybe less exports. this is the part that hurts people. USA citizens will be fine and absorb increased food prices. It is the people who spend 80% of their income and purchase on the global commodity markets that get fucked.
;)
you may want to check the grain fraction of caloric&amp;protein intake in most of the world. They won't be substituting with filet mignons
This is actually a feasible plan. It only takes other people going along with it. I've been good at destroying property values by moving in lots of squatter punks and partying every day. But that is why yuppies invented HOA's.
they are working on it for rice, making some progress
&gt;Do they actually imagine themselves growing food? They have land with food growing they own farms they have underground grow facilities and they have 10+ years of food storage. Where the hell they’ll get clean water? They have multiple redundant water sources, a solar powered piston pump can last 30 years just pumping well water. Where they’re going to find a dentist if they have a dental abscess? Have you ever seen upper class peoples teeth? they are immaculate and sealed with all the latest dental enhancements plus they eat a good diet that doesn't rot their teeth. Or a surgeon for appendicitis? many of the bunkers have on site fully stocked O.R's and doctors/surgeons on staff. Or even WHO is going to clean their bunkers? I am sure they will manage to clean after themselves or have a sycophant do it in a serious situation The real question is in a hard collapse and die off do they think they will still own the world when they get out of their bunker? Their current ownership of the world is based on the ability to project state violence
Part of the reason homeless people congregate under bridges is because it is drier. If they placed shelter in the vegetation off to the sides they would likely be on private property or have their tents destroyed by police for taking up public park. There are reasons why underneath a bridge is a stereotypical dwelling place for homeless.
There is video of these bunkers and companies selling them
Ultra-LOLZ
&gt; "Global Warming is not weather" I think i will try this tactic since it is simple enough for simpletons and puts them immediately on the defensive trying to steelman that they know that or going full retard arguing they get to just make up shit. I think it is a good opening move
biochar, a low tech solution to carbon sequestration
&gt; to get my full pension. #ಠ_ಠ you better get control of the money going to your "pension" and put it in your own self directed account if you want to see anything from it. They will tell you it isn't possible but it is.
There is so much wrong in this article, like almost everything
USA state capacity has been on the wane at the same time it saps more resources random interesting econometric &gt;Transport costs were high, particularly for overland transport: it was rarely economical to move bulky goods like grain far by road as the price would double every 250 miles
John Titor
You will do better in terms of actually accomplishing something with your money if you buy prime class 1 agricultural land that is currently a barren industrial monoculture and convert it into a permaculture. ex coal mine land can be left to turn into wilderness. Coal mine land will not be viable to support a community and will be abandoned back to wilds now that humans can no longer have an extractive relationship with it. and it makes more sense to convert what will be constantly under attack of civilization where people have a constant extractive relationship and create the space to have a regenerative relationship in a way that can be perpetuated.Thus good ag land that people will rape until the last pound of topsoil blows away. There is a reason people are not farming of mountain strip mines, those places were never viable for sustaining human communities beyond low population densities under hunter gatherers or shifting swiddens agriculture.
because the types of people who desire to lord over other people become cops and CEOs, they are called sociopaths
science+markets+empirical evidence+etc... What would it take to convince you humans C02 causes global warming? I'm not going to try because i know you are just a shill but you should ask yourself this question
[A rich history of libertarian socialism](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Libertarian_socialism)
I didn't even know the term tankies until reddit.
&gt; serious enough to warrant the destruction of human civilization by giving up fossil fuels. Transition away from fossil fuels now while we can still leverage them for the transition
https://twitter.com/i/status/1208153638218149888
wrong. We currently have diminishing energy returns on energy. If the ratio goes too far we will enter a catabolic collapse. https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S0921800919310067#bbib0415
most climate models have been right, look at exxons model from the 80s. on the dot
Reading internet is like dating and boning lots of girls from online dating sites, it is fun and feels good but it is like a drug, shallow. Reading books is like getting in a longterm relationship there are so many things you get from longterm relationships that you never get to experience with the hedonism of serial dating. All the quirks and flaws, the hard times, growing together etc.. it can be a completely different wholistic qualitative experience that can reach deeper in you and grab things that you can't access from the surface
Shouldn't that be the 1 club or the 21millionth club
&gt; I get too distracted because I read so much faster than people speak. me too, i watch youtube on 2X speed when i can't get a transcript
&gt; to make sure that it allows expressing anything that's not literally illegal, anything can and will be declared illegal
Plot twist it is satoshis mom
he could import the privkeys to the ledger no?
there are already at least 4 serious games developed and many more small scale interactive game like lands
go to /r/MakeTotalDestr0i and look at the give-up-itis paper
Most cultures have something like this , Make a doomer monastery
If it wasn't for bailouts we would be in a cascading banking crisis
buying bitcoin is not a taxable event soyou can just buy some and learn to use it or forget about it for a few years
For local or global? For global AMISoutlook
Never have i read someone more awkwardly trying to use AI to make something sound cool. just posting because process heat is a big hurdle to clean green tech becoming able to perpetuate itself without subsidy from fossil fuels in the lifecycle
people say it doesn't work but people are using it everyday and lots of cool stuff is being built around it.
&gt; MSM is like a bottomless Soma PEZ dispenser good description
The man, the legend. I was posting this for the weird fractal madness of it. I learned the lesson years ago to confirm with the source before i actually believe second-hand shit about people
the hungry goat pig combination can utterly obliterate just about any land, they will at least strip it down to the point you can work in it easier. You should probably just sell it because whatever you get selling it will be more than you will make farming it for 40 years straight. Or if you want to do something interesting with it offer it to people in /r/greencommunes
&gt;If the only way people get fed is if billions and billions and billions of dollars get spent building lab-grown food infrastructure, billions and billions and billions of dollars will get found in a hurry, one way or another. there is already billions of VC money moving into "Ferm-Tech". Once you get it profitable the scaling is fairly trivial, mostly just increasing fermentation vat size and quantity. The hopium monbiot is drawing from is essentially people drawing extrapolation line on graph without regards to physical reality though. XKCD comic relevant
&gt;If something is economically viable then it generally fits within the EROI matrix as well as capturing complexity/opportunity cost etc. 12 energy in to produce 1 energy of food on your table is economically viable because of the windfall effect of fossil fuels. Fossil fuels are an energy subsidy.
* This is what i would do if i was you. * * , stop depending on people above you to recognize you or give a fuck about you. You need to route around these people and DIY, like one of the other commenters said, make your own youtube, start pimping yourself instead of getting pimped by the system at least. * * . , realize top level acting/film making is packed chock full of narcissists and people climbing over each other clamoring for a small number of good positions, LA is a toxic cesspool of attractive human scum rising to the top. * * ,Move to a low cost city that is just large enough to have a thriving culture in theater and the humanities, maybe Iowa somewhere, maybe a liberal college/university town, anywhere just big enough and rich enough to have full time functioning theater running plays year round. Put yourself into that community and apply yourself like you are the workhorse of the theater. Make actual local longterm serious friendships with people and expect to take time building your career doing what your love. * * If you can start a theater nerd/artist house so you can all live for dirt cheap to have more time to make art and less time you have to work bullshit jobs. Start having house shows and art shows, become a hub of creative cooperativity. Be as good as you can to everyone. * * . Become the big fish in the little pond, notice after ten years you are a fixture in the community and the younger up and coming crowd try to win your favor because you are legend. * * Watch from a distance as the people in LA OD on drugs and commit suicide or are cast out for speaking their mind or pointing out injustice or turn into goblins trying to stop the aging process by chopping their faces/bodies up always insecure about being thrown out like a used up horse, in constant precarity and insecurity. * * The fact that you know what you love and what you want to do gives you a great advantage over many people in life. You just need to choose to do it on your own terms instead of everyone else's terms. * * Build a ***Gemeinschaft*** to escape the ***Gesellschaft***,, You just need to find the right place. expect incumbents, befriend them don't fight them. Remember life isn't fair you don't get what you deserve, you get what you take, and if you do it right, what you make. Turn your depression into Drive. and remember if it fails it could just be that you are not in the right place at the right time around the right people, keep hunting. Do things to draw them in. In my life i have had many cycles of complete shit transition into serendipitous miracles and back again. I have seen it with other people too, many times.
If you ever look at a property tax bill you see they include the land value and the value of the actual building and improvements separate. LVT is only on the value of the land and not the improvements
Its like using a camera, you point it and press the button
&gt; "vomit draft" &gt; carry a notebook good advice
Just write it down as if you were stupidly trying to explain it or tell the story to someone. Then go back and read it first thing when you wake up and you will think of more details to fill in. then write those until you gas out. don't keep doing anything just go about your day, then wake up the next morening and re read it, more ideas , write until nothing then, go about day. If you run out of ideas for 2 days in a row. then type it all down and clean it up. print it. wake up with the clean version and read it. carry notebook or make notes in your phone through out the day. In fact why dont you just tell us what your story is about . this will get the juices flowing
CHANG MY MIND: backtesting is meaningless
&gt; It all depends on whether or not you believe the market reverts to the mean, and behaves in similar ways even in different economic cycles. &gt; &gt; I believe that markets do behave in similar ways across different economic cycles. yes on this &gt;That extra 2 year test can tell you if your model has some validity. no on this
This paper offers micro-foundations for the dynamic relationship between technology and population in the pre-industrial world, accounting for both technological progress and the hitherto neglected but common phenomenon of technological regress. A positive feedback between population and the adoption of new techniques that increase the division of labor explains technological progress. A transient shock to productivity or population induces the neglect of some techniques rendered temporarily unprofitable, which are therefore not transmitted to the next generation. Productivity remains constrained by the smaller stock of knowledge and technology has thereby regressed. A slow process of rediscovery is required for the economy to reach its previous level of technological sophistication and population size. The model is employed to analyze specific historical examples of technological regress.
i just scrolled down on that page and it was there.
With the slim margins of airlines it would only take minor declines of people flying to bankrupt lots of these companies. Once you go far enough the economies of scale go backwards and costs increase enough to further kick people off the flying habit.
Man i have been saying pomo obscurantist shit was cointelpro type disruption of the left for years and people said i was crazy
Vietnam remembers
&gt; In the dying light of the predators' last feast, the Fed is worshipped as an omnipotent entity with god-like powers to levitate markets higher forever. But since the Fed is powerless to restore the upward trajectory of financialization and globalization, its omnipotence is about to expire. From my reading of history i would say there is still lots of runway left for feasting upon the working class no matter which way the market moves elite predation upon the people can intensify.
Wombats saving animal bros in Australia fires is totally animalbeing bro. https://www.reddit.com/r/AnimalsBeingBros/comments/entklj/wombats_saving_animal_bros_in_australia_fires/ Put my post back you brutal oppressor of all animalbro-ness
&gt; some countries will fail, e.g. Venezuela. how much more do they need to do in order to "Fail"? i mean vzla is about as fail as possible while still having a government
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Alasdair_MacIntyre one of the least known best philosophers that is considered "conservative". "whose justice, which rationality" has some gems in it.
It was so easy for the Walton children all they had to do was be born.
&gt;Intensive farming, such as needed to feed a population in a starship, comes with serious side effects such as soil compaction, soil erosion, and declines in overall soil fertility [36]. To maintain a high productivity, it will be necessary to let the soil fallow. Fallowing will help the soil to restore organic carbon, nitrogen, phosphorus, and potassium among the principal soil nutrients. It was observed that their concentrations significantly increase with increasing fallow duration up to 7 years This is absurd. Soils don't magically restore P and K just by sitting there. Sometimes fallows restore bioavailability of nutrients still present or in nature deep roots tap deeper minerals as they and bring them back to the surface. These things only deplete though leaching, erosion and exported crops. On a spaceship there would be full humanure recycling so the nutrients would be continuously bioavailable. Fallow wouldn't do much for you versus just turning back in all the non human edible organic matter as mulch. The soils they use should not be dependent on organic carbon from fallow for their cation and anion exchange capacity. They should use a Vermiculite or Zeolite base so there is a "permanent" superactive non-organic dependent exchange capacity. If they ship a massive amount of carbon based humus into space they may end up finding it all outgassed as bacteria digest it all under the high N required to maintain those crop intensities. There is a lot of stuff in this paper that could have been thought out better
inheritance and rent-seeking
&gt; anarchy. Free at last
When all the techbros that make weekly buys that support bitcoins price get laid off they will be **NOT buying** AND *selling*. this will crater the price. However that would be an opportunity to buy if you think the economy will recover and governments will be blasting those printing presses more than ever. a **U** shape chart that's my unbridled speculation
all hockey stick charts scare me
What are you even talking about. Most people on r/collapse are all black-pilled on overpopulation. Just a few "overpopulation isn't real" chapo posts got upvoted to the top. but if you look in the comments lots of people came out and tried to explain I=PAT equation to the chapos but socialists are usually scientifically illiterate for some reason just like republicans.
Completely insane, if you consent to entry they can literally destroy your life and property. i assume it is the same with vehicles.
&gt; The second choice is that we could just increase the deficit even more, but in that case pushing the debt-to-GDP ratio from 100% to 140% would put us in the danger zone where things start to look unsustainable. How do you explain Japan's situation?
&gt; To meet obligations, foreign pension funds need to invest in low yielding assets. This depresses rates further., and exacerbated by an aging population Do you mean a legal obligation or something else?
it doesn't matter if you don't store them there. If you send some to cash to dollars they can just seize it for being suspicious
peak oil is just a transport fuel problem with known solutions. The scissors of Peak energy and climate is the big civilizational issue IEA has officially concluded that 2006 was the annual peak for conventional oil production
small scale non-authoritarian communes exist and function .
https://sourcebooks.fordham.edu/source/511Noblslav.asp
I don't give credit to paywalls. google search the text to find the article
&gt;Society in the West is definitely crumbling I agree &gt;but this isn’t going to lead to a collapse or Rome situation, the baseline of tech is way too high Explain how baseline of tech will protect from collapse? Tech complexity and sociopolitical complexity are limited by complexity:inputs ratio. Any scale of complexity is vulnerable to diminishing returns when the ratio goes too far &gt; but what comes next is not better, I can guarantee Better for whom? the dark ages were a relief for the underclasses as they shed parasitic rent-seeking overburden. &gt;I subscribe to the ideology that says civilization is the only morality. How is this a morality? you need some first principles to get a meaningful morality or else you are just saying "might makes right" &gt;Whatever leads to higher civilization and the human flourishing it affords, I support. Define "Higher" and "Flourishing" &gt;because the advancement of civilization will not wait up for hippies that want to live in a commune like you. Keep in mind great philosophers and scientists lived in communes that afforded them time and subsistence to do their work. Communes and Hippies are orthogonal so dispose of that nonsense in your arguments. The early soviets were communes that ultimately overthrew many states. &gt;Either civilize (adapt, overcome, build, ascend as a people) or you will suffer. Communes are adaptations to overcome social decay and build. Current civilization creates great suffering, this is born out by a multitude of scientific research angles and more plainly suicide rates. &gt;That is the decree of Nature. All life is a struggle, and civilization makes a people more capable in this struggle. There is no decree of nature. Cooperators survive, civilization is one form of cooperation that excels at violence and is a product of maximum power principle dissipating energy while chewing through natural capital. Different forms of cooperation and organization emerge under different resource regimes and after overcomplexity. On the timeline of humanity, civilization is the aberration, the nation-state even more so &gt;And I have Darwin on my side Prince Kropotkin could teach you a few things
I have a migraine so will come back later to see what i wrote here and maybe re-explain more clearly Basically what you are saying here is that some morality is not a product of rationality but a product of cultural evolution, with some societies surviving and thriving to pass on cultural traits in the form of traditions. I think sloppy use of language like "Nature" and "Morality" is tripping up this conversation and the way you are using the words is lacking the resolution or distinction required for thinking through the details. We need to refine the language . &gt; might does make right, this is the decree of Nature. The problem is like when people define nuclear bombs as natural because all the ingredients + humans actions and interactions are in fact products of nature, but if you take this definition you can fit all of everything under the the term nature which essentially gives the term itself no resolving power and thus renders it meaningless. "Might makes right" does not follow from "decree of nature" when "right" means moral justification, because morality is meaningless if it can be defined to include all forms of predation and harm. "Might makes right" is not a moral system. Now if you want to say mightier forces generally don't give a fuck about your morals and morals have no force to stop mightier foes when it comes down to it ,by definition this may be true. This is basically saying that the immoral can overpower the moral, which is a truism. I take no position against this truism. Miltaristic success is but one selective filter of societies, and thus filters out societies and cultures that cannot compete successfully, but that does not produce morality it merely filters societies, morals and the filter are two separate things. There are cases where the militaristically successful tribe adopts the moral systems of the defeated tribe. Moral systems can perpetuate memetically as well as through imperialism Your argument seems to be this If a powerful violent tribe appears it will take over the surrounding tribes thus the militaristic paradigm spreads. If the surrounding tribes become militaristic the paradigm still spreads into the surrounding area. If the surrounding tribes flee the militaristic tribes expand into the area and thus the miltaristic pattern is an evolutionary stable strategy. This sounds good in theory but doesn't cleanly map to reality, the "Decree of Nature" also includes cooperation and recognition that advantages can be had without militaristic imperialism. &gt; Never has a matriarchy given rise to civilization ever in history Civilization- is the way of life that uses agriculture and fixed settlements. and i know there are still existing matriarchies with these properties that are not "slaves or primitives" so i think your statement may be false. &gt;we can say that what leads to strong civilization that can survive and not be outcompeted by other societies is what in fact justifies and has always justified morality This sentence makes no sense to me or doesn't follow. You have to have some type of moral principles to have a morality. Just using force is not a justification. the way you think, that things like destroying others lives is justified "if they can do it, it is moral". How would you define "Justice"? because under "might makes right" me brutally raping you is moral because i could overpower you. &gt;The moral codes are written by the winners just as history is. The moral codes of those who suffer domination often continue to exist and sometimes co-exist under the militaristic system. &gt;You will never ever ever ever ever bring down the global marketplace. I don't think it is possible to stop markets but there are risks and uncertainties concerning the viability of globalist markets in possible energy descent futures. There is no magic force that will allow those things to continue under many possible realistic constrained scenarios. &gt; If you destroy your society’s involvement in it, the rest of the world will continue consuming and polluting without you. This has been said about all sorts of collective action problems and yet humans somehow manage to cooperate to solve them. I am not saying we may always be able to muster higher levels of cooperation but so far we have been expanding cooperation and the potential is there. &gt; Dude China and the rest of the industrializing world don’t give a fuck about polluting the environment. There are environmental programs in china and renewables and electric vehicles are expanding faster than in the west, the polluting industries are getting serious scrutiny and the elites there are working on these problems. Maybe it will be "too little too late" or maybe they will forget about anti-pollution programs to go full throttle with militarism but as of now the chinese people have shown the same pattern as the rest of the world as it "develops" which is to get past a basic subsistence level then have more concern about long term environment and pollution issues. &gt;If you destroy your society’s involvement in it, the rest of the world will continue consuming and polluting without you. The SALT treaties with the USSR during the cold war would be an example of mutually beneficial cooperation to model after. The recognition that everyone could monitor each other and all reduce pollution so that it doesn't lead to power disequilibrium. There are entire books about cooperation solve these types of problems. Read Eleanor Ostrum. https://evonomics.com/tragedy-of-the-commons-elinor-ostrom/ and Turchin https://evolution-institute.org/review-of-ultra-society-how-10000-years-of-war-made-humans-the-greatest-cooperators-on-earth/
You either didn't read far enough or didn't understand.
You are *Sovkodrocer*
The soviet union slaughtered millions. It imprisoned millions in gulags. get over it. Move on to something else that isn't a bad idea. There is no reason to worship past assholes and authoritarian states or shitty economic systems. Try something fresh. develop your own ideas to replace the shitty system we currently have.
The trick is for everyone to call each other subcommander so that the FBI never arrests anyone because they are still looking for the commander. works 100% of the time 98% of the time
/r/LateStageCommunism
&gt;ecological economists have been claiming to do for about half a century, without producing an interesting research programme or even a persuasive argument for why mainstream economics is inconsistent with thermodynamics. yet again you either didn't read far enough or didn't understand something
completely dependent on earth for supplies
im glad somebody saw what i did there. i actually met Laura Jane Grace randomly at a Cosmic Pizza while i was listening to a speaker give a lecture, they were playing a show nearby and just came in for pizza.
You are stuck on the idea that only survival will be through billionaire bunkers. &gt;&gt; wise panels of objective scientists with no personal biases whatsoever choose who gets to survive, There has already been some work done on these questions about what criteria should be used to select people. Low consanguinity population, young, no mental or physical defects, chosen randomly out of a pool people that meet qualifications etc.. We have random number generators. That stuff is irrelevant to me because i have nothing to do with it. but i will have to live in the world outside the bunker and so will 99.999% of the worlds population so it is not at all unreasonable to hold billionaires accountable for &gt;They spend tens of billions a year on a campaign with two branches. One is denialism, that's obvious. The other is hopium.
&gt; Wouldn't more people survive if we allowed selfish people to build bunkers for themselves instead of counting on altruistic billionaires to build bunkers and then donate them to the common good? nobody needs to count on billionaires to build everyone bunkers. Billionaires don't build their own houses or just about anything else, they use workers to do it. Mass production of greenhouses that hold in most of the the oxygen from daily photosynthesis combined with thermal cooling from pumps heat exchanging into cool soils. would be viable over a large part of the temperate earth. that could probably scale to 2 billion people economically maybe more with economies of scale. some food production for nutritional supplementation crops could be integrated in the low CO2 greenhouse environment to compensate for the effects of nutritional depletion effects of high CO2 on the outside crops.
another major bout of shrinkflation in packaged goods. Some items i normally buy went from 8oz to 7.2oz. frozen mangos went from 16 to 12 to most recently 10 oz in the new packages. noticed new packaging with lower quantities rolling out in walmart and HEB stores for lots of products, same price.
Vegeta canceled
It isn't the money it is the active campaigns to prevent adaptation attempts. They don't need to throw money to help they just need to stop using money to block things via propaganda and capturing politicians
yes
It will be a sight if all that BBB gets downgraded en masse. When all those leveraged stock buybacks end up being equity stripping in essence, bank loans are essentially printing money&gt;corporation gets said money&gt; buys its own stock&gt; elites sell out of the stock capturing that money&gt; company is overlevered when recession hits&gt; bankrupt or zombie&gt; elites keep the printed money, no legal way to claw it back &gt; elites use money to buy up assets dirt cheap further concentrating wealth, exacerbating inequality throw in interest rate minipulation, QE and bailouts to make it all possible. reminds me , in effect, of the asset stripping from the USSR collapse with the equity voucher program that lead to the oligarch situation
Do you know why ?
live in the moment and dynamically adapt, don't worry about all the things you can't do anything about, if it is something you can do something about then do something about it, everything else, ♫don't worry be happy. ♫as soon as your born you start dying , so you might as well have a good time ♫Don't worry about all those things you fear, just be glad to be here I know reading this probably doesn't help. sunshine, exercise, focusing on something intensely interesting that makes you live in the moment, hanging out with friends will make you forget and feel better.
When right wingers get mad because they don't want big government forcing their hand, immediately switch the ball to their court and talk about how you want to get big government out of preventing sustainable living like having your own bee hives, backyard chickens, compost, rainwater catchments they all save money and are fiscally responsible ways to use your own work to build your self-sufficiency. Make it legal for people to do business from home,it can reduce driving. make it legal to have smaller homes so people can afford to live instead of depending on the dole.... you know what im saying , you have to talk about it from their ideological perspective. You can help the environment while reducing the size of govt. just get big gov out of the way so people can do it themselves, republicans like that stuff. when you talk to the lefty crowd you can talk more about the policies to actually enforce pollution laws and all that jazz
He just wanted to be a normal orbiter but his gravity made them the orbiters
It should be your picture because you are The People
ok you are valid
&gt; Sam Walton earned a great deal of money due to his hard work. He is the very definition of a meritocracy Sam Walton earned a great deal of money due to the workers hard work. You don't get rich from working hard you get rich from owning capital.
No it came from the hard work of the workers. he got paid because he owned not because he worked
Ive been used to it, the problem is i see it as a dragon that will feed on people and eventually get to me.
high dose psychedelics helped, but also have negative side effects from traumatic bad trips
because nobody knows the future StF is hocus pocus just like all chartist mysticism
the pic with him sexily licking the hammer is better
One of those same cops attacked me one time when i was riding my bike down the road i got smacked in the face by a low hanging branch over the public road and it had little wild plums on it, so i ate some while my eye stopped watering, a cop saw me and roughed me up said i was engaging in theft in the middle of a public road, he was super aggressive kept saying higher and higher charges he was going to charge me with. Felony theft after getting smacked in the face in the middle of a public road by a dangerous low hanging branch, the house the tree trunk originated from the people wouldn't come out or talk to the police when he was trying to get them to be a complainant. Later i found out he was known by the local homeless people for being a total psycho
https://link.springer.com/article/10.1007/s12110-014-9219-y &gt;Using educational status in England from 1170 to 2012, we show that the rate of social mobility in any society can be estimated from knowledge of just two facts: the distribution over time of surnames in the society and the distribution of surnames among an elite or underclass. Such surname measures reveal that the typical estimate of parent–child correlations in socioeconomic measures in the range of 0.2–0.6 are misleading about rates of overall social mobility. Measuring education status through Oxbridge attendance suggests a generalized intergenerational correlation in status in the range of 0.70–0.90. ***Social status is more strongly inherited even than height***. This correlation is unchanged over centuries. Social mobility in England in 2012 was little greater than in preindustrial times. Thus there are indications of an underlying social physics surprisingly immune to government intervention. https://www.aiel.it/cms/cms-files/submission/all20150614183657.pdf Italian study https://qz.com/314720/heres-the-surprising-social-trait-that-the-english-and-chinese-have-in-common/ The chinese elites too econophysics, normal wealth transmissions and rent seeking can explain a lot of this effect in england and italy but the chinese example may show transmissions of interpersonal connections and social capital as being a major important factor. When i read the details about elites stripped of their wealth during communist appropriations and war only to see within their lives or the next generation they were elites again i started really thinking elites are different or maybe it is substantially the heritability of IQ and other psychological traits. However, As i examined many individual level accounts of how these people went from wealthy elite to broke-as-a-joke back to elite the actual details in every case involved just calling upon favors from other elites in their large wealthy powerful multi-jurisdiction social circle to recapitalize them, often time these elite friends were in other countries and gave them refuge. Later they even got lots of their appropriated land and assets back by being well connected and biding their time until the old guard regained political control. The detail of all this is interesting if you dive into the history, it would be interesting to see a whole book written about the individual level details to really flesh out the big picture and move away from the most simplistic "elites are magic" or "elites are genetically superior" or it is pure wealth inheritance types of stances. We need a comprehensive look at all the factors and how they interplay. It would be useful for Machiavellians that want to remain dynasties and also for designing wealth and power redistribution policies to intervene in the most optimum and fair way without harming the positive functionality of actual meritocracy https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/abs/pii/S0047272715001930 pre-preemptively leaving some evidence of rent-seeking being a major component because for some reason people love to claim the effect doesn't exist. &gt;This paper provides causal evidence concerning the role of rents in explaining dynasties in professions. It focuses on the Italian pharmacist labor market, and exploits discontinuities (established by law) in the relationship between the number of pharmacies that should serve a city and the population. Using a regression discontinuity design, it shows that a reduction in rent, proxied by the pharmacy-to-population ratio, has a significant and negative impact on the propensity of pharmacists' children to follow their parents' career. In contrast, pharmacy rents do not affect the career choices of non-pharmacists' children, who face higher entry barriers (i.e. they do not inherit the family business). Further evidence shows that rents and lower exposure to competition are associated with stronger family ties also among other professions and within firms.
injecting smart chaos to try to perturb the system into a different channel. This is probably a good sign that the "more in touch with reality" elites are recognizing the status quo is on a sufficiently terrible path that abandoning ideology and trying some fresh shake-ups is truly needed or things will get worse for everyone, elites included. It is a sneaky wild reformism for pathfinding, a convex tinkering of sorts, to prevent more disruptive revolutionary blowback possibly Steve Bannon was the nerfed, americanized, fast food version, of this guy Any attempts to deviate from entrenched elites orthodox neoliberalism is interesting to watch IMO
Yeah i always thought being a spectator of sports was weird too.
It think quite a bit of the cultural solutions for producing these facts have been worked out by wikipedia's style of peer review. The system could start off with noncontroversial data first, then evolve the methods to deal with more complex issues later. Even if the more complex controversial thing isn't perfect it may still be better than the current way things work, just like grammarly produces more corrections than mistakes. There is a functional feedback loop between grammarly filtering human mistakes then the humans filtering grammarly mistakes and at the end of the process it produces outcomes superior to hiring a professional editor. I think critical thinking, rationality, argumentation, and strunk&amp;white style could be codified like grammar syntax.
yes, that was a bad choice of example on his part.
yeah the algos would need to improve and that is the hard part that makes it a valuable idea, it actually takes work. I don't think prediction polls are the same class of problem, but i am open to hearing the arguments why it is
sad but true. but also the ponds where they store lots of waste washed into lake mathis watershed a few years ago during flooding ... so don't drink city water without RO filter
It isn't in that article, but the truth is lots of toxic waste injection occurs in this area, and waste ponds get washed out during big rainstorms and get in the water shed
The DNC elites would prefer a reactionary to a reformist like bernie
it just depends how desperate good writers are for money, sometimes they will write for vice
&gt; The limiting factor in my opinion is that the number of people who want to completely reject mainstream life and live in an income-sharing community is very small. And of this small pool, the number who are hard-working, mentally stable, willing to contribute as much or more to the group than they take, is smaller still. this is a big one
it doesn't rain in the summer. you need irrigation for most stuff. Water rights are hard to come by in cascadia.
you can only legally irrigate 1/2 an acre in oregon from well water unless you have water rights which are no longer being issued in almost the entire state. it takes 8000+ gallons per day per acre during the summer to maintain full productivity. &gt;My permaculture friends do not do massive irrigation to grow their foods what percent of their food do they grow. because i have visited some of these oregon permacultures and i got more yield off of 1 acre than they got off of 50 acres. &gt;The UofO has done many studies on how they believe we will be impacted by climate change and are saying we will have lots of water Rivers are overdrawn already and they shut off peoples water rights early almost every year in most of the watersheds, only senior rights holders have been getting full season irrigation allocations &gt;. Water rights are not an issue if you’ve got it on your property it is when "the man" finds out you have been using it. I support illegal use of water but lets be real, it is only happening in most situations because the small scale isn't getting noticed
you illustrated exactly what i said perfectly.
https://satoshis.place/
&gt; &gt; Also, how would this affect Chainalysis' business model? How would they combat this? When used properly schnorr can significantly reduce the effectiveness of, though not defeat, chainanalysis . or at least it opens paths to do some new techniques in that direction
it is cool that people trying to not spread the virus
rent-seeking and deadweight loss and regulatory capture etc...look them up
&gt; it is cool that people are trying to not spread the virus &gt;it is chilling that people are trying to not spread the virus mmm mmm
you mean #MARIJUANA!
This guy got injured on the job and was fired because he couldn't return the work fast enough because he couldn't afford his healthcare deductible while living paycheck to paycheck and was too hurt with out medical care
there is 99 people like you and me for every cop, landlord, and politician. Imagine the possibilities start organizing slowly. Get strapped. the time will come
I love the way cassettes sound. I love wow and flutter and the saturated top end . punk rock some albums sound best on cassettes.
when you were a cop and army man what percent of cops and army would you guess would fire on rebellious citizens if ordered to? what percent would defect from a shitty government?
Taleb says: &gt;The fellow is correcting Pinker-style naive empiricism &amp; bogus "rationality"/"realism" (of the type peddled by psychologists). For some things paranoia is necessary for survival. &gt;The reproductive factor maps to fat-tailedness. Note: the mortality rate shd increase over time. &gt;Note: while we know the R_0 of the Flu, we don't know that of WuFlu. Because it is an average, its small sample properties make it biased downward in measurements. Flu: 15MM Infected:9K deaths = 0.06% mortality rate with a viral reproductive factor &lt;1.2 WuFlu: 900 infected:26 deaths = 3% mortality rate with a viral reproductive factor &gt;3.6 Net: 50x more deadly. 3x more contagious. No vaccine. No herd immunity.
that AR15 pistol with a buttstock? is it a legal configuration?
do you have a place already?
like yo mama when she see me
y'all should kiss
I have been convincing republicans IRL that mexicans are better than neoliberal democrats from california moving in and destroying their cities and states. They are surprisingly actually persuaded by my arguments.
i pretty much agree with that assessment .
I ejaculated when he said learn to code
I like it when he has lunatics and horrible people on there, because i like to try to understand those people who are most alien to me. I like listening to neo-nazis spout their ideas and how they arrived at those ideas, it doesn't mean i wouldn't choke an unrepentant nazi to death to protect my community from them. It is good to give edgelords a platform so you can "know thy enemy"
&gt;In the end, our modern, global society lacks the cohesion and strength to survive against threats like an epidemic, stock market crash or ***solar eclipse***. wat?
Taleb called it. Latest #Coronavirus R0 estimate: from 3.30 to 5.47
you don't need to own land to enter the world. You can get free land to use from the Anarchist international district and also the coming Land Sharing Pool. Original plan is that all mana can be converted into land. it will happen later when new land auction happens. More land will come into existence once the world fills with content. They just didn't want to produce more land and have empty world syndrome, they are waiting until things are running smooth and the world gets full of content. this is a top secret elite rumor go on the discord channel and ask some districts for a place to use if you have a project you want to buidl
he spelled trans wrong.
none, my bike got stolen
Did you at least get that $300?
Arendt on reactionary npc's &gt;He was genuinely incapable of uttering a single sentence that was not a cliché.[…] Eichmann, despite his rather bad memory, repeated word for word the same stock phrases and self-invented clichés (when he did succeed in constructing a sentence of his own, he repeated it until it became a cliché) each time he referred to an incident or event of importance to him.[…] The longer one listened to him, the more obvious it became that his inability to speak was closely connected with an inability to think, namely to think from the standpoint of somebody else. No communication was possible with him, not because he lied but because he was surrounded by the most reliable of all safeguards against the words and the presence of others, and hence against reality as such.
Secret of our Success. Heinrich
rips off dummies
Raphanus sativus L. var niger (black radish) is a plant of the cruciferous family with important ethnobotanical uses for the treatment of gallstones in Mexican traditional medicine. It has been established that the juice of black radish decreases cholesterol levels in plasma and dissolves gallstones in mice. Glucosinolates, the main secondary metabolites of black radish, can hydrolyze into its respective isothiocyanates and have already demonstrated antioxidant properties as well as their ability to diminish hepatic cholesterol levels; such therapeutic effects can prevent the formation of cholesterol gallstones. This disease is considered a current problem of public health. In the present review, we analyze and discuss the therapeutic effects of the main glucosinolates of black radish, as well as the effects that this plant has on cholesterol gallstones disease
dark circles under eyes, eats trash, nocturnal, makes you feel creepy fear when he stares at you DOOMER CONFIRMED, Species; rabbitus doomerus
up to 3.4%
&gt; What do current farmers think of those methodologies? What are the reasons why current farmers would or would not implement regenerative techniques? they would like these dreams but they have to make money to stay afloat and it isn't easy to take risk of losing it all for innovative eco-do-goodery. IF you live next to a liberal city full of foodie yuppies, a small scale place doing direct to customer and value-added products will be lucrative if you are competent and adequately funded for start-up and getting to profitability
Do you not believe socialism has strongly re-entered the public discussion since 2008 crisis ? Why don't you explain something in your comment instead of just sneering
explain why your idea if what he supports is more accurate than his own actual long time policy he published
It is called the "Freedom Divivdend" for pure propaganda purposes because republicans will projectile vomit blood if you called it welfare or socialism or Universal Basic Income
sorry my words were too expensive for you
I am seeing so many posts #"I want to own 1 whole bitcoin" or " I finally own 1 whole bitcoin" Now that owning one bitcoin is a serious financial goal and lots of people are hopping on the bandwagon, what does that mean?
&gt; governments aren't going to tolerate coins that have privacy baked into the base layer this means nothing. People will be earning XMR on the dark web and selling it on BISQ for cash straight in their bank accounts or bitcoin straight in their wallets.
come to /r/LateStageCommunism to rip on these tankie authoritarian scum all day!
You can run the hardware wallet integrated with your own node
that's your option. or maybe adding a stupid long passphrase and only using addresses generated from the passphrase enhanced seedwords.
communism already works, see EastWind. it just doesn't scale to mass society except maybe through autonomous federations.
I would argue in Venezuela the issues are primarily because they economically depend almost entirely on Oil and oil crashed in price.
This guy wins
Are you aware that the CIA has a venture capital company called In-Q-Tel and it was an early investor in facebook?
bankruptcies nullify the debt
I think when there is strong consensus in WSB to NOT short tsla that means it is finally time to short TSLA.
#LVT Land Value Tax. a tax that doesn't create deadweight losses. A tax that destroys parasites power. Use it to fund UBI #SOLVED #LANDLORD PWN'd
you reduce your expenses to almost nothing. Just learn how to live on $2500 a year. work 2 months save money then go live in the woods. if you need more details ask me.
thats what i was thinking when i read it. I looked up and saw VOX in address bar and refreshed my browser because i thought it was glitched
What are your specific plans? Why soCal
&gt; Pieter Wuille and Gregory Maxwell. That is my understanding. Get those guys on-board and it will eventually make it. They said nobody is working on it,
https://escholarship.org/uc/item/1xt9k875 Three predictive problems bedevil our ability to foresee political crises and state breakdown: (1) how to tell when a previously stable state falls into a situation of hidden but dangerous instability; (2) how to tell, once a certain level of instability has appeared in the form of protests, riots, or regional rebellions, whether chaos will grow and accelerate into revolution or civil war, or if the protests are likely to be contained and dampen out; and (3) how to tell which individuals and groups are likely to be the main source of mobilization for radical movements, and whether opposition networks will link up, grow and spread, or be isolated and contained. Prior work has focused on each of these problems separately. However, all three issues are crucial to understanding and foreseeing conflict dynamics. These issues operate on different time-scales and require separate models. In this article we discuss how better models of each process could be developed and, crucially, integrated with data for a more effective prediction system. A major theoretical challenge for us is to link these different approaches in order to increase their predictive power. A major empirical challenge is to identify data (direct or proxy) that can be used to parameterize, validate, and test our models. https://escholarship.org/uc/item/0g05k07v ecent years have seen major political crises throughout the world, and foreign policy analysts nearly universally expect to see rising tensions within (and between) countries in the next 5–20 years. Being able to predict future crises and to assess the resilience of different countries to various shocks is of foremost importance in averting the potentially huge human costs of state collapse and civil war. The premise of this paper is that a transdisciplinary approach to forecasting social breakdown, recovery, and resilience is entirely feasible, as a result of recent breakthroughs in statistical analysis of large-scale historical data, the qualitative insights of historical and semiotic investigations, and agent-based models that translate between micro-dynamics of interacting individuals and the collective macro-level events emerging from these interactions. Our goal is to construct a series of probabilistic scenarios of social breakdown and recovery, based on historical crises and outcomes, which can aid the analysis of potential outcomes of future crises. We call this approach—similar in spirit to ensemble forecasting in weather prediction—multipath forecasting (MPF). This paper aims to set out the methodological premises and basic stages envisaged to realize this goal within a transdisciplinary research collaboration: first, the statistical analysis of a massive database of past instances of crisis to determine how actual outcomes (the severity of disruption and violence, the speed of resolution) depend on inputs (economic, political, and cultural factors); second, the encoding of these analytical insights into probabilistic, empirically informed computational models of societal breakdown and recovery—the MPF engine; third, testing the MPF engine to “predict” the trajectories and outcomes of another set of past social upheavals, which were not used in building the model. This “historical retrodiction” is an innovation that will allow us to further refine the MPF technology. Ultimately our vision is to use MPF to help write what we call “a history of possible futures,” in which the near- and medium-term paths of societies are probabilistically forecast.
holy shit its been that long
you have no idea what you are talking about. You drank the koolaid of the fake news
##Abstract Throughout the Holocene, societies developed additional layers of administration and more information-rich instruments for managing and recording transactions and events as they grew in population and territory. Yet, while such increases seem inevitable, they are not. Here we use the Seshat database to investigate the development of hundreds of polities, from multiple continents, over thousands of years. We find that sociopolitical development is dominated first by growth in polity scale, then by improvements in information processing and economic systems, and then by further increases in scale. We thus define a Scale Threshold for societies, beyond which growth in information processing becomes paramount, and an Information Threshold, which once crossed facilitates additional growth in scale. Polities diverge in socio-political features below the Information Threshold, but reconverge beyond it. We suggest an explanation for the evolutionary divergence between Old and New World polities based on phased growth in scale and information processing. We also suggest a mechanism to help explain social collapses with no evident external causes.
Quite extensive math, operating definitions and argumentation available for proof if you want to look into the details
european whites get fucked by neoliberalism too
&gt; Frequently Asked Questions &gt; &gt; What is this? &gt; The Yamaha DX7 is a classic synthesizer often cited as the sound of the 80's, this site uses a specially trained AI to create completely novel preset cartridges. &gt; &gt; If you are interested in the code it can be found here though it is mostly undocumented. &gt; &gt; How do I use it? &gt; If you don't happen to have your own Yamaha DX7 then you can try it out it with the following emulators: &gt; &gt; Dexed for Linux, OS X and Windows &gt; Rockrelay Synth FM for Android &gt; Once installed find the load button and navigate to the .syx file downloaded by clicking the cartridge above! Within Dexed this is on the front page, in Rockrelay click the voice button in the top left corner. &gt; &gt; How does it work? &gt; The Yamaha DX7 has a total of 155 parameters, the AI uses a machine learning model known as a VAE that reduces these 155 parameters down to just 8. &gt; &gt; The model can then choose these 8 numbers randomly and map them back to the full 155 parameters of the DX7, it has learned to do this by training on a large selection of presets compiled by Bobby Blue &gt; &gt; Each cartridge is generated in real time by sampling 32 sets of the 8 VAE parameters and compiling them together in real time. The model generates 99.9% unique voices and so it is highly unlikely that any two cartridges created on this site will be the same. &gt; &gt; Why are the names so weird? &gt; The voice names are stored as 10 of the 155 parameters within a voice. The AI is trained to predict all the parameters but unfortunately it hasn't gained a very good grasp of human language &gt; &gt; Why choose such a bad format for audio software? &gt; You're right, I have prototyped a version that can be used live but it requires a fairly specialised setup. I would like to build a plugin in the future so that everyone can use it that way!
Don't think about it as love, you can hate police but still realize having one quit his job and/or switch sides is still removing one more cop that you would have to go up against.
Lots of systemic racism has lingering effects by having prevented capital accumulation in the black population everything from redlining to [burning black wall street](https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/abs/10.1111/ajes.12225) and there are 100s of examples of destruction of black capital and disenfranchisement from the legal system they needed for protection of capital accummluation. Eventually you get a culture of poverty similar to the one you see having emerged in rustbelt white america. It is hard to go from zero or less than zero to 1. The effects of runaway wealth condensation work for the haves while increasingly taking from the have nots. A stunning amount of black peoples problems come from poverty culture but the poverty was systematic and deliberately forced on them. It takes multiple generations to build wealth and the "bourgeosie high culture" that comes with it. There is quite a bit of studies about this type of stuff in economics and sociology. It works for all "races". I have never investigated in detail the ways asian americans reinitiated or maintained the wealth accumulation cycle better than black americans but i am willing to bet there were less frequent and severe disruptions for asian americans.
trivially
Timely Terence McKenna quote, &gt; We can embrace chaos, and see that chaos is the environment in which we all thrive. That's how I've done it for years. You think I could have gotten away with this in the Soviet Union? I don't think so. I require a society on the brink of social breakdown to be able to do my work, and I think a society on the brink of social breakdown is the healthiest situation for individuals. I don't know how many of you have ever had the privilege of being in a society in a pre-revolutionary situation, but the cafes stay open all night and there's music in the streets and you can breathe it, you can feel it, and you know what is happening. The dominator is being pushed. &gt; &gt; It never succeeds, it never is able to claim itself. But on the other hand history is young. We may have a crack at this. A global society is coming into being, a global society made out of information that was not intended to be ours, but which is ours, through the mistaken invention and distribution of small computers, the printing press, all of this stuff. Information is power, and information has been spilled by the clumsy handling of the cybernetic revolution by the dominator culture, so that it is everywhere. Never has the situation been more fluid.
ah there you are, i was starting to think the most despicable internet reactionary retired Care to give your extended opinion about the current events ?
I have some good info that soldiers are already declaring they will not obey orders if it comes to going agaisnt US citizens. This is among the highest non-commisioned E-8&amp;9 officer levels and also some commisioned officers in special forces specifically from departments that are counter insurgency trainers. These are 100% reliable sources. The soldiers under NCO's respect NCO's and will listen to them preferentially compared to comissioned officers because of the class divide. There is solidarity among the those in the shit together. The upper yesmen Commisioned Officer political beauracrats people are not repected by the rank and file. This could go against the government. they could find out the teeth they think they have are not in their mouth. Call me 51% hopeful. A Ceaucescu moment is not out of the realm of possibility
Like the 40% of the population that make under 40K a year who are currently unemployed now that the eviction moratorium is ended and the PUA payments end in july if they even managed to get them in the first place. I am sure the comfort level they experience once homeless will make them want to act, when you are homeless you are literally hunted everyday by law enforcement, securty and snitchy karens. Fucked with everytime you try to sleep, fucked with when people try to illegally share food with you etc.... We will see a few more waves of agitation. Civil war isn't out of the question quite yet, the next few years will be interesting
or DUA whichever is the $600
I only used Ceaucescu as example because i was refering to that special magic that happens when the military stops obeying the elites. The moment on the documentry *Videograms of a Revolution* was priceless.
nah we fukked. the other shit might ride out until december but not the $600. Save your pennies. Maybe there will be a lot of construction jobs if we smashy smashy hard enough. Get some money to move from the insurance sector into the real economy
&gt; the Police Department will pay them back, very hard. Already happening. Bad strategy on the police's part. Doubling down on the thing that caused the thing is a dumb thing to do. Lots of people that went into those protests upset with the a few police came out fully radicalized after being brutalized for peacefully protesting. They will fully support radical resistance now from the brutalities they experienced. This will be fun . your side and my side are going to battle it out. so far the cops are making strategic errors.
https://www.google.com/search?q=arrested+for+feeding+homeless&amp;rlz=1CAHKDC_enUS874&amp;oq=arrested+for+feedin&amp;aqs=chrome.0.0j69i57j0l6.6065j0j7&amp;sourceid=chrome&amp;ie=UTF-8 it is all "supply-side" economics bullshit they think fedding the homeless is what creates homeless people
unfortunately a bunch of the far left became a bunch of humorless puritans as the far right became playful. made a lot of people avoid the left
just look at the "labor participation rate" that shit has been getting crushed and never recovered from the last recesssion.
You have to use metamask and then load address through metmask's special hardware wallet feature ,then you can interact with the website but still use the hardware for signing the transactions safely.
informant turned state
you should at least read Turchins actual claims before commenting. He addresses all the concerns a skeptic might have in his books. see his blog
&gt; high IQ china spent the better part of the last 2 centuries getting assjacked by lower IQ snow apes like my boorish badass anglo forefathers &gt; &gt; sentence of the day
&gt; 5) What do you honestly expect the riots to accomplish? You think breaking shit that doesn't even belong to the people you're pissed at is going to generate sympathy for your cause? Riots are effective at getting elites to become open to reform. and nobody gives a fuck about getting "sympathy for the cause" because elites never had sympathy for the cause and will never have sympathy for the cause, you have to give them incentive to capitulate to reforms and that involves the destruction of capital and/or lives of the insulated ownership class. Pathological pacifism has never worked against sociopathic elites or their violence dispensing apparatus the police/military.
https://twitter.com/i/status/1270852148021071872 #DONE
&gt;What happens when all the major fiat currencies are all producing exponentially increasing currency/debt at the same time at approximately the same rate? This has been my question too for a while, the answer so far is nothing happens. The internet has always been obsessed with the DoLlAr CrAsH EnD oF rEserVe cuRreNcY yadda yadda, but there isn't anything better than the USD on the horizon with all the other major countries running the same race to the bottom. maybe edge case for next reserve currency is cryptocurrency. &gt;outcome from the current peak in energy production and globalisation nobody in slatestar acknowledges biophysical economics. Plus we haven't really hit true energy decline yet, once we do it will probably take economists another 10 years of head scratching to figure out why the entire global economy is in a different behavior mode. Try to convince an economist that capital and labor are both inert without energy and all the branches of economics are subsystems of biophysical economics or nonsense. At some point in the peak energy future after a decade of biophysical economists explaining both the successes and the failures of the pseudoscience branches of economics and purging all the epiphenomenon, finally people will have an accurate model of reality to work with, but by then it will be too late because the seneca cliff will have left us in no condition to do anything.
Why can't i just poof money into existence and loan it out for interest?
it will take place over decades , the roman collapse took place over centuries. These things are slow compared to a person's life. There is no magical place you can move to save you. Figure out how to make enough money to stay alive and figure out how to stay alive without money, that covers most of your bases
*the gun is good*
Lots of internet people seem flabbergasted by the idea of the stock market going up while they get fucked, i was just giving a tard level explanation that there can be reasons
Stockmarkets historically Melt-up during currency debasement. Don't expect a crash, expect a blowout. When your currency is becoming less valuable being printed in mass quantities and entering the economy a loaf of bread may go from $1 to $100, so if you save dollars you lose the value you saved and if your wages don't track inflation fast enough (hint they never do) you get poorer. If you own real assets your real assets adjust for the inflation just like the bread does. If you own a share of a company XYZ worth $100 that earns profit to pay $10 in dividends and now the company brings in $100 of inflated money instead of $10 but the $100 only buys you what you previously could buy with $10 the market reprices the XYZ stock to the same multiple so your stock is now worth $1000 per share and pays $100 dividends. This 10X wealth is not real increase in purchasing power parity it is just extra zeroes tacked on to everything. Having extra zeroes tacked on doesn't hurt you since you retain purchasing power from your assets. However when people see the melt-up and see their money losing value there is usually a wave that pushes everyone into equities and other real assets while the people holding those assets are not interested in moving to cash which can cause quite a bit of overshoot so you can make some real purchasing power premiums that can be moved into other assets with good timing. This all requires owning equities that continue to be productive industries during the inflationary event. Remember as inflation spirals fixed debts become trivial to pay and those who owe debts can wipeout their debt overhang, while those whose assets were other people's debts get paid back the nominal amount but lose massive amounts of purchasing power. It is better to OWE debt than to OWN debt during money printing, (assuming that money printing becomes inflationary). Going into massive debt can actually be a brilliant investment strategy in the right historical moments. TLDR: the nominal value of stocks generally shoots up towards infinite at the endgame, don't expect a crash. https://www.reddit.com/r/MakeTotalDestr0i/comments/cfgluy/when_money_dies_the_nightmare_of_the_weimar/ this is a good book to read even if you just skip around in it you will get useful actionable knowledge and some very entertaining history
&gt; Joe Biden is almost cakewalling into the white house. Mostly because trump is a shitstorm but also the media coverage. This is what everyone said last time and Trump won. Everyone on the left absolutely loathes Biden, he is the worst possible neoliberal shitlord to have run for president. Lots of edgelords ,both sides, voting Trump to finish off america. "Violent" "BLM riots" scare "the whitey" and boost trump approval.
No, i thought it was fun and irreverent. im calling Trump checks Berniebux from now on.
&gt; Given the complexity and expertise needed for that hack A 15year old kid was the one who figured it out and pulled it off in his bedroom with off the shelf components and a little tinkering. The state already has a kit to just pop the shell and hit it all done in 15 minutes while the people at the airport have you in holding
Just because I'm paranoid doesn't mean they're not after you
&gt;I think complex technological society is a net positive for humanity, and do not believe it's possible to have it without authoritarian hierarchy. Perhaps most significantly, I think the trade-off is worth it... an attitude that places me at odds with almost everyone here. I think humans have not nearly reached the Pareto frontier on how much **complex technological society** we can muster without *Authoritarian hierarchy* , it is however the go-to Antipattern (An anti-pattern is a common response to a recurring problem that is usually ineffective and risks being highly counterproductive.) There is rarely reason to not at least attempt to solve problems without hierarchy, and if no solutions are found, at least try to use Non-Authoritarian justified Hierarchies first before eventually questioning if the thing is even necessary in the first place, upon deciding it is necessary after exhausting all other options then go with the authoritarian hierarchy. Everyone i ever meet that thinks authoritarian hierarchies are worth it are the people who have never been at the victims end of receiving the authoritarian hierarchies negative externalities. simulate the nightmare scenarios in your mind and recognize that is what other's experiences are with authoritarian hierarchies. To them all your speech just sounds like a stereotypical privileged person. It doesn't make shit difference if you had to work hard and struggle to get your position, that doesn't justify others getting fucked. I think people weren't disturbed by "racism" from you it was mostly other things. Like what i call "the cult of infinite responsibility" where anything wrong with the system that people want changed you blame on their alleged personal irresponsibility, and think "oh i suffered and/or struggled to get mine therefore these people just need to pay their dues in the currency of suffering or being treated like garbage until they get theirs too" "Look here is *X* that was disadvantaged but achieved *Y* therefore the system is good" not productive, doesn't excuse injustices, doesn't excuse letting people be treated like shit. Yes there are irresponsible people that nobody can save and there are dimwits that think everything should be handed to them, but this isn't the nature of what people are going off about, that is just the strawman that people whom the system has worked for imagine in their naive minds, People don't want everything handed to them they just want the fucking boot off their neck, they want a society that isn't run in a way where they littlest thing can destroy your life whether that be a minor medical issue or an encounter with the police.
&gt; the injection of liquidity WILL NOT cause inflation to spiral out of control like you are suggesting. i didn't suggest it would, if you actually read what i wrote and comprehended it you would have noticed i wrote things like "(assuming that money printing becomes inflationary)" you do your own assuming. there are many possibilities. There will have to be more actual helicopter money or there will be more unrest. Also the government has totally bogus inflation statistics because of the way they use fictitious substitutions and all sorts of other tricks and if they don't capture food and fuel they are meaningless to normal people. Rents have tripled and wages have stagnated. also baumol's cost disease. How do all you people with MBA's graduate but still never learn to read. I think the MBA is the degree where people prove the highest level of obedience and braindeadness without actually demonstrating the smarts of a Phd. MBA's produce the worse types of human tools for the overclass. "but i am sure some of them are perfectly fine people"
data is showing about 1/3rd has been saved
what jobs?
build 'munities
dafuck
/r/Paupericide
I am going to make the argument that the best hackers arenot gen Z it is actually the older folks
Clever title. I am glad you like *Crime Pays But Botany Doesn’t* that guy is one of my faves You should get the book *How to breed your own vegetable varietes* by carol deppe it is one of the all time best books, information dense , a page turner like a good novel, teaches in plain english for truly achieving practical things without dumbing anything down, and has that special polymath genius of someone that thinks across domains and interweaves everything, a real incorruptible soul like alan kapuler . Lots of good stuff in there about breaking down the species barrier everything from inducing polyploidy to making crosses that create compatibility to make other crosses. I would rank it up there with the permaculture designer's manual.
you should ask the police and elites to reform if you don't want civil war. Don't ask the victims of tyranny and abuse to refrain from fighting for their survival and dignity
not just the actual native hawaiians but just about every single person i met while i lived there didn't want tourists there unless they were directly employed by tourism.
&gt; and we have to make our own toilet paper? gourd leaves are big soft and grow as fast as you can poop
i feel bad for any sucker that pays into pensions. These pensions are doing exactly the opposite of what they should be doing. someone should force them to read Taleb, unfortunately they would probably learn nothing. This shit is criminally negligent. They lost a billion from abandoning their tail risk hedge.
oof
Many states you poor you no get healthcare. obamacare didn't cover all the states
i share the same opinion
so it begins. our markets are going to be so distorted than when the whole deck of cards comes down it will be like soviet union collapse.
silence of the lambs
also /r/greencommunes
where you at?
Rcp 8.5 is business as usual.
People that go to prison often have more children than upper middle class people because poor impulse control leads to more pregnancy and more prison sentences. Your hypothesis is probably false
I'm a street neet
I have no idea what this even means
Tent housing. Stores with free stuff, lots of 2year expired food. 3 porta potties, a loud annoying generator running who knows what.
I think a lot of the bullshit pathological pascifism has been abandoned compared to occupy, but there are still middle class people that get on the microphone or bullhorn and try to rally for peace and love, thinking that that somehow stops sociopathic elites from victimizing you and commiting atrocities. The only reason this police precinct didn't catch on fire like in that other city was that people here were trying to show that if the city gives in to protestor demands the protestors would moderate there behavior. If the city tries to reclaim the precinct there is a non-zero chance it gets toasty. I will try to get some pics of the precinct because it look pretty cool like something out of a cyberpunk city's lower levels or RoboCop 3.
From what I have gathered the organizing has been less than previous weeks but there is still organizing and marches. There is a bit of an ominous mood as people are expecting some sneaky shit from the city. There are under cover cops usually walking in groups of 3 through the CHAZ but it probably only totals about 30 at any one point in time. I was followed out of the CHAZ by an old man and he snuck up and took a photo of my face when I took my mask off to eat. Tried to pretend he was taking a photo of something else. So they are definitely still building Intel and getting faces. I assume they will use it to prosecute when the state finally cracks the whip
I'm not very apprehensive about crime but I live the dirty street life so I'm less sensitive to certain stuff and have the ability to recognize real danger versus the perception bias types of danger that make yuppies clutch their pearls. I have a bit of a fear of a lunatic driving a vehicle through here mowing down people while they sleep. There are actually lots of schizophrenics and tweekers completely out of their mind and I think they are potentially dangerous to other innocent people but there is not the capacity to deal with them humanely other than just letting them be and ignoring them. The schizo with the sword is legitimately dangerous. The other types of crime mostly fall under the category of a criminal that's going to fuck with another criminal and violence ensues but it is of the general consensual violence that occurs among people that don't use a legal system to resolve disputes. If you don't mix yourself in that kind of shit the chance of being a crime victim is probably lower than in general society. Everything is free here, drugs, clean needles, med supplies, food, water , place to sleep. So survival crimes are unnessary. The response to conflict is very swift now and the new motto is "BE NICE or GET OUT!", Peace makers run in and squash conflict and community says stop it or leave the zone. People are acting no different than any standard bum encampment, but much lighter on the drinking. IMO the vibe here is kind of a drag but there are waves of people that are here during their off times from normie life to, so it changes alot from different shifts. Somebody alledgedly raped someone and the alleged rapist was spotted as I was typing this and a mob chased the guy as he swung a stick at the mob until he ran out of the CHAZ. Tall slender middle age black male wearing all yellow, in case anyone is here and wants to know who to look out for. The plain clothes cops were right there and could have apprehended him but didn't. 9:45 pm I walked to the Whole Foods earlier and listened to yuppies in there try to complain about this stuff happening to their neighborhood , while the meat man in the store seemed to be repressing disdain for the million dollar condo owners whining while the he was handing them their $100 wagyu roast. The way the yuppies are tiptoeing around saying what they want to say is grating , I've been getting more amusement from listening to the flabbergasted bloviations of the semi-wealthy people living in the area as they come survey the CHAZ. I think a lot of these people that thought they were liberals are getting that panic that eventually makes them vote hard NIMBY even if it means Republican.
There are multiple groups and all sorts of fringe people . People just try to rally who they can based on their vision. So there is no cohesive "storyline". The medias storylines are almost completely divorced from reality though. There has been some effort to make intergroup unity for the marches and there has been success with that. We got the police scared into locking their door and hiding in a second precinct last night and shut down lots of intersections. Tagged up the building One fucked up thing is that the media keep portraying the black people as insane chaos monkeys but they are the most civil moderating force out here in general, a few lunatics the exception. If this country wants to not have shit keep getting more insane they should work with the black leaders and organizers because they are the only force that can dial people back without the police state crackdowns. My personal taste is more hardline revolutionary destroy all the police stations but these people are still concerned about appearing civilized and restrained. I respect their attempt to be reasonable moderating reformists and try to leave them their chances to try thier tactics. Most of the BLM cells are the LEAST radical groups. If the "powers that be" don't let their moderate tactics achieve some meaningful reforms the next big wave there will not be moderates left. But I don't expect that wave too soon. People need some recovery time and to survey the effects and let everything settle before they will be ready for the real shit. There was something that surprised me but I forgot what it was, still haven't woken up fully this morning.when I remember I will come back and edit the comment Edit . I remembered the thing that surprised me and it was across all age group virtually zero cell phones were being used for all the entire everything. It was like a 1990s level of cell phone usage. It was amazing.
Not seeing NGO's. It would have been useful to have some mental health NGOs come to do serious social work helping with the influx of lunatics. NGOs were nonexistent from a practical perspective. There has been a diverse assortment of groups but most have been only loosly organized and coordinated States strategy is to wait for attrition and build cases like they did with the Bundy ranch debacle. I saw zero guns the entire time. There was nothing useful to do with guns here honestly except maybe early on when the neoreactionaries like the proudboys were afoot
Lots of precedent for them cracking down after the fact already see Earth first ,elf/alf, early 1900s , red scare, 99 Seattle , pretty much all of USA history. They go after people. They build cases.
I hear what you are saying but the practical point is that CHAZ / CHOP isn't just occupied space it is a stunning amount of crime with potential multi-year sentences. Will the police not take revenge ?... Maybe , but everyone should err on the side of caution because it can be life destroying if you get caught. That's not overstated.
I just want to say fuck all you holodomor denialist tankie fucks. You are the lefts version of neonazi fuckwads. Stop trying to cleanse the history of authoritarian atrocities committed by the statist left
CHOP took in all the homeless , druggies and mental patients from the entire city and did pretty fucking well with it compared to the entire city state and nation despite 10x the load and 1 trillionth the resources All while being attacked by the entire corporatestate media apparatus and various flavors of brownshirts
Go into ketosis for a week and it will go away. starve the yeast
The new hottness on the right is to call all the printed money, checks, unemployment, and corporate welfare that was recently handed out "Berniebux".
People leave stloius to immigrate to Mexico where it is nice
What happened to Reddit is the combination of hordes of stupid people finding it along with bot and shill armies all inflaming ideological polarization while admins continue to crank down with censorship in a way that throws the proverbial baby out with the bathwater. Also a mention for mod fatigue when subReddit subscriber numbers get high and it is hard to find mods that are not tankies or fascists and hard to find mods that can put in work to keep quality high because competent people don't want to work for free modding or creating content on a platform that is making other people rich. The reddExit is everyone leaving because it is across the oblivion threshold, that twin scourge of forums of somehow simultaneously being a noisy cesspool and censored hellhole. There is no coming back from this. Some other platform will take it's place and start the cycle all over again. There are contenders being built but nothing stands out yet as far as I can tell.
Nassim Taleb is Lebanese and speaks about what is happening, there are videos on YouTube and written things too. He recommended buying Bitcoin and gold before this happened, he also owns olive groves there.
