suck my dick
He's got a pretty low-arcing shot too, I'm always amazed when players can make those at a high percentage instead of rattling out constantly.
Take em out Milly
Man that second guy is a fuckin douchebag
If you talk to Nashandra after obtaining the Ashen Mist Heart, she will say, *"Seek the forest, you, where those wretched giants slumber."*
You can kind of treat the DLCs the same way you treat the 4 Great Souls portion of the game, jumping between them as you progress to more difficult parts of each. I usually start in Iron and do most of it, then go Sunken and do the whole thing, then do most of Ivory, then finish the last parts of Iron, then finish the last parts of Ivory. You definitely want to speak to Vendrick after completing all the DLCs before doing the final boss though, as it gives you a cool secret buff that's relevant to the boss fight, especially in terms of its themes.
Zweihander's actually great if you've got the stats for it, some of its 2H attacks cause knockdown as well which is so useful for interrupting enemies and crowd control. Once you learn the rhythm you can just chain knockdown enemies to death and they can't even do anything. I like to use the Smelter Swords that show up later on in the game, same moveset as Zwei but more damage and their R2s cause explosions, one of the most damaging weapon attacks in the entire game. But Zwei will serve you quite well all the way until the final parts of NG and the beginning of the DLC, it's much easier to max early since it uses normal titanite instead of dragon bones.
You just gotta be hitting him every time he finishes an attack sequence, I think it operates on a timer with a critical HP contingency because he didn't start the summon either time until he was at like 20-30% HP for me and I would just go to town on him before he could finish. Also this last NG+ fight today I had a fully-optimized Dark Crypt Blacksword +5 buffed with Dark Weapon, and debuffed him with Whisper of Despair to start the fight. Poor bastard literally went down in like 10 swings.
I think Murakumo is pretty popular and it's dex, but it handles more like an ultra weapon. Obviously there's a bunch of katanas too but those are more pvp-focused. There's also rapiers but they're boring as hell to use. If you want to be using Greatswords it's honestly better to go STR. Claymore at least is quality so you can get dex scaling from it, might be worth checking out. Also I'd bump your dex back down to 40, the extra 10 points will barely add any damage to most weapons and is best put in another stat. Once you start getting the mats for upgrading boss soul and twinkling weapons there are a lot of interesting dex ones available though. Warped Sword, Fume Sword, Ivory King Ultra Greatsword, Curved Dragon Greatsword, Loyce Greatsword, Bewitched Alonne Sword.
Bird lady in Tseldora sells it, have you freed her yet?
I think it depends on how close you are. If you get far enough away from the center one tick won't get you but if you stand up from the knockdown and it's still going then that next one might.
There is NO REASON to own a cloth napkin. A cloth napkin can be used as a deadly strangulation tool, how could you possibly justify owning a cloth napkin when a paper one serves the exact same intended purpose?
That first one looks like it might have just dropped from an enemy above and slipped through the cracks. Might be unreachable but it's probably just a lifegem or something, I wouldn't worry about it.
Dark builds do have a natural advantage because they get around +150 in all resistances, plus you get access to hexes and eventually some good weapons. There's very little reason not to be at least some type of spellblade in this game unless you just want to intentionally handicap yourself
This, but ironically
plebs not using type B controls smh
VI is overrated as hell but its story is better than X's at least. X is by no means a terrible video game but its story and characters are corny af
Should probably count as at least 5
STR/INT. Aged Smelter Sword + Bracing Knuckle Ring + Repair Sorcery = lol as you run around oneshotting every enemy in a fiery blue explosion. Bring some soul spears along as an extra fuck you to groups of enemies with a Magic Staff of Amana and snipe the snipers with a Magic Dragonrider Bow. gg ez
It's a perfectly normal number of opinions, find a new slant
That's Barea, Redick is on the Sixers
Travis does seem to have an interest in playing characters where he can set up a double cross. I think the most obvious one was the Deadlands oneshot where he used a very similar concept to Fjord, a friendly unassuming character with a fake accent that suddenly turned into a Texan badass that fucked the group over. I suppose it's also entirely possible that he's chosen to play the complete inverse of that though, as his "true accent" seems to be softspoken and British like the fake one in the oneshot. Maybe he's going for a Cloud Strife angle where he's pretending to act like someone he idolized and burying the person he grew up as because he's ashamed of it.
Didn't even hit rim, Korver might legitimately be the greatest catch and shoot sniper of all time
The cool thing about the 9S segment is that you can just hang back and watch 2B fuck shit up. I actually really enjoyed that, it created some cool context after having been the "star" previously with 9S hanging back being the AI sidekick. And at the same time it also lets you appreciate and empathize with him a lot more. Also if you're really considering not going on I might as well tell you: the "third playthrough" is actually just the second half of the game. The plot continues rather than repeating itself over again. Shit POPS OFF. And honestly the 9S playthrogh shouldn't even take that long as you only need to do main story quests, no reason to repeat sidequests over again.
Google "galactic filament" and realize that you're looking at the most massive neural network in existence. Calling the Universe "The Mind of God" is probably about as accurate as you can get from a human perspective, though the true reality of it is likely far more complex.
[never forget](https://imgur.com/a/LM2XsOQ)
V is the opposite of an entry point, it's a game for masters to cap off their experience of the series with.
That's the short version lul
Pretty sure Prompto is supposed to be the dumb one, Gladio reads all the time in car rides. He's probably the least charismatic of the group though, he doesn't always say the right thing.
In 3 everyone is Artorias with ancient tattered decaying armor, it's pretty lame
One of the biggest issues is probably that your build is super low tier and also a little underleveled. Quality builds are mostly trash in this game, furthermore the Drangleic Sword got nerfed so its scaling and overall AR aren't great. It's rough that you dumped 15 twinkling into it. For instance the Black Knight Greatsword, one of my favorite weapons, will have over 100 more AR than Drangleic Sword and has its exact same moveset. Also DLC enemies especially in Shulva tend to be difficult to stagger with anything but the 2HR2 combo of normal greatswords. Pursuer's UGS generally isn't used by most players as it's both outclassed by the regular Greatsword in terms of AR and it needs twinkling. However it's by no means a terrible weapon so you can stick with it if you like, it should be fairly able to stunlock most enemies. The main thing I would change about your build is to bring your dex down to 18 for the minimum requirements of the PUGS. You only gain something like 15 extra AR on it with 40 dex. With these 22 points you can easily take VIG to 30 and END to to 25, giving you a lot more survivability and extra stamina to work with. You should have Third Dragon Ring, Chloranthy Ring +1, Ring of Blades +1, and then the other ring of your choice. If you really do like the Drangleic Sword's playstyle and beautiful moveset like I do though, I encourage you to look into turning into a spellblade build as you gain more levels and getting the BKGS. With 40 str, 20 dex, and then like 40 int and 12 faith you will get around 550 AR with it, fantastic damage for how relatively quick it is. This stat allocation also lets you use sorceries and sets you up to use possibly my favorite weapon in the entire series, the Blue Smelter Sword. God damn that thing is fun to wreck enemies with, close to 700 AR and its R2 might be the most damaging single weapon attack in the game. The big thing that makes the game a lot more manageable for every build is a bow. It lets you snipe enemies from a safe vantage or pull them to safer locations instead of being forced to fight them on their ground, in their formations. Dragonrider Bow is my favorite because it scales with mostly strength and some int while still weighing only 3.0. Just buy like 500 arrows and you're effectively a mage with unlimited long-range soul arrows without even needing to spend any attunement slots. Final thing I recommend is to check out a source of blunt damage for those real troublesome enemies, preferably in the form of a greathammer. Drakekeeper's is my personal favorite and not too hard to farm, but you can't go wrong with large/great club either unless you're worried about crimes against Fashion Souls. Most of the armored enemies that are causing you trouble take *tremendously* more damage from blunt than they do from slash, plus greathammers have awesome 2HR2s that force knockdown on many enemies. With just a little bit of practice you can chain these together and kill them completely uncontested. So to sum up, pop a soul vessel, take your dex down to min req, reallocate to VIG/END, grab a bow, grab a greathammer, think about diversifying to hybrid caster in the future. Good luck skeleton
Only talking about vanilla, sotfs has a lot more activity
It might be useful to have a pocket lighting weapon just for enemies particularly weak to it
What's a king to a god?
Don't forget acting like he just got kicked in the chest by fuckin Neo any time someone drives close to him on defense
Must be rough to constantly have to find ways to root for two of the most unlikeable players in the NBA
Yeah I know "focus the wizard" is generally fair game for the DM playing somewhat intelligent creatures, but I feel like you shouldn't get to immediately go into that strat before the wizard even casts his first spell. Like Caleb's not wearing a pointy hat with a fuckin moon and stars on it, how are a bunch of fish people gonna know immediately upon sight? I think if the M9 were fighting a group of adventurers and Marisha rolled highest initiative and was like "yo so which one looks like the wizard" it'd be the fastest "you don't know" Matt dished out in his life, or at the very least some kind of wisdom skill check to gain the info.
Living legend, he's earned every right. They even gave him his own room at the Garden to get trashed in and watch the games by himself. Also he paints Bob Ross style landscapes and is pretty good at it, just a really interesting guy all around.
Snake Way
Well I mean that is kind of what he was doing, at least in part. He wanted to probe Fjord's motivations and get a sense of the decisions he would make when in full control. The other side though wasn't anything underhanded: he was sending a very clear message to Fjord like, "hey, I know it seems like the others tend to look to both of us for guidance and direction, but right now this is your show. You are the leader and I will go along. However, eventually it will be my turn, and I expect you to show me the same deference when that time comes." And Fjord picked up on that loud and clear. Caleb was both shoring up an alliance and washing his hands of responsibility for wherever Fjord decides to take them, it was a move well-deserving of his INT score.
Middleton is currently just tanking his shooting percentage rn so he can go 8-8 on behind-the-back halfcourt shots when he plays us again
Have you tried not buying weed, it's surprisingly effective at cutting a weed habit
He said biggest threat though. Shelob ain't a threat to anyone not stupid enough to take a stroll through Cirith Ungol. Witch King commands a massive army that was capable of taking down Gondor itself.
That scrub didn't even know about the art of the 5-man substitution
LaVine is a scrub who only shows up real big to inflate his stats against mediocre teams, he gets exposed by good defense and plays pretty sloppy.
Can't wait for SSGSSJ3 Lissa at the end of the month
idk i feel like the campaign kinda started to drag on for a little while around that time
Not clever enough to not ruin it either
[Nah LeBron adopted them from Truth](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oXle8aRPFkg)
Frodo got the last laugh though, preserved his virginity and was made an honorary wizard gaining admission to the undying lands of the gods themselves, normalhobbits btfo
While I still don't think actual legal ramifications for being a piece of shit bully are the way to go, I'd be pretty on board with immunity from legal ramifications for anyone who then decides to give you the ass-kicking you deserve.
Death. The final one-way exit. Everything internal we do in life is simply preparing for that final moment when we are alone and hit the ultimate rush that either turns the lights out forever or pulls us into the unknowable beyond. Are we merely an impossibly complex collective of the cellular and microbial that forms a superorganism with all those systems creating a consciousness, or are these bodies simply hosts that allow a consciousness to exist in the material realm? What happens to the self, the mind, the spirit, the "I," when the body, the "me," is removed? What if our afterlife could be determined by all our accumulated knowledge and understanding? What if all you're left with is all that you know, and your presence is created by your capacity for imagination? What if transcendental wisdom is the only way to merge with the hyperdimensional source of all energy and still be able to say "I?" Psychedelics are a mechanism in my continual journey that allow me to temporarily rewire my brain and attempt to establish perspective beyond the base state of human bias. To try and grasp the outer nature of all the things a mind can be, not bogged down by all the preconceptions of a deeply-conditioned human world and society, a tiny electron in a galactic cell in [the cosmic neural network.](https://i.imgur.com/Jqf8e3j.jpg) I want to prepare myself to link up and tap in to whatever lies beyond the void of mortal expiration. The way I see it, if all that preparation ends up being for nothing and what lies beyond death truly is just the absolute cessation of all existence, oblivion, then nothing in my life mattered anyway. But if it is truly only the beginning of the journey, then I want to be fully armed with as much fortitude of the spirit as possible for whatever comes next, because that's the only thing you can take with you.
Tarantino's movies are not supposed to be life-changing revelations of narrative that analyze the depths of the human condition; they're simply exhibits of style. Gratuitous, supersaturation-level amounts of style. You know, style. That thing that you don't have.
There is an idea of a Catrick Bateman, some kind of abstraction, but there is no real me, only an entity, something illusory, and though I can hide my cold gaze and you can shake my paw and feel claws gripping yours and maybe you can even sense our lifestyles are probably comparable: I simply am not there.
That's unfortunate because this little thing called the law of the land seems to hold a difference of opinion with you. Perhaps you could try writing your congressman about it
Praetorians can only sync kill you after they land, so you might be able to get away with charging one while it's floating and then immediately running away. You generally shouldn't be charging them though unless you're about to die and have literally no other target. You can also bait them onto uneven ground like others have said, you can only be sync killed if you and the enemy are at the same height. Just make sure you don't end up sideways aligned on the ramp with them.
Hey man, it's hard to stay upright with your entire team on your back the whole game
Ignoring the fact that the sotfs upgrade was $30 and probably should have been free to anyone who had bought the season pass for the original as you're massively overblowing the significance of the content changes, they did the exact same thing AGAIN with DSR, except this time with even fewer content changes from the original, which is widely renowned as one of the worst PC ports of all time and never received a patch btw. So spread those cheeks wide for when they inevitably decide to pull the same shit for DS3 because I'm sure you'll be ready and willing to come to their defense and try to spin that into somehow not being anti-consumer scummery too.
Because you're not from North Carolina lmao, in the American South Christianity bleeds into the education system a lot more rather than being an extracurricular thing.
DA🅱 ON THIS 🅱ITCH 🅱OWARD
Jester is very immature, I imagine the Gentleman could probably sense the bit of arrested development she's got going on and it saved him from going full Shorthalt.
Using both increaes the chances that readers will know at least one of them lul
The writers are gonna have to pull overtime for this one
suck my vocabulary
Dear lord why on Earth are you a Kings fan then
Pyromancy/fire is a secondary caster discipline. You need to commit to int for sorcery, faith for miracles, and split the difference for dark, but fire, since it's just the total of int and faith up to 60, works equally well for all 3 builds. Honestly though pyromancy in general is kinda blah offensively aside from a few spells you get pretty late like flame swathe and forbidden sun. It's usually not worth taking over the equivalent damaging spells from whatever other discipline your character focuses on. However, it does have a couple good utility spells in the form of flash sweat and warmth. Flash sweat is incredibly helpful vs. Smelter Demon as between that and rolling through one of the water vases it makes you almost immune to his fire aura's damage. Then warmth is a handy way to heal up in a safe spot without wasting estus or lifegems. Keep in mind though that this game isn't like DS1, you get plenty of soul levels to devote to almost all stats. The cost of leveling doesn't sharply increase until around lvl 180-200, so it's very viable to build a character with both physical and caster capabilities.
Whenever they get back to the Empire, I bet it's going to be eternal night over there with the magical darkness having spread from Xhorhas. Matt's definitely going to impose some effects for choosing not to get involved in the war.
Calvin and Hobbes IRL
The capital of the Drow Empire is the ruins of the Betrayer Gods' ancient city
Thordak is Thursday, it's what they face every week
If you watch Yasha's conversation with Trent Ikithon, she confirms that the Drow keep their lands under a perpetual cover of darkness through unknown magics. It could very well be part of their religion.
Kyrie hits 30 foot Suck My Dick 3s at the top of the clock almost every game too, just not in OT to break a tie lol how the fuck you actually gonna try to downplay that
Greta Greta Greta Greta Greta Greta Greta
Damn, someone put this in a game book! Informative, good tone, perfect length. Ideal for players to get a nice picture of one of the most interesting Daedric Lords, Vile is my guy. Hope he gets his own expansion one day.
If you call him Sleepy, Kyrie will never pass him the ball because he ain't woke
I think there's a difference between players coming together to form a superteam and one player bandwagoning onto an already existing superteam
ESO is an experimental simulation program the Fourth Era Psijics use on prisoners in an attempt to rehabilitate them into helpful roles in society, CMV
Hey it's that Smash character
2 is kinda played out for me and 3 is just a bad game, 1 is the only one that never gets old
8-0 in the Marcus Start era
Giannis Uptodahoopgo
Ayo this nibba 5'5" in heels
Nah let's keep starting Baynes so he can hang out at the top of the key and then bobble passes and miss lobs any time he cuts to the paint
I think his regret doesn't stem at all from choosing to leave, but rather from choosing to look for books and leaving his friends in the lion's den. Even though he didn't kniw what they were facing, he still put them at priority 2 and thus was not there for them when they were in dire need. He's going to beat himself up for that choice for a long time.
Hey guys I'm the random friend, yep that's me totally random you just never know what I'm gonna do next haha xD lol 🤣🤣🤣😘😪🙃😆😘
Cs have gotta see if they can carrry the momentum and actually beat some higher tier teams in the streak though. We're pretty much just doing now what we should habe been doing all year trying to make up for some botched outings. Let's not forget Philly's 16 streak last year that got everyone's hopes up and overinflated expectations. I actually think the Christmas game against the new lineup with Jimmy will be a pretty good litmus test as he's made them feel a lot more like a threat.
Beau should have been absolutely wasted and incoherent by the time the rest of them started popping out
Did you respond with the fact that teams score more than like 4 times per game?
Yall spelling it whack: wack
Punk literally looks like his real name should be Cletus and I think he might have some sort of mental disability, which really would explain his success starting in SFV if you think about it
*Psst, play it cool bro these things take time.* You can't force a relationship ahead of its time and make it feel genuine, it's still way too early in the campaign for that. One of the things I thought was so amazing about Percy and Vex is that Taliesin and Laura in no way planned that shit at all. In fact you could plainly see how awkward they felt at first as it became more and more apparent. It was like the characters themselves fell in love all on their own and the players just played the part. Pressure from the fanbase around ships is never cool for the players to be constantly hearing about because it can change the tone and make things feel less organic, you just have to enjoy the game and see what happens. Personally I think Jester will be a very important part of deciding what Caleb's ultimate fate will be and is probably the only one who can really fix him, but they don't necessarily have to fall in love for that to happen, and honestly it's way too early in the campaign for any characters to really be in a relationship. Vox Machina had been together for over a year before Vax and Keyleth happened. Only time will tell.
One of my first mushroom trips we were shooting around with a basketball in the driveway and I realized basketball shots are just quadratic expressions. A linear impulse vector being acted upon by gravity to form an inverted parabola. So basically I could draw out the arc with my mind, then literally just look for the vertex, aim the ball at that, and watch it splash every time, because as soon as the ball reaches the vertex and starts to drop it will always be a symmetrical reflection of its path on the way up. I was basically only aiming the first half of the shot and gravity was finishing it for me.
She's not robot enough for him
Also I would assume it was actually called "Arbiter," and likely only exists in Japanese.
Half-Life series is a great training course for m+k. You're gonna want to learn on an actual shooter with accurate controls rather than a lot of fantasy/RPG games which can have some built-in mouse acceleration that's hard to get rid of.
A monotheistic God is a construct representing the collective will of its followers. While the origins of the Christian and Muslim Gods are both rooted in the Abrahamic myth, they have long since undergone a philosophical mitosis, reflective of the divergence of the two faiths from each other. God is built by religion and evolves alongside it. Would you say there could ever be a reconciliation between Islam and Christianity where one day they just said, "you know what, we're pretty much the same, let's just combine our churches and congregations and rituals and holidays and form one single religion?" No? Then their Gods have become wholly separate entities as well.
You misspelled "the vaporware that will never see the light of day." Feeleth yon badman
Annihilation is the term
Citation needed on that bottom panel chief
The world will never get to hear the wonders of I̷͙͉̹̳̥͘N̵̛̺̘̮̥̖͍F҉͖̭͓E͉̞̥̜̩͙͖R҉͔͈̠̲̭̠̹͡Ǹ̢̜̺A̴҉̵̰͓̖̥̖̬L̸̝̥̖͙̤͝ ̷̘̘̰̱I҉̯̬̦̪̱̗̱̀N̴͉̜̮̣͍̲͜S̝̼͔̺ͅP͍̮̹̝͔͉̺̼͢͜͠I̵̻̠̤̪͇͡Ṟ̵̡̢͇̰ͅA̸̢̦͉̙͇̫̘̥͟T͓̠͖̻̕͡I͓̤͍̗̳̯̦͟͡O̟̜͍͍͕͟N͔͎̦
#***LLLLLLLLLLLEARNNNN***
China is basically a nation of children in many ways
Fjord is asshole. Why Nott hate?
Yasha opened up to her too. I've been saying Jester is pretty much the only one who has a chance at fixing Caleb, but she could also help Yasha in a similar way. Though ultimately I think Yasha's issues are a personal journey and she's not on the path to total self-destruction like Caleb is.
Hayward is playing like he should be making $5mil/year
Primes everything it touches with no detonation bonus, and you need an acoyte anyway for it to actually CC anything, in which case you could have just outright killed everything with a detonating power with a short cooldown. Oh and hey it can also be dodged if you don't have an acolyte too, lul. It's a slower and inferior playstyle with no upside, much like the vanilla human adept as a whole. Not only that, but it actively inhibits other players trying to prime with warp by de-powering the resulting explosions and effectively aiding the enemy.
Uko'toa is definitely not an aboleth, even the most ancient ones don't grow to that size. I think Mercer has been wanting to bust an aboleth out for a while now though, he had an optional encounter with one prepared way back in the very first arc of C1.
I virtually never run into it but that's on gold/platinum. It might be more common on bronze and silver. Even still you're probably lucky if you run into a lobby that gives you millions of credits as a reward, the grind to unlock stuff in this game is pretty extreme and heavily RNG-based. This late into its life cycle there's no shame in getting a little jumpstart and having some better weapons and characters to use.
That explains all the attention you're craving I guess
You can try it on pcsx2 but you'll need a ps3 controller and the right driver because it has special controls based around pressure-sensitive face buttons
It's called settling amigo
It's known as the War of Manifest Metaphor. It has happened many times before and will almost certainly continue to do so. After a kalpa ends, time destabilizes and the mantles of the godforms are taken up by those who have inherited them and the Mythic cycle plays out, where Auriel rules the divine spirit realm and Shor steals his power to create the flawed mortal plane. The lesser spirits that follow each take up arms under their banners and go to war. Shor loses (intentionally) and his death binds the rest of the gods to the same fate by manifesting into a stone, his heart. And a new kalpa begins.
Welcome to the Kawhi Leonard school of basketball
Wildemount Geography seems to be kind of wonky as of now, I'm not sure we even have a complete picture of the continent. I think Matt's been quoted as saying it's significantly larger than Tal'Dorei.
I think it's supposed to release in February. There's a mod you can install for the current version that fixes the crashing for many people but not everybody. Plus they didn't even put it on sale so there's no real point in not waiting.
Why would you be sexually attracted to property
Just give em a saline drip and tell em it's the autism vaccine
I think it's actually intentional on Liam's part, seems like he has fun with blending his own thoughts with the character's mannerisms
...What? SOYBOY is evolving!
Check out my Turian Ghost build in the BBLoB. Honestly it's a better choice for the gun than GI, who is best with the Black Widow.
Is this some wack ESO retcon or something?
That shot is what's known to woke individuals as a Suck My Dick 3
Horford was giving him hell all game, not just the fourth. If Embiid got to work the low post uncontested Philly would have run away with the game. Al made him work for every single shot all game and it created a lot of stops.
Same face though
Maybe if you didn't drink so much milk you'd just shape the stone into something more comfortable!
She's right at home in Houston
Well you could skip through filler fights, but much of the remaining combat is boss battles and you should never skip the boss battles. Sometimes during a non-crucial combat episode I'd just put it on my other monitor and play a game with the fight going on in the background.
A lot of people you run into on the internet have difficulty picking up on social cues or properly interpreting subtext and underlying intention, so it can lead to a lot of misunderstandings or incorrect takes. My favorite was when C1[so many people were convinced that Scanlan didn't want to be brought back after dying.](/spoiler) edit: another thought I had is that there's a subset of critters who just listen to the podcast, so they never even get the chance to read body language and expressions and have to go entirely based on tone of voice
Well something to keep in mind is that it's specifically the Drow Empire waging the war, who only make up the northern subset of Xhorhas. Yasha and her people are Xhorhassians but seemingly unaffiliated with the Kryn (Krjn? I hope it's Krjn that'd be a badass spelling). And they are apparently based out of Ghor Dranas, the ancient capital of the Betrayer Gods. It's a name Matt has thrown around quite a bit but so far has not appeared to stick with any of the players. Ghor Dranas will almost certainly be a very important setting in high-level events, and it's hard to imagine the society that chooses such a place as its nexus to be anything but evil. Plus you know that whole ominous spreading of eternal night across the mountains thing doesn't exactly seem wholesome and welcoming either.
No you're a Celtics fan so you're a *racist* brown man from Atlanta
My first thought was a cambion
Even last year when we were all sick if him, I'd been saying Morris had potential to be great if he'd just focus on what he was really good at which was taking 3s, his excellent spot-up jumper form, and getting to the line rather than all the iso turnaround fadeaway nonsense. He basically went from doing a bad impression of Kobe last year to a great impression of Paul Pierce this year. Morris Sr. is playing like Truth Jr. and it's amazing.
Just Patreon a hood ass marvel 2 tournament circuit and circumvent esports entirely
Seems like you lost a lot of exp or skipped a lot of fights. Getting my last skill point lined up almost perfectly with beating NG+3. The only farming I had to do was a little at the end of NG for fulminated mercury, then just finishing off the last half a bar before fighting Isshin. Playing without Kuro's charm also increases the exp you gain, I only did it on the final run and just that was enough.
It does more than normal attacks, but it's also just really useful in the neutral because it masks the startup since you can do it from further away. You can even stuff a lot of bosses with it, or chase them when they retreat backwards. Especially good in the Great Shinobi fights.
I was talking to the people, not the Canadians
You're right, it's probably a bunch of meaningless coincidence. Occam's Razor totally applies to creative works that tell their stories through subtext, right? When has Fromsoft ever done that, if they're gonna tell you something about the world they just clearly state it in no obscure terms right there on screen.
We match up way better against the Blazers, especially with Nurkic out. Kyrie could have ended up having a totally different series not getting pressured as much on D and going toe-to-toe with Dame.
With shitty buttons for a d-pad lol. Also aren't the controls fucked up and non rebindable in some games? Like jump on Y and attack on B? How incompetent can you be.
Gotta scare em off, nip it in the bud before it gets bad
IX, VII, XII, the first 3/4 of VI, and Tactics
Sekiro demands more of the player than Souls does, but it also rewards proficiency better than Souls does because you are far more powerful when fully utilizing your toolset.
Daario Auditore
Jon's role was to assemble the armies of the living to stand against the dead as a leader everyone believed in, not to 1v1 the NK in some cliche Star Wars lightsaber battle. Which he would have lost by the way. Jon would have gotten destroyed even by the great mere mortals like Barristan Selmy. The Night King has been around for *8000 years.* You know how good at dueling you would be after 8 fucking millenniums? The only chance you ever have at victory against something like that is the element of surprise. Hell that's how Jon killed the other white walker, the guy was straight up stunned that the sword didn't shatter which allowed for just one moment for a counterattack. NK ain't fallin for that shit again. Likewise, he catches Arya and thinks he's won, taking a second to savor the victory and she gets that one single opening to pull a slick little move and bang. Would people have been less pissed if they actually took a moment to show Arya sneaking up and then making a mad dash out from the shadows before anyone else could reach her? And ruin the entire composition of the scene? I think a lot of people just don't like Arya even though this was clearly her territory. Jon is the leader, the commander. Arya is the killer, the wolf's fang. She's your delete button for a priority target, she's basically a fucking video game character and yet it's somehow less believable she kills the NK with a sneak attack to catch him off guard than some late-20s somewhat-above-average swordfighter edging him out in a duel with what, the power of love and friendship? Do you guys seriously believe Arya won't be the one to kill him in the books, like this hasn't been GRRM's plan for her from square one?
Imagine being a 50 year old woman and using the word incel, how do you do fellow woke kids lul
What kind of a pleb navigates menus with an analog stick in any game
Never do ichimonji from the ground, it's a million times better as a jumping attack. Not only can you easily chase Owl after he jumps away, but you can often even interrupt him when he's coming at you with it.
Is there anything gayer than only having female friends?
It means the softness is in his very blood
I mean it's the same basic principle. That's the process Numidium takes in-universe. Reshaping the fluid tapestry to its own whim and chaos ensuing as the world is forced to parse it.
It was definitely supposed to be a bit of a joke. The irony is that most of the people bitching about the game needing an easy mode will give up before they realize they're already playing it.
Pretty sure you don't even need to be blocking, you just have to stand still or slowly walk. Bosses follow the same rules. The reason people think you have to block is that blocking forces you to walk slowly even if the analog stick is held all the way in a direction. It actually looks way cooler if you're just casually circling the enemy, staring them down.
The real foreshadowing was "The Mad King gave others the justice he thought they deserved, and each time it made him feel powerful and right." Dany got a little too used to solving all her biggest problems with "dracarys."
Because Artorias was the most popular boss in DS1 and people were constantly clamoring that they wanted more bosses like him, so they do that in DS2 and then people were like "dUdEs iN aRmOr iT's aLL ThE sAmE"
In the misty forest part, just hug the left wall and take the first left. I just check on shards and apparently you have to beat Iron Keep before they become unlimited, all the more reason to start heading through Huntsman's. Bastille Blacksmith sells infinite large shards. Royal Soldier Greatsword trades raw damage for bleed IIRC, so bastard sword or claymore are a better choice than it since bleed kinda sucks.
Do people on this sub want Souls games to be easy or some shit
Pump the brakes on Death Stranding, MGSV had phenomenal gameplay but we're gonna have to see a lot more than what we have for DS before we start laying on the praise. Kojima is historically known for creating games with a much greater focus on cutscenes, often to the point of overindulgence. MGSV was playing against type.
Is this a bit
The chillest clubs with the hottest dudes
The fact that you seem to think VIII and X deserve more praise than IX and XII makes me extremely dubious of any other opinion or insight you try to offer here
STR+INT spellblade is the shit for PvE in NG. Once you get Dragonrider Bow you can just use that instead of soul arrows so you have more attunement slots for other stuff like soul spears, soulmasses, weapon buffs, or utility spells like repair and fall control. Use arrows for sniping/pulling standard enemies and save the spears for big boys, groups, or bosses. Soul spears can be farmed by using an ascetic at the second bonfire in Huntsman's Copse to respawn it in the house you drop into the roof of. Also get Blue Smelter Sword from the DLC for possibly the coolest weapon in the entire series. For early game you can start with fire longsword, then magic mace, then once you get a faintstone you can just infuse whatever weapon you want with magic, ideally something bigger that hits harder. I recommend only focusing INT for NG simply because it's easier to level up to its functional softcap of 40 without having to neglect your other attributes. By the time I get to NG+ I have enough levels to start transitioning to dark. Dark is meant for a powerful soul, it really goes well with the themes of the game. The stronger you get, the more dark your soul becomes. So eventually you can end up with 40 int, 30 fai and be able to fluidly switch between sorcery and dark depending on what the enemies are weak to. You'll want a Magic Staff of Amana +10 and a Dark Sunset Staff +5. You will also be able to use all elemental infusion types pretty effectively so you can have a dark, magic, fire, and even lightning weapon. Oh and remember to get ADP to 20 as soon as you can, it will drastically improve your roll which is the most important move in the game lol
Some dude is trying to organize a straight pride parade, which I'm pretty sure is the only way to somehow be even gayer than a gay pride parade
Also she's not hot enough to play Jean, not saying Sophie's ugly or anything but Jean is supposed to be a fuckin dimepiece. Like if you just really want to cast a natural redhead for the role at least give it to Karen Gillan yo. Maybe there's some weird contractual red tape from her already being involved with MCU? Not sure how that works.
Yo fuck that fish, bum ass fish can suck a dick come at me fish WHAT what are you gonna do fish that's right that's what I fuckin thought keep walkin oh wait you can't even walk cuz you're a fuckin fish, wack ass lil bitch
Give or take a few crushed bones
Stop playing like a Bloodborne character and start playing like a ninja
First Knight carries the FGC
The whole point of her entire arc though was how she would deal with the fact that everything she believed about herself and her divine right of rulership wasn't true. It should have been an amazing moment of development where she has to come to terms with this, and the idea was that she had built the strength of character to accept it because she ultimately had a good heart. But uh nope guess not, bitches be crazy, dracarys, dracarys, burn them all apparently. Blame that one on GRRM and needing to make everything end badly I guess, I don't think D&amp;D made that decision, they just wrote the adaptation of it very poorly.
Nah jizo doesn't work in this instance, it can only be used when one of your other two nodes isn't full. If both are full and you've only lost the idol one you can only use the droplet, so those are the situations you should save them for. It's also why it can be a good idea to intentionally die before reaching the last phase of a boss, so you can use jizos instead and save the droplets.
Shh just let the placebo effect work for him
This sub is filled with people who would make even worse writers than D&amp;D lmao
&gt;Japan &gt;chill bruh do you WANT a mecha-shogunate or something?
[Yeah, because the US have basically been their watchdog since then](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Treaty_of_Mutual_Cooperation_and_Security_Between_the_United_States_and_Japan)
There's like 50mg of LSD infused in that thing, he just gives it a lick whenever he's about to slay a god
Implying that his involvement in any of these is more than a 1-week trip to each studio for a couple meetings and then the occasional video conference and 90% of his free time isn't just spent smoking blunts rolled out of $100 bills at his pad while not writing the book
This technique exists, it's known as being a twitch thot
You've gotta accept that it's a very different game and way more anime inspired, but just trust in Takahashi. The dude always delivers. But where XB1 was very Western-inspired with the Japanese influences being more subtle and underlying, and as such worked really well in English, 2 just goes full anime. Like, a fuckin triple shot of anime up in this bitch. Gotta play it in Japanese and just embrace it. The high points of the story are just as great as XB1, and the game has the best villain/anti-hero in any of the Xeno games. It's different but it's still beautiful.
Welcome to Flying Swallow Gaiden
Oh hey cool, another post where I get the chance to shill the everloving fuck out of Xenoblade. One of the best RPGs of all time, and a soundtrack to match. [I took the liberty of making a short playlist of a few of my favorite songs from it,](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLz6F5FwcPeucuNLmphnAN3QGre2uuAJ--) tried to include battle tracks as well as more relaxed ambient ones. There's so many more and it's such a great variety, perfect to both explore and fight to. I intentionally left out Engage the Enemy because that song deserves to be heard for the first time when the game plays it for the first time; it elevates that moment to something truly unforgettable. PC is currently the best way to play the game anyway, the environments look amazing in HD on Dolphin and even though it's a Wii exclusive it was designed to be played with a classic controller so any xbox or ps style controller will work perfectly for it.
Have you played the middle era of Tomb Raider games? After Crystal Dynamics took over, but before they rebooted it? That's my favorite version of Lara and I think they struck a great balance of puzzles, modern Prince of Persia style climbing/platforming, and arcadey shooting that's fun enough but still very much feels like a secondary focus. There are 3 of them, Anniversary is just a remake of the original game and is okay, but Legend and Underworld have a lot more going for them IMO.
Meme shirts are never okay unless you're like Eric Andre wearing it on a morning news show interview or some shit just because you intentionally want to look as retarded as possible for the sake of a bit
It works in those too, charge beam essentially gives you a single hit of screw attack each time you charge it
*brandishes pool noodle menacingly*
This is 2019, we dab while we railing slide out of frame now
Eh, I was still on board with the thematic message behind it. You unite people from so many different walks of life to stand together fighting the literal army of Death, defeat it in a battle of legend, and yet there still has to be so much more pointless fighting and death after it because of one spiteful bitch waiting at the end. It's a powerful statement about humanity, and the true face of the Lord of Light. They just totally botched the writing and execution of it, it could have been great.
Think of the game journalists though
I guess since beating your wife doesn't have the potential to swing Vegas odds it's not really considered a top priority
Drug testing for a fuckin 16 year old, this is nuts. What possible job could you even apply for at that age where drug testing would prevent an issue? "Gotta make sure that kid puttin groceries in bags isn't on the reefer, someone could die!"
Well they're half right, Raps fan trash talk has always been the weakest of weak shit
You're talkin to one bro, I feel like it's gotta just be the sperglords who can't get hyped for this new stuff that lets the game break all the limits nascent PSX technology originally imposed on it. It was possibly the single most deserving game of a remake of all time and Squenix is just firing on all cylinders to fully realize every aspect of the original vision.
It's literally a baby chocobo and a cactuar bro lol
Aeris sounds better phonetically and actually has more powerful resonance with her role in the story as the heiress to the will of the Cetra and how it ties in with the game's primary theme of Legacy, but it's kinda dumb to expect Japanese guys to be experts on English linguistics I guess
There are def gonna be some Tifa/Jessie convos that make hardcore feminists have a seizure mark my words
Imagine getting this pissed off over checking a box
Most of the time Cap looks more like an NFL quarterback with slightly bigger muscles, he doesn't really have that same tanky/stocky frame, a huge part of his combat style is based around acrobatics and agility
Seems similar to Xenoblade's break/topple mechanics.
Yeah, are people really acting like FFVII was some pinnacle of strategy? It's one of the easiest games in the series. If anything you're going to have to rely on *more* tactics with this real time combat.
The core element of ATB is a character's speed determining the order of turns rather than a traditional turn-based system where combat happens in rounds with each character getting one turn per round based on an initiative roll, such as in Dragon Quest or Pokemon or D&amp;D-based RPGs or what have you. In FFX this happens in the exact same way mechanically as all the other ATB games, you just get a roadmap of exactly the order each bar is filling up. Also the other ATB games all default to wait mode, if you want to take a breather and assess the situation or plan out your strategy you can absolutely do that, you just open a menu and time freezes.
Baynes is over the hill and a liability on offense. He literally bobbles and turns it over on like 40-50% of the plays he's involved in, I wish I was exaggerating. His only real use is just being a roadblock on defense. Not even that great of a rebounder. Also he's injury prone. The fact that he's our #1 option for a true 5 is a huge part of why the Celtics struggled so hard this season, we really need someone younger and better able to catch bounce passes off cuts, complete lobs, and grab boards. I'm not angry we're keeping him around because he's a great guy with a great attitude and still useful in certain defensive matchups, I just don't think he should be playing more than like 10-12 minutes a game and we really need to shore up that lack of talent at center this offseason.
Eh, they sometimes buy into hype shilling tactics too much, most notably Huber and Ben. Their streams are great and often hilarious and they're definitely genuine about their passion and love for games, but they can often be blinded by it in a way that doesn't really maintain objectivity when talking about their favorite franchises so you can't always tell whether a game will actually be quality or not.
Kotor, Jedi Knight, and Rogue Squadron are the best ones IMO
WILL WALES EVER BE ABLE TO RECOVER FROM THIS SUICIDE HOTLINE INDUCING BANTER???
Once you get chocobos it opens up more. You have to think of it as a sort of dual-stage travel. You cruise in the car to get to the general location you want to go while listening to music, then you range around that general area on chocoback and go on foot once you get to your destination or for combat. As for combat, the first thing I recommend is using B-type controls, it controls more like a real action game with attack on square and block/dodge on L1 and feels more engaging to play. It does get more fun as you unlock more skills. For early on, use warp strikes to mix things up and zip around the battlefield from enemy to enemy. Don't just mindlessly hold square on one enemy, assess the battlefield and see what enemies and your buds are doing and take action accordingly. Try and circle behind to trigger link strikes. Ignis' Overwhelm skill is insanely good, not only does it look cool but it does a ton of damage and makes the entire party invincible for almost its entire duration. You can strategically use it to avoid powerful enemy attacks. Prioritize getting the airstep skills as soon as you can. The aerial battles are the best part of FFXV. There's one boss you can fight almost entirely in the air and it's legit one of the coolest looking fights in any video game ever. In general, just don't rush this game. Try and mix things up, take breaks from the main quest, appreciate all the little details like all the different camping/hotel scenes. Get good at fishing. Just take in the atmosphere. Remember that this is Noctis' last hurrah, his final time of bittersweet freedom before he goes to meet his future and fulfill his destiny as King. Give him a journey to remember.
Dead af
Hybrid sorcerer is extremely good in DS2. I start as explorer, get minimum stats for the fire longsword, then focus int and att for a while until I can use great heavy soul arrow. Right there you already have a really versatile build with solid melee and projectiles for annoying enemies/groups. After that get ADP to 20 for rolls and show some love to vig/end/vit, increase str/dex to minimum reqs for the Dragonrider Bow which effectively gives you unlimited soul arrows to snipe with, then sink int hard all the way to 40 for soul spears. On the way you can start to infuse a better weapon like a claymore or something with magic, or try out the magic mace from Huntsman's Copse. Eventually you will want to get str to 40 as well for lategame so you can experience the glory of Blue Smelter Sword. Ultra-class weapons in general are pretty busted in this game with their forced knockdown moves, greathammers like the Large Club are really good as well, and the Zweihander is a less stat-intensive ultra greatsword if you want to use one midgame.
Nah man, sorcery is still good. It's not completely braindead OP like it was in DS1 where you could beat the game in your sleep as a pure mage, which is why you go spellblade and split disciplines. But trying to play DS2 as pure melee is a recipe for pain, there are multiple sections of the game deliberately designed to punish players with one-dimensional melee builds. This game is all about versatility. You want, melee, ranged, and spells to enhance it. You gain levels faster so you have more stats to spread around. You can get to around lvl 180 by the end of NG, maybe even 200 if you're doing a lot of co-op. You will have a much easier time with str+int than just trying to go str, *especially* early on before you have good armor or the more powerful str weapons. In fact since the fire longsword is the best weapon you have access to for a while, you get a double benefit from having sorcery since int also increases the damage of fire weapons in this game. But overall it's more about being well-rounded than just minmaxing a couple stats, there are advantages to raising almost every stat to at least 20 and you will have the levels to be able to do it. Eventually dark becomes the strongest magic type, but it requires investment jn both int and fth so I typically save that for when I get to NG+ and my character is already well developed.
Also high str is at its most useful later on. As you get into lategame and the DLC areas, a lot of enemies get beefy and extremely resistant to stagger. This is where the forced knockdown moves of ultra-class weapons comes into play. You can basically just chain knockdowns on these enemies to kill them. Earlier on though enemies tend to have less poise and even a medium weapon can stagger and interrupt them with its 2HR2 combo.
Space is a void rather than an abyss, it's a subtle distinction. I sometimes do just marvel at the vastness of it though. Like no matter how big you get, how much you zoom out, space is bigger. It envelops clusters of galaxies, *filaments* of galaxies. No matter what the scale is, space encapsulates its totality. We don't know if it ever even ends. It's mind-bending, but not sinister in the same way the ocean is though.
I would like Ivory the best if you could summon after Aava for the new areas. I play solo most of the time but when I do co-op playthroughs with friends it's always a bummer when you can't summon for that section, or have to try and constantly run back and forth dropping shade signs every 5 minutes.
High caller was an inside job
Ehhhh I'm just a regular guy who built a robot suit ehhhhhh
Basch never should have been the main character, that's just some casual journalist's take on it from like some super early proto-concept of the story and it's been massively overblown by people tryna sound like they know what's up. In truth Basch is barely more relevant to the plot than Vaan is, his secondary arc is very self-contained around resolving his past with Gabranth, and there honestly isn't much more to him. He's a knight with little agency of his own. Ashe is the real main character of the game and Balthier is the male lead, they're the ones who actually advance the plot forward and change things in the world. But yeah, gambits should have been a standard for every single RPG that followed FFXII, and Bioware even tried to help it catch on including them in Dragon Age 1, but I guess developers considered the average player too stupid to utilize them and went back to generic preset AI scripts. And honestly they might be right considering how many people you see complaining about gambits whenever the game gets brought up. It fuckin sucks man.
He dun't 'ave feelings about et, he nevah 'as
Next year is gonna be huge, depending on how Hayward does Tatum might get to be the #1 guy for 100% of his minutes. We're just gonna have to see if he can really take over games rather than disappearing into the corner getting 0 touches for 4-5 minutes at a time in the second half.
Cid is textbook chaotic evil, he may have originally set on his journey in pursuit of knowledge but by the time of the game he is only concerned with how big an explosion he can make. He basically nuked Nabudis and put the blood on Reddas's hands, not even telling him what using the nethicite would really do. And he's PROUD of it, he treats death tolls from his creations like a high score. Meanwhile Vayne is neutral evil af. He hides behind the guise of "necessity," but all he really cares about is becoming the next Dynast King. He murdered his brothers, the Senate, and eventually his own father to consolidate his power. Classic sociopath. And then you have Venat, who sees the differing thirsts for power in these two men and exploits it. Venat who cares absolutely nothing for mortal life, only about revenge against the Occurian Council. The Occuria are fighting a proxy war with each other, the Council's lawful neutral vs. Venat's chaotic neutral, where they have each chosen a candidate to grant the power of nethicite to so that they can nuke the other side into submission and take control of Ivalice. Venat pretends like it's freeing humanity but all it's really doing is picking a different despot to rule them. And it's my own personal theory that the entire reason it's the enemy of the other Occuria is that it's allied with the other "heretics," Ultima and the Lucavi. The entire plot of FFXII very well could have just been a scheme to cause the espers to be unbound from their prisons and eventually go on to found the Church of Glabados centuries later. tl;dr: No, nobody who isn't friends with Ashe is a good guy in this game.
People acting like Kyrie was the only source of bad on-court chemistry and that him being gone somehow fixes everything. Like Mook and Rozier weren't a huge source of the problem for huge chunks of the year. We gotta find supporting players that are a better fit.
$60 for a game that seems like it's just riffing on JRPG trends from like 1996 seems insanely overpriced. I don't think I'd pay more than $15 for this game.
Vantage + forged brave tome + armsthrift + whatever proc skills you feel like = literally infinitely solo enemies without them even being able to touch you.
I'm sure there are plenty of body and face mods out there to alter the scope of appearances you can design, that's one of the biggest advantages Bethesda games have, how easily moddable they are
Exactly, the Raps had very little to lose and could go all in on a desperate gambit. They got swept by LeBron two years in a row and obviously needed to majorly shake things up and go for broke. Celtics were already waiting on Kyrie and Hayward to come back next season after taking LeBron to game 7 without them. Everyone thought they were gonna run over the East the next year. You don't make a risky move that could turn out to be a dud in that position, before you've even got to see the roster you assembled at full strength. The Celtics simply weren't in a position to reasonably trade for Kawhi, Hayward was a ball and chain around Boston's ankle.
Jon wasn't on a crusade, everything he did was reactionary. You can't really compare them. The idea that Dany inevitably ends up solving all her problems by burning them is definitely something that could be built off to the point where eventually the right is no longer on her side and she loses perspective like the danger Barristan foreshadowed when talking about the Mad King, it was just done in the most abrupt and hamfisted way possible on the show to squeeze the ending in.
See what happened is that when Dany denied the heritage and birthright of her brother's heir, it activated the symbolism-powered magnets inside Rhaegal's neck, causing all the iron ballista bolts to naturally redirect into it. Since Drogon is not related to Rhaegar or Jon thematically he was never in any danger at all and could just W+M1 the entire fleet and city with complete impunity.
The most obvious answer is the Nazgul. Even if the eagles might be able to stalemate them in a midair battle, they sure as shit couldn't do it while keeping a hobbit alive on their back.
It seems like a lot of this doesn't really depend on technology, but both localization quality as well as how Western the starting tone of the game is. For instance, FFXII had an amazing localization and cutscenes way back in like 2006 and arguably felt more natural than parts of FFXV, but the game also felt like it could have originally been written in English with how Western the Ivalice setting is. Another example is Xenoblade. XB1 works amazingly in English because of how Western its tone and characters feel. Meanwhile XB2 feels fake as hell in English because it is *exceedingly* anime and works way better in Japanese. Ultimately I think the fundamental design of a story and characters has the greatest effect on how well it's able to be localized. FFVII always had a lot of Western influences, thus I think it's no surprise the game will work well in English.
Alduin? Nah. Akatosh, on the other hand...
See you aflat
My idea for this has been DMC-style directional inputs. Forward, back, neutral, and side. Would actually work better than it does in DMC since the camera is always behind you while locked on so you wouldn't accidentally get a side while you were trying to do forward, or whatever.
Looks like somebody needs to get the Shura ending
Terry showed what he can do all regular season long, chuck 3s and blow leads in the second quarter. Then he hits a couple buzzer beaters here and there to try and make you forget.
I would create a new burner every day for the next 5 years and just paste it into a tweet over and over
If you don't have a rocket launcher and a samurai sword crossed on your back you might as well not even show up at all
Why ask for a raise when you can just go home and complain to your husband about how your boss didn't give you a raise without you having to ask for one?
Schrodinger's sexual assault
Give abc news 24 hours with it, they'll fix it right up
Xenoblade Chronicles is an action RPG so the combat plays more like an MMO but there's still a lot of depth and technicality to it with ability status combos, different skill setups, and character synergy. It's very engaging and satisfying. And the plot is fuckin fire, truly one of the all-time greats. All set in a large amount of beautiful and expansive areas to explore too. Dolphin Emulator is the best way to play it to really do the amazing world design justice upscaled to HD so if you're a PC gamer you should be set, configure it for a classic controller as it wasn't designed around a Wiimote, no motion controls to worry about. If you want something that's pure character action gameplay though then Metal Gear Rising is probably your best bet. If you haven't played MGS2 and 4 the plot won't have quite as much resonance but it's still great as a standalone game. It's meant to be more bombastic than even the wild plots of the main series games and kind of tongue-in-cheek at times, but there's still a lot of really cool political and techno-philosophical statements made in it.
NG+ is where it's at in DS2, in my opinion the game is at its most fun when you start getting to high levels where you can make powerful spellblade builds and start using the advanced weapons and magic with high stat reqs. People who just played through the whole game with a rapier and some basic armor and stopped after beating NG really have no idea how much they're missing. Also DS2 actually adds a lot of new stuff in NG+ like new black phantom enemies throughout levels and some bosses gaining minions. Even a couple new obtainable weapons, spells, and items. But kicking your scrub first character to the curb is also a rite of passage in Souls games. Playing through the game again you'll find yourself making much better decisions, acquiring more resources, and getting things done in a lot less time and attempts. It's not as necessary in DS2 as it was in DS1 since you can respec, but if you want a fresh start I recommend committing to this new character and taking them up to at least NG+2, you will need to do that at some point for all the achievements anyway.
inb4 Danny flips him for assets on July 2nd BibleThump
Danny needs to sign a 14 year old girl to a 10-day during the first Cs/Nets home game and just have her wear a #11 jersey on the bench all game.
Yeah honestly the closest overlap between Zelda and CV is like Zelda 2 and Simon's Quest, SotN has almost nothing in common with Zelda games.
Okay now what about the commercial saying he wanted his fuckin number retired in Boston lmao
Dude's on a thumbprint level power trip
What are you doing a fuckin book report on them what is this research I'm seeing here lmao
Would that even protect them in a contained tank like that lol
Uh is English not your first language or something haha
She tried to load the savestate but accidentally let go of shift right before she hit F1
I think it's just a cool localization pun, I was high the first time I got the convo and essentially heard it both ways at the same in my head if that makes sense.
Well that's not fair, with Prince it's always good
THE PRECIOUS WE WANTS IT WE WANTS IT PRECIOUS YES
He's definitely a closer and that is something we lack now with Kyrie and Horford gone. I just don't think he's ever dipping on Charlotte. The city loves him, MJ loves him, and he loves them right back. That man is loyal to the end, hell he's more loyal to Charlotte than the Hornets franchise is lol
Buying a 2D game on a console that expects you to use 4 buttons as a d-pad is never a great idea tbh
Nioh actually has more in common with Souls than Sekiro does. Sekiro ends up playing more like a combo of Assassin's Creed and Ninja Gaiden. However Sekiro has the single continuous world while Nioh is level-based. However the levels in Nioh are still very reminiscent of Souls design with secrets and shortcuts all over the place, and are probably a little more complex than Sekiro overall the design of which is mostly just focused on grappling around and stealth routes without a ton of actual hidden secrets or shortcuts. In terms of actual combat, Sekiro places a much greater focus on mobility with jumping, sprinting, and grappling. No stamina. Its deflection system allows for incredibly cinematic sword battles, however the actual variety of what you're capable of is a little more simplistic, even when factoring in prosthetic tools. The difficulty comes from the timing and flow of these simple concepts creating a larger sum. Nioh is more focused on technical aspects over mobility, and is basically a fusion of Souls and Onimusha. Weapons have more special moves to unlock and a huge part of the game is the element of stance changes and cancels. Canceling an attack or switching stances refunds expended stamina, and each stance has different attacks and special moves. The stamina system also works somewhat similarly to Sekiro's posture system in that you can break enemies for executions, and it does have counters and deflections as well though they are not as integral a part of the game, dodging is much more viable in Nioh. Overall Nioh is best when viewed as a samurai game, Sekiro is best when viewed as a ninja game. Judge them on that, don't just be a Souls fanboy because both games expand well beyond the simplistic combat mechanics of Dark Souls where the movesets are all very slow and everything is solved with a press of the circle button.
Fuckin bullshit RNG cat with the random 9 hammer right out the gate
Entertainment media conglomerates have psychologically castrated an entire demographic of young men
You basically leave your next bomb on the way up right after the first one detonates so it's just above the last one and you falp back into it. You can also leave another at the apex too sometimes to go faster but the "slow climb" is the most reliable method. You don't really need huge bomb jumps for anything other than sequence breaks, I wouldn't worry about it too much. And worst case scenario you can always just mash the button and eventually get lucky.
IA's second phase is harder than any individual phase of SS, but the cumulative effect of 3 lifebars makes SS the harder boss overall.
Okay this is stretching, not taking off your headphones to make pointless elevator small talk with somebody means you're not a team player? Come on, there's plenty of other legitimate stuff to criticize Kyrie for.
Am I allowed to feed the two I pick to Batman in order to win his allegiance?
The loadout system pretty much nullifies this if you ask me. I just have one "utility" loadout with all those type of shards on it and then my different combat setups on the others. And you can switch them so fast, if people aren't taking advantage of the system to be able to do creative spell combos they're missing out on a lot of fun. Personally I thought Ecclesia was a huge improvement over the Sorrow games because it brought more focus into the system, cutting down on all the useless filler shards you'd get from enemies and making almost every glyph valuable, while also eliminating the need to grind duplicates to power them up. Bloodstained feels like a bit of a regression in that sense.
Yeah it becomes pretty much unplayable on PC near the end without the hack if you have to draw the more complex sigils with the mouse. Personally I like Julius Mode more anyway though where it's removed by default.
Hornets fans are welcome in the Gahden any time bro
I think I had like 3 in it for most of the game. Also it should be blocking damage entirely, you only take damage when it breaks or you hit hit from behind.
Who do you guys think the particular bitch in question Britney was originally addressing was
Well he is getting old and can get exploited on defense. But Horford's getting old too so who knows what they were thinking
I think we really need to start giving Rob Williams more reps when he gets healthy. He is gonna be crucial defensively in our toughest matchups. Theis is good against average players but gets absolutely destroyed by elite ones. Timelord has more natural talent and athleticism, and has shown he's actually even a pretty decent playmaker with some good passing skills hitting cutters. He just needs to work on his rotation and not get lost on switches, and that comes with practice and experience. He is probably the one real answer we have to AD. This will only become truer in the coming years.
The adult section of the book takes place in the 80s during a time when random violence against gays was way more common and believable especially in rural areas, and is meant to highlight the idea that the people of Derry themselves are influenced by It and are an instrument of Its desires and in some cases even an accessory to Its actions. This is a huge theme of the story that is almost completely glossed over by the movie, they really fucked up a lot of things. The Richie being gay thing was totally out of left field though and a little weird, although at least it doesn't directly conflict with his character like some of the other changes they made.
There's a wall in Brume Tower in that big room with all the barrels and gates you can raise, lead one of the barrel-carrying hollows toward it and blow him up with a fire arrow and you'll find a chest with 8 dragon bones
It basically just means precursor, progenitor. But carries the additional connotation that their very existence was simply to pave the way for each Triune, i.e. they existed in "anticipation" of the Tribunal's coming. Another way of viewing it is that the good daedra unknowingly created a roadmap from the qualities they themselves lacked that allowed ALMSIVI to achieve completeness or actualized divine identity. They not only embody the traits of each daedra, but also the traits antithetical to them. For example Almalexia takes Boethiah's pragmatic cruelty and blends it with mercy. Vivec takes Mephala's secrets and murderous intent and channels them into art and poetry. Sotha Sil takes the prophecy and mystery Azura presides over and sends it through a scientific empirical lens to clarify it. So in the Temple's rhetoric, the Daedric Lords are the template from which to achieve the second divinity. Emulating them brings you power, yet because you were once mortal yourself you can understand your followers in a way no daedra could ever hope to. So this empathy adds another dimension and lets you complete that yin/yang dichotomy and form the gestalt.
Warframe is probably the only game that's gonna fit your timetable although from my experience you generally just go on like a 500 hour bender where it's all you play and then do eventually get bored of it. It's not P2W because it's pretty easy to trade mods and drops for the premium currency so you don't have to spend any money at all on it. Can't hurt to check it out, it's free.
Travel back in time to 2015
FFV, FFIX, and Xenoblade 1
Hmu when Draymond averages 15 rebounds per game
Ancient Eastern European tradition, when father die you take femur of father as weapon. Now you are man. Use femur of father to club woman, make wife. Some day, your femur let your son make his wife. Is circle of life, is beautiful.
I just left out the last names for convenience's sake
Nothing says empowerment like losing a leg to an IED
GBeast is definitely gonna need someone else to take over. Things were rough back when it was just Vinny and Alex and Austin is what made it all work and put them on the level of quality of the West Coast guys. Then Dan moving there helped save that when Austin left and turn it into something different but still awesome. Abby is kinda hit or miss and while she brings some fun stuff, doesn't really know enough about games on the whole to be in that same kind of role Austin and Dan were in, she's still more of a producer/tech person. Those are two guys who are very hard to replace.
Some of em still keep it classic. Denver and Houston off the top of my head, I know there's more.
It's almost like putting full control of the economy in the hands of the state naturally lends itself to an autocracy forming or something
I think either parent should be able to pull the ripcord here. Although it is pretty messed up to force a woman to get an abortion against her will, so if the dad doesn't want the child he should have some means to legally declare that and absolve himself from financial responsibility if the mother is insistent on having the baby. You should only be financially responsible for a child you actually agree to have. Also on that subject if you increased the accessibility of abortions to maximum level with state funding you could then summarily cut financial aid incentives for having children, meaning you massively reduce the number of welfare babies from poor trashy thots who are just crankin out babies to collect a benefits check. In addition to likely reducing state expenditures overall this also leads to less of a baby boom in low-income areas and curbs the overpopulation problem in the low end of society, which... um... likely solves a lot of... other problems indirectly too...
Possession doesn't change on a tech, the Cs would still get the ball. Would have been virtually impossible for Atlanta to score off 0.3 if we just threw it into the backcourt.
Hey but if we're gonna have one of those nights where not even our layups and freethrows can go down there's no one I'd rather be playing than Chokelanta
The live action adaptation of the Netflix animated adaptation, yep that'll happen, great post, sure love seeing these casting posts on every video game sub
How many times have you sucked dick this week? Once? Twice? Or a number so large it cannot be counted?
This is literally what people think Americans are like
We have like 1 or 2 dudes who can actually get open, and because of that those dudes can't get open because teams can just double or triple cover them, especially in the red zone when you can't space downfield.
Last year I think he really convinced himself he was gonna sneak in to the 8 seed like it was a fuckin Disney movie
Morrowind literally started me on a decade-long Elder Scrolls lore bender, nothing else compares
Would definitely like to see him handling the ball over Wanamaker when he's in with the second unit, he takes care of it really well and has amazing vision
I use them for discovery rather than escape. To experience states of consciousness other than sobriety. Not to hide from reality, but to see more sides of it, and of my own mind.
I think whether Brady stays hinges on the other moves the Pats make, if we can actually get good receivers that can fuckin get open and be on the same page as him. I wouldn't wanna struggle through another year of Edelman and White doubled on every play and every other receiver fuckin jogging his route and absolutely tank my passer rating while also taking hits at 43 either.
Jester players are wack, kill him next time
She's basically getting married to her social media accounts lul
Sounds like you're on type B controls already which is good. Try to engage with the mechanics more. Zip around from enemy to enemy with warp strikes and recover your MP with perfect dodges. Get link strikes by circling around enemies. Use Ignis's overwhelm ability because it looks badass and can actually be tactically applied during big enemy attacks for its iframes. Upgrade airstep ASAP, fighting flying enemies with warp strikes and infinite airstep is so goddamn fun. Just wait until you have a literal goddamn DBZ battle with Aranea. Then in the lategame and postgame once you get the Ring, you can do some cool stuff swapping between sword and ring for melee and ranged and using the auto-holy dodge counter. Combine that with all the other cinematic stuff and partner switching and there's definitely a lot to engage with in FFXV. Still not exceedingly difficult or anything especially if you abuse items, but the point is that it's fun and feels cool. There's also Armiger Unleashed mode but I never really got too into that because it felt too stiff with wonky cancelability windows for the combos.
That part is covered under being Tim Allen
Persona Q and FFTA
Coils of Light is the true theme for sure, I don't think either of the menu themes are that good. The original Engrish one is the better of the two but it's still super corny.
Only in Bal's c0da
Even though it's Fromsoft it doesn't have a ton in common with Souls games, it's more like Assassin's Creed meets Ninja Gaiden. Amazing gameplay but you have to be dedicated to learning how to fight like a ninja. It takes a lot of skill, but also rewards the development of the same skill and is highly replayable just because the act of playing the game itself is fun as you continue to get better and better.
It's also a brilliant subversion of expectations. You are conditioned to believe the Black Mages are an army of soulless puppets and figure this will be another dungeon similar to the factory under Dali, only to discover that Vivi is far from an anomaly but rather just one example of a cognitive and spiritual eventuality. I was completely taken off guard and the dawning realization of what it meant as I walked around and took it all in eventually meeting the GOAT NPC Mr. 288 is an experience I'll never forget. It directly enforces the game's main theme of Life as well as its secondary theme of Home. It doesn't matter where you come from or how long you are here for, simply that you are here at all, and you can experience Life and discover what you want from it, what living means to you. It's something all around you, older and larger than any one person, and all you have to do is join in, and when you find where you fit into it that place is your home. That's what they built in those woods.
I dislike the Greatsword because its 2HR1s are super awkward and can't hit multiple enemies. Other UGS like the Zweihander have a different moveset with horizontal 2HR1s and a thrusting 2HR2 with knockdown. The speed really isn't an issue, you just have to learn the timing. What you need to care about and the whole reason ultras are so good is stagger/knockdown potential, which is massively amplified when using weapons two-handed, and by the end of the game enemy poise tends to be so high that even 1H ultra attacks don't stagger them.
I never experienced this. FFVI is already a super easy game, I don't see why people are acting like you have to minmax with magic. I just give buff spells to my physical characters and they are beastly. Genji glove + offering on Locke/Shadow, gauntlet + offering on Cyan, Dragoon Boots + Dragon Horn on Edgar. Save the magic casting for characters with actual high magic. It also means characters like Terra and Celes get to be optimal in casting nothing but black or white magic every turn since others are taking care of the buff spells. I barely even bother teaching anyone else Ultima, you don't even need to.
Always. You never know when you're gonna get locked out of content in some of these games, or even worse stuck in an unwinnable situation, it's always good to be able to roll back. In fact a lot of people will just cycle through ALL the available save slots to make their saves so you have as many rollback points as possible. Personally I usually keep around 3 or 4 and save to a new one when I hit a new phase of the story.
Not exactly the same but Radiant Historia is based around this concept of finding the one timeline that works amidst an infinity of failed ones. Really underappreciated game.
That fucker ended my only attempt at a no death run with his spin2win bs. You just have to try to stunlock him to death but he has really high poise so it's a crapshoot. Maybe you can get some backstab cheese going. Or nuke him with soul spears and then finish with ultra weapon knockdown spam. I'm not sure if there's any knockdown attack that 100% gets him though. Maybe KUGS with the stone ring? Idk man that guy sucks. But honestly use a weapon you're comfortable with, when this happened to me I'd just first started using the Crypt Blacksword instead of Blue Smelter Sword and even that slight difference in moveset and familiarity was enough to get me killed. Killed him with BSS the next try.
When I say 🤡, yall say 🌎 🤡!
I avoided doing this with Trails in the Sky by just reading a LP up to the part where I had been. Only took an evening to do and this definitely would have happened if I had tried to play the whole first two chapters over.
Even 2D screens look 3D when I'm tripping. I remember my first mushroom trip in high school we found the Incubus Live at Red Rocks DVD at my house and they had this feature where you could hit a button on the remote in certain songs and it would go into this crazy psychedelic visualizer animations and it just looked like a portal into the ninth dimension in the middle of my living room.
Brad about to declare Deuce as his running mate
Lakers fuccboi squad on the edge of their seats ready to link the Globe article
Believe it or not there's a little bit of wiggle room between being a Trump supporter and being some Disney-brainwashed reddit NPC
Dragon Quest VIII and Dragon Quest XI on hard mode. I would say FFV and FFXII too probably.
On every playthrough after the first one, Sekiro discovers a charm Kuro had hidden in his belongings that's supposed to bring him protection. So you have the option to give it back and play the game without its protection or keep it. If you don't have the charm, you take chip damage from every attack you block instead of deflect. The player had the easy mode item the whole time and didn't even know it.
He's doing an average DS2 arena scrub RP playthrough
Congratulations, your yarmulke is in the mail
And yet she still somehow has more game than I did in high school...
This is like an amazing study in how the human brain parses and compiles visual information
No, the entire world is their porcelain jew
Even better with human sentinel because you don't even need to chase the projectile
This is why I love playing DQXI on hard mode, because that smiling cucumber is now ready to FUCK YOU UP at a moment's notice. There is such a brilliant juxtaposition of emotion between seeing these goofy-ass enemies with their comedic moves and pun names staring you down with their creepy smiles but also desperately fighting for your goddamn life on the brink of annihilation by their hand.
"Another Soulsboi exposed" -Isshin the Based Kensei
The point of the battle is to show him you're a better ninja than him. Currently it doesn't sound like that's true for you. Have you killed all the minibosses? Get all the prayer beads you can. He does a lot of posture damage which can be scary but he also has like no super armor so you can stuff a lot of his attacks if you stay aggressive, which makes deflecting easier too. Watch some videos of people crushing him if you need to, he's not really so tough in the end.
Just stay on him and fuck him up with the mortal blade before he can get his shit started, it hits him out of everything
Mist raven bro
Letterman is the worst talk show host, corny unfunny boomer
It's only difficult to give up weed while you still have weed. Just finish what you have and don't buy more. The first night without it you will crave it but after that the compulsion fades very quickly. My strategy has always been to get drunk the first night I don't have weed and that sort of transitions me out of it.
His current name is Kleiner. His last name was Scientist 1
Not really, the Chimer were still decently developed, though nowhere near what they would become. It's more just that the primitive Ashlanders were the only ones who didn't welcome the Triunes and stayed loyal to Azura.
I can think of some scenarios between close friends where the person getting dosed is an absolute legend experienced with the drug, has absolutely nothing planned and you know it'll be awesome, but doing it to a stranger, especially in a public setting, is one of the most fucked up things you can do. It's basically mental rape.
Do yourself a favor and get a strike damage weapon. Craftsman's hammer is popular but you'll want to save the twinkling for your BKGS. I recommend you go ULTRA, ultra weaps are awkward to use at first because you can still influence the direction they swing while locked on with the left stick, but once you get used to it they are beastly. Large club is ugly but a good starter ultra. Zweihander is good too with a fantastic 2H moveset but slash damage is generally a lot weaker than strike against tough enemies, so it's better to use it infused on a hybrid build. Later on you can get the Gyrm Greathammer, Drakekeeper's Greathammer, and eventually the King's Ultra Greatsword.
Reminder that Black mothafuckin Panther was nominated for best picture and people loved it. The movie whose plot basically boiled down to a bunch of Africans saying YEW AHH DEH KEENG in between car chases and fight scenes. Only good part of that movie was Michael B Jordan's performance and the dude didn't even get a best supporting actor nod, probably because his character wasn't gay or something. The Oscars are a joke, literally has nothing to do with movie quality it's just about Hollywood being able to make social statements and pat themselves on the back. I haven't even seen Joker but if it wins it will be the same shit about everyone being totally woke to mental illness now. Only the most egregiously massive of faggots should care at all.
Majestic Greatsword is king for this, get reads with the powerstance mistyflip or bait them with normal R1s until they roll in instead of away and hit em with the inescapable spinning L2 trap
KUGS is so slept on, greathammers are top tier in PvE but you look at its stats and realize it's actually better than greathammers. Higher AR at 40-50 STR and more poise damage. Same moveset as Crypt Blacksword too.
Sword Saint is Kensei. It can easily translate to weapon master, divine blade, or even edge lord lol. Also he shows you his pure sword style in the first phase and then expands it to demonstrate his true mastery of combat as the fight ramps up. Sekiro doesn't just fight with a katana either, and if you do you aren't playing him to his full potential. It's like in DS2 for example, my character who uses a Ruler's Sword mixed up with dark orb casting and bone fist in his offhand has a greater degree of skill and mastery of combat than the guy who does nothing but roll and use one rapier poke attack over and over.
Sure they don't always die but playing with them still always feels like the video of following a fat guy around with a tuba
Spellblades are real good in this game because your level goes a lot higher than in the other games. To quote Wu Tang Financial, "you need to diversify your bonds, n*gga." Be competent with melee, magic, and a bow. I recommend STR/INT as the go-to combo for this because sorceries are great for PvE, Dragonrider Bow is perfect for ranged sniping midgame and can replace normal soul arrows to free up more attunement slots, and you get access to ultra weapons including a really strong lategame one. Learn how to use ultra weapons because they crush normal enemies with their tremendous stagger and knockdown attacks when two-handed. The Large Club is a good early game on with low stat reqs, and then the Zweihander is a good one to infuse with magic when you get a faintstone.
"How dare you call me a land baron, I identify as a land baroness thank you very much"
Sup reddit TIL that your wife dying is hard, DAE have any tough dead wife stories? Btw my wife's dying AMA
The expectations of me being a member of the alt-right, apparently? Congrats on doing the exact same thing as OP bro, all I'm doing is calling out bullshit where I see it
There's been a style switch mod for the PC version for a long time, check out donguri990 on youtube he has some godlike videos of it
If they added my boy Hector I would actually consider playing Smash
Putting mastered cover and a fuckton of mastered counter attack materia on Cloud, literally every time an enemy attacks anyone Cloud just jumps in and Omnislashes them. Also vantage + vengeance + brave tome in FE Awakening, literally just solo entire maps of enemies running into you and dying before they even get a chance to attack.
Casters are pretty trash in DS3 because of the FP and estus system, you're naturally handicapping your healing potential for an option that's generally weaker than melee anyway
But what if Steve Kerr geting out-splashed by the splash brothers shatters his confidence and he never pursues a coaching career with the Warriors, creating a time paradox?
Hey just in case you missed it your phone appears to have autocorrected "shortest" to "strongest"
Quality build isn't really all that good in this game, mostly because there are other good weapons that scale primarily based off either STR or DEX rather than both, so you can instead put those points into a second stat of INT or FAI and get spellcasting and buffs to go with your damage. Pretty much the one really cool thing a 40/40 quality build has going for it is the Ruler's Sword + Majestic Greatsword Powerstance, but that is mostly for high level characters dicking around as it requires you to have a million souls *on hand* at all times for max damage output, it's not at all practical for a new player learning the game.
Alonne is one of the hardest bosses with a lot of trial and error timing so the run back to him after losing can be extremely demoralizing
"hAvIng a fEdErAl gOvErNmEnT iS tHe sAmE aS cOmMuNiSm"
The city edition ones? Not like the Celtics are much better in that department
Has anybody theorized about why LB had one of these? Does the game explain it at all? I can't remember. Is it because she tried to establish an oath with Kuro while he was hypnotized right there and it failed when Sekiro killed her?
Longsword will eventually stop being able to stagger most enemies. I recommend you pick up a Zweihander and start getting gud
All About the Grandmummahs is one of my favorite films
You should basically be holding block by default during animations as it's what keeps you from absorbing essence so you can use it for a UT when time is right. Also many attacks' recovery can be canceled into a block if you're holding it while an enemy attacks you. You just need to rolljump around and stay mobile. NGS2's combat isn't as refined as Sigma 1, it's more about just doing whatever until a limb pops off then hitting triangle. And on higher difficulties you gotta stay in iframes as much as possible. Izuna drops, guillotine throws, OTs, and UTs. On Master Ninja you can basically never stay still because all enemy grabs are instant kills and a lot of them don't even have reactable startup. The game isn't balanced very well tbh.
Farm Gyrm Greathammer from the dude by the Doors of Pharros bonfire, it's a giant anvil on a stick with huge damage and a kickass 2H moveset.
Well obviously they would just amend it with a problematic toxicity clause
It's not specifically meant to break Time, but to warp the very fabric of possibility itself, that which can alter and rewrite the Elder Scrolls. Breaking Time is simply a byproduct of its function to subvert causality and cause multiple occurrences to happen simultaneously. It is essentially a microcosm of the Dawn Era's dynamics. Anumidium was designed to undermine Anu himself and dream its own dream, which of course does not play nice with the existing world and its established order. It uses the free energy left behind by Lorkhan as a way of boostrapping its power to divine levels, but it was not intended to be Lorkhan himself. It was a way for the Dwemer to merge their separate AE into a single collective oversoul. Remember that the original events at Red Mountain transpired with the Heart of Lorkhan, not the Mantella, which was not created until the end of the Second Era. This is why you have so many different conflicting accounts and perspectives of what happened, and all that can be truly said once the Elder Scrolls wove themselves back together is that it ended with the Tribunal ascended to godhood, the Nords defeated, the Dwemer erased from existence, Indoril Nerevar dead, and the Chimer changed into the Dunmer. Think of the Numidium as a giant computer running a complex script with the Heart of Lorkhan set as the object reference to be used as its power supply. The reason the Mantella works is that it is essentially a HoL emulator, intended to use King Wulfharth's Shezzarite soul to trick Numidium into thinking it's using the HoL with a similar enough surrogate. Like an organ donor with a matching blood type or similar enough genetic sequence. However during the soul-trapping process parts of the other two conspirators' souls, Tiber Septim and Zurin Arctus, were also trapped within the gem. Numidium detects these three separate AEs within the object it's drawing Shezzarite power from, and, programmed to treat them as Lorkhan, uses its reality-warping powers to create a new cloned reference the AE belongs to, the thing the three share in common, a legend they created together about a great hero named Talos that gave rise to an empire. So the Dwemer's failed ascension originally thwarted by ALMSIVI was hijacked by Talos, who became the soul of the Numidium and was projected unto the firmament over Lorkhan's missing space.
クロノ
Go spellblade rather than pure int, you level up a lot faster in DS2 so it's easy to do. I recommend strength so you can eventually use ultra weapons. Fire longsword and magic mace are good early to midgame weaps. In DS2 you can buff infused weapons so for midgame you can infuse whatever you want with magic. I recommend a Zweihander, it's a good starter ultra with a great moveset, much faster than the DS1 version. Lategame Blue Smelter Sword is absolutely godlike, Zweihander's moveset but it's a giant glowing blue slab of molten rock with an R2 attack that literally explodes in a giant blue fireball and oneshots almost every enemy through NG+. For the spell side magic is nowhere near as OP as it was in DS1 but it's still very helpful. Great heavy soul arrow is the go-to spell early on. Eventually though once you hit 20 str and 18 dex you can grab the dragonrider bow, a magic bow that scales with str and int. Then you buy 999 arrows and effectively have unlimited soul arrows for sniping and pulling enemies with, and can start using those attunement slots for other spells like buffs, soulmasses, situational stuff like fall control, etc. Push your int to 40 after that and use soul spear. You can farm them by using bonfire ascetics at thw second bonfire in Huntsman's Copse to respawn the item. By endgame once you have the Blue Smelter Sword you'll pretty much want all soul spears and one attunement of repair to let you spam the special attack. If you wear Crown of the Old Iron King you slowly regen spell uses too so it's great for this setup. Essentially by the time you're around SL150-200 you will have a beastly melee weapon that can chain stunlock, knockdown, or straight-up oneshot enemies, a ranged weapon with effectively unlimited uses, and the ability to nuke dangerous enemy groups or bosses with piercing soul spear. One of the most OP and fun to play PvE setups in the game.
2H bone fist is so underrated, that killer stomp on the light attack and then the strong attacks are some of the most dad-dicking moves in the entire game. Punch a man's soul straight out of his body with that shit.
Doesn't the trip from the Moon to Earth only take about a week? Like I get you'd have a staggering amount of survivor's guilt weighing on you but it's kind of absurd to think someone would just lose their mind and end it all in that span, especially with the last hopes of mankind's endeavor riding on your return.
This was the play of the game. In a game where Jaylen Brown posterized LeBron James. Marcus fuckin Smart, nastiest passes in the league.
Dark Souls III scrubs who said Sekiro has worse combat punching the air rn
Honestly you will have a far easier time if you just level up more. I don't even know how you managed to get to him that low, maybe you skipped the Everfall? Just explore BBI a bit you will probably gain levels pretty fast.
Time to install the boss rush mod
This episode killed my interest so hard I legit have not even watched 7 and 8 yet. Absolute travesty
Well they completely disemboweled any semblance of character or motivation from Eredin. Dude is basically a Marvel villain. I think I understand why they did it though, imagine how much heat they would have caught from game journalists if they went into detail on how his plan is basically to turn Ciri into his baby making machine to produce the true heir to the Elder Blood. But his motivation behind this made him both a simultaneously despicable and compelling villain. In the games he's just generic BBEG in skull armor.
20 year old thinks he knows everything, more at 11
Agree, I like ironically calling people galaxy brains
It's a classic dungeon crawler with ultra-hardcore Dragon Quest style combat. Nothing in common with Dark Souls, in fact I think a lot of the negative opinions you see of it come from the "i pLaY hArD gAmEs LiKe dArK sOuLs" crowd because a lot of those dudes haven't played actual RPGs and they get fuckin ROCKED when they realize this is a game where getting good is about strategy, risk mitigation, and contingency planning rather than just learning the right time to hit the circle button during a bunch of animations. Tactical skill rather than mechanical skill. So it will be your love for old school RPGs that determines your affinity with DD. It's a game with almost unparalleled atmosphere dripping with personality, and has a lot of interesting push/pull mechanics in terms of resource balancing, team design and outfitting, and combat strategy. And very few missions are actually unwinnable so long as you're well prepared, but you also have to know when to fold and realize that pushing your luck can spell absolute disaster. It has a lot going on and it's really good.
I was thinking about it and I genuinely think a helicopter crash is one of the only possible ways Kobe could die. Any situation where he had any amount of agency or control over, I feel like he could have gotten out of. Even if he had gotten cancer or something, I can't see the Mamba losing a battle with cancer. It's so fucked up and so frustrating for him to just get taken out by such a freak, senseless accident with no possible escape. Dude was such a badass and he didn't even have a chance.
Nice try L Ron
Xenogears gets HEAVILY into this sort of shit as its narrative evolves, though the player has no control over it.
I would recommend Dragon Quest XI on hard mode (super strong monsters Draconian Quest enabled). Incredibly deep classic turn-based combat that can easily rival Darkest Dungeon. In fact DQ pretty much invented the semi-random-speed-based-initiative-per-round battle system DD uses. On normal it's a total breeze but on hard mode you need to use the full extent of all options available to you in terms of buffs, debuffs, ability combos, crafting, skill builds and respecs, party setups, just to give yourself a *chance* at victory. And bosses will still wipe the floor with you. Hell you'll be fighting for your life against normal enemies for a good chunk of the game. Plus you get a rich and beautiful world to explore filled to the brim with detail, atmosphere, and goofy comedy. In fact the cartoony Toriyama aesthetic actually creates a perfect dichotomy with the brutal difficulty where the contrast of each enhances the other further. I don't care if you don't normally play JRPGs, this game is the shit you gotta give it a shot.
Came back to this game to do a fresh NG playthrough charmless and fuckin died to this thing 4 times. Never had as much trouble before. Then I proceeded to go destroy both LB and Genichiro on the first try. Fuckin hate this fight, it's not even fun.
Still pissed we never got Sword Saint Tenpenny
影落とし お返しいたす 見事なり The Great Shinobi's death haiku
Brave and very much woke redditor OWNS racism with anecdotal evidence from his community!
And thus, Comrade Changstein was allowed to keep his internet connection for another day
Could be a sort of distinction between a master file and a plugin. Plugins come and go and contain smaller, specific fragments of information but the master records are what everything is pulled from and make up the foundation of the world. Or think of it like a terminal vs a server.
Meeting Vendrick is the single greatest moment in the series and one of the most powerful in any video game ever
[Really cool post about the meaning.](https://www.reddit.com/r/Sekiro/comments/bi6va1/spoilerdo_sekiro_and_owl_cowrite_a_death_poem%E8%BE%9E%E4%B8%96) This is arguably the most important line in the game and where it derives its title from.
[You're pretty casual](/ocelot)
The spiritfalls aren't even good, they should have been free to activate, costing emblems just makes them worse than the sugar.
Ichimonji, mortal blade, and shadowrush/fall are the only ones I really like. Floating passage is ok too sometimes
If the path to the Executioner's Chariot is too much for you, you probably won't have much use for what you unlock from beating it...
To be more specific, decoy is based on magic power vs magic resist. So if the person casting has magic gear and faith and the target doesn't have shell, it will hit 100% of the time. Optimal setup for a tank in my opinion is heavy armor, magic hat, 1h weapon + shield, protect, faith, and decoy.
He has to because otherwise he isn't allowed to hate you 🤣🤣🤣
NPC starter pack
I feel like you can just look at this image and it doesn't really need any further explanation
I just made it up. But it can be like that with a lot of things immediately after making a decision you can't turn back from. I think it's just a certain personality type prone to second-guessing yourself.
The police need to police themselves, or better yet there needs to be some kind of actual non-corrupt system to hold them accountable. Even though plenty are in fact trying to serve and protect, this is still allowed to happen again and again. But maybe a police station being burned to the fucking ground will finally be enough of a wakeup call that shit needs to change and you can't just keep waiting for tensions to blow over until the next person is killed by your coworkers.
The (you) collector strikes again
Good ol Airthrow vs Groundbounce 3
[Here is my STR+INT guide, which I feel is the strongest PvE spellblade setup](https://www.reddit.com/r/DarkSouls2/comments/gq4ctg/whats_this_strint_build_ive_been_hearing_so_much/frrfd5x?utm_source=share&amp;utm_medium=web2x)
J-JUST BECAUSE I SAID I DIDN'T WANT YOU TO WATCH IT DOESN'T MEAN I DIDN'T REALLY WANT YOU TO WATCH IT ANYWAY B-BAKA!
I maintain that the optimal way to experience a Persona game is just to watch a Let's Play of it. There is so much grinding and fusing you have to do to be optimal and actually get to see all the content and it just destroys the pacing. But if you're watching a LP you can just skip forward to the next part of the story whenever you get bored of that.
I think they use the septium veins to create focal points to manifest the higher elements around them. But their original purpose was to unite those veins at a nexus to channel enough power to create the Sept-Terrion of Zero as planned by the ancient alchemists of the &gt;!Crois Clan.!&lt;
You just found a DLC area. You are probably about halfway through the content of the game overall. DS2 is a longass game.
There's also the HP reduction system on death. And the progression is similar too. The four paths to the great souls are reminiscent of the archstones in how they increase in difficulty the further you get and you are meant to jump between them. Then the lategame becomes more linear.
What are you talking about, they made a subreddit private for a day and now racism is over, we did it reddit
Man it really is the exact same, every single one gets so mad and defensive LMAO
Disrespecting the right to kneel during the national anthem is disrespecting one of the most fundamental values of what it means to be American
Cloud literally cannot stop taking Ls
🤔🤔🤔🤔🤔🤔🤔🤔🤔🤔🤔🤔🤔🤔🤔🤔🤔🤔🤔🤔🤔🤔🤔🤔🤔🤔🤔🤔🤔🤔 Although LeBron did lose a lot of credibility of his own this year. "I will not shut up and dribble. I am more than an athlete. I will stand up for injustice around the world." *Hong Kong protests against China happen* "...so anyway I shut up and dribbled."
You get one chance to kill that guy on the roof as a miniboss and if you die he becomes a normal boss a little later on. He shows up as a miniboss at a bunch of later points in the game too.
It's about halfway through Ivory King and you can't get 2 until NG+. However powerstance does work with bone fist in right hand and caestus in left. edit: actually it looks like caestus does more damage so right hand bone fist left hand caestus might be the optimal setup anyway
Pretty sure Bleublanc is the only character who appears in every game in some form or another
Also they play the 7 seed in the first round
Absolutely manhandled
Imagine if they all could chug estus
What weapon was the invader using lol, never seen anyone complain about fist weapons. Hell the fuckin longsword is way cheaper than fists and that shit is everywhere especially early on.
spoilers dude
&gt;~~Why~~ do these people think ~~them protesting on the other side of the ocean will do~~ anything?
Sometimes but guard breaks are slow and unreliable to perform, and in most cases you can literally just walk backwards to make them whiff. Only the worst players will actually get hit by them, to say nothing of the fact that you can just stagger players out of the guardbreak startup with most shieldpoke attacks.
Why would an Oblivion NPC chase a mudcrab into a lake and drown while trying to punch it to death?
And there we are, back to pokespam
The whole topic is about having a period you fuckin retard. Also acting like women over 50 and amputees are somehow an equally occurring percentage of the population, ok
Lenna with summon + dance in FFV, one of the deadliest combos in the series. Endgame-tier character by midgame. You get complete physical damage immunity from Golem, huge group damage from Syldra/Leviathan/Bahamut, and then whenever you want MP just dance and you will absorb 80 MP with each mystery waltz while also popping off 9999s with sword dance and the chicken knife at like lvl 30. It's insane. Once I get to the endgame my other characters have the potential to outdamage her with multiattacks/dualcast but nobody matches the overall versatility and sustained dominance for such a significant portion of the game.
Nah you can still do them later
Trails games have all different kinds of this. Some of the best items in the game from the points you get from doing sidequests/hidden quests, ultimate weapon for collecting all the books, and then in Crossbell and Cold Steel you can exchange rare accessories/food/fish for powerful endgame stuff.
Dragon Quest XI on hard mode will fuck you up. Start the game with strong monsters and exp limiter draconian quests enabled.
You have a lot of tools that make you pretty OP and the execution barrier is much lower with jump cancels in particular being much much easier, but some enemies are real cheap motherfuckers and can definitely fuck you up. Nothing as annoying as blitzes though.
I love the arms crossed flex when the camera crew walks in, what a gangster
He was in the highest bracket
Also I think the true final boss should be Sparda, like after you kill Satan or whatever demon king is down there at the bottom Sparda should show up and be like alright boys let's see what you got, and make it the sickest fight in the series
...Dracula?!
Not very autonomous of you bro
Boss weapons are generally meant more for NG+, the game doesn't end when you beat it once NG+ in DS2 is different enough that it could even qualify as the real DS2 experience.
Yeah I saw that thread too late there was like 50 comments already and everyone worshipping the turian sentinel and paladin. Not that those classes are bad, but if those dudes don't know what's really up by now they probably never will lol
Goddamm lol I keep trying to respond with build and video links but it seems like my comment with the links keeps getting filtered, I messaged the mods hopefully they can fix it
NOT A LOT OF PEOPLE KNOW THIS, BUT MEL BROOKS WAS A BLACK MAN. HIS REAL NAME WAS MELANIN BROOKSABEMBE
Oh shit, how could he have neglected to think of all those transatlantic car thieves?
I think it keeps you more engaged though, I think you are way more prone to zoning out in an automatic. Would love to see a study conducted or research collected on the frequency and nature of auto accidents separated by transmission. I'd even go so far as to postulate that the fact that you have to focus more when driving a stick shift would have a reductive effect on the risk posed by driving tired or even drunk compared to an automatic specifically because of that anti-zone-out effect. Really the biggest downside to manual city-driving is just that you'll burn through your clutch faster, once you're used to your car actually operating it is second nature and not really any additional hassle aside from like, not being able to have a drink in your hand while accelerating or making a turn at a light. But even that feeds into the notion of safer driving and lower potential for distractions.
Moonjumping dreams are fuckin awesome, my feet always just barely touch the floor and then I start going right back up. I occasionally have one where I'm in a school gym in zero-G and I can just catch myself on the walls and spring off like a Windows screensaver lol. Actual flying is tricky because as soon as you question or doubt it it stops working. It's like the Matrix where you need to fully believe that it's impossible to *not* be able to do it in order for it to work.
Hey man let's be fair, he also cares about kids from Cleveland who remind him of himself lol, even his activism is a reflection of his narcissism
"People keep thinking the robot revolution's gonna be Terminator, but it's gonna be more like the Shining." One of the best, most unsettling quotes I've ever read. This dude's argument is so well-articulated and absolutely off the charts in terms of its precision.
I would assume such a critique would be referencing the failures of the Reconstruction Era which led to continued segregation and social inequality for the next 100 years and beyond... if this quote were being said by an intelligent man. With Trump, who knows.
Path of Radiance would actually be a great choice. It's a pretty good one to start with even if you haven't played any others because it has an excellent tutorial system. And there's no grinding even if you wanted to, you just gotta pick the units you like and try your best to keep them alive and strong. And then Radiant Dawn is the direct sequel and even better, one of my favorite games of all time. Fire Emblem 7 for GBA is also really good too, maybe even a little better than PoR to start with. And once again there's no grinding, aside from being able to use the arena in a couple maps to get some levels and money if you want.
I guess maybe Xenoblade on Wii has a little of the same general vibes as DD, though a much stronger story and set characters. But including modern games I think FFXV is by far the most similar overall.
It's because he finally lost his virginity so now he's laid back and just crushes brews in the Merkabah
Lorkhan/Shor/Shezzar is not one of the Divines, he is the Missing God who is neither fully aedra nor daedra. He is tied into death in an important way because his death bound all the other gods who partook in creation to the same fate, but he is not the same as Arkay even though the concepts of the cycle of birth and death and the Lunar Lattice overlap. You will get a lot of conflicting info on what exactly Arkay is and how he came to be one of the divines. His presence in the Nordic Pantheon as Orkey suggests that he may have even had a relationship with Shor like Malacath had with Boethiah, or that the legends of their origin blended together.
Dame is like the definition of the phrase "make someone else beat you." You've gotta be crazy to be okay with letting that man have the ball at the end of a game
The Shining is really interesting when you pay attention to it because Jack Torrance is constantly talking about his obligation to the "owners" of the hotel, but we never get a clear idea of what they actually are other than that they only appear to exist in the past. Are they ghosts? Are they demons? What exactly happened at this hotel to make it this way? But the point is that *something*, whatever it is, has crept into Jack's head and slowly corrupted his mind, filling him with rage, with paranoia, with a deep antisocial contempt for his own wife and child. This force is molding him into something distinctly other than himself, and eroding the old self so that it can never return. That is the age of technology-driven memetic social conditioning we live in today. People have proven to be very prone to having their own internal anger and frustration manipulated to be projected against others, and when something can efficiently control the massive information distribution pipelines used to foster this mentality then whatever is controlling it essentially commands an army of these malleable people looking for the next target of their rage. Why bother creating an army of robots when you have all these perfectly suitable meat machines to get the job done just as well?
The (You) collector strikes again
Holy shit you can snap seed the phantom kunai, godlike. This is the exact kind of video I would show to all the Souls scrubs who say they don't like Sekiro's combat. This is the only Fromsoft game where combat with bosses is fully interactive and you can be genuinely expressive and stylish in how you play. 10/10
This is what happens when all the kids who solved all their problems by telling the teacher and getting the other kid in trouble grow up and make twitter accounts
I've found that if you don't smith your follower's gear they stay pretty balanced
Faith in what though? An almost insultingly anthropomorphized God? I feel like all you need to do is watch a couple videos of invertebrates eating each other to realize that if the Judeo-Christian God exists, he probably got here pretty fuckin late and is almost certainly not the all-powerful lord of all creation. Christianity should just be a philosophy, nothing more. It's a set of instructions on how to live, it doesn't actually answer any of the fundamental questions on the origin, meaning, and potential metaphysical nature of existence.
The virgin consumable usage vs the chad run away and reset the AI
Yes it's very very similar to those two games with its shard system. Definitely worth picking up. However if you haven't played it definitely play Order of Ecclesia. In my opinion it's the best Castlevania game, a really cool balance of the older level-based difficult games and the newer Metroidvanias, and it basically takes the soul system and cuts out the fat so every glyph is useful and you don't need to endlessly grind to upgrade them. It also has a heavy focus on magic and extremely cool spells you can dual-wield.
He has really gone full South Park character this year
Actually in this case if Cloud or Tifa died it'd be instant game over, but if like Red XIII or Yuffie died the game would go on. Also FE does a pretty good job of making sure it's never truly unwinnable because the essential characters end up pretty powerful and they usually like to throw you a couple super powerful promoted characters right near the end to ensure you can beat the final chapters even if a lot of people died or you didn't level up characters well.
Atmora is literally just the northern half of the original Skyrim that split off when Tamriel was sundered at the end of the Ehlnofex Wars. Skyrim was the Atmorans' original home, claimed by the Falmer as they expanded across Tamriel during the Merethic Era. The Skyforge was not built by elven hands, it predates Merethic settlement in Skyrim, a relic of the proto-Atmorans honoring the great mother Kyne the Blue-Tailed Hawk. Also the Nedic peoples of Cyrodiil never left Tamriel, they remained on it throughout the Merethic but were not allowed to develop as a civilization because they were enslaved by the Ayleids. And the humans in the High Rock region around Adamantine Tower interbred with the Direnni Clan of Aldmer, creating the Bretons.
I would say use the voice mods and leave it at that, I didn't know about them when I played but if I ever play them again I'll definitely use them
The thing is though, look at the last two sentences of the quote after the part you bolded. Like, the bread and circuses scenario of sports doesn't mean that getting rid of sports will magically make the world a better place and fix everyone's shitty lives. Sports are there to give people something to enjoy while they deal with their shitty life. Take sports away and what's left for a lot of these folks? A communist revolution? Seriously how do you actually fix these deeply-ingrained issues in a way that doesn't just end up making things worse? There's no simple solution. I would argue that getting rid of sports isn't even a step in the right direction. Even though the effect is limited, at least they do provide a chance of upward socioeconomic mobility for some people, and the overarching effect is much more far-reaching, even on lower levels keeping kids engaged in a constructive community activity after school.
So I guess you just can't read then?
Yeah the amount of buzzwords this is laden with has "agent's PR advisory writing" all over it
I hope they expand on the Mortal Blade in the next Sekiro game so it has its own independent mechanics and resources. Even for combat arts in general, I think it would be much cooler if the game used a fast-regenerating FP system like the Cinders mod for DS3 does, or Castlevania Order of Ecclesia for those of you who have played that game. Sort of a balance between a stamina bar and a typical mana bar where it regulates your ability to do powerful attacks, but doesn't also restrict your movement/defense options. And then have spirit emblems exclusively used to power the prosthetic. And for those who think the game would be too easy if your combat arts were no longer tied to spirit emblems, it's really not an issue because you would be balancing the difficulty of the game around using these tactics. The coolest Sekiro videos by far are the ones where highly skilled and creative players are using a wide variety of unconventional combat arts and prosthetic attacks to make Sekiro feel almost like a boss in his own right, not the ones where it's just some guy doing attack, attack, deflect, deflect over and over because he's saving all his emblems for firecrackers. Imagine a game that deliberately incentivizes the former playstyle over the latter and how cool it could be.
Imagine if we were all velociraptors wearing clothes clackin on keyboards with our sick claws, shit would be dope
Bro you can actually bounce off their head and THEN air ichimonji double after you do it lol. Only enemy it doesn't work on is Isshin who will hit you on the way down if you try it.
CS1 ends on a huge cliffhanger lol, if you play it now you are likely gonna cave and either play CS2 or cave and just download Ao. So I recommend you just skip the indecision and download Ao right now lol, the current translation is more than good enough and you can always purchase it in the future once a legal means becomes more viable. Plus it's good enough that you will probably want to play it again when Geofront comes out anyway.
One of the leads posted a tweet clarifying that the 75% number is misleading, on top of multiple translation passes they also need to do all the lower-level technical stuff that allows for those QoL improvements, and then bugtest the whole thing. I think he said early 2021 is the earliest to reasonably expect it. It'll be faster than Zero but Zero took multiple years to do.
Frogs literally do all the cool things spiders do, but also without the whole unholy abomination downside. I have tree frogs that live on my deck in the summer and these dudes are so badass, they make sick jumps from the posts and the furniture to the screen door eating mosquitos and flies by the dozens. And if one gets in the house you can just pick him up and he'll chill in your hand while you bring him back outside. Or pop him on your shoulder and he'll hang out with you for a bit. Good times.
Maybe he's from China
We all lived bitch
I choose to believe
I just had Rean equipped with Shining R so he'd always be able to insight himself (also it gives some accuracy and evasion too), very useful for story fights like that. His evasion gets kinda passively nerfed in CS2 though so I focused him more on crits, Sara is prob the best evasion tank now I think. Fie is just as good at evading too obv but Sara is kinda just stronger Fie with a nasty self buff so she will always be able to give herself insight and her wrath counters will do significantly more damage.
Funny what happens when you can't just hang 6 feet back from a player while they're on the perimeter 😏
Actual footage of a woman hitting the Wall live on air, truly fascinating
After about 2 or 3 hours of gameplay I just couldn't deal with how weird everything looked and sounded and just decided to watch the cutscenes on youtube so I could move onto III faster. I am very glad I did, the story in II is important enough that you can't skip it but there are just so many problems with the game, it really does feel like maybe the single greatest example of a "B-team project" of all time. III is soooo much better, one of the best JRPGs on the PS2 and arguably the best sci-fi JRPG of all time. Xenogears still has a better story but with gameplay and pacing factored in XS3 overtakes it IMO. So if you liked XS2 then be excited because it gets way way better from there.
I refer to Talos as the Lord of Might and Conquest. Generally Daedric lords embody simple emotions or actions, while the Divines encompass larger tenets, values, or precepts. If Dagon is the embodiment of ambition, then Talos is its realized form, the result of its application. Willpower made into Law. Talos successfully brought the Dragon to heel, while Dagon has never been able to actually defeat it. Might be one of the reasons he hates the Septims so much in particular.
Original FFVII, as well as FFV before it, had an incredibly well-executed slow dramatic buildup to the eventual reveal of the villain, where it was all vague mystery at first where all you get is a name, then you gradually see the effects of this villain's presence and they develop a gravity solely from this negative space until they are finally revealed and it's so badass. Sephiroth shouldn't have been in VIIR at all IMO, it would have just made it even more impactful when they introduced him in the next game.
You can see the subtle romantic undertones between them in XII, and I think it explicitly comes from the life of each being so far from the other. Ashe has a grand purpose that Balthier lacks, while Balthier has the absolute freedom Ashe envies. Even though it could never work in reality, there is this unspoken thing where they can't help but wish it could. Realistically it seems like ya boy Al-Cid would probably be the best candidate for a political marriage although I don't see that dude wanting to give up the harem life any time soon.
tumblr
Danny Ainge: Hi I'm no one
"Organizations outside the government are under no obligation to guarantee freedom of speech, you just want to be able to spew hate with no consequences you racist neckbeard!" "The First Amendment guarantees this man a right to say what he is saying without being fired from his job, stop suppressing his freedom you fascist nazi incel!" 🤔🤔🤔🤔🤔🤔🤔🤔🤔🤔🤔🤔🤔🤔🤔🤔🤔🤔🤔🤔🤔🤔🤔🤔🤔🤔🤔🤔🤔🤔🤔🤔🤔🤔🤔🤔🤔🤔🤔🤔🤔🤔🤔🤔🤔🤔🤔🤔🤔🤔🤔🤔🤔🤔🤔🤔🤔🤡🌎
I expected nothing and I was still disappointed. Couldn't even bring myself to watch the last 2 episodes, and from what I hear it was the right choice.
It's not about school anymore, it's about searching for your friends FFVI style as the country goes to war with each other, and then preparing to take back Thors. It's long but I thought the new gameplay loop was refreshing without being totally unfamiliar either.
Warframe is free and has, like, an oppressive level of customization. I haven't played for over a year but I went on an absolute bender for a while.
Hyper Light Drifter is kind of like a more well-rounded Furi. Amazing technical combat but it's not just boss battles, it's exploring a huge map filled with secrets and numerous combat encounters with different types of enemies. Also it's probably the most visually-stunning pixel art of all time. Game is a true masterpiece. It's basically a better 2D Zelda game than the actual 2D Zeldas.
I would argue Sekiro does it better. When you beat a tough boss in the Soulsborne games, it's usually just that you feel like you finally memorized its entire moveset and when to hit circle during each attack because bosses tend to ignore everything you try to do and just swing wildly with unlimited poise so there is no real interactivity. But when you beat a boss in Sekiro you feel like you actually whooped that thing's ass. Like as you get better at the game you can start to play really aggressive and bosses are the ones that have to block and go on the defensive against *you.*
Probably close to 99% of the people TLOU2 is aimed towards would get their asses absolutely whooped by Sekiro so it's no surprise they like it better
Just give me a PC remaster of NGB with the QoL improvements of Sigma, optional Rachel chapters that you can skip if you don't wanna play, NG+ where scarabs carry over, and all costumes from every version of the game. Like, I have zero confidence any potential NG4 would be even half the game that NGB is so I'd rather just have a definitive version of that to play for hundreds of more hours.
Petition to change likes in English to "it do be like thats"
I think it's more you wanna see how it affects people. It's one thing if somebody's smoked before and just doesn't want to, but if your boy just goes through life insisting on never smoking even though he has no idea what it's like, you wanna at least get this dude ripped one time just to see him get the experience of it.
Marvel has been creatively bankrupt for a while now, sad to say but it's not really surprising at this point
This is why I have a Darkdrift +10 on standby. Also hot tip, if you buff a Darkdrift it becomes a lightsaber
By a mob of Lakers fans, no less
His hands are lightning fast and he comes up with a ton of steals in transition or on the perimeter, but he would still really get bullied inside or just wind up with a lot of dudes shooting clean over him like KD can do to a lot of small forwards.
Just get a soundcloud rapper and his entourage to provide private security, duh
I feel like they could really experience a lot more sales and grow the playerbase if they gave greater discounts on old titles. I feel like all 3 Sky games should go on sale for $10, CS1 for $10-15, and CS2 for $20. Then you'd have more total people playing these games and shelling out the big bucks for the newest release. Gotta use that Lymon/Becky philosophy, bulk sales at a discount are better in the long term than individual profit per sale because you increase both the size of your customer base as well as their satisfaction and eagerness to do business in the future.
Missile a spawn at the start of extraction
Has enough time passed that people don't remember all these games are based off of Prince of Persia? Go play Sands of Time right now to anybody who hasn't, one of the best games ever, completely changed 3D platformers. Of course, for this gif to be PoP homeboy would have had to be doing full rotations on those bars lol
Almost all other JRPGs are just a self-contained story and world for each entry, but Trails is one big story in the same world. So you get to see characters grow and develop and interact across multiple games in ways they wouldn't be able to in a single game. Also the stories can take place within a single country rather than an entire continent or world, so you can have more attention placed on the towns and their inhabitants in each country. Ah yes, also because waifus
Some say the idea that garbage bags be black was introduced by none other than Celtics fans in the 1950s
The point where we could actually make Mars truly Earthlike is INSANELY far away. It's not even just about the surface climate, Mars' gravity and magnetic field are both extremely weak and the ability to significantly modify the mass and core content of a planet are so far beyond anything our current civilization can even conceive of.
Yeah the 3 tsunderes of Cold Steel are Celine, Machias, and Patrick lol
The Aranea fight in FFXV is insane. Even DBZ games feel less DBZ than that fight. And then Leviathan goes even harder later in the game but there's something about just clashing weapons 100 feet in the air zipping around with airsteps and warp strikes that can't be beat. Honorable mention to Cold Steel II the first time you &gt;!fight Crow after getting spirit unification.!&lt; So hype, and Blue Destination is one of the best songs in any JRPG ever.
Nephews really out here treating national debt like personal finance 🤣
Dude was talking WAYYYYYYYY too much. Typing out weird paragraphs with multiple awkward questions in a row that she needed to answer with her own wall of text. Like bro this isn't 1763 you're not supposed to write a bitch a fuckin letter. That said, in this era of stream hoes and, uh "thirst culture" as they called it, [let's take a moment to remember the wise words of Patrice.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3eAU0EadxEc)
Barrel + mag + AP is the standard yeah. The incendiary stacking is kind of interesting but it's pretty much not gonna come into play at all vs the droves of standard enemies you're melting compared to the up-front damage boost of AP. If you've got biotic teammates though then you can do HV + mag + warp which is absolutely bonkers. You will also get a little bonus damage vs. barriers no matter what which can be handy against banshees and collectors. If you haven't tried it yet, bring an Executioner with mag upgrade and heavy barrel as your sidearm. It is the perfect complement to the PPR where you can quickly switch to it while it recharges and pop off 2 quick shots to finish a boss. Insane vs banshees and praetorians because of the headshot damage, I think 2 headshots is like 13k damage or something. Way way more than any incendiary ammo tick damage could ever hope to do in that amount of time. You can also snipe with it from ultra long distance beyond the max range of the PPR. [This is the full setup I typically use](http://kalence.weebly.com/me3-builder.html#28!1H01545!2502575!24N57314!98.AGO)
I'll take Asanagi doujins for 400 Alex
