Lol @ the “not bad” reaction from that Nets player
I miss those carts. We have those taller skinnier carts and they tip over easily if you throw a box on top of them.
Literally the worst time to end the show
The thought of upsets by both the football team and basketball team today has me hard as a rock.
Why did my ESPN App switch this game to Alcorn state? It’s still saying ucf vs Memphis
This shit’s rigged
Still alive
Our biggest problem in 97 is the missing labels.
Dan sounds sick again. Sorry I’m LTTP tonight
She seems oddly normal considering the type of people we usually see on this show.
Highest paid cheerleader in the league.
I'm pretty sure it's the drain not being centered.
I’m 8am-9pm and get 30 so I guess you got it good
They've got some work to do.
Colt McCoy out for season. That really sucks.
#fuckislam
I hit my 5 years in exactly 3 months. Said I’d only be there 2 years...
Wow Google went all out for their GHWB theme today. Meanwhile at Bing: https://www.bing.com/
I have no filters and I don’t have a single server.
Them Bush girls are some hotties
Yeah I ain’t gonna lie I’d probably try to work away from my current store as much as possible.
First thing I did was look for Seattle McSeattlefaces and sure enough it was there 😂
What the hell is wrong with this girl?
These girls look way too... normal(?) for sure.
lol that guy belongs on r/instant_regret
We had BIG company yesterday for the 3rd week in a row. VP and a bunch of people below him. I’m sure I’ll have tons of notes to do.
I’m thinking about doing a 4th playthrough soon.
A few of those aren't really negatives though?
This guy is SWOLE
His shirt is inside-out
Yep you know exactly which part I’m talking about lol
Save us Rod Smith
I'm off Monday, Tuesday, and Friday. The other person in my department is off Saturday through Thursday. Nobody in meat and dairy on Christmas Eve lol.
Desperate? Not really. Although I never played D/P so I guess playing a remake would kinda give me the chance to. I did play Platinum, however.
You’d think though that he is much, much closer to finishing if he thought he would be done by the end of that year, unless he had to do a major rewrite.
I hope noone’s told him about the Cowboys winning and extending their division lead yet.
Load ffs
We should’ve won by at least 2 TDs, possibly 3.
94 on our sub, which is still more than this one.
OK Conley is coming back in.
I’m more disgusted about the price of that milk.
It was 98 cents at my store until recently. It’s up to $1.20 now and sometimes we get people complaining about the price. I wanna tell them to go to the other Wal-Mart down the street or over to Kroger and pay 3x as much.
What!?!?
This is dairy at my store
They’ll get the order wrong.
What are you afraid of?
I ate some of that cheesecake from our deli/bakery earlier. It’s not bad!
TIL sprint in Slovak is sprint
I typed in a bunch of those words into Google translate and several said Slovak so I went with that lol
Funny you mention that. I know we're supposed to keep our stuff in the break room refrigerator but I will NEVER do that. We have people that just go in there and grab shit. We had this one girl who went in there, opened someone's new, unopened drink, didn't like it, and threw it away. So I keep my stuff in one of the coolers even though I'm not supposed to.
Flex is single, ladies!
F
Same
The trailer was neat but it did seem like they were forcing the feminine pronouns.
Gina sounds like she couldn’t care less.
The dogs or Raby? 😍
I can’t believe they did that LOL
Need an update on Raby and the dogs!
Seriously where’s the meth tonight? I need that and a car chase for a couple of bingos. I’m about to count that motorcycle from the beginning as a car chase lol
This is way too cute
There’s a K9 show on some channel but I do not remember what it is called. I watched it for several hours one day.
Welcome aboard!
Normally I don't mind that many hours but it is holiday time and I'd like to be able to enjoy them some. Luckily I got off Christmas Eve this year too.
We're way too small. We look like middle schoolers out there compared to you guys.
McDonald’s gave my sister an empty box before for her kids meal. Like how the hell do you not even put the food in the box yet you want $15/hr?
That’s Lauren Phillips btw
I gotta leave for work in 20 minutes. I don’t wanna go in plastered.
Ugh, work is gonna be awful Tuesday. We lost, Eagles are probably going to win, and the Steelers won. I wish I wouldn't let people know who I root for sometimes.
No, haters are everywhere
This happens every day at my store. I loaded up 30 gallons for this girl yesterday. Some middle eastern guy gets like 4 carts a week.
No you keep your gold
Our DM over there was just talking about this.
I’ve only played for about 2.5 hours so far. Started this morning. I guess the ‘dumbest’ thing I’ve done so far is cooked a bunch of fish without salt and let them all spoil.
We’re getting deliveries 7 days a week now. Normally don’t get one on Monday and Wednesday. We had 5 pallets of backstock in the dairy cooler and 5 pallets and 4 carts of backstock in the freezer the other day. They normally purge bins on backstock day but haven’t been able to for a couple of weeks now.
It’s real
Soldier down!
The hell happened to the score? I look away for a couple of minutes and they tied the game.
I work both days. Thursdays are so slow and pretty easy and Sundays make me want to quit.
Yeah the dumbasses at my store put shelves ON those shelves and one fell and almost hit me on my head one day. It grazed my shoulder. Nothing even caused it to fall. I was just standing below ours one day and luckily I heard it fall so I moved.
Ours is today but you have to pay to participate. Which I think is stupid. I’m off today anyways so I’m not there.
We had 5 pallets of backstock in dairy last week. Managed to get it down to 3.
Not sure about yesterday but we were at +36% at around 2pm on Thursday.
Yeah.
Oh man today sucked ass. By myself in meat, dairy, &amp; frozen and had to help our produce associate out too. Couldn't get anything done because of all the people asking me for help. The ones that barge into the backroom are the worst. Went to lunch and our egg shelf was completely empty when I came back. Meat was blown out when I left. Strangely enough though I only had to fill milk once the entire day. Also we got company tomorrow but I'm off til Wednesday. Hope the visit goes awful tbh. They need some change at that store.
The double yellow lines
Basically, if you're gonna be an asshole, be nice about it.
You’ll find them everywhere when you aren’t looking for them so start looking for something else instead.
It's Thursday during the morning.
You would be doing dairy, frozen, and meat. And yeah like the other person said sometimes you'd be the only one running the department some days. I'm not a DM but sometimes our DM is the ONLY one there that day.
I did this one time 20 minutes into my shift. Wet pants and wet socks, shoes, and feet all day.
No clothes at the neighborhood markets 😭 I do keep an extra pair of socks and shoes in the car now though. Might as well put a shirt and some pants in there too.
I did. Pikachu still being with me even when he's "boxed" makes me feel a little bit better.
I wish. Our wall was blown out when I came in at noon. The truck never got worked.
In haven’t watched a single stream and I’ve only seen 2 trailers. The first one and that Legion of Dawn or whatever it’s called.
Yeah this girl was shopping at the store I work at the other day and she had her uniform on including that jacket and it looked nice.
This
What do you say to the team in the locker room during halftime when you’re down by that much?
I stopped playing after the 3rd gym a few weeks ago and just can't get back into it.
Thicker than a bowl of oatmeal
That hair on the bottom right is bothering me and I thought it was on my screen at first.
I actually gained hours lol
We called that miss at my house. Dude is a better long range kicker.
It’s gonna be so quiet at work this week.
Milk and eggs have to be filled before I leave so it was weird that he asked me why I was doing what I was supposed to be doing.
Can the Santa Fe PD go make sure GRRM is writing?
This is why I prefer doing bales by myself.
You’d be amazed at the kind of shit I find in the meat/dairy/frozen claims buckets. I’ve found canned goods, bread, deli crap, other grocery stuff in the dairy claims, and stuff from several other departments in the meat claims. People just don’t give a damn at my store. And I don’t scan that stuff out either unless it’s D93 or seafood. It gets rolled straight to claims in receiving.
Yikes at that breathalyzer test
I’ve had weird ass schedules for like 3 weeks now but always get them to fix it. Same goes for the upcoming weeks. One week I have 4-9pm, 9-1pm, 4-1pm, 4-1pm, and 9-1pm.
Honestly I’d love a sleeping bunk at work.
I miss being able to run around with your knife in hand like in the older BF games. It was a good way to challenge someone to a knife fight.
Our break room is smaller than my bedroom and we only have 2 tables and 4 chairs for each one.
I'm supposed to get 33.75 hours but lately I've only been getting 22-26 hours but they still have me come in my regular time anyways.
Most stores aren't even staffed enough to follow OBW properly. Also it's actually impossible (and I mean it literally) at the neighborhood markets where the meat department is combined with dairy and frozen. Although, some only do fresh meat, and some only do dairy/frozen. Never touch freight from the other departments, even though that's their job code.
It's usually there anywhere between 4am-5am on the mornings I work. It didn't show up until after 6 on inventory day last Tuesday, though.
Is it necessary for 4 people do be in produce while the meat department only ever has 1, and sometimes not even that so they have to pull someone from dairy to do meat?
I've been saving these types of maps on my desktop when each new game releases. I have the one from X/Y, OR/AS, S/M, and US/UM. Gonna do the same with Sword/Shield too. I don't really use them for the first playthrough of a new gen but will use them on the next playthrough.
There are wild Pokemon battles in the trailer.
They do the frozen meat on the days they don’t have a FDD truck to work at my store
First time I’ve seen her in a while. I think the last time was when she had those 2 puppies that were in a car accident.
RI and hotels, man...
Slow night?
Holy crap that black female officer is tiny next to Garo Brown
I get the idea of the actual business but I just don’t see why it needs to be a TV show. Who asked for this?
Ahh, expired. I knew things were going too well lol.
Frozen is pretty straightforward. You’ll either be working new freight or working stuff from the bins in the freezer. Also it’s really cold.
I mainly work in meat. I rarely work in dairy or frozen anymore outside of filling milk and eggs. We get anywhere from 2-7 pallets of frozen but sometimes there’s a lot of deli and bakery stuff mixed in.
I want gen 2 to get some love this time around (and gen 4 with the inevitable remakes).
None of those are BF2
You don’t think Kukui smashes the wife daily? Or your character’s mom, as much as he shows up to your house?
Yeah but those abs probably make her wet af just looking at them
They always get 2 pallets. Not including bananas or watermelons.
Possibly. Although with flying Pokémon it shouldn’t be too much of an issue for her to go back home at the end of her work day.
9 stockers in gm/grocery tonight but let's pull the only person in the meat department to go do random shit throughout the store.
I'm gonna throw in Heracross. I think HG was the first game I actually used one and it was really good.
Actually you can get a Slugma egg (and Mareep/Wooper too, even though they can also be found in the wild) early on, and it'd be good to have early on, but it evolves at level 38 so it might not be good if you plan to use it all game. Or if you get ridiculously lucky, you could YEET a Pokeball at Entei and catch it immediately like I did. I was stunned. Of course I never used it because it would've been OP. I think I used Growlithe all game until evolving it sometime in Kanto and I ended up dumping it for a Dragonite or Scizor.
Murkrow as an early game Pokemon would be cool.
We don't smile here.
Lol @ Halo being in 6th place right now even though it won the last Transmissions survivor series. At least I think it won.
It's either a GM/OTC/HBA supervisor or grocery supervisor at the NHM stores. Produce has its own DM, deli has their own, and meat/dairy/frozen are all under one DM.
Too many ice types. It's definitely fake. :D
We caught some dickhead trying to steal ribeyes only about 10-15 minutes after the store opened this morning. I was on the meat wall, and he grabbed some steaks and asked me where the seasoning was. Thought it was kinda strange someone was there picking up steaks that early. Sure enough a few minutes later a CSM brought the steaks back. They said he only scanned the seasoning and they caught him.
Yeah I just transfer mine from gen to gen and then and then get all of the new Pokémon
Older lady wanted instructions on how to cook her turkey she bought for Thanksgiving.
Trying to find an 18+ character in that poll is like navigating through a minefield.
But as your least fucking favorite? YOU LIKE THE INTROS MORE THAN HALO?
Honestly I was happy to wear mine again. I hated wearing the apron.
I almost choked on my gum lol
This but Fedex
30 seconds!
Pretty sure those aren't lions.
I’m not planning on getting both but some people buy both because one can be used for multiple playthroughs while the other can be used for battling, breeding, collecting, etc.
I wear the apron when doing throwaways and that's about it.
Dude’s swole af
Need to see version exclusives first before deciding. But if I absolutely had to say based on what we have right now, Sword.
The newer ones are so hard to take off.
Our stockers just "””””””””””accidentally””””””””””” damage a couple cases when we run out in the break room and put the plastic with the UPC on it in claims
Can’t wait to see people’s pulls on YouTube
Yeah sometimes I’m like “I guess you’re not getting cleaned today”
One of my 2 dogs was eating so fast that he started choking on his food so we got him one of those things you put in the bowl to make them work for the food. It takes him much longer to eat now. Sometimes he doesn’t even finish his food.
This is the information I am here for.
I quit playing in October but I started back this week and have been playing several hours a day.
I throw that shit on a cart or keep it on the pallet and roll it up front to the deli. If they don't have room for them in their cooler they can bring them back to the dairy cooler. I don't want them in the meat cooler. There's already not much room in there.
Jenny Taft from FS1
So hyped right now
HOLY SHIT HE’S ALL OVER THE PLACE
Littlefinger wins!
Festival was today
Thought there was some sexual tension there
Seriously How can she be so perfect
Someone posted the setlist in another thread. Nothing new.
I could listen to him talk about Tombstone all day
Whatever lol
Same. I’ve been away from the thread tonight and just had to see what was being said.
I’d buy it
RI and hotels again
Absolute UNIT
Damn they’re finding everything in there
I forgot about the last one and I was off that night 😭
I’ll be at work and watch half of the conference live on my lunch break. Just wish I knew when CP2077 is a gonna show up so I could go at the right time.
Well, today was... fun. Helped get ready for annual inventory tomorrow even though I'm the only person in meat and I left at 6pm and have to be back at 4am. Meat wall is gonna be so empty. Spent most of my time in dairy today. Had to help work the FDD truck since tonight's showed up early and we had to work it.
This is every day for me.
Our inventory was today. I got lucky though and was able to stay in the meat department all day. I did help work the dairy freight yesterday though.
I told a coworker after the Direct that the artists are already hard at work.
My ASM was off today so all we had in the store was a support, AMT, and the SM. It was so nice being left alone. The DM was off too.
Have you ever seen a customer get sprayed by the misters? It's funny. Have you ever seen a customer get HOSED by a broken mister that sprays water everywhere? That's hilarious.
Yeah I usually send at least 2 half gallons down on an empty shelf. Just enough so that if any fall over, I can stretch across the shelf to pick them up and not have to go outside on the salesfloor.
I’m not getting the option either and I have the latest version of windows and the game
Ours was Monday. Goal was like 1.3 and someone heard from AP that the result was over 4. Got "company" today. Glad I'm off lol.
They’re upset at everything. That’s why I call them UpsetEra.
I do it. Shit’s gonna be 2 high on the shelf so why not?
I found individual ones from Walmart.com
I like when they bring a notebook to take notes during the CBLs. I wanna tell them that will probably never need to know most of the stuff they're writing down.
Some days are rough, some are pretty easy. Weekends are rough especially when you work 2nd shift by yourself both days. I close on Sunday night and open up Monday and Tuesday morning. Monday is usually pretty rough because when I "close" on Sunday I leave at 6 or 7pm and the meat wall is blown the fuck out when I come in at 4am Monday morning. Tuesday morning isn't bad because we have a closer that stays until 10pm. I come in at 12pm or 1pm on Thursdays and that's probably my easiest day. Meat department is usually slow that day so I spend most of the day in dairy doing stuff like binning backstock, throwing milk/eggs, organizing milk, cleaning the cooler, etc. and I'll touch up on the meat wall before and after lunch. The routine is much different between 1st and 2nd shift, at least for me. 1st shift: Come in, unload the truck if it's already on the dock, pull any out of date or CVP'd items that were left over from the day before, CVP anything that needs to be CVP'd, clean if the manager left cleaning notes. Then after that I work the bins because I usually can't fit the truck into the bins until I work them. Then after the bins are done I will start on the truck. I'll scan each item on the truck and print a label for it if it needs to go in the bins. If not, I will set it aside so I can put it out later. By the time the truck is through it's around 8 or 9am. Break time. After break I will CAP the bins. Then I like to start taking things out of the bins to put on 10 highs for later. Usually high sellers or items where there's only a couple left in the box. Then I go to lunch at 10 or 11am. After lunch I fill anything that was sold out of during lunch. Then I scan out and dump the throwaways and clock out. 2nd shift: Come in, make sure milk and eggs are filled first. NHM stores have meat combined with dairy and frozen so we gotta take care of milk and eggs too. Then I hop on over to meat. Do 2nd CVP if needed. Then either do pick on demand or do manual picks. I normally do manual picks because the damn system wants to pick things that we don't need. Once everything is done it's lunch time. After lunch I fill everything back up and maintain it until it's time to clock out. Now of course, I do get stopped to do other things like go help push carts or unload GM/HVDC/FDD, so my regular routine will get thrown off quite often.
I usually mow the yard (live with parents) on one of my days off but sometimes they want me to do it before or after work even though I'm off the next day and there's no rain in the forecast. So I don't mow the yard that day and decide to wait until the next day since I'm off. They come home and see the yard wasn't mowed, get mad about it and go do it themselves and they won't even speak to me for the rest of the day, or if they do, they'll be all salty about it. Like dang it's not gonna grow that much overnight. Plus we already have one of the best looking yards in the neighborhood. Our neighbors on both sides only cut their grass a 3-4 times over the summer. We do ours once a week.
I was the person that paid good attention to what they were saying, and always passed them. But nowadays I just start the video and play on my phone or just click through the slides until I get to the end. If I fail the assessment I just redo it until I pass. It's a good time killer.
Oh yeah I saved the answers to that one on my phone. I always got it wrong before.
I’m happy Marc won a championship.
Wow
Tonight’s been crazy
It wasn’t as big as the game but it was comparable to Velen or Skellige. Which is still great. Bigger than most games.
We always have just one person no matter what day it is. Someone calls in or goes on vacation? Department’s fucked for the rest of the day.
Same. They never replace anyone. We used to have 2 in the morning, 2 in the evening, and a mid-shift person. Now we’re gonna be down to me and a guy that only works 16-20 hours a week after next week. I work 2nd shift on his 3 days off and I work 1st the other 2 days.
The other officer wasn’t wearing a hat so I think he did.
ANOTHER WEDNESDAY EPISODE
Yeah
Good Samaritans
They’re not fucking with you.
Stop to breathe, Dan.
F
My fresh ASM tells me to ignore the schedule when it's wrong and to just come in at my regular time. Which is what I've been doing. In fact she tells me to ignore what other ASMs say so long as I'm doing what she wants me to do.
The caption of this on her instagram is incredibly awkward.
Those will get stolen too.
That’s gonna be my alarm on April 16th
Happy Father’s Day to my papi
Local CBS, local ABC, ion, and that’s pretty much it.
I just wear a hat
My store said it for a couple of weeks and the store nearest to me says the same thing on their receipts. It’s a glitch.
Ours just started enforcing it today. Automatic coaching if seen using a phone. Of course they can’t see me in the meat cooler so I’m good.
The 4 faces of Mt. Grizzmore :(
From the Cyberpunk 2077 48 minute gameplay video.
Someone was mean to him on the internet.
Lol I’ve done that before.
Holy shit
Looked like his light was just turning yellow when he was going through and the woman went right through the other light while it was still red.
OMG DAN
Nothing yet. I gotta leave for work in 20 minutes :(
Ironically, I work at a company that sells Cyberpunk 2077.
Official website has it listed under digital goodies.
I really want something smaller than my 7 plus so this is good.
That laugh sounds like my old ass lawnmower trying to start. EDIT: Thanks for the silver, kind stranger!
We got rid of Dish because the satellite went out even if there was a slight chance of rain.
One of the least unattractive girls we’ve seen in a while.
Terrible missed tackle
He wants to say “let’s take a quick break” so badly.
Reminds me of the “haven’t told anyone _____ in 8 minutes” meme.
It’s probably like 100 degrees there right now. I don’t blame him.
That car wasn’t a Sonata and not even red lol
Couldn’t tell if it was a Hyundai or a Toyota.
I knew that was gonna happen
Pee break finally!
Don’t be an unattractive female.
That’s how I pronounce mine lol
DEEZ NUTS LOL
Over 4000
I had Nacho fries for the first time today. Not bad.
So messed up he’s an A+ on a scale of 1-10.
Yeah it just started here too.
Most of my bingo squares are from the first couple of scenes tonight and I’m nowhere near a bingo :(
Saturdays
Winter looks so nice in NH
Happy cake day
Dental record what?
I’m assuming we’re all googling what is goo right now?
Sell the house
Damn she got BODIED
Thanks!
If these players were smart they would go to the White House and face the man himself and discuss their issues with him. They could propose things that would help their "communities" or whatever.
They won the world cup in 2015
Wow it’s completely gone.
I can’t be the only one thinking “holy shit it’s already been 10 years?”
Make sure you burn the chocolate icing like our deli/bakery does.
Ours is like that too. One of the pipes is leaking.
Tulsi was in the Army
It’s actually not. I did a speech in college on why it should be.
Gambler 8 was pretty easy for me. It only took me 66 minutes. Gambler 9 was tedious as hell though. It took me several days because I wouldn't be paying attention and would forget to quit the match before losing.
THAT DUCK HAS A FAMILY
Well they started out awful last season and apparently have this season as well.
#F
Mine is in the shop.
I get more birthday wishes on January 1st than I do my actual birthday LOL.
Yes
It was a real fantastic fucking idea to not have ANYBODY scheduled for the meat department for 2nd shift on the day before a fucking holiday. I came in at 4am this morning and our meat wall was almost completely empty all the way down. Took me til almost 11am to finish everything.
Watch Last Man Standing instead. It’s hilarious. Season 8 starts tomorrow night with 2 episodes. I miss the old Mandy though :(
Any police officers from NZ here? Asking for a friend...
Seriously. And also the meat rpcs. One of the guys in the department just throws them on top of each other without stacking them properly.
Do people actually use those buckets?
Wtf just happened lol
Haha one of them died
Titans up 14-13 with 2:19 left and the Patriots only have a timeout and 2 minute warning remaining. 1st down Titans.
It's pretty much over. Fresh set of downs for the Titans and I'm sure Henry will get another 1st.
Titans shouldn't have scored.
Man that was a great punt too. Wish this would end already so I can go back to Live PD.
Quit shingling the meat on the 10 highs 😅
I will stack just to pull the 10 highs out to the floor and then if I have anything left over I’ll reduce them to a single layer on the 10 high.
We were supposed to get ours (with green trim) today for like the 2nd month in a row. Still don’t have them yet lol.
Don’t believe that report. The person who originally reported that is some random screenwriter from HuffPo and Slate
Yes
We literally quit selling the crab legs because people kept stealing them. And were also told to not put out as many steaks. If I see anybody in the store go to the meat wall and put steaks in their cart with nothing else in it I will immediately go find AP or management, and usually they get caught.
She talks like she’s trying to keep her dentures from falling out.
That’a a neat idea. Maybe they could just make the complete forms monotype (electric, ice, water, dragon) so that the current ones would still have some use.
I rarely go to the main sub anymore.
You could’ve got one much sooner using surprise trade.
Literally all I’ve been getting is G-Max Appletun so I’ll trade you. I’m sick of seeing them pop up in raids lol.
I can trade now if you want
Nice
I’m part time and I have 40 hours that week. I’ve never worked a 40 hour week in my almost 6 years here. Last month I was only working 12-20 hour weeks.
Lol we were supposed to be doing some runway show thing at our store. Glad I got off before they did it the other day.
I had to go to work, sorry. It’ll be another 5 hours.
Yeah but Dexit, amirite?
Ehhhhhh I’ll pass, thanks.
Either this is an old pic or you really, REALLY need to check for out of dates.
With 1/512 odds I got a shiny after 11 eggs and another at around 400. I'm currently at around 100 on my next one and still going.
This is pretty easy. Waking Up. It was Dark on Me before that, though.
LSU can’t get past their own 5 yard line
Lol @ them trying to fan the ball
Time to mosey?
Any specifics on neighborhood markets? Will fresh still have a 50 cent/hr differential? Especially meat/dairy/frozen since they are combined.
Good game so far.
Lol I don’t even have family on my Facebook outside of my closest cousin.
Wooooow
LOL
DO WE POST HERE DURING HALFTIME OR IN THE 3RD QUARTER THREAD?
Probably west coast.
Yes!
I might. I need to replay the game so I can get another Zacian or 2 so I can trade one for Zamazenta so I can have a complete living dex. I don't really want to trade a shiny for one (at least not yet).
Can't til next year.
They don't want to compete with the NFL Playoffs. Or have a game in the middle of the week.
Definitely not a catch at that angle
Almost a pick.
We had them for the Cotton Bowl. They seemed to favor Penn State.
15 minutes away. More like an hour or more lol
OH MY
Absolutely ball game there.
Damn y’all respect us more than the AP
OMG
This guy is only a rookie
This has popped up pretty much every week I log in over the last month or so. It might even be more frequent than weekly, IDK.
Those cargo pants (2nd from the left) are pretty much the only pants I wear to work. I have several pairs but I'm sure people think I'm wearing the same exact ones every day lol. I wear them maybe twice before washing. Maybe a 3rd time if I worked a short day.
Lol @ scissoring incident Oh god it’s 2 women as well
Only catching the 1st hour tonight, gotta go to work at 3am in about 7 hours 😭
Nice
I mean they're nice either way...
I'm off today but I'll be with ya'll in spirit.
We got one in the other day. I make sure to get it as soon as I clock in so nobody else can. It's not really much different as far as I can tell. Maybe just a little faster and it makes different sounds.
Well first you want to stealth deathblow him, so once the fight starts you need to run away so he'll just stop and most likely stand on the stairs. Sneak behind him and deathblow. Then throw some oil on him and use the flame vent. While he's freaking out start swinging at him and get ready for him to attack back. The more damage you do the slower his posture will recover, so just take a couple swings when you can, and then move back. Rinse/repeat. Don't let him grab you or kick you.
Woof
I am so confused.
Yeah. As a Cowboys fan we don’t like the 49ers but I’m trolling some of my coworkers who are Packers fans right now while we’re at work. So yeah go 49ers.
We need 5 more points from Brooks and we’ll be alright.
Yeah if they're already voting straight party lines on stuff like this then it's pretty much a wrap.
Fuck off Juan Williams
Would not pull out
Yes
Lol what?
We haven’t scored since I turned the game on so I’m changing the channel bye
Hey deli people, please come get your fucking rotisseries out of the meat cooler. I will not bring them to you.
Are you going to be stocking the frozen/dairy departments or doing meat?
Lol @ “pack out”, they tell us to pack out the shit that needs sell by dates because any random associate can go grab some boxes of chicken or turkey. Our 2nd shift usually doesn’t come in until 4 or 5pm so there’s always a gap of 3 hours minimum between 1st and 2nd shift.
That’s OBW, 2 high except roasts.
Super Bowl and Valentine's Day are key dates at my store.
Wonder if they’re gonna bring up the thing from ABC news
Saturday, Monday, and Tuesday I think.
They're only expected to go for about 2 hours tomorrow since it's a Saturday and not many people will be watching. I say fuck the audience and go all day. We aren't the ones voting in this trial.
Is this pencil neck bitch about to cry? Lol.
It's dropped off a bit every day so far.
Ballsy move. I know people that would probably do it too.
Of course. And then the media will just be saying how they didn't have much of a defense (since they won't be taking their full 24 hours).
Not her again...
The person that wrote the article worked for the Ted Cruz presidential campaign so she represents a very very small percentage of CNN.
Pretty much the final hour now.
Hypothetical here: if he was convicted, who would you want Pence to appoint as VP? Can’t say Trump either.
I'll be honest. He doesn't *sound* as awful like some of these other people have. At least his voice isn't annoying, as much as I can't stand the guy...
I'm hearing that they will be going on the offensive rather than rebutting.
That dude literally could’ve just died doing that.
I like their uniforms
That grey and red are a good combo
“Oh, are we in your way?” YEAH BITCH I’VE ALREADY SAID EXCUSE ME THREE TIMES. And then when you go to bring out the next pallet, they're still standing there and they have to move again.
Lol what? We sell out of 2% more than anything else.
Gonna rewatch the first few minutes so I can see the dumbass run up on those cops again.
That’s because the Chiefs are gonna clap the 49ers
"I want the one 3rd from the top on the right side."
I want a camera on Schiff's face.
Schiff has a JD from Harvard.
He’s got quite the resume. A.B., Yale; J.D., Harvard; Deputy Assistant AG under Bush admin; clerked for SCOTUS Justice Thomas, and he’s with Kirkland &amp; Ellis which is one of the top law firms in the world.
Oh man it’s that bitch?
Pakistan
Hoes getting hosed
The guy had work ethic. First one in the gym and the last one to leave.
Some reports are saying his daughters were on board too. Not sure which ones are correct.
Yeah I edited my post. I was reading different ones but the ones with his daughters were the more recent ones. So who knows right now until a more official confirmation.
81
Man, Aberration was pretty hard at first. I died probably 20 times before finally getting a decent base set up. I set it by one of the waterfalls overlooking the "blue" area. Set up some ziplines and made some climbing hooks and had easy access to that area and an easy way back out. Of course once I got a rock drake it made everything much easier.
2 minutes til tip-off
He was so mad. “Get your facts straight.”
They actually didn’t.
Oh man it’s this guy again. He was really good the other day.
Day 1 was the taking of the oath and stuff like that. Day 2 was the debate on the rules. Days 3-5 were house managers presenting. Days 6-8 will be the Trump defense team presenting.
Some of the house managers were lawyers in their previous careers I think.
That one sub thinks they know more about law than them lol
Bidens about to get #rekt
IS THIS IT???
I was too except for dog.
Should’ve said there will be a quiz tomorrow
Yep. If you can get past all the damn spinos and crabs you’re home free.
A little too pricey for the 12 months but the premium version does have some nice features. Might just get it for a month and go ahead and transfer my stuff.
We had someone who was putting the weight in the physical total spot a few months ago which caused us to not get chicken for about 5 days.
Haven’t even been open for half an hour yet and all of our steaks on the meat wall have already been stolen.
Just got home from work. Cliff notes so far?
Philbin shouldn’t even bother sitting down lol
Has anyone asked a question to the opposing side yet?
Go to cspan
No and no
I THEND A QUETHTION TO THE DETHK
He just named like half of the senators lol
Convenience store brand Obama
I cut my OT during lunch today and ended up having to stay late to unload a grocery truck since the truck decides to come in at fucking 12:50 and everyone leaves at 1pm and there are no mid shifters today. Guess I’m getting OT lol
Lol yeah
This guy sounds New York AF
And you know he got out and walked into the store just fine.
Philbin's like "finally a break".
How the fuck did they manage to get that whole question on that card?
Yes
Adjourned til tomorrow
Me and my dad were going to go but he doesn't really want to go to and from Memphis at night and I gotta get up for work in the morning. Maybe next time they come to Landers.
Lol of course the woman from Oregon was gonna be a liberal hack.
69 years old? Nice.
Sekulow yielded
2 minutes and I (my alt account) am already at -50 and counting.
I hope they tease some of the returning Pokémon.
More. Like new forms and stuff too.
Added IGN Eric Hoping to finally use that master ball I got from the lottery
Code doesn’t work
👍
I thought 2016-2019 were great. It's just 2020 that has sucked.
I’m almost to 1,000 eggs. Taking a break for a few days.
The first shiny I hatched (G. Darumaka) was after 10 or 11 eggs. Then the 2nd (Jangmo-o) was around 450. Now this is my 3rd attempt.
I’m off today but I did get the notification.
Well if you work in fresh, at least at night, you don't really have managers harassing you your whole shift, which is nice especially when there's not as much to do. Hide in the cooler for a while to get away from people.
Our ops manager said yesterday we get paid if we leave early. Not sure if it's true or not. Maybe the PL will just fix our clock out times.
I tend to pick the water starter first but I actually went with Fennekin that gen.
I was almost at 1,000 eggs but now I gotta start over so I can try to get that hidden ability. Was always hatching 5 or 6IV too.
Lol yep. "Hey can you run the baler for him?" even though a manager is 5 feet away.
FDD and MP didn’t show up until around 10-11am and all the leads and ATs were in their virtual classes so they were even more useless than usual and left like 3 people to do meat, produce, dairy, and frozen in the last 4 hours of the day. Didn't finish dairy.
Yes
You’re late.
Our no truck days have been Monday and Wednesday for as long as I’ve worked at my store, for 6 years.
I hatched a non-HA Sobble after around 1000 eggs. I’m in a love/hate relationship with the thing.
Our market is back to “normal” hours, meaning close at 8:30pm, except everyone has to be out of the store by 9pm.
Y’all haven’t ordered the new ones that are MUCH better yet?
Ours has literally none because nobody turns them in. The biggest culprits are produce and deli. They hide TCs and printers in boxes in their departments.
Yeah. That's the thing. We HAD our own TCs and it was working for a while, but then they made those slots only available to DMs and management, so now the rest of the TCs are a free-for-all and people don't turn their shit in at the end of the day because they're afraid they won't be able to get one the next day so they hide them and then the next shift doesn't have any to use because the previous shift hid them.
Lol we just got a 3rd no truck day starting today (backstock day tomorrow). We need it badly too because we have multiple carts of backstock that can't fit into the bins in both the cooler and freezer.
Hulbury
I don’t think we know of an exact time of release
Aron line most of all.
There’s a ton of them in SWSH and there’s even more coming in the expansions.
My final team (main menu team): * Inteleon * Boltund * Polteageist * Coalossal * Copperajah * Frosmoth I also used Corviknight, Eldegoss, Toxtricity, and Sirfetch'd for a large part of the game. I rotated stuff in and out so over-leveling wouldn't become an issue.
My choice was Venusaur and it was pretty easy, tbh. Blastoise is just kinda boring and I'm so sick of seeing fucking Charizard that I couldn't vote for it either. I do like the mega Charizards though.
Staraptor. I had a shiny one from Platinum and forgot to transfer it up before starting a new game. :(
RIP David Dorn.
1. Yes 2. https://www.serebii.net/pokedex-swsh/eevee/
Omega Ruby, nice!
I called in once for a 4-hour shift that I didn't feel like working and that's it. We have people at my store who call in multiple times a week. Like 3-4 times.
F
Seriously. I traded my shiny Tympole from White and had no idea the shiny Seismitoad would look like that.
At least we got the PS5 event today.
Make sure your punches were recorded correctly and then lawyer up lol
The sound of that engine is making my ears cum
I had around 1,000 and I got Sobble with Torrent :(
I'm pretty sure ME1 killed one of my video cards. I bought it in 2010 and while I was on the Citadel I started getting massive slowdowns while playing. Turns out my GPU was heating up to over 100C. I was having no issues until I started playing ME1.
I'd like for the trilogy to have consistent gameplay throughout. I know it won't happen but it'd be nice if ME1 (mainly) and ME2 played like ME3.
At my store we have 1 in frozen, 1-3 in dairy, 1 in meat, like 5 in produce, and I don’t really pay attention to how many the deli has. It’s usually 3+ I think.
Same. I think my starter is low 70s and the rest are mid-upper 60s.
I came in when 1st shift was leaving yesterday and there wasn't a single TC70 in the equipment locker. I'm pretty sure some people stick them in their own lockers or even take them home.
I know that feeling. Took me around 990 eggs for a Sobble and it wasn't HA.
Watch me. Fuck Bernie.
The game isn’t that long so I don’t see why not. I started a playthrough on Friday and finished Monday night, and that’s with me working 8 hours on Saturday/Sunday.
Multiple sources on Twitter are saying it's gonna be an 11 minute video regarding the SW/SH expansion pass. It is kinda strange having an 11 minute video on something that's being half-released tomorrow.
Serebii is saying that it's not just gonna be expansion pass so I guess there will be some kind of spinoff announcement too.
As soon as you get access to the Wild Area
In Europe it’s 20 years.
They had 3 weeks to fix my schedule so no I’m not coming in on my day off (although it’s an extra day off this week). Shouldn’t have let 2 people from our already understaffed department go on vacation at the same time. Pull 1 of the 5 associates from produce for fucks sake.
Was that battle vs Brendan/May really that hard? I don’t remember.
Xerneas only “solid” lol
Cry because I’ll be at work.
On the bright side though I get off at 1pm so at least I’ll still have a good bit of the day left to play.
OMG I CAN TRANSFER MY SHINY SCYTHER
Gen 4 remakes will probably come. It's too early for them, not too late. If the pattern holds, we'll get gen 4 remakes on the Switch in gen 8. The first generation on a new console always has remakes.
I brought my championship team but I’m replacing them with a “new” Pokémon when I find one I want.
I'd get one of the Ultra versions. I don't think the story is as good, and they changed a couple characters dialogue and stuff from Sun/Moon but the extra content makes the Ultra games better.
There’s more rope/cable in a later area and I wish I could go back to see if I could wrap it around Dina lol
Well I don't have management riding my ass all afternoon like I do when I work morning shift. Sure afternoons are busier but I tend to get left alone at night and still get done what I need to get done.
Don't turn too fast or you'll drift. It's fun tho.
I wish they’d at least put in all the Alola Pokémon since they’re only available in 1 other generation.
Lol you got fucked UP
I started the books 8 years ago thinking "I can be done reading them by the time TWoW releases!" It took me like 8 months to read them all because I was trying to take it slowly so I wouldn't have much time to wait in-between ADWD and TWOW.
I straight up ran through that section of the game after trying (and failing badly) to kill all the infected multiple times. I already had almost no ammo so I said fuck it and bee-lined my way to the end.
It came out of nowhere.
Lol I've pulled a pallet down before and it had a TC70 on top of it.
I've been at my store in the state for 6 years and have never seen one.
Lord knows I’d smash
It dawned on me a couple minutes in that it would most likely be Tommy. Dude is fucking mean with that sniper rifle.
I used smoke bombs once and that was by accident. I meant to use the trip mines. As for the guns/bows, I didn't use the bolt action that much because it was too loud and I stealthed as much as I could, really only using it once I was caught. I do like the gun though. My favorite weapon overall is Ellie's bow. I like Abby's hunting pistol too, mainly for those bulkier enemies.
I emptied my assault rifle into him when I played the game.
The sniper section with Henry and Sam. It physically hurt me watching how many shots she was missing.
Our one person got bitched at for leaving to take a pee break the other day.
I haven’t played anything since I beat the game Wednesday.
Yeah but not from enemies since no enemies use the SMG until Santa Barbara. Should be on shelves and in drawers.
I just got past the same point. Can’t wait to see what’s ahead.
