How the fuck are there 3 flames on the pacific and yet no draisaitl, who is 23rd in points (which is above monahan) and having a career year?
That'll be a dope line, with Doughty maybe
Exactly. It's not that I'm salty the flames have 3 players, but draisaitl is simply a better player than Monahan and tkachuk. I understand tkachuk is having a fantastic year though so that doesn't really bother me.
&gt; I honestly thought McDavid would be miles better than the whole league, he is undoubtedly one of the best players in the league, No, McDavid is undoubtedly *the best* in the league, and if anyone tells you otherwise they are either ignorant or refuse to pass the reign from Crosby.
&gt; Time will tell my friend. Sure. I still think Drai should be on the team over Monahan.
Not really. It's just illogical.
That's a Pilot Metropolitan with a fine tip, in case anyone was wondering.
I've said it before and I'll say it again: If you are not confident in your driving ability or your vehicle, stay off the roads when the conditions are shit. You are making it more dangerous for everyone else.
Thanks for the advice!
Awesome, thanks
Thank you!
Thanks!
Thank you!
Wayne Gretzky is alternate governor for the Oilers, that's interesting.
This will be interesting, let's see if the team falls apart without their superstar captain.
Motherfuckers forgot about Drai
I'm sure it'll be Drai
It's nothing personal, but sometimes /r/hockey acts like we're nothing without our captain. Don't get me wrong, he's a huge part of the team, but I also hate the circlejerk.
Not to mention superstar Alex Chiasson
When I pick up more notebooks for next semester I'll keep Stalogy in mind ;) The only problem is it seems to be fairly expensive on Amazon where I'm from (Canada).
I like that looch stepped up tonight knowing the boys need a leader
Lol at all the people shitting on kass when clearly that was a horrible call
Do nothing...?
fuck you buddy
Good idea!
Yup, that’s interference
I would say no goal and no penalty is fair
Not gonna lie if we score here I’d be chapped if I was a blues fan
He's past his prime but still a top 5 player in the league. Gotta give him props, he's an incredible player.
McDavid is objectively better. Arguments can be made for Mackinnon and Kuch right now too.
You honestly can't believe all the NHL players who play against these guys on a regular basis that voted McDavid as the best player in the league 2 years in a row? Wow, that's pretty arrogant of you.
Sure. But i'll go with the back to back Art Ross and Ted Lyndsey winner. But like I said, Crosby is an incredible player.
I can respect the opinion of someone who thinks Crosby is better, but ~~in my mind~~, yes, McDavid is objectively better. Crosby has held the mantle of best player for years, so I understand how difficult it is for Pens fans to admit he's not #1 anymore. Makes you wonder at what point it was passed from Gretz to Mario.
Right. Nothing you do can convince me Crosby is better than McDavid, because he's not, but I acknowledge that it's hard for some Pens fans to admit McDavid has surpassed him, and that no facts, like how McDavid has been voted the best player in the league by his NHL colleagues the past 2 years will change that.
I know exactly what it means. McDavid is objectively better, and anyone who says otherwise is either ignorant or a Pens fan.
&gt; not a liability defensively. Anyone who watches Oilers games knows he's actually *good* defensively.
Pens fans and still believing Crosby is #1
And those people would be wrong lol.
Ah, there's the willful ignorance. Go back and read my comments better.
&gt; You can't say someone's opinion is wrong. Are you a fucking idiot? Of course someone's opinion can be wrong. "It is in my opinion that Hitler was the best leader in the history of the world." Please, go ahead and defend that.
&gt; Crosby might still be number one What the fuck does that even mean? You don't even fucking know what you think.
"eat my fucking ass"
Fuck you
That's what I thought.
Yup, totally.
Thanks!
Your source is over a year old. And being the most difficult player to play against, or the best role model/team player is not the same as "best player in the league." The Ted Lyndsay award is defined as: "awarded annually to the National Hockey League's most outstanding player in the regular season as judged by the members of the NHL Players Association." [Source.](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ted_Lindsay_Award) McDavid has won this award the two most recent seasons, the last time being about 6 months ago. Thank's for responding with a solid argument.
Nice, I love a good ad hominem attack. Mind if I use this as a copy pasta?
I mean Gretzky still won the award more than anyone else in history, and yeah, near the end of his career he wasn't the best player in the league anymore. Wayne is also the GOAT so dragging him into any of these modern comparisons is a little unfair imo.
&gt; Conn Smythe in back to back seasons. That was 2 seasons ago, where yeah I'd probably agree he was the best in the league or at the very least debatable. The Conn Smythe is not the Ted Lyndsay though, and sometimes it's a popularity contest. A lot of people think Malkin should've won it for example, or Kuzy this year when Ovi won. &gt; Hasn’t missed the playoffs since his rookie year while McDavid can’t will his team to anything. Team comparisons will get you nowhere when comparing players. Put McDavid on the Pens and Crosby on the Oilers and I'd love to see how far each time would go. &gt;Plays on a line with scrubs while McDavid skates with Drai Guentzel ain't a scrub lol. And that comparison is meaningless, Crosby and McDavid are two completely different types of players and thus will need different types of linemates. &gt;McDavid can’t produce on the power play either. Congratulations, you pointed out how the Oilers powerplay sucks. Wouldn't it be amazing how many points McDavid would get if we actually had a decent PP? His 5v5 production is already insane.
I guess Gretzky is still the best player in the league because of how many awards he has. Oh wait, time is a thing.
A Pens fan not acknowledging how lucky they got in getting a second generational talent and competent management? Strange...
It's called the Ted Lyndsay award. &gt;The Ted Lindsay Award, formerly known as the Lester B. Pearson Award, is awarded annually to the National Hockey League's most outstanding player in the regular season as judged by the members of the NHL Players Association. -https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ted_Lindsay_Award Or we could just ask Sid: https://www.cbc.ca/sports/hockey/nhl/crosby-mcdavid-nhl-best-player-1.4868191
I'm not talking about player polls, I'm talking about the Ted Lindsay award.
Getting sick of people complaining about Talbot for every single thing.
^ Something someone with little to no knowledge of economics would say. No, Marx doesn't count.
&gt; You could put a reel like that together for almost all the best players in the league Then do it and put your money where your mouth is. You have 0 evidence to support your argument right now.
Just switched to an XS from an S8 and couldn’t be fucking happier. I have friends who have done the same. It’s almost like anecdotes don’t mean anything.
Yup, just switched when the Xs came out 2 months ago. Also had an 6 plus before having my S8 for a year and a half. I really don’t give a fuck if you don’t believe me or whatever, but just because you like androids better sure as shit doesn’t mean everyone feels the same way.
Flames fans are particularly douchy.
Ah man, thanks for reminding me of the time Looch beat the shit outta Tanner Glass in the Flames barn. Good times. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5buDJSJRl0g
I agree Ducks fans suck. But take a look at /r/calgaryflames and then /r/edmontonoilers. If you can't admit that the Flames fans are absolutely obsessed with shitting on the Oilers then you're lying to yourself.
TIL Hall is a sniper
&gt; But McDavid is like Crosby in that he can do anything you need him to, he can score 40+ goals whenever he wants, and if he was with Hall who can also score 40+, either of them can be the one to shoot the puck, plus the fact that they’re both fast And yet there's a reason Crosby doesn't have 2 elite players as linemates.
&gt; I'd imagine a lot of that stems from the strict moderation on /r/EdmontonOilers. Shitposts (of which there is little no moderation in /r/CalgaryFlames) are not tolerated in the Oilers subreddit. True, but even looking at the game threads of each team tells a different story. As a sidenote I really hope the moderation lessens its tight grip on this sub. I'm a bit jealous of the memes in your sub. Don't get me wrong, Oilers fans loathe the Flames, but in my particular experience the Flames fans are much more hostile and vocal about it.
Everything except that
“We don’t like these guys” -Connor McDavid
Can I get a fuck Tim Peele?
So we won’t get to see it tonight I guess, darn
Show the fucking replay don’t cut to commercial
I love Ten Inchcock
Salty about that loss last night, hey?
Don't drag Hitch or Tmac into this, they did nothing wrong. I would be fine if chia was fired but him hiring Hitch has been one of the smartest things he's done all year (the others being signing Koskinen and Chiasson)
It'll definitely be interesting what happens after this season. If the Oilers make the playoffs I definitely hope Hitch considers resigning, but he is getting old.
Wouldn't be surprised if this gets little to no attention on /r/hockey, it counters the circlejerk.
You mean to tell me a professional sports team *wasn't* out partying everyday until 4am? *Well I never....*
If it were completely true than Nuge wouldn't be so direct with his answer. He flat out refuted out, he didn't play it down or anything. I'm not saying Ference is lying either - there's a difference between lying and exaggerating.
Let’s not
@me today and tomorrow
Not a lot of Avs flairs in this thread
Let us have this jerk
Shitty call
Nobody expected Mikko Koskinen to be this fucking good. 6-0-0 at home, second in the league in shutouts, second in the league in save percentage.
&gt; It's comments like this which make me want to raise taxes on students (even tax those who make no income) lol tf is wrong with you?
It's stupid is the problem
If you think lucic is even close to being the worst player on the oilers you’re a fucking idiot
How the fuck is that not a penalty
Make up call
All the missed calls on the oilers
Lol good one
Our Finn &gt; your Finn
We’re in a playoff spot dingus
LOL
Yeah what a weird thing to say on a thread about a mans death. He's getting upvotes too, which is kinda pathetic.
Drai is the most handsome player in the league don’t @me *no homo
Awful power play
Yes, Edmonton is a good team.
This thread is super salty and I love it
&gt; People are complaining about illegal immigration and filling our country with sub 65 IQ people from cultures which are incompatible with ours. Lol I'd like to see some sources on all these illegal immigrants apparently flowing over our border. Canadian Trump supporters are truly moronic.
"Other countries are worse so let's not do anything"
Still rather have McDavid tbh, generational talents are more rare than good contracts lol
I love Drai too bud but you said his name twice lol
Good, I prefer my journalists know what they're talking about. Can't wait to hear all the fake bullshit from rebel and Fox News
Well then you're welcome Philly
&gt; Manhattan Manhattan is only 1.6 million people folks. Canada has 37.
Our power play sucks ass
Blues fans don’t know that it’s the players who determine if it was an offside, not the puck.
It means the refs made the correct call.
Meh, their Donair pizza is good
You can’t fucking cross check a guy in the head and not expect retaliation.
They do it every time we lose man
Yup. You can't crosscheck a guy in the face and not expect retaliation, especially when the refs did nothing.
&gt; But when you protest literally anything in such a way that it doesn't inconvenience people, precisely zero people care. Right, and now people care in a way that hurts their cause.
...What?
Lol fuck you. It is my ACTUAL livelihood to get home without being stuck in traffic for 3 hours thanks to these assholes. I don't give a fuck if you think I'm whining and bitching. I support the pipeline for the record. I don't support redneck fucks like you who don't seem to have an ounce of intellegence in their body.
Bench Lucic? One of the only guys that consistently puts heart and effort into his game? This circlejerk is insane.
I've seen McDavid Erie Otters jerseys at Oilers games and those are pretty dope imo
Klef-Larsson might be the most underrated pairing in the league
Arguing with someone like you is impossible. Literally ignoring the facts because it doesn't fit with your narrative.
No, and anyone who legitimately believes this is an idiot. https://www.snopes.com/fact-check/justin-trudeau-is-fidel-castros-love-child/ &gt;There is no reason to think, or evidence to support the notion, that Margaret Trudeau met Castro before 1971, and there is no plausible circumstance during which a meeting between Fidel Castro and Margaret Trudeau could have occurred during the biologically necessary time that accommodates their known public schedules. Even the original poster of the reddit thread seemed to cede this point: &gt;There are still some timeline issues – anything that would place them together around the time of conception would seal the deal, but I’m confident in what I’ve found so far. &gt;That would be an understatement. The most plausible explanation remains that, soon after marrying, honeymooning, and moving in together after years of keeping their relationship secret, Pierre and Margaret Trudeau had sex and created a child who would one day become another Canadian prime minister.
Yeah you're right, Trudeau is a perfect clone of Fidel. https://ichef.bbci.co.uk/images/ic/720x405/p04j14q0.jpg See how posting a photo doesn't help your case at all and ends up making you look like an idiot?
Did you even bother to google that or did you pull it out of your ass? Source please.
The lightning getting away with a lot this game.
Only 20% in Vegas? When I went last year to see the oilers play it was probably ~40% Oilers fans and our fanbase isn’t nearly as big as the Leafs. Although tbf Albertans love going to Vegas.
“Practically all of canada” Lol fuck off.
&gt; Canada has unemployment, healthcare and racial issues. Canada does not have unemployment issues or healthcare issues. Canada has racial issues pertaining to First Nations, but not to the extent America does with Black people.
&gt; plenty more opportunity to succeed Not true. Social mobility in Canada is much higher. Quality of life is higher in Canada as well, and median income is about the same.
I know it’s probably not going to happen but i feel like Draisaitl should get the opportunity. He’s 16th in league scoring and the oilers are (barely) in a playoff spot.
Y’all are delusional
Alright, let’s make it so the best player in each division is named captain.
Trust me this guy was worse with us than Åberg. Completely unnoticeable on the ice.
That’s true, and I wish him all the best, but I didn’t see much potential.
I feel bad for people who live in Florida
A city famous for misery? Sounds like an ignorant American all right
I take it you’ve never heard of Winnipeg, or that all those expats have never actually *been* to Edmonton
Wtf sportsnet
That was a solid check idk why sharks fans are so pissy
Yep
^ salty flames fan
Oh look another missed call
This is the stupidest fucking thing I’ve ever read. If you’re not an oilers fan then get rid of the flair dipshit.
Nothing /r/hockey likes better than shitting on the oilers. At least there’s sympathy for Sens fans, people treat us like we deserve it or something.
Man fuck /r/hockey, what a circlejerky piece of shit.
Yeah, so? It's funny.
&gt; Why is it all the downvoted posts tend to be bad faith arguments put forward not by /r/Alberta regulars, but regulars of metacanada or T_D? That's not true. I do not post on metacanada or T_D (I'm not conservative), but I have been downvoted for claiming raising the minimum wage to $15/hr is bad, even linking economic studies to support my claim. I voted NDP, but to act like this sub isn't a pro-NDP echo chamber is outrageous.
I dunno. Sometimes it feels like this sub is /r/NDP, not /r/Alberta. I would definitely appreciate more diverse opinions in this place. But no, it’s not as bad as the_donald or metacanada.
I absolutely agree min wage should’ve gone up, but $15 is too high.
No, outrageous is correct. This subreddit is so obviously pro-NDP that to suggest otherwise is outrageous.
Cousins is the biggest crybaby in the NBA
Yeah I felt like this for a while last year. Honestly just went away with time.
They use elastics now a days, at least for the jaw surgery I’m getting soon. You can open your mouth a little at least.
Orthognathic (due to a TMJ problem), I suppose it's probably different compared to traumatic events. I'm also in Canada, if that makes a difference.
Oh okay, interesting.
But their iced caps tho
[Credit Jeff Szucsik](https://www.instagram.com/jefrosonic/?hl=en)
you stole this info from my post didn’t you lol
It’s actually hot in the summer, and not as bad as most think in the winter.
You can still take 114 at macewan, the course is still accepted for applications it’s just not offered at u of a anymore.
This isn’t an opinion based issue. You’re just wrong. It’d be like me claiming, “in my opinion, the country of Finland doesn’t exist.”
Just because al gore and aoc are alarmist does not mean it doesn’t exist. They’re not climate scientists anyway. If you’re going to claim humans have not contributed to climate change then I’m sure we’d all appreciate some peer reviewed sources.
Seriously, if you think you're gonna spiral downwards, go see a therapist. No one will judge you for that.
&gt; This is disingenuous. Academia has been politicized (liberal) for years now. If climate change was so bad then De Grasse Tyson wouldnt be flying on a private plane as with Suzuki. I can see that this conversation will go nowhere.
Sure, but Draisaitl is also better than Skinner.
Drai didn't sign at 27 tho
Yep
I’m from Edmonton which is over 30% and we’re doing good too.
This. Edmonton has been building a ton of condos and houses and our housing is incredibly affordable. Also one of the fastest growing cities in the country.
*A bit* of a rat whose misbehaved *somewhat*? Are we talking about the same Marchand here?
Not sure about Nicholson, but Tom Anselmi seems like an okay hire. Was president of the corporation that owns the Leafs, Raptors, Toronto FC, etc. for awhile.
Sounds like a demotion if anything for Bob.
Bobby is not part of the OBC lmao
How does increasing inventory spike apartment rent? I think you got your demand and supply curves backwards.
&gt; You can build all of the luxury housing you want, as long as landlords are incentivized to chase whoever can give them a bigger payday, true housing affordability will never exist. It seems like you’re assuming there’s an unlimited demand for luxury housing
Hell Yes. If anyone's never been to Uniqlo, they have high quality basics for decent prices. Really recommend it. edit. been confirmed on the Malls website: http://www.wem.ca/
Yeah that’d be nice. Went to one in New York and it was really cool.
Nope
I mean, Edmonton also has one the of the largest urban parks in the world, which is pretty unique. Not many cities have a completely untouched beautiful river valley running through them.
Lol here in Edmonton the worst drivers are usually from BC
Probably not tbh. I'd wait to buy a jacket in Edmonton.
That video will never not make me laugh
It’s the worst when you got headphones in and take em out to see what this random person wants and they start spouting out this shit. Happened to me twice in one day during finals once.
Sure seems to be working to me.
Nah. Give me a Julios bulldog over a "good margarita" any day.
&gt;However, if the goal of to end homelessness (this is a justified goal, for the record) a housing market cannot do that. Rather, housing must be socially owned and distributed through primarily central planning. This but ironically
Why would Liberals want to become more like Bernie Sanders? We'd all flock to the NDP if we wanted that.
Edmonton Johnny Bucyk - Mark Messier - Jarome Iginla Scott Niedermayer - Dion Phaneuf Kelly Hrudey Couldn't think of any goalies so had to look it up.
Hey, the keg has good steaks. Probably not as good as rge rd, but the best of all the franchises imo
For sure, but it’s weird that people on this sub act like their steaks suck or something.
&gt; Honestly it was the people and overall feel to the city. I feel you. The vibe of the city is incredibly important to my opinion of it.
&gt; Edmonton is a league of its own You work all over Western Canada and yet apparently have never been to Vancouver, lmao. East hastings is the shittiest part of the country, by far. Not even close to anything in Edmonton.
Bro we have by far the most cups in the division. Y’all are the joke.
No, but it’ll certainly help secure a few seats from moderate Albertans. I could see a few Edmonton seats and a Calgary seat going liberal again.
Wow, a salty flames fan shows up. I woulda thought you guys would still be cowering in shame from your playoff performance. And you don’t even have the balls to show your flair lmao.
Yeah McDavid, drai, Bouchard, klefbom, nuge, hall, were all massive busts.
Bruh moment
I think Pierre McGuire speculated he could go top 10 tho
&gt; Why the hell do people use macbooks? Apple is absolutely overpriced trash garbage. Nah. Macbook is the best laptop I've ever used, I switched from a Surface and don't regret it. Let people enjoy what they want.
Go to an Apple store and play around with a Mac, then go to the Microsoft store and play around with a few of their laptops, then you can decide what you prefer.
Yeah because specs is the only thing that matters lmao. What other laptops have the same build quality? Look as good? Have osX? Works perfectly with my iPhone? Can last as long? Doesn’t lag? Fantastic screen? Great trackpad? Look up benchmark tests and the MacBook is on top anyway. Specs don’t matter much when apple controls both the hardware and software and can optimize better than dell, acer, etc. ever could. https://www.pcmag.com/roundup/360470/the-fastest-laptops Now shut the fuck up and let people enjoy what they like.
Yakupov was a bust but not because of us. He failed with other teams too. Nuge and Klef certainly aint busts, don't know who Plante is. Clearly you don't follow the Oilers very closely.
&gt; Wow yeah this vigorous defense of corportations shows how truly commited you are to helping the poor and downtrodden. Bruh take an econ class
&gt; Why the **hell** do people use macbooks? I know you're a troll but the hypocrisy is hilarious.
But Edmonton has one. Reread the Twitter thread.
This mans as nervous as I would be
Uh no
Hahahahahah
Lmao strategically placing PK in the shot
Yuck
The fuck is wrong with bettman
Buddy looks exactly like I would if I just hugged her
That would be interesting. I’d have to hate the team for half the year and love it the other half.
Good one
Daryl Katz son confirmed sighting
Lol is that Wayne
Canucks greats? What about mark messier?
Finnish accents are the funniest to me
Nah
As an oilers fan I’m fucking stoked
Good one
Sure bud
Damn dude you must think you’re hilarious
Good pick, glad he fell to us.
We should encourage adding density to our central neighbourhoods through upzoning and development deregulation. Make it easier for developers to build downtown, oliver, strathcona, etc.
No one defends that we sucked for most of the last decade, we just get tired of fans of other teams constantly reminding us by making the same tired, shitty jokes. It's even worse when it comes from fans of teams that haven't even won a playoff series in 15 years. At least we made the finals since then.
Bruh it's been 4 years we did stop fucking it up
&gt; Or even better &gt; &gt; The leafs win a playoff round vs Edmonton not finishing last &gt; &gt; Tough call. Could go either way Well, we already won then. Take a look at the standings.
&gt; the only team to lose to the Ducks in a game 7 in Anaheim this decade Better than being swept by them, I suppose. How long was that losing streak at Honda center again?
Edmonton has the problem of unlimited space. Vancouver, Toronto, Montreal were forced to densify because they couldn’t sprawl out like Edmonton, Calgary and Ottawa, so we need to add extra incentives.
&gt; We were one game away from the western conference final? So were the Oilers. Shit changes, quick.
?
Beautiful watch. I'm heading to the Amalfi Coast in a few weeks, any recommendations?
&gt; Before I put in what is almost certainly a shit ton of effort: Will it actually matter to how you think on this subject if it's a majority or at least a substantial minority (say, 25-40%)? If it's above 50% I'd be incredibly surprised. Not sure if you'd be able to find a list of all the corporations that march in pride though, I imagine it's quite extensive. &gt;Edit: also, because I'm curious: is it in any way acceptable under this neoliberal view of companies at pride for me to oppose specific companies at pride? &gt;Like am I a frothing utopian if I don't want Chic-fil-a marching in my city's pride parade and I actively oppose it, or is that acceptable? Eh. Chic-fil-a may be an exception due to the amount of controversy surrounding them, and the fact that they've continued to donate to organizations that oppose LGBT even after receiving criticism. I just find it stupid when people (leftists) assume *every* corporation is hypocritical and shouldn't march in pride.
Awesome, thank you
Depends how much I'm paying. For &gt;$15 a meal I prefer traditional style (5 guys is the exception). I also don't tip when ordering non-traditional style, even if the option is forced upon me when paying.
Meh. Companies that donate to the GOP aren't doing it because they're trying to force some Christian agenda, they're doing it to lobby for their interests. There's a difference between that and, for example, Chic-fil-a intentionally donating to religious groups that openly advocate anti-LGBT principles.
Thank you, I appreciate it!
Bruh that’s the same sub
Well, according to the article, you’d be wrong
Ah, the very same views that would’ve been *for* segregation in the 60s lmao
Jeez that is awful
&gt;Even if economics were a hard science (it's not), setting something like the corporate tax rate would still involve value judgments about the desirability of certain outcomes. Thank goodness that even though economics isn't a hard science it still relies on evidence. &gt; I know there are a lot of undergraduates on this sub infatuated with ~facts and reason~ who think you can separate public policy from ethics, but c'mon. I didn't realize we were in the presence of an econ PHD. What school did you go to if you don't mind me asking?
&gt; it's to the idea you can describe a politician's preference for a certain policy as "scientific" or "unscientific. Sure you can. It's unscientific to ignore evidence.
Imagine responding this way to someone who said "vaccines do not cause autism." It would sound absolutely ridiculous, wouldn't it? "I prefer to disregard the evidence and get my information from youtube videos."
&gt; You do realize that it was the conservative republicans who abolished slavery and voted to end segregation? No, there's a difference between *conservative* and *Republican*. They were not always synonymous with each other like they are today. Historically, the Democrats were more conservative than Republicans. Also, Brown v. Board of Education (the landmark SC decision that ended segregation) was a *unanimous* decision. I see you try not to let facts get in the way of things, though. &gt;You do realize that black people in the 1960s celebrated Christmas ? Who cares? You defending Christmas is not nearly the same as marching against segregation in the 60s, because 1. there is no legitimate threat against Christmas like social Conservatives seem to assume for some reason, 2. No employer will give a shit that you "defend Christmas" anyway, 3. they aren't even close to holding the same moral weight.
And using logic, you can say (2) is an unscientific preference because of its basis on (1).
Calling Crosby better than mcdavid in this sub ain’t gonna go over well pal
Why would that matter? The oilers still take in more revenue than the flames, Sens, and jets.
/r/cityporn
This man doesn’t know who the Oilers top AHL player was last year and somehow thinks he’s knowledgeable enough to give hot takes on the team smh Oh, of course he’s a leafs fan.
Oh boy. There's so much bullshit in this comment I don't even know where to begin. &gt;Democrats back then supported more of an interventionist market including many social programs. Therefore, when it comes to economics they certainly weren't conservative. Which is the same as it is now. &gt;For example, more republicans voted for the civil rights act than democrats. Abe lincoln was a republican and the democrats in the south were all pro segregationist, even until the 80's. [As I already mentioned, the Democrats and Republicans essentially switched platforms in the late 19th/early 20th century.](https://www.livescience.com/34241-democratic-republican-parties-switch-platforms.html) If you had ever taken a basic American politics class, you would know this. &gt;Joe Biden was just caught praising segregationists, and of course the libs still love and adore him Sure, Biden did some shitty things in the past. What liberals are praising him for this? And are you just gonna completely ignore the Southern states (where Republicans have a huge support) that were both the cause of the civil war and continued segregation the longest? Ever hear of Jim Crow laws? &gt; Defending Christmas is arguably at the same level as segregation No, it's not. It's ridiculous and shameful that you would even attempt to compare the two.
That's not really fair. McDavid essentially plays wing a good chunk of the time with Drai.
why you keep talking about jfk
Pete killed it. Definitely my fav candidate now. Join us at /r/neoliberal
Fair point
Can someone eli5?
That’s sad, thanks
Lol funny seeing you here
It’s honestly so frustrating how blatantly biased /r/hockey is
I hated smith on the flames, this is gonna take awhile to get used to.
/r/hockey doesn’t hate our team, they just love making fun of us every chance they get. There’s a difference.
No, /r/hockey circle jerking about every single thing in regards to the oilers is not deserved. How do you think it makes us fans feel?
Nah
Weak fucking call
It is, but whatever
Sure
Fuck. Rest In Peace.
2 profs in the faculty of engineering and their 2 young daughters. &gt;Pedram Mousavi and his wife, Mojgan Daneshmand, along with daughters Daria and Dorina are among the dead, a communications spokesperson at the University of Alberta confirmed Wednesday. That is awful.
Gordon is bae
Hahahahahahaha fuck Tkachuk!
Hopefully tkachuk learns a lesson on that one
Haha I love kings fans chiming in
Hahaha tkachuk got his ass whipped idiot
I don’t give a flying fuck what /r/hockey thinks. Kassian just made every oilers fan nut
Must suck being a flames fan, winning less playoff series than the oilers in the last decade
What do you expect from that little bitch lol
That is wrong lol
^ flames fans everybody
^ flames fans everybody
And I’d still rather live here than Calgary
Very impressed by Don Iveson's speech.
Well Scottie upshall, the NHL vet, clearly disagrees with you
Draisaitl would beat the shit out of Tkachuk and you know it. drai is a fucking beast.
Of course we won’t let this go. Tkachuk deserves to be shamed for what he did and we fucking love seeing everyone shitting on him. It’s hilarious.
I don’t care what Tkachuk thinks. It’s funny seeing all the flames fans after /r/hockey switched around it’s collected opinion about the incident *insert surprised pikachu face*
Meh. At least Marchand isn’t a pussy.
Lmao all the flames fans are salty that no one is on their side anymore 🤡🤡🤡
link is broken for me
You're ten ply bud
No, he's ours! We're the generational talent siblings
And who has the most points in the past 4 seasons?
Did you say 20 o 9?
I mean Tippet is also a good bet
Yeah McDavid and drai are going. If you’re not sending a single player I guess that makes sense
Luckily most of us are confident to hold a phone for 2 seconds while driving 10km/h. If you aren't, maybe stay off the roads. Not saying it's okay to be on the phone on the Henday or something, but 2 entirely different scenarios.
People sleeping on Dave Tippett
/r/cityporn
Credit: Jeff Wallace
LOL. flair up wow this guy is following me through my comments, how pathetic
I don’t know where you’re coming from, if anything Edmonton has an *underinflated sense of civic pride.* edmontonians shit on Edmonton all the time. Maybe you’re thinking of Calgary?
Jesus, this freezing ass weather must be so weird for you as an Australian. I’m born and raised in Edmonton and I’m still not used to this level of cold. I was also at the game yesterday, super fun.
Canada already had its election. Trudeau won thankfully.
True
Struggling to come up with an answer. Who?
The point of this thing is to decrease poverty though...?
Lmao was just thinking this in class today. Such a good prof
It is a complete and utter myth that wealthy people are “sitting on hoards of money.” The vast majority of their wealth is tied up in assets, like stock, which benefits Canada. Not to mention they already pay way more than their fair share in tax. Taxing them more and forcing them out of Canada is not the solution.
If you're not confident in your driving abilities you shouldn't be on the road.
That’s my problem with Vancouver. Their skyline is so bland
Connor McDavid is leading the NHL in points
idk what the point of that was but I love it
The real deal?
I’m 3 months post op and still mostly numb in my lip and chin. It can take a year or more.
Let’s be clear, Jesse fucked himself more than the oilers did.
Bro you got some interesting post history
Remindme! 3 months
&gt; Awwww downvotes for preferring another city? Cute Alberta lmao Probably because your comment makes you seem like an asshole?
&gt; God as if it matters, Probably matters to Coyotes fans.
That is an attractive reporter holy shit
Sports net
Yuck stay away from that trash Connor
CBC or sportsnet? The decision is hard
Is she blind?
Some of y’all are kinda dicks, she’s like 12
Connor is sexy as fuck
Running joke among oilers fans that Gretz is always sloshed at these things
He beat his record from last year lol
Lol they have a live mic to the goalie for the shootout? That’s pretty cool
Connors the best in the game
Obviously
What fucking idiot just claimed Mack is as good as McDaddy?
Leon Noooooo
Drai did it for the fans. Class act ^^^^/s
He won the passing last year
Drai is low key one of the best looking players in the league
The fuck is drats?
Damn both oilers came second in their competitions
Im a 6’1 dude and I do
1 isolated case does not justify quarantine of our largest city
Actually I think it started in December
Awolnation is actually a good band so calm your tits people
Y’all are some negative ass people Jesus
How long is the halftime?
Nahhh they can’t split up mcdrai
I like that Jon Hamm seems like a genuine hockey guy
Alright time to bring out McDaddy
Chuk Tkafuck
Nahhh
Mcdrai + the guy who injured Connor lmao
Mcdrai are possession gods
Scoring 50 goals is
God damn it drai you were supposed to leave the ice not fucking score
/r/thanksihateit
TIL I love brett hull
Who’s the kid in the oilers hat beside gretz?
That was sick drai
Man it feels so dirty cheering on Tkachuk
Drai is dirt nasty
Hull is so fucking funny
Drais got sick backhand sauce
Shit I wanted to hear more hull in the final
They better fucking play holiday
Love how they didn’t celebrate at all
One song? Really?
This is better
The NHL made a good decision getting them
You’re a legend bird
/u/abirdofparadise
Hey don’t diss on my boy zac brown
Drai is playing hella minutes lol
Drai for MVP
Someone screenshot that drai hug with gio and rittich
How the fuck is pasta mvp?
He's saying "where were you" to McDavid. CBC shows a better angle of it, and Drai immediately starts laughing after.
Economics isn’t opinion based. Sure, there’s a small percentage of “Marxist economists,” but there’s also a small percentage of scientists who don’t believe in climate change, or doctors who are anti-vacc. Just because they exist doesn’t mean they’re right. Economics is evidence based just like any science, and to dismiss it so casually like you are is to ignore experts.
Shamelessly stolen from /r/calgaryflames
Fuck I hope that’s not true. If so, poor Vanessa Bryant.
Yeah sonic wasn't working for me either
Connor mcdavid is the best and most exciting player in the league. Probably the fastest and one of the most skilled players ever. look up his highlights and be amazed.
/u/jakethesnake0709 scouting report: - 4th year political science / econ student - will always prioritize hockey over studying - they call me “jake the snake” cuz I got a bigger dong than brad marchands nose - will viciously attack rival teams fans in gdts and pump up your teams star players no matter what
Andrew Wong is a good prof but let’s not pretend he doesn’t have an accent
Dear Oilers GM, I wrote you but still ain't callin' I left my cell, my pager, and my home phone at the bottom I sent two letters back in autumn, you must not-a got 'em There probably was a problem at the post office or somethin' Sometimes I scribble addresses too sloppy when I jot 'em But anyways, Can you trade me please?
Is that windsor car park? I'll be there in an hour or so. Probably going to have to park on that shitty roof.
It's not just paying them less that's the problem, it's reducing their salary. Can you imagine the outrage if all doctors started getting paid 50k a year less? They'd be on strike until that idiotic decision was reversed. Not to mention in Canada, doctors *should* be getting paid more.
No?
Pointing out that a prof can be difficult to understand because of their accent is not the same as making fun of their accent.
Definitely
Well that’s a little racist
Proud to accept Gritty as my new lord and savior, but not all is forgotten as the prophet McJesus can channel away my new hate for Crosby and his ugly arctic birds.
Hello! Just been traded from the /r/EdmontonOilers. Excited to channel my rage against the Flames into the Penguins. I can be a little aggressive in GDTs so Friday is gonna be fun. Funnily enough I have Giroux and Hart on my fantasy team.
Lucky enough to be going to this one boys. If someone gets a turtle chant going I’ll chime in
&gt; Except for when the company goes bankrupt and the city is left holding the bag, or when the thing doesn’t come close to meeting the lofty ridership and revenue projections and they come begging for money If the company (who have obviously done their market research and would know way more than you) thought they weren't going to make a profit, they wouldn't do it.
You really think they're gonna fly 160 people out of Wuhan, park the plane on the tarmac, and say, "whelp, you're free to go!" Of course they're going to make sure the people aren't infected. They're not morons. Edit. Oh my god people are idiots. No, the government is not going to let the people they flew from fucking wuhan infect anybody else. Edit 2. Would you look at that, everybody who replied to me saying they wouldn’t is a fucking idiot. Who woulda thunk it
&gt; If you're in Canada, he is the most current form of hockey hero I bet if you looked at just Canada McDavid would outsell Crosby. The fact that McDavid is 4 is actually surprisingly high.
As a Flyers fan, I'd have to agree. Flyers are #2 of course, above the 30th Calgary Flames and 31st Pittsburgh Penguins.
Edmonton has the benefit of having a dynasty and literally the greatest player to ever play be on its team. You see that photo the other day with Kobe rocking an oilers jersey? It’s iconic.
Hahahah what a day to do it
It’s not bad. Kass is definitely underrated on /r/hockey, and 3.2 is not super high. Apparently he’s a huge locker room guy so probably pretty important to resign him to keep Connor and Leon happy. Ken will have more cap space after this year anyway. I would say it’s a year too long tho
I’d believe it
Last time he fought he broke his hand
Yeah fuck companies for putting money towards a charity amirite? So edgy Fuck I hate how people have to hate on a company doing an objectively good thing for no reason. It’s honestly fucking pathetic.
Grand Praire
No game thread today...?
Tara does not come across well at all in this article.
🤷‍♂️ don’t blame me, well-written and fact-based journalism takes awhile to produce.
Yeah TIL
Is /r/hockey really gonna defend what Matthews did? Sure, he apologized, but that doesn't mean what he did wasn't shitty, and let's not pretend it wasn't: &gt;According to the police report, a female security guard at a condo complex in Scottsdale made the complaint after she said Matthews and a group of males tried to open her vehicle as she sat inside doing paperwork at 2 a.m. &gt;The complainant said she got out her car and confronted Matthews, who she said appeared to be intoxicated. She said Matthews said he thought it would be funny to see how she would respond. &gt;The report states that, as Matthews walked away, he dropped his pants, bent over and grabbed his buttocks, though the complainant said he appeared to keep his underwear on. &gt;The report says surveillance video shows a male subject walking toward the complex elevators with his pants around his ankles. https://www.cbc.ca/sports/hockey/nhl/auston-matthews-disorderly-conduct-charges-dismissed-1.5360501 Fuck me, I guess. Edit. Damn downvoted by salty leafs fans
&gt; Like wtf he got in the back of her car as a stupid prank when he was drunk, and then mooned her when they were walking away. Let's not pretend that this isn't a shitty thing to do.
Sure, but to say “fuck any oilers fan who doesn’t like this guy” is pretty insulting when Matthews isn’t completely innocent either.
Sure, I’m not saying he’s human garbage or anything
He only played 9 games this season. It’s not like he was gonna be re-signed anyway
You think we can fix cultural and structural racism by simply throwing money at the problem? It's much deeper than that. In regards to the arena subsidy, our downtown needed investment in order to create a better core for our city, and it worked. It's as simple as that.
god damn do I hate all the Twitter idiots demanding he donate tens of thousands of dollars. Worry about your own money people
Canada isn't even 75% white you dolt
I can’t believe how many people are in here complaining about people donating tens of millions of dollars
If you’re gonna use Malcolm X I’ll fire back with MLK and his disdain for “socially destructive” riots. https://www.google.ca/amp/s/amp.usatoday.com/amp/5282486002 Radicals/anarchists also don’t get to decide how it’s done.
I sat there and had breakfast last year! Was visiting from Canada, I love London.
You really shouldn't be dismissing concerns about the pandemic spreading so casually, either. You've reduced genuine concern to people "clutching pearls." And no, people sitting on a patio 6 feet away from other tables is not the same as 10 000+ people close together. How can you look [at this video,](https://twitter.com/i/status/1269086521329512448) and say "I hardly saw a single person without a mask" and that "EVERYONE was making efforts to not be in each others’ space." Those are thousands of people, literally right next to each other. Whether or not this will cause a mini outbreak, I don't know, but you should at least take it seriously.
Good luck finding anywhere on the internet where there isn't shitty people.
yuck - edmontonian
People also forget that any discretion that officers use (looking away for small, meaningless crimes) goes out the window with bodycams.
McDavid is the current best player tho
I guess I don’t see how giving money to poor people is “throwing it away”
Facts is facts
Oilers rank?
I mean Edmonton only has ~100 active cases rn
That is an awful idea. There goes any notion of privacy when dealing with the police.
Draisaitl factored in 50% of all oilers goals this year. If that isn’t a carry, I don’t know what is.
And yet Edmonton has successfully decreased its homeless population by 10 000 people. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FiW-hrgrDLM Funny how OP didn’t mention that.
...I literally just pointed out a statistic that shows Drai was *more* important for the oilers than Panarin to the rangers. The oilers sucked last year too. Did you see Draisaitl when McDavid was out for weeks?
People always forget this statistic that literally tells you how valuable a player is to his team: Drai factored in about 50% of all oilers goals this season, 10% above Panarin. If that stat doesn’t tell you how valuable a player is I don’t know what does.
/r/cityporn
It is an incomplete bridge lol, it’s for a new LRT line under construction
God I hate people who edit their comment like this. Fuck you, graham. Edit. Of course you’re from Calgary. Figures
I'm an N64 user and I'm excited for this
Mike Grier the NHL player?
looks way better than the series x
Awful and disgusting idea.
Why would he ask for tips on something that happened after? Johnny hobbit slewfooted first
And keep pushing the narrative that “Edmonton media always brings Toronto up”
🤷‍♂️ Sure why not, nyc is one of my favourite cities in the world and I love your jerseys
Toronto is a dumb choice
I mean, it could definitely be a big fucking deal
Why can’t they just say “Edmonton” in the title
I like our aways and alternates, switch our homes to[ Royal Blue dominant](https://oilersnation.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/08/usatsi_10004568-e1525995689411.jpg). Maybe add[ the mcfarlane jerseys](https://i1.wp.com/oilersnation.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/06/metero.jpg?resize=442%2C475&amp;ssl=1) into the rotation in a few years
McDavid absolutely has the hardware to get in
Not enough McDavid in this thread. No player ever has had the awards he has and not gotten into the hall of fame.
Imagine not even having Drai top 3
/r/hockey really fucking hates us
Yeah. I guess Malkin or Messier should never have won the Hart according to /r/hockey
It’s like /r/hockey loses its collective memory when it comes to Draisaitl and the Hart for some reason
So Malkin should never have won it? Or messier? Or hell, even Kuch last year? &gt;Us losing MacKinnon or Rangers losing Panarin would have a much bigger effect than Edmonton losing one of McDavid or Draisaitl. The fact you had to say “one of” is entirely why Draisaitl deserves it. Every other year it was just, “McDavid goes down, the oilers are screwed lulz” and now suddenly we have one of the best players in the league due to his mvp season.
It’s so fucking dumb to just ignore his massive contributions on a literal historic powerplay because it suits your narrative. You realize the Hart isn’t awarded based on even-strength play only, right?
Yeah true. I’m sure gonna love gloating about having 2 Hart winners on /r/hockey
The rangers didn’t even make the playoffs (the 16-team cuttoff, I mean)
Well then you’ll be happy to know I thought Mack should’ve won over Hall
Tipp is a players coach. Biz talked about playing for him on spittin chiclets and made it seem like he’s a really nice guy
As an edmontonian I thought that was funny. Poor winterpeg
and on PC please and put my boy Leon on the cover
But he just listed a ton of other factors aside from where it was invented. Hockey is definitely more associated with Canada than soccer with England.
The amount of people who watch the most popular league in the world, by far, are “few and far between?” Maybe in Finland, much less so in the US.
Oh yeah, Edmonton is pretty far north
*ahem* Mark Messier is the only player in NHL history to captain 2 different franchises to a cup. Sorry Canucks fans ^^^^notreally
I’m not gay and I think Pete is fantastic.
Sure, but downtown Edmonton alone has thousands of rooms.
Nah. Alberta &gt; BC and Banff knows it.
Chinese cities have tens of millions of people lol
that actually looks sick
idk why people are comparing this to android, this looks much cleaner and simplistic
no one cares bro
rich people are people too bro
Anyone who pretends to care about privacy and criticizes Apple while using Android is ignorant
do people still use firefox?
You are too, unless you’re typing this on a device not made in China (you’re not).
Pretty sure “Alberta Tourism” is literally based in Edmonton, considering we’re the capital
Do people still find these photos funny? this isn’t Edmonton but we’re pretending it is, that’s so hilarious
I’m pretty chill dude, I just don’t think these photos are funny
Some people upvoting posts is evidence that everybody is enjoying these posts? News to me.
If a business thinks that they need parking to attract customers they’re still free to build parking
Pretty hard to ignore when it’s filling up the whole subreddit. Going by your logic, you probably just should’ve ignored my comment 🤷‍♂️.
Nice!
Saying “people” refers to people in general, as in anybody. So not only am I asking if people enjoy them, I was also asking if other people weren’t enjoying them. I guess I didn’t realize that some couldn’t put 2 brain cells together to figure that out, I’ll be more clear for you next time buddy 👍
Yeah. Guy coulda been hugely beneficial to the team in the locker room or something, but the haters in /r/hockey will never accept that.
Who woulda thought 2 of the inductees today woulda been associated with the oilers
&gt; We Posts in /r/conservative, /r/maine, etc. Yeah you sound like a real fantastic Canadian, pal. lol
You could be right
&gt; Are you saying that there was good merit-based discussion during the NDP government? I'm saying it doesn't matter even if there wasn't. OP's point was that people aren't arguing in good faith, by not telling the truth, and that we shouldn't do that, if we like to think of ourselves as better than UCP supporters.
&gt; Oh cool, resorting to downvoting and insults. You must be winning. Wow, whining about downvotes. Nice. Let me ask you a question: Is there anybody that doesn't find these photos funny? Because replies in this, and other threads, answer yes. Thanks for your constructive input.
Nah. Edmonton is beautiful in the summer.
FSX atc always does this to me
Always thought the west ed store was never that busy, not compared to the Apple store at least
I thought he was polish, huh
It's frustrating how cities with all the name recognition always shoot to the top, but when I post a nicer photo of a smaller city, it gets way less upvotes
For real. As someone who is neither American or Vietnamese, this movie felt frankly insulting and hypocritical. It preaches against black racism (which is obviously is awful, and expected for a spike lee film) and then goes and shits on Vietnam.
And not everyone in Edmonton is either
Like what did he expect when writing that tweet
Really? They're everywhere in Edmonton
Fuck /r/chapotraphouse. Advocating for murder of rich people is still murder Edit. And the people replying wonder why they’re banned, lmao
The chapos are mad salty on the /r/announcements thread
Yes.
Your comparison fails when you realize NYC has a metro population 15-20x larger than Edmonton's
