How are spurs not an exciting prospect to join? They're well above our level right now, who do you expect to be compared to?
And young gets treated even worse
How in the fuck is he adored by fans? Is this a joke? He gets the most abuse of any player for us.
Does he have to give credit? It's just information someone found from somewhere else, nobody owns it. Plus the fact that the account isn't claiming he found it himself, he says he found it online
You realise we were linked with him long before last night's game?
10 In which time zone? PM or AM?
Brags about being the "first to announce" james when he said "announcement imminent" about 20 days ago lmao
Your whole summary of United is pretty embarrassing from a fan perspective. Especially "english turds". People here claim to understand the culture of the club but all you have to do is look at the reaction towards the Maguire interest to see the disdain a lot of you have for home grown talent.
Who said I was offended by the English part? Do you realise there is a home grown quota? And brexit fast approaching? Not to mention calling players like lingard "english turds" is hilariously in opposition to the values of our club. Herrera's contract was not considered because it's his last big contract of his career and he will be asking for a big pay increase. Not sure where you're getting the idea we haven't even entertained DDGs contract because we have been trying to do that for the last year. He was likely asking for 325k+ off the back of an awful season. Harry Maguire is a good player. I know it's cliché but if he was called some Brazilian name he would be regarded as a top 5 PL centre back. He's a lot lot lot better than tuanzebe. Who is your cheaper, better player than Maguire?
You can't get players for 5 million at a club like United anymore. Dalot and James were about as unknown as you can get within our limits and they cost 20m.
You realise transfers actually happen at prices like this? They're not just gonna round up to 70m to make it more neat, when you're talking about millions of pounds of course you're gonna be very specific
This guy was tier 1 here a couple of years ago
The agent represents the player in negotiations...
Or he's like a raiola client who's been told to do this
Is it your mission just to spread shite? Lighten up for gods sake
Of course it's good. We get a potentially world class player for 3 years and worst case scenario we sell him on for a big profit. Best case scenario we start challenging for big trophies again and he wants to stay.
Maguire is not going to city lol
"He will sign on tuesday" is also objectively provable
I'm almost 100% sure I know who it is. Obviously not gonna reveal it though because that's the whole point in muppetiers.
I'm actually not assuming Fred
I'm fairly certain his "source" is ITK 4
It's pretty obvious to be honest
Vehement defending of ITK 4, who is heavily suspected to be your "source" (if not you yourself) bignewsahoy based on what he's said Username clearly suggests you are the same person as Jonathan Writes in the same fashion I could go on
You don't even make it discrete that you're not the same person lmao, if the username wasn't a dead giveaway every comment you post is. Delusional
I don't know whether it's admirable or ridiculous that this is the hill you choose to die on. It's obvious to everyone. You played the ITK game and you lost, give it up
This fruit is so low hanging it might as well be a root vegetable.
And then giving up on figuring out the material and releasing amnesiac anyway JOKING I love amnesiac
Wow surely dermatologists of all people understand how sensitive these things can be
Because viral marketing is effective Even if they don't know anything about the transfer, it gets people talking about their ad
Literally yesterday you posted "confirmation on de ligt expected tomorrow" You're staying things as facts, the fact that you repeatedly say you're not ITK means nothing when you claim to have inside information like that
If we got shearer we wouldn't have got ole
It's more like if the timetable says cancelled, the bloke you asked on the platform says it's cancelled, the conductor says it's cancelled and you say "it's expected 21:45" even though you know it's complete bullshit The de ligt transfer was in NO WAY expected today, apart from one source who you back up weirdly vehemently. Spoofex, a demonstrably more reliable source has said the whole deal is off. De ligt himself said he was going on holiday on sunday, so how in the fuck can it possibly be likely that he signs today?
I know it's a pretty pointless hypothetical but ole won us the treble, our clubs crowning achievement. The logical side of my brain says shearer was obviously the better option but the emotional side says ole is a legend and I wouldn't trade him for the world
At least it's over.
It's funny
That's some impressive mental gymnastics there. So if I torture and kill a bunch of innocents to rob a bank, then give you the money you'd say "money is money" and take it? Also the idea that them spending money on something else is less money spent on a war is downright silly.
Hahaha the alternative is not being OK with saudi arabia using our club as a global PR machine. You realise united is only going to end in a PROFIT for these people, so your "better than spending money on war" argument is completely void.
Wow this is like when your girlfriend dumps you and you pretend you never liked her anyway
Maybe an unpopular opinion but it's probably a blessing in disguise that we didn't get him if those are the kind of wages he's after
More like if they don't provide verification and aren't willing to go anonymous, most likely scenario is that they don't have verification and are attention seeking. With those who go through muppetiers you know their motivation is to provide information, not to get glory.
He gives us what he knows. Better than making huge promises that don't come to fruition like certain unnamed ITKS
How the fuck is this pietro bloke so knowlegable on Portuguese dealings?
We have one signing confirmed, another by all accounts at the finish line, many good links to players in positions we need. It's still June, this could be a brilliant window still.
He called statements on de ligt being a done deal bullshit, because he would have heard from his source himself if something like that was happening. He doesn't deserve criticism for actually being reliable when you praise other ITKs for doing a scattergun approach to rumours. He's easily our best ITK, it's not even a contest.
To be fair it's OP's editorialized headline The article just says he flees the hotel
Woodward bad, give me upvotes Its one more signing than any other top English team has made. And I don't see why people put so much importance on the speed of transfers. As long as you get it done without panicking near the end it's almost exactly the same result.
There is always going to be a big club tax. When you're talking about 5 million it's a drop in the bucket for a club like us. When you're overpaying 80% on a 50m transfer that's when there's an issue
Literally signed someone yesterday
Simon peach admitted he lurks here without commenting haha
He's still got a lot of things wrong so he will never be as good as xisimon
So should McDonald's refuse to sell drunk people food too?
I always thought that was the lyric and there were homosexual undertones to the whole song before I looked up the lyrics. I also thought he was saying "feel the pleasures of another man" instead of "a normal man"
Pietro bolzano is tier one and is adamantly claiming Bruno is coming to us
Pretty sure he's real. Like if that's a character it's one of the most impressive things I've ever seen. He's been doing it for years getting almost no views before he blew up this year.
That picture in the top right. Is that george best, giggs, scholes and.... Matic? Wtf
My mistake. Still why the fuck is matic there
You should probably delete this, whole point in muppetiers is that they're anonymous and you're basically giving away ITK 8's identity
Yep. I don't believe any club that needs a player like him would pay up. It's too much of a risk. This summer is when his valuation is at max value, so we will see pretty quickly whether it's a good move or not.
One of the major advantages in being anonymous is to deter attention seekers. It's about providing information, not about personal glory
So because it was "clearly fake" he just gets away with lying? He's only saying that now because he wants to lie again. He'll say this was just a wind up too when he's wrong in a couple of weeks
Ie he doesn't have verification and it's bollocks
The guy that claimed he rung the Lowry and de ligt was coming but now that's "obviously a wind up". Definitely gonna believe this bloke.
He doesn't have a good track record so he's giving us very little reason to believe him Also encouraging others to bet (even if he actually did have info) is pretty immoral in my eyes
I'm not wound up, I'm just saying there's little reason to believe this guy when he's got a track record of trolling already.
I'm saying he has very little credibility
My second reply was a completely separate point. After realising he himself revealed his identity I made a different point, that anonymous ITKs revealing their identity for credit defeats the whole point in muppetiers. He shouldn't be claiming credit, right or wrong.
It wasn't a clear joke. It was not believable, but it wasn't overly ridiculous. It just sounded like something someone here would make up, so I didn't believe it.
He wasn't really abused by the fans though was he. The fans adore him and he gives very little back.
Threat of a ban? Just don't post the gif, not hard is it
Mainly because of the damage he did to be honest Many of his transfers did not work out
&gt; We dumped Mkhi to Arsenal Poor guy, getting a pay rise despite actually having never replicated his form in 2016 &gt; had Darmian sat at home for 2 years Again. He earns 90k or so to show up to training. And fans seem to think we're holding him hostage. Tough shit, he signed a contract, and a pretty good one at that, so he can stick it out.
Don't know why you'd limit it to the premier league, but maybe I shouldn't have said "lost us points". Barcelona - spilled an easy messi shot for their 2nd of the night Arsenal home - spilled an easy mustafi header Arsenal away - nowhere near a fairly tame xhaka shot Man City away - beaten at his near post by aguero Man city home - tried to save sané's shot with his leg, fucked up an easy save Chelsea - the worst one of all because if we'd won that game we had a huge chance to get top 4. Spilled an easy shot to let chelsea level and ruin our hopes. &amp;#x200B; There are many other examples where he performed badly but got away with it. As you can see these are all very high profile games. Obviously I don't expect him to be errorless over an entire season, but it's not unfair to say de gea is one of the main reasons we didn't get top 4 this season. Lost us multiple points against arsenal and chelsea, our main rivals for top 4. Edit : So you asked for evidence, I provided it, and I get no responses and downvoted anyway. This sub is a joke for discussion sometime
Read my other comment. I shouldn't have said "lost us points" but more made mistakes that led to goals. I don't think mistakes should be looked upon more/less severely just because they didn't directly lose us points. It's the same either way
Comments like this are absolutely fucking pointless. And since when did wan bissaka become a bad signing? We've complained about young for years and now he's being replaced with a good player
If you don't understand how developing youth works god knows how you've ended up supporting this club
You're naive if you don't see that's what he's implying
My point was merely that there is reason for the criticism - he had an awful season and if he performed even average for his standards we could have easily come 3rd.
He said in a later comment that he's not a top player. Plus I've just realised this guy refers to both us and Liverpool as "we" so it's pretty safe to disregard anything he says. Unless he's Michael Owen.
Can someone tell me how this is relevant though? Maybe he just wanted to post an older picture on his story
You realise it's not just as black and white as "ball playing CB or defender"? De ligt is very good with the ball, as is diop
Why would Mata accept that? I thought someone said it would be a pay cut. Surely at his age he has to be looking for a final good contract and every year counts
You spoke to ed himself?
You're still fucking stupid but I'm glad you're not gonna be stupid and homeless
Fred last summer
ITKs have already got multiple things correct, verified by tier 1 sources and the club itself.
How is he a liar?
Brilliant comeback mate
He hasn't confirmed anything - let's wait until it does or doesn't happen to crucify him. If he's called this right he deserves credit. He originally said de ligt was coming weeks ago. He then said he wasn't coming about a week ago. Now he's changed it back. I would say it coincided with DB's trolling and nothing more. We will see in a couple of weeks though
Is we PSG? Or United
For the sanchez deal Wenger himself came out and he was coming. It was a very public deal
Schneiderlin? You expected him to fetch more than 25m? He was an absolute nothing player for United. In fact none of the players you've listed deserved to be sold for much more at the time we sold them.
That one time when he stamped on that guy like 4 times in a row then punched two other guys on the face means he's deserving of number 1
Di marzio was insistent that pogba was joining us
It's a lot easier to believe a top tier player has rejected us than believe a top tier player is coming
Internazionale isn't a PL team
Sporting Kansas City is the funniest one to me
You got them the wrong way round lol
He's announced his leaving, us crawling back to him now would be another level of pathetic
You realise negotiations happen simultaneously in the window right? So it's not uncommon for the bulk of the transfers to happen nearer the end. Look at all the big clubs barring real and see how many transfers they've made
You don't remember when united used to sign unknown players and develop them into stars? People complain when we go for the big names, and also complain when we go for the unknowns.
Lindelof definitely could be that guy in a couple of years.
&gt; we are haggling over how to pay £50m to CP Whilst 5-10m may seem inconsequential now, it sets the standard for us to get rinsed again and again for every player we go in for
You'll have a panic attack when we play Watford next season
We just bought a player for 15m not one week ago
There are different levels to being only in it for the money. The glazers are amongst the worst offenders in football.
Difference is we make much much more in revenue than those two clubs, and the only money going in is being used to pay off not even the debts but the interest on the debts.
The time signifies the year the glazers took over (20.05)
You can get it in decent quality on putlocker sites
And I'm sure your boss never lets you go on holiday and you're completely ok with that
He's changed his stance though, so he's not necessarily wrong since the transfer hasn't happened yet. His current stance is that he's coming to United, so if he doesnt THEN he's wrong.
This isn't even slightly believable lmao The one about de ligt's parents buying a restaurant in Manchester was more believable than this
"You didn't hear anything sir" lmao
How to make a claim on this subreddit 101 - Use an alt account with 0 comments but say "I usually just lurk" - Make a ridiculous claim about security guards talking about "the palace kid" - Don't forget to say "you can believe what you want, I'm just sharing information" and "take it with a grain of salt" - delete account if you're wrong and claim credit if by some chance it happens
Also since when did security guards hear anything about transfers? And discuss it loudly in front of a member of the public at a desk? And if they did know, referring to wan bissaka as "the palace kid" is so unnatural
Wait he admitted it's bullshit?
With how volatile and changeable transfers can be, that's a terrible idea
She's probably more likely to leave you if she finds out this is what you're doing
I think the real OGS probably knows before Norwood tbh
Talks occur simulatenously. You really think they just do one player before moving on to the next?
It's like when you're in turbulence on a plane and you look over and the stewardess is still trying to sell people miniature bottles of champagne and you know it's all fine
And would he really get a starting spot? Assuming ramos stays, him and varane are one of the best partnerships in football
Is it drivel just because it's not what you want to hear? It's way more believable than some of the shit posted. Some guy earlier literally said he overheard two security guards talking about AWB and there was a lot of positive comments lol
So they should filter all negative information?
Fred wasn't unknown in any sense
Why would it be important that it's on a Wednesday?
I suppose I appreciate your honesty, normally people go through impressive mental gymnastics to justify this opinion On the other hand you've literally just said you don't care about human rights violations. How can you justify that morally?
Let me guess it was just a wind up
You obviously didn't though. You said it in a snarky manner, as if it wasn't a good transfer. Stop being an utter helmet and acting like a victim, grow up
Rooney to Everton for Lukaku too. It was unofficial but we gave him to them for free and took Lukaku at the same time.
And there were rumours about AWB too. They just really want to fuck us up this summer
You realise that kind of football is impressive even against Cardiff The point is our passing and movement was actually good, that isn't dependent on opponent
This is naive to say after ajax were literally seconds away from making the final this year. And spurs were in the final. Anyone has a shot in a tournament like this.
Not really. Like Hatchie is incredibly poppy compared to say beach house's recent stuff. And cocteau twins type stuff was more dream like and ethereal.
Fred/united_this_us
He said he's stopped contributing now so I guess logic says it doesn't matter any more. You can probably work out which one it was if you care enough
Pretty sure ITK1 is Fred, which if true, is not reliable
Fair I've got it wrong there
He also said de ligt is 100% not going to Barca, which was a bold claim at the time. Now reputable sources have corroborated that.
Not sure that's how it works really. We could just keep him, we're under no contractual agreement to sell. He'd be stupid to sign a new contract if he wants out.
Bold statement
He's only lost value since joining us so I don't see how he could possibly cost £30m more
Difference between being dignified and actively calling for a player to stay.
Have a feeling we'll get two wrapped up next week, probably AWB and bruno
And money
We are talking about Maguire.
Elaborate
Giving 450k to a 19 year old on top of a world record transfer fee would be utterly braindead even for our board. He would probably end up leaving for barca in a few years leaving our wage structure even more immeasurably fucked
I'd be impressed if you got blue balls without being hard
The exception that proves the rule Zlatan was a temporary transfer while we waited for lukaku or morata. Alves is way past it and we don't even need him to fill a gap.
Firstly MDL would have to choose us, which would mean giving him a ridiculous wage. I'd rather Maguire.
The older crowd should get the fuck off a 26 year old's Snapchat then
It's lighting, lingard is shredded
That makes no sense. Journalists are "in the know" about everything they report on, obviously. That doesn't make them ITKs.
You have absolutely no idea that's why this has happened
What did he say
Palace is the Croydon club, it's just illustrating how local he is
It's just a frustrating theme I see here a lot. To us it seems like deals are taking forever but that's because we are here every day waiting for them. In the grand scheme of things these few last days of negotiations won't matter. The vast majority of high profile transfers take this amount of time if not more. Real Madrid are the exception and not the rule this summer, but I see people pointing to them often.
I know. Presumably that's what we are trying to avoid by negotiating for so long with palace. Whether he signs now or a week from now will make almost no measurable difference in the long run
It's also a risk for them to demand too much, this could be his peak market value as a palace player and we can always walk away and use dalot this season
If mourinho had issues with our board and sanctioning money god knows what he would say about Ashley
They haven't actually got a 40m budget
Simon stone, Simon peach, although they tweet a lot about sometimes unrelated things Craig Norwood is all but confirmation, he only really tweets when a transfer is done, put notificiatons on for him
No, you're making up bullshit in the hope that an announcement happens by chance to be on thursday If it doesn't come you'll say "I told you to be skeptical" You're looking for attention, if you were real you'd go through muppetiers and you wouldn't link your own comment being smug because nothing happened. Stop commenting please.
It's just constant backtracking though This guy has nothing correct, what reason do we have to believe him when he's wrong most of the time
Those ticks are bollocks though, de ligt still could go to barca and bale could still come to us. The only reason he's ticked them is because he's weirdly defensive about ITK 4
He's backtracked so much he's put himself into a corner. No going back now.
You are probably correct
Bruno
We were favourites to sign de ligt for a while lol It doesn't mean a lot
Sounds to me he covered all bases pretty well. It was unlikely the next tweet united put out would be the announcement, so he said there would be one dud tweet then the announcement. If that doesn't happen he'll just say the response was too bad and they delayed it (which makes no sense) The only way he doesn't lose credibility here is if the very next tweet is the announcement
Some say if all 6 infinity simons tweet at the same time half of the accounts on r/soccer are deleted
3 are yet to be discovered but they will emerge from the shadows of football twitter when the gods ordane it
But stone literally said we might end up paying over the odds for AWB? how does that send a message to other clubs
This is why I think it's still bollocks. If the announcement is the next tweet nobody cares, in fact people probably give him credit. If it's not the next tweet he'll just say the response was too bad on this tweet. The response was always gonna be bad to the tweet in any case, he's just covering his bases
The best part is he's saying we retained the zaha clause. Maybe all this negotiating time worked out after all
It works in our favour because we're probably not gonna win the CL so don't have to pay up more to palace.
Well united came 6th so that's hardly surprising
This is amazing but somehow I don't see it catching on in the terraces
Same effect. Us giving them the money and then giving us 25% back is the same as getting a 25% discount
Everyone has this guy on notifications watching the likes shoot up within seconds of posting is hilarious
No. They asked for about 65 million or a martial swap.
Scott mctominay outsmarting 3 barcelona players with close control at 1:09 is what dreams are made of
It's in the club's ethos
No he said it was AWB, MDL and rabiot. He apparently doesn't get much info on bruno
Maddison is similar to bruno if i'm not mistaken, it would be one or the other. Pogba would require an Ndombele or Ndidi type to replace him
Most people could have predicted AWB to be signed by this week. He was wrong about the amount of announcements, he was wrong about the dates of the announcements, even the date of the very likely announcement in AWB he got wrong, he's most likely wrong about rabiot given the sources that have said he's going to juve, he's probably gonna be wrong about MDL too. What has he actually been right about?
We haven't even had one yet so I don't see how you can possibly give him credit lmao
I agree, pogba is a good example of non english youth that came about through our system. We've signed loads of good young foreign players in recent years like dalot, bailly, lindelof, fred... But brexit is becoming an increasingly prominent factor in our strategy. It's good that we've gone for british players not just for the sake of being british, james and AWB both seem like good targets regardless of nationality
That's silly though. I'm aware of the fact that I can trust who I like, just because it's the muppet thread it doesn't mean I can't use critical thinking and say downright he's wrong. I always hear "trust at your own risk" but a lot of the time people point out the unreliability of certain ITKs they get shut down because it's the muppet thread People are using this "muppet" thing as a shield, I'm all up for a bit of fun but the whole point in muppetiers was to filter through ITKs so we could determine the best sources. Regardless of what happens now he's proven again and again his info isn't realiable if even real at all
Did he though? He said expect an announcement on monday. I assume he was referring to AWB because by all accounts that transfer was the closest to coming through. There was no announcement on monday, none on tuesday, and possibly none even today. The censoring part I would only approve of if he gets more wrong. If he has a source, the info is unreliable and shouldn't really be posted.
I agree mate, although I think mctominay really excels in the DM position. He's fantastic aerially and can tackle well, if he improves his mid range passing I don't see why he couldn't be our first choice there.
Must have missed that. However I still believe it's one correct statement in a long line of incorrect statements
Yes, but he didn't say expect 3 signings completed, he said expect ANNOUNCEMENTS. There have been 0 announcements so far and he told us to expect at least 2 by thursday. He was wrong.
*Wanflute
Hummels has definitely declined a lot too. That centre back pairing was easily the world's best a few years ago for Germany and bayern and now they both need replacing
I don't even think lukakus been as bad as people here are saying. His first season he was easily one of our best players, 27 goals. This season he was pretty poor but what's to say he can't pick it up if he stays another year? This bad season was well outside the norm for him.
That's the attitude you're referring to then. The attitude that "it doesn't matter what my agent does whilst representing me as long as he gets me a good deal". You know what you get when hiring raiola
&gt;Again, he hasn't changed his stance. 2 signings were completed this week. Plus MDL is coming. That's his stance and it isn't a maybe. First off he said 2 announcements. Secondly you said he didn't get info on bruno. So instead of being told which players we were close to signing, he was just told a number of signings? Unlikely. Assumption was that the three signings he was on about was AWB, Rabiot and MDL. Now Rabiot is almost confirmed to be going to juve he's suddenly changed to bruno?
The "logic" behind that was that we would be rinsed for the next transfer if they knew how much we'd paid for AWB. But the AWB is now already public knowledge, regardless of our official announcement. You really think we would hold off the announcement until longstaff is signed when reports are saying it's still early days in the transfer?
But ornstein, stone etc. Have already reported we are paying 50m for AWB. Newcastle aren't thick, they know full well he's already signed
Is this a joke? You don't reckon the higher ups at Newcastle have read the BBC article saying we've signed AWB? it's not some obscure reddit info, it's David ornstein
Do you know what public knowledge means? As opposed to official information?
Definitely not, if the reported wages are accuratw
Anyone else think they had a whole announcement planned with santan Dave until he tweeted glazers out and now they have to come up with a new announcement?
Wan-pipes or nothing
Not really. Peach has a wealth of previous correct claims, he's allowed to get a couple of small details wrong. Most of the ITKs have got nothing correct or very small things correct
What's your definition of world class? He's not even top 10 in his position
No chance he goes for less than 60. He signed a 5 year deal, you can't have your cake and eat it too. Which player would Arsenal potentially sell to fund the deal?
You're probably taking that as you got downvoted because people think he's better than van dijk. In actuality you probably got downvoted because it's just a stupid point to make in the first place. No informed person makes that comparison and if you do for some reason make the comparison van dijk is still clearly the better player. It's very sad to bring up old downvoted comments anyway
You know you're really dutch when you say "I'm only 183cm"
United famously paid a world record fee for a player we let go so i dont think that really comes into the equation
Surely it's just one bid per club though? Otherwise we could keep bidding and earn Bruno loads
He has a really specific role so it's a bit of a moot point. Like saying crouchy is an elite striker because nobody could have been better at heading the ball down for stoke city in 2015
They both begin with D cut them some slack
Please stop. It's unanimously agreed that Ashley young is way past it at this point, are you actually saying there's an "ashley young is a great player" circlejerk here? Probably downvoted for posting a pointless comment.
We're lucky it's only 2 so far, I feel like we haven't had the ball for longer than 10 seconds at a time.
He's neither a flop nor a success based on one game
No, but a consistently low xGC tells us we have a better defense than our league position suggests. Nobody's saying our defense is good based on a game against Burnley.
He still has to consent to it though, why wouldn't he just wait 6 months and get a big sign on bonus
This is why subjective titles aren't allowed
Because you don't just run straight into an object in your path, you're naturally gonna try to move out the way before
Weird that all the comments are arguing whether it's a dive or not then
Also known as trying to avoid clattering into an adult man head on
Doesn't change the fact that it's not a fact, the ref didn't even give it as a dive for fucks sake
How on earth does he act a hard man? He just does his fucking job well
Why are you equating wages to your expectation of performance? That's not how it works anywhere in football
I don't mind this being posted because to be fair it's funny. But when people draw conclusions about a whole player from a fluffed free kick or any other single moment it's stupid
Hence the situation is subjective
Middle East bad
Never met a Parisian then
In what way is he burned out? 17 goals this season already and spurs haven't exactly been firing on all cylinders
First one where I've actually listened to all 4 albums before. Bjork and st vincent are probably my two favourite solo artists, Actor is maybe my favourite front to back album ever. I prefer vespertine but homogenic is probably more essential bjork so I get why it was picked instead. Fuck this is gonna be hard.
Worried about no martial or Rashford, Greenwood is our main threat.
The only artist on that label that even comes close to your claim is Justin Vernon, and I'd hardly say he's one of the biggest artists of the decade. Anyway indie is such a loose term, it's basically a catch all term for alternative music, or a sound. Something getting streams doesn't disqualify it from being indie, if we stuck to a strict definition nothing would be posted here.
SOOOOO predictable
When specifically has he dived for us
Don't comment then if you're so concerned with concentrating
This really is the season of the armpit
what's lame is correcting someone's grammar on a football forum when the meaning of their comment was perfectly conveyed
Us going 0-0 away at wolves with a weakened squad isn't that bad at all, especially considering how wolves seem to dick us every time we play them
Alli's been playing much better than Eriksen for a good while now, so it's not even about potential.
So by that logic ole is overperforming by having us in 5th?
What are you saying is top 4 quality? He's a good enough CB for a team with aspirations to get in the top 4, definitely. We came 2nd with smalling, rojo and jones rotating as our starting centre backs.
Brilliant rebuttal
Yeah people say it because they misheard the phrase. It's not a polite way to say it, they just sound similar so people get it wrong
Judging by sanchez at united, no he wouldn't have been better than willian or pedro.
Literally just semantics, absolutely no point in this comment.
Is this a checklist of cliché comments about past-their-best players?
He doesn't start. Ever think he might want to leave for play time at another club?
Because their defensive set up has been dreadful?
He tones it down a bit on his later work. It gets pretty overdone on stuff like Lifted or Fevers and Mirrors though. Definitely something you either get used to and end up enjoying or just hate, glad I fell into the former category.
Something about the idea of a radiohead fan trying to seduce somebody with bodysnatchers is hilarious to me
It's true though, they've drawn twice, lost, and won twice. The win against United is the only notable achievement
I personally don't think there would be much difference between how he "connects" to liverpool fans compared to how he would connect with united fans. I'm not really sure what your point is here. If he had the financial backing and a larger salary you'd be a fool to think the reason he didn't choose us was because of the fan connection. It was most likely mainly a combination of bad timing and him not liking the look of our board/owners.
My question is why should that matter? I hate using this term but it's not in the "spirit" of the rule to punish a player for having body parts. It's just unfortunate for the defender that he headed it at rice's arm.
Even that was 3 years ago
Rashford and Martial are essentially rotating centre forwards, their roles are not set in stone. Rashford swaps wings regularly and plays through the centre, he's by no means a pure winger, or a pure CF.
Mourinho benched him for sanchez for almost a full year.
After sanchez was signed and before mourinho was sacked he missed two league games from thigh injuries and one more for "muscular problems" later on. Other than that he was on and off the bench, getting limited game time directly due to sanchez. Let's not pretend his drop in form just happened to coincide with when sanchez came in. He played more regularly towards the very end of mourinho's tenure, in the month or two before he was sacked. At which point sanchez was almost unplayable (in the wrong sense)
My point was that Lukaku was not replaced, Rashford and martial were expected to pick up the goal output lost.
Who's actually saying that though? You just responded in a chain where one of our own fans admitted "we're playing norwich, mate". Winning a game 4-0 is always a good sign, nobody's getting ahead of themselves.
At least we have variety in our winners and it's not just one club with a monopoly. 5 different winners since 2013.
Defense was not sorted under mourinho, that was just his system. We relied on Ashley young, Chris smalling and Jones way too often for it to be considered sorted.
So xG is bad because it doesn't take into account the type of shot, but it's completely fine to use shot conversion rate as evidence instead? You realise shot conversion rate is objectively a worse measure because it literally uses one metric, it's just shots divided by goals.
Because rival fans are always gonna point out his shortcomings whereas a lot of united fans are going to look for the positives? We don't want to sack our club legend. Pretty obvious if you ask me
How on earth is fellaini not deadwood though? He would barely get minutes for Ole's team. Deadwood doesn't just mean "bad", it means not useful. Having fellaini sitting in our squad for no reason would make him the definition of deadwood
If you genuinely think we were going in a better direction with mourinho as manager you need your head checked. Whether you think we were worse or better under mourinho is another debate, but in terms of future planning? Ole by far.
Yes, Mikel arteta with his incredible 1W-2D-1L league record has definitely shown he's a better manager than ole.
Want to throw in any more exaggerations? Maybe watch the guy first before you call him a flop
Because with 5 minutes left in extra time the punishment is not proportional to the severity of the foul. Ask anybody and they'd rather take the 1v1, having 10 men for 5 minutes and conceding a free kick is not that bad for the defending side. It's a risk where you're almost guaranteed to improve your chances of winning by breaking the rules, hence it's dirty.
It's way more nuanced than that. If rival fans were objective they would admit that he's not simply "bad", but has weaknesses and strengths. It's easier to just say he's a shit manager though. And vice versa, if United fans were unbiased we would recognise his weaknesses more, but the fact is he's a club legend and emotions come into it more.
He's 50m BECAUSE he's young, not in spite of it. Best defensive full back in the league already, and we can get many years out of him. It's like saying Mbappé was overpriced because he was young. I've never seen the take that AWB was overpriced and you're clearly just forcing it in to reinforce your other points
Yes, because being young and passionate is a bad thing now
It's not overpaying if they actually perform to that level though. Wan bissaka plays like a 50m defender.
I'd like to hear it, Coutinho was liverpool's best player before he left, and probably in the top 3 players in the league (hazard, de bruyne, coutinho imo). Assuming he had stayed without any thoughts of leaving, I don't see how that could have been a negative for liverpool.
are you joking or can you genuinely imagine ernesto valverde managing burnley fc
In my eyes a player that good (he really was at the time) can be worked into just about any system. It's not like liverpool's system drastically changed during the period between salah's signing and coutinho's departure. He's versatile and can play lethal through balls or over the top balls for the front three to run on to on the counter. And just because he's not a firmino level workhorse, doesn't mean he wouldn't work in their team, he was very good at pressing at times under klopp.
1 and a half years left of his contract, injured often and wants to leave, i'd snap your hand off for 150m right now.
there's plenty of options between top teams and burnley, the wages he would get there are simply not gonna be good enough for a former barcelona manager. He could probably still get a job at an inter milan level team
That wasn't a system thing but a mental thing in my eyes. From what I've heard he just wasn't performing well, displacing passes and the like. That's not a systematic problem
If he was in that form for us he'd be a great player. However that's his only above average period of form in his whole career.
How are you going to claim that cantwell, a player with 6 premier league goals for a relegation side, is currently performing worse than lingard, a player with 0 goals or assists in a calendar year? Even if you discard that stat, eye test still shows cantwell is performing at a much higher level.
Kanté, de jong, pjanic wouldn't go amis but they're obviously not particularly realistic with a midfield that stacked. I'd say it's pretty perfect, de bruyne is the world's best midfielder in my opinion
He's a better keeper because he saved a penalty in the super cup? Wtf
Sums up my feelings towards that whole two legged affair
You can give ole credit for some things and not for others, he has absolutely improved our attack massively. But I'm not sure why I expected nuance here
Liverpool also absolutely dominate games though... I'd be willing to bet their front three has had more total chances than ours.
3 transfers in a summer window isn't bad though? Especially big money signings, they take time. What big club makes 4 or 5 big signings every summer window? I think it's all a load of bollocks, fans just think we take a long time to get deals done because all the media outlets chuck our names into their articles regarding any player so when we actually show interest fans think we've been interested for months already. As long as the deal actually gets done during the window, who cares if it's done now or in a week? Long term it makes no difference whatsoever, it's just impatience.
We've only not scored in 7/34 games this season. Chelsea and spurs, our nearest competitors, haven't scored in 5. Not really a huge difference. Just because we struggle to break down teams that sit deep (has actually improved, look how we played against newcastle and burnley) doesn't mean our attack hasn't improved. This reeks of a comment from someone who actually hasn't watched our attack this season. Based on the eye test alone, I can say it's improved. Rashford has improved massively based on output alone, that goes without saying. Martial's developing proper centre forward abilities like hold up play very well this season, and greenwood/james have both added unique qualities to the attack since breaking through.
If you take it for what it is, the shallowest of shallow people talking about who they want to fuck for an hour, then it's very entertaining. It's so shallow that I don't feel bad making horrible snap judgements on the contestants, so it's pretty fun to watch with mates.
Did I say it's shit? I said it's shallow but entertaining, I like watching it on occasion.
Bit weird that ole said "@GNev2" out loud but ok
Naturally fans are gonna think we spend more time on transfers because we're waiting with baited breath since the first links come out, and experience the full saga for every signing. You're obviously not gonna keep tabs on every saga happening for other clubs so when they sign it seems like it was a quick ordeal. Be patient people, as long as it gets done in the window there is absolutely no difference if it's done this week or next.
Come on, it's not like we were holding him hostage. We payed him well, rewarded his loyalty with captaincy, he started weekly for a top 6 club for years. Yes, online fans can be abusive but he probably still enjoyed his time here, he did stay 9 years after all.
I'm sure everyone had exactly the same standpoint when conte walked the league playing defensive football.
20m euros is not a throwaway amount of money. We're in a rare position of power here, sporting need the cash, bruno's valuation is dropping every window and he wants to leave. It sets a terrible precedent to just let clubs whack another 20m on the price when we're involved because they know we'll cave. We've already made it bad enough, fans being impatient about a transfer shouldn't be a reason to give in.
This sub: woodward is so bad at negotiating prices wtf Also this sub: just pay the fucking money woodward
You genuinely believe this is all bollocks? Plenty of reliable journos with no affiliation to us have verified negotiations are taking place. Calm down with the conspiracies for a minute.
He's not worth that, that's how much they'd ask for though.
Him doing that against us then eventually losing and also shushing the barcelona crowd when 3-5 up at the camp nou only to eventually lose 6-5 is the most hilarious shit
You've just completely ignored everything I've written in my comment, but if it makes you feel happier to imagine I would enjoy us finishing 7th then power to you
That would mean that basically any time it hit the inside of the post it would be a goal
Probably mentioning how he knocked spurs out of the FA cup semi final in 2018 at some point
Yeah we pretty much have the same opinion, I don't believe any advantage should be given to the attacked in goal line decisions. My point about the margin of error was this: Let's say for argument's sake we have a 1m margin of error, it's obviously not that big but just easier to visualise. That means if the technology shows the ball has crossed the line, but it's within 1m of the line, it's inconclusive based on what we know about the accuracy of the technology. Now, the closer the ball is shown by the technology to be to the "edge" of this margin, the more statistically likely it is that it was in fact a goal. Which means it's not a binary yes or no situation, but a slowly increasing probability as you move towards the edge of the margin. So you have to have a limit somewhere, as there's no way of reasonably using a varying probability to implement a binary decision (goal or no goal). So beyond this limit, it's very reasonable to say it's statistically likely to be a goal.
Good first touch from the crosser
How were we lucky? Absolutely dominated the first half, it was like men against boys. Then defended well in the second.
Probably shaw in the back 3 with williams wing back.
Actually makes sense when you think about it. Shaw is incredibly reluctant to get forward but is decent defensively. Brandon is the complete opposite.
Vardy's the penalty taker, he's normally good. Why change it?
If Vardy had been more reactive he could have gone for the follow up cross, keep alert until the ball goes out of play
They definitely have the players to beat newly promoted sheffield united at home
You realise at fullback he completely nullfies wingers who look to go down the line? It's almost impossible to get past him from the wing. He hasn't got the passing or vision to be a DM, RB is easily his optimal position right now.
No, they HAVE the players. They don't have the mentality, or the coaching, or the organisation to consistently perform to their level. Sheffield are basically the anti arsenal, almost no stand out players but resilient and tough to break down because of their coaching.
What I'm saying is how the fuck is he "Not sure" about that?
Not calling a blatant trip on luke Shaw right in front of him was an early sign of what he's all about
Many Liverpool fans here saying the same too
Its his fault he didn't win the ball and knocked over the keeper
I don't care about one man's opinion, the grand majority of neutrals here are saying it's a foul but it seems to be mostly Liverpool fans claiming it's soft
That one probably wasn't a foul, glad pawson is staying consistently shit for both teams
Yeah seems like everyone just likes to shit on Pereira regardless. AWB should have either taken the shot or placed the cross better. It's bouncing high when it reaches Pereira who's sliding, hard to get good contact on that
Its weird, they've absolutely dominated us but we could easily be drawing right now if we'd finished one of three easy chances
Pretty much every game this season
Pereira in the first half Fred, had a lot of space and at least could have got it on target Martial blasting it over the bar when through on goal
So frustrating, we have a solid top 4 team in there somewhere but it just hasn't come together. With fred playing like this, mctominay and pogba not injured, rashford not injured, we actually have a brilliant starting 11 that could finish 3rd. It's so annoying that now 3 of our most important players are out for the majority of the season.
Why were people expecting an overhaul in the January window? Literally no club does a huge amount of business in january. Summer is where multiple signings can happen. Bruno would be a massive signing and make it a brilliant window, if it gets done.
It's unsurprising that you only see comments like this from people who presumably only watch one or two of our games per season
That just didn't happen though
"He's gonna die, he's gonna die, ed Woodward, he's gonna die" isn't leaving a lot of room for positive interpretation there
Interpreting "fuck you" as wanting someone yo get raped is not even remotely similar to what the mods stance on this is and you know it
If you genuinely believe our defense was better with chris smalling and ashley young as starters you need your head checked.
Just the pressures of the modern game really. You can't afford to bench your star players as a manager with how quickly you can be sacked, everything is so short term.
Tbf you shouldn't be transferring lundstram out this season at all unless he's literally playing no games. If you got him below 5m he's still an insane option just because he's an attacking midfielder listed as a defender, in a good defensive side
I really hope all you immature idiots don't spam our best journalist with hate. It's so misguided and won't help anything.
He reports stuff, it happens. He's tier 1 for a reason, because he reports truths. Occasionally he gives his opinion which people seem to dislike. Either way, if you genuinely believe taking your frustrations out on a journalist because of the state of our club is ok, I can only assume you're under the age of 15. He's offering up a chance for the public to ask him questions and most of the comments here are inane and irrelevant, bordering on hateful. Its not the place to direct your anger.
I'm not trying to roast you, I genuinely cannot picture a mature adult thinking it's ok to direct questions and spam personally to a journalist who has very little to do with the situation. Look at the "questions" coming from this thread and tell me these are adults writing these. Absolutely, criticism is fine, I'm not trying to stop it. But we are talking about a q&amp;a with Simon directly. He's gonna see everything people write, and if our fanbase wants to treat one of our most reliable journos that way, it's embarrassing for the rest of us to associate with them.
If you ridicule the callers it makes it seem like they're just idiots and conspiracy theorists, if you take it seriously it gives the impression they're scared of word spreading, which they are of course
I'm not gonna criticise the hosts here because it's their job and you're not gonna slag your boss off in public, obviously. But the fact that they've had the order from the top to literally censor anyone with a dissenting opinion relating to the ownership or board is embarrassing.
It's clearly the producers call, the hosts have no power over it. This happens every time someone mentions the glazers debt or Woodward on mutv.
Definitely not underrated, I consistently see it mentioned as one of their best and one of the best albums of 2018. It was a much needed change in their sound, they make brilliant music but around that depression cherry/thank your lucky stars era it was all starting to sound a bit homogenous.
Conclusion: literally everyone believes their referees are bad Maybe we should just stop holding refereeing to such a high standard, it's an incredibly difficult job and is never going to be perfect.
I have no issue with ed woodward as a commercial director, in fact he's one of the best in the world at that job. As long as he's nowhere near transfers, or anything to do with football.
I'm not talking about VAR here, obviously the way that's been implemented in England is a disgrace, but I'm talking about on field refs and how everybody thinks their refs are the worst in the world. There are only a handful of referees that the community agrees are good - a lot of them are retired. I can only really attest to english ones because that's all I watch, but our best by a large margin is michael oliver, and I still see people regularly call him a disgrace to the profession or similar abuse/criticism. What is this standard we're holding referees to? I would say it's this idea of a perfect ref that never makes wrong decisions and keeps perfect control of the game. But in reality this doesn't exist, refs are going to make a few mistakes a game that can't be checked by VAR and people remember those and call them shit at their jobs. Then people wonder why we're not getting new refs through the system - might have something to do with the abuse they get for literally every decision they make.
Herrera yes, Fellaini no. That transfer made sense on all accounts. In fact after he left in the January transfer window that's when our form was at its best for years. I don't see a place for him in this current side, even with our midfield this bare.
Sporting are desperate to sell to balance their books, you know nothing about this situation
Yeah never arguing that it was wise not to replace them. I suppose we were relying on pogba and mctominay who are both now injured. The good side of it is that fred's improved leaps and bounds since.
Wait until the window closes
Getting a "we're playing downhill this half lads" team talk at half time always did wonders for morale though
Lukaku was easily our best crosser at the club
Literally one game outside of united in almost 10 years and suddenly the collective opinion shifts to "he's actually a good player". Unbelievable.
We barely have any options for rotation though. In our ideal starting line up, dalot, jones, shaw, matic, romero and lingard wouldn't be playing. I'm also reluctant to call greenwood a starter though he will be with rashford out. So the centre backs, martial and andreas (yikes) were our only actual starters playing.
Long term getting the best out of youth is good for the club. That includes managing loans of players that aren't useful right now to you, and easing others in who aren't quite ready. Poch did neither and it's not just about one player's career.
Most of those exact sentences could have applied to the PSG game. At the time we had martial, pogba, matic and herrera out, all who were starters and important ones at that. We were demolished in the home leg.
But we also had pereira, fred and bailly starting, who were by no means starters at that time, with chong, greenwood and dalot coming on.
How arsenal have managed to trick people into thinking they're broke despite having an £180m front 3 is bonkers. They're not broke, they're just shit at allocating funds.
Yes, exactly like that, except our fans don't try and convince people we're poor lmao
What part of my comment is ironic?
When did my comment imply that I can't see that united are in a similar position? You've just looked at my flair and assumed I was implying something that wasn't mentioned in the slightest
Do you need it broken down more? person 1: arsenal are broke me: arsenal are not broke, they spent 180m on forwards none of your replies make even the slightest bit of sense
What's wrong with that opinion? Doesn't mean I support the glazers or woodward as you're implying. The collective opinion on here is so short sighted, people would happily take bruno for 100m because "it's just the glazers money anyway", when in reality it's fucking the club more than it fucks the glazers to overspend. You can't have your cake and eat it. Either be happy with overspending and don't then complain when a player doesn't live up to his price tag (harry maguire) or be happy with actually having some fucking balls in the transfer market to stand your ground and get a player for what he's actually worth. The reason we're in this fucking mess in the first place is because of our precedent of overspending in the market. The future of our club does not hinge on bruno fernandes.
Who cares what league he comes from? If it's a good deal it's a good deal. If he keeps playing at this level it's a good deal.
The longer he keeps this form up the less relevant that first 3/4 of a year becomes. Players coming from small leagues are always going to take time to adapt, we didn't necessarily buy him for an instant impact. Lindelof had the same curve and is now one of our most important players.
If Bruno wins the ballon d'or or we win the CL I doubt anybody is going to complain about 15m euros. It's €65m max as far as I'm concerned, good deal.
Or maybe they're just mods of a huge subreddit they'd rather not be taken down for breaking the site rules? Relax with the conspiracy theories there
Given this subreddit has over 200000 members I highly doubt this is something that's just a few fringe users. It's probably at the point where it's in the hundreds, and letting it go unchecked is just inviting more to do the same, herd mentality is strong. But even if I'm wrong, humour me. What's this great conspiracy the mods are so clearly trying to distract from?
The vidic one isn't inciting violence on anyone, it's just calling him a murderer. Completely different.
Thousands of people chanting not so thinly veiled threats specifically aimed towards one man =/= using a common turn of phrase to a friend in conversation
My point being "It's just a song" is a ridiculous argument. Calling it a nursery rhyme isn't gonna convince me that thousands of people chanting for the death of a man isn't serious.
If we're talking about the chants the mods are clearly taking a "better safe than sorry" approach, the logic being if the chants are allowed those types of comments become more common place. I'm not necessarily for the chants being censored but it's pretty obvious they have an influence on stuff like that
I'm gonna point you back to my first comment, because we're just gonna go in a circle otherwise. I would guess you would probably say you'd have a problem with Hillsborough chants even if there was no actual action taken beyond singing.
Fair enough if that's your stance, I personally don't see much difference between chanting about deaths that have happened and chanting about wanting someone to die.
Look on our subreddit. The mods put up a post about it tonight before this incident because it was already getting out of hand. Most of the comments are just as bad there.
It's threatening a man at his private home, already too far
Fair enough, I should elaborate. If idiots are already showing up at his house threatening him, what's to say someone won't make an attempt at his life? I wouldn't think this would happen in the first place but the chant has clearly had an effect on their actions - so the chant clearly has been taken somewhat seriously, even if not to its extreme.
Endorsing a chant inciting violence against someone even if you don't really want them hurt is directly what lead to this situation.
Does the recent news not make you reconsider your stance at all? Genuinely interested, not trying to be smug here.
Alright, fair play, I guess that's just where we differ on it - I think it definitely influenced those fans to take action. Have a good one.
My favourite was when Ashley young left and suddenly comments start cropping up saying he's always been a good player, why are united getting rid of him
£48m guaranteed, £55m achievable is already being presented at £70m I see
There we go
£45m up front.
But there were no other teams in the race, until barca stepped in. I literally don't understand people who are pissed at our board for negotiating for a good price for 3 weeks, talk about impatient
Poor logic, in that case may as well have paid 100m for him. It comes out of our transfer budget.
"Bruno Fernandes: Man Utd will not pay Sporting Lisbon's 80m euro asking price" - simon stone, tier 1 [https://www.bbc.co.uk/sport/football/51160626](https://www.bbc.co.uk/sport/football/51160626)
Yeah but unfortunately if you're a back up you should be able to be relied on - rojo was not that
Why would he be negative about making a good signing?
Ours are good in the grand scheme of things
If the Harry Maguire "push" earlier wasn't a pen, then that's not either. At least it's consistent.
He's due two this year by law
He actually is about to get an extension, news came out today
Nah if you ever watch the commentary cam they sometimes release, neville always celebrates when we score/ get pissed when we concede without saying anything into the mic, then he'll say something when he's composed himself. For example [here](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2wdDZn7kUps) is him in the recent derby It's obvious he's just a bit overly concision about appearing biased
1-0 victory at the etihad isn't to be sniffed at, just a shame we shat the bed in the home leg.
A man who scored a grand total of one goal against top 6 opposition in two years for us
He barely played last season. So you're telling me bernardo silva was the sole reason man city won the league with 98 points?
I'm completely fine with banter because that's part of football but yours is absolutely dead mate. Get some better jokes.
You do have some shite takes to be honest mate
See what I mean about dead banter?
He's realistic, if you want fantasy read the sun or the mirror
Miles off leicester? They've had a good half season and are now reverting back to their level, which is still very impressive considering their budget. Rodgers is a great coach but they simply don't have the spending power we do, plus their star player is aging. I highly doubt they can turn this into a consistent top 4 team. Predicting set "top teams" in the PL is silly imo. A few years ago chelsea would have been seen as a dominant team, and a year ago people were saying they can't see this city team beaten for the title in the coming years.
Do you genuinely expect ole to announce he's out of his depth and step down? This is his dream job, he's gonna fight tooth and nail to succeed.
Whereas madrid fans, famously reasonable about their team
It's already been over a month. Since they drew with Norwich at home their form has taken a massive dip.
He does encourage the boys to stay hydrated though
This reads like a pep quote
It's because we massively overplayed him for 2 years. He's looked a bit better this season because he's being used more sparsely
If there's one thing you can trust us to do it's good marketing
Because he's unhappy. You don't go from scoring 13 goals in a season to this out of nowhere. If he gets his head in gear he's at least mid table level.
I think he means relegation sides won't let go of their best players in January.
Di marzio has been way less reliable than fabrizio over the last couple of Windows
That is not true though, di marzio reports way more than romano which ends up with stuff like [this](https://gianlucadimarzio.com/en/manchester-united-one-step-away-from-closing-bruno-fernandes-deal) whereas Romano is more [cautious](https://twitter.com/FabrizioRomano/status/1156955702583320577?s=09) He's been slowly distancing himself from di marzio for a while
&gt;Politcal - relating to the government or public affairs of a country. He's declaring that he wants the US government to change the way the US police force is run.
He was off but the defender intercepted and then played the ball, so it doesn't matter
Can't go for a shite watching the bundesliga, you'll miss 4 goals
The defender plays the ball though and he's onside by then. I suppose you could argue he was influencing play but really the centre back just fucks up his clearance
True but most bundesliga games I've watched have had pretty fast, fluid football and pretty balanced games. The only games I haven't been entertained by were schalke games
Beautiful usage of VAR, it's a marginal decision in real time, the ref made a call and isn't afraid to admit he was wrong. Took 10 seconds and the correct decision was made.
Why should it not?
How is it irrelevant? It just highlights FIFA's hypocrisy and the fact that this is a completely cynical PR move. FIFA is an immoral and corrupt organisation, they don't get to take the high ground on stuff like this.
Alright maybe I was being a bit snarky but really, it's right in the title and if you want clarification click on the link where it says the rule is temporary
We have shaw and williams rotating at left back, that's plenty enough. Shaw for the big games where we need stability, williams is still developing and brings energy to the attack. Lindelof is fine at centre back for now, no real need to replace him. He's better than most people think. Right wing and DM are the only real areas in the starting line up we need replacements.
There are plenty of examples either way. Pogba IS strong, tall, athletic, and it's a huge part of what makes him great - it's ridiculous to ignore that whole part of his game because you're scared of coming across as racist. Yes, MotD is lazy analysis, it's not meant to be advanced stuff. They have five minutes to highlight a player and it's for a general audience. This article is reaching hard, especially when part of their evidence is the quote "*can he make the right decision? Yep, a simple pass to Martial."* which is obviously Murphy praising Pogba's decision making and intelligence.
We're talking about a sport here. It's impossible to highlight positive characteristics of a player without talking about physical attributes. Messi is highlighted for his acceleration and agility, ronaldo for his athleticism and fitness, that doesn't mean they're being reduced to those physical traits. Unless you're a player who's almost solely valued for their ability to read the game, like an iniesta or carrick type player, it's going to be brought up.
Humans in general are pretty nuanced, you very rarely get a solely horrible or lovely person. Everyone has moments which make them look nasty but that doesn't mean they're heartless, or don't love their family, or give back. Sometimes we need to step back and remember we know almost nothing about any footballer's personality off the pitch, or any celebrity for that matter.
13 goals and 7 assists for a no 10/ right mid under mourinho? He was in the form of his life that season
My bad
How can you retain momentum after a 2 month break? When pogba's played this season he's looked like the best player on the pitch. Now everyone's had time off it makes no sense not to play him, everyone is going to be rusty anyway.
It's not really controversial, seems pretty split in this thread. 2 months is a long time, almost as long as the pre-season break. Form is pretty much wiped at this point. Pogba is basically on a level playing field with all the players in the league in terms of fitness, if not ahead because he's had more rest going into such an intense period of games. If it's a tactics thing then yes, play mctominay or Fred, but Pogba is better than either of them by a mile, in almost every aspect. I doubt there's too much of a tactical advantage in benching our best player. He came on against watford when we were losing after a month or so off and was easily the best on the pitch.
Have you not considered that certain industries are just less accepting towards homosexuality so less people are openly gay? I don't really see any scientific reason that homosexuality would be significantly under-represented in industries like football or civil engineering, chances are you're just not aware of how many of your coworkers are gay.
It's sporting PERSONALITY of the year, not just sportsman. And Rashford's had a better season than henderson anyway...
Pipe down. There is no possible negative to what Rashford's doing, even if you think it's a PR exercise it's spreading awareness and actually creating public pressure on the MPs to act instead of just pushing it aside. Where in the article he's written did you think, "he's doing this for himself"? It's pretty clear he's passionate about the cause because at one point he himself was one of the kids he's trying to help. This is such a dissappointing sentiment, especially coming from a United fan, I can't see how you can dislike anything about rashford.
Reminded me of a reddit argument. Just unnecessarily pointing out a slight inaccuracy to avoid responding to the actual point of the argument. And this is our actual welfare minister.
Well how about the fact that he's actively campaigning for government legislation? You're not going to be able to do that without support and influence. Without any public awareness of rashford's cause, MPs can just push it aside quietly. I think you're underestimating how much of an effect public pressure can have on real change. I think he deserves all the praise he can get. He's gone well above and beyond in every sense recently, and is an absolute exemplar of how footballers should be using their influence.
And there are also plenty of examples the other way. Liverpool turned over their best player, Coutinho, for Van Dijk and Allison and won the league and champions league as a direct result. The examples you gave were just examples of bad spending and planning.
Blue monday by new order
Mind boggling how a club like arsenal splashes 75 odd million on another forward in pépé when they're stacked there and genuinely have worse centre backs than the relegation teams.
Sticking a LW out of position there is a better option than starting the season with Mustafi and Luiz as 2 of your main centre backs. Or opting for a cheaper solution than a 75m winger. Just anything that doesn't involve using most of your budget and needing to get Luiz in as a centre back option.
It's 15C in england. We're not used to these kinds of temperatures.
Absolute psycho
At least wait until the end of the season? They're in pole position for a league win and still have a good chance of progressing in the CL. He hasn't had the chance to win 4 consecutive titles so it's a bit of a non point there.
Pretty sure this guy is a united fan, he's called FrenchManc after all. Either way, the point is Zlatan was never bought just for his leadership, he was a world class striker.
John moss has gotten almost every call wrong tonight
You've been under pressure for about 60 minutes of the game. Some incredible saves by both keepers, and some near misses from united. A draw is a fair result, refs been shit both ways
Can't see how people are saying this isn't a pen, Pogba's beaten Dier and he sticks a hand into his back to push him. Pogba probably could have stayed on his feet but why should he?
Nah he's coming back from a season long injury. We've rushed him back before and ended up with him injured again, better to err on the side of caution.
How does this go through your head and you go, yep, this seems logically sound enough to post as a comment
You had 2 good chances and one went in off a goalkeeping error. You defended well with the lead but that game was even at best for you.
I can't believe people genuinely believe there's some huge refereeing conspiracy where refs favour us. You realise PL refs and VAR refs are the same people? If they wanted us to win they would have just given the second pen.
How is that a red? It's an unfortunate landing, but the challenge itself is just a foul at most.
Because it's an innocuous challenge you see all the time at every point in the pitch, he just happened to land weirdly on his ankle. The purpose of the challenge is to challenge for the ball.
But the ball isn't in the keeper's hands when maupay jumps. It's standard for strikers to put pressure on goalkeepers, who are already overly protected. It's a freak incident.
Lovely bloke
You should do it yourself
People are way too harsh on him, he's a victim of his own brilliant start to the league. We bought him for 18m and he was never really expected to be a starter this season. He's an absolute weapon against teams that play a high line and also a penalty magnet. If he can improve his final ball, people will start rating him very suddenly
This Brighton joker has done the double over you this season, and it wasn't using shit rugby tactics like you're making out. Potter has Brighton playing some good football for his resources, look at the injury time goal they scored today for an easy example. Brighton weren't even particularly rough at all today and Leno's injury was a freak occurrence. Arsenal have had some poor luck recently and this is just another instance.
I don't really think you can blame Sterling missing sitters on Sané being injured. He looks like his pre-2018 self where he had almost everything in his locker but was a terrible finisher.
He's not ordinary though. His level before this calendar year under pep was world class, his finishing has just gone for some reason. He was a huge part of why City won back to back titles with \~100 points. Sterling in form starts over sané any day of the week.
Sorry but in what way are they better than united? They're below us in the league for one, they've had an amazing first season back in the premier league and are a really solid team but they've been overperforming for a while now.
Yet another intelligent specimen on this subreddit
People tried to claim Pogba dived the other day too from a push in the back. It's a foul every time
Goal he conceded against Brugge this season was a bit of a howler. But normally he's very solid for us.
Jesus absolutely did not mean that pass edit: [https://i.imgur.com/L0zDk3D.png](https://i.imgur.com/L0zDk3D.png) You really think from this position it's more likely jesus isn't just trying to sidefoot that into the goal? His body position suggests a shot too. Why would he even attempt that ridiculous pass?
Scuffed shot, otherwise it's literally one of the best assists of all time. I watched the replay and he doesn't even glance to his left for about 3 seconds before he recieves the ball. For it to be intentional it would have to be a one touch no look threaded pass between two defenders at high speed.
Yeah after, as you would when you kick the ball and follow it with your eyes. That doesn't really say anything.
That was a brilliant assist but this if intentional would be infinitely harder to pull off with two defenders in the way
Likewise, I can't believe anyone sees that and thinks he's not trying to shoot. Oh well, there's no real way of knowing either way.
Juve are in desperate need of midfielders, maybe PSG if they've got some funds lying around but I doubt they'd go for him
If you don't play him every game like we did for a while he's fine. Most players are still only just exiting their physical prime at that age.
There's pretty much no reason to fire ole this season, even if he doesnt get champions league.
Neuer was injured for a full season in 17/18 when de gea was on top of his game. It was between de gea and oblak that season.
I really don't get why this subreddit constantly defends players that don't give a fuck. Yes, he's living a life of luxury doing the bare minimum required to fulfil his contract, we're all very jealous. But he must know that he's letting down thousands of people every time he plays by not putting in effort, stealing a wage and contributing to the downfall of his club. Is it really too much to expect athletes to have some pride in their work and actually try? This guy is wasting his prime years being stubborn and his legacy will always be one of the most frustrating players in history.
I don't have thousands of fans relying on me for an office job. It's not comparable. In any case, I have some pride in my work, I don't just do the very minimum required of me not to get fired.
Obviously he did care at some point though or he wouldn't have made it this far. And he was world class for arsenal before his new contract.
Deflected free kick, tap in, and penalty
A hat trick against any club is something to be excited about, plus in general he just looked sharp and motivated.
As an English person I think a lot of the magic of those two tournaments came from the "exotic" countries they were hosted in (relative to the UK). Also nostalgia always makes us see the past through rose tinted glasses.
You think an indie folk artist has as much mainstream appeal of one of the biggest pop stars on the planet? Phoebe has 3 million listeners on Spotify, billie has 42 million. You cannot even remotely claim they have equal mainstream appeal.
It has nothing to do with me wanting her to be alternative. It's just a fact, she is not as famous as billie Eilish, I can't believe this is up for dispute - it's provable in sales, charting figures, stream figures, followers, in every single way. I'm not even a big fan of phoebe, and I like way more mainstream artists than her. I'm actually pretty sure you're trolling at this point because of how ridiculous this take is.
You made it too obvious
[lol](https://www.reddit.com/r/indieheads/comments/h92trt/phoebe_bridgers_aged_12_or_13_i_was_just_like_im/fuwhmwc?utm_source=share&amp;utm_medium=web2x)
Somehow doubt Werner will be popping in to Chicken Xpress for a little snack too often
Why would you celebrate like that after that goal
Your team blows bubbles to get hyped
I will never understand people who pick an english club but actively root against our national team and fans
That's like saying stealing isn't against the law if you get punished for it
Anything intentionally against the rules is cheating, just because it can be inconsequential in football doesn't make it not cheating. Yes, every player that has intentionally committed a foul has cheated, I'm not saying it's the worst thing in the world. We really don't need to get into the philosophical here.
Ok mate, we've just won a cup game in the 118th minute, let's leave it and be happy
Reddit ads aren't even that intrusive though... I genuinely can't think of a less useful premium service
Yes, Sheffield are in even worse form than arsenal. They conceded 3 goals to Steve Bruce's Newcastle
Still very weakly defended even if the goal was offside. If lundstram managed to stay on that goal was still very achievable
That's perspective mate
Under the rules it's a "deliberate save" so lundstram is not exempt from being offside.
Peter walton waiting for the VAR confirmation before he reiterates whatever decision his coworkers made
If you don't have men on the line you allow then to crowd the goal mouth unmarked and just score directly from the corner. Playing an offside trap just for the possibility of catching a player offside from a second ball is silly
James maddison dressed like a 2000s gangsta rapper
The Sanchez/Mkhi deal was a joke for both clubs but I'm gonna say \~£120m for Coutinho is probably the worst deal in football history.
&gt; I think sams the right man for the west ham job right now. He'll help us be organized and punch above our weight against the big boys. If we stay up we'll be in prime position to get the olympic stadium and after that the sky's the limit :D Poor bloke
At least he still could be a top player. Young talents have skyrocketed since Mbappé went for 100m+ after one great season in Ligue 1, and he's only gone up in value since. With Coutinho everyone thought it was a ridiculously high fee but at least they were guaranteed a world class player, consistently one of the best in the premier league. Nobody could have predicted he would be as underwhelming as he's been.
It's a self deprecating joke, he's not dispelling rumours of his transfer to real madrid
How was Pep wrong on Hart when he's clearly failed at every club and national level since? Bravo was also a failure but that's not really relevant. Ederson is an integral part of how City play under Pep, even if Hart did retain his shot stopping from his prime they wouldn't be able to play the same level with his ball playing ability.
And something like 36-4 on aggregate goals
Such a stupid comment deserves a stupid response
