I can definitely see them spell, "Love", but it's hard to see "Keiko", mostly because you don't see them from the beginning of the spawn in the video.
Can't wait until 10 years from now this same conversation is about Diablo instead of Blackberry.
&gt; Activision Blizzard can 100% make a remastered D2 where the skills/effects look and feel the same but in high def. A remaster and a remake are different beasts. A remaster is simply updating graphics and presentation without changes to code. The belief is that a remaster is not technically possible, due to how the game was written. A remake is a complete rewrite of the game to implement the same mechanics and code in modern standards. A remake takes a lot more money, which Blizzard/Activision is likely unlikely to invest in as the return is arguably low in comparison to the cost. It's not a simple matter to replicate code behavior. It's very hard, in fact. It will take a lot of work (and by extension, money) to replicate the exact behavior players will expect in a remake of D2. It's hard for the same developer to write the same behavior twice, imagine how hard it is for someone completely unaware of what the original code did to do it. This isn't a simple thing. Edit: To put the last point into terms a non-developer can understand...think about your morning routine. How often do you do it EXACTLY the same, and I mean literally the same? Take the same exact steps at the same exact pace, spacing, etc. Do exactly the same things exactly the same way? Probably never, there's always slight modifications even if you don't realize it. To replicate the same exact behavior you have to write code that compiles in that same exact way. It's almost impossible. Without the same code, you create different results. Things interact differently, which can be a chain of differences that results in a completely different experience. The likelihood of replicating the exact behavior all of the fans want in a remake is almost non-existent.
Right, just like those few people who still have Blackberries even though far better options exist at this point.
&gt; Possibly, I have experienced your pain a few years ago when I tried POE out the first time back when act 4 was the end act, the boss took me 30mins of respawning. So, I didn't like that boss at first either, but after fighting him a few times he's actually a pretty easy boss. He gives clear indicators for almost everything he does, but if you don't know what they are you get completely demolished. The problem is that I think that makes him very poorly designed. I shouldn't have to know everything about the boss before fighting him the first time to survive him. But if you don't know what he does before those tentacle attacks, or how he teleports around and explodes when he resurfaces, you simply don't stand a chance.
Except the EXP bar now doesn't properly fit in the UI that it belongs in, which would kill it for me entirely.
Chunsoft has done every single great Mystery Dungeon game I've ever played. There's a few that are okay, but they aren't from Chunsoft and once I realize that it usually immediately makes sense why they're not as good. If I see Chunsoft's name on a MD game, I'm immediately buying it. Especially if it's a full reset game like Shiren the Wanderer instead of the ones where you keep level ups and stuff (makes them more fun to me).
&gt; What I do find interesting is that the FBI is not only on to the travelers program, they are down with saving the world and giving it oversight. They now have US federal resources. Which, if that's how it plays out (multiple other explanations are possible considering this show...), explains why the Director didn't stop any of the events of the finale. It wanted people to know about The Grand Plan. In a way, it makes sense. Someone in the trailer said it well, "You guys have done some crazy shit and nothing got better." Which means the shadowy organization approach isn't working.
&gt; They should have no knowledge of "earlier" histories like the version of history 3468 and team knew before jumping to the 21st. This is consistent with Faction Walt not knowing that in the "original" timeline, Shelter 41 collapsed. And then he didn't believe it when he was told. They basically have no idea what they're fighting, and they don't seem to care. That's not completely true. Sure, he didn't know about Shelter 41, but that doesn't mean they don't know some general information like how long the Director has been touching history, some of the grander attempts to change things, etc. They don't know all the details, sure, but the Director is the only real constant. It knows what it's done and what has changed. Otherwise the entire concept doesn't make sense, something has to know what to do and what strings to pull. Which means there's got to be some sort of log or documentation on what was altered and possibly what effects those actions had. So if some rebel faction got their hands on some of that information, they could tell that the Director is having no long term effect on the world. Their intel could have easily missed the information about Shelter 41 (or the rebel leaders left it out intentionally), which is why no one believed the story about it. It would also support their idea that the Director is not doing anything positive, because they don't even see the one good result we know about.
It's clearly not going to stick considering multiple scenes in the trailer (like Carly's baby daddy pointing a gun at her, and the multiple lines from McClaren's wife), and it's not a memory wipe for all of humanity.
No, but the point is that the judges today aren't technical and don't want to learn anything technical, while the judges of tomorrow who are technical will be happy to learn something new about technology, because they've been interested from the get-go. Technology practically as a concept came into being when they were in college or later. It's not that they are unaware of newer concepts or finer details, it's that it's so mysterious to them that they don't even have a foundation of understanding that they would if they were younger when this stuff was new. That foundation is what allows you to understand what a 0-day vulnerability is at its core, what an application server is, etc. They don't even have a basic understanding of any of this stuff, it's all black magic to them. In thirty years, I may not know what the latest trends are and the latest "hip" programming languages are, but as a general concept I should be able to understand them unless programming as a whole changes so utterly dramatically that I would have to learn it again from scratch. And if it did, and I didn't put any effort into learning it, I wouldn't give a shit when you tried to explain it to me because it'd be too much new information on a brain that's already locked in place and isn't up for learning too much new shit.
&gt; People don't get more technical knowledge of technology just because they started using iPads when they were 3. No, but they're far more likely to be interested in it because it's far more approachable today. You missed the entire point of my post. I didn't say that there was some magical association. My point was that because technology existed from a young age, they're more likely to be interested in knowing what makes it tick, which immediately makes it more likely that they will be able to understand more intricate problems.
I'm not surprised Kingdom of Ash won for Fantasy. It was a decent read even if it had its problems, and as a conclusion to a 16 year story in the works...there was tons of anticipation behind it. I wouldn't have expected anything else this year, to be honest.
I still find it absolutely ridiculous that they burned the mansion down in a graphic novel and never once brought it up in the TV show. They just expected us to have known for no apparent reason.
I'm introverted but seriously....you can figure out when a private conversation isn't including you. Like when your girlfriend and all her lady friends are talking about one of their relationships...you're not invited. Introversion isn't an excuse to be a creepy motherfucker.
It's because they found the "get rich quick" part of it. It used to be that to get money off of games you had to invest into them. Then some asshole did a bunch of research and realized that the game doesn't have to be good to get people to spend money on it, it just has to trigger the same brain responses an addiction does. So why spend a billion dollars on a project that makes two billion when you can spend a million on one that makes ten billion by abusing the user base? These games are very similar to drugs. They honestly need to get banned. But how do you determine what's legit and what's not? You can't, not really. So it'll likely never happen which will result in a serious dramatic drift in how games are made. Some of the schemes can be prevented, like the lootbox-like microtransaction systems, but some games just have, "Buy more time to play for $0.50!" every thirty seconds and that's not gambling or anything that's technically illegal.
The second part is not a problem if Switch rankings and PC rankings were two different things, like I suggested. To deal with customization options missing, if the game was coded properly it would ignore customization options that the server says you have that don't exist on the game yet. The first part is just Blizzard being greedy, which we shouldn't expect anything else anymore.
&gt; And also space Nazis? They weren't really Space Nazis, though. They were aliens who got stuck in WW2 era and decided that Nazi Germany was more likely to give them the means to get what they wanted since the Nazis would be desperate when they started to lose (or were shown that they would lose). They made it clear pretty early on that they didn't give a shit about the Nazis. They were just helping Nazi Germany because Hitler gave them everything they wanted in exchange for power. Plus I think that they realized that wiping out the Allies would have destroyed the Federation/Time Popo, which they wanted since the Federation/Time Popo was their enemy.
&gt; Then, there's one point in Other M where Samus states that this is the first time she's working side by side with the Galactic Federation, which really contradicts all of Metroid Prime 3: Corruption. So, some people asked Sakamoto if he thinks of Prime as non canon because of all that. Except that contradicts like...everything. Isn't the station she gives the Baby Metroid to at the end of Metroid 2 a Galactic Federation station? And who ordered her to exterminate the Metroids in the first place? Actually, I just took a look at the NES Metroid instruction manual and it literally mentions the GF hiring her there. So if she actually says that in Other M (I never played it), then the people who wrote the story for the game were not only bad at characterizing Samus, but flat out didn't know Metroid lore at all.
They had a special small terminal they created that allowed people to sync and desync from the stones so that the barber scenario didn't happen again. [This thing.](https://vignette.wikia.nocookie.net/stargate/images/e/ef/Tau%27riStonesDevice.jpg/revision/latest?cb=20091003210232) I find it unlikely that they would have been able to replicate the Ancient technology in a far smaller, more efficient, and better form.
/r/lakelaogai is going to get more visitors soon.
&gt; It just means that the main game as envisioned is done That's not guaranteed. I don't expect this from a DQ game but I've seen many cases where a DLC plan means they intentionally intend to leave out something so they can add it later as DLC.
Destiny 2. They flat out intentionally associated raid content into DLC and then cut it out of the base game. The raid was only added because the rest of the story wasn't ready yet, and left that extension of it to the DLC. Hell, if I remember correctly the original Destiny did it even worse than that, but I didn't play Destiny 1 so I can't remember. Borderlands (the original game) continued and truly ended the story of the game in the DLC after the intentional ridiculously unsatisfying original ending.
&gt; Pretty much no one is so free spirited that they want to work many years to create a game and not profit of it and end up on the street after the work is done. That's....that's basically what indie developers are. They make games because they want to make a fun and engaging game they would themselves play because they couldn't find what they wanted in the market before they started playing. Some people actually like doing what they do, and the money is secondary. And some developers end up making so much money off their games that money is no longer a factor to them, so they stop caring about how much extra content costs and instead focus on making a great game because that's what they love to do. There have been several indie developer interviews where they say that they made far more money than they ever expected to make and it's not a relevant factor in the equation to them anymore.
Still better than the "one building that houses the entire Internet" plotline in Arrow S6, even though it's a similar concept that equally makes no sense.
While you're not wrong, I guarantee you those guards weren't kind to the mutants, especially because they were mutants. But even if they weren't, prison guards are infamous for beating the shit out of prison inmates just because they can. It's not even remotely surprising that they would attack the guards.
"Hijinks" as a kid could mean almost anything, most of which would be harmless. I somehow doubt she was doing anything a normal teenager her age wouldn't have done. Also, when you consider how many people got booted from their parents homes as teens simply because they developed powers...it's hard for me to believe that she was doing anything legitimately wrong.
&gt; The stated ages of characters in some games they took down were 18, so they're 18. If you have a character that's "50,000 years old" but looks 10...are they really 50,000 years old, or are they 10? There's a reason these characters are always given a crazy high age, it's to skirt around the idea that it's essentially animated child porn.
I think the big one was this most recent episode. Jen calls Anissa, while they're still in Club 100, and they just stand still and go, "OMFG JEN!!!! WHERE ARE YOU?!?!" They could have easily quickly left before saying anything loudly and the show wouldn't have changed at all. It's a glaring hole in the episode.
It wouldn't be the first time the silent ones are the ones who are the worst. We don't hear a lot about Barron and one of the sisters...I forget who. I honestly wouldn't be that surprised if she ends up being some huge mastermind of crazy proportions.
And in the middle he decided to be the desert dwelling leader Khal Drogo.
It honestly seems like they still haven't figured this out after three games with online modes and years upon years of experience to draw on for online multiplayer (bring someone in if you absolutely have to). The matchmaking is terribly inefficient and poorly designed, and I still refuse to get over the fact that if I want to play 2v2 teams with a buddy my buddy HAS to be playing on the same console as me, for absolutely no discernible reason. They can make an absolutely amazing game but fuck up every supplementary system, it's mind boggling.
That's because "don't have plans" is PR speak for "we have nothing to reveal right now". It seems unlikely that they would leave tons of work abandoned like that.
Your example isn't really valid considering that was the days before you could patch in any uncompleted content at a later date. As far as we know the only reason they dumped Lagiacrus is because they couldn't perfect his animations with the new system, which while it's a good reason to drop it before release is not a good reason to abandon the content entirely when they have plenty of time to perfect it now. All I'm saying is that I wouldn't be even remotely surprised if he shows up in this expansion. A few more Thunder, Water and Ice monsters would do the game wonders and Lagia is a perfectly good Thunder monster to waste if they throw it away when it's at a 90% complete state to begin with.
It's not a World meme. It's a general meme about game titles. [See more here.](https://knowyourmeme.com/memes/knuckles)
That's somewhat unfair. We do have good people in this country. We have smart, caring people. But they're not getting into politics. They never will, because it's a cesspool. So all the things we want in our leaders, we'll never get because our administration as a whole does not support the idea of a leader being a good person. The people we want in leadership roles are not looking for political leadership roles.
It's also a hundred years later. It's possible as S31 developed over time they realized that being even remotely open about its existence was a bad idea. Also I find it amusing that we went from S1's theories about how the entire ship was a S31 ship to people being flabbergasted that anyone knows S31 exists at all. Pick one guys.
&gt; People tend to forget how burned and messed up the IG was after the snap. Do you have an imagine of that? I must have missed that entirely in the movie.
Thanks.
[Discussions like this always remind me of this.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wn5K9S3kNo4)
&gt; He had a phobia, which he overcame. When did he overcome that, because I don't remember that at all.
I think you guys are going to be surprised if you expect them to kill a bunch of characters. This isn't a movie universe. Unless they're very minor characters or characters that aren't working they're almost always fine. Between all the shows I could see them offing one character, but more than that is very unlikely. Even that one character would likely be someone who wanted to leave anyway, like Stein's actor did last year. Which makes it likely that they'll kill off Oliver, as Amell doesn't want to do it anymore anyway. He wanted this season to be written as if it were the end, but I bet they talked him into staying until the crossover so that they can kill him during this.
&gt; (except for crits which do normal damage I believe) This is correct. Critical hits have a multiplier on your normal damage (I think it's 1.5x) and also ignore defense, so metal slimes always die from criticals.
Anlucia is a weird choice, considering she's essentially the main NPC protagonist of DQX, which was never released outside of the US.
That's true but it was also a Nintendo owned IP, where Dragon Quest is not. Plus with how little SE cares about DQ overseas (barely any at all), it's just rather odd in my opinion.
Yes. Immediately. There are several novel series' I've read that have character organizations that are all about lying by omission and similar traits where you don't actually speak a lie. Studying those characters is practically training to do something like this. Examples: Aes Sedai in The Wheel of Time are entirely all about never lying, but giving enough information to skew what people think the way you want them to. The same works for the Invernios in The Girl of Fire and Thorns series. They're all about never lying, but they have developed ways to get around that.
&gt; I think that the writers were implying that he chose not to because, to him, his mission was complete. It's an intentional contrast between 0001 and Grant. 0001 attempted to complete his mission, failed, and puss'ed out and ran for his life when his entire objective was to die in the first place. Grant sends the message and decides to stay, even though he had no directive to die. But somehow I don't think Grant will end up dying. The actor is one of the main Executive Producers on the show as well. If there's a fourth season, I don't see him not being in it. I wouldn't be surprised if his role changes in the show, though.
And also for Marcy to be willing to kill herself. If she wasn't willing to die she may have given access to the backdoor to 0001.
The problem with that theory is that if you replace half the cast next season, a lot of viewers will drop. They're better off creating a spin-off series instead if that's the plan. That's what killed Scrubs: Med School. It wasn't supposed to be Scrubs Season 9, and as a result when half the cast was missing no one watched because they were expecting something else, even though it was honestly a decent spin off. It not being set up as a spin off ruined it.
I still think a Slime whose Final Smash is Mega Magic would be amazing. It's a shame it won't happen if Erdrick is the actual character. As much as I love DQ representation and am a huge fan of the franchise, I really don't think another sword user is a good idea. There's plenty of DQ characters that could have been choices, especially since the franchise is legendary in Japan. A lot of them don't use swords. If his Down+B is a counter I'll be furious.
If it has the battle theme, the boss theme, and the pre-boss theme, it doesn't really matter what the default music will be. We can just turn it off.
&gt; Some people I work with have been on contract for over fifteen years now, which I think is wrong. I work for a company that does the same. IT contracting is all kinds of fucked. Big companies will keep you on for years as a contractor because it's much cheaper than hiring you full time.
That's a bad example. It's not that the olives cost $40,000, it's that the collective weight of those olives saved $40,000 in fuel.
Axl was supposed to replace X. But the backlash from X being in the sidelines most of X7 made them rethink it. That's why Axl shared the same abilities as X in X7 and overall was mostly a clone of X.
Honestly if it had 8 real MMX style levels instead of 4 (before the Sigma stages), X8 would have been a great game. They definitely tried to mix it up a little more than they should have (you can buy special upgrades along with finding some on maps), but it was a decent game when you were actually platforming, and it used it's "3D on a 2D plane" graphical approach really well for a PS2 game. Also there was some cool customization options in X8. Zero had more weapons than the Z-Saber, Axl got his own boss abilities and his copy ability mechanic was used really well, and X could mix-and-match his armor pieces however you wanted resulting in some pretty cool options.
Plus world-wide issues are easy to dismiss when you have tons of personal issues. I forget the full details but I remember reading about this a long time ago (maybe someone can fill in my missing details). Basically, you only start caring about less immediately threatening issues when the "closer to me" issues are resolved. For example, if you are starving in a ditch, being happy isn't really a priority. If you're no longer starving in a ditch, being happy suddenly shoots up to the most important thing. By that logic, the fact that the world is in complete disarray is secondary to the fact that she fears for her life because she is fairly confident that her husband is no longer her husband, he's basically a stranger, yet has full access to her at all times.
&gt; On the other hand, assuming Grant survives 9/11, David will be the only person in the new timeline he knows and trusts to keep a secret. It would make sense for him to make contact with David if he isn't already been contacted by other travelers. But how much of that trust is because he was in love with Marcy?
Fair enough.
I don't think it's Netflix, I think it's the Producers intentionally writing an ending that's not a cliffhanger, in fear that they won't get renewed. Brad Wright (the main Executive Producer) has a lot of experience with shows being canned randomly by their networks (All three Stargate franchises), so I assume he took the opportunity to write a true ending while he had the chance.
&gt; I think the Director intended for Seattle to be nuked. I disagree. When the Shanghai team failed, I think the Director already gave up on the timeline. It already planned the full reset that 3468 would pull off in the end, realizing that 0001 was going to take control. So the only way to stop it was to let things escalate and go fully to shit. Marcy had to experience David dying so that she would be willing to die and prevent 0001 from getting the backdoor. Using David as the final messenger to call Protocol Omega was the last straw, it was intentional.
The ridiculous thing is is that the US SHOULD know that, because as far as I'm aware every time a police issued gun is fired it's supposed to be logged. We should at least have a fair estimate.
&gt; Trump has done numerous things worse than that but as a Christian myself i dont know how that doesnt trigger a flag in Trump supporters. My "Christian" father kept claiming that it just makes him an alpha male and he doesn't see a problem with the guy being able to get "women that attractive." Cognitive dissonance is real. "It's okay for this guy that I support because of [completely illogical reason that doesn't fit my beliefs in normal circumstances whatsoever because I don't want to admit that my support is ill-placed]."
&gt; I'm not very optimistic that we can get enough people on board for an overhaul or sweeping amendments, no matter how logical and needed. The bigger problem is if we did. If we got enough people on board for an overhaul, it wouldn't be an overhaul we support. It'd be an overhaul sold to the highest bidder. People were seriously concerned that the Republicans would get enough people in office to do it with the midterms. If it had happened we'd all be fucked.
I think if it was built into the original Constitution it would have been less so. But to introduce it today? Not a chance. It's too late for that kind of a thing.
&gt; I'd be willing to bet my 401k that the majority dropped out, possibly because of a lower than average IQ. Right, I wouldn't be surprised either. Because an average IQ is just that, an average. Which means a large portion of people are above it, and a large portion of people are below it (IQ's don't really get excessively large deviations where some guy has like a 10,000 IQ that skews the entire average). As a result, that average IQ of ~80 means there are A LOT of people below that, and they are morons. Unfortunately that's just the reality we have to deal with. &gt; Most of the Republicans I know are completely humiliated by their party. I have not met a single Republican that has walked back on their Trump views. Whenever I try to debate them they double down, every time. It's a waste of time.
Already did that during Thanksgiving this year. It was awful. Not worth the effort or the resulting atmosphere of the room.
Sounds like the book you'd write if you were on an acid trip.
Well, there's that, but there's also the issue where Javascript doesn't compile into something like C#/Java do. A package is one file (excluding its dependencies) in C#. Maybe you add in some readmes and some other stuff like that, but it's not like JavaScript. A big package in JavaScript, even without its dependencies, can be hundreds upon hundreds of files and an absolute mess. Especially more recently when npm became really adopted over people dealing without it and making clustered bundles.
[Here's](https://allhiphop.com/news/soulja-boy-s-ready-for-war-with-nintendo-over-his-new-game-consoles-aC8EgeMfwkm7qVdwyQRzrw/) [a few.](https://www.videogamer.com/news/rapper-soulja-boy-is-selling-more-ripoff-consoles) Basically he's selling emulators with a bunch of games on them and thinks that it will sell legally. Then got really upset when people called him on that shit and Nintendo sent him a C&amp;D.
Yes, it was obvious. Her being alive was the most wasted reveal and characters thinking she was dead was pointless tension and cause for conflict.
&gt; My only gripe was I think they could have done without the Black Manta storyline. I get that they are trying to set up the sequel, but they could have done without that part and focused more on Orm and the conflict between the two brothers. It honestly felt like the same problem they had with Black Panther, where they tried to stuff two plotlines into one movie which made it feel like it was too cluttered in retrospect. Black Panther even had the "main character fails in a fight for the throne but comes back and wins in the end," which I felt like was very poorly placed considering BP isn't that old of a movie and yet overall both movies shared an identical plot. The only major difference between the two was that Aquaman was trying to take the throne while Black Panther was trying to keep his, but outside of that the end result was that while the hero goes to get his groove back, the bad guy goes and builds up his assets for a war with the everyman's world, ending in an ultimate battle for the fate of the world on a battlefield the world does not know exists. Wow...now that I think about it these movies were fucking identical.
The name makes sense...but it's just not a good name. Even in the context of the real world. I can't imagine the Supreme Leader of the seas walking up to people and going, "I'm the Ocean Master!" with a straight face.
That's what I was thinking too. I'm not surprised they kept him alive, but if they were going to keep him alive they shouldn't have given us that really long drawn out crash and fall shot he got at the end of the fight. Just have him shot off the ledge and fall into the water. Instead they had him tumble and bounce off the rock face ten times like he's Wile Coyote.
[I always enjoyed *The Venture Brothers'* joke Scooby Doo reference.](https://venturebrothers.fandom.com/wiki/The_Groovy_Gang) Basically, Fred is a complete asshole who extorts the gang into investigating "mysteries" that aren't real. Scooby only talks to Shaggy, and that's most likely because Shaggy is as high as a kite and is hallucinating it.
I get that but the title "Ocean Master" honestly sounds ridiculous. It doesn't roll off the tongue or anything like that.
Oooohhh...that's rough. I hope it wasn't a long program.
&gt; The CLI is the only supported way of developing Angular projects for some time now, and will take care of bundling etc., no need for SystemJS/etc. It's not the only supported way. It's the recommended way. Otherwise packages like [@ngtools/webpack](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@ngtools/webpack) wouldn't exist as they exist simply to have an alternative solution to the CLI.
Literally the top feature: &gt; The benefits and ability of using @ngtools/webpack standalone from the Angular CLI as presented in Stephen Fluin's Angular CLI talk at Angular Connect 2016 It exists completely separate from the CLI. Its own description supports the idea of not being required to use the CLI and gives a list of benefits you may gain if you use it without the CLI. The fact that they actively support this standalone package is a direct indication that the CLI is not "the only supported way of developing Angular projects." The claim is complete bullshit. If the CLI were the only supported way of developing Angular applications, they wouldn't have this package alone, it would be built into the CLI and be exclusive to it. Instead it's a separate package. There's a reason for that.
I know what ngc is. It's not the only way to do AoT because a project I work on specifically does AoT through webpack directly without ngc. If you think ngc is the only way to do AoT you have absolutely no idea what you're talking about. This argument is over. You clearly have no idea what you're talking about. Have fun.
It's basically the only changed feature I, as a "hardcore gamer", support from Let's Go. That's where JRPGs have been heading for years. Even Dragon Quest, "the original JRPG" has made that move. It makes sense. Tile-based random encounters were done because of limitations at the time, limitations that don't exist anymore. But all the other shit they changed is a clusterfuck, in my opinion. No abilities, no held items, no actually fighting random encounters...all of these are a huge problem. It's pure simplification of a game that was never that complicated in the first place. Add on the fact that you can beat the E4 with a Magikarp that only can Struggle is an embarrassment to difficulty curves. Pokemon was never that difficult in the first place but that's just ridiculous. A brain-dead, piss easy game just isn't my cup of tea. I really think that if Pokemon does continue this way and keeps the Let's Go mechanics, we'll see Youkai Watch taking over as the catch-em game to play. Youkai Watch 4 already looks absolutely amazing, Pokemon has some tough competition in the coming years; making things brain-dead easy and simpler than the recipe for scrambled eggs is not the solution.
Except you talk with your wallet. I hate this, "You should buy it before you make an opinion," bullcrap. It's never valid for any other game, but because you're complaining about Pokemon you should waste hard earned money on it when every piece of evidence points to you not liking it. How is it any different than the people who didn't like the changes for Fallout 76? Or the ones for the Devil May Cry rehash? Or the hundreds of other games that people shit on without buying it because it looks like the complete opposite of what they want? The bottom line is that there are people who know without a doubt they won't like Let's Go, because of numerous reasons. The fact that there's no actual random battles. The fact that there's no held items or abilities. The fact that the game is severely toned down in difficulty (to the point of being a joke, and several people have made videos pointing this out with the Elite 4). You don't HAVE to buy a game to form an opinion on it. Buying the game when you know you will hate it only serves to do one thing: It builds a thought from the company line that everyone loves these changes, when that's not true. Then Pokemon becomes Let's Go, which is the absolute opposite people who don't like these changes want, but they helped support that transformation by buying a game they never wanted.
To be fair, he shows up with the trident, with the Trench, with the giant squid monster, and they were STILL trying to fight him. They didn't see all these things and go, "We parlay, let's talk." Part of the army still attacked him. So clearly his show of force wasn't so great as to cause a complete surrender. You don't stop a war by showing up and going, "Hey guys, please stop fighting."
On the East Bound side, I blame the fact that the HOV ends and you have like a mile before it turns into the 610 entrance. So anyone on the HOV has to get over to the entrance as fast as possible or miss it. Where I come from, in NJ, they have the NJ Turnpike with two lanes, one for Trucks and one for Cars. Both have all the same exits. If we had something like that, except HOV and Non-HOV, I think it would solve a lot of that 8 lane merge shit that happens because your opportunity to merge and hit your exit is so limited. It would have to be a little more limited in the HOV side (The NJ TP only has exits every 5ish miles instead of every other mile), but they could certainly do it with the more important exits. You see the same problem on the West Bound I10 at the Beltway 8 exit too. Everyone getting off the HOV and rushing to the right side to get on to the Beltway, or everyone who comes off of it and rushes to the left lane so they can "pass" everyone else. That shit causes a ton of pileups and accidents.
Have you seen the Youkai Watch 4 footage? It's a completely different game. Edit: Also, the earlier Youkai Watch games could be difficult. It's a game more about planning and timing than your typical RPG strategies. You didn't control your youkai, that's true, but that doesn't make the game easy. When you execute the specials is critical in the late game. But of course, all of this is about Youkai Watch 1-3. 4 looks to be a complete revamp of the franchise.
Some of this stuff isn't really something to be planned for. It's a result of really poorly designed roads. There's no way to handle being on the HOV side of the road and getting to 610 without jumping those lanes in a relatively short distance. If I'm carpooling, I shouldn't have to get off the HOV an exit early and deal with 10 miles of traffic because the road is poorly designed. But that's what you have to do. The I10-West/Beltway 8 thing is more of a bad driver thing, but even that isn't well designed. You should be able to get to the I10 HOV from B8 without having to go on the normal road, but as far as I know you can't. So all the people who want to drive fast and/or carpool have to deal with miles of bad traffic because the road was designed badly. Some aspects of the roads in Houston are really well designed, like the fact that every highway service road intersection has a U-Turn, Left Turn, Right Turn, and Straight. All of them. Really well designed. But other aspects are just really badly done, like how HOV roads are accessed.
I'm not OP, but honestly I can never play HC in a game that's really RNG based like Diablo and most ARPGs are. There's so much potential to be completely BS'd by the RNG that it's really an unfun prospect to me to have to start over because I got the wrong combination of (essentially) dice rolls. The only game I could see myself doing it is in Path of Exile, but only because when you die in HC you just go to the Standard mode instead. Losing my character over something BS would really grind my gears, and I don't play games to get pissed off.
&gt; I actually wish I could get a refund because I felted duped. I get that my bar is set high because of super metroid. In all honesty, why do you feel duped? What did the game advertise that you didn't get? Sure, the backtracking wasn't great and the randomization isn't perfect, but the game was as advertised. I'm not aware of any lies in the advertising of the game, saying you felt duped feels like you're being disingenuous. There's a difference between just not liking the product and being duped.
&gt; The randomly generated layouts idea is a failure IMO. It's not, it was just badly executed by Chasm. Sundered does randomly generated maps very well in comparison. As does A Robot Named Fight. Shouldn't dismiss an entire concept based on one poor result.
&gt; And how is he such a profitable manager? Because he's actually a hands off manager, which allows his people to do what they do, sell paper. Sure, he gets in the way sometimes and makes them do stupid shit, but at the end of the day when they need to actually do work he's not butting in, making sure they are doing their job optimally and all that stuff. He almost never talks about work itself. Which allows them to do their job however they want and apparently they are effective at it. Also, his own contracts when he was still a salesman probably brought in tons of money continually.
Unless they changed it for the Switch version, you lose your character in D3. You definitely do in D3 PC.
Wakanda is also shown on the map in the Iron Man (1? or maybe 2) credits scene with Fury.
Zoom fell apart the second they revealed who it was. That reveal worked in S1 because it was done almost immediately after RF was revealed and it was done in a way that surprised you. They also built it up the entire time before the reveal with subtle clues from Wells up until the reveal, like in his mannerisms and some of the things he said and how he said them. In S2, they never gave any real hints it was Jay/Hunter. People guessed but that's because it wasn't going to be some random shmoe off the street after all that buildup of, "Who is it?!" Then he just takes off his mask and it was just, "This again? Good guy was actually a baddie? Really?" It felt like they were going for shock value and it fell flat, so it seemed really terrible instead. Then when S1 revealed who RF was really early, they used the concept of the viewer knowing more than the characters really, really well. There were many scenes where you saw Wellsobard doing shit he would never do in front of the team, building up his character and his reveal to the team. That was never done with Zoom. One episode they revealed who Zoom was, the next they showed him to the team. It felt rushed, like they didn't really know who Zoom was going to be until the last minute.
I find it hilarious that they removed a setting so the only way to get it done is through the registry. There are so many hidden settings in the registry. Which means they coded to handle behavior and either forgot or choose not to allow the user to actually access those behaviors normally. Which is absolutely ridiculous. Some of them are really, really dumb. Did you know in W10 you can change the color of inactive windows from that dull ass white? Yeah it's a registry setting.
In all honesty, having to do research shows that you want to complete the problem in the best possible way. You take advice from fellow professionals to solve the problem. You don't think you know everything, because you know you don't.
&gt; and just to make sure everyone within a block knows exactly where I am and how cool I am I'll just get a loud soup-can muffler too. I've never thought that sounds good. I just don't get it. Your car sounds like it's choking on its own fumes, how is that a sign of a "bad ass (car)"?
&gt; Only after i bought the better Cable that had the 5 component cables rather than just 3 it was decent. That was such a improvement, its crazy. When Tri came out, I was still with my parents and had to use a 17" TV but I didn't have the 5 component cables either. It was so bad. You couldn't read anything, the colors were terrible...the game was not designed to be played in SD at all.
&gt; Nobody complains about the pacing or depth of season 6. Wasn't the entire Sand Snakes arc in Season 6? People loathed that shit. It's just that Season 6 was mixed with elements of story they did have, or were items that were immediate bullet points provided by GRRM that all the building blocks were already there to complete, like the 3ER cave section and the Hodor section. All of that was praised well because it was already at the end point, the information D&amp;D received from GRRM was all they needed to finish it. Meanwhile everything in Season 8 and a lot of Season 7 were all stuff that they had to find the road to themselves. That's where they consistently failed.
While I overall agree with you, I read a decent theory that went over the concept that Jamie was basically a good man who was addicted to a bad thing that he couldn't help himself from coming back to regardless of how much he wanted. Kind of like a drug addict. The scene with Brienne is basically him being unable to stop himself from doing something he knows is wrong. Whether or not you like that conclusion to his arc (especially after all the redemption setup), is up to you as the viewer. But that as a concept isn't all that bad.
&gt; For those who claim Jon got a happy ending or something along those lines, I say they don’t really know Jon then. Sure he got out of the game and went North but a broken man with a heavy heart and a lot of burden. Also, he won’t live long probably. What do you think a happy ending for Jon would have been? Let's say he never got shanked by his mutineers. He would have been in the Night's Watch for the rest of his life, possibly dying to the Night King. Even if he didn't, apparently the Night's Watch still exists so surviving the Long Night wouldn't have saved him from that fate. He would have never been in love in the first place and would have just been some commander at a castle that's ultimately pointless now. Now after he got shanked...even then, what would have been the happy ending for him? He hated the idea of ruling and never wanted to be a ruler. So being KITN/KOSK/Consort to the Queen would have never been something that would have ended in happiness for him. He would have hated every day, even as consort or married king, because there's still ruling to be done, and Dany wasn't going to do it alone. A bad ending for him would have been him stuck at Castle Black, but the fact that he went into the North and essentially rode off with the freefolk is the best ending he could have possibly gotten from the start of probably Season 7.
The show has always been about the choices people make, and the ones that make the right choices survive while the ones that make the wrong choices don't. This extends into the final season whether or not people like it. Most of the people who were at Winterfell were those who made correct decisions up til now, and continued to do so. The only problem I really have with the Battle of Winterfell is the fact that they intentionally put main characters in the front lines (a bad decision), even their battle commanders, just for the cheap thrill of it and to make you think everyone was going to die. None of those people would have been there, they were all important leaders in some capacity. They would have been behind the lines. If you were in that war room, you wouldn't have been at the front lines. It's stupid. But if you take the cheap thrills aspect out of the battle, it makes sense. Theon and Jorah especially died because they made the wrong choice for their own survival. They made the right choice in honor/their personal preferences, but in survival their choices were absolutely wrong (which is the point). Ed took time to help allies instead of watching what the enemy was doing. Same thing there. Jamie eventually died because he refused to break his ties with his sister, who was entirely a bad element on him. Only exception to me is Sam. That dude should be dead. GoT was never about just killing people to kill them. Their choices lead to their death, whether intentional or otherwise.
&gt; In that respect, yes, this is the best that could happen to him given what he had gone through. But that's ultimately my point. It's the best possible ending the character could have gotten. Just because he's also broken in multiple ways doesn't mean he didn't still get a happy ending. In a different would it could have been happier, sure, but there are plenty of ways the same events happened and his ending could have been 10x worse. He could have been shanked by Grey Worm on the docks. He could have been killed on the way to Castle Black. He could have been forced to stay in Castle Black until the end of his days. But instead he gets to join the wildlings in the far north. &gt; Jon didn’t abandon the Nights watch at the end, according to the director of the final episode. Didn't he, though? Ranging the far north with the wildlings is the same thing as joining the wildlings in the far north. He will never return.
Pretty sure she's saying [石？](https://jisho.org/search/%E7%9F%B3%20%23kanji) Not sure why, though.
But that's not practical for a war battle, it really isn't. The commanders and leaders should be near the back so that they can continue to command and lead. Their job isn't really to fight, it's to make sure that the defense doesn't fail across the battlefield and to direct troops and reserves into locations that are needed to ensure victory. Characters like The Hound, and Ed, I can see in the front. Maybe Tormund, just because of who he is. But Jamie? Brienne? No way. They'd be in the back. Hell, they even mentioned that Brienne's job was to lead one of the flanks. You lead from the back so you can see what the status of your entire flank is and redirect forces appropriately.
This will probably get downvoted to hell, but in my opinion we should get rid of tips because they're absolutely ridiculous. No other job gets you extra pay just because you did your job. Unless the server did something utterly fantastic...they were doing their job. That's it. Why are we paying them extra for it? The only reason we do is because it's a common understanding that they cannot survive without it. That they don't get paid a living wage unless we shell out more money. But that's a ridiculous concept, because that shouldn't even happen in the first place. Why is minimum wage being ignored specifically for this one group (and it should be a livable wage but that's a different argument)? In every job I've ever been in, even service work jobs (not serving, though), I didn't get tipped. I did my job at or above expectations, and I got nothing extra from it. But servers do their normal job, a lot of the times they're bad at it, and I, as the customer, am expected to shell out an additional 15-20% of my bill for them based on...what? They didn't do anything special. They did their jobs. It's ridiculous. I understand that removing tipping would be shit for the people who make bank because of tipping, but for every person making bank from tipping there's likely at least another person who can barely survive because tipping doesn't provide enough. Not every restaurant and bar is in a prime location and gets enough business to support the idea that tipping makes you bank. It's just not realistic. That doesn't mean those places are failing, they just don't get huge business so by extension the servers get paid way less. While I can understand why the people who are making bank would hate this idea, not every idea that betters things as a whole is going to be 100% positive for every person. That's also not realistic. But it's better for society. It's better for the people who are getting shafted by this system, and it's better for the customer, who is being told exactly what they are expected to pay instead of making it a math game, and I love math. It's just stupid. Don't forget that most other countries look down on the entire concept of tipping, and in some countries you get outright rejected when you try to do it. That's the correct way to do things. They're doing their job, unless they did something spectacular for you tips are ridiculous. They certainly shouldn't be the default in any profession.
&gt; Dems aren’t doomed in 2020 if it fails. Clinton’s acquittal in Feb 1999 was followed by Bush winning the presidency. Clinton didn’t even get an approval bump after it. I'm not even sure if winning the Presidency is the big end-game at this point. We need to take back the Senate, and anyone who supports Impeachment that sees it fail in the Senate will be happy to vote out anyone who voted against it. The Senate has willingly abdicated its duties at this point. They need to be replaced.
I have my fair share of those, as well. The examples I mentioned are easy to contextualize in a single post but I've had a few really bad bugs where, when looking through the code trying to find the bug, I come to the realization that...this bug will never get fixed truly unless I rewrite this shit from the ground up. This ultimately just annoys me more. It was written so badly from the get-go that it's a mystery that the functionality works in the first place. I actually ran into a piece of code a few weeks ago that is in production that does a timeout of 500ms and after that timeout is done it just...assumes that a synchronous call was completed. Based on absolutely no information that says it is done. The functionality just assumes that it was done and starts doing logic based on a result that may not even be there. The worst part is that a bug like that likely would never come up in a controlled environment because response times are generally fast in that kind of environment. But the second you go to Production and some guy overseas on a VPN or something like that tries to use that functionality...it'll never work. The sloppy, shit-tier methodology to development really bothers me. No foresight or forethought in any capacity.
No, they coded IV's without any intention of players doing what they did with them. IIRC, IV's weren't even something the game really talked about at first, people just kinda figured it out. And it spiraled out of control from there. This isn't all that impractical of a theory. Users go far beyond what the developers expected all the time in all kinds of software. Games are no different, especially back in the 90's.
I almost always appreciate any shot with multiple actors that lasts for more than half a minute. Especially if several elements are connected. It means so many different elements were done correctly over a long period of time, it's very hard to pull off coordination of that caliber.
&gt; I don't know man, I think if I was fucking with a kid and he just decked me with one hit, I ain't fucking with that kid anymore Even if that kid doesn't fuck with the same person anymore, they'll likely just switch to someone else. It doesn't solve anything, it just moves the problem around.
You seriously think a kid that took a month to respond to their own bully is suddenly now the Bully Avenger? Come on.
&gt; And most importantly - the bully saw that, too. Bullies don't see that. Bullies are almost always bullies because they're acting out in response to their own problems. If their main issue isn't resolved, getting smacked down by the subject of their bullying won't just magically resolve those issues. They'll just change targets. The kid who had finally responded isn't going to magically start defending everyone around. That doesn't happen. That kid won't get bullied anymore but the bully didn't go anywhere. They're just going to move on to the next easiest target. That's the grim reality.
That depends entirely on how bad the rear-endings are. I've seen people get rear-ended that causes so much damage to their backs that they probably were better off getting a minor t-bone. And that's from someone who was involved in a t-bone because someone ran a red on me.
&gt; I realize everyone always thinks their city has the worst drivers but holy shit. I've driven in New York City, New Jersey, the D.C. area (and immediately surrounding cities like Arlington)...and I can tell you for a fact...Houston is the worst. Don't get me wrong, you still have to pay attention in any those other cities, it's not like it's smooth sailing there either, but here's the major difference: In all those other cities, when someone cuts you off, they'll use their turning signal, they'll usually give you time to properly respond, and they'll thank you afterward for letting you in (usually). Then they'll almost always go the speed you were going or faster. In Houston? You'll get cut off by someone who doesn't use their signal at all, gives you the finger while doing it, barely misses causing a wreck, and then drops to half the speed limit after cutting you off. The people here just don't give a shit. They are absolutely awful.
They cause more problems than good. When they tried to implement these in my home state, New Jersey, they actually were found to have intentionally reduced the duration of a yellow light so that they could dish out more of these. The law in NJ (not sure if it's the same here, but the same principle applies) is that for every 10 MPH on the speed limit, a yellow light must have at least 1 second. So if your road is 50 MPH, your yellow light must be at least 5 seconds long. Many, many lights were found to have less than half of the required duration after they had a camera on them for a long period of time. They were intentionally reduced to get more tickets. Then you have the problem of people stopping hard when they should have gone through a yellow so that they could avoid a ticket they probably wouldn't have gotten, resulting in more rear-end collisions (which, in some scenarios, could be worse than a t-bone).
Especially when companies like Konami have cashed in.
&gt; Super Mario Bros. 2 This is by far the most likely, if there is one missing. SMB2 is similar enough to the other games while having a very unique flair to it that would definitely need this special system where most of the elements are different.
I don't know many people who are asking Democrats to rush in or start making accusations. The entire call since the report was released has been for them to start doing hearings and start the process for impeachment charges. Which is essentially what Mueller has said they should do in the report. Instead we kept hearing excuses, especially from Pelosi, on why they weren't going to do anything. I wonder what changed, since didn't Pelosi say she wasn't going to do this like....half a week ago?
Yoshi's Island plays nothing like Mario besides the fact that they're both platformers, though. It's an entirely different beast. SMB2 plays like Mario, it's got a few unique aspects but it's not much different from your regular Mario game.
[Except for all those times](https://www.axios.com/nancy-pelosi-rejects-donald-trump-impeachment-fa067c6c-a04d-40d6-8825-c159969c51af.html) she [said she was not](https://www.wpsdlocal6.com/2019/06/02/nancy-pelosi-hesitates-to-begin-impeachment-proceedings/) going [to pursue Impeachment.](https://www.nytimes.com/2019/04/22/us/politics/impeaching-trump-pelosi.html) She always has an excuse for why she won't pursue it.
That's not soon enough.
Also they destroyed Oliver's legacy (everything he did during the show until now is irrelevant because the city gets even worse than ever before anyway). Plus it's like they phoned it in twice as hard for the bad guy motivation and plan. Most of it made no sense, and the wall as a concept and what it did both were awful. It was just all around bad.
Diaz not being the primary bad guy was fine, but the whole idea sold at the beginning was that the Longbow Hunters were the true bad guys. If they wanted to have someone like Dante pulling their strings that would be fine, but instead they introduced Emiko whose only goal was revenge against Oliver for him doing nothing to her. It was really dumb. They had this super evil organization that was well funded and powerful...and they did basically nothing with them. And killing off Dante...what a waste of a potential good bad guy.
That's too easy, they were clearly pushing for that last season anyway. Based on the zero chemistry they had and all the angst Mia had.
It's possible, but they had that "awkward moment where boy saves girl and they almost kiss before they're interrupted" scene that was...just fucking terrible. It was so cliche it was hard to watch.
Pokemon is a casual and easy game that has an inner depth to its battle system for the more hardcore players. The problem is that the battle system, while advanced behind the scenes, is very limited in scope (1v1 only 99% of the time). You can expand upon that scope and keep it both fun for casuals and in-depth for hardcore players. All players were easily able to figure out 2v2 and 3v3 battles when they were in the games in the past. The expanded scope is not hard to understand in any capacity. It's not unreasonable to want the developers to expand 2v2 and 3v3 battles from being a "rarely happens" thing to something more standard. The game isn't magically going to become some impossible to play clusterfuck because they increased the scope of the typical battle. Most people aren't complaining that the games are too easy. They're not complaining that the battle system is simplistic at first view. They're complaining that the gameplay never takes any kind of risk in any capacity. There's never any change. Game Freak/Nintendo is just too scared to take a risk with changing the core gameplay loop in any meaningful way.
If only it was even close to clear on this image. Most of these have no clear definition and the values are just that...values. They have no meaning to the average viewer. I shouldn't have to do supplementary research to understand a simple graphic like this.
I thought I had read that she was leaving after Days of Future Past back when that was new.
I think you're considering the Streisand Effect to be bad for them, but I think it's the opposite. This monitor is actually cheap when you compare it to similar products, even with the stand. All it does is bring more attention to something that the powerhouse professional groups want.
If this were 2018, I'd probably agree. But considering this stuff usually drags on for a long time, I would be surprised if it were resolved before then. The second it's resolved (however it is), "head in sand" will continue in full force. But before then I don't think it will be.
&gt; God damnit give Nova her story! To be fair, Nova has had multiple books with her story. Her origin story was actually a fairly decent read for it being essentially a game-based novel.
The problem is if you miss 50% of the time, that might make for some interesting fun in a tabletop scenario with your buddies, but in a game it's frustrating and, after a while, boring.
For Diablo 1, and maybe even 2, I will agree with you. But in 3 too? C'mon. The fact that Diablo 3's Acts I and II are almost identical in theme to Diablo 2's is a huge problem to me. No innovation at all.
As someone who hates flash bombs (I think making the monster random and unpredictable is a terrible tactic), I bring them for Rathalos simply because his flying is annoying as hell and he needs to sit down.
Go4It? It felt lackluster in comparison to Go2It. It kinda felt like they went little kid's first "hardest level ever" with a billion monsters. I guess that's kind of what Go2It is as well but Go2It was crafted better, in my opinion.
Unless their flash tolerance is capped already, after they get up off the ground they're going to flail around completely randomly. Every monster does it while under the flashed state, it's just that a lot of the flashed state is used by the falling when they're in the air. That's specifically why I bring them for Rathalos, because he never gets out of the air and is just annoying all the time.
I wouldn't worry too much about Palico breeding. I personally almost never used it either. If you want to min-max a Palico for personal use that's pretty much what the system is good for, but I didn't really like playing as one so I mostly ignored the system once I got some cats with a few decent skills and no annoying ones from the cat seller lady.
Yeah, it's basically worthless. By far the most disappointing hunter art in the game.
Not only that but even getting a job as a contract developer almost requires you to lie on your resume because all the H1B's do it and a lot of companies will put impossible requirements on their job listings that only the H1B's look attractive with. For example, wanting more years of experience in a technology than is possible. Wanting 10+ years for "junior" roles (so the pay is guaranteed to be so shit there's no way to live on it in America unless you live with 5 people like H1B's do). I don't mean to be a dick to H1B's, but it's really, really bad in technology in general. Something really needs to be done.
Hands and fingers. In all seriousness, [this is the book I was referencing](https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/147512.Nova). It's probably the best novel-based-on-another-source (game, TV show, etc) I've ever read, they're usually complete trash.
As someone who works for a company that uses them a lot, that has not been my experience. Plus, my understanding is that the attempt is from the government side which won't really help things. The companies will continue to do the same things they have been, and just hire no one instead (or file special exclusions, stuff like that). The entire point of H1B's is that they're "roles you cannot fill with domestic applicants," so unless the companies change their behavior they will continue to not employ US workers.
How exactly am I wrong, then? They're not being dialed back, they're exactly the same as they have been since the 90's which means they continue to be a problem in the tech sector. This problem didn't exist in the 90's, which means a policy from the 90's has no effect on today's problem.
Hate me all you want, but the original Cicada was a decent villain, and should have comprised like 40-60% of the season, which he pretty much did. When they introduced the second Cicada, that's when I lost interest. The original guy had a great backstory and a great purpose, but when the daughter came back from the future and was just angry to be angry, I lost interest entirely.
The problem with Orlin was that they beat him like 3-4 times, but every single time they started celebrating or doing some other crap when Orlin was completely free, just slightly incapacitated. It gave you this feeling of, "This guy should already be beaten, this is stupid," because he *was* beaten, and the team fucked up way too ridiculously.
That's ultimately why the pay is so high. Sure, if you live in a smaller area a $200k/yr income sounds awesome, but the reality is that you're not making THAT much more than someone in a smaller area making $100k/yr, if you're really even making more at all. Cost of Living Differential is a huge aspect to whether or not you're really making bank with a job in a particular region.
&gt; OP is probably just shit at his job and looking for an excuse to lambast others for his own failures. I'm not and am not. &gt; As a H1B who is “stealing his job” I have had no difficulty finding a job, even a good one. Nor have my peers in the field. Never lost my job to an H1B. Never said I did. Simply said I see a lot being hired. &gt; If you know your shit (doesn’t even have to be super well) then you should have no issues finding a job in a field where demand is abundant. No one is denying that. Once you get an interview if you know your shit you're golden. But when you're still on the paper phase, before interviews, during the initial vetting, it can make a world's difference, especially early on in your career.
&gt; That means bottom of the barrel you're still finding positions that pay greater than $100K. The problem is $100k is completely contextual based on the location you're mentioning. A job that gives $100k/yr but is in SF is way different than a job that gives $70k in almost anywhere else that's not NYC. Your comment is disingenuous because it acts like $100k/yr is a lot when in reality in SF it's basically nothing. &gt; All the same the point still stands that the commenter I was replying to is blaming everyone else around him/her for their failure to find adequate positions in the software development job market which means they're likely very much bottom of the barrel and/or unmotivated. You guys really take things out of context. I have none of those problems and never once said that I did. You can pretend all you want that there's not a problem with outsourcing (both to other countries and H1Bs), but the reality is that it exists. It doesn't affect my personal ability to get a job, but I can't help but notice that when I walk around my office A LOT of people I work with are on work visas. Maybe I just happen to be working for a company that is particularly bad about it but I don't really think so, I've heard and read the same thought over the last five or so years, even on this very sub. Ultimately my problem is this: H1B visas are supposed to be specialty workers, someone is filling a role that you cannot find a way to fill using domestic workers (either citizens or green card holders, etc.), yet I'd say 90% of the time I meet someone who is in the US on an H1B, the job they are performing is ***easily*** something a domestic worker fill. There is no way you can tell me that they couldn't find a domestic UI developer or a domestic API developer, or whatever other kind of developer they needed. It was just cheaper to get it from a contracting company that contracts out cheap because they bring in people on H1Bs. So while it hasn't really stopped me from getting my job or keeping it, it just feels wrong. They are not doing something unique that no one else could.
He would take his tail, beat Glavenus with it, and then swallow it whole.
I feel like Capcom is moving towards balancing the game to the tools you have, which is not something Monster Hunter has ever done before. It gave you tools, but they were never required. You could always do a run as a player with decent skill without ever using an item (Except Potions, but technically if you use the camp a lot not even those). However, World's introduction of many different tools AND the ability to have an infinite refresh of those tools has started to make them rely on them too much, in my opinion. Mantles and the Slinger should have been nice additions that made the game more interactive but not required. However, many areas basically required the Slinger to really get around in a usable way, and they've started adding Mantles that are basically major nerfs for you if you don't use them. Add on that the Slinger can stop a monster from running, do special effects to them, and there are a bunch of new Slinger moves in Icebourne, the reliance on it is going to become even worse in my opinion. Additionally, with the infinite supplies and multiple camps, it sort of supports the idea of relying on your items to get you through the hunt, which is not something Monster Hunter ever did before. In fact, it was the opposite. You had such limited supplies in any one hunt you were forced to be extremely smart and strategic with what you used and when. Now, did you waste all your flash bombs, or your traps, or whatever else? Just go get some more! I think it's the wrong turn for the franchise. World does some things great but I think the revised combat methodology is not one of them. Don't get me wrong, a lot of the new movesets are great for the most part (I'm still not a fan of Bow's changes but that's a different discussion), but it's getting to the point where your weapon isn't even that big of a factor anymore, which is a problem when it used to mean everything in how you approached and fought the enemy.
That requires you to already be interested in buying them right now, and if that were the case you'd already get told when you try to actually buy them. There should be something like "0/5" in the space between the item name and the cost.
The funny thing about Hunting Arts is that while they're there...99.9% of the time I forgot to use them. I wasn't punished for it. However, in World not using Mantles is a huge detriment to your ability to fight the enemy. You're expected to utilize them frequently. That's the big difference to me.
Hunters were scaled up using Styles, which were just new movesets with some unique aspects. You could always use Guild Style (classic movesets) with no Hunter Arts and not have a problem. Meanwhile, in World, I feel obligated to use Mantles, the Slinger, and items galore. I spend a significantly larger amount of time with my weapon sheathed in MHW than I ever did any other MH game. This means the primary mode of enjoyable engagement (at least to me) is smaller.
I find it interesting that they're even really bothering at this point, to be honest. Let's be objective for a second. * Phantasy Star Online 1 released on December 21, 2000. * Phantasy Star Universe released on August 31, 2006 (about 6 &amp; 2/3rds years later). * Phantasy Star Online 2 released on July 4, 2012 (about 6 years later). PSU was killed less than two months later. Phantasy Star Online 2 is approaching 7 years old. While I think the game plays great, and the graphics are still pretty good today, how much life is really left in PSO2? I can't remember the last time I logged into PSO2 and the servers were in a high occupancy state, and while I don't often play during Japan prime-time, the game definitely doesn't seem as occupied as it used to be. Additionally, I feel that the update cycle has been slower in recent years, I can't imagine they're going many more years before announcing a new MMO-type project. It's just weird to me that at this point in PSO2's life they're *finally* pushing it outside of Japan. Almost seems too little too late.
The Collection Storage was likely written with the expectation that it would be increased beyond 250. It was a serious caveat in Guild Wars 1 when they introduced the Collection Storage that had the same exact limitation. I can't remember if GW2 release had the ability to increase the Collection Storage cap, but if it didn't it wasn't long before they added it in. Plus the Collection Storage is a little easier to handle, because each slot has a specific item assigned to it while in the regular inventory each slot can be anything. It changes up the storage dynamic a little bit, as you're no longer storing both what the item is and how many there is, just how many there is of a set in stone item.
The only shitty grind thing in PSO2 JP in my experience is the fact that to break the Level 75 cap and go beyond that, you have to grind a 13* weapon to +35 for that class, which can be very grindy and take a long time, as you have to get 6 copies of the same rare weapon to do it. That's why the Collection Files were really added, but it's annoying to do that.
The problem was &gt;!that the whole point of the show was to essentially show the founding members of the Federation (essentially the crew in one way or another). If they didn't end the series with it, it would have been terrible, as that was the overall point.!&lt; Meanwhile, how they did it....wow. That was awful.
&gt; That said, Reed is someone I never liked. I never liked Reed either. His character makes sense, so it's not like I don't like the idea of the character. I just don't like the character. I wouldn't replace him with someone else but I also just don't like him. &gt; Ultimately, season 3 kinda fell apart for me, but they come back and do well. There are a few arcs that are kinda random or bad. I'm one of the few that actually likes the third season, but I can get why some people don't. I honestly enjoy a serialized story more often than "monster-of-the-week" episodes, but I know that Star Trek doesn't really do serialized that often, or it's more like the DC CW shows today where the overall arc is of little importance in most episodes. I especially enjoy the second half of the season &gt;!after the Enterprise gets its ass kicked and has all kinds of problems due to that. I think Archer's need to make extremely tough decisions is a great character arc for him, especially when it came to getting the Warp Coil. I understand why some people might not like that entire aspect of the story but it's really realistic to me.!&lt;
Agreed completely. I think it and Season 4 are equally great seasons.
I don't disagree with anything you said. I'm just basing my thoughts on the history of how SEGA has treated the MMO Phantasy Star franchise. If the history of PSO and PSU are anything to go by, this game is close to its EOL. That being said, I also don't feel that PSO2 has any major issues that it would need replacing. I'm not sure how much they can advance the combat system beyond this point that would need a new engine or anything like that, so it might be a game they intend on keeping around a lot longer. The graphical engine for the game looks fine (even at 1080p it looks fantastic, especially for a 7 year old game), the mechanics are tight and responsive, it's not like PSU where there was tons of room for improvement. I really hope that they're breaking their own trend with PSO2. It could easily last another ten years if they put the effort into it.
Is DQB2 fully open world? I remember that being an issue with the first game.
I agree, it's really weird. Not sure why SD3 isn't getting any localization love, while SaGa suddenly is when it got none for the longest time.
All you need to do is force (and I mean actually force) what they made a few Presidents do, except with most of their wealth. All wealth above [some amount, based on current inflation values], must be invested or otherwise distributed into blind sources that the owner has no information about as to not affect their judgment. Non-compliance means removal from office. The fact that these guys are rich isn't the problem, the problem is that they are rich and they can specifically use their position to further enrichen themselves. That's a very nasty combination, because those who are interested in enriching themselves through questionable means are open to an insane amount of corruption, as we clearly have seen in the past four years with Republicans. It's too risky. But if these guys had no idea where their money was, they wouldn't know what ventures would assist them and which would not. Their spending, trips, and everything else would have to be audited and if evidence appears that indicates that they might have more money than they should, they should get investigated and removed from office immediately if found to spend more money than they are allowed to have while in office. I get that this is strict, but it's the kind of stipulation you need to ensure that someone who is in office is doing what they're doing for the people. This is where we're at at this point.
To be fair, FE has some crazy representation for Smash, and it's always the sword users and nothing else. I can understand the complaints. There's more than sword users in FE, and I think at this point FE has close to the same representation as Mario. It's actually why I was slightly against the DQ Hero/Luminary being added, if only because another sword user. But the DQ Hero *does* have enough unique aspects that they made it pretty distinguished from FE characters which is excellent.
I remember hearing during the early days of the DQ Hero leak that Anastasia (I keep forgetting if that's actually her name, for some reason) from DQX was one of the reskins. If that's true, then I can think of at least 6 characters they can use that are all pretty much "heroes". 1. DQXI Luminary. 2. DQIV Male Hero 3. DQIV Female Hero 4. DQVIII Hero. 5. DQX Story Heroine (who's not the PC). 6. Erdrick. You could also do DQIII Hero/Heroine or something like that as well. DQV Hero is an option but considering we saw him in the final smash but not as a skin makes me think he's probably not a skin choice. But who knows, unless they already announced it all.
Knowledge and Intelligence are two different things. I can be average intelligence and know the most out of everyone. Meanwhile, I can know basically nothing but be extremely intelligent. Just because some person is the most intelligent person in the world doesn't necessarily mean that they've put that intelligence to any particular use.
She probably sees the petition the same way I do...the diehard fans were not going to like any conclusion, so the petition is just petty bitching. They've been theorycrafting for almost two decades (since the original book came out), and these people throw paint at the wall completely randomly and then try to claim that the paint was deliberately set up to draw a specific pattern that they see, even though that's not even close to reality. There are definitely some rushing issues with the final two seasons, and it could have been better, but a lot of the complaints boil down to a combination of, "These specific things I wanted for years didn't happen so this whole season is bullshit," and, "These specific things I didn't want to happen for years did happen so this whole season is bullshit." I'll probably get downvoted to oblivion for this but it's the reality of the situation. If half the conclusion theories people made up became true the story would have been boring, because the masses are *shit* writers. 95% of the, "This should have happened instead," concepts are just so poor, they're laughable and cliche. If the writers had gone with any of them they would have gotten even worse responses. The only major issue with the final seasons was the pacing. It was very rushed. But the story points themselves were fine.
&gt; It's so bad I can't even watch Colbert or Seth Myers clips anymore because just the sound of his voice makes my skin crawl, even if the Trump clip is accompanied by ruthless mocking. I just realized that that's what that feeling is. Pure, unadulterated hate. I hate looking at a picture of him. I hate his voice. Everything related to him brings out pure hatred. I thought I knew hate before, but it's nothing in comparison to the feelings generated by him. Because he is truly ruining everything about this country, and he does it with the scam story that he's doing it to "fix" a country that was never broken in that way in the first place. He broke it. And I hate him for it.
This question is going to intentionally be used to try and make cases for voter fraud come the 2020 election. "This region has high non-citizen counts so clearly the votes are illegal, and therefore invalid." It'll be used to count how many citizens are in a district versus how many votes were in that same district, so that when the voter counts are unfavorable to Republicans they can try and pull any card they can to get the unfavorable votes discounted and removed. Honest rebuttal question: Why do we even want this question on the Census? The Census isn't a citizenship count. It's a resident count, to see how many people live in the United States. That's it. It's not to determine how many citizens live in the United States. It's also not to see the distribution of citizens versus aliens. Therefore, what purpose does it have on the Census? Citizen counts and alien counts can both be obtained different ways, but they won't give detailed living information for those people (because it's unnecessary). The Census will. The question is being added to the Census deliberately to try and attack the election when the results are unfavorable for Republicans. It's another effort to ensure that they never fall out of power because they see that a legitimate election will take it away from them.
Those are all demographics, though. Citizenship isn't really a demographic. An area that has 100% aliens but all of those aliens are black females with a Master's degree and CEO level jobs is no different than if that area was 100% citizens of the exact same. I know the example I just used is unrealistic, but the point I'm trying to make is that Citizen vs. Alien has absolutely no effect on any of the data that the Census is trying to gather or why it's trying to gather that information. Demographic information is used for a wide array of decisions, but those decisions should have no relevance on whether or not those areas are filled with citizens or aliens. They're all people living in the US. Even if you could give me some decent reasons to add it to the Census, the Census has a lengthy process for adding questions for a reason. There is no positive reason to circumvent that process.
I didn't mean to imply that you did, I was just trying to create a counter question to the question you raised. In my opinion when policies and procedures are intentionally circumvented it's less about what it affects and more about who it benefits. There's a reason they circumvented the established procedure, and it's unlikely that it's because it will be a net benefit to the country to do so.
Yeah, it's like how my crazy addle-minded Grandmother would read through a list of diseases and ailments until she found one she decided she had, then shopped around doctors until she found one who would diagnose her with whatever it was. They already had the answer they wanted, they just had to look around for someone who would "officially" give it to them.
I would love a game where you can play as Zelda for once. I don't think a single mainline game has let you do it before.
He doesn't think any of that. It's a gaslighting tactic to invalidate the authority of the FBI. "Oh, the FBI is useless, they won't take anything I say anyway, so we should just ignore them and whatever they say." He's been doing it for months, and I suspect people are believing him.
Yeah even if the food was the best buffet ever, who goes, "Alright...it's the day before regionals. Let's all go to a buffet and overeat!" Maybe as a success story, after you qualify...but before? That's just asking to fail.
I hate to be one of those guys...but honestly, stop going there. When I moved half way across the country three years ago, I decided to stop going to all fast food restaurants like that and it honestly immediately improved my life. First, the stress of dealing with shitty employees who don't give a shit about anything is gone. I tended to get burgers that were plain (I'm not a fan of raw onions, tomatoes, etc.,) and they ALWAYS fucked it up. Anything other than the status quo was a mystery to them. So that stress is gone, because if I do go out to eat, it's to a place that can actually listen to instructions because they're paid to do it. Second, that shit is *fattening*, like really bad, and there's something in it that makes you want more. When I cut out all fast food, a few months afterward I would pass the stores and go, "Why the fuck would I even want to go there?" Before I cut it out, I would pass it and practically feel the need to get something. I'm not saying I had the best eating behaviors prior to the change, but that's a pretty excessive change. Third, not eating fast food allows you to instead eat something good for yourself. Even if you cook the same exact thing yourself (burgers, chicken, whatever), it will be healthier. I take ground meat, add some seasonings to it, and cook it on a grill, and it's way better in every capacity. It's also cheaper. Add on, I'd say in many scenarios it even takes less time, because when you factor in the waiting in line, finding your order is wrong, waiting in line again, and then the explaining how they fucked up, you waste so much time. Then the food isn't even good. You can make your own chicken like KFC (with half the grease), and many other things fast food restaurants provide, with basically no hassle and better results. Sure, you have to learn how to cook it and at first you won't be perfect, but it's a skill worth learning in the long term even if you have no particular goals for doing it other than cutting out fast food. Sorry, I didn't mean to write up an essay here, it just kinda happened. My TL;DR is just...stop going to fast food restaurants, do it yourself, and you'll live a happier life.
I don't really think it was executed THAT poorly. It's half the reason Dany goes off the deep end. Without Jon's lineage, there would be no secret for Tyrion to learn, to tell to Varys, to have him scheme behind Dany's back, to send Dany further off the deep end after Miss Sunday is killed.
And 3 has no modern version, not really. There's the phone version but if you wanted any of the original trilogy on a non-phone device you're SOL unless you go back to the GBC days.
Unless they plan on the first season going beyond the first book (or otherwise mixing the early plotlines differently), Siuan wouldn't make sense for casting this early. If I remember correctly, she isn't a character at all until The Great Hunt.
&gt; they could set her up for season two by introducing Tower politics earlier. Sure, I don't disagree. If they plan on starting some of the non-Book 1 plots early, then I can see Siuan being introduced in Season 1. The biggest benefit they have with this show in comparison to Game of Thrones is that everything is finished, the books are done. That means they can reorganize things in a way that would be better for a TV show and know the repercussions of any change they do before they do it. There's also a few plotlines that would have net benefits for being shorter, or being introduced earlier, especially in those middle books that are pretty acknowledged to be a good amount of slogging. In GoT, I felt that they cut out some plotlines from the books without full knowledge of the effect that would have until it was too late to turn back. That's why characters like Beric lived far longer than they ever did in the books, because they had to make up for changes they did without knowing the costs of those changes.
The problem is that that takes WAY too long to do, which means people will just look up the code and render the entire thing worthless. That was part of the problem with SMM1. They had timed unlocks, but you could just cheat it by spamming blocks. So what did everyone do? Spam blocks. No one learned with the limited toolset and grew beyond that, they cheated right off the bat to get everything.
I think the fact that there's a real single player campaign will stress the fun of traditional levels more than the original game did. It focused far more on building *anything* instead of the result being fun, resulting in people doing all kinds of dumb things. With so many single player levels (they said over 100, right?), it will emphasize what makes a level fun and good.
It's the hair and muscles. He has typical nerd hair until Season 6, and sometime after that the actor clearly starts working out and he gets pretty bulky near the end.
That's honestly what I thought. I never once considered it to be a uniform of any kind. I thought he just had shit-tier taste in shirts/sweaters.
Yeah, his son is the sword user. I just realized a totally cool character idea that will never happen: DQ5 Hero Son and Daughter as a team like Ice Climbers.
Honestly, I don't buy for a second that the workers weren't supposed to know about the parabolic mics. That would have been in all the contracts they signed and everything, you don't hide, "We're capturing literally every noise you make." Now, they probably didn't read the contracts fully and knowing Dunder Mifflin they didn't bring anyone on board that would explain that caveat, but it wouldn't have been some kind of state secret no one was allowed to know.
It would have been character assassination to have her cheat, because the entire reason there was that romance drama at the beginning of the show was that she refused to back away from her previous boyfriend regardless of how horrible of a person and bad of an influence on her he was.
Right, people are going to hate anything that prevents you from starting out with everything unlocked already and having to just figure it out themselves. No one wants to be told that they need to do something extra when they think they already know it. That's why they hated having to do tutorial courses, that's why they hated the block count unlocks, and that's why they would hate any kind of "Dojo" that is required to teach you how to use specific types of blocks.
Hey, since the voting machines being easily rigged isn't a problem for McConnell, shouldn't be a problem.
&gt; OoE to me personally is the only DS game that was on the level of SotN because it was doing something really different and it just worked, the combat was actually good and not just fun for once as well. Also it was hard. SotN is a piss easy game, even for your first time. PoR and OoE are the only hard 2D Metroidvania-style Castlevanias. What I've played of Bloodstained so far is that it's a hard Aria/Dawn, which is excellent because that keeps it entertaining for future playthroughs. Also I read that they're planning on adding post-release DLC for free like a roguelike mode which in a game that's pretty well polished like this would add some interesting dynamics. I've played the DS Castlevania games with a randomizer (DSVRandom) and it's honestly tons of fun, so something similar for this game will be really fun if done well.
The only major difference between Miriam and Shanoa from a gameplay aspect is that Glyphs also form Shanoa's weapons while Miriam gets normal weapons as well as Shards (which are basically Glyphs). To be honest I'd say they have pretty similar storylines too if you consider how Shanoa's story twists mid-way through OoE against Miriam's beginning storyline. Also Gebel is definitely supposed to be indistinguishable from Dracula, and there are quite a few enemies that are essentially the same thing as enemies you would see in Castlevania games (like the fireball monster that's clearly a redesigned Bone Pillar). Which honestly is fine, because it's not like Konami had any intention of continuing Castlevania at this point anyway. Not in a way that would actually be fun.
Not OP, but the "killing off the old avatars" aspect was pretty blah, and the result from that (connecting the spirit and human worlds) had basically no relevance besides the very beginning of Season 3. They basically removed one of the coolest aspects of the Avatar (calling on past lives for advice and power) was wiped out for no real reason and basically nothing gained for it.
That's seriously the best argument you could come up with? Really? You can literally attempt to make that same argument for *any plot point anyone has ever disliked ever.* It's so bad. Let me counter with this: Just because they're not obligated to do anything particular with the story, I'm not obligated to like or enjoy it. I thought it was a shitty decision, and I have **every** right to think that way. The show was never obligated to receive my love just because it exists and is based a show I enjoyed. If they expand on the lore in a way that I don't like, I have every right to decide that I don't like the show. Who are you to tell me that I must like it? See, storytelling goes both ways. You have to tell a story that is good, interesting, intriguing, and captivates the people you are trying to tell the story to in ways that continue to keep them interested and intrigued. I don't think killing off the past lives of the Avatar was interesting, intriguing, or good. It might have been captivating in the moment but after the moment wore off I thought it was crap. I'm allowed to think that, because the story is being told to me, and I am allowed to judge the story based on my own thoughts. "They're not obligated to do what you want," is a shit argument, because I never said they were. All I said was that I thought that their decision to do that particular thing was a bad one. I never said they should have done anything in particular. They told the story they wanted, and if I don't like it I'm free to express that. If the only argument against my opinion about the course of the story is, "Well, they felt like doing that so you should just live with it," then that's not an argument at all. All my argument against the plot point was is that the result of something as interesting and as powerful as the Avatar's past lives being removed from the scope of the show should be something similarly interesting to replace it. Raava wasn't. Raava is barely even used in the rest of the show, except in a very small piece at the very end. Outside of that Raava essentially went forgotten. We gained barely anything and lost a huge gateway to the universe's lore. Why? What was the point? That's my problem with it, and I'm allowed to have that issue regardless of whether you or anyone else think that the result was fine.
There's also a lot of guns that are just absolute garbage, even at the legendary tier. Like 80% of them do almost nothing special or have a very minor boost to a stat, doesn't really feel all that legendary. But if you get one of the good ones... It's so fun until it gets outleveled and then you get bored because everything is shit again.
They probably didn't give a shit or the typo happened near the end of development after that developer was working on something else. Happens all the time in software.
They either are tired of supporting the old software and finally had some random group with some spare time be able to address it...or there's actually plans for Diablo and they don't want to configure new forums with old software. If the new software is easier to set up, it would make sense that they would upgrade before they start working on that stuff.
So it's totally okay to do it now because we didn't realize it was happening 10 years ago for whatever reason? Come the fuck on. This is not right under any circumstances. Feel free to shit on people for not caring until now, but that's not a reason to think it's okay now nor is it a reason to handwave it away as a non-issue. It doesn't really fucking matter if it started under one president or another, the fact of the matter is that it's happening now, people are calling for it to stop, and it's not. Instead we fight over the term that's being used when no matter the term, it's fucking wrong and it should stop. This shouldn't be a partisan issue. It doesn't matter if it started under Obama, Trump, Clinton, or Reagan. It should stop. Right now. Maybe Trump would gain some points in liberals' eyes if he actually stopped it, but instead he allows it to continue.
Honestly the show is like a sitcom. The characters all afford these huge apartments and similar things, and realistically it probably wouldn't be possible based on the information provided by the show, but you just ignore it because it's a minor detail that wouldn't really help if they went over it and made some excuse up.
Because the country is huge and (used to be) run by the people, some of the politicians learned that by starting a war they can magically shore up support because the dumb and uneducated think that just killing everyone you don't agree with is the correct path. As a result, they will start a war intentionally when their support is extremely low as somehow attacking people at random is seen as a "strong move".
First, how does it show force to abandon a plan at the last minute? Second, why is the US even showing force? Iran didn't do a fucking thing wrong. They were complying with the deal multiple countries made with them, and Trump spewed bullshit rhetoric saying they didn't with absolutely no evidence to back it up. If Iran is agitated with the US, the only reason they would be is because Trump is instigating them for absolutely no reason, for things they didn't do. It's total bullshit. There's no reason to show force, and even if there was, what Trump did doesn't fucking show force. It shows cowardice and inability to act on one's plans. He looks like a pussy. I don't want war either, but this makes the US look weaker, not stronger. The leader of the United States can't even make up his mind when it comes to something so critical, but is quick to jump to pushing the trigger as fast as possible when a random thought passes his mind.
But that's just the thing. There's really three huge gaming markets (in no particular order): 1. The US 2. Japan 3. Europe The US has no chance, because data caps make streaming games (especially at 4k) completely unfeasible. I'd hit my 1TB monthly data cap in a few days, two weeks at the most, if I were streaming at 4K or even 1080p 60fps. A lot of people have even lower caps. It's such an excessively huge amount of data. There are also ISPs in the US that will intentionally throttle you if they think you're using too much data in a short period of time, which is perfectly legal nowadays. Which means I'm either fucked by my data cap or fucked by throttling, but either way I'm fucked. Japan doesn't really want streaming services. They're pretty useless to most gamers in Japan. They are always on the move, mobile games and consoles are King there. There's not really a huge player base that sits at home and plays games for hours on end, that's why the Switch is such an amazing idea for both Japan and outside of Japan, it fits both niches. Europe is the only one I can see this working well with, but I find it unlikely that Google is planning on stuffing data centers in every single country in Europe. If you're not near a data center you simply don't have a chance, as the speed loss over distance is too great. It might work well in a few cities, but I don't see it being an amazing thing that will keep Google interested long term. Honorable mention to China, but China has so many copyright issues and laws that cause issues, I would see China being a target if the project was successful long term but I don't really see it being successful enough to wade into China.
I wasn't trying to say that it was or wasn't. My whole point wasn't to argue with him trying to say that it only matters to "liberals" now because Trump is in charge, when in reality it's terrible and should stop regardless of who is in charge, regardless of when it started. The "who it started under" argument is completely irrelevant.
You can easily add new abilities unlocked through dungeons and such similar to older Zelda games. Abilities and Tools are interchangeable concepts if used correctly.
&gt; do they even make a distinction anymore? No, they don't.
Few of those had to do with Facebook itself, though, and more of people doing things on Facebook, or Facebook simply allowing certain things to happen. Nothing I remember that made it plain as day that Facebook was selling everything you put on there. It was obvious they were doing it, in my opinion, but I don't remember anything coming out that definitively said it before recently.
In all honesty here...let's be realistic for a second. Those times are all lightning fast. For both Firefox *and* Chrome. Are you seriously going to get super pissed off if your browser takes a single second longer to load a page than another browser? Unless you're shuffling through pages like the wind, it's ridiculous. 99% of your activity on the web is spent looking at the page that has loaded, and anything less than like five or six seconds after receiving the data from the server is sufficient. Many, many other factors come into play for how quickly a page gets loaded, and most of those are going to be issues long before how fast the rendering engine does its job in today's age. The request/response for the page and its data will take longer than the engine actually rendering the page, a second extra to render is nothing. In my honest opinion, I think the "Which browser engine is faster?" war should be over, because the answer is, "They're all fast enough that it doesn't matter." This stuff was started back when it took 15-30 seconds to render your page, and that page barely had anything on it. Now you can get a mile long reddit page or SPA in 2-3 seconds? Are the low and high ends of that range even distinguished from each other by most users? I say no.
&gt; Honestly if you were to switch from all Google services and use a different browser that denies cookies, good on you. But I don't think I wanna give up Google search, Gmail and YouTube. And the reality is...you don't really need to. Everyone has concerns about privacy, and they're right to, but most of these concerns only appeared after they realized what Facebook was doing, and they have the belief that clearly Google and similar companies must all be doing the same thing, but I don't think that's reality. Google is an advertising company, they sell targeted ads. They don't sell your information, but they use your information to target ads at you. That's why they are planning on killing off ad blockers, because it hurts their revenue for you to block ads. I am very skeptical that there is some magic scheme here where Google has changed its entire revenue source that it has been doing since the beginning. The big difference here is that Facebook's product was *you*. They sold you. They didn't sell ads for you, they didn't sell products for you, they sold you. And you gave them everything they needed to do it. Ultimately, if you're worried about companies collecting data on you, you're fucked. *Every* company does that today. They collect as much data on you as they can so that they can target you better and sell you things better, because every company needs revenue to survive. Google does it by targeting ads at you, and your typical product-selling company does it to sell you things they hope you're interested in. Every company does it in today's day and age. The idea of privacy is dead, and was dead the second companies realized that they can gather information about you and organize it all automatically with no human interference. You can try to "get off the grid" as they say and become invisible, but 99.9% of people are too connected to technology to ever pull it off, and they're just fooling themselves the longer they pretend that they have full privacy like the old days.
&gt; My guess is people greatly underestimate the value they get. Agreed completely. In all honesty, targeted ads and products isn't inherently a bad thing. If I show interest in X, is it so bad that a company shows me related items? I'm a gamer and I've found out about multiple games I tried and thoroughly enjoyed because of targeted advertisements that showed me similar games to ones I've purchased in the past. I'm not upset about getting those ads, they helped me find more games that I wanted to play but didn't know existed. Ads get a bad rep a lot in part because of how they started. Back in the early Internet days, advertisers didn't have their Google/Amazon/etc. stats. Instead, they just plastered websites with advertisements (especially ones that jumped in your face). A lot of them did not pertain to you in any way whatsoever, it was a blind fire hoping to catch some people because it was essentially free to plaster sites with it. But those things were annoying as fuck even when they *did* pertain to you, so you found ways to get rid of them because no one wants ads thrown in your face on a daily basis, when you have no interest at that particular moment. Targeted, context-relevant ads make a huge difference compared to random, irrelevant ads. Ads have been a part of our culture for at least a hundred years. Billboards, posters, newspaper ads, commercials....they've existed for a long time. But 95% of the time they are things we have no interest in. If they're more often to be things we're interested in, shown at times where we're interested in finding something, I think that's way better than ads of the past where they're shoved in our faces all the time.
&gt; He had just been exiled To be fair, he had not *just* been exiled. Yoda put himself in self-imposed exile immediately after Luke's birth, when the Jedi fell. Which means Yoda had been in exile for give or take 20 years.
&gt; You eliminate those things piecemeal until none are left. "None are left" = No Internet. Why do it piecemeal? If you want to become completely private, you need to leave the Internet. But no one is going to do it, the Internet is too integral to their lives.
The problem is half the charm about armor building in the old games was that if you were strategic enough (and could do basic math), you could create armor sets that received no negatives while giving a bunch of positives. Meanwhile, that's basically impossible with this system. Being forced to have negatives is bad, because the negatives are usually pretty drastic. There's no real way to go back to the old system as long as everything is direct effect. The old system wasn't that complicated, people were just lazy combined with the game not doing a great job of explaining it. Some well placed interactive tutorials were all you really needed to make sure people understood. You can't really fix the lazy thing, though. I'm not a fan of developing systems for the lowest common denominator, though. Everything suffers because of it. The old armor system was honestly way better, this new one is simply catering to the lowest common denominator, and it leaves no room for experimentation. Also, charms being found instead of decorations was WAY better, because your armor set is basically defined with this ratio: * Armor itself: 45% of the skills * Decorations: 45% of the skills. * Charm: 10% of the skills (potentially could be set defining, but not required to be). With Decorations being the randomly found item, 45% of your set is defined by pure RNG, which is a big problem.
Most of Toriyama's humans look very same-ish, but his monster art is fantastic. I'm more on board with Toriyama for the monster art than I care about the human art.
It's got massive nostalgia goggles factor. They remember playing it as a kid in their parents' basement. DQ did not have a presence back then, so they have no idea about it. It's also the same reason FF7 is so insanely popular even though it wasn't that fantastic of a game and the storyline is a freaking mess (even the devs admitted that). In reality they probably heard of DQ11 when it was released and getting acclaim, but all they saw was "anime game" so they dismissed it and forgot about it.
I'm not saying that you shouldn't try, but the guy I replied to acted like they'll be able to cut out all invasions to their privacy over time which is completely unrealistic. As long as you go in with the realization that you're never going to win 100%, do whatever makes you feel comfortable. But this expectation that you'll be able to become completely private with no information on you is just completely unrealistic. It'll never happen.
&gt; ...You know, that unique artstyle where Chrono is recoloured Six. Right, because all of his humans look exactly the same. He has like 4-5 male haircuts, and like 4-5 female haircuts, and outside of that almost every character shares the same face and overall design. That's why I don't care for his human designs. They're too generic. Eric in DQXI shares Teen Gohan's hair, and if it weren't for the color and Eric being shorter, they'd be almost the same person. The same can be said across the board for most of his humans. But his monster designs, like I said, are where he does great.
The flaw with that argument would be that then they should clean up everything they did, which includes the Stargates, and then there'd be no show.
But the whole point is that they deal in absolutes when talking about the lower planes. You either get rid of *all* of their technology, or *none* of it. The bigger complaint here is how they left tons of shit around before they ascended. Like...they spent so much time building shit, it didn't work, and then they just left it there. So many pieces of technology they just randomly abandoned but left entirely in a working state free to cause destruction. After they ascended and decided not to meddle in the lower planes, it makes sense why they didn't do anything. But before they ascended? Reckless bastards.
Not only that, but now there's basically no chance for some low tier armor pieces to be useful in an end game set because there's no partial skills. I've had pieces that give like 2-3 points in some skill I'm really interested in and it results in making use of some really unexpected parts. Now, if the set doesn't give a skill you're interested in, you'll never be interested in it, period.
All the outrage basically revolves around a group of quotes from her where she basically said that she doesn't really care about reviews from white men on a movie not aimed at white men. The way she said it wasn't exactly great (I don't have the quote on hand), but what she said makes sense. It's like if an angry old man was reviewing chick flick movies and giving them shitty scores. No one really cares that some old guy hates chick flicks because chick flicks aren't meant for old men. But since she was essentially saying she didn't care about reviews from white men a group of white males flipped their shit. This was also right before Captain Marvel came out so it kind of exacerbated the issue.
They were, at first. And then greedy people realized that since the government is backing these loans, they can boost up tuition costs to astronomical amounts and there's no risk at all. The government is backing them, and they won't allow those loans to default. Next thing you knew, instead of people spending $2,000 a semester, it was suddenly $10,000. Then $20,000. My father paid for his tuition for two years at the community college near us on his part time job. Thirty years later, and the same two years at the same college cost 10x as much and my part time job probably paid 50% more than his did. It barely paid for me getting to the college and back every day. But it's alright. We want the government to do things for us when it benefits the rich, and when it doesn't, fuck the government, right?
&gt; Just the fact they closed the RMAH should prove they are caring more about the user base and game experience than profits. They closed the RMAH because it was an ugly wart on an otherwise pretty good game and no one was going to buy the expansion as long as it was still there.
&gt; I don't really care too much about this specific case, but it's a trend that's slowly pushing me away from games discussions forums - where seemingly every single bit of info from a game ends up drip-fed out through headlines for months before, so that by the time I get a hold of the game I'm already a bit sick of it. That's why the second I decide that I'm interested in a game and will probably buy it, I tap out of all articles about it. Once I'm sold on a game, I don't want to know more until it's out and even then I want general information to determine whether or not it lived up to what I was looking for when I heard about it and that's it.
Depending on what version of Unreal they're using, this is fully possible. The DQXI port was delayed for a long time because of performance/instability issues of the version of UE they used for DQXI originally, and had to spend a lot of time upgrading to support the Switch version, and really we still don't know the results of that as the DQXI port isn't out yet.
Ee-g-weeny. Also Nynaeve....I couldn't even decide on one pronunciation for that one.
DQV is basically the only game I can think of where the main character being male is a necessity. All of the others are almost irrelevant or require very minor changes (Medea in VIII, for example, would need a male version but she's not that major of a character in reality) to work. It would be nice to be able to have that choice, ESPECIALLY when your character is mute and the entire reasoning behind that is so that you can feel like you're in their shoes or something like that based on an interview for DQXI.
Just because it's obvious to you doesn't mean it's obvious to the average player. You and I may be able to see them easily, but my mother loves Mario but isn't a great player at all. She wouldn't anticipate someone doing something like that. It's just not in the spirit of Mario platforming to softlock and that kind of stuff. Meanwhile, if it's a Super Expert style level, it's so obvious that it's worthless and shouldn't even be there. That's the problem with the cheap troll tactics. Lower levels of play shouldn't be dealing with it, and higher levels of play won't fall for it, so it's just garbage.
It's likely Sidious knew about Anakin having a kid (though I dunno if he knew it was twins), and when it turned out that his originally chosen successor was not useful anymore, he knew that keeping Vader around would be useful when that child became old enough to contend with him. Then he'd just plan a way to turn the child to the Dark Side just like he did Vader. I don't think he ever questioned his ability to do it. Until that time came, Vader was essentially a good pawn to keep around as it's not like Vader was weak.
I played it for several years, and it was definitely a lot of fun but at some point it became a parody of itself. Even before it got really bad, there were decorations you could make rather easily that gave something like Attack +3, Expert +2, and a third skill I forget +2 for 1 slot. It was customary to have 10 skills on an armor set or it was considered garbage. It only got more excessive from there. I loved Frontier but when I stopped playing and looked back a year or so later I realized just how crazy it got. It's not that surprising in hindsight considering it's an MMO, but it's not surprising they eventually killed it off either. I wouldn't be surprised if a Frontier 2 was in active development with the new engine, though. Might even be why they worked so hard on World for PC. I wouldn't mind a new Frontier, the Dos engine wasn't going to cut it forever.
I'm not surprised. I stopped playing like six or seven years ago. Even before I stopped I could easily get 12 skills on a set, the game just only activated 10.
It's not an ego trip, it's a distraction attempt. They've been escalating distraction tactics every single time something ridiculous comes out about the admin. Yesterday something a lot of people were calling, "the smoking gun," was released yesterday (IIRC it was definitive proof that Trump held off Ukraine aid so that he could get dirt on Biden), and so you wake up the next morning and Trump has done something not technically illegal but far more ridiculous as a way to try and get people to forget about the illegal shit that came out about him the day before. This is constantly what he does. It has nothing to do with ego and everything to do with keeping people distracted.
Here's the problem with that: The people who don't believe in it get drafted and then they're the ones who die. Meanwhile the assholes avoid the draft (either by chance or cheating to be ineligible) and continue to talk shit while also passing on their shit-tier ideology to their children.
&gt; I hope that this is not one of those instances but I have my doubts based on the rhetoric the last few years. Are you implying that you hope it's not politically driven? That hope can be dashed quickly if you realize what was revealed yesterday. This is a distraction retaliation in attempt to make people forget it.
That game is really well done, too, in my opinion. Easily one of the best Metroidvanias released last year.
That explains a lot. It would have been weird if he weren't Malroth in the mobile releases considering DQB2 uses that name heavily.
That's a double edged sword because then you can't vote in your own primary.
&gt; Computer Professionals (in the US) can be declared as Salaried Exempt as long as they earn $23,660 or more as of 2008 based on the FLSA (Fair Labor Standards Act). AKA all of them, because if you're a Computer Professional making less than $23,660/year, you need to find a new job. That's pretty close to minimum wage and excessively low for a professional field.
&gt; If memory serves, overtime laws used to be "If you earned at least 4x minimum wage" (so if minimum wage went up, the overtime threshold also went up) but was changed in the 90's to be "4x the minimum wage of whatever it was back in the year they changed the law" which is where that $27/hour figure from above comes from. That's pretty typical example of how people in general get fucked over the years. When the law was written to be that specific figure, I guarantee you everyone just went, "Oh that's the same as it was before." Then, even a year later, it wasn't. Now we're 20-30 years later, it's a joke and used to exploit us.
&gt; That set really should've another button to click that recommends it as not the right way for a first time. That defeats the purpose of the set. The set exists to carry players into Master Rank who otherwise wouldn't be there. The whole point is to grab more people who have never played MH before.
I don't disagree with you at all. In fact I agree with you completely. But that's why they added the Defender gear. I've always been one to take my time ranking up and getting through the campaign, even when I've been playing since MHF1, so I don't particularly like the Defender gear either. I don't think it's going to grab people who have never played the game before because overcoming challenges, like you mentioned with Anjanath, are part of what makes Monster Hunter a great franchise. Unfortunately what you and I think is best is not what the developers think is best, though, as that's the entire point of the Defender gear - rush them into Master Rank so that they can get the expansion and be able to hit that content immediately.
Because in business it's considered a power move for a high level person to intentionally make everyone else wait for them. He doesn't know how to do anything else. Probably gives him a chubby to make the entire country wait on him.
Just like Republicans.
Drugs.
The same can be said with Dark Souls. Unless you flat out missed a path, you have no reason to go back to anywhere. You can almost always collect everything your first time through, and you have no reason to go back unless you missed something.
They were still going to use the UN Shuttle, but it got completely destroyed before they got there. That's why the Roci landed.
I don't even get why Holden would free that thing's wiring in the first place. He was told if it had anything to do with the PM to bomb it to high heaven, and PM-Miller has already told Holden that "the program" doesn't give a shit about humanity at all. At what point did it seem like a good idea to allow that thing to continue normal operation?
This entire situation to me reeks of salvage situation. I wouldn't be remotely surprised if that theory back during release that their importer broke was true, and they probably spent too many resources trying to fix it which resulted in other areas falling behind and giving players the crappy Wild Area experience that has been complained about. Games being released half-baked has been an issue on PC for a long time, especially ever since the Early Access concept was introduced. I really think that SwSh was a half-baked game where they ran out of time and management wouldn't let them push back the timeline so they did whatever they could to release something halfway presentable.
&gt; And that was rich of the general to blame the mission on Avasarala, while he didn’t actually express any of those concerns beforehand. Seriously, what the fuck was that shit? That dude seemed completely unconcerned about everything until after it got the twelve Marines killed. Then he acts like he raged about it in the meetings like the old general did before he stepped down as Fleet Commander. This guy made no concern known about either plan. He has no place complaining about it after the fact.
I feel bad for the girl but I don't care for the mother on the Roci at all.
&gt; He's set up as this super-evil villain, but he just seems like a guy whose job is to protect his crew. And I would agree with you, up until he just randomly shot that guy in the head and then never explained why he did it (even if it was to curtail a threat he saw was coming, but he never said that). That's what makes him unhinged and crazy. There's no rationale behind what he's doing, even if there are valid ones available.
Also the cure was way too obvious, I don't get how that was never something that came up before now when they were trying to figure out what Holden had that was different from everyone else that might make him immune. "Okay, draw some blood, let's test that. Also I have this daily dose of anti-cancer medication I have to take." It's like if the difference was Diabetes and you didn't bring up the fact that you take insulin daily. Also, wouldn't the pre-cancer cells show up in his blood as well? I assume the show was trying to imply that maybe the PM stuff was preventing him from getting infected but that's not a logical conclusion when we know so much about Holden and the PM, mostly through Holden's eyes.
&gt; I never thought that little bit of protomolecule was the last part of Eros I certainly hope that's not what Holden thinks, either, because what ever happened to the protomolecule that was given to Fred Johnson?
&gt; Nobody wants rehashes of mediocre films. Sure, it might have meant a lot to some, but nobody I know mentions it. If they’re going to waste this much money they might as well make live action iron giant. Please don’t actually. The problem is that new ideas are hard to come by, yet the industry wants frequent new releases to keep making money. That means the only way to really keep output as high as desired is to remake everything under the sun because they just don't have enough ideas to keep it unique. In a lot of remake situations the idea is to grab adults who saw the original and they'll bring the kids they now have with them, only the original concept had to have been interesting in the first place (the original movies weren't that good), and you have to catch the people who used to like it AND aren't sick of remakes, because everything is a remake now. The end result is what you see: No one gives a shit.
&gt; can lead in crisis either morally or as the executor of an emergency plan I think there's a typo where: &gt; I do t have confidence that he can lead in a crisis either morally or as the executor of an emergency plan. Is supposed to be, "I do ***no***t have confidence..." Basically he doesn't think Booker can lead in a crisis and that's his issue.
&gt; I think the spat with Iran may have been the straw that broke the camel's back. I think we tell ourselves that to help sleep at night. There's just no indication that anything has changed. They do this all the time. "I agree to [some thing]," which they know can't be fulfilled ten seconds later, and then when we're close to attaining it they change the rules, "Oh I was only going to agree to [some thing] if [some condition that's never going to be met]!" Or they just flat out do something else without even trying to explain it away only to act like they had done it in a year or so when everyone forgets the details. It's all bullshit. They're all liars, and I don't think for a single second anything positive is going to come out of anything prior to the election itself.
Basically the Metroid Prime approach, except less...annoying. Scans tell the whole story in Metroid Prime but if you don't care you can skip all of it.
Honestly, in a game like this, you really need something that screams, "HEY, THIS IS A PROP YOU CAN USE MID-BATTLE!" and I think that the ones shown in the trailer work very well. It looks a tad out of place but that's ultimately the point. I can't count how many games I went through the entire game and then realized something ridiculously helpful after the fact. Even if it was obvious to let's say 60% of players, that's still too few. Hell, even in DooM 2016 there were multiple scenarios where after I had finished the encounter and I was getting spare ammo and stuff that I would realize, "Oh...I could have used this," or "This object explodes?" A game that telegraphs this information well is a game that ends up being a lot of fun to play. I shouldn't need insider information to make full use of what the game gives you. A good example is in the trailer itself. If the game didn't highlight the switch that crushed the enemies to the right of the screen, I guarantee you I would easily go through that entire encounter and never even realize it did anything unless I hit it by mistake. I'd prefer the game make these kinds of things more obvious because it's such a fast-paced combat system. There's no time to scan your surroundings. If it looks inanimate, I'm going to assume it is because I have 50 demons on my ass and I don't have time to test it and find out if it's even something that will do something because it usually isn't.
In the port town (name I forget), I told her no by accident because I was only half paying attention to that particular part of the story (because the course of the story was too obvious for me there), and her reaction broke me out of that stupor entirely. It was absolutely hilarious.
It does? Where? I see a Switch, I see a Switch Case, and I see the packaging that would contain the screen protectors. I don't see any clip in the image at all.
I'll be honest. I've heard good things about The Expanse for a long time. I wanted to watch it...but then I learned it was on SyFy, so I refused to watch it (especially after they had cancelled Dark Matter for inter-office squabbling reasons and not because it was doing badly). The second I learned it was funded by Amazon now, I immediately binge-watched it. I found out through an advertisement on Twitch. I would have never watched it otherwise, because SyFy kills shows for bad or no reasons. Hell, they killed The Expanse for no good reason as well. They are a shitty network and I refuse to watch anything they are the source of funding for. I would be surprised if I was the only one in this realm of thinking.
Here's the problem with the crossovers, and it's always been this way: They have a broad over-arching story but each individual episode is its own self-contained story as well. It causes it to be really hard to make a compelling story when it's sidelined for another, slightly related, story constantly. Anyone who's even slightly interested in the crossovers is going to watch all of them, but they still treat the shows like every single episode has to be good for syndication, so every episode needs to have its own episode-wide story. They treat it like it's a "5-Hour Event", and we want it to be a true "5-Hour Event", but it's really 5 "1-Hour Events" that are akin to chapters in a book.
I literally made the joke to my buddy last night about how it'll just be another FE Sword user. At least they can use other weapons but still...
Phantom Dust was an Xbox "card" TPS. It was a really cool game that never took off. They rereleased it on PC, which was awesome.
Twitch ads have been The Expanse ads for at least 3-4 weeks, at least where I am in Texas.
Digimon. Dragon Quest Monsters. Just to name two examples. Pokemon's core concept is not new, it has existed before. Dragon Quest V let you tame and recruit monsters into your party before Pokemon even existed, and the original Dragon Quest Monsters released shortly after the first Pokemon games with a more complicated battle system and a breeding system that is more complicated than the one that was later released in Pokemon G/S. Pokemon got lucky and caught kids at the right moment in gaming history, backed itself up with an anime that caught on, and it has ridden that luck ever since. There are several other catch-em-all type games, most of them arguably better. It's certainly a fact that Pokemon doesn't do anything particularly unique or new anymore. It hasn't innovated, either. It does nothing to make it sell so well. It sells on nostalgia.
That's the reward for hard work.
&gt; What makes it easier is they don't have to use an event like Crisis to make the different characters have a legitimate reason to show up. This is what I want instead of the big crossovers that honestly always disappoint me. Every once in a while a character from an unrelated show shows up for the episode's plot. Maybe even give them a bigger multi-episode arc or something like that. It would be really nice. They had that kind of stuff going on for Stargate when SG-1 and Atlantis were on the air at the same time. Sometimes there's just cameo appearances and other times it's major crossover for an episode without being a special ordeal.
There's also no backtracking unless you missed something through your own fault. When you enter an area you can get everything if know how. Meanwhile in a typical Metroidvania, there's a few items/locations you simply can't get to because you don't have an ability and the game wants you to come back later.
With the Defender gear, you just don't even have to pay attention until late high rank with Elder Dragons. I was on PS4 originally as well, but the load times and general frame rate dips were half the reason the game wasn't fun to me. So I finally decided to double dip with PC and the PC version is just so much better. Iceborne made the game a little less optimized but it's still way better than the PS4 version. And if you use the Defender gear, you don't really have to do anything besides deal with the stupidly long cutscenes that you can't skip that entertain a story that's not that interesting.
Now he's attacking entire subsets of voters for no apparent reason. What exactly is his objective, if not to divide Democrats and make sure they lose the upcoming election?
If Biden ends up as the Democratic candidate, I'm not really sure we'd be voting for a Democrat. Just the mask of one.
I know that the concept of what a Republican is and the concept of what a Democrat is has changed dramatically over the last forty or so years, but I mean literally right now. I don't think Biden is a Democrat, I think he's a Republican funded by big business to pretend to be a Democrat. We already have someone else in office (I forget who off hand) who is clearly not really a Democrat based on how they vote and act. I don't think if Biden gets voted in anything at all would actually change, except *maybe* our President won't be a Russian asset however considering how much the Republican party as a whole has sat on the Russia stuff, I wouldn't be surprised if he were involved in that trash too.
Yeah he's definitely dead, especially when he's been given so much screen time this season and I don't see it turning to him leaving peacefully considering where his character arc has been going. A mistake, in my opinion, he was one of the best characters who knew about the Pierce family secret.
A lot of things can be handled simply by allowing the player to remap controls. A surprising number of issues go away with that one feature. It can be a firmware level feature in a lot of scenarios (not motion control, though). Just allowing the player to swap one input for another input is all you need to do. If done at the firmware level it would result in no loss on the game's part because it doesn't have to handle control swapping at a higher level.
Oh it'll be free and fair. It'll just also be make-believe and the results won't matter. It's like when you were a kid and someone else wanted to play a game with you, and when you play to the rules they described and end up winning, they then create new rules at the end to ensure that the result was that you lost. "An election is actually all about the person who got the *least* amount of votes! Therefore Donald Trump wins!" Except slightly less obvious.
It had the best ending, but the episode before that ending was *awful* in my opinion. It was so boring I stopped in the middle and came back later. I just had no interest in the episode plot at all, it wasn't presented in a way that's even remotely interesting but it's probably because I just wasn't the target audience for the episode.
So I'm confused by Jefferson's lines in relation to Crisis. The show appears to be acting like Jefferson is the same Jefferson that was on The Flash's episode of Crisis, but that Jefferson was erased in an anti-matter wave. When Jefferson showed up in the last episode of Crisis, he said, "The Martian got me caught up," implying that Jefferson's memory was updated like the other Non-Paragons had been updated. However, that doesn't mean that Jefferson would be the same person as the Jefferson we knew. He would be an Earth-Prime based Jefferson with information and knowledge about Crisis. He wouldn't have knowledge of anything from the original Jefferson before he showed up in Crisis, either, as why would J'onn know anything about that stuff I'm fine with rolling with it, I'm only wondering if this disconnect is just me. **EDIT**: So, watched Arrow, and apparently there's a magic J'onn-based ring that will give you all of your Pre-Crisis memories back, which makes no sense but explains how BL is "the same BL." Apparently J'onn's powers can now branch the multi-verse and restore the memories of the you that was in Crisis. I don't really like this idea but it's clearly part of the CWDC universe now.
J'onn can't manipulate someone's mind to give them memories neither he nor the recipient actually have. He can release hidden, repressed, or lost memories, but in this case they're none of those things. Those memories are of someone who no longer exists. J'onn can also push his own memories onto others, but he doesn't have any knowledge of Jefferson besides the events on the Waverider and whatever he told the other heroes (which can't be much more than we saw considering the situation). The only possibility you could have that he's the same person is saying that he's one of those multiverse phantoms that they introduced in the other two shows (mostly in Supergirl but implied in Batwoman as well), but the dialog during the crossover doesn't really support that. It seems to me that the writers for the Crisis crossover didn't really tell the writers for Black Lightning what they were doing, which would explain why this disconnect exists. That's why I'm like, "Well, whatever," in my previous post, I just want to make sure I'm not missing something. It would make sense if they gave the Black Lightning writers basic information and then the Black Lightning writers just winged it from there, rightfully assuming Jefferson wouldn't be getting deleted and rewritten like that.
&gt; Not everything makes sense then (see my other answer) but it is the best version of CoIE's event for me to enjoy the shows again. This is essentially what the case is no matter how you look at it, I think. It seems to me that there was a disconnect between the Black Lightning writers and the Crisis writers, which isn't too surprising. BL writers probably only had the broad overview of what would happen and had to run with it weeks to months before it was publicly known what would happen. Like I said in my other posts about this, it's not a big deal, I just walked into the episode feeling like I had missed something but I no longer think that's the case.
This is immediately following Crisis. There was no guarantee everyone would survive it. I immediately assumed she was a casualty of the Crisis, and I gathered that this was setting the precedent that the "multiverse anomaly" people introduced in Supergirl (and probably Batwoman as well) could appear anywhere in time. So essentially, in this Earth-Prime universe, she doesn't exist for whatever reason. Why would every single person be exactly the same person or even exist in a new universe? If enough variables go a different way you could easily end up not existing. Then, for whatever reason, her original Earth-1 form got "multiverse anomaly'd" and bam, she's on Earth-Prime in 2040.
&gt; I’m torn on the cliffhanger aspect. I think if it was cut and dry with no cliffhanger to pick up in the show it would be a little pointless to waste 1 of Arrow’s 2 remaining episodes on it. If it was a completely stand alone thing I think I would either tie in Crisis a little more or explain the “time traveling to 2040” aspect so a little more was explained. They could have left the JJ aspect as the cliffhanger, so we have an idea of what's coming, but having William kidnapped and Mia knocked out in front of Oliver's grave is bad form, in my opinion. If the show isn't picked up we now have this infinite cliffhanger for those characters they wanted us invested in, meanwhile you can forget about the JJ memory thing and not be too concerned because his life isn't in danger when it ended. I do think they need to explain why it's okay for Laurel to just chill in 2040 for a while, but I assume that'll come as part of the actual show which is fine. &gt; As for JJ, I thought he’d probably get his memories back, but I don’t think he’ll automatically be a bad Deathstroke guy. He’s obviously had a life with Mia and that’s going to give him dimensions to his character. And being close with his brother he may have some humility and humanity. I hope you're right, I really do. If they keep him as a good guy I'll be surprised, though. &gt; Agreed on the mind memory ring though. On supergirl they said giving everyone their memories back would literally make peoples heads explode, so I understood why they wouldn’t do it to everyone, but Martian Powers transferred to tech is hard to explain. The worst part to me is that it seems a little cheap that everyone's memories of pre-Crisis are apparently just locked away in their heads, and not flat out gone like they should be. The previous universe is gone, and 99.9% of people along with it. There shouldn't be a way to magically restore the pre-Crisis memories, J'onn's memory-based powers never had that capacity. I had a similar discussion on Black Lightning's episode discussion because BL was wiped out by the wave, yet in BL he was talking like he was the same guy as before Crisis which is impossible. Now I know why, this magic ring can apparently give you memories you never had in this life of another life. That's so far outside the scope of J'onn's powers. He's never helped someone get memories they didn't have in their life in some capacity before. It's like if J'onn suddenly as able to give Earth-2 Laurel Earth-1 Laurel's memories. That makes no sense, they were two different people, Laurel-1's memories aren't locked in Laurel-2. The same concept applies for Earth-Prime anyone vs Earth-1 anyone. The ring is just part of the lore now, though, meaning they essentially have a Crisis cheat card, which I don't think is right at all.
So I basically have three major issues with the crossover, one of which was mentioned in another post but I'll mention it again just so that it's not a mystery. 1. No Earth-2 Laurel when her entire arc in S8 of Arrow was leading up to Crisis and ensuring she was hero enough. 2. It really felt like five different stories instead of one story. I wish that they had pooled their resources and brought key writers from each show over instead of essentially giving each show's writers the ability to do whatever they wanted as long as they stayed within a specific set of plot points. There were no overarching minor subplots, and each part of the crossover had a completely different tempo because each show handles their story differently. The final episode, for example, was an ***entirely*** different tone than the first episode, because Legends is a completely different show. But in the scope of the crossover, if it were the same collection of writers this disjointed feeling between episodes wouldn't have happened, and we would have been able to carry minor plot points between episodes but that wasn't the case because there clearly wasn't as much writing cooperation as there should have been. 3. Each show added their individual flare, and while that could be a good thing, it led to them also pushing their Crisis-unrelated plotlines that had no place there. No one gives a shit about Lena thinking she's the good guy and having a pissing match with Alex and Kara during Crisis, it felt completely out of place whenever these kinds of specific-show-plots suddenly stuck their heads in the middle of Crisis. I also don't think Beebo was an appropriate entry in the last episode either, but that's the same complaint but for Legends instead of Supergirl. Those were my major issues with the crossover, but I also have one major issue with the aftermath of Crisis, and that's the memory ring. I've mentioned it in a few other posts (Black Lightning Post-Episode Discussion and Arrow Post-Episode Discussion), and I think the memory ring, and how J'onn's memory based abilities work in the context of Crisis in general, is essentially the writers giving themselves a cheat card to dismiss continuity errors and Crisis-related mistakes that they may make in the future, as well as a cheapo way to bring back any character they want and pretend like they're the person we knew before Crisis. To my first point, I don't think J'onn's abilities related to memory should work the way they are writing them to, because it doesn't make sense in any capacity. Having his abilities return the Earth-1 memories in someone in Earth-Prime logically doesn't make sense, because J'onn has never had the ability to give someone memories that neither he nor the recipient have ever had. He can't use the same ability to give Laurel-2 the memories of Laurel-1, so why can those abilities give Anyone-Prime the memories of Anyone-1? That doesn't make sense, they're not the same person. They're two entirely different people. They treat Earth-Prime people like they are mind-wiped Earth-1 people and that's simply incorrect. Then, they go and make it a ring that Cisco invented through comic book magic and while that's fine for some technologies, its very existence essentially cheats the outcome of Crisis in the first place. Now anyone they want can be an Earth-1 character and it's perfectly normal. So why bother wiping anyone's memories in the first place? Something that could have been an intriguing writing conundrum is hand-waved away with a ring that undoes it whenever they want. The writers *literally* never have to talk about Crisis ever again, because any time someone we know comes along we can immediately get them up to pace in regards to the universe by touching them with the ring and saying, "That was Crisis," and BAM, now they're the person we knew before. It's cheap. It's bad storytelling, in my opinion. They're not dealing with the consequences of the story events, they went out of their way to immediately write in a way to sidestep it entirely. Sorry for the essay, but you gave me the opportunity to vent so I did.
All of the fight scenes with the shadow demons also looked ridiculous to me. Like half the characters were melee-only characters standing there flailing around and the shadow demons often just happened to float into their fists. It just looked really crappy. They were better off not using the shadow demons at all (even though I know they're a major part of the comics for the Anti-Monitor), and instead giving us some villains reborn as anti-versions of themselves for the heroes to fight. Every single fight scene just looked like crap to me because they were just wailing on the shadow demons every single time.
I do some remote couch co-op, in that a buddy (or two) and I get together on Discord and then we just play whatever game. It's becoming a lot easier to do with applications like Parsec that allow you to screenshare and control share remotely. Then the only thing that's missing is the physical interaction which in my opinion isn't that big of a deal. The point is to get together with someone on a more personal level and do things friends would do, and a lot of online games don't really provide that ability nowadays. However, indie games often have couch co-op and no online multiplayer because the developers can't afford servers (and network code is frustrating), so I think this is a nice alternative.
That's not QLOC nor the port's fault, though, so it's not a valid argument for saying that the port was poor.
Sure, but the argument is essentially, "It's a bad sign that QLOC is involved, here's why...," and that data point is irrelevant to *that* argument.
Either that or her "Mom" is one of the people working with the guy who created her and knows that she has the Picard failsafe.
Thankfully I've already seen S4 of The Expanse, but you honestly should spoiler tag that. If I read that without having seen S4, I'd be furious right now.
Thanks a lot.
Naturally one's tolerance for something you do frequently increases. In the 2nd episode of the show it's right after he used his powers for the first time in years. They haven't thrown away the fact that he hurts himself with his powers, that's why the ASA commando guy got knocked out earlier this season. He's just used to it.
I can't because every time I join someone's assigned quest for Iceborne story it ends by sending me back to Astera, because even though I completed that quest already the ending redirect is still based on the quest instead of my progress in the story. Seriously it's so annoying, I don't know why they let that through. Disembark from Seliana, end up in Astera.
Not only one area but 9000x more condensed. Getting to anywhere in Astera takes forever, even if you use the teleport chains because they themselves are out of the way. Seliana you walk ten feet and you're able to access anything, it's so nice. And the Blacksmith being available without leaving the Gathering Hall is super nice. The only things missing are access to the Tailraiders and Steamworks from the Gathering Hub, not really sure why they missed those two items though the Steamworks makes some sense with all the fancy animations and stuff.
They're definitely talking about Data-like lifeforms. Physical non-organic lifeforms that were created by organic lifeforms. That's what Data is. The Doctor isn't a physical lifeform. He's a non-physical one. I wouldn't classify them the same, but we don't know what the true definition of "synthetic" is yet. However, that being said, I still think that Janeway would fundamentally disagree with the ban, because she would easily see that it's only that very minor detail that separates The Doctor from something like Data. That being said, I don't know if she would leave Starfleet over it. She probably would in the long run, but I would imagine she'd try to fight it from the inside first. Eighteen years later, though, it's hard to say whether or not she would leave. It also depends on what other ideologies the Federation has stepped away from that she believed in.
Except from a military standpoint, helping Romulans immediately increases the stability in the quadrant, considering the Romulans have been constant antagonists (even when they were allies during the Dominion War). The supernova was going to happen anyway, it's strategically sound to give aid because the end result is that it strengthens an otherwise non-existent alliance. Starfleet would absolutely gauge the military benefit before doing anything like that.
&gt; How do we get from there to viewing an entire species as expendable? It's pretty easy when you view them through a window of hate for a century. People justify this kind of racism within the human race all the time. I know people who hate a very specific race of humans (whether that be black, or asian, or indian, or whatever). It's not unbelievable that this would expand past the human race and people would hate "those evil Romulans." Once you start thinking a group is lesser, it's pretty easy to justify those kinds of thoughts.
Why exactly isn't that valid right now? It's not like the current age of humanity has no racism.
Her face in this video says everything. I get the impression she was even speechless for a bit there, and the smile afterward was great.
&gt; The "I'm attacked and now suddenly know kung fu!" scene. It's been done to death in movies and TV. It makes sense in the context of who she is, though. She's a synthetic that believes that she's human, at some point the synthetic part takes over (like when she's in danger). It's overused but considering the entire character concept it's forgivable, in my opinion. It's either this or next episode they'll just "download" fighting techniques into her brain and suddenly you get the same result. &gt; Dahj running away from the vineyard for unexplained reasons.....only to rejoin Picard almost immediately. What was even the point of her running away? She ran away because she was afraid she wasn't safe there, and being there would simply put Picard and those with him in danger. Then she called her "mother" as like a, "Mom, I'm in danger and don't know what to do please help!" and the mother triggered a subroutine to cause her to search for Picard again. It establishes that she's not human for sure, and that she has ways to be triggered into "machine mode" where she has an objective and accomplishes it regardless of the side effects besides having her life threatened.
My water bill comes in the mail like....a day before it's due. Sometimes not even that early. It's basically impossible for me to pay on time via mail. I get charged $7.50 to pay electronically. The late fee is $25. I suspect the entire situation is intentional. Either way they get extra money out of me, they don't give a shit. Why would they? Edit: Just for shits and giggles, I checked my account. It's 4 days before I know it will be due (last day of the month), but it's not even in their electronic system yet. It won't let me pay early (that's assuming I even knew how much I owed because it fluctuates every month). I barely get any time to pay electronically, how could I possibly ever pay via check/mail on time? It's ridiculous.
Which is why it's still addictive. She's essentially on a power trip. She felt weak because she doesn't have powers like the rest of her family AND she was failing at the thing she was supposed to be good at (figuring out how to fix the pod kids). She removed all the addictive properties but things don't need to have addictive properties to be addictive. Look at marijuana. It doesn't have addictive properties but people are flat out addicted to it because they like the high they get. Lynn is no different, and that's why she's addicted to green light. She likes the intelligence it gives her, and when she loses it all she can think about is how she used to be super smart, and she just needs to be that smart again to do whatever she wanted to do. Although Lynn is by far the worst character right now, she's not the worst character from a story perspective and that's why her story arc is interesting, at least to me. I think someone needs to punch her in the face and get her straight, but that's not a surprising reaction from the outside looking in.
Honestly, you might be right, but on the other hand I can easily see someone like her thinking that just because you remove the addictive properties that it magically makes it okay to take all the time. A lot of smart people are really dumb about stuff like that, it would definitely be within her character to make that kind of mistake. Either way she definitely made a massive mistake and that's why she's an interesting character from a story perspective even if every time you see her you want to smack her upside the head.
The problem is that it's a victim of its time, and was limited by the technology available. It doesn't translate well into the current age where technology has advanced so rapidly. So while the Remaster was great, it's not fun to play anymore because it has all the flaws that the limited technology forced upon it and we've all decided to no longer deal with.
That's what we do when it's 696969 days since the year 2000.
I got the impression that he stopped thinking it was funny when Alex gave him tons of shit for it. He thought he was just messing around but Alex took it very seriously and even Alex realized that Amos had good intentions. Unless I completely misunderstood that whole scene.
It's a shame but it goes back to something I had said a few months ago. As much as you don't want to, you need to realize that what Pokemon is going to do and what you want are two entirely different things and you have to move on. It's not the first time I've come to this realization, and it's a damn shame, but that's just unfortunately what happens sometimes.
No one is ever going to whistleblow again and that's the entire point.
Funny that you think they gave a shit about a summary at all.
Being "impulsive" doesn't clear you, that's not even a valid argument. "Well, he didn't mean to break the law," doesn't fucking work for anyone else, why is Trump magically allowed to use that defense when he should be held to the highest standard out of anyone? It's fucking ridiculous, I can't believe anyone buys this shit.
That will then do nothing with it because they too are compromised. Sinclair owns almost all of local media, it's a joke.
&gt; Jennifer met with an Earth 1 and Earth 2 counterpart. But Earth 2 shouldn't be there because it was destroyed Arrow 8x01 and Earth 1 was the last one to be hit by the antimatter wave. Pretty sure this is an editing mistake and they weren't Earth-1/2 Jenns, they were like "The first/second alternate Earth Jenn sees."
Basically the idiots who always wanted to go 120-130mph but couldn't because of all the cars are now finding out why it wasn't really a good idea to drive that way in the first place.
The way this worked in other shows I've seen is that the character is missing from an episode of their normal show to be in an episode of another show, and an excuse is given in-show to explain their absence. I think they even did this in S3 Arrow/S1 Flash when they had those small crossovers. It's also how shows like Stargate handled their crossovers when both shows were running at the same time. I think it depends on how the actor contracts are written. Back in the Stargate days I'm pretty sure the contract was something like, "For 20 episodes a year," or something to that effect. If that's not how it's written anymore then you'd need a new contract for their one-off appearance on another show. Them not being written to allow small crossovers would explain why they don't really happen anymore. That all being said, I really hope they get away from super large crossovers in general. They don't get written correctly. Crisis was basically 5 somewhat connected stories, not one large story that lasted 5 episodes. That's why it was so lackluster, especially since it was advertised as the latter and it wasn't.
Episode 1 has sadly always been boring. That's why I never really got through the story in JP and was always thankful that no content is locked to it. At least the Matter Board is gone now.
I don't get how the dub could be translated pretty well but the text so poorly. Voice lines don't even say the same thing, sometimes they're completely different sentences. I get that there's multiple ways to translate a line from a language like Japanese into English, but the fact that they clearly had two entirely different teams that weren't coordinated at all is really bothering me. Also, the fact that the formatting of the text in a lot of scenarios is obnoxiously off triggers my OCD really bad. The worst one is the teleporter prep for Falz Hands.
I agree with you on that point, it's definitely really bad in some spots like the Skill Rings. However, more than anything I'm bothered by stuff like the "gods be operative," line where the voice over properly says, "godspeed operative," yet the text says something different. Other times you'll have stuff like the operator saying something like, "Something's coming....I think!" yet the voice over will say, "Something's coming...probably!" Those are the things that annoy me. That means they translated the same lines twice and both times got different results, then no one proof-read or checked anything before pushing it out. It's a complete lack of testing, it's something a QA team should have caught if they did even the most basic amount of work.
&gt; who they choose to perceive to be "members" of Antifa. AKA literally anyone.
&gt; In some ways it feels like people are building skyscrapers using popsicle sticks. That's because it is. It became popular because browser apps became the new fad and every browser understood JavaScript already. As a result, JavaScript became a defacto standard even though it has all kinds of problems and unintuitive nonsense that you only learn about after it screws you over (no amount of research will teach you all the caveats about JS or any language, JS's are just hugely impactful when they hit you). Then you add in NodeJS and people trying to run JS as a server...which I think is an all around bad idea spawned by the fact that people barely figured out JS and they didn't want to learn other languages. Top it all off with npm and its many, many problems, and you end up with a language that's overused and just...not that enjoyable to work with. TypeScript fixes some of the problems but it can only fix some of them, as it still has to compile into JavaScript and therefore still has the same runtime issues.
The flood we had....six? months ago where like half the city flooded because of the pure amount of rain in a short period had my housing complex road flooded. It didn't get to the grass on my lot but I'm in the back and the front lots had the lid for the water meter popped off by flooding. That's the closest it's gotten for me, but I also didn't have this place back during Harvey and if anything it's more developed around here so I bet Harvey would have seen some home flooding if it happened again today. I don't live in a flood area but I still have insurance anyway just in case because Houston and flooding are practically synonyms. I got a renewal for my flood insurance last week and I didn't hesitate to renew even though I've taken a pay cut with the COVID stuff. The least of my concerns should be having to worry about flood costs because Houston loves flooding.
If you have UAC on it will ask for it every time you start the game. If you don't have UAC on it will never ask for it because UAC is what controls that access.
I don't think so. Now is the exact time people will look for some other news that they want to hear so that they can forget what they don't want to hear. It's disappointing to those of us who would not forget what others want to, but making people hear what they don't want to is part of the battle. I absolutely think this is the right call if you support the movement currently ongoing.
Not all of them do that and treating everything as black and white is a fool's game.
Your coverage is supposed to be analyzed based on your home's worth, at least mine was. Granted if you have a ton of high value items in your home you may exceed coverage if you lose everything but that's unfortunately expected with insurance. The same can happen for car insurance.
You act like the Microsoft Store has been an utter failure because one game has issues when incorporating their store schema in an odd way. No other game using the Microsoft Store has its own launcher to my knowledge, that's part of where the issue lies. The PSO2 integration into the Microsoft Store was half-assed. The Xbox Game Pass includes the Microsoft Store on Windows 10, and that has been pretty successful. It's also an integral part of their Windows 10 S Mode idea. It's not going anywhere.
&gt; Can’t we have a bandaid NOW and get the proper solution in the week and a half? Sometimes that's not reality. It depends on what the actual issues are from a development standpoint. I'm speaking from professional experience here, sometimes bandaiding the problem actually makes it worse. A quick solution often overlooks repercussions. You could fix this issue and cause something much worse and more widespread if you don't think through your solution and implement it properly. Plus we don't really know how many people they have on this localization team and bringing in new people to work on an existing problem won't speed up the solution time that's a week away, it may in fact make it take longer.
&gt; June 10th for a problem that was basically solved through a workaround. I'm personally curious as to what the workaround is skipping that's causing it to fix the problem. What is the launcher doing that the main pso2.exe isn't, and why would it cause this problem? If the launcher being skipped fixes the issue but causes behavior that SEGA/Microsoft don't want (whatever that is), they're not going to implement that workaround. Which means they have to actually fix the problem instead of working around it. That takes more time. Cutting out a step is always easier than repairing the step.
&gt; so I hit "dont allow PSO2 to make changes" Was reading that the game doesn't handle that prompt properly. Most applications just shut down if they get denied Admin access, but apparently the PSO2 launcher fucks up some files if you deny it Admin access, resulting in your install breaking. Bottom line is that no one should ever deny it Admin access if they want to avoid reinstalling everything.
&gt; If you cut off all resources, and burn every crop then that wall becomes ba sing se's greatest weakness. Except they have the inner and outer walls. The space between the two was mostly open land. It wasn't a traditional walled city, they would have been able to generate food and other resources as long as the outer wall remained secure, even if that land got temporarily scorched.
&gt; They killed Traehearne who was a much better known figure They killed Traehearne because of how much hate he got for the original story and needed a reasonable way to make us Pact Commander when everyone shit bricks that we weren't at the end of the core story.
I liked the Buffy ending, felt like an ending that had the potential for more. But I hate the Angel ending, mostly because it was never intended to be a series finale and only was because Whedon pressured the network head into making a decision on the show too early and they decided to cancel since they were undecided. I'm also one of the weird people that liked Season 4 the most (except for the last few episodes &gt;!because Cordelia became the badguy as a way for the writers to handle her real life pregnancy!&lt;). I actually didn't care too much for a big part of Season 5, there's too many episodes that felt like filler. I know that, as the other person said, there's the comics that actually picked up both and I hear they ended very well based on the comics, but it's just not the same.
Seasons 1 and 2 are not great, it gets better as it goes on. The show really shines when you get into the later seasons because the show builds its story throughout the entire series. There are multiple points in Seasons 6 and 7 that leverage aspects of previous seasons. A lot of shows treat each season as a single independent entity, but that's not the case in Buffy. They tease things that don't get fulfilled for multiple seasons, they build on aspects that appeared irrelevant when they were first introduced, the list goes on.
&gt; The hell on earth prime just looks like a boring place for people that were bad. Yeah it's literally just a forever-burning NYC equivalent. Not remotely interesting.
They're saved on the server. It's not hard to wipe out something like that for users they think are breaking the rules.
&gt; So just a slap on the wrist basically? That's not to bad and I find that better than issuing out something like an account ban. Honestly, if the com ban is a day or less it's completely worthless. If they don't hand out actual, harsh punishment now (I'm not suggesting an account ban, but symbol art ban or similar), then it will get out of control very quickly. There comes a point where too many people will have them, get away with using them, and then there's not much you're going to be able to do besides delete them which doesn't solve anything.
It's not even about being 50 or 70....you just need a decent weapon and a good main/sub class combo. The second I could equip a 12* Nox weapon and +30'd it, which is pretty easy to do, my damage shot through the roof and it hasn't gone down. This is more a build problem than a level problem. If you're not using the right gear and skills your damage is going to be garbage even if you're 75/75. Sure, there's still room for improvement in my build with a 13* weapon, etc., but you don't need to go for top tier immediately. Middle tier is sufficient for the content we have.
That's why most shows bother me with putting the entire main cast in danger. Especially when it's a show where there's nothing supernatural that could lead to them being brought back or something like that. This asteroid and bomb combo is a perfect example, but there's plenty of others. You're not going to kill literally every major character at once, so there's no tension. Even if the bomb diffusal goes badly, there will just be another solution because everyone can't die.
Like the Futurama movie, "The Beast with a Billion Backs". A month after the rip in space time appeared people got bored of screaming at it in fear and life went back to normal.
&gt; I don't know why I'm surprised after they made us wait 8 years, but somehow I expected more. I don't feel like I've seen a large game company just not care so hard before. That's ultimately the bottom line here. SEGA just doesn't give a shit. They clearly never have and were incentivized by Microsoft to do it. Don't forget how PSU was treated outside of Japan as well. Even before PSU PC was killed we were years behind JP in content. It was disgusting. I'm sadly not even remotely surprised they're treating the NA release so poorly, it's their track record.
Unfortunately they just set up our Collection Sheets to be crap, I guess cause it's still early. Collection Sheets in JP usually had 13 star weapons at the very least, and I think on some rare occasions they have 14 star weapons as well. I'm pretty sure Collection Sheets in general are a mechanic added after Episode 3, and we're still in Episode 3 content which would partly explain why they gave us filler garbage.
Agreed with what the other user said. All of the ones currently available are easy to obtain and if the weapon doesn't help you you can use it as upgrade fodder. There's no reason not to take advantage of them.
&gt; Not being able to whisper in instances areas? That one is intentional. The idea is that there's no distractions during instances/story events. Was supposed to be an immersion thing that no one really wants because it's an MMO. &gt; The... entire weirdness of their market board (PSO2s player shop system also kind of sucks a lot). I dont notice these very small but kind of obnoxious quirks in western MMOs. The market board is leagues better than what's available in a lot of games. Ever play Path of Exile? It relies on a crappy website and PMs to facilitate trades, and the developers insist that this is a good trade mechanic. It's terrible.
It was only gimmicky when they went completely overboard with the "Council of Wells", which thankfully is not something that can happen in Star Trek based on our current lore understanding.
Even so it wouldn't be something they leveraged for multiple episodes like they did the "Council of Wells". They used that ridiculous concept in like 4-5 episodes and even brought a few of the characters over for single episodes, it was awful. If they did something like that in Trek it'd hopefully be one time. Hopefully.
They could have just sent it but the easiest thing to do from a development aspect would be to just change the objective of the quest that already exists. That's why that's what they did, minimal code change.
You have to remove and replace the Auxiliary in it to complete that. The game doesn't recognize an existing Auxiliary before you got the mission.
Seconded on the recommendation for Travelers. Fantastic show. Has a proper ending, too.
Nowadays they do. Dark Matter didn't get cancelled because of funding reasons. I don't think The Expanse originally got cancelled for funding reasons either. SyFy is just a really shitty network and they kill everything they get their hands on early.
Unfortunately I've never seen Misfits, so I can't comment on that. Sorry.
We're already at like Year 3 or 4. Summoner as a class was part of Episode 4, and we have all the areas pre-Profound Darkness which is the end of E3. We haven't done all the UQs up to Profound Darkness but that's clearly something they're distributing over a few months instead of just throwing them at us randomly. It's not that unthinkable to add an Episode every two months or something to that effect and catch up to JP by end of the year.
It's always been a challenge in JP and KR MMOs to find outfits that aren't ridiculous looking on female characters. Especially if your looks are tied to your gear, which thankfully isn't the case in PSO2. I did find that one of the accessory unlock type items is "Full Body Tights" of various colors which basically cover your entire character's skin with that color. It makes it a lot more manageable to find outfits that don't look absolutely ridiculous when you use one, and if you pick the right color it can blend in with your outfit pretty well, covering all the parts that make you dislike it. It's not perfect, but I'm pretty sure they actually added a few more of these kinds of options in JP that aren't literally the entire body, hopefully we'll get them.
&gt; On most classes i actually prefer to not use camera lock at all, so try that out. On Jet Boots, have you found a way to stop of the camera, when not locking on, from losing your position vertically, especially when using Grand Sweep (or whatever it's called, the PA you use for movement)? Whenever I use it to get to a target that's higher than my jump the camera doesn't realize I've gone up and I end up with my character mostly or completely off screen. It's the most annoying thing, I've just kinda dealt with it even in JP, rely on my muscle memory and hope my rotation is where I think it is for perfect attacks. I was wondering if anyone else had experienced this and found a solution, it drives me nuts.
Unless there's not enough fans overall to filter out the hardcore fan whining. That's potentially the case with Metroid since it gets so few entries and they don't do amazingly well. If the majority of people who are talking about it are hardcore fans, then it doesn't matter if it's a good game or not, their complaints will be what the general public hears and they'll think it's a bad game.
&gt; The few times I went out for groceries I was shocked by how many people had no masks. That's not even what shocked me. What shocked me was the pure number of *full fledged families* at the store. I'm talking groups that were clearly mother, father, and multiple children, together, in the store. Clearly not even a remote amount of concern about the virus. Lunacy. One of the parents could have easily stayed home with the kids and wrote the other parent a list of what they needed if they didn't already know. There's no excuse for your entire family to go to the grocery store together during a pandemic.
The only way this would have been treated properly is if infected people breathed black clouds or something similar that gave an indication that they had it. Without that, there's no "I can see it therefore I know it exists" aspect. Too many people only trust what they can physically see unaided and since you can't see COVID-19 until it's way too late, there's clearly nothing to worry about and this is all a hoax.
Also when he bombed some foreign base in some retaliation that was so long ago I don't even remember where or why it happened. I remember all the news anchors touting it as the most Presidential moment ever, because apparently attacking foreign compounds is a "Presidential Move".
I actually forgot about that ridiculous part of it. We basically did some property damage so Trump could puff up his chest.
Your objective is to farm meseta to buy them. If you get lucky with the actual drop you want it's a "happy accident". Let's be realistic here...if you get a 13* drop, it's not the weapon type you want anyway. Just extra money.
We don't have Magatsu nor Dark Falz: Joker/Profound Darkness. Those are the major UQs missing from Episode 3 that we don't have yet.
&gt; I'd think the mechanics wouldn't change though, they sure didn't for MHW. Graphics got better, UI got better, but the gameplay loop stayed the same The mechanics are very different between MH:World and MH:Gen. The gameplay loop stayed the same, sure, but every weapon plays differently, literally every single one. Just like how PSO -&gt; PSU -&gt; PSO2 didn't change the overall gameplay loop but the gameplay mechanics themselves have changed drastically. A PSO3 would be a completely different game. It's also, if I remember correctly, not on the table as PSO2 has a JP roadmap for at least 3-4 more years. Mechanically nothing is wrong with the game's gameplay, there's not much room for improvement while keeping it still feeling like a PSO/PSU game that a new game would solve. Graphically and UI wise there's room for improvement, sure, but that's not a good enough reason to make an entirely new game, long time players in Japan would be shafted if they had to start over and replay literally the same game that just looks nicer.
I don't disagree with you but I'm not the one who made the "NA will be caught up with JP by the end of the year," promise. It's a little late to renege on that without good reason.
I always forget that one exists, mostly because I was never a fan of those UQs. Music is banger, though.
&gt; But was Zuko sent directly to the South Pole? No, Zuko was sent, "To find the Avatar." The Fire Nation seemed to have a hunch that the Avatar was dead and the cycle was broken for some reason or another (perhaps the idea was that with the death of the Air Nomads it broke the cycle even though Air wasn't up next). The Avatar was essentially a myth at that point considering it had been 90-100 years since the Avatar was Roku and he had died. No one had seen a new Avatar in Air, Water, Earth or Fire, so the implication is that for some reason the Avatar no longer existed. However, they had no proof so they had to keep an eye out for him or her anyway. Considering a Water Avatar was never seen and the Air Nomads were wiped out, it makes the Water Tribes the most likely new Avatar, but they didn't really know one way or the other. They were guessing. They were looking for Waterbenders for the reason the OP mentioned, because they thought they'd catch the Avatar by happenstance, but in reality they didn't believe the Avatar existed anymore. Raids against the Southern Water Tribe were rare at the point of the show because the Fire Nation gave up on finding the Avatar among them after all the Waterbenders were removed and a bunch of regular people in igloos were no threat. Zuko was sent on a fool's errand. There was no expectation of success or even a sighting of the Avatar. Ozai sent Zuko off to search for the Avatar because his mother gave her life to keep Zuko alive. The deal was that Zuko was to be kept alive. Ozai still didn't want to ever see Zuko again, so he banished him with a joke of a task that he would never succeed in and therefore Ozai would never see him again. In the off chance that the Avatar did live and Zuko was able to kill him? Well, that just makes Ozai's heir worthy again and victory for the Fire Nation assured. It was a win-win for Ozai.
I ran into [this gem](https://gyazo.com/b9d5d77982fa5e9cdb4f6315f15f3803) using JDownloader for something the other day. Pretty sure that's the opposite of an error.
Yeah, he just somehow convinces Braums that it was okay for him to do....the things he did, and then they somehow become friends. Geordi is portrayed as a good guy in this scenario when he was absolutely the villain.
This reminds me of the Guardians of the Galaxy guy that got rehired after people complained because the guy showed he regretted the things he said and changed.
I hate how if you don't have 4 real people in your party the PSE Bursts are a joke. 1 or 2 mobs at a time and that's it. Very underwhelming.
Comcast tried to use speedtest.net as an excuse for how I wasn't having upload issues because the speed itself was fine, but I was dropping packets like crazy (10-15% packet loss for 5-10 seconds every 45-60 seconds). The speedtest.net site tests bandwidth speeds and doesn't really catch packet loss. I was running an app that monitors packet output and input over every second to prove it was happening. I eventually complained so many times that they stopped trying to fight me and started diagnosing the issue. It took over a month and a half to get it fixed.
That doesn't really work considering where they were going with things at the end of the season.
&gt; ...I honestly consider it a miracle that we got all the existing mainline weapons in World at all. I don't. Tri got A LOT of flak for cutting out weapons (from me included), they weren't going to repeat that faux pas again. Tri was a decent game but cutting out a third of the weapons did it a huge disservice in the grand scheme of things, even if the bowgun building mechanics were superb. Hell, when World was introduced one of the biggest concerns people had was if they included every weapon. That's the reason they released those weapon showcase videos almost immediately, to assure people they didn't fuck it up again.
&gt; If the old style of bow was still in world as a Greatbow with the new style as a Shortbow it'd probably fit pretty well as there is so little overlap between how each plays. I would love that, personally. The new Bow is too "actiony" to me. I loved the old Bow's gameplay of careful placement and timing. This one is just "spam everything as fast as possible and build your armor set so you can spam more." It's not nearly as enjoyable to me.
&gt; With World doing away with "Blademaster" and "Gunner", having a new hybrid thats primarily ranged is perfect. It didn't really, though. They just combined the armor sets themselves. You still have higher defense against physical attacks when you're using a melee weapon and higher defense against elemental attacks when you're using a ranged weapon. That's how the armor sets worked as well. Blademaster armor had higher raw defense but lower resistances while Gunner sets had lower raw defense but higher resistances. It's just done behind the scenes instead of in your face and by merging the armor sets it allows you to save on some materials if you can use the armor pieces for both types.
Week 1 is total garbage if you're not in Pacific Time. It's really annoying. I feel like we need to make some major noise on their forums about this. Week 1 is basically, "If you live in Eastern and work for a living, you get nothing unless there happens to be some random UQs."
Every other day you switch which timezone the UQs are catered towards. Right now EVERY SINGLE DAY in Week 1 is catered to Pacific Time. It's an NA release, which means there's two extremes - Eastern and Pacific. It's a four hour difference which means by hitting both extremes you reach out to most of the expected players.
English players use the Tweaker for a couple of unrelated reasons. 1. It installs the English patch for you. 2. It allows you to skip a few things like the intro OV and logos, if I remember correctly. 3. It opens multiple sockets to download patches and the game itself, which alleviates distance bandwidth issues that make the game take an eternity to download because the servers are in Japan. I've never had a problem with the JP Launcher playing JP, the Tweaker just makes your life a little easier if you need the patch and hate the time it takes to get to the title screen.
&gt; What's the point of doing a character disappearance storyline when it can't be resolved on screen? Well, there's two ways it could be resolved on screen. 1. They somehow negotiate a one-time return of Ruby Rose. 2. They handle it like they did Alex's father in Supergirl and murder her off screen and use it as a plot device (the really shitty option).
I noticed that too. The fact that she felt the need to start her message with a token, "As a [member of group]" line is telling, in my opinion. It's almost as bad as, "I'm not a [whatever], but..." Feels like an attempt to justify something.
Supergirl is nice to watch sometimes but the way they choose their political issues and shove them down your throat for the entire episode and/or season is tiring. It also borderlines on unbelievable depending on what they do. For example, this season's VR thing was ridiculous. People were driving, walking around, etc., and putting on VR lenses? People do some stupid shit but that's...a bit out there. Obviously their message was about escapism but their chosen delivery isn't supposed to border nor surpass suspension of disbelief so excessively.
I don't disagree with your response to #2 (or #1, really), but give it a few years and they'll want to close that plotline just to close it and that's really the only way without bringing the actress back somehow. Wouldn't be the first time they said something and then later did something else (or said something without really knowing what they were doing yet).
It's very fun but you do have to deal with the, "The game thinks you're a 3 year old kid and you can't turn it off," problem that a lot of similar games have. Also there's too much dialog. Like way too much. I started skipping it in my playthrough. The gameplay is solid and the game has way better direction than Minecraft, though. It's a sandbox where the game gives you enough crafting info so you're not blind and guessing or looking it up on a wiki.
&gt; I really don’t understand what everyone hates so much about fortnite. I think you're overreacting to the person you're responding to. They didn't say they hated it, they just don't have any interest in playing it. I'm the same way. I don't care to play it because I'm simply not interested in what it has to offer. I don't care to play battle royales and since that's all Fortnite is (the other mode concepts getting abandoned), why would I be interested in playing it? Looks like a fine game, I just don't care about it at all.
Fair enough.
&gt; Also, a reminder that you too are not immune. Reddit candidate subs, and this sub, has a strong tendency to upvote the most optimistic or outlying polls. We are all susceptible to it - the Biden sub has complacency warnings on polls to the point of being cliche (soft plug to join/grow the relatively small: r/JoeBiden) -- But perhaps that is what is needed now and through November. It's not the poll that makes this ridiculous, regardless of which way it swung. It's that the Trump campaign is literally saying they should apologize for....the numbers they obtained? What the flying fuck? Regardless of how the poll was conducted, how many people lied, etc., demanding an apology for the results of that poll is absolutely ridiculous.
They literally said in the final conflict that there was something like two ***billion*** people connected at once, and they were waiting for and expecting double that number.
I think about how many people I work with that are plain stupid yet finished four years of college or more. I'm supposed to trust a cop that went through a few months at a Police Academy? A lot of these people I work with I can't even trust to do their job correctly after years of education AND years of "on the job experience". But I'm supposed to trust a cop after less than half a year of job training and potentially zero "on the job experience" with a gun. Not a chance.
&gt; Yeah, guess national city’s population is just that large. Since no one outside of it has even heard of obsidian Except half the season was about how Lex was doing "world tours" to introduce Obsidian VR to the entire world, so in reality it's just bad writing. It's another Arrow S4 scenario where the writers insist on making the stakes "the entire world" for no reason. It doesn't need to be that drastic and when you have multiple shows in the same universe it always creates problems like this.
That's what I meant, mixed up my words. Thanks for the correction.
That's exactly what I do myself. I have a really high quality TV and the Smart Features can't turn on because the Wi-Fi connection is not set up and it never will be.
The ads and stuff aren't a problem if you don't hook up the TV to the Internet. TVs don't need Internet access to work unless the manufacturer firmware forces that and if they do the TV isn't worth owning.
Only for people who pay attention, which is not what this is targeting. An icon like that would get ignored by the people who would themselves carelessly distribute it without reading it.
&gt; Every party I’ve come across just bursts down the boss before the announcement even completes. Which is part of the issue for full areas all the time. The game's announcements fall behind by a LARGE margin. The capture code shows up but unless the capture net is already on your explored map you don't even see it at all, then you kill the enemy before you even know it's a Capture code. Or, alternatively, you see two circles and just assume it's a two boss fight. Either way, you don't even realize it's a capture until it's already dead. In all honesty, considering you still get the boss rewards, unless you're so weak you can't handle the boss there's almost no point in doing it anyway. You get 2-3k EXP from the code itself and some Meseta, when you get that amount of both by just killing random trash mobs instead of handling the routing of the monster to the net. Simply not worth it.
&gt; Within the 17 seasons of TV you are there for a LOT of advances and discoveries, you see military personnel advance their careers multiple times over, you meet new characters and races that become integral to the universe. My favorite part of Stargate is how much behind-the-scenes advancement happens. There's an episode about the basic concept of the naquadah generator, for example, but then you don't hear anything about it for a bunch of episodes, then suddenly an experimental version is part of an episode. All the development and lab testing is done behind the scenes. It makes it really feel like the world set up lives beyond the episodes you see. It's a rare storytelling method that a lot of shows don't really do and between episodes you can assume nothing of worth happened.
Almost every conservative I know is either a nutjob or really only "conservative" because they don't want to pay higher taxes without realizing what those taxes are going towards. Then some services get cut, their taxes get marginally lower if at all, they lose a ton of shit, and complain about how it's somehow not their guy's fault. I guess both groups are different sets of nutcases in different ways.
Also Bill Henderson from Black Lightning.
Three movies in a row in any context is a LONG time to sit in a theater. Best case scenario it's about four and a half hours to five hours. Worst case scenario it's over nine. Not even including breaks between movies. Either amount is very long.
He'd be an idiot not to immediately realize that Cindy took the picture when she grabbed his phone. Plus she probably gloated about it at some point since he's now apparently dating her instead of Yolanda.
I thought Icicle was going to try to decline the request at first, especially with that look he had. The fact that he didn't makes me wonder who the leader of the ISA really is.
Considering the site lets you browse the first article for free, the logical conclusion from a technical side is that it's storing that information on your browser's local storage. They could be storing IP on their servers but that seems a bit excessive. Since Incognito/Private Browsing Mode clean your cache and local storage, it's a pretty easy test to consider to see if it will bypass a paywall like that.
The grave is the epitome of poor writing. They even admitted early on that they had no idea who was in it. What the fuck kind of writing is that? Who writes a season with a mystery you don't even know the answer to when you are writing it? Bad writers, horrible idea, and even worse execution. I know S4 is full of stupidity like the fact that we didn't even really know what the fuck Damian's plan was except it had to do with a farm, and the whole "nuke the world" thing was ridiculous, but above everything the grave was the biggest example of shitty writing in the show.
If AIS customization was a thing, I might be more interested in them. Right now they're just forced stats that are really high, but when you do that and everyone is in one you have to force the content to be exactly the same as the expected scope of the AIS. What's the point of this being an RPG if I'm just going to do missions with set stats and difficulty? I don't like the AIS at all in their current form and the second half of the battleship and Magatsu stuff is pretty unenjoyable to me because of them.
Someone countered with FFXIV, but that has a few caveats that make it acceptable. I'd like to counter with one that's flat out awful: DFO. DFO's Steam release creates its own account that is separate from your original Neople account (that they made through Facebook integration, by the way). If you launch DFO through Steam it will log in automatically with your Steam account and there's no way to link the two. The only thing you can do is try and cheat the launcher by logging out of the launcher and logging back in without closing the launcher with your normal account, but you have to do that every time. There's no way to link your pre-Steam account with a Steam account. That being said, Microsoft Xbox Live integration is good enough to work on Steam, I don't see it being an issue. I've played quite a few games that require me to log into my Microsoft account to play on Steam, a notable would be Ori and the Will of the Wisps. I'm pretty sure Microsoft provides an API for integration and everything, it shouldn't be hard for SEGA/PSO2 to get it done.
Yeah Summoner is an Ep 4 addition. That's why they're in a really shitty place in NA. Most of their good candy comes from Tokyo/Vegas, and we don't have them. They cannot get half of their good shit, they're simply not in the drop tables for anything available for NA.
Interesting. I'm surprised they skipped out on a Ranged weapon this time but I guess when one of them is used as one it counts :P Thanks for the info.
Do they encourage swapping between them using certain PAs like Hero and Phantom do? I really liked that concept, although it got expensive as fuck (or inefficient) to maintain but I loved it. Much more intuitive than using the weapon palette.
Yes, when the grave was revealed the day after the episode there were articles where they were saying they weren't quite sure who would be in it yet. They didn't tell the actress that she was being killed off until late in the season, I think it was right before a con too if I remember correctly.
Both forms probably exist. Shields based on the structure of a ship make sense in case you're in some tight flying scenarios. However, in the case of on a planet you'd want your shields to be more bubble-like to contain a region.
That's why Bernie was marked as a Democrat even though most of his ideals don't align with the party. He'd get nowhere trying to be anything else (and I think he tried, but I don't remember for certain). Even then, once the party realizes you're not part of their gang you get destroyed anyhow.
I can't agree with that at all. Season 6 wasn't great, especially as a technical person and the many flaws in their tech subplots, but Season 4 was awful. They placed a Jewish person in a gas chamber. They tried to justify nuking a city. Felicity's mom first became a major character for no reason. The big bad fight was literally Oliver and Damian exchanging punches like it was a high school brawl. Season 4 is definitely the low point in the series.
&gt; Jeri Ryan also rocked that uniform too. She looked way better in the uniform than she ever did in that (intentionally) skin tight outfit they gave her.
There was a patch during PSO2 JP's early life that deleted part of your drive. I can't remember the specifics but this shit isn't exclusive to NA.
&gt; I honestly wish they would just kill of Skype for Business yesterday. At my company we use Skype for Business for chat, but both Teams and Webex for video for some reason. My company has switched officially over to Teams, but you have to stay logged into Skype for Business because every once in a while you get someone looking for you on that instead. I've even had a few times where I get IM'd by a person on one one day then the other the next, then the third day they're back to the first one. I don't know how someone can operate so inconsistently. Pick an app and stick with it please.
The fact that they all dropped him the second this shit started implies to me that his behavior on the set wasn't up to snuff completely. For example, maybe there were signs that he still believes this way but they were subtle so no one brought it up. You can get a bad feeling about someone after you work with them for a while without having anything concrete to really support it, but once you have that it's different.
Cresenda or whatever her name is (the quest NPC near Franka in the Shopping District and next to the Block Change) is a good example. She's tiny, but has a huge rack. It just doesn't fit and she looks wrong. Honestly playing with the character creation/salon, even at 30-40% a character's breasts are quite large. 100% is excessively gigantic (minus the accessories that are in JP that make it worse, those don't count). You have to go like 20-30% if you want something normal looking.
Considering the lobby lag is fixed without the Tweaker, I honestly would recommend not using it at all. I get the point of the Tweaker, and I appreciate that team's work, but the Microsoft Store does so many weird things I wouldn't be surprised at all if the Tweaker does some hacky shit that conflicts with the Microsoft Store and causes the Microsoft Store to try and resolve perceived issues that don't exist, causing your (and others') problems. Don't forget that the way the Microsoft Store works is that it creates a baseline folder, then duplicates that folder that you actually run the game off of. This folder is used to restore whenever it thinks there's something wrong. The biggest problem here is that the patches aren't brought into the baseline folder resulting in backups needing to, at the very least, redownload every patch. Who knows what else the Microsoft Store isn't doing right because of its ridiculous schema. I don't think the Tweaker is a good solution until we get an install that's not related to the Microsoft Store for NA.
You should report this on the PSO2 forums. This is something those guys can actually handle if they get enough information. Or it can at least get sent off to the JP team to look at.
I've also seen discussion of them making it a configurable value, just to really fuck up everyone's day. If we get in a tizzy over every single word that has a potentially negative meaning in some context somewhere, we'd mind as well stop talking entirely. The word 'master' has been a computer term since the beginning. Ever see an old BIOS bootup screen? Your main drive is the master drive. This is flat out ridiculous in my opinion. The word 'master' has negative connotations, sure, but not every definition is so. Are we no longer allowed to use that word at all? What about a master of a specific technique or similar usage of that term? No longer allowed? C'mon.
It's not about space, though. It's about how much oxygen the ship can produce. You have the physical space for 150,000 people, for example, but if the oxygen supply can't support 150,000 people then it doesn't matter, you're not taking on 150,000 people.
True, but it's not advertised as such and technically you're changing the main branch, not renaming the original name of the main branch. There's a difference. I expect that if they implemented something to change the name of the default main branch, they'd have some prompt on repo generation where it asks what you want to name it and gives some suggestions, instead of just making the main branch 'master'. That will result in people naming it all kinds of crap because you give them the option right out of the bag instead of forcing them to find a way to rig it to be different. Basically, by giving visibility to the fact that the main branch doesn't need to be 'master' (or whatever they change it to), you open the door to a lot of people changing it because they can, not because they should.
Mine is horizontal and has antenna coming out of the back. If the PS5 had antenna coming out of it I'd be more inclined to agree but it doesn't so I don't get the complaint.
I know they are constantly creating things out of thin air, but you still need some source for that matter. You can't create something from nothing. This is true even for replicators, as you constantly hear on Voyager how they're on "replicator rations." This implies that there's some resource that's used for replicator function and they were limited on how much of it they had. Additionally, it's not just creating oxygen. You need to scrub CO2 from the atmosphere or it doesn't matter how much oxygen you have, you'll die anyway.
I don't disagree with this argument for new players, but I will say that as someone who played on and off for years, it's not that hard to keep a basic news feed of what's going on in this game in regards to its release schedule and log on once every few months to get the Living World for free even if you don't intend to play it right then. I didn't play for almost all of LS4, yet I still didn't pay a dime for it. I just logged in once every few months when I heard that there was a new chapter out, and you don't even have any urgency in it. It's available for free for months.
&gt; Pathetic that governors are so weak that they can't make it mandatory for people to wear masks in enclosed public spaces. Some of them don't want to, not that they can't. Basically anywhere with a Republican Governor is fucked. They're all actively evil.
Flash jazzed up their intro because after Crisis they became the "main" series.
&gt; Not good advice. Be tactical, choose who and the moment but liberals need to confront their families with evidence and have this discussion. There's only so many ways you can argue before you realize that you're *never* going to win the argument. Sometimes you have to accept the fact that a person is never going to change their mind on something, regardless of how much you used to think better of them.
&gt; Haha dark matter dagger go brrrr The worst one was where they had that whole plan where they threw his dagger into a vibe portal. Then "just because," it somehow escaped being in an alternate dimension/universe, and gets back to him. Not only that but they sat there for like five minutes and let it get back to him even though he was powerless. It was ridiculous. But also that time Barry had him but because Nora being in danger sent Barry into anger Barry let him escape even though Barry had him pinned down.
Seriously he did? Not sure how but okay.
I believe you, it's just ridiculous. It wouldn't be the first exaggeration the Arrowverse guys have made.
Don't forget master/slave have been computer terminology since the day computers were in your house. Your main and secondary drive are referred to as the master/slave drives. Just because a word has one negative meaning doesn't mean the entire word is negative in all contexts. Treating words like that's the case means half our vocabulary needs to get nixed.
It's also $70B/year, isn't it? As this is the yearly budget, unless I'm misunderstanding something. We're not talking about $70B one time next year or something like that, we're talking about $70B every single year going back into other services. Those will generate their own jobs as well. Probably not in the same location but people relocate all the time, that's just a part of life.
Sure I'm not arguing that at all, my point is simply that these terms have been in use for a very long time and no one has had a problem with them until very recently and only because those terms were used at one time in a completely unrelated context negatively. It's ridiculous. I can make an issue out of tons of words if I want to throw away contextual meaning, but I don't because I'm not insane.
You should never forget how GF couldn't even fit Johto on a GBC cart until Iwata came in and improved their compression algorithm so well that they were able to add in Kanto too. Granted this was close to two decades ago and compression algorithms aren't really an issue for games for the most part anymore (not for space concerns, at least), but all the problems Pokemon games have had recently leads me to believe that their development team hasn't gotten much better. The 3DS games ran like shit (supposedly future proof models that they then failed to use for SwSh). The Wild Zones for SwSh run like shit. They constantly add cool QoL features in one game only to never use them again in the next, especially stuff like your Pokemon follows you around, a feature people have wanted mainstream ever since Yellow and is easily within the realm of possibility with today's hardware. The list goes on. There's a lot of signs that GF is a bad development group that hit the jackpot by pure luck and did nothing about their problems afterward because they, through non-game related content, continue to make bank and attract people who don't care about the flaws. Those flaws are very much there, people just don't care. Very common occurrence.
&gt; And how is Pokemon following you around a QoL change? Immersion. &gt; Pure luck is what got Pokémon rolling? Yes. There were games that did the monster catching concept before Pokemon, and there are games that have done it better since Pokemon, but Pokemon hit that golden ratio where it was exactly what people wanted, on the exact right platform, at the exact time that they wanted it even if they didn't know that's what they wanted. It exploded after that and a lot of Pokemon's profit (and visibility) is through merchandise and its animes, not the games themselves anymore. The games today are hogwash. There's almost no improvement in them, especially in core mechanics, in any way. Very rarely you get something like the SPECIAL split, and it took five generations to get a new type. Pokemon's mechanics stagnated a lot time ago and they never do anything to spruce them up in an interesting way. Mega Evolutions were a good attempt, but they abandoned them. Same with Z-Moves. Gigimaxing is no different, it'll be gone next entry. Ultimately they all get dropped. Why? People shit on DQ for being "the same generic JRPG" with every entry yet how is Pokemon *any* different? They barely even use 2v2 and 3v3 combat anymore. Pokemon gets away with a lot of bullshit.
The thing that's crazy to me about that is they could have easily had him get cuffed, and then make it so that because the dagger is the source of the power the cuffs didn't work, or something like that. Then when it came time to capture him later say, "We fixed that problem." Instead they made the team morons.
The problem is most Space Sims are like the X franchise in that, as much as I love it, they're super complicated and confusing for newbies. There are some exceptions, but especially with Open World being the new big thing, the second you enter the realm of space ship flying you immediately also enter the realm of space stations, trading, missions, factions, the list goes on. Star Wars is defined enough to have a reason to avoid a lot of the complicated factors, though, as its universe's major players are basically two instead of what you'd expect in a typical vast and open universe. Also it being such a known name can help give visibility to a genre people may not have realized existed, because most space sims don't really get much prime time advertising.
Do you even understand what QoL means? Anything that improves a player's experience when playing the game that's unrelated to gameplay itself is QoL. Easier navigation through menus is a good example of typical QoL, but features that provide absolutely no gameplay value and instead provide the user with visual customization is QoL. A Pokemon following you around provides no gameplay benefit, but people will be more immersed and have more fun when they can have their critter friends visibly following them around on their journey. That's QoL. &gt; Look, I’m glad you shared several of your opinions in the last comment, I’m just concerned you think half of that is factual. They're not opinions, they're facts. Where are core feature improvements to the gameplay every game? It's literally the same exact formula every game with one tacked on extra. The performance of the games is garbage tier, other games have gotten *destroyed* in reviews for better performance than the 3DS and Switch games have provided. Have they spent any time on improving their animations? I'm sorry you don't want to admit that there's a problem, but there most definitely is. I loved Pokemon, I played it as a kid and loved every GB -&gt; DS entry. But there comes a point where you ask yourself if the money and time you're spending to play them is worth it. With a core series that has stagnated the way Pokemon has, the answer is no.
&gt; You can't let other people's opinions warp your own idea of fun. I didn't mean to imply that I was doing that, just that I remember back when the game came out a large amount of people complained about a lack of content when it was right in front of their noses the whole time. &gt; There is no right way to play. If someone enjoys rushing to level 80 then that's on them. Agreed, however I will certainly call someone out if they complain that there's no content when they skipped it all.
To be fair on the last one you should almost always have a default anyway, just in case. Someone could add an enum value and they're not going to go back to every scenario and handle its addition.
And yet... The framerate appeared smooth for the most part, which can't be said for any of the last three generations of Pokemon games (though trailers can be cheaters), and the animations looked way better even if they still left something to be desired.
Technically speaking when a bird swoops in and grabs a fish it doesn't kill the fish right then, so there was no on-screen murder. Just implied murder. I don't know if that's a first for Pokemon.
If it has a map....or platforming....or boss encounters...or progression through items...or just looks like Metroid OR Castlevania...it's apparently a Metroidvania nowadays. The increased usage of the term has been really bothering me for a few years now because even the most barebones Metroid-like game gets classified as a Metroidvania even though it has none of the elements introduced by Castlevania (that created the Metroidvania genre).
I remember those updates from the guy(s) working on the PSX translation project. It made me really hopeful because I don't even care that much about ALL of the dialog needing to be translated, we could play without most of it. The primary stuff would be skill/monster/item names and battle text/stats. Sadly that site died and as far as I can tell nothing took its place. There were also so few updates I imagine the project had been dead for a while before then anyway. &gt; The Joker games were nice, but yeah, they didn't really hold a candle to these games. There's something about the well done pixel art style that can't really be recreated with generic 3D models, so whilst I'm really wanting to get to play the 3DS remakes at some point, I think they're still missing something. The 3DS remakes look nice, for sure, but none of the games with the Joker style of DQM are all that good to me. DQ stat values don't go into the thousands upon thousands like they do in Joker games, and MP costs of spells are in the hundreds for the better spells, it's crazy. Add on that the random key system is not randomly generated maps in the 3DS remake of DQM2, which was a huge disappointment. They're just blocked off sections of existing maps. They also always worked as set "missions" where you have an objective and get the boot when you finish. Hugely disappointing. I also hate the battle system, because the animations are super slow but the only way to do something about it is to enable the "fast forward" feature which causes it to look ridiculous and lose all the sound effects. The GBC/PSX games are just better paced and have appropriate stat distributions for a DQ game. They feel like DQ games where your party is monsters of your choosing, not a game that plays differently where the models are DQ based which is what the Joker games felt like to me. Sure, you could create overpowered monsters in the old games and they work against that in the Joker games, but that's part of the fun.
If this is an active codebase, it's still something you need to consider. Sure, that specific build doesn't matter, but let's say it's a commonly used enum in a large codebase. Are you going to tell me that if you have to add a new enum value that you're going to go back to the 10,000+ places that enum is used and make sure that all of them are properly handling this new value? If you take your Seasons example, let's say there's a new Season added (for whatever ridiculous reason because there's only four Seasons but go with it). If your switch block didn't just Console.WriteLine, but assigned some variable based on the Season, with no default that variable wouldn't get assigned at all and no preemptive measures can be taken about that. Whatever needs that variable assigned will most likely throw a NullReferenceException when it tries to use it, or at the very least it will malfunction. The default case is extra code that doesn't matter during runtime. Once one of the cases are hit and a break is hit afterward, the rest is skipped. You don't lose performance by adding a default, you only secure the future.
I don't think we've seen anything Zoids related leave Japan in over a decade. I don't think we got Genesis at all, and we didn't get this Wilds anime that the article mentions either. It's not a surprise we get none of the games either since they are supported by the anime we didn't get either.
The thing that bothers me the most about the camera thing is that it's been there since ***Day One*** of Jet Boots functionality. Since the weapon class was added. Hell probably since the camera was originally built for the game but it was never a big deal until they added JBs because they originally were the only weapon that could double jump like that and there wasn't too much vertical combat. Then you add in all the monsters from Harokuten and how giant all of them are and it just makes you wonder how they've been okay for years with vertical focused enemies and a weapon class to compliment that when the camera can't handle it whatsoever.
There's this huge rush to get Nemesis gear yet considering by EoY we'll have Ep.5, I don't really see the point on focusing on getting them. Too much energy spent on something that will quickly become obsolete just because it's the best of what we have right this moment. We know a general outline of what's coming and when, it doesn't seem worth it to overly focus on min/maxing this early in my opinion. If you have a 13* weapon at all that's better than a +35 Nox, you're beyond fine.
It was never meant to. It was just a fun poke at people like you who act like there needs to be an in-show explanation. Here's the reality: A 1960's show pretending to look like the future was very, very bad at a futuristic look. We'll probably discover we made the same mistakes about our era's shows in 2080. That's reality. We're guessing. TOS wasn't even close. Do people seriously expect them to point out how flawed the imagining of future technology was back then not to mention the fact that they were working with what they had at the time? It's never going to happen. Even Enterprise had better looking aesthetic and technology than TOS and it never needed to be addressed because of the same reasons.
&gt; An universe-ending AI from the future? To be fair, in Picard they're from another dimension (or really far away in the universe? The portal made me think another dimension or something to that effect). Also Discovery's AI story is a concept straight from one of the extended universe concepts, if I remember correctly. I don't think Picard's was. That being said, Picard's evil AI felt sudden and forced, like they couldn't decide on a good threat outside of the known factions and they didn't want to make our known Synthetic friends (which would include Data) potentially evil.
&gt; People enjoy the era and the characters too much. They enjoy the nostalgia too much.
I felt like the Mirrorverse in Discovery's first season would have been fine if they had landed there on accident, but the fact that they used it to excuse having Lorca be evil instead of him being a Prime person who's just an asshole felt like a disservice to the season. It's not like evil douchebags don't exist in our universe, why did Lorca have to be a Mirrorverse duplicate? The rest of the season pretty much could have been the same without that "reveal" that most people predicted.
&gt; It's also a pain in the ass that Fury gets to be the passive skill, but I have to waste a palette spot and remember to reactivate Guard Stance every time I enter the departure ship. If you only have points invested in once stance but not the other on a given class, that should always be passive by default and you just get a "toggle stance" active if you actually know both. It used to be that both skills were active toggles and you could use them together, but that was pretty overpowered so they changed it to this system. They used to also stay on between quests, I don't know why they broke that.
Just like lots of people guaranteed Donald Trump wouldn't make it through the primary?
That's literally every application that has continuous updates for years, in all honesty. You don't have time to rewrite entire systems when you want to add some new feature to it, so you tack it on. Tack on enough of these and eventually it becomes a mess. Games are often long-lived applications that receive code updates for years, new features get added to core mechanics all the time. They don't have the time (or it's infeasible) to rewrite a system when you need to add on to it, and the original design likely never considered whatever you're adding. Spaghetti code is the result.
Interesting. I was not aware of that. I dunno if the new anime is any good but it's nice to see Zoids getting some representation outside of Japan again.
I think HEB already requires a mask. At least the one near me on Bunker Hill seems to. They have signs posted and when I was in there the other day no one had one off, *and* they all had it covering their noses, which was surprising to say the least.
I think this and a few other recent events have really opened my eyes to how many stupid people live in this country. I'd say at best it's a 60/40 split where the 40% is so stupid if they were on their own they'd all be dead already and the other 60% compensates for the 40%. Problem is that the 40% gets equal say in a lot of things and it causes all kinds of problems that shouldn't be.
It's because we, as a community, acted like this was a hurricane or similar natural disaster. "Cases are declining, it's clearly over and COVID-19 has passed us. Let's get back to partying!" Then everyone went to the beach, the bars, whatever events they had planned, the list goes on. Except, it wasn't gone. It never will be, that's not how a contagion works. Unless you can completely eradicate it from everyone and there's no sign that that was the case. So now it's exploding here like no tomorrow as everyone pretends like everything is back to normal. It's not.
No, they are not.
That and, "Nevermind I fixed it," with no explanation on what they did are the bane of my existence.
&gt; Idk this language X, but if you did it in language Y you could fix it like this JavaScript is the best. Question includes: "I want to do this without jQuery." Response includes: "I used jQuery to do this. Here's how!"
You have to do what my company did when it merged years back. Everyone reapplies for their job across the organization. Everyone. From a company standpoint it was really shitty, but from a corrupt government standpoint it makes complete sense. If you're taking over from a corrupt government, there's really no other way to weed it out. Literally everyone goes back under scrutiny. It'll never be done, partly because it would take forever and partly because I doubt Biden and whoever he brings in would have the balls to do it.
I get upset when someone dies literally RIGHT at the beginning, but I still revive them. Hopefully they learned something. If they didn't? Eh, 20 FUN for free, thanks.
I think the only thing that's really important here is the setup for Tier 3/4. Everything else is, "Perfect world that's not reality," if nothing else but because you just don't get that many seeds.
The reality is that they figured the game would work fine on PC but Xbox with the Microsoft account system and Azure servers was untested waters. The problem is that the people who make decisions like this don't consider things like in game economy impact and similar issues. It's not all about money, it's just incompetence.
&gt; the game is 8+ years old. the ones that have been playing the jp version are years ahead in knowledge on how to make money. these few early xbox starters dont mean anything in that regard. The early Xbox players that are rich are the English people from JP who have been playing non-stop since that release and know how to game everything. That's why they immediately knew what would make them rich and how.
&gt; I don't think he planned to win the election. He definitely didn't. His expression in that picture that was taken right after he was declared the winner in his campaign room says everything. Everyone is cheering, except him and I think Ivanka, where Ivanka was staring at him and his expression was just, "Oh fuck, did I seriously somehow win?"
&gt; If, instead of trying to look like a demigod, he had done his job modestly and courageously, surrounded with competent aides, even with the same right-wing agenda, maybe he'd be more popular now. All he had to do, in all honesty, was handle the pandemic in even the remotest of feasible ways. Myself and many like me would have far less ground to stand on if in the one situation in which American lives are in danger en masse, the President acted like a leader and led the country to safety in some form. Even if it was only half successful. But he didn't. Instead he raped and pillaged the country. He said insane things on live TV that people then followed and died from. He tried to push drugs he had personal interests in. He encouraged other insane things that were so insane that not even his stupid base could think it was a good idea. He didn't lead at all. That's all we needed. A leader. It's clearly not Trump. Anyone who doesn't see it at this point is blind.
I'll see if I can find it for you. It's been a long time since I've seen it posted and I didn't save it anywhere.
Thanks.
The Memory Stick PSP used was still proprietary, they just used it in a lot of their own hardware which is why it was more known and had a PC adapter. In contrast, the Vita was way worse because its Memory Sticks were only for the Vita, because Sony was so scared of the PSP CFW issue repeating itself. If the Vita had truly flourished there would have been PC Adapters for it too, but by the time anyone cared it was already too late for the system. In regards to the Vita being alive with active support...yeah, technically speaking. The Wii U was "alive and with active support" for 5 years too as you say but it was considered a dead console long before that. Just like the Vita, the Wii U was on life support after its first year. A company doesn't kill active support for a console the second the future plans end. They wait a bit. The 3DS has essentially been dead since 2019, but Nintendo still supports it even though it doesn't get anything of value anymore. Even if they don't plan on supporting it much longer they can still rake in a few more sales before they turn in the towel. The second you announce support is ending interest dries up quickly.
The OST is always a highlight for Ys to me. Can't wait to hear this one's.
I think it helps to play some of the earlier Mystery Dungeon games from Spike Chunsoft, and I don't mean the Pokemon games. Games like the DQ spinoff on SNES, Torneko no Daibouken (has a translation patch), the PSX sequel, and some of the early Shiren games. The reason I say this is because they've started much simpler and the developer adds on more every time. The problem is that it doesn't lean you into these additions, so when you start off with a game like Shiren 5, you kind of have everything in your face at once. There's the tutorial room, if I remember correctly, but most people are not going to read that much text.
There are already reviews for this, look up the Vita version. It's most likely a straight port, but even if they add more the fundamentals of the game are the same.
IIRC the transfer rate when doing that was disgusting and there were parts of the storage you weren't given access to, but it's been a while so my memory could be incorrect.
Yeah, it should. It shares a lot of similar concepts.
That's not true. There's several other games that are identical to Mystery Dungeon games in concept, but they're not the same. There's even a few on the Switch (though that Touhou one is pretty good). Chocobo's Dungeon is a good example. I don't mean the title, I mean the specific type of roguelike that makes Mystery Dungeon games. Mystery Dungeon games are essentially a sub-genre of roguelikes.
So it would be aptly named.
I personally enjoyed Torneko: The Last Hope on PSX a lot, and its dungeons slowly introduce mechanics as you go along so it's easier to figure out what's going on. I will say though that the postgame for it can be a bit unfair, especially Green and Red Dragons which are total cheaters.
Part of the problem is how EP1 actually worked on release. Most of those cutscenes were things you saw when you were doing quests themselves, the cutscenes would show up on the map and you could trigger them by activating them. You had this "board" that you did various things in to unlock more and more cutscenes, and eventually you had the ones where you actually did something. With them changing to this system, EP1 cutscenes are a jumbled mess of confusing because you just change areas randomly, the time tables make no sense, the list goes on. It just doesn't work.
Only Lilipa has the ARKS oil we so desperately need, that's why it's the only one with mining bases.
No, they only fixed this one because it became a meme/joke.
&gt; I think they could've prevented this but for some reason CEOs or whoever are still convinced fans just LOVE mobile games. They seem to attribute the fact that people love spending tons of money on those gacha games and play them for years that obviously any game could do that if it were just on your phone! Only those gacha games are always successful when they have a way to not actually play it most of the time. All of the ones I've ever played for more than five minutes have had an Auto that was what you wanted to use until a boss or even through a lot of the bosses. But I've honestly never seen all that much interest in a phone game made specifically for phones where you spend the entire time engrossed in the game. If I had that much spare time I'd whip out my Switch, or go home and go on my PC if I'm so bored that I can spend an hour focused on a mobile game completely. There are some exceptions where you can't do this but usually they're also scenarios where you don't want to dedicate your complete attention to the phone game either. Especially if you can't pause it.
In all honesty, if it takes a week to get results there's almost no point in getting yourself tested. You increase your risk by a large amount only to not know anything new until the time when you're most likely going to start getting symptoms in the first place. I understand that sometimes it can take up to fourteen days to show signs but that's not the norm. Most people, if I remember my stats correctly, show signs within 3-7 days of picking it up. Even if I'm wrong and it's like 8-9 days, the test takes so long to come back it doesn't seem worth it to even get tested in the first place. Which I guess is the point considering we know what the Trump Administration's goal is here. The guy thinks having less tests conducted somehow makes him look better.
I do. You do still need to understand how JavaScript works at runtime, but it's certainly not nearly as bad as writing in JavaScript.
Yes, they're called the Stiletto Earrings in the NES version, I don't know what they're called in any of the newer localizations. They are purchasable in the town with Saro's Elf girlfriend (Rosa in the NES version).
The majority of us haven't voted for them either. The majority didn't have a choice in most of the people doing this shit.
So it's not just me that felt that every other sentence was another person's name that I had no idea who the hell they were. I'm so lost it's not even funny.
I have a 4K TV myself, but even on my PC I don't use 4K. I don't think I ever will, it doesn't seem to be worth it to me. I'd rather have the higher framerate. I would love a console focused on 1080p@120fps over 4K@60fps. The only reason I don't really see that being something that would be a big deal is because most TVs don't support anything higher than 60hz even at 1080p. I had to search very hard to find a TV that did. Even the 4Ks don't support a high refresh rate on 1080p most of the time. Granted it's been ~2 years since I bought the one I have now so I could be wrong about how the current TV market is.
Their console might support it but the problem is that most TVs won't, and therefore most games won't. Even today you get a lot of games where they don't pass 60fps (or worse, 30fps) because they linked too many physics interactions on the framerate, so passing whatever they developed for breaks the game. Way too many games with this problem. So unless it's something that Microsoft or Sony forces, I don't think we're going to see many console games surpassing 60fps regardless of what the console technically supports. It's a shame because 120fps just looks better. The fluidity of the motion is way better to me than the resolution increase you get for going from 1080p -&gt; 4K.
I can't see games supporting 4K@120fps this generation in any capacity. It requires powerful hardware to even go from 60fps -&gt; 120fps on 1080p. 4K@120fps isn't realistic right now. Don't forget that a game doesn't need to just be able to hit 120fps on perfect scenes, but also when everything is hectic and all kinds of effects are going off. An unstable framerate is worse than just having a lower cap.
In StarCraft, Alt+F4 supposedly fixed your shitty connection to the host for downloading maps.
Except if that detection is written poorly it'd catch Elementalists using the Mist ability where you can move. I know it removes you from downed to put you back into downed but if you don't write your check well enough those players would get flagged. Considering the mechanics in the game some of this stuff isn't as easy to write catches as you think. Some things are easy to determine as a human that are hard to determine without a doubt programatically.
Cheaters also tend to be payers when they don't get banned. Sometimes they're whales.
My point is simply that it's really easy for a check that's designed to catch cheaters to catch non-cheaters as well. There's a lot of variables in play here. What about network lag causing your character to appear to teleport? How do you distinguish the two? Just another example off the top of my head and I haven't really thought about it too hard. Like I said before, some things are easy for a human to determine but not so much for a program. False bans would hurt the bottom line (and PR, we've all seen the, "I was unjustly banned and here's my proof!" threads throughout many games), which means perfection is required if a lack of perfection could potentially lead to unjust bans. They'd rather let the few cheaters stick around than ban someone who might be a paying customer.
&gt; I think they underplayed the blue alien arc. That is where the us against the big bad enemy should have gone and been done before they left the galaxy. They also never continued the story about the aliens on the seed ship. I suspect both of these plots were supposed to be long-lived throughout the series. It's one of those things that feel like they're bad loose ends when the show gets cancelled early but if it had survived a few more years I suspect both of these plotlines would have been explored much further and in a rewarding way. But the show got cancelled.
It's almost as if we needed a leader to lead the country by example and information. Instead we got Trump.
We're not supposed to know. Additionally, I have a suspicion after a recent rewatch that (S4 spoilers)[it's not even the same time period.](/s "")
&gt; I forget the exact episode, but Scorpius states how long traditional travel would take to get to Earth, in the same galaxy while talking to John. During the S3 final episodes he has this discussion with John. I don't think he states that they're in the same galaxy as Earth, just that it would take something like eighty cycles to reach Earth and destroy it. There's also no guarantee Scorpius was even telling the truth. The image could have been taken from the neruo-chip and been completely fabricated as an attempt from Scorpius to get John to cooperate. We only have Scorpius' word during this interaction, nothing he said was backed up by data at any point.
The blue seed monsters seem to drop a bomb on death that either takes a really long time to go off or only goes off after you step near it. I've died twice to completing a blue harvest, waiting like 20 seconds just to be sure because I can't see them at all, then step over to look at the crafting options and then die mid-evaluation because a bunch of clustered bombs went off and insta-killed me. I waited way longer than I should have, but above that why do these monsters even have on-death effects? They're one swarm of enemies, it doesn't make sense.
As explained by Einstein, wormholes work by folding both space and time. This is shown by example in the episode after his introduction where John travels back to his own past and causes his father to almost take the Challenger mission which would have lead to his death. I have a separate theory about how this always happened, and John always did what he did in his own past (closed time travel loop, no paradox). Going back to the point, if wormholes travel through both space and time, and you need to be very focused to land exactly where and when you want to, what guarantee is there that John's initial travel through the wormhole led to the same time as he was in? There's no guarantee to this, and the *only* contact we have with what John knew before is through the same wormhole. As a result, how do we know John is even in the same era? It's wholly possible that he's not. Hell, it's likely in my opinion. He had no idea where he was or where he was going, why would he stay on the same time but not the same place? We also know that wormholes loop into themselves (as evidenced in the Einstein episode), allowing someone to return to their point of entry. If John had been navigating the wormhole properly, even by accident/pure chance, he would have arrived home. But he didn't. He arrived in an unknown location in the universe, it's not all that farfetched that he also arrived in an unknown *time* in the universe. Without ever travelling back to Earth via non-wormhole means, there's no way to know, but considering all the options and how his mind was flailing about in confusion during his initial travel through the wormhole, it's very plausible that he is not in the same time period as the Earth he knows and loves.
No, the show never says one way or the other. It's just something I realized was a distinct possibility when rewatching the show recently.
Except you're wrong and your condescending attitude just makes you look like an asshole. The filming of the second season was cut short by a few days, not months. There was never going to be a 15 episode second season.
&gt; if there was no difference between the two then how come there were two. There are points in our own evolution in which there were two subsets of humanity, evolving differently, but one died off and the other did not. That's what neanderthals essentially are. That being said, I would agree that the book passage provided is vague and could mean either of your conclusions. It could mean that they were the same physically and evolved differently, or it could mean that they were treated as equals but were not physically the same.
I've had to abandon arguments that I thought would probably lead somewhere constructive and informative when I realized that my examples were always taken word-for-word literally and the person I was arguing with had no capacity to understand that I wasn't being so literal. It's always disappointing when you realize that you're talking to a brick wall.
&gt; Instead of the iconic photo of a staff member whispering in his ear, it would have been a fleet of golf carts chasing after Drunk Uncle Donny trying to get his attention while his fat ass chops away at a ball in the sand. I remember how much people used to make fun of how Bush reacted to learning about those events. It was the butt of jokes for almost a decade if not longer. Nothing in comparison to what we have now.
I was playing it recently myself, and I would agree with you. It's lacking some polish as you said but it's still in Early Access so that's to be expected. I just wish we had all the character choices. There's still one missing entirely and several subclasses that are missing as well. Once we get all of those I think it'll be a great ARPG choice. It's already shaping up to be so.
