You can have a side character with depth or you can have a throwaway, which is the norm (it’s easier). And that’s what Lost writers went for. They set the motivation to oppose the main character, then had the side character follow those motivations like a robot with no deviation, no thought, and no humanity.
Funny thing about that album was that my boss at the record store I worked at kept pushing it on me. He knew I dug Uncle Tupelo, and the Son Volt and Wilco, and Old 97s - so he kept telling me about Whiskeytown. I didn’t listen to him until *after* they’d played in town so I missed my chance to see them before they splintered on that tour.
Then once you're sure (sure sure, not "incredibly certain"), you're in the clear. Present it as good news (I assume since you're carrying to term that it's good news) and they'll receive it as good news, even if it takes your dad a little time to come around. My ex-wife's sister was in a similar situation. Her dad was not a fan of her boyfriend. When she told her parents that she was pregnant and they were getting married, neither parent lined up with immediate support - mom expressed displeasure and dad pretty much cut off contact ... until the baby was born. And then they were 100% thrilled for their daughter, their grandson, their new son-in-law.
Her suicide attempt was because of her, not you. Repeat, it was not because of you.
That whole trilogy was a great read, some of the best world building I've come across in a long time. The whole way through I felt like I was learning about the world along with the protagonist - how the society is built, how the central government and outer cities get along (or not), and most importantly, how the "magic" works and where it comes from.
My folks had an Atari 2600 from before I was born. Got an NES for Christmas and spent the whole weekend playing SMB. But I think the main blame was when Nintendo Power did a promo where if you subscribed you got a copy of **Dragon Warrior**. Holy shitballs, JRPGs were where it's at, motherfucker. I threw some major hours into that game. Countless playthroughs. So, I know I can win with a basic set up of a Warrior, a White Wizard and a couple DPS ... can I do it with a healer and three ninjas? How about nothing but Red Wizards? NOTHING BUT WHITE? Let's do this, team. That obsession played in nicely for **Final Fantasy**, and then FFII and FFIII for SNES. Then there was a lag as I grew into a teenager with non-game interests, only to get sucked right back in with World of Warcraft. Once again, I was all about those stats. Currently not a gamer.
Time to switch to cannibalism. This is obviously what your husband has been trying to get you to understand by refusing every other meat, yet insisting that a vegetarian diet isn’t feasible.
I don’t know the 2200, but a few years ago I grabbed a 440 off of CL for $100. Couple years ago I decided to finally upgrade my amp and speakers. After that deal was done, I asked the guy about a turntable upgrade in the $500-700 range. Answer was - nothing, to stick with what I had until my new TT budget was in the $1500 or so range. Been very happy with it for years.
Great idea ... *if* you have any impression that she would enjoy your favorite book. For an extreme example, if your #1 favorite book of all time is The Bible and she's a die hard atheist ... probably a gift that would get nothing but a screwed up face followed by a forced smile. But if you've gotten the impression that she'd have any interest at all in your favorite book, that's a fantastic idea that can build a solid relationship.
An old friend/ex-girlfriend invited me over to a homewarming for the house she and her new husband had bought. Normal party. Normal, that is, until I went out for a smoke and my ex's husband was making out with their friend's wife. Turned right back around to grab my stuff and leave. Went into the bedroom where my coat was ... my ex was banging the husband of the woman who my ex's husband was making out with. And that's the night I learned that in the decade or so since we'd broken up, my ex had discovered she was poly.
I really hope you don’t really think it’s your job to expose your kid to “quality”. I mean, at least not in a teacher-student way. Because you don’t want to be that dad. Don’t be the annoying voice in your daughter’s head that nags her into listening to anything other than what she wants to listen to. If my parents influence had anything to do with what music I ended up liking, you know what I’d be into? Nothing but The Beatles, Creedence, and Amy Grant. So thank fucking god my parents didn’t try to expose me to shit. I was able to make my own way. And because of that, I got into the music of active and relevant artists, rather that a bunch of artists who were on their fifth album or dead before I was born.
I love Portishead, but I’m sick of people saying that the definitive trip-hop album is anything other than *Maxinquaye*, by Tricky.
A bike. I can never have enough bike. I also would never turn down socks. It's going to be below zero (Farenheit) over the next couple days as I ride to work, so some Darn Tough wool socks are my best friends. Lights. One can never have enough lights.
I mean, she's a 60something year old and frail woman. I'd feel bad about it, but I could definitely win.
Former boss came running out of his office in a panic because he had "Deleted the office server". No boss, you'd deleted your desktop shortcut to the office server.
Stop pretending to ride a bike on Zwift and instead ride a real bike outside like a normal person.
Most Impressed: My Morning Jacket. I liked some of *Z* well enough, but they weren't a band that I was going to go out of my way to see. About seven or eight years ago, they were closing out a festival that I "volunteer" at (i.e. I spend a few hours wristbanding, or passing out drinks or whatever in exchange for free entry for the day). Completely blown away by what a fucking great showman Jim James and the rest of the band was. I mean, just BOOM. Such energy, such joy. Standing on that hill watching them play as the rain came down, you couldn't help but see a group of people doing wht they love more than anything else in the world. Most unimpressed: Jonathan Richman. This was all my fault. I should have known going into the show that JR in 2005 wasn't going to be anything like if I could have zipped myself back to the '70s to catch a Modern Lovers show. I knew that he'd become a folky troubador. What I wasn't expecting was how *bored* I would be watching a dude strum a guitar and sing sweet songs. Walked out after a half an hour.
What's his tone? He might just be making it very clear that he wants to keep you, and he wants to clam any fears you might be having - he might think that because you're still new to the firm, that you might hear "we're going to add a support vendor" as "OMG, THEY'RE REPLACING ME." Or he's really bad at covering up his plans to replace you and is overcompensating. There's nothing wrong with talking about it though. Managers like hearing from their direct reports that they recognize something they can improve in and are motivated to make improvements. That's far better than not acknowleding where you're doing poorly: in that case, management assumes you are oblivious to your failure or that you simply don't care. Ask for a short meeting. Be upfront about how you recognize that YTD figures are off by whatever percentage from last year. Then present your plan - here's your weakness, here's your strength, here's how you'll correct course, here are the metrics that you'll be measuring success by. And engage him as a mentor manager: does he have any thoughts on your plan? Any thing he sees that you're overlooking or spending too much effort looking at.
&gt;So you don't want to hear what she's getting into, but she's supposed to listen to you prattle on about whatever you want without any consequences? What's astonishing here is that he's pretty much showing *why* having concerns about patriarchy is important.
For bonus fun, 50/50 mix of cheap red wine and coke ... god damn that's delish.
Would've been fine if she really was going through a divorce, rather than letting her husband think everything at home was hunky dory.
Since you're pretty much starting at as boring as you can get with a taco, anything would be an improvement. There are plenty of chicken tinga recipes out there that aren't much more involved than putting together your Old El Paso taco kits: roast some thighs, saute some onions, some chilis, dump in some tomatoes, tear up your chicken and let it bathe in that sauce for a while, enjoy.
&gt; but I did repeatedly told her throughout the 2yrs that I wanted us to be friends While at the same time maintaining a more than friends relationship? Were you forced into an intimate relationship?
If you can grow it, grow it. I do so for convenience more than anything - if I need a tablespoon of thyme, I can snip off some thyme out of a pot rather than paying for more thyme than I need at an inflated cost.
Sure. This spring I took a vacation in Puerto Rico and then spent a couple months reading fiction set in PR and non-fiction about PR, I’ll often get into periods where I read about the Soviet Union (or post-Soviet nations) for weeks at a time. Then when I’m finished, the next book is a breath of fresh air.
Why take a nondescript photo and then post it up nearly four months later with a date? That could be stock photography. Or taken some other day. Or another year. But ... congrats on having a window seat? That’s really all I can think of that’s nice to say.
Depends on what you qualify as an incident. I don't think I've had more than one or two incidents per year over the past couple decades, and that's commuting to work via bike year round. But my threshold for "incident" is pretty much getting hit, or nearly getting hit had I not made a quick avoidance manuever *and* it was entirely the fault of a driver being a dingus.
I didn't know that repeating your setlist was a thing until I went to a "big show" this year and realized it was the same set list as the nights prior, and the nights after were the same set list once again. For all the decades that I'd been going to shows, it wasn't smaller shows in clubs. I That's just what is going to happen for a big stadium/arena show. It's as much a planned out production with timing and lighting and pyro cues as it is a band running through some songs. Guess you just can't improv as much if your band includes members picked up just for the tour, or if the stage show needs to hit certain beats.f it's a band that has been working together outsid of the tour for years, and the only light show is some random lights done on the fly and a smoke machine, it doesn't need to be such a rehersed performance
You can bring it up to me. I don't know why, but I've always really liked Rod Stewart.
Take it. He might be using you to atone for his past misdeeds. Or he might be looking at his life and thinking "well, I done screwed up my chances to have kids to provide for an education, but I can help out my brother's kids." Or he's dying and wants to give away his money. Or he's trying to prove something. Or maybe he's just heard good things about this neice he hasn't met and wants to bring some good into the world. Until you find out there are weird strings attached (and don't go actively looking for strings - just pay attention *if* they pop up), enjoy this and pay it forward.
Unless you live in an area where venomous spiders abound, it is quite irrational.
Talk about it. He might just be absorbing the reality of an unexpected pregnancy. It's one thing to be really excited right away: you were happy, and that fed his happy feelings, yay excitement. And then as each day goes by, it gets a little bit more real. He starts runnig things through his head of all the things that are going to change. Since this is still a secret (which I think is a good idea), does that mean that he has no one else to talk to? Would you be ok with him talking to a friend in confidence? Sometimes just talking to someone can help ease fears.
It's most definitely her story and her perspective (though through the trilogy a couple other perspectives pop up) - you're only going to learn what she learns and know what she knows. That was one of my favorite elements of the book: you get a real sense of how ... backwards and in the dark she was and you have to learn about the world along with her.
So many actors in the world and you pick her as your favorite? Well, I guess it’s better than picking Brittany Spears.
Perfect christmas gift!
If you were going for a full on relationship, boyfriend-girlfriend style, you might hit some bumps. But FWB? Just leave him in better shape than you found him. **BUT** ... choosing someone you work with as a friend wiht benefits is fraught with potential landmines. Like, just the way you mention that he is "clearly into you". If he's into you as in he's looking at you as a great potential girlfriend, but you're all about getting a little sex now and then, how are you going to handle any resentment from him at work? How do you see the FWB eventually ending? What happens when one/both of you start dating someone else and you're still working together?
Campground rules: leave them in better shape than you found them. So, don't be a user. Don't make him feel bad for being younger, or make him feel like you're doing him a favor by being with him when he's so young.
Toast. That's it's prime objective, to toast. If it can make perfect toast, it can handle anything.l
More often with non-fiction than fiction. I actually can't remember the last time I stopped a novel part way through, but have quit on four or five non-fiction books this year. Sometimes its that it's just too much for what I want - I quit on Kissinger's *World Order* because after something like 300 pages, I just didn't want to read any more about his thoughts on the power balance on earth. I quit on a book about the gender dynamics in the early days of the Soviet Union becasue it was just more dry and academic than I wanted. I've quit others because it becomes apparent that the target audience is more elementary than I am and I'm not getting anything new out of it. It's your life. Fill it with what you want.
I can’t point to any artist who I can honestly say I wholeheartedly love everything in their catalog. I **love** Ween. It’s not an exaggeration to say that between 1994 and 2004 I spent more time listening to their albums, going to shows, downloading bootlegs, and blowing hour after hour on alt.music.ween and Ween Forum. I lived and breathed their music. But then *quebec* came out and I thought “meh, it’s got some good stuff, but if I never hear ‘Transdermal Celebration’ or ‘Zoloft’ again, that’ll be fine”. The *Friends* EP and *La Cucharacha* didn’t even register a meh. But I’m certainly a Ween fan and will always be a Ween fan. I think The Flaming Lips are one of the coolest, most creative projects out there, right up with The Residents and Devo, pushing the line between art and artiface. And as happy as I am that Wayne Coyne Can now pretty much do whatever the fuck he wants, I haven’t been into their albums since *Yoshimi Battles the Pink Robots* ... and that was nearly two decades ago. But if you asked me to name some bands I am a fan of, I’d name them. However, I do draw a fuzzy line between being a fan but not liking some albums and liking some albums (or even most) and not being a fan. It probably has something to do with whether or not “I was there” for the stuff I liked. Like, i “was there” for what I consider to be Ween’s high point ... but I wasn’t there for The Grateful Dead’s high point - I like a lot of their studio work and think their live sets in the early ‘70s are amazing, but I’m in no way a fan of the dead.
Jack and cheddar. The former makes it creamy, the latter makes it taste like Mac and cheese. Gouda works too. I’ll drop in some blue if i have a random hunk for some funk
If it's a genre that revolves around the extraordinary, yes. And your examples are those that would require an extraordinary character. If Harry Potter were just another magic dude in a world of magic dude, then why would he be the one two finally rid the world of Voldemort? If Percival were just another gamer geek in a world obsessed with being gamers, why would he be the one to finally crack the secret? Then there is the rest of the world of novels that work because their characters are regular, identifable characters. If The Father in *The Road* was some sort of super survivalist, it'd be a boring book where he provided for his kid without any run ins with the depraved remnants of society. The entire family in *The House of Broken Angels* work because they're all people with some good, some bad, but nothing extraordinary.
They're much more believable as 17 year olds than as 23 year olds. Put them into context. This isn't a world in which the average kid grows up in a nuclear family and goes to school from age 5-18, maybe has a part time job starting at age 16, then gets a full time job or goes to college, only to repeat the scenario by haing their own kids and raising them to go to school from age 5-18 ... nope, this is a world of the seedy criminal underbelly where young kids end up working in factories, in gangs, or in whorehouses. That sort of shit ages a person. But it doesn't age out everything, which is why they still react with the dumb emotions of a teenager at times.
Some clarity on that. Like, are we talking some image that claims Nintendo is FAR SUPERIOR to Sega and she makes some comment about how Nintendo is for babies? Or some image of creamation ovens at Auschwitz captioned "Cooking with Gas!" and she comments "Fools, everyone knows Jews are best on wood fire grills"? Becasue the former is nothing, while the latter is shitty and offensive.
Agreed. However, it then got piles and piles of love. Check Your Head never got that same sort of second act, and Ill Communication never needed a second act, leaving this under appreciated gem of an album all alone.
That's the problem with making something like the food you eat not just an integral part of your personality, but an integral part of your identity as a couple: if either person shifts away from that identifier, it shakes the couple. Same goes for being "the steampunk couple" or "the couple that only wears tie dye" or any other thing that you make into part of your fiber. A Vegan and a Carnivore can work out. One of my oldest friends loves the flesh, almost to a rediculous level. Her husband (I think they're at 12 years now) was raised vegan and has been vegan his entire life. They make it work. She does most of the cooking, and will make modified versions of whatever is for dinner, one for her, and one without animal products for him. It works because veganism has never been "their thing". It's his thing for certain, but he hasn't connected her diet to her feelings for him. And secondly, he simply understands that what she eats is her business, and she in turn understands that what he eats is his business. Neither rubs their personal dietary choices in the other's face. Whether it can work out for the two of you is up to you two.
Ah -- I know that as sucking teeth, not kissing teeth.
I'm with you on steps 1-3. But whenever I get to step 4, I'm left with less money than I had entered the store. Am I supposed to resell what I buy at mark up in the parking lot?
Or at least fresh tapes by the time Live At Stubb's was recorded. They'd been on a major label for eight years by that time and had a real live drummer *and* pianist! I can just picture Kirk getting things set up and realizing he's out of tapes. He runs to the tour van and grabs out the Chic casette they'd been listening to on the way to the show. *Whew, close one*, he says to himself.
She might be a great girlfriend ... in the future. Not now. Right now she's got a LOT of her own stuff to work on. If you stick around, here's how it'll play out: you will become her anchor, and you'll end up feeling like you need to stay as her anchor, you'll bear the brunt of her troubles and will lose the ability to take care of yourself. You'll become miserable being together, but because she relies so much on you, you'll feel like you can't leave ... the downward spiral is real, and every day that goes by makes it harder to leave. Bring her, or send to her a card, a teddy bear or flowers telling her you hope she can get help. Then leave her to get the support she needs from her family, *established* friends and professionals. A guy she's known for less than a month is not what can help her now, it can only hurt. If, down the road, you hear that she's making good progress with therapy and/or medication, has closed out her relationship with her abusive ex, and is in a place where she can be in a healthy relationship, then you can contact her and see how she's doing. In the meantime, don't halt your life with the expectation that the two of you are going to end up as a happy couple. Go on with your life. Date, work, school, friends - whatever.
Doesn't seem great. Would you put up with this with a friend? Trust your gut. There are better people out there than someone who gives you a really bad feeling.
Whisk while adding hot milk. I start with a large splash, and once that's incorporated, whisk in the rest in a stream.
If you have really no other option, I suppose you ... ugh, grody. I don't care how clean I scrub my tub, there's gonna be soap scum of dead skin in there.
&gt;Pasta from scratch is tricky Either I was born with top notch technique (unlikley) or it's not really tricky. I bought a pasta roller when I was 20 because I'd tasted fresh pasta for the first time at a restaurant and got obsessed with the idea of making my own pasta. Flour, crack in some eggs. Use a fork to incorporate flour, slowly at first. Once flour is all incorporated, knead that sucker, adding flour as needed until if feels like baby skin - dry, but not too dry, and supple and smooth. Let it rest for an hour before rolling and cutting.
I was supposed to work through a cookbook from the Yucatan this year, never got around to it. I can translate a recipe in French without a problem, but Spanish is proving more difficult, as is sourcing some ingredients.
This was my thought. He’s consistent as fuck. But his consistency is such that he pretty much writes the same story over and over again.
The best sci-fi/fantasy series I’ve gotten lost in recently was NK Jemisin’s *Broken Earth Trilogy*. It excels I’m slowly revealing the world through the eyes of the protagonist - at the start it’s all very strange and unclear, but you learn along with her how things are and how they came to be that way. For a more fun and picaresque read, *Six of Crows* and *Crooked Kingdom* is a great heist fantasy duology. I’ve also enjoyed the first two books of the Sea of Ink and Gold series, *The Speaker* and *The Reader* (haven’t read *The Storyteller*). It has magic, adventures, history upon history,pain and fun.
I hadn't either until I was extoling the virtues of Arboretum on this sub. Watched some videos of it and just though "Yeah, that looks like Arboretum Lite".
Here's my take on it: Moving to Alaska is a pipe dream for him. Really, a lot of what you write about his future plans(buy property here, house on a lake, become a farmer, marry you at some distant point) sound very much up in the air. And that's fine and normal - he's 23. I'd be more concerned if he told you that his dream was for everything in his future to look exactly as they do now. If he really, truly wanted to move to Alaska, he'd already be there. It doesn't take *years* of planning to move, and he's taking years just to develop a frame of a plan to eventually start thinking seriously about moving to Alaska. So don't sweat it. If the idea that in two years the two of you might not be compatible really freaks you out, then think about whether remaining with him now makes sense. But to me it doesn't seem wise to decide to cut off what sounds like a very good relationship (or at least, you didn't bring up anything bad) becasue of something that might or might not happen two or more years from now. I'd enjoy the present, and keep lines of communication open. When he starts his daydreaming about the future, contribute, reminding him that if the two of you are going to work out long term, **both** of you need to develop the plans for what that long term would look like. But between you and me, Alaska to your boyfriend is this idealized place that he thinks about, in the same way some people talk about how when they're 60 they'll retire to a private island in the South Pacific. It's something nice to think about when reality isn't perfect.
They already broke up. A decade ago.
I think the problem is a 26 year old seems to think a UTI is an STD. Unless this is a relationship that involves a lot of financial intermingling, seems odd to ask for the other half to pay for what is general medical care.
If your only conversation topics are "how are you" or related ("how was work, how was your sleep, how was your commute), then of course you'll run out of things to talk about. So, branch out. How do you talk to other people in your life? Probably about a lot more than your past or your day to day life, right? Talk about something you saw on the news or heard on the radio. Talk about something you learned. Talk about something funny or interesting you saw. Talk about a movie you're looking forward to, or some concert or vacation you're looking foward to. Something else to touch on -- are you not seeing each other in person? Is there a reason for having so many phone conversations? Talking by phone and talking in person are two different beasts; it's much harder to read what sparks the other's interest (or isn't interesting) on the phone than when you can see the other's face.
Well, better you learn now that she's not someone who can be relied upon to provide even a little bit of support when you need it.
I would. If it were user friendly, in any way. And I'm an old-timey BBS, newsgroup, early WWW user. I'm pretty forgiving when it comes to wonky interfaces. But BGG ... it's bad enough that I often give up looking for what I'm looking for and find it elsewhere.
Yeah, rock bottom is generally a sure-fire wake up call. But for someone watching someone else heading that way, it should be the last resort. If you know someone is going to hit bottom, you at least try a few times to say "Hey Honey, that day where you run out of money is coming up ..."
There’d be a couple results from a reboot, remake or sequel: 1. It ends up not pleasing the established fans. In this scenario, the fans drag it down until it fails. It might diverge too much from canon, or it doesn’t have the right focus, or it’s too serious or too lighthearted. Lots of possible pitfalls. 2. It ends up pleasing only the fanboys and ignores the general public. Keep in mind that during the original run, broadcast didn’t have much competition compared to today. What is considered a hit in viewership now would be cancelled before sweeps ten years ago. 3. It dilutes the Brand. Probably the most likely outcome. You end up with a show that is ok, but doesn’t maintain the original’s luster and show it makes the original seem less in the public eye. Lost isn’t something like Star Trek that is such an open universe that you can keep spinning off series after series. It’s very contained. For it to still be “Lost”, it needs to follow the core characters - while watching the origin story of the DHARMA Initiative would be cool for a couple hours, it’d be a bit boring without tying into the characters we watched for six years. And just continuing the story would either be bland (wow, Hurley sure is good!) or it’d be contrived (look at what wacky adventures they’re up to this week!).
Like most suburban white kids in college, I spent many nights barely tolerating that at least one person in the smoke circle just had to put on Bob Marley, *Legend* at some point because it was "perfect stoner music". How many times can a person be expected to hear "Three Little Birds" before they lose their high and just start smashing the record player to pieces? I didn't completely dismiss reggae, but it certainly didn't float to the top of my picks for music. I never really bothered to look into Jamaican history, culture, and the background of reggae. Then a couple summers ago I read Marlon James' excellent *A Brief History of Seven Killings*, a novel centered loosely around an assassination attempt on Marley. Just a huge and wide ranging story about rival gangs in Jamaica, politics, drugs, the CIA, Rastafarianism, and reggae. That opened up a great big rabbit hole of Jamaican roots music, and a newfound respect for Bob.
Affordable is relative. But unless you get really lucky with something at a thrift shop or Craigslist, you won't find a quality player for $50. If you can budget for $100, you can find some great used stuff out in the wild.
Don't use the record as a frisbee while you wait. For a concert, I wouldn't bring a record, regardless of how I've tried protecting it, if I were going to be down on the floor and moving. But I wouldn't think twice about protecting if I were at a seated show. But I don't usually bring records to concerts - I'll buy them there. I do keep around mailers for this sort of thing. If you don't have a mailer, it's a good excuse to buy yourself a record online today: you get a new record, *and* you get a sturdy cardboard mailer to protect a record if you're bringing it to get signed.
Reasoning isn’t going to get you anywhere. The addicted mind doesn’t really “get” the concept of “this behavior is why things are getting worse”.
What did he tell you this past spring? If there was a time for him to come clean about whatever he was up to, it was then, or at least some time this year. How you want to deal with this now is your call. Depending on what’s going on and what any legal consequences are, it might be anywhere from a little annoyance (e.g. case doesn’t go beyond prelim hearings and no charges go forward) to you wondering what to do about having a boyfriend in prison and his dirty laundry aired out in newspapers and television, or something in between - fines, probation, short jail time, etc. If you’re at all willing to stick out til tomorrow, he owes you a full account. What did he do, what is he charged with, what he’s planning on doing. Whether or not he understands this now, this will affect you and it’d be a major selfish jerk move to not have any consideration for you.
Cuz he's not white. That pretty much sums it up. History is written by the victors. And the default victors at the start of the rock and roll era were whites.
A book takes as long to read as it takes to read. If you purposefully rush it, you'll know in the end that you rushed it. There are definitely times when I will read a book in a day - this Christmas, for example. Due to scheduling issues, I did Christmas with the family on Christmas Eve, my partner was with her family on Christmas day, so I was home alone. No stores were open, no bars, no restaurants. Heck, even the liquor store was closed. But I'd gotten books for Christmas. Read through nearly two decent sized books - the amount of reading that in normal times would've been a week, maybe a week and a half. But I wasn't rushing; I was just turning page after page with zero distractions.
Find a decent book on sausage making, and then start trying out sausages. See how far down the rabbit hole (yes, rabbit sausage) you go.
You're doing good right now by being a family member who shows him love and joy. Now, if you're concerned enough by his behavior and what you've seen from his homelife to bring this up with child protective services, do so. Just know that CPS isn't something that you can walk back or easily return to a "before" with your family. If it turns out your nephew actually just has a belligerent streak in him that has nothing to do with his home life, you have damaged your relationship with your sister and brother-in-law, maybe your parents. So don't take it lightly, but don't let that stop you from reporting if you feel you have a legitimate concern. So at the least, continue your relationship with him. Keep seeing, call him, facetime or skype, send little gifts and cards ...
Cream cheese, cranberry sauce and black olives.
One post out of *many* doesn't save this sub from being a recycling bin of old ideas. I'm here for the nostalgia.
&gt; A CD is $15 and record $35? If you travel back not too far in time, CDs were more expensive than LPs. I don't have to recall back too for to get to the nights at shows where the merch table has CDs at $15 and LPs at $10.
How can I look cool if I'm not going at least 10 over the speed limit? My girl will think I'm a lame-o.
&gt;Is this just a simple “too much salt” kind of thing That is the only way that food is going to taste too salty.
She might be giving you "hints" because she likes the attention. Or she might not actually be giving you "hints", but you're reading them as hints because you've got a crush. Or anywhere in between. Some people have a flirty way about them and they don't really realize that how they're acting could be read by others as flirtation. What might be to her just normal interaction can end up being read by you as "whoa, I think she's into me." In any case, she's also made it known to you that she's into some dude, which is more than a hint that if she were on the prowl, it's not for you. (And as already noted, she's too old to be sniffing around you.)
&gt; I called my sponsor after these two incidences and have been hitting the meetings religiously Good response. For now, take the hands off the wheel and give up control. This is one of those things that you need the serenity to not change and the wisdom to see that it's something you can't change. Her feelings and thought processes are hers and she needs to let them happen. You can't force her to see "oh yeah, that was years ago, he's changed". It's probably really putting her on a spin because if her background has been well-to-do upper crust types, she's got her own mental image of what an ex-convict drug dealer is like, and it's not someone like you. Throw yourself into your program. Meetings. Help someone struggling with sobriety. Pray and meditatate. Godspeed, young man.
Why would reading forwards/afterwards/acknowledgements/etc be a "bad habit"? That said, I don't always read all the before and after stuff. Forewords I'll usually read only if it's a subject or author that I'm either really into or really new to. For example, I'm not likely to read a foreword to a book about the space program in the '60s because unless it's a really unique view, it'll just be rehashing what I already know. But I'd read a foreword on a book about the Soviet space program, because not only do space programs interest me, but I don't know much about the Soviet side of it (other than in relation to the US space program). Afterwords I'll nearly always read, just like I wouldn't walk out of a speech right as the speaker says "... and in conclusion". Acknowledgements I usually start reading, and then end up skimming looking for any names I recognize. And since About the Author is generally no more than half a dozen sentences, why not?
I can't. Re-read my comment: I *think* that if I were reading it for the first time now rather than twenty some years ago, it would come off as cheesy.
&gt;, if you keep behind and spread around the unattractive areas, you’ll get a giant boost at the end That's the way my greatest come from behind ever happened years ago. I was mammals, and Blight came up in the first round. I got the smackdown and was left barely hanging on to a tiny, inhospitable corner of the globe. And being last in initiative, I had many rounds where I wasn't able to adapt, so I continued to just ... hang. By mid-game I was lapped by the leading player, with everyone else 75 or so points ahead. But I took my advantages when I could - snapping up adaptations once everyone else had their fill and clinging onto the edges of the growing glacier. Then in the last round or two, I just exploded over the map: I dominated my rocky, desertified side of the world, and lived everywhere else, for **huge** end game points. Didn't win, but once all was sorted out, I was only seven points behind the leader.
As you can see, I'm not OP, but here's where my love for DS comes from - of all the games I've owned and played in the past decade, DS is, and probably always will be, my #1 favorite game forever and ever. 1. It's engaging from start to finish. Even if there is a long stretch when you are not actively playing, you're still watching how everyone else is playing and looking for some advantage to take. 2. It's crazy competitive, but doesn't reward trying to eliminate another player - it rewards "playing nice" with others, but still being better. 3. Each player/animal has a unique attribute, but those unique attributes don't shoehorn you into a particular playstyle. 4. It's a great blend of longer-term strategy and short-term flexible tactics; you'll definitely be working towards a goal, but will be making tons of adjustments and shifts in play. 5. Perfect information. What you see at the start of each round is the same as what everyone else sees at the start of the round, and no surprises will happen during that round. 6. Easy to learn/teach. The game is simply a planning round where you place your action pawns onto some of the 12 possible actions, then executing those actions without any odd exceptions or conditionals: when you choose Speciate, you put cubes down - no "put cubes down *except* here" or "*if you* ...". Your player card even has a brief but full description of every action. 7. Great length. Due to it's high engagement, even a four hour game flies by. It's long enough that by the end you really feel like you've played out something important, but it doesn't over stay its welcome - you're not pleading with everyone else to just do something to trigger end game. (A note on #7: yes, the game can drag to a halt if you've got people with serious AP issues. I've had one game that, had it continued at the pace set in the first half of play, would have gone on for more than 10 hours. But that's because one player spent the entire game reconsidering every action for five minutes.)
This isn't a question specific to board games. It's the same as if you were talking about a book, a record, cookware, car, golf clubs, clothes ... some people just don't take care of "stuff". And those people don't get to use my stuff. I have friend who I think is a great guy, he's a lot of fun, but I've seen his car. I've seen his house. I know that if I lend him anything, it'll get lost or destroyed. So he doesn't get my stuff.
If you have self-control issues, that's something you need to figure out. She is not responsible for your diet. If she's choosing restuarants that only have fried things covered in salt sauce with a side of syrup, recommend something different. Otherwise, learn to choose healthy options at the restaurant she chooses. Or cook at home and find something besides food as your date nights. &amp;#x200B;
What are you looking for here? You started a relationship that was rocky from the start and, what, you thought that all the issues would just vanish? That you'd get used to the kids as if they were a bad odor? And then you'd have some brief moments where the kids weren't around and you weren't talking about the kids, you ... thought that you'd somehow be able to maintain some life where you could date her and it'd be as if the kids didn't exist? You have issues with denial. Time to get to work on them.
Bummer. That said, it's part of the deal when you're with someone in SIN - you have to pretty much accept that the two of you probably won't have many of the big night out nights together. So you make your own holidays. Valentines is for amateur lovers, you guys are pros. NYE is for boring parents who save up their money all year to afford a sitter for a single night of fun away from their brats, you can have a swanky dinner and come home drunk any night you want.
No matter what this will damage your friendship. But it'll damage your friendship less if he hears it from you. Becasue here are some possibilities how how the next few months will go: 1. You tell your friend that you and his girlfriend fucked around after the two of them broke up; the first time you were drunk, and you feel guilty about it and you're sorry you hadn't told him until now. He gets pissy, gives you the silent treatment, then comes around and realizes that at least you didn't try to keep getting with her after you saw that the two of them were repairing their relationship. 2. You don't tell him and over time he notices that you and this girl are acting weird in a way that you weren't acting weird before they'd broken up and he starts getting weird a paranoid and starts thinking that you are currently fucking his girlfriend, and when you eventually break down and tell him that you had fucked around while they were broken up, he'll take that as confirmation that you're still banging his girlfriend, he'll call you a liar and things will be worse. 3. You don't tell him, and next time he and his girlfriend fight (which will happen sooner rather than later - couples who break up, fuck their now-ex's best friend that same night, and then get back together are the kind of couples who fight *all the time*), she'll tell him he sucks in bed, unlike his best friend the stud. 4. You don't tell him, he remains oblivious, she keeps her lips shut, but this guilt and the secret keeps you up at night. You'll be fine for a while, but every now and again you'll wonder if he knows. You'll constantly second guess whether you're sitting too close to his girlfriend, or if that look on his face means that he *knows.* It'll be harder and harder for you to be around him. So just tell him. It'll be hard to tell him, but it'll be harder to not tell him.
He's shown promise for seven years. What's going to change in the next seven years? Is it that he's never gotten better, or did he start out as an absolutely piece of human garbage and now he's just a not-great guy, slowly working towards being decent? I also don't think you're parents are doing right. You're a grown up and they're trying to treat you like a kid: rope you in with some nice benefit that they can use to exert control. Not cool. However, they're considering it for some good reason - hoping that this would be the enticement that gets you to finally cut off a relationship that they se as being a source of pain an instability in your life.
First, let's cover what shouldn't need to be aid, but apparently does: she's always been really nice to you for the thirty to sixty seconds it takes to cover "One ticket to Avengers, please" "That's nine dollars" "OK" "Your change is eleven dollars, enjoy the movie" because that is her job. Now, if you were certain that she wasn't a teenager still in high school (ignore age of consent - sure, she may be "of age" at 16, but that doesn't take away that it would be inappropriate for a 20-year-old to date her), and there was some way for you to ask her out in a way that makes it clear that you're not putting her on the spot in front of co-workers or customers, I'd say why not. When I worked retail WAY back in the day, a girl once said "You're cute, want to go on a date some time? Here's my number" and that turned into a nearly 2-year relationship. But she did it when she wasn't in customer mode (had made her purchase, walked away) and when no one else was watching. But that "ooh, she might be a teenager" makes a complication. So you first need to establish some sort of rapport. Could be as simple as you go use the restroom in the middle of the movie. She's leaning over the consession stand and you say hi. If she encourages conversation (read those social cues!), you can have a short talk, and you can ask "So - do you go to school around here" and that could lead to "Yeah, I'm studying art at local university" or "Yeah, I'm a sophomore at Local High". If ou've had a couple of these mid-movie chats and she seems to legitimately enjoy the break, AND she's not a high school student, you can ask her out. **Important**: if you do, it is imperative that no matter what, it doesn't change your behavior at the movie theater. If she turns you down, or you don't get a second date, or it's a bad date, you DO NOT treat her poorly at her job. If you have an amazing date and turn tinto boyfriend/girlfriend, you DO NOT come aroune behind the counter and give her a hug at work or expect free popcorn or call her "baby" after you buy a ticket.
&gt;because I know i can get her to stop with the issues If it's been three years and they're not figured out, give up. She doesn't care enough to take care of her anger issues to work them out and you will try for the rest of your life to fix them. Someone without this issue is out there.
At least you've identified a problem. Now work on it and get it resolved *before* you get married. For a starter, talk to your fiance, outside of these moments, about what sort of things you don't appreciate. It's possible that this isn't 100% on you - communication requires two to tango, so to speak. And let her know that for the time being, you're going to take five in situations where you'd normally shout: you'll go silent for a moment before responding. And you take five. You count to five, reminding yourself that volume does not mean you win, that she is not your older sibling, that you can work it out. After five, respond in a fiul sentence. Next up ... work with a professional. Possibly solo, or possibly together.
&gt; his cousin still brings it up sometimes This is the kind of family Thanksgiving I want to be at. Boyfriend: "Hey Grandmother, could you please pass the potatoes?" Granny: "Sure pumpkin, here you go. Would you like the gravy too?" Cousin: "Ha ha! He's got plenty of his own gravy! MAN GRAVY if you get my drift! That's right, we had a threesome! Booyah!" I don't think anyone is going to call this anything other than at least a little wierd. But I also don't see where you're being gaslit?
Kids are like puppies in some ways. When you get a hug it's 100% pure, unadulterated "YOU'RE GREAT".
Sticky is great if that's what you're aiming for. But if you're not aiming for sticky rice, it's no different than overcooked meat, or pasta boiled to mush.
It was one of the most fun reads I've ever had. But I love conspiracies and paranoia, which this book is full of.
I have quick saves turned off, so ... none. My only undo is Revert Flight. So if I launch and before anything big happens I realize: • Forgot solar panels • Forgot parachutes • Didn't strut and now my boosters are going nuts • Screwed up my staging and accidentally detached my lander from everything else and I'm only 10km up from KSP • Had Kerbals or lacked Kerbals in a ship I didn't or did want Kerbals in (e.g. had intended an unmanned rescue and Jeb snuck in the pod) • I smashed a wrong button That way I still have an "out" for things that I realize early, but doesn't give me an out for just plain bad play later on.
Hover your cursor over the communications box in the upper left corner. Gonna guess that you have a lander with no Pilot, and you've lost connection due to no electricity or no signal. Might be as simple as getting back in sunlight if you have solar panels, or waiting until a relay comes around to get your signal back.
Record stores cover about 98% of what I've bought over the past 20 years. Amazon or other online sites about 1.5%. Discogs might be around 0.25%. That leaves another little sliver for what folks call crate digging. I fucking hate crate digging. I get no enjoyment flipping through record after record hoping that somewhere in this pile there might be something that I might have some interest in listening too, only to more likely than not pull it out and see that it's "Good" condition, at best.
Until done? How thin are you stretching the dough. How thick are you piling toppings. How hot can you get your oven. Got a stone or is this a baking sheet situation? My way? Thin crust. Stone. Oven cranked as hot as it'll get (\~550F), rack at the top. About 10 minutes. (And god, why buy pizza sauce? Take a can of whole romas. Toss in a blender with a clove or two of crushed garlic, some salt, maybe some sugar, a splash of red wine vinegar. Want herbs? Add that. Blend).
That is always a killer for me. I have a number of relays/probes floating around that I've renamed "Another Dumb Satellite" that are there because I've put it in the wrong orbital direction.
It's fun, in a weird way. Especially when you're coming down and the second you touch the surface you know "Ooop, not flat enough" and need to quickly throttle up and find a flatter spot. Then the next spot isn't flat enough. Keep doing this until you've run out of fuel and crash and burn.
&gt;ham or turkey roll ups with a pickle spear and cream cheese, These are good enough that I continue to do them as a grown up. Hungry? Don't feel like cooking? Grab a slice of deli meat. Add cream cheese. Wrap around pickle. Eat while walking to the couch. Finish before sitting down and go make another.
Once you have a reasonable satellite relay system up and running, those blind spots should go away. In anyu early career, you'll get all sorts of blind spots in LKO or around the moons. But a couple of satellites with Relay antennae (not Direct) sent up on contracts (so they pay for themselves) and you can reliably send up ships without a pilot. That's my preferred way - that way I can send a lander with a Scientist who can reset all the experimental modules on the lander without having to also carry a Pilot - get that science!!
A record. If you have to spend it on camping gear ... a guy can never have enough headlamps.
For bike polo that would be good. But I'd curse such a ratio on my commute.
Scrolled down to find this. CoB's rule book is the prime example of overexplaining. It turns a pretty simple game. &gt;So, roll these dice. OK, now buy something that matches that number, place something that matches that number, sell something that matches that number, or obtain two workers. Great, now here's a further description of the tiles you'll see in the game! That's what I'd like. Instead, what we get is ... • A page and a half of setup. • Set up mixed into the game play • Future info worked into initial game play description • Overly detailed discussion of each possible action • Detailed description of all buildings in the middle of the rulebook, but for some reason, detailed sdscription of knowledge tiles as an appendix • Weird notes on scoring appearing in the middle of the rules
After this weekend, I don't trust MechJeb's rover autopilot. Built myself a nice, stable rover with all the science bits. Landed on Minmus with my favorite scientist. Gave it a little test drive manually - great, can go 15 m/s or so and turn without tipping, great. Figured I'd set up autopilot to get it to a new biome while I went to make a sandwich. Fiddled with the settings, set some waypoints for a safe trip .. &amp;#x200B; hit go. Sucker immediately started whipping donuts until it flipped over. At least I was able to salvage one solar panel, one of the headlights, all wheels and most fo the science bits.
Drive it only on higher gravity workds? Do only shallow turns. *Wide* wheel base. Load that sucker with weight.
Is this birthday party you (who wants to pop open a bottle of champagne for the celebratory effect) and a bunch of non-drinkers/addicts/acoholics in recovery? Or is it you, some peole who do responsibly drink, and then the alocholics? If it's the latter you're being just fine: you and those who want champagne can have some, and the non-drinkers have something else. Unless those in recovery are just days sober, they should be able to be around others who are drinking without affecting their sobriety (if they're that shakey with their recovery, time to really work on the recovery). But if it's the former, leave the bottle for when you have some friends over.
Sentinels of the Multiverse. It has all the decision making of an old time roll and move a la Chutes and Ladders, but with the illusion of making tactical decisions.
One carreer, I'd specifically avoided Mun and Minmus untihad the Science Jr, Goo, Thermometer and Barometer. Stuck a scientist in a little lander, which then bounced all over both Mun and Minmus with the "For Science" app running. Few thousand, though I can't recall the exact number.
I go mod light. Just came back into the game a couple months ago after some time away. For the first month or two, no mods. Then I decided to pick up **For Science** as a QOL mod so that I wasn't having to constantly check to see if I could get some more science out of this or that science module. Then I started sending out ships outside of the Kerbin SOI, and rather than warping through hundreds of days, I'd bounce between missions - to keep myself from accidentally forgetting to hop over to that ship that has been drifting to Duna, I grabbed up **Kerbal Alarm Clock**. Then finally this weekend I got tired of doing the exact same thing for all the "let's visit Mun/Minmus" tourist trips that I was doing for those sweet, sweet funds, and put in **MechJeb.** Once I have my tour bus in LKO, I set up manuevers to encounter Minmums, Circularize, and Land (all things I could do in my sleep) and execute all. Come back with a beer and then take off, set up same encounters for Mun, and drink my beer while MechJeb does it's thing. Those three will last me a long time. (I did try to get a Transfer Window mod working, but it was screwed up, so it's gone now). If I ever bother to fix my sound card, I'll get Chatterer. I've just never been a mod-happy person in any game; only picking up the bare minimum to keep me happy.
I'm all for it. I'm friends (or at least friendly) with most of my exes. But only after enough time has passed so that neither of you are still thinking about each other first and foremost as "my ex", or in any way using "being friends" to continue/extend the dating relationship. That includes having a post-mortem talk when you're out having coffee with your friend who is your ex - that would be a clear sign that y'all aren't ready for "just friends". While I'm friends with most of my exes, with each and every one of them, there was a chunk of time where we weren't around each other, weren't talking. With some it was a few months, and on the other extreme, one ex I didn't see or talk to for nearly 10 years before we caught up. Right now you only know your feelings and what you'd want. Is your hesitation simply out of thinking that it's not normal, or do you feel like you wouldn't be able to see her as just a friend?
Try to get a campground host or ranger on the phone. Tell them you were planning to arrive ... whenever ... and ask what it's usually like on weekdays or weekends that time of year. Best to show up by 10am? Usually spots available until later in the afternoon? Is it better to arrive on a Tuesday or a Thursday? Are you basically out of luck if you were planning to show up on a Saturday?
Darn fine advice. I'll add, avoid casting judgements on who was right or wrong, or whether particular actions taken were good or evil.
I miss the knowledge of no consequences for what I was told carried heavy consequences.
If high school sex is your pinnacle, you must have some terrible sex.
I was OK with this until I realized that you were using *watery milk* to mash your potatoes. Better results, easier: simmer your potatoes in salted water. Heat milk/cream with any herbs you want to infuse. Mash.
I've been playing for about five years. I've never even used all the various game-expanding mods, nor have I bought either of the two expansions. Coming up on 1000 hours, and I'm still highly entertained by the basic stock game that I bought for $10. It'll probably keep me entralled for another 1,000 hours before I pick up some DLC.
What OP means is that business cusual means vinyl bondage wear. Gimp suit Friday is huge there.
To quote Sex and the City ... *He's just not that into you*. I thought I'd come to say "well let him go on a vacation ...and take one yourself." Because a vacation is a vacation - there are times where I vacation on my own and my partner vacations on her own. But your question isn't about a vacation. It's about that he's pretty much done with having you as a girlfriend but is scared of not having you to come back to. And you for some reason think that he'll eventually love you as much as you love him, so you don't follow through and just end it.
Do you want it? Then yes. I've gone 5 years running stock and only a bare minimum of mods. I don't need more parts. Maybe in 5 years I'll grab Breaking Ground. Maybe you're like me, maybe you're not.
I wouldn't place blame on REI. REI has done a very good job of making people thing "Hey, I too can get outdoors" ... they *also* sell the pricey stuff, but that's not all they do.
I should eventually get around to this. I hadn't been a Nightvale listener at the get-go - a neighbor ha dturned me onto the show sometime around their 50th episode, and I cranked through all those episdoes in like a week. When the first book was released, I was leary. Couldn't see how a book set in Nightvale could actually hold up. I mean, being good for a thirty minute podcast is a whold different thing than being good for 300 printed pages. Happily surprised.
Which is funny, because until I had the misfortune of hearing a GVF song on the radio, I thought that Greta Van Fleet was a middle aged woman.
I've never. But I did have a close, platonic friend propose to me.
I think Rocket Problems is a great alternative name for this game. Is **SAS** on? I'm not familiar with the console versions, so don't know what button you'd mash to turn it on, but on your Navball, in the top right corner, you should see "SAS", is it lit up or dark? Light it up. Is this all rockets? Or is it just as your designs get a little more wonky? Does it happen almost right from launch, or at a certain point (e.g. after dropping a lower stage, or after a rocket booster has spent its fuel)? I know personally, my #1 problem with out of control rockets was that for the first 100 hours of playing I didn't know how to stage and so I'd have my parachute open at the same time as my thrusters. I thouight it was part of the challenge.
Absolutely. If there was a Nobel Prize for Rulebooks, this would be the winner, and then they'd retire the prize because no other rulebook would come close to this level of greatness, and giving the prize to any other book would tarnish the reputation of the prize. Clearly written, no more information than needed, no contradictions, great use of visual aids ... just amazing.
I'm not allowed to open a beer until my tent is set up. Because one beer turns to two, and so on . Then it's dark out, I'm drunk, and I have no place to sleep.
And just THINKING about it is enough to get my tears flowing. Thanks.
Nothing wrong with moving, even if a parent isn't 100% on with the idea. But I don't think that your idea of moving across the country to move in with your boyfriend of a year when you're already in a not-great mental situation. It's setting yourself up for a situation where your boyfriend is now your sole salvation and only connection to the world. If your situation with your mother is something you need to leave, leave that. But don't leave it in such a big way. Move into a small studio apartment, or a room for let. Get roommates. But don't uproot to the other side of the country.
American "cheap Chinese". You know, the overly salty trash from Panda Express and a million other places that'll give you some rice and orange chicken and an egg roll for $5. It's not good in any way. Yet when I'm hungry at work and stressed, I'll eat fifty pounds of it. And then I'll immediately feel like crap for the rest of the day.
Do half sharp cheddar and half monterrey jack. The former will give it that classic mac and cheese taste, the latter will give it that creaminess you want.
Time to *nicely* start declining. I'd start to hate my parents if I were seeing them weekly. I live about a thirty minute drive from them. I could bike up to see them on a nice weekend. But I actually see them maybe three times a year (sometimes less). But I make those few times "meaningful" times. One year it might be Christmas, the next it could be their anniversary , the next, Easter. So I'd start doing "Hey mom, sorry, can't make it to obligatory Sunday dinner." If she gets the hint, great. If she doesn't, then have that talk with her: "I DO love you mom, but I'm not a kid any more and I have my own life".
Depends on how much you really want to know. You can enjoy yourself and send some rockets out and land on other planets with no more understanding than what direction you're pointing and that gravity exists. Or you can do all sorts of math to determine exactly how much fuel you need for a specific design, launch and destination. Or anything in between. As the game is designed, you'll gain understanding as you play. Start up a career mode. It'll tell you to launch a rocket. You'll do that. Then it'll tell you to get to 7,000 meters up. You'll do that. OK, now leave the atmosphere. After some spectacular failures, you'll do that. Then get in orbit. You'll eventually do that. And so on. Pretty soon you'll be building space stations all over the place.
One of the most joyous concerts I'd ever been at was when of Montreal was touring for *The Gay Parade*. Puppets, costumes, masks, skits in between songs, all in a room with fewer than 100 people. If you'd told me back then that over the next couple decades the band would release what, like five hundred records, including dancy electro pop and garage rock and play theaters with 2,000+ capacity, I would've called you a wacko and then bet you $50 that they'd get nowhere near that. Figured at best they'd do rooms around 500-750, release a few more twee gems and then fade off. Fun fact: I got dickslapped by Kevin when he dropped his pants at a show and was pogoing.
The best Ziareeka experience I ever had was a weekend that I was housesitting at my parents'. Had one disc on in the living room, another in the living room stereo. The other two were in car stereos, one in the front driveway and another in the backyard. Cranked them all up and then everyone just wandered around zonked out by sound.
Oh, I'm commenting on the whole situation, no shame on you. That OP needs to crowd source how to get rid of games they don't want any more is ... sad ... yeah, that's the word. It's sad. That enough people have the same problem such that someone took time to build a web tool is ... really sad.
Pissed off Stalin. Sent to the gulag.
None are must have. But that's coming from someone who has always been very mod-light. I'm back after a couple years off. Back then I had maybe a dozen mods. I came back about four months ago, and I'm a career player, for the first month or two I didn't have any mods. After a couple months I got a little tired of constantly run an experiment to see if I can squirt out a few more science points, so I grabbed **For Science** to automate all that. Then I'd started sending out vessels outside of Kerbin's SOI, so rather than either warping through hundreds of days or missing a ship's encounter with another planet, grabbed **Kerbal Alarm Clock.** A month or so later grabbed **MechJeb** so that I could put together my rocket, hit Autopilot to get to orbit while I take care of some stuff around the house, then set up a couple maneuvers to get me started on going where I'm going, hit "execute" and go do other stuff around the house, then come back, make some tweaking maneuvers and hit "execute" ... basically, more automation of the stuff I could do in my sleep. If I ever fix my sound card, I'll grab **Chatterer**. Might at some point in the future grab some of the Realism type mods to force me to play beyond treating the Kerbals like robots. That's about it. I don't have any plans ever to fuck with the stock techs and sciences, don't need mods with different parts or size changers.
I'm sure things have changed a lot since I was there around '12. So I'm not going to try to give you a hit of breweries. But hit the bar at Bridge. Great restaurant with a very nice beer and wine situation.
They were not a couple at that time. Did you miss that? I swear, most of /r/relationships is people who haven't gotten used to being social and instead think of partners as something that they should control 100%. So OP and his wife broke up, were tumbling to divorce and she sought solace. Then they for some reason got back together (I can only assume for the same sort of reason that caused them to get married at 20) and still haven't yet come to terms with the rift in their relationship.
&gt;If someone pinched my three year old hard enough to leave a mark Hard enough to leave a mark is *nothing.* OP didn't say "a lasting mark" or "a swelling bruise".
Yeah. "Now tell Mister Friend you're sorry." "Mister Friend, do you have something to say to Daughter?" There, done.
&gt; I’m staying in it because it’s better than being alone. It's not. Short term, yes. Short term after breaking up with someone, no matter how truly awful they are, it sucks. Even if you're going to die in three months, continuing to be in a relationship with someone who isn't good for you isn't worth it. You might feel "meh" about this right now. But it'll get worse and worse until you're both actively mean to each other ... but by then you won't break up because you've been together so long. And then it'll get worse, but you won't break up because by then you'll be 40 and the last time you dated someone new was when you were 20 and it's scary to start dating again at 40. And it'll get worse but you won't break up because now you've spent well over half your life together and ... &amp;#x200B; It's not going to be super fun and easy, but drop out of this. Be single.
Equally? Sure, no. But it does apply. They both did wrong. If you can't accept that, please don't have children.
To reiterate: No one did good here. Buddy did wrong. Kid did wrong. Dad did wrong. The point now isn't to try shuffling around the balance sheet of right and wrong to a perfect situation where all the bad is on one person and everyone else is neutral or good. It's to have a rational reading to figure out where to go from here. This is important because if you're going to be an absolutist, then the line forward is: Buddy is bad. We no longer talk with Buddy. Kiddo is an angel. She doesn't learn boundaries. *OR*, we can accept wrong on multiple sides and move forward. Digging into absolutes does nothing other than make OP feel like a good guy, when he shouldn't, at all.
If you really see a real future with her, y'all have got to knock off this sort of tit-for-tat game playing. If you feel jealous or hurt, don't go trying to make her feel jealous or hurt.
Fitting for the milestone. But then again, if someone is celebrating a 6-month anniversary, they're probably in high school, so they can't even buy a Raspberry Vodka Lemonade.
Sneaky Petes is good for the kiddos.
That's about right. I really have no reason to not join other than "shit, working out isn't fun". I've lived two blocks away for seven years. It's open when I pass it going to work. It's open when I'm passing it coming home from work.
&gt; knowing it's ~~secretly~~ super easy to make Well, it is called "simple syrup". Wanna have some real fun? Toss in some unground spices. Some star anise, or cinnamon, or whatever you think would work with whatever fruit or fruit combo you've got going.
A couple summers ago I did RMNP in the middle of August, camping at the Longs Peak campground (first come, first serve). To make it easier to get a campground, I spent the night in a hotel in Longmont, then drove up after breakfast. Campground was still full in the morning - drove around the loop, noted who was packing up and then grabbed their spot when they left later in the morning. Site was gorgous, overlooking mountains and trees. Water and vault toilets, and a guy comes by selling firewood in the evenings. Would recommend to anyone wanting a nice place to car camp.
On the plus side, it makes that first shower after returning to civilization **sooooooo** good.
And the only god that Kerbals bow to is the Kraken.
Well, what have you done, what is challenging, what haven't you done? Like, if you're bored but all you've done so far is make a janky rocket that can bring you to Minmus and Mun and back, then go to other planets. If you haven't built a space station, build a space station. If you haven't built a plane, build a plane. If you've built a plane but it's barely been able to fly, build a better plane and circumnavigate Kerbin. Make a spaceplane. See how cheaply you can make it to Mun and back. See how many contracts you can satisfy with one build. In short, either do something you haven't done before, or do something that has caused you difficulty until it's a piece of cake.
That's not apology level behavior. Funerals are *rough,* especially when it's sudden, unexpected.
&gt;I signed up for my account at 17 I am *so* glad that I was done with high school and college before WoW existed. Knowing now how much I let myself get sucked in, I'm certain I would've ended up failing out of school.
No. You're not a couple any more. Do what you need to do to get back in touch with yourself and other people.
&gt;to stop trying to completely understand everything and just go along for the ride So right. I'd grabbed GR to read because I was going on a long-ish solo camping trip. First night or two I tried reading and following a story that I understood. Was about to put it down. Then I just got really high and read it in two days and it was a great ride.
Mine always gets filled up by terrible small time rap acts that happen to use the same name as acts that I really enjoy. This week it was the song "Notas" by Deezy &amp; **T. Rex**. But not that T. Rex. Then "All About the Dollars" by **Frank Black** and Ike Ellis, but not that Frank Black. And finally "44" by Mochief and **Sleep** ... but not that Sleep. It's like mix tape hustlers have decided that the best way to reach middle aged white dudes is to adopt the name of bands that middle aged white dudes like, and then rely on Spotify to do the rest.
This weekend I made the mistake of packing 12 tourists on my Mun/Minmus tour bus. Had to get a drink when coming in for the Mun landing and trusted MechJeb. Came back to my tour bus laying on it's side. So now I'm sending something with a Klaw to grab it and get it off the ground, because it's too chunky to right itself.
Still being in love with your ex isn't compatible with remaining friends. I'm all for being friends with exes, so long as you want to be friends, and so long as neither of you are harboring ideas of rekindling the relationship. Until you're able to honestly tell yourself that you don't love her, that you don't want to get back together, and are able to accept a purely platonic friendship, leave well enough alone.
You're not cooking for me, and I'm not cooking for you. So our preferences matter about as much about as which side of the bed we each want to sleep on. This sort of jibber jabber makes me want to go back in time and stop the internet from happening.
Thinking skills? Sure, if we're talking about thinking of what I want to do in KSP this weekend. Calculation skills? Naw. I could brush off the math I haven't used in 20 years, but the game handles the maths just fine without me busting out a paper and pencil. Perception? Not really. But I already like to think about really taking advantage of 3D space. Intelligence? No. Career Opportunities? That'd be great if it were true. But it'd be a delusion for me to justify KSP with "it's going to help me with my job". Not sure what I could get done in game with an hour.
Go big. Spell her name in huge fuel tanks all in an orbit around Kerbin.
To me? Not important at all. Sure, there was one bitter cold winter day a couple years ago where I briefly thought about trying the automata for Scythe ... but then figured it was more enjoyable to read a book. Whatever you do, don't slap together a single player variant just to have a single player variant. If it sucks, it'll hurt your game far more than just not having a solo variant could hurt your game. Even though I do not do solo variants, if I were checking out game reviews and the reviewer said "Chunky Dice Monsters does include a solo variant, however, it's implementation is clunky, difficult to learn, and feels more like playing a completely different game with the components than actually playing Chunk Dice Monsters," I would pass on buying Chunky Dice Monsters.
Freezer lasagna. Though that never actually comes together. I keep adding layers until I'm out of filling. Any lefter noodles just get dipped in bechemel and I eat that while the lasagna bakes.
I cut off waaaay more than that while drunk cooking a few years ago. But insisted on just wrapping it in toilet paper and gauze. The next morning I tried taking off that dressing to put on something that hadn't absorbed a pint of blood. NOPE. Had to go to urgent care to have the doctor *very* carefully remove the DIY banadage. The next month involved some delicate wound care. My left pointer finger is now noticeably shorter than my right.
Next time I measure out a cup, I'll measure out 3/4 C + 3 Tbsp + 3 Tsp. That way this bit of knowledge will actually be useful.
I feel ya. I live in a condo, so I really can't buy up a bag of potatoes or onions the way that my mom could buy bags of potatoes and onions and leave them in the cellar. Oh well. That's why I live only a couple blocks from my market!
Have all his talks about his goals been short, one-off, no concrete timelines sort of chats? If not, then lean on him about following up. If yes, then time for a real chat about setting some goals and timelines. So he wants to be a cop. What does he need to do? How long will these steps take? And so on. None of this needs to be presented as an ultimatum. It doesn't need to be "Seriously dude, if you don't start following up on your dreams, I'm out," but more "Hey man, I know that you're not fully happy with your place in life now, how can I help you figure out how to get better?" &gt; He tells me he's trying and that he needs to lose weight first. But nothing changes. Sounds like the crummy situation of making excuses for why he can't - that he thinks that things need to be "just right" before he can really follow up. He's got to understand that he'll never be in a perfect spot to try to go onto his next phase in life.
Different take: Better screenplays, actors and directors make better films.
But it's more fun that way! As well as being more cost effective.
So, you're in an exclusive relationship. You do everything that would tell an INS agent observing you for immigration status that you're in a committed relationship, yet you still just call it FWB? You be you. You can say you don't think FWBs should meet parents, and I'll say FWBs shouldn't be spending weekends together, making meals together, talking daily, and exclusive. Dude is so far phobic of commitment that there's no word for it. You're wanting a relationship. He's happy to have a relationship, so long as it's not a relationship. Doesn't sound like a happy ending. **Onto the question at hand ...** This isn't a "meet the parents" situation. He's up at the family cabin. You're coming by to see him, while he happens to be at the family cabin. His parents will "probably" be around at the cabin. That means you'll have a drink on the dock and they'll see you in your pajamas. That's not him introducing his new girlfriend, that's his friend coming to stay at the cabin.
Yeah. Because that's not going to cause *any* problems for the 30 years or so that dad is still alive.
&gt;cycle 2.5m to my work I believe the pros among us call that a mini-micro century.
I saw one of those a couple weeks ago. Came home and told my partner that in our retirement, I'll be the one on the lawn chair pedaling away, she can sit behind me.
And this, folks, is why I don't quick save. I'd rather accept a dead Kerbal than accidentally revert back in time a few years.
An egg. And then as much flour as needed. (For simplicity, I just use whole eggs.) I start with a little less than a cup of flour. Depending on the humidity, I might need to add more. Or I might have some flour that doesn't get incorporated.
I tend to do lots of mushroom/kale/butternut squash situations.
I didn't even know you could damage buildings until I was driving a rover around KSP picking up science. I was bumping into buildings since I knew some buildings themselves were a separate biome from the areas directly adjacent to the buildings. Nudged the fuel tanks next to the launch pad. BOOM. The more you know!
If I'd gotten into Magic just a little earlier, I could have perhaps ended up with some things like a Black Lotus. That would've been nifty. Then again, all the Revised that I'd ended up buying in high school were just given away by 20something me anyways ... I probably would've given away the black lotus at that point.
I used to play with some co-workers at lunch. The tough part about doing a work game group is that you're either left with only games short enough to play over lunch, games that can be easily started/stopped for play over multiple lunch sessions, or convince people that staying at the office or socializing with co-workers outside of work is "fun" somehow.
I saw an awful lot of love for the software - if he wasn't attached to the software, he wouldn't start out with how Michelle's issues are that she doesn't like change, and how *it's the best HR software out there, in fact, it's one of the top-3 systems ever*. And when Michelle sat down and decided that now was the right time to trash the system, he'd smile and nod. And he wouldn't equate Michelle trashing the software with *" Publicly disparaging my dept"*. He'd have the distance to recognize that no matter what someone thought about whatever piece of software the company has chosen, it's not a dig against the entire HR department to say "This software sucks donkey dong." So Michelle decides to choose the wrong setting to talk shop. Someone with enough distance to their software could just "hey, can we just celebrate our retiree? Let's not talk shop." Instead ... OP took it personally. Escalating. Firmly shutting down would be "Let's not talk about it now". Instead, he made an ultimatum, in the wrong setting.
In my 20s I'd go to 4-6 shows a week. Nowadays I look at the calendar of shows coming up at some venues and *might* recognize half a dozen names, tops, over the course of a month. And even then it's most likely that what I recognize are bands that I remember seeing in my 20s ... 20 years ago.
Yes. Apparently my issue was touching down too softly and/or not being close enough to perpendicular. Mostly I was looking to make sure that it didn't have any weird requirements like not adhering to capsule sides or whatnot.
Every once in a while, I get a kick watching American Bandstand. Especially cruising around episodes when bands I wouldn't have expected to be on AB on AB. Like, Seeing Public Image Limited or Beastie Boys on American Bandstand. I just get a kick watching someone my grandfather's age chatting up the music of the '80s.
That's critical. Been a minute since I last did CM
&gt;a few days ago &gt; &gt;tried about 50+ times to do my first orbital dock I wasn't even getting a ship, much less more than one ship, into orbit after just a few days from installing.
I used to use X Science a couple years back. I've since swapped to For Science. Doesn't notify, but it does automatically run the experiment, take the data, store the data, and reset the experiment, any time there's even a teeny bit of research to be gained. (This is all assuming a scientist on board - if not, it will only do those experiments that do not require a scientist for resets). That way, even if the window to run that experiment is a blink of an eye, you can snag the research.
Caps Lock = throttle up Shift = throttle down Z = max thrust X = zero thrust When I didn't "get" throttle, I was just staring at a rocket on the launch pad ... and then hitting random keys until suddenly I look at the screen and the rocket is shooting upwards and I have no clue what I'd just pressed. SAS is Stabilty Assist System. Turned on either with "T" or clicking on the SAS light. At it's most basic, it'll attempt to hold your ship in its current course. With either a more experienced pilot or a more advanced probe core, it can be set to point/hold pro/retrograde, normal/anti-normal, radial/anti-radial.
Let's see if I can be brief ... Have you ever gone down a university's Frat Row on the first gloriously warm and sunny day in April? Boomboxes blaring out shitty hits while dude bros and sorority girls drink shitty beer and hoot and holler. Now take that Frat Row and put it on on a mobile platform moving 5 mph down a nice city boulevard. The drunk assholes on this platform now hoot and holler at every pedestrian, cyclist and person relaxing on a cafe patio they see. I don't care if people want to be drunk assholes. I like being a drunk asshole. But I have the sense and civility to be a drunk asshole in my own home.
There's a reason why my desktop background at work for the past two years has been a pic of a fire at RMNP. I live for the campfire.
There's a chart out there with degrade rates; if I recall correctly, fish degrades faster.
Well, I've played about 500 hours since the game's release, and haven't even touched the Story mode. So that says something.
Wait around for the MCAD student art sale.
It can be simple (OK, not as simple as Pac-Man, but but simple enough that I could sit a grade schooler down and they could figure out what to do). Or it can be very complicated.
&gt;staying as long as you want \[as long as you are\] spending money That's the key right there /u/SureInternet. Just don't be two people monopolizing a table that can comfortably sit eight while you play some Warhammer 40k for three hours while nursing a single pint. Use space like normal human beings. Read the room. If people are crammed in shoulder to shoulder, might be best to find a different brewery. Even if most seats are taken, you're fine playing games, but try keeping it to games where each person's spacial needs are what would be considered 'normal' (i.e. that 8-top shouldn't just be hosting you and two friends). Drink a normal amount of beer. And recognize that if the crowd changes, you may need to wrap up your game. While it may have been quiet and spacious when you arrived at 4 p.m. and it's not a problem that you're sprawled all over, if hordes of people arrive at 6 and you're still staking claim to loads more space than you deserve, you'll get side eye from other guests and the staff.
Going into a Mikkeller location is a sure way to empty my bank account. Went to the Mikkeller in Copenhagen years ago. Pretty sure my tab exceeded what I'd spent on my hotel.
Kids today never got iron on transfers with their breakfast cereal. They're missing out.
I hit a patch of ice biking to class one day and Al Franken saw me hit the ground. Does that count?
I had a job years ago where the boss subscribed to Serius or one of those satellite music things. When he was in the office, he *insisted* it be on the "Coffeehouse" station. You know, lots of Jewel, Dave Matthews Band's "Crash", really anything that would be the soundtrack to a late-'90s 'girl loses her virginity to the boy she's had a crush on forever' TV scenes. Once I figured out how to block a station on the receiver so that you couldn't even find it, my days got so much better.
Sorry. I'm going to ignore most of what you wrote because you seem to be avoiding a great big error on your part which was that you were hiding financial help to your mother from you and your husband's joint account ... and it doesn't seem that it's registering to you that paying your mother's rent, a flight to visit you and some nights in a hotel *might* be something that your husband could possibly think he should know about. It's a credit to him that he didn't flip when he found out that you'd spent nearly $18,000 on her rent behind his back. But still he was civil when she showed up for dinner with the two of you. Considering that all he knows about your mother up to now is that there was something bad enough between the two of you that you left home at 16, it's pretty cool that he didn't just say "no, she's not coming to our home on New Years." He overreacted, probably. In some alternate universe she calmed down and the three of you had a good meal. Sure, he should have a bit of humanity in him to allow you to at the very least make sure you're mother is sent on her way knowing that she's not persona non grata. But ... but I don't see any humility or recognition of wrong on your part. Perhaps just a little bit of "sorry hubby, I shouldn't have spent our money on my mother who for all you know is the worst person in the word without you knowing and then upended our NYE plans by inviting her to our home ... "and then you can look for some apology from him for how he reacted to your mother's behavior.
Particularly when the recipe you're trying to stay 'authentic' to was just thrown together in my parent's lifetime.
Finally got my second moose in the same playthrough. Time to add a nice new cloak to my look. First one went about the way yours did: walked away unscathed. Second one was an impulse with just a bow and arrow ... got trampled *twice*. I was packed up to move out of Mystery Lake over to Coastal Highway. That put a serious pause, because no way was I going to make a move like that with two broken ribs!
Now I need to know ... what kind of cheese goes best with dulce? Because I think I can get behind some firm, salty cheese.
Obviously Creedence needs to reform and give us an Fortunate Son Part II
Sorry, didn't know I was giving new players a how to, I thought I was just describing my game. If it matters, in any way, let me know. Until then, I'm fine with my parents referring to turning left on 10th Street when it's actually 10th Avenue.
You're worried about a six year age gap when you're both within spitting range of 40? Really? At it's face, it seems a lot more about the "grandma" comment than the age.
I got not hate on someone who can recognize the Misfits skull but couldn't name a single song or album. Just find it interesting that over the course of a year I might get half dozen comments that include some knowledge beyond "that is the Misfits logo" and many dozens of "Misfits!"
I'm 100% certain that years ago when I found/made my first snare I thought the same: place on the ground. Now try chasing a rabbit into it.
This is what it looks like when a Bison attacks a bicyclist.
Your dog is now a sprinkler.
I wouldn't think of cooking with this. That's going to be medium-light and smacking of fruitiness. Re-gift, or have some friends over to nosh on cheese and drink wine. Bring over next time someone has you over for dinner. But it's not a wine that works well for cooking.
&gt;Find ticket prices for every name your want to see on the set, and add them up and compare the sum with one ticket to Coachella. That’s the only way to know if it’s worth it. *Keep in mind each band will only be able to play their hit single and a couple other “deep” cuts.* With the emphasized portion on there, your formula really only works if you take the face value of a solo show ticket and make a huge discount due to: 1. Abbreviated set list 2. A radio friendly set list 3. Disinterested crowd
Probably. I had more time. Outside of a pitiful amount of homework, I had the entire day free. No job. All friends were within a quarter mile radius, so no transit time to get to friends. Any car trips had my own personal chauffeur, so I could read while getting driven around. Fewer available distractions. We got five television channels: NBC, CBS, ABC, PBS and a local channel that eventually became a UPN affiliate. That got increased to six when I was ten, when FOX came around. No internet. Atari 2600 only holds interest for so long. I just read more quality now as an older human.
Got drunk and decided to climb a ladder.
You can look at Lincoln in the Bardo either as experimental form, or just a story that happens to use an unconventional method of telling the story. I haven't been so moved by a book in a long LONG time. Yes, for the first 20 pages or so it felt like work to read - shifting between 'historical' sources and dialog in the form of a play. But eventually it became second nature. Kind of like how the first time in high school English class they expect you to read Shakespere and reading a play is weird, but once you get used to the format, it begins reading like any other story.
I could sure use less snow in the winter and fewer 90 degree days with 90 percent humidity in the summer, but the city doesn't really have any control over that. I like that the city keeps building up bike infrastructure. I don't like that recently that infrastructure has often been in the form of off-street or separated lanes. I don't like that in some areas that infrastructure is piecemeal: a bike lane that goes for a mile or two and then disappears. I like that even the suburbs play along with adding bike infrastructure.
A proper cocktail is three ingredients. So, a cocktail it is.
Though I'm not sure I'm happy with the police officers in my city just being "willing". *Well, I thought about working at Denny's the rest of my life, but then someone asked if I'd like to be a cop. "Like" is such a strong word. I don't like being a cop. But I'm willing to punch the clock and put in my time until I get that pension.*
Good luck to your friend. The more programs he can get involved with, the better off he'll be in the long run.
Thank goodness. Though it would be so cute to quarter a rabbit and end up with four little bags each with 0.25kg of meat ...
Only about 10% of what I read are purchased books. But when I do purchase, one of the bookstores in my neighborhood will do the trick. Nice to be walking distance to two book shops, and a short bike ride from about a dozen more!
It's all cultural norms. What is socially and culturally normal is going to color what those around you would deem to be either *controlling* or normal expectations. I went for an extreme example, but the point is the same: for some people, alcohol use is plain and simple not acceptable, in the same way that pretty much all of society sees heroin as plain and simply not acceptable. The end result is the same: if boyfriend just plain thinks that any booze is a horrible and destructive thing, he shouldn't be dating someone who thinks otherwise. No different from the time I broke up with a woman who thought that social use of meth was a-OK; she wasn't some crazy addict who could be on a Faces of Meth billboard, she just thought that smoking meth every few weekends was a normal and acceptable way of hanging out with friends. Was it "controlling" of me to tell her I couldn't continue to date her if she was going to keep smoking meth? In my social world, no, because in my social world smoking meth is out-there behavior. But to her meth smoking friends, I was a controlling asshole for trying to get her to quit. So I finally just realized that her drug use was a fundamental incompatibility - not a question of what is controlling or not - and ended it. This boyfriend has to come to the same conclusion: either he's fine with her drinking socially or he's not, in which case they part ways.
Just enjoy being surprised. I got surprised the other day after about 150 days, nearly all in Mystery Lake. Was passing by the Train Loading area when I saw something up on the hill ... wow, it's a Cache! Of course by this time nearly everything was degraded to 0%, but at least now I know a spot halfway between Carter Dam and Camp Office that I can crawl into in case of a storm.
There's a food stall that comes by my farmer's market a few times a season. They do a lamb slider that is the bomb. Had a nice, spicy chutney going on, combined with coolness of some mint schmear and it ... oh wow, I want spring to come back soon just so I can have one again.
It does. Not all that often. In my current stalker play, a Moose showed up at around day 15 (making a guess, it's been a while) right outside Trapper's Homestead. Then around day 100 I noticed a Moose over by the Train Loading area. But that doesn't mean that the Moose disappeared for 80+ days; for all I know he was hanging out at the Train loading area on day 20, but I hadn't passed by there. Would be cool if mister Moose came back to Trapper's Homestead now. I like eating moose.
&gt; The snap caption was “damn, I was really optimistic back then” Don't read too much into that. Sure, sort of weird that after a year of not being in touch he dropped you a line with what really feels like a "wow, we sure were quite a couple back then, eh?" Not much different than reaching out with an old photo of the two of you at your happiest. The only response needed is "John, I like you - me and Kyle haven't spoken in months." Just don't linger on that he hadn't updated his 401k beneficiary. I'm sure that I have some emergency contact or beneficiary info out there that is still my ex-wife, who I divorced 12 years ago!
It would be pretty weird for him to straight up not ever talk to someone that he has a twenty year history. That's nearly his entire adult life. You can express your discomfort. And he should address your discomfort with more than "don't worry". He should *show* you that you don't need to worry. I've been in my relationship with my partner for ten years. Among our friends is a woman I'd dated for a couple years way back when I was in college. Also there's a woman I'd had a brief FWB thing with a year or so before we got together. And I talk a few times a year with my ex-wife, as well as an old college girlfriend. But I don't just tell my partner "don't worry". I show her she doesn't need to worry by treating these exes as friends and nothing more.
Naw. I barely tolerate it when my partner opts to cook dinner. Nine times out of ten, it's how I unwind. I'd rather cook when I want, and when I want a chef, I'll go to a restaurant.
Take advantage of downtime, and know what your speed is. Could be as simple as knowing that in the time it takes your pan to heat up, you can chop an onion. And then while it's softening/browning, that's time to chop the next thing. And while that next thing is in the pan you can wash your cutting board and knife. Whatever.
&gt;Modest Mouse - Good News For People Who Love Bad News I hadn't listened to this since it was new until just the other day. When it had first come out I was put off by this ... this optimistic and shiny version of Modest Mouse. Where was all the vim and vigor and sense of "fuck, the world sucks, may as well get drunk and watch it burn" that I'd fallen so deeply for? But the other day I was looking for something to listen to on the way to work. Thought of some MM. But I've run *Lonesome Crowded Northwest* and *Moon &amp; Antarctica* to death over the past couple decades. So put on *Good News*. Yeah, pretty solid stuff.
By just being friends. And you're exactly right - these exes are 'our' friends; after a decade together, neither of us really have these friends who are just one of ours, at least of those friends who are in the same city. How exactly it's show and not tell, well, I can't say it any better than that I just act like friends around them. I don't fawn over an ex girlfriend at a bar or spend time talking to her about the good old days or share sexy inside jokes. Our dating past is just that, in the past.
When I came back to playing in the middle of last year, I didn't know that Fluffy was no longer part of the game. So that first time I entered Carter I had my rifle out and was ready to pull the trigger. Carefully started moving around, opening drawers and all that, ready to turn and fire if I heard any sound. That tension carried through the entire time I was in the dam. That was a rough day.
Kubrick was one of those directors who had his own damned vision and wasn't going to let the author of a novel that his film is based on dictate how he creates his film. It was the same thing with *The Shining*, and *A Clockwork Orange* \- the novel serves as the inspiration and template, what ends up on screen is all Kubrick.
Went on a little scavenging adventure from Mystery Lake, where I've been based out of Trapper's for a little more than 100 days, over to Coastal Highway. Plan was to get a new supply of sewing kits (I was down to just one), snag any books (preferably those on shooting), and take a run through the mines to load up on more coal so I could forge up some arrowheads. First mistake was leaving a little late in the day. I'd forgotten how long it takes to cross the Ravine, in my mind it was a quick run and then done. Left the trailers outside Carter Dam just before sunset; it had been blizzarding all morning and afternoon, and I was getting itchy to get out there. Pleasant weather through the Ravine. Made it to the passage into Coastal Highway in the twilight, only to be welcomed on the other side by two growling wolves. Back to Ravine. Temps were fine, so I dropped my sleeping pad and took a short nap, figuring the wolves would wander off. Shit. Even a two hour nap was enough that when the temps plummeted I woke up to a hypothermia risk. Wind was blowing straight towards CH, so I couldn't find a reasonable place to start a fire. Back to CH. Still cold, but at least the wind was now blocked, so I started a fire with what little wood I'd carried with me, and then stared at wolves. Every time they ran from me, I'd dash out of the tunnel and grab whatever sticks were lying around, then back to feed the fire. Was able to keep the fire going until sunrise. *Looks like I made it through another night*. Next few days went about as planned. Found a bunch of matches. Found a bunch of ruined dog food and soda. Found some books. (Unfortunately one was cooking - I've already got level 5 cooking.) Blizzard hit while I was walking along the highway, so I ducked into the Cinder Hills mine for a nap. Woke up in the middle of the night to an Aurora ... so I rolled the dice and went down the elevator. With my heart pounded, I raced through the lower reaches of the mine in the nude, grabbing whatever I could find. Blessed be me, I made it out of the mine with some rifle ammo, a copy of Guns Guns Guns! and some gunpowder. Dumped all the coal and whatnot in the middle of the road. Went up to the other mine entrance and got a big load of coal. Dumped that in the road. Went out towards the coastal townsite and snagged a bunch of sewing kits and more matches. Took a walk up the hill. On the way out of the trailer up that way, got startled by the grunt of a bear about a stone's throw away, coming my way. Ducked back into the trailer. After passing some time, I opened the door again. Whew, bear had passed and was walking away. That's where my ego got in the way. *Why not kill that bear?* Pulled out my revolver. Walked to the bear. Fired two shots. Made it back inside. Counted to 30 and walked back out. Fired two more. Didn't make it back inside. But I'm fine, really, I'm fine. Bandaged up. *Come on, just kill the bear* that little voice said. Reloaded. Fired. Got mauled ... again. Gave up and limped back inside and checked out my damage. Rabbit hat destroyed. Rabbit gloves destroyed. Bear coat torn down to 40%. Deer pants and boots both near 20%. Bad news. After sleeping off the bear's one-two punch, I swapped out as much of my ruined or heavily damaged clothing for some items that I'd found around the townsite. Thought briefly about tracking down that bear, but eventually decided to give him the win. Made my way down the highway, grabbed up all the coal I'd left there and began walking back to Mystery Lake. Of course it couldn't be easy. By the time I was at the entrance to the Ravine, I was out of liquid. The whole way back through the Ravine was walking into a headwind in very low temps, far lower than my half-assed gear could handle. Hypothermia set in by the time I passed the derailed train. But I did survive. Made it to the trailers outside of Carter before things got too bad, and I sucked down some moose and water that I'd left behind. After fixing up my gear back at Trapper's, it was time for part two. I had a bunch of coal, had a bunch of scrap metal. Time to bring all that over to Muskeg forge! The first half of the walk wasn't bad at all. Got harassed by some wolves, but nothing that I couldn't escape with a quick fire and brandishing a revolver. It got bad as I rounded the edge of the marsh near the first cave. Crashed through the ice, *twice*. Then a blizzard came up. Every time I found a nook that was sheltered from the wind to start a fire, it would burn for an hour before the wind would shift and I'd have to find another nook. Finally made it into a cave. Rest and relax and dry out those clothes! Morning came along. Finished the walk to the forge, giving a whole host of wolves a wide berth. Found a happy surprise at the forge: apparently last time I was there I'd left a few kilos of wolf! Had a nice little lunch and stoked up the furnace. Still there. I'll keep the furnace going for a day or two, hammering out arrowheads by day, sleeping at night. I have everything for about 30 arrowheads. Once I have that it's a simple walk back to Trapper's, and then I'll kill everything I see.
... yes, as I said ... thanks?
But I'm not. OK, I'm making it awkward for you because you've decided to be awkward. ***People make small talk***. That's a fact of life. You've decided to make their small talk an awkward interaction by thinking "oh man, I better have a book talk at the ready for what I'm reading and if they're not actively interested then I'm failing as a human" when all you're expected to do as a member of society is engage in small talk: "Oh, *Infinite Jest*" "Really? What's it about?" Fill in from there, using social cues to help you determine how interested this person is: are they just passing two minutes and don't care, or are they on the hunt for their next big read? It's not that big of a deal. It's small talk. Don't like it? Just nod, hold up the cover and go back to reading.
If I were in your shoes? *Thanks for the good times, but I'm not interested in uprooting myself to move to Hawaii with you.* Making a big move is hard. I love the shit out of my partner, but even after all these years, I wouldn't move somewhere without there being something else there for me besides her. I'd need a job, or a social network or some hobby I can work on there. But there's also things like a short term move. You all move to Hawaii. She does her family business, you do some work teaching locals to surf, and after a few years, you move back. What it boils down to is you two having a serious conversation about what your short and long term plans are, and if they align (and where they don't align, can you both compromise to make them align).
I separate fiction and non-fiction, because when I'm picking a book to read, I usually know whether I feel like reading fiction or non-fiction. And the point of any organization scheme is to assist the user in finding what they're looking for. So for me, I need a scheme that separates fiction and non-fiction so that when I'm looking for non-fiction, I know just where to look. Your needs may vary. Maybe you want to be able to easily find all books that have monkeys in them, fiction or non-fiction to be grouped together, or to be able to find all your books by year of publication. You do you.
Sounds like a perfect opportunity to get yourself proficient at archery! But no, you'll find yourself a rifle or two or three soon enough.
Pretty sure it'd be impossible to find a location that is no more than 15 minutes by bike to *all* those neighborhoods. You could get about 15 minutes from all but Northeast by landing yourself around Powderhorn, but that's going to leave you outside that 15 minute radius from NE. Or you could end up within 15 minutes of NE and Loring/Lowry/Uptown, but then you're further out from Seward/Longfellow/Powderhorn.
One of the reasons I swapped from CDs to Vinyl in the first place 20ish years ago was that LPs were cheaper. An album on CD would be $12-$15, while the LP of the same would clock in $9-12.
OK ... so it sounds like you're just at the very very very beginnings of a relationship? And I'm making an assumption here that this is a first relationship? Not the sort of situation I would be all in for a long distance relationship. Be friends. Date other people. If you end up living nearby and want to date, date then.
Step one: get on a bike. Step two: ride that bike. (Note: the above steps assume you know how to ride a bike and that the bike is in a functional state. If either of these two statements are not true, do not just get on the bike and ride it.) That rise might suck or it might not even be noticed - you haven't specified if it's mostly flat with one hill or a steady climb or what.
&gt; the beauty in exploration Yup, that's where I land. Few years ago I'd gotten pretty bored. I'd pretty well memorized the available zones at the time (ML, CH, DP). Started playing again this past summer, and it was great that I'd mostly forgotten those maps. Even Mystery Lake was a mystery to me again!
Some people would've heard your joke and just laughed it off. "Ha ha, you're right. I'm almost a doctor." Your brother didn't. Not going to say you and your mom and in the wrong. But you're definitely mean spirited. I wouldn't want a family like that.
I'm not looking for anything more complicated than what has been put in place for cabin fever and intestinal parasites. Or even clothing: temp bonus, windchill bonus, waterproofing. How much more tedious would it be to think "OK, for where I'm going, should I wear the slightly less warm boots that give me great ankle support, or these super warm boots that aren't so great for ankle support?" We already make those same kinds of decisions with other clothes: "Do I really need to wear this super heavy Bear Coat and Moose Cloak? Or can I get by with a Wolf Coat?"
Nice blame avoidance! "\[He\] came back into my life". No, no. You *asked* him to come back into your life. And then you decided that rather than being friends with him, you'd like to explore your "connection". Pick a boyfriend. Either the married guy twice your age, or the boyfriend that you claim is a good boyfriend to you.
Well ... Best you can do is make that impassioned plea of "Dad, I love you and I don't want to lose you before you've lived a long life. Is there anything I can do to help you live a healthier life?" Beyond that, he knows that he's in terrible health and that what he's doing is making his health worse. His doctors have likely told him flat out "dude, you're going to die soon if you keep drinking a case of beer a day and chain smoking while not getting any physical activity and eating junk food."
&gt; I threw a pie at her dad That tells me "I'm not mature enough to know how to act appropriately and will probably start shit at work if I end up working with my ex."
You stop seeing each other. Pass on the invite to tea. Don't invite her to meet up again. Or maybe she's just been hella fucking busy in the past six months and that's why she's not been able to meet up recently and she's extending the invite to tea as a way of getting back in the swing of things. She's your (possibly former) friend. Make the choice. And you know, even if you choose to let her fade out, you might end up reconnecting in the future.
Yes, this is definitely relevant to /r/camping ...
&gt;Keep it to one or two beers, keep your wits about you. If more than two beers makes you lose your wits, probably you shouldn't ever drink anywhere other than home.
And this is why I've been camped out at Trapper's for hundreds of days. Chance of Cabin Fever? Walk down to the shed across the field. Nice spot for fire, little nook for sleeping in, and wolves *rarely* come over that way. Unless a blizzard is going on, I just sleep out there.
I'm an album person because that's how I've been listening to music since I was old enough to buy CDs rather than listen to the radio. But I do listen to three playlist-style formats: 1. Spotify's "Discover Weekly" and "New Release" playlists are part of my beginning and end of week routine at work. Every so often I hear some artist I haven't heard before that I end up digging, or finding out that I band that I liked years ago has a new single/album out. 2. Radio. Sometimes I listen to the college radio station or the community radio station. And just like Spotify's lists, I sometimes get reminded of an old favorite, or find something new to like. 3. Mix CDs from friends. A few friends and I have been mixtape aficionados for decades and still occasionally will mail off mixes to each other. Anything from Best of the year mixes to themed mixes, or just collections of songs. It's always fun to find them in a drawer years later. Neither albums nor playlists are overall better. An album is a better way to listen to one artist's work. A playlist is a better way to listen to multiple artist's work.
Like, how many people did I meet/date from online dating sites before I met my partner? I think half a dozen or so. She met/dated more than a dozen. I actually really, really enjoyed the dating thing. I like meeting and getting to know people, so going on a date a week was a kick: I'd get to spend a couple hours getting to know someone ... and then do it all over again next week!
That's the fun. And how I learned that I am able to kill a moose with a bow and arrow. Yes, he almost killed me too, but I won in the end!
Not sure how you'd need time to make biscuits; if you're taking the time to host ten people for your cats's birthday, you probably have the 15 minutes it takes to cut butter into some flour/salt/soda, add buttermilk and pat and fold into biscuits. How making biscuits could talk a day or two to make baffles me.
How many calories can I get from a boiled bear cub?
&gt;You'll need a fishing license if your gonna go fishing. Depends. I'm a Minnesota resident, so I can fish all I want within (most) state park boundaries without a license. But the second I'm outside of a state park, I definitely need a license.
I'll toss in Zabriskie Point. Even all these decades later, the film is known more for it's music and cinamatography than for the acting or story. The album is poppin..
Haha. I blame the fact that I have basically done two all-nighters in a row IRL. My adensosine levels are through the roof. TGIF.
Now I want to carry around a pocketful of wolf cubs to use as decoys. *You chase me all you want, but I will now distract you by making you eat your young!!!*
The rules are number +1 ... However the rulebook states that if it's "Clue: Zero" or "Clue: Infinity", the team can choose cards until they quit. The way /u/manmoonz's wife used "zero" is exactly as it's intended: to get the team to avoid card(s) that relate to the clue word, but to choose other cards. It's not going to be used all the time, but it has it's uses. Most often for when the opposing team is down to just one or two clues and your team is behind. If you don't have an awesome clue that ties together all your cards, you rely on your team remembering past clues and give a "zero" clue that directs them away from the assassin card or the opposing team's card(s).
Thank you for calling Dell Technical Support! My name is Peter, how can I help you today? *My laptop stopped working* OK, thank you. Are you able to turn it on? *No* Is it plugged in? *Yes* Have you recently used it as a coaster and while adjusting the throttle of your Kerbal Space Program vessel spilled a can of beer on your laptop? *Yes* OK sir, your issue is that you poured beer on a piece of electronics, which has caused the laptop to malfunction *Yeah, so ... can you fix it?*
I would consider it a miracle if he's been able to avoid that craggy old man.
Ah, a complete whiteout while on the ice in Coastal Highway - that's a nightmare I'm glad I haven't come across in a long, long time. You think you're going the right way, but then you turn, then turn again, then again. Panic hits, you're freezing, WHICH WAY IS A SHELTER.
Or use them to make paths. That's what I decided to do with cattail heads after I got firestarting up to level 3 and didn't need tinder any more. Grab all those little hot dog looking things and dropped one every 10 yards or so on routes that I take often. That way if bad weather comes in, I can find a cattail route and follow that home! The other option is to make pretty pictures on the ground.
It's good, ***if*** what you really, really, really love is food, hospitality, food, food food. Because that's what you'll do. You'll work nights and weekends, so your social circle will be people who work at restaurants and bars, so all you'll talk about is food and hospitality and getting drunk and high. You'll get hemorrhoids from sanding up in a hot kitchen for 10 hours a day. You'll learn to hate people who have special requests. You'll have to tamp down grumpy feelings between yourself and the front of the house, while at the same time probably balancing some sexual relations with servers, because as I noted before, your entire social circle will be people who work at restaurants and bars. You'll make the same dish over and over and over until it becomes meaningless to you. But at the same time, my years as a cook in my 20s are some of my favorite memories. Wake up in the late morning, drink some coffee and chain smoke until I felt like a human. Go to work. Work like mad until close. Go to a bar. Drink. Chain smoke some more. Go drink somewhere else after the bars close. Sleep with the curtains shut to prevent the sunrise from getting in the way of my beauty sleep. Repeat. I had a lot of fun, but I was also 20something. Tried it again when I was in my mid-30s and didn't last a month before I had to quit.
True. But if you're learning this from a board game and not from business, you are going to have a rough time in business. If I ever found out that anyone that I'm doing business with has 'learned' anything other than how to read rules from boardgames, I'm no longer going to be doing business with them.
I mean ... if you're so close to wolves that the 5-15 minutes it takes to break down a branch is enough for them to target and attack you, you're hanging out far too close to wolves and are making some poor choices.
Put it in the dishwasher. Or actually don't run the sponge against the grating holes.
I can give a shot at answering this as soon as I figure out what Radiohead even means to *me*. Because I'd say I'm a Radiohead fan. "Creep" came out when I was a teenager, and it rocked. *The Bends* blew me away. *OK Computer* was a game changer. Had tickets to see that tour, but missed it when the show was rescheduled for the previous night and I didn't hear about it. Spent many, many stoned and tripping hours in college watching the VHS tapes of *Meeting People is Easy* and *7 Television Commercials.* After a brief period of rejection, I came to love *Kid A* and *Amnesiac*. But in the decades since ... I bought *Hail to the Thief* and it never clicked. I didn't have a copy of *In Rainbows* until I was visiting a friend a couple years ago and he gave me a spare copy he had sitting around, and I can count on one hand the number of times I've played it since. I've never heard *The King of Limbs*. I bought *Moon Shaped Pool*, but it too has been rarely played. So am I a fan of Radiohead? Or am I just a fan of *OK Computer*?
I imagine he's less hurt by what you said than that he had to hear this secondhand/by accident. Unless you left out the part where you and him have spent the past year talking about what how you both feel about your current residence, he's had no reason to think that you were so unhappy with your situation that you'd phrase it in such a way. And that you'd then choose to make that declaration to someone other than him? Blindsided. However, he needs to understand that he what he heard, he heard out of context, and that you saying "if I weren't married, I would move" is ***not*** the same thing as you saying "I'm going to get divorced so I can move." So ... just talk to him. Remind him that you love him, you're not entertaining leaving him, but that yes, you are quite unhappy with your current living situation. Remember: people use "If I were/weren't" phrases with no intention of making them real. And in the meantime, start figuring out what does make you both happy, and set some goals to make that happen. Real goals, with real steps. None of these vague discussions of possibly maybe moving to a different suburb at some undefined moment in the future. Having mutual goals to work on is super helpful.
&gt; We technically have one firm goal of me finding a new job by mid-2021, and the plan is to find a better suburb to live in and buy a house Great. Now make more goals in between! Even if it's tiny goals like "Invite a neighbor over for dinner" or "Become a regular at Joe's Bar". Being able to check off completed goals feels *good* and when your only goal is a pretty big goal that is a year and a half off ... that's not much gratification.
There's a reason I'm happily living in a cave in Broken Railroad for the time being. I've got enough bear meat and water to last another month, and when that runs low I'll take a quick hunting trip to get some deer or maybe a moose. In the meantime, I'll rack up blizzard days
"Thank you, but I really don't wear jewelry"
I can't imagine a scenario where you see two ripe bananas and literally cannot eat them on time (seriously: one for a mid afternoon snack today, one for breakfast tomorrow). But just make a small loaf of banana bread, or muffins.
&gt;It's not THAT complicated. Exactly. I read " very long and delicate process" and had to snort. Make your fillings. Make your dough. Smear, stuff, pinch, repeat.
&gt; I feel like I have no right to just dump him. You know what your right to dump him is? You want to dump him. This isn't 100 years ago and you're divorcing and need some grounds for divorce. You don't need to prove that he's cheating on you or beating you to leave. All you need is for you to think "Yeah, I'm done with him."
&gt;I have talked about breaking up with him before You don't talk about breaking up with someone. You can certainly talk with someone about making your relationship better, addressing behaviors or attitudes that need to change to make for a healthier relationship. But you don't have to give someone a verbal warning followed by two written warnings before you break up. They don't get to mount a defense about why you *can't* break up with them.
Oh boy. What she's doing is putting you on reserve, for at least a month. In other words: "I'm not going to be your girlfriend. But you can't move on yet, *just in case* I decide in the future that I want to be your girlfriend again." What you get out of the deal is ... heartache as you sit around pining for this woman who is stringing you along.
Ask him what he wants from you. It might just be that he wanted you to know this for no reason other than he wants you to know it. Him telling you this doesn't necessarily mean he needs you to do something to help or support him beyond "I'm sorry that happened to you, I love you." And you know, he might benefit from seeing a therapist, at least for a time. SAA is one thing, but it certainly is not therapy - and he may get something out of therapy.
That's the main reason why I won't be buying campaign or legacy games until I'm retired and living in a retirement community, at which point I'll have a built in group of other retired people who also have nothing to do every Tuesday night until we die. However, I'm happy to be a member of a campaign game. I find them very satisfying. But I'm just not out to spend the money on a game that comes with the responsibility of coordinating the schedules of 3+ others for multiple play sessions.
It's easier for an old person like me. I and everyone I play campaign games with have regular schedules, your basic 9-5 jobs. So when we're going to play some campaign game, it's getting everyone to agree "yeah, let's do Thursday at 6" and then we can stick to that day and get eight play sessions in within three months.
Did you mess up? No. But you also didn't exactly make your interest in her as anything other than a study buddy known. All she knows from your interaction is that you'd be up to be a study partner. If you want to ask her out on a date, ask her out on a date.
There's a weird critique that it's too chaotic and fiddly and goes on too long. I take it for what it is: a chaotic game!
Yet somehow I can "warm up" after being outside even by stripping off all my clothes and hanging out in my underwear!
OK, so I'm not going to use ammo crafting either. But what would come out of that development time? &gt; The bear spear. Why? I kill bears with arrows. &gt; A fox. To do what? Steal meat I've left outside? To look cute bounding through the snow? &gt; A cougar. OK, it'll scare the bejeezus out of me. But when you have people flipping their shit because wolves no longer are terrified of fire, do you *really* think people want a predator that actively hunts you? &gt; More crafting options for the pelts we have, e.g: wolfskin legs, deerskin coat, bearskin hat and boots (maybe that one is a bit of a stretch) Oh wow. Things to craft that will just supercede other things we've already crafted!!! &gt; A cartography skill. Meaning what? To make actual cartography valuable in any real sense, the regions would have to be scaled up enormously from what they are now. You don't need skill in cartography if you can circle an enclosed region in less than a day. &gt; Or balance and change the AI of the Timberwolves and other animals. You mean more than bears walk in a circle, wolves patrol, deer stroll around until you shoot them? Can't wait for the whiners yelling about how wildlife don't act like robots. At this point, I don't give a hoot about making my own ammo. As you noted, it's penttiful enough that untill you're gunning for a 1,000+ day survival mode, it won't be used. But given the choice between something new that might be useful if/when a patch makes ammunition scarce, and ... more crafted gear that I won't make ... I'll take ammo.
&gt; Torches pulled from fires will now properly randomize their condition. I've been playing for five years. And only now am I getting that the reason some torches pulled from a fire have a very short burn time and others have a long burn time is intentionally random. I've been trying to find some kind of connection for ages - is it based on how long the fire has been burning? How long the fire has left to burn? Type of wood burning? My fire making skill? Indoors or outdoors? Windyness? Temp? Nope. Random. Wild.
Purchased. Thanks.
&gt; I feel personally attacked Try not to. They didn't vote brexit because they dislike you. They voted for ... well, god knows what reasons. They might be xenophobia asshats. Or they might simply prefer that Britain renegotiate trade unilaterally. As to why they'd initially say they voted remain and then reveal that they voted to leave? Who knows without talking to them. Maybe at first they wanted to play nice with you, like when I was a teenager and swore up and down to my mom that I was a virgin saving my virginity for marriage. And now that some time has passed since the referendum, they may as well let their actual vote be known.
Glad this is getting a second event; last year was great. Hopefully this year the weather is more accomodating to being out and about!
I'm with /u/mcknuttt: set it up yourself.
Alright, sign me up. I've been hoping for something to discourage the "I have 60 kg of meat in a pile" game play.
Patience, young hunter. From my experience, you most often see a moose when you're least prepared for it. My first moose on my current play I was prepared: I'd just stepped out of Trapper's with a bow to go deer hunting and there was a moose by the shed, so I turned around and grabbed my rifle out of the homestead. But second moose, I was on my way to Coastal Highway so I only had a bow and a few arrows. Third moose, I'd climbed the rope up to the Hunting Lodge and it was there.
I take my broken ribs as a sign that I've done a good job of hunting! Though if I can nail a moose with a single arrow without getting stomped, I'll take it!
I just go to the library. If that's not an option: make it part of the budget like everything else, and then stick to that budget. If your budget gives you $25 per month for books, you only get to buy $25 in books each month.
Why: Because in the late '90s I was spending too much on CDs. Because LPs were cheaper (a new CD would run $14-$15, new LP $9-$11), not every album got an LP release, and not every record store would carry every LP, I would save money. Who was I to know that 20 years later the story would shift and now new LPs often push beyond $30 even for a single record, just about every gets not one but MULTIPLE editions on vinyl, and I can impulse purchase any record I want with just a couple clicks of my mouse. How: Um, at home. I'd guess if I were to have made a note on what I was doing while playing a record it'd break down to roughly ... 20%, making or eating food 20% general socializing 20% puttering about the house, cleaning, etc. 20% reading 20% focusing on nothing but the music. Mostly this is either because I'm alone and stoned, I just bought a new album, or I just played something from an artist I hadn't listened to in a long while and decided to go down a rabbit hole of listening to all their albums and getting really into the liner notes - who produced, who engineered, who wrote each song - all that shit.
&gt;flat That's my turn off. I spend my day to day real life living on the plains - I come to TLD to not have uninterrupted vision to the horizon. Other than that, I like it. I like it's size. I like it's desolation. I like that there will be arrows in the haybale target.
Following also since I can't name a single campground owner running a private campground that isn't either a complete shithole of "how many people can we fit on this much land" or just something that old retired people do with their spare acreage. Like the idea of private campgrounds. But the profit mind seems to turn it into jamming a few hundred people a weekend into a hunk of land with one or two staffers there mostly to sell firewood and do check-ins while the "campers" are each throwing competing mini music festivals with their boomboxes.
I love those touch and go moments. Things like "will I survive long enough for this piece of meat to cook" makes for good fun.
The big thing that tilapia has going for it is sustainability. If you're making fish tacos a couple times a year, eh, whatever, have yourself some halibut. But if fish tacos are your regular, going for halibut on the regular isn't nice. I will 100% agree that halibut is the bomb.
The best part of it being sealed is that for all you know you have a record that was fucked up at the factory and has a huge scratched down both sides.
You're missing the 'butter' flavor that comes from butter. You start off just fine with heating oil (sunflower is fine) until hot. But that's so neutral. Take a paper towel and wipe out excess oil so that you just have a slickened pan. Now drop in a tablespoon of sweet cream butter. *Then* drop in your eggs. Keep heat on high so you get those nice fried egg crispy edge. What you do next depends on what you like. I'm a sunny side up guy, if there's not a yolk to break and ooze all over, what's the point of having a fried egg? So I put a lid on and leave it on heat for about a minute; that gives me that lacy crispiness. Then to finish cooking the top of the whites and partially cook the yolk, I just take it off heat and leave the lid on for another minute. What comes out is a perfect sunny side up egg.
&gt; Compound bow So ... basically something as powerful as the rifle ... but as sustainable as the current bow? Yowza. Pardon me while I plug bears without even bothering to think about them as anything like a threat. &gt; Climbing ledges Already around in a few places, who knows if they'll end up spreading or being more common on other maps or if they'll work it in that low shelves can be climbed.
If etymology was how we continued to define things, we'd still be calling our girlfriends "bully".
Am I having weird deja vu, or is this the exact same post I read a few months back? He was having fun. Now you get to decide: do you trust him or not?
Really all you *need* is something that makes things hot and something that cuts things. A mandoline is great and all, but not a *need* unless you lack a knife. Mixers are great, but you can mix things by hand.
Fish are great if you're settled in and not moving. Especially when you're hanging out at Jackrabbit and have a good handful of fishing lines and wood to keep the stove going. You can *easily* grab a few thousand calories of fish in a half day's fishing. But dear god are they awful food if you're not stationary. That wonderful 2000 calorie salmon is going to weigh as much as a day long fire's worth of wood. Swap out the weight of fish for moose steaks and I'm going to be holding a few days worth of good eating. So they're good for what you get. If my plan were to hang out on Jackrabbit for a while, I'd much rather head out fishing every other day than walk out hunting.
So, I don't have any hot take on this EP or anything. It was just one of those CDs that were around when I was a teenager trying to find something that I liked outside of the top 40. But wow, did this post ever get me to remember my teen years. In the past 24 hours I've listened to more AIC, Soundgarden, Pearl Jam and Nirvana than I have in the past 24 YEARS.
They're not bad at all. If you're living at the farm and walk out the door and you see a bear or hear a roar, just turn around and go back inside for a while. Bears give you plenty of warning, unlike *some* four legged beasties.
Odd? Years ago I was working at an alt weekly. Came back from lunch one day and on my desk was *Women Prefer Bad Boys and Jerks.* It was a "Complete Relationship Guide". And sure, there was some relationship advice. But for what we'd today call "incels": lots of stuff about how to get a girl you need to be an alpha male who doesn't take no for an answer. But that's not what made it odd. That would've made it just another shitty book. Nope: the author of this magic book was convinced that the owners of Shoep's Ice Cream shop had not just fired him wrongly, but was *conspiring with the Clintons, the CIA and the Supreme Court* to have him assassinated, and sprinkled throughout the book was his evidence of this massive conspiracy to have him killed because he knew dirt on the owners of the ice cream shop.
&gt; I largely don't give a dam about book burning as long as it's a person's own personal property or not some museum worthy book, doesn't create a movement to mass destroy books, etc, etc. So what you mean is you don't care if someone burns books in a way that is not in any way connected to the reasons that book burning is a hot topic (yeah, go go natural pun!)? Because the reason your friend is all riled up about book burning is that historically it is done to make a statement. In other words, you had a pointless argument because *of course* if you have a copy of Tom Saywer and want to use that for tinder because you went camping and don't have any tinder, go right ahead. Just don't first make a speech to anyone around that you're burning Tom Sawyer in protest of its views and think it's dangerous to society.
Or less. Depends on how thinly you slice your onions. If your preference is thick slabs of onion, you'll be wanting at least a half hour (maybe longer), but thinner slices you can be done in 15 minutes.
&gt; **3) Boil water when you** ***need*** **it and heat up cans** ***on-the-go*** **to manage cold and hunger.** OK, *now* I get why people have issues with having enough matches when they don't find a mag lens: they're starting one or more fires *every day*. No wonder you run out of matches. Yes, early in the game you're not going to be boiling up huge masses of water because you don't have the wood for it, and you might not have a cooking pot. So you'll be stuck getting just a couple liters of potable water out of a fire and having to do this often. But within a short time, you should be able to get a raging fire going and boil a ton of water ... and then not need to start fires often at all. (IIRC, on my current stalker run, day 190ish, I've started something like 50 fires - and this is including fires started and then get blown out quickly because wind changed and times where I'll start 4 fires using torches to quickly cook up a moose. This is why I'll never want for fire starters.)
&gt; we fight once a month I'm sorry. I've been with my wonderful partner for ten years. But if we started having monthly fights, especially monthly fights in which they threw things, punched walls, grabbed me, and shoving me, one of two things would happen ASAP: 1. We get couples counseling *and* they have individual therapy 2. I get my things together and move Now I get it, that number two would be INCREDIBLY HARD. Even number one would be hard, because it involves admitting that there is something wrong with my relationship that I cannot fix on my own. Find strength in your friends and family and make changes.
A platonic crush is fine. But that's not what's going on here. He's prioritizing this cute, interesting woman ahead of you, and placating you by saying "oh, you're just too young to understand that us adults sometimes have platonic crushes that don't mean anything." He's being patronizing and gross.
You can feel however you want to feel. And how you feel now might be different from how you feel six months or six years from now. I've not been in your situation. But if I heard someone who I'm not exactly related to who I never had much of a relationship with other than knowing who they were received a bad health prognosis, my thoughts and prayers would be to the person who I am close with who is affected by them. In other words, I'd give my sympathies to my 'step' dad for whatever he's going through as he processes the failing health and eventual death of his sister, and that would be it.
On the 7th Day, G-d thought about making commercial yeast ... but decided to rest.
Only if Matthew Fox does the whole thing as "Broken, pill popping, drunk, scruffy beard" Jack. He's much more interesting.
By choosing an actual bookstore. If you have a local shop, sweet, there you go. If not, pick one in a nearby city, or a city that your cousin or uncle or best friend from junior high lives in. Or a city you visited once (or that you wish to visit.) Bookshop is ... well, it's better than Amazon. I think of them as being sort of the United Way for indie bookshops. If you don't have a particular charity or even type of charity you want to support, you give United Way a check and they distribute out your money to various groups, with a chunk of your cash being UW's money for the admin and marketing and other overhead costs to run United Way. Similar for Bookshop. If you don't have a bookstore you want to support, you buy from Bookshop ... and they distribute some of your purchase to lots of bookstores, keeping some as overhead for operating Bookshop. As for shipping, just plan ahead. Don't buy one book at a time thinking "I need something to read starting Wednesday, so I need 2-day shipping." Buy a stack of books. Get them in a couple weeks. When you're down to 2 weeks of reading material, order another stack of books.
When I was a teenager, worked at a restaurant with a salad bar. Our shredded carrots were from going trough the food processor (actually, meat slicer with a shredding blade attached) and then set in a collander to drain out any excess water.
whoa there. If you read that as a lecture ... whoa. You just seemed for some reason to be really stuck on delivery time, which is an odd thing to be stuck on unless you just noticed that it's your sister's birthday and you need something to be delivered ASAP.
Debbie received a wedding invitation in the mail. She squinted at the return address. "Who the fudge is ITSGARBAGEYO?" and took another gulp from the tumbler of warm gin balancing on the arm of her La-Z-Boy. She patted at the pocket of her ratty Hang Loose hoodie, a souvenir from her and Jordan's honeymoon on Maui all those years ago, and found her smokes, shaking loose a cigarette and lighter from the pack. Lighting the cigarette with one hand, she tossed the invitation on the coffee table and grabbed the next letter from the pile of mail on the TV tray. The yellow envelope didn't look good. Nothing with the words "Foreclosure Notice" stamped over the front ever looks good. Debbie and Jordan owned She-Bop Record and Dildo Emporium for 35 years, starting when they were young dreamers, as in love with each other as they were with the music that surrounded them. Then Jordan got sold on Nu Metal. He cleared out most of their stock to make room for the best of millennial suburban white boy dumb anger ... and JNCO jeans. Their alienated customers never came back, and they never sold all those Limp Bizkit albums. Then Jordan fell in with the Warped Tour crowd and left Debbie for an Avril Levigne copy cat a third his age. She did her best to keep She-Bop, now renamed He-Pop (she used black paint to cover up a portion of the sign, too broke to buy a new sign), afloat, but only sold the occasional Korn record to weird libertarian "tough guys" who tried talking to her about how 9/11 was an inside job. Finally she packed up the stock of Nu Metal, and now boxes of bass heavy rap rock sat in the corner of her dining room like a golem. The shop had been empty for six years now. She tried selling. But no one would buy. They'd come to a showing, comment on how the location couldn't be beat. Once they stepped over the threshold, the overwhelming stank of Axe Bodyspray scared them off. She quit trying. She quit paying the mortgage. And now the bank was going to take her store. She stubbed the cigarette out on the foreclosure letter, gulped down the rest of the warm gin, and weaved her way back to her bed. The next few months both crawled and sped by for Debbie. She counted the days by handles of bottom shelf gin, though some times the liquor store ran out of gin. "Miss D, you bought the last four bottles on Sunday. We got plenty of vodka though." So she started counting the days in handles of vodka too. Her kitchen sink became the worlds largest ashtray. But Memorial Day came around and she was in good spirits. She put on a Dutch Import 7" pressing of Orgy's "Blue Monday" (limited edition of 100! She owned all 100 of them) and danced. Her dancing turned into a sort of grandmotherly one-woman mosh pit and she shoved her La-Z-Boy as if it were a fellow Phat Pants and Wallet Chain wearing rocker. The chair fell over with a thump, skipping the needle off the record. There on the ground was the unopened wedding invitation from the unfamiliar ITSGARBAGEYO. Debbie slid a finger under the flap, getting a paper cut for her troubles, but opening the envelope all the same. Glitter fell out of the envelope. She pulled a photo of a smiling couple out. "Oh." She dropped the envelope, spilling more glitter on the dusty floor. "Oh. It's you." Debbie bent down and retrieved the envelope. ITSGARBAGEYO was Jordan's son. She tried making a family tree in which she was related to the son of her husband (they'd never formally divorced) and his child bride. She looked at the invitation. The wedding was today. In two hours. Debbie pulled the black dress she'd worn to so many funerals in the last decade, spot checking it for cigarette burns, then slid it on. The liquid diet she'd been on had been kind to her frame. Then she looked frantically for a gift. Her house was a resting place for souvenirs from her life with Jordan. Shot glasses from every Hard Rock Cafe lined the knick knack shelves. Concert posters in cardboard tubes leaned in the corner by the TV. She had no time to be choosy. She went to the dining room and grabbed one box of records, then walked it out to her van. Then another. Then another. Once all the boxes, full of 2,500 records from the golden era of Nu Metal, were packed in the van, Debbie drove to the wedding. She had the best gift for her ... her son?
No one can make that choice for you. Would I? No. The only things that would have gotten me to move back in with my parents anytime after 18 would be: 1. Financial crisis. As in: I cannot survive without moving home 2. Their dire need for hlep. As in: they need a family member to live with them to assist with their daily lives (e.g. they've broken their necks and are immobile) That's about it. If your goal is to be a millionaire in the next two years and $300 per week is going to put you over that point, then you must be so close to being a millionaire that money isn't an obstacle. So why you would choose to live with parents is baffling to me.
You won't get the upvotes that the 50th King Crimson post of the day gets every day, but its' not like you won't have someone saying "Wow, I too like John Mayer."
Set the goal to be to read outside of your wheelhouse, or to read a more diverse selection of books. Especially for the latter goal, knowing what diversity is lacking in your reading habits is important. So do a little audit of your reading, and then look for omissions. You might be surprised. Or go for something like reading local - see if you can get a significant portion of your reading done with authors from your city or state.
Even better, with marinaded and baked tofu.
I feel ya. I'm a pretty introverted person who can go days entertaining myself in my own mind, not seeing people. But if I were stuck sheltering at home, alone, for months, I would lose my fucking mind. So you give yourself a "job" that you go to while he goes to work. And then you socially interact with him when both of you "get home from work." You weren't talking to him from 8-4 pre-Covid, right? What that "job" is is up to you. You might just do something for yourself. That's legit. Learn to play an instrument or a new language or how to whittle or knit or cross stitch. Get into model airplane building. Go geeky and start painting Warhammer minis. Or make your job to volunteer in your community. The latter has the benefits of getting you out of the house and interacting with other people.
&gt;I think if she wanted that stuff back she had plenty of time to do so. That's true, ***but*** she might not now it was left behind with the ex. I was missing a few records for years. No idea where they were. Had I left them behind in a move? Did I loan them out to a friend? Did some dingus at a house party steal them? Had I sold them in desperation and forgotten them? Nope ... my ex called: "I was going through stuff and came across some records that i think are yours, because I don't remember buying them."
You know yourself, and both of you know your relationship better than I do. People with mental illness can be in relationships. However, it only works if the person with illness is actively working on their issues and is not relying on their partner to "fix" them. &gt; frankly I can't give him 100% right now? I think that's good honesty. If you know that you can't give 100%, you're probably giving far less than you even think you are. (If you think you're giving him 75%, you're probably only giving 25%.) Take some time not in a relationship to take care of yourself. When you're on better footing, you can start dating again.
Are you averse to other cheese? I could see ricotta as an option.
Oddly my load time the first time I started the game after getting the season pass thing was insanely long. Every time since then, back to normal.
You mean you hate a terribly written, flat "bad person"? Yeah, you're alone. At least some of the other 'bad guys' are made to be interesting. Mr. Cooper, I'm looking at you. But Walt's Mom is written in a way that it seems the writers looked at the clock, said "Ok, we got 5 minutes to quitting time - let's bang out the character sketch for this Mom lady".
Are you camped out at Trapper's? That's a short trip, and you can follow the cliff wall so that you only have wolves to think about on your left side, not your right. Quarter the bear. Grab the hide and guts, deliver to Trappers. Go back. Grab quarters - do not over encumber. Deliver. Go back. Deliver. Then open up all those meat packages. If weather is fine, opening the quarter packages before doing delivery runs can be good, since packages weigh extra. And for fun ... with patience, you can catch old mister bear sleeping in the cave just off the pond. Then you can creep up right next to him and pop an arrow right in his sleeping face for an instant kill.
This could be just part of the very rapid changes that can happen in the late teens and early 20s. Or it could be mental illness. Share your concerns with her. And I assume since you've been 'like sisters' since middle school you are like a daughter to her parent(s)? If so, share your concern with her parent(s) and any siblings.
It's been a weird time. So don't let that you lost touch with your friends for a few months keep you from getting back in touch with your friends. "Hey, been a long time since we talk - weird times, right? Now that parks/patios/etc are starting to open up, want to get coffee/lunch/beer next week and catch up again?"
&gt; I am essentially ostracized from the group. Why would you say that? Sure, those friends live with your ex. But you say that your breakup was mutual. You don't mention anything about how you cheated on her, gave her herpes and started her car on fire. You can still see them without seeing your ex: "Hey, miss you - want to get coffee?" (adjust "coffee" to be whatever is responsible and allowed in your area). And then when you do see them, don't talk about your ex, and redirect any of their conversations about the ex. You don't be forcing them to choose sides unless you use every opportunity to see them as a chance to vent about your ex and how terrible she was to you and how the breakup was your fault.
Being indifferent to death is fine. I'm indifferent to death. I like being alive, but I know that I'll die, you'll die, my partner will die, my parents will die, my friends will die. And I can't stop that. Indifference is a far cry from tempting death or wanting to die. I've accepted my mortality. But I'm not abusing drink and drugs and acting with disregard to my life. &gt; get him to open up about being suicidal before in his life? By being receptive if he wants to talk about it. The worst you could do is "confront" him about how he had suicidal ideation in high school.
I'll venture a guess that they're defining mixture versus scramble as the amount of air getting in, as well as a difference in the amount of liquid added.
Yes. Last game I finished up I was wondering why I hadn't gotten a Domination victory. I mean, I'd taken the capitols of all the leaders I'd met. Then I noticed "Oh, Alex, you warmonger, you'd wiped out two whole civilizations before I even met you!" Probably as often as I completely destroy AI. It's rare that fully wiping out another Civ is worth the turns it would take to get rid of the civ's final city on some crummy patch of land without any resources to speak of.
I can't abide by hating on Hypnotize. Trash on "I'll Be Missing You" all you want. But for all it's faults, it bangs. (Though I'd take a remaster that gets rid of Puffy's weird little giggle and 'uh huhs'.) &gt;along with Illmatic, Enter the Wu-Tang, Cuban Linx *and the Pharcyde debut*. One of these things are not like the other. No disrepect to Pharcyde. Was a ton of fun. But to put it on the same level as *Ready to Die, Illmatic, Enter the Wu-Tang* seems wild.
I had a 4.0 GPA!! But I must be ranked higher than you because it's rare that I lose a unit. If you're losing them, you aren't being aware of the conditions.
Apparently people watch streams. Sounds to me like a good way of relaxing a baby into sleep, since TLD is about 2% action. But maybe you've got some wicked good banter to make a stream something other than "OK, now i'm going to head over to Forlorn Muskeg ... OK, walking through Forlorn Muskeg ... Still walking ... still walking ... still walking ..."
&gt; As for adoption, I tried to do foster care but that fell apart It'll also fall apart when they realize you're at least on the border of being a psychopath.
If she is in such a state that you have an actual concern that she is a danger to her self or others, you tell her friends or family "I talked to her today, and let her know I can't keep in contact with her any more and she said _____, so I'm worried she might hurt herself." You're overly involved and have yourself convinced that you're her savior. This isn't good for you and it isn't good for her.
You prosper by expanding! For the longest time I stuck myself into a build order of Scout - Slinger - Slinger (maybe even a third Slinger) - *then* Settler. And it was fine. Lately though, I've been Scout - and then Settler as soon as my capitol reaches a population of 2. Slingers can be build in between Settlers, but Settlers are the bomb. So it's a build order more like Scout - Settler - Slinger - Settler - Slinger - Settler. It will depend on the situation, of course. If my next door neighbor is Alexander, spamming settlers without building a defense is the equivalent of calling him up and saying "Hey bud, want to come take all the cities I'm founding?" Barbarians ... don't have your initial Warrior wander too far off. Until you have a slinger up, that warrior is your sole defense against Barbs. When you find a camp, have your warrior clear it. Find another camp, clear it. And watch for new camps being spawned. If a new camp spawns in an area you have revealed on the map, you do get a notification. Pay attention to that notification, and if it's in your neighborhood, go clear the camp. But settlers. Build settlers. Settle cities. The more territory you settle, the more stuff you're outputting, as well as the less land is available for a barb camp to spawn in: win-win.
Unless you're going to declare war on them shortly, yes.
Besides undoing your morning? Call her later today to see how she is doing. And next time your girlfriend (or anyone, really) is going through some grief, don't make the first contact of the day you complaining about how early it is.
So give it a shot. Just don't expect your girlfriend to be your constant teacher. She's going to want to really get out there and ride the waves sometimes, not just hang with you in the shallows all day.
And what would testing your MIL and everyone who visits her accomplish? Cool. As of today, June 4th, non tested positive. You drop your kids off there weekdays for the next year. Uncle Phil gets infected in September. He passes it along to MIL. In the meantime, you're still dropping your kids off with their granny.
You've spent more money. Unless we're talking *really* high octane. If you're putting jet fuel in your push mower, you're probably going to damage the cylinder due to overheating.
Save scum away. But no need to design into the game a save scum button.
The surprise is that his fantasy has been inside you all this time.
So ... you make an innocent joke, she made an innocent joke ... What's the worry here? Go about your life. She hasn't given this a second thought. Though as someone your friend's mom's age, I wouldn't say she's "cool" but rather "desperately trying to be cool." The moment I start having a drink and a smoke with college freshmen is the point where I know I've officially begun having the worst of my mid-life crisis.
Well, it seems pretty obvious that if Mike's goal is to not drink, having a stocked bar cart doesn't work with that goal. And hindsight is 20/20 and all, but you had a great opportunity to talk about this with Mike last night. When you come home to an alcoholic who has been going to AA who is now drunk off of your bourbon, a fair question would be - "Hey Mike, I don't want this to come off as judgy, but does your sponsor/girlfriend know you've been drinking?" And brushing off the money gives him the impression that not only are you fine with him drinking, you're happy to look the other way when he drinks your money away. Turn off the silence and assumptions. You'll see your roommate and Mike tonight and say you want to talk about what happened last night.
First ... I ordered **Catan, Agricola** and **Dominant Species** on the same day. Catan because I'd just played for the first time (it has gotten exactly 2 plays in the 10 years since). Agricola and Dominant Species because I'd heard they were good. Last ... **Consentacle** because I'd thought the idea was great when I saw an article about it on Kokatu, so when it was on Kickstarter I backed it (then forgot about it until it arrrived).
By recognizing that buying shit just to buy shit is a shitty way to be a person. But hey. You love consumerism. You love it so much that you have a cute nickname for buying shit just to buy shit. So it doesn't matter. You'll be dead before living on the planet is a fucking nightmare, right?
Depends on where you are. There are insect farms at a small industrial level (think about the size of a medium chicken egg operation) popping up in the western US. Primarily they're focused on insect flours, but some are also processing in whole insects.
(everything that follows assumes this is occuring in the future, at a time when covid exposure is no different than common cold exposure) How desperate are you? The /r/boardgames common wisdom is to make friends of gamers, rather than turning your friends into gamers. So, you know, find a meetup, a board game night at your game shop, that kind of thing. And play games with the people there. Eventually, you'll meet some of those gamers who you actually enjoy being around enough that you'd consider them friends. Meetups and open gaming nights are equivalent of a singles bar to find a date. Sure, you'll find a date much faster by going to skeezy singles bars that reek of sadness and desperation. You'll date *a lot* of people by going to that place. A lot more than if your dating pool is waiting for your friends to set you up. I'll go for the less gaming, but with friends, rather than people I tolerate because they happen to like boardgames, but whom I'd rather not see if I don't have a board and some cards in front of me.
In the USA, we call that "Vegas"
Embrace the good that comes from looking younger. When I was your age I got lots of "you're kidding, you're 18, right?" At the time it rubbed me wrong, but it means that now at 43 I look more like 30 than the old faces around me. As for "feeling" young and that you having accomplished much ... that's pretty normal too. I still remember one time when I was 23 or 24ish, and one of my close friends was a 30 year old single mother. Asked her once "when did you realize you were an adult?" And her answer, further evidenced by my future experience, was that you don't really feel "adult" until you've had an adult difficulty to overcome. So don't rush into that.
Don't make an open-face quesadilla and try calling it a pizza.
I don't listen to Ween for the feels. But Quebec came out as I was going through a divorce, and "I Don't Want It" punched me right in the nads with the feels. Fuckers with their feelings ... dammit.
&gt; Do you guys make notes while you're reading? No. I read to read; for entertainment and maybe some light 'knowledge building'. I'm not going to be tested on what I read. I'm not going to use what I read as a source to cite in a future work. &gt; How many hours do you read per day? In a normal weekday, 90 minutes or so. &gt; On an average how many pages can you read in an hour? I've never had an urge to time myself. Just as you're apparently surprised by how many books I read, I'm surprised by you reading three books in a year. Not out of a "wow, what a dummy" but more "I don't know what I'd do with myself if I didn't spend time reading". I get the same reaction when I find out that someone has never travelled outside their home state. I have the same reaction to a good friend of mine who hasn't been to the movie theater more than once in the past decade.
&gt; what are your thoughts on supporting Barnes &amp; Noble vs. Amazon vs. local bookstores Local Bookstore &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; B&amp;N/Amazon This has nothing to do with stock or an equity firm buying up B&amp;N. It's 100% due to caring about my city and my neighborhood. Could I save a couple bucks on Amazon? Sure. But I'd rather the proceeds on my purchase go to the folks who run a shop down the street who live in my neighborhood and spend money in my neighborhood rather than some people who will never walk down my street.
I think it has more to do with what you're "trained" on rather than one being superior. I grew up with mom and dad cracking on the side of the bowl, so that's what I've been doing since I was five. In 30+ years of cracking eggs on the side, I've never had any issues with breaking yolks or getting shell shards in the bowl. So a few years ago I heard the pro tip to crack on a flat surface. Maybe it would be better for me than cracking on the bowl edge ... if I had another three decades to train myself to make cracking on a flat surface be a better option. I already have a way to crack eggs quickly, easily, and in a way that never busts the yolk or leads to shell shards. So there's no benefit to learning a different way. TL;DR: If it ain't broke, don't fix it.
You can recalibrate their response by recalibrating what is newsworthy. I can't imagine a world in which a 25 year old would feel like completing some certification is worth a call to mom and dad. You have other things to talk about, right? Talk about those things.
You might. There's one couple from my high school social circle who started dating Freshman year. They dated all through high school. They went to universities close-ish to each other and dated through college. They married after college. They've been married for more than 20 years now. They've got like ... five kids, I think. It worked for them. Sounds like an utter nightmare to me to try to change in step with another person all through your teens and 20s. But that's just my preference - I liked being able to move wherever I want and do whatever I wanted to do for my 20s.
Well damn. Now I've really got no reason to build Holy Sites.
We'll just call it reparations for being a colonialist empire.
Wow. That's a *lot* of phone time. You talk for *an hour* every night, including days you've just seen each other? And these calls are mostly just ... you brushing your teeth while he sends a meme to you? And then other days you spend ***five hours*** on a video call? Jeepers. That's more time than my partner and I would spend calling during the year we were living 8,000 miles apart from each other. We live together, and don't spend five hours talking every day. What's going through your head that you think you need this level of contact?
Grief is different for everyone, and different every time you experience it. I've had lots of breakups in my life, with reactions ranging from feeling dead inside for days on end to feelings of relief followed by going out with friends that night.
Either you're being dumb, or you're just taking a very restrictive view of what counts as "Rock &amp; Roll". So ... Ween doesn't count because they released a Country Western album, and that's not Rock &amp; Roll.
If you're going to be microwaving anyways, just do a microwave scrambled egg sandwich. Hunk of butter into a small bowl. Crack in an egg. Bit of salt, bit of pepper. Wack it with a fork until your yolk is mixed with the white a bit. Microwave for 20-30 seconds. Give it a quick fold with a fork. Top with cheese of your choic. Microwave another 20-30 seconds. Use a spatula to slide it out onto your toast/muffin/bagel/croissant.
Not sure why you're getting stuck egg. I do hot and quick fry on stainless steel and never have sticking. Oil in pan, pan on med-high heat. Once hot, wipe out the oil (leaving a slick), drop in a pat of butter and your egg. Cover. After 30 seconds, move pan off heat, keep lid on. A minute later you have a fried egg, gooey yolk, perfectly set white, and no sticking unless your pan is gouged or dirty.
&gt;You'll get just as many points from Ice Age and final scoring as you do from the rest of the game So true. Few years ago had a game where very early on I got smooshed into a tiny corner of the map, so I barely made points in the game. By the last round, I'd made things better for myself, but still had watched as everyone else on the board lapped me in score. But then final scoring came around: because I hadn't peaked early, I'd been able to take the last couple rounds to adapt and expand out to every single tile on the board (minus a couple interior glacier tiles). After final scoring, I'd gotten to within seven points of the winner.
Who's bringing the Spice?
They do look ... exactly like the signs posted the other week that were said to be found in S Minneapolis
Best of luck to you. I know things like this can come as a surprise. I've been pretty "fine" with the past three months. I haven't had an issue with goig to the grocery store. And even the coffee shop in my neighborhood that can get a little crowded with people waiting in line hasn't done anything to me. But this last week I was at a protest. And I was fine for a while. But over time, every single slogan and chant that came out of people around me (100% wearing masks, btw) started looking to me like shotgun bursts of virus. I made my way to a side street and had a full blown panic attack. So now I know where that particular edge of my comfort level is. The important thing is to listen to your reactions and make plans that are realistic for how you're reacting. You might not be mentally able to live with someone right now.
Glad I wasn't the only one who got whiplash there. *You know, I'm kind of tired of sitcoms where the premise is that the 20something protagonist is clueless ... so I think I'm going to start watching Avant Garde Japanese Existentialist Cinema!*
By having that governor who's promotion is for city improvements to not be damaged by environmental effects and then repeatedly erupting a volcano/flooding the river. Good times.
Just wait until you're done and you can dig on HP Fandom. I enjoyed the books well enough, even if there was a LOT that I didn't enjoy (seriously why did EVERY book end the same). But then I "got" the fandom. HP Fandom is super weird and fun.
It's a good idea, but not for a Civ game. Oh, you need this Tech that I have a monopoly on? Yeah, I'm not going to give it to you, because by me giving it to you, I've given you the thing you need to "win". Free Trade works in the real world because there is no "win" going on.
So ... kind of the Civ VI model? Pick a government type, then mix and match policies. Want a democracy with a side of authoritarian theology? How about communism with a dash of free market fun?
My mom is nearly 70. Only in the past couple years has she been OK with being in photos, including family photos. Maybe your boyfriend will take another 50 years before he's ok with being in photos. But when he does become comfortable in front of the camera, it will not be because you badgered him into being in photos and taking pictures of him drunk. And quick reminder for you youngsters out there who think taking all those photos of you and your friends getting wasted is the most fun ever: putting them up on Youtube and Myspace and Friendster and Facebook and Instagram and everything else is fun, but also really dumb. When I'm hiring and get your resume, I will spend a bit of time googling your name. And if it takes me no more than 20 seconds to find a photo of you chugging a bottle of gut rot vodka while your friend writes swear words on a passed out friend's face ... your resume will find it's final resting place in the recycling bin.
She doesn't want your gifts. She's comfortable with what she has. And if you think she's not attractive because of her clothes, then y'all gotta look at what you find attractive.
Alright, so ... she's being racist *and* jealous? And you want to stay with that why? Also, how is Lovebirds? Now that Insecure season four is wrapping up, I need my Issa Rae fix.
Weird is relative, right? It sounds like what he feels for you is a safe, easy way to feel like he was in a relationship. He gets to test drive saying lovey dovey things, you reciprocate (or at least aren't telling him "dude, stop"), and worst case scenario he doesn't lose anything even if you find out that you never ever will be back in the same place again. So whether you want it to stop is your choice. While I don't think it's necessarily "weird", I don't think this sort of safe/low-risk relationship is all that healthy, because it takes the place of branching out and finding a "real" relationship.
Priorities. I know plenty of convention people who live and breath going to multiple nerdfests around the country every year. And that's what they spend money on. Those are their vacations. That's their prime entertainment. Something to always keep in mind is that everyone probably has something they spend a good chunk of money on that others look at it and think "What? Really? How do you justify spending that much on ***cheese*** every year?!"
You seem to be under the impression that the television show made the books popular. But the books were already popular ... that's why the show was made. It's certainly going to make a book *more* popular when a series comes out, or can revive a book years after it's initial buzz (see how *Little Fires Everywhere* shot to the top of the NYT Bestseller after being off the list for quite some time following the release of the limited series). And a bookshop or publishing house marketing team will happily take a surge in popularity to feature the book more prominently, rather than just being a couple copies on the shelf. But it would be quite the feat for a TV series to take an unknown book and thrust it into the limelight.
With all the comments here about how stainless is hard to cook eggs in, I must be an accidental eggs in stainless genius! I do a little seasoning to the pan. Pan on the burner. Oil in the pan. Medium high heat until it's hot. Wipe out excess oil, leaving just the barest sheen. Plop in a pat of butter, then eggs. Works great for large-curd scrambled, sunny side or any "over" variation. No sticking. Your ugly brown is just scorched oil. If soap and water doesn't work for, bar-keepers friend.
&gt;Wondering whether I should be the good person and take the branch of friendship or leave it You're making it a false choice here. You can be a good person while ignoring someone who you don't need in your life and who hurt you. You don't want him in your life, so don't have him in your life. Keep that door closed. It doesn't mean you're not a "good person", it just means that you're a good person who doesn't need or want him in your life.
Age gap aside ... Spending ***two weeks*** with the entire extended family of a girlfriend I've been with for a year sounds like a personal definition of hell. Especially if that two weeks of vacation is in one (admittedly "big") house. I've been with my partner for a decade, and spending even a couple days at her parent's house for holidays is about the limit. To spend half a month with her, some siblings, those siblings SOs, parents, grandparents, a niece would be a reason to break up. So he's compromising. He joins you on the vacation, but you two get a cottage down the road from the Big House. That way he can walk out of the bedroom in his boxers for a cup of coffee in the morning without being forced into a conversation about JFK with your grandmother. He can spend some time with the fam in the afternoon, then return back to your place to relax with a book for a bit, or take a nap, before going back over to join the family for a big dinner. He can have sex with you without worrying that the whole family can hear, or that your brother in law is going to walk in. In short: he wants a separate place so that he can have a vacation with those two weeks.
Therapy yes. But I also know how you feel. Especially over the past six months, I've been more and more worried that my parents are going to die. I'm a habitual obituaries reader - I love reading about ordinary people's extraordinary lives - and more and more often, the people in the obits are younger than my parents. And this is going to sound morbid, but ***talk to your mom about death***. A few years ago I really began noticing my parents' ever increasing age. Hair going from salt and pepper to fully grey, slower movements, hearing getting worse, etc. So I talked to them. Knowing what their concerns are, how they're taking care of their health, what their end of life plans are, what they'd like their funeral or memorial service to be ... it's all info that makes eventual death less scary, by making it more manageable.
You're reading a lot of "judgy" in a response where I'm just saying I think it's weird to vacation, and some people would think it's weird not to. I only responded because you're saying it's "off base" to say "that's weird." Remember: weird is relative. And weird doesn't mean wrong. I think it's super weird when families take holiday photos wearing matching sweaters. Doesn't mean I think they're deviants or doing holidays wrong. Weird just means that I don't get the appeal.
I was working at a record store at the time. It was a daily occurrence for the people who bought the top 40 hits to come in with a copy of *Electriclarryland* trying to return it. "Sorry, we don't take returns on open merch - you can try the used record place down the way".
It's a difference of attitude. Being a teenager in the '90s meant that *weird* was, if anything, a positive adjective, so all these years later it's just shorthand for "It's not my jam, but if it's your thing, go for it - I just would rather not join you."
I have a neice and a nephew (now in their late teens) who's dad was way into Iron Maiden. These kids grew up with Iron Maiden shit EVERYWHERE. Pretty sure the girl's first word was "Eddie". They're both well adjusted young adults. My mom sang "One Tin Soldier "as a bedtime song. It's a lovely song ... about two rival kingdoms fighting a bloody war that kills everyone. Really appropriate, right? My siblings and I are fine. You're concerned about the words, thinking that they're messing with your kid's heads ... are they? Are your kids having nightmares? Are they saying or doing anything that would be a concern? Have you taken 2 minutes to say "Hey kiddos, what do you think of daddy's bedtime songs" Listen to them. They can help you figure out if there's something to be worried about.
&gt; On Tuesday I broke my right foot and now I’m completely dependent from my parents. Why? No reason to be completely dependent on anybody with one broken foot. Break a second foot and we can let you be dependent on someone else.
I'm a simple man of simple pleasures: Gin &amp; Tonic.
Yup. Just made some the other week because I didn't have any pine nuts. I've also used, in the past, walnuts, pecans, sunflower seeds ... probably more.
When you say you can't for one specific reason, there's no reason to assume that you have anything other than that specific reason. So in your case, I suppose be happy that you have people willing to help you out.
Bravo AI. And then there's my current game, where the AI (Tamar) has levied the military of Brussels, which is nestled into a mountain range that marks the western edge of my territory. I am the only civilization that Tamar could reach with those levied units. She's done this three times. Just moves them around a bit until they go back to the control of Brussels.
I'll back you up on that. There are times that I LOVE headphones. But there are albums where having the feeling of the vocalist being right behind your ear is great, and then there are albums where I feel like the vocalist is over there, and over there is the bassist, and oh, over there is the guitarist and I'm ALIVE.
Not debatable, because no one thinks it's the best, so it's a pretty tired debate: "Ladies and gentlemen, we can all agree that Exactly Where I'm At is a decent song, but it's not the best song by any standards. I rest my case." The crowd murmurs in agreement as the moderator looks towards the empty podium where the pro side to the argument would stand.
It's your money, but disc brakes and suspension fork for a \~20 minute commute seems like serious overkill. Basic input: test ride. Head over to a shop, talk to someone about what you're looking for and then take a couple bikes out for a ride. Go on a sample version of your commute - if that commute is all smooth asphalt, ride that. If your commute is busted up roadways where you're dodging potholes ever other meter, ride that. If you're on a gravel path, ride that. And then pick the one that feels good.
Let's make it even more confusing and note that you can use Jibe or the alternate spelling Gibe.
I'm still grossed out by ticks, but not scared. Just do a tick check. Or as I call it "honey, let's get naked and look at each other"
Pro: Adds bulk for a hell of a lot less cost than more beef Con: Adds beans
Salt, oil. Roast. Wanna get fancy? Add other seasonings, or get a seasoned salt. I'm infatuated with one that has smoked paprika and thyme.
Do you have a neighbor? Bring them a bagel with your cream cheese. Tell them that it's a thank you for being a great neighbor, and that you're glad to be living next door. Call them up the next day and ask how they liked the bagel. You now know whether you should eat the cream cheese. (If you don't have a neighbor, how about a family member?)
Ah, the perpetual motion machine.
I think PnP is a stellar way to get buzz going. Because even if the game is literally just 100 cards, those people dedicated enough to print a usable copy of the game are the people interested in games enough that once the "real" edition is available, they'll buy the real version. And the rest of the gamers will use the PnP as a sneak peak.
Absolute fun. Oh, you just attacked my archer? He's so hurt. Wait a sec, let me promote him and then fire on you ... you're dead and he's full health!
Could be good. But when he releases a third, then fourth, then fifth book using the same gimmick, Max is just going to become a "Remember that guy" punchline.
Talking more about using the epistolary style to tell the story of a disaster caused by a scifi Monster. His next novel "Sea Wreck: A Review of Leviathan Attacks in History" Followed by "Messages: A Record of Correspondence from the Bermuda Triangle" And don't forget: "Documented: My Journal as an Area 51 Xenomorphic Autopsy Specialist"
Yup - if everyone is dancing, everyone is dancing. But if most people are chill and nodding and you're whipping around and twirling, you're being a huge ass. That's why I saw take a cue from the small people.
https://www.npr.org/sections/thesalt/2013/02/13/171942864/one-city-s-love-affair-with-processed-cheese No one outside of St Lou knows it exists. But you go to St Lou and they will tell you their pizza is the best *because* of Provel.
I'm not quiet about hating on most of the filler in Lost. But I am fully 100% totally in support of the Scott/Steve bit.
Life pro tip: if you have to explain the joke, it's not funny.
You'd think after all these years that Canada would at least be wearing pull-ups instead of diapers. Must be what happens when you don't declare your independence from Mommy England.
I've been playing TLD since the earliest days (gotta love when collecting firewood meant standing outside and selecting "Gather Firewood"), so Survival mode is the mode I know. When Episode 1 came out, I played for 30 minutes before going back to survival because it felt like I was playing a game on rails, which isn't fun for me. Never been that kind of game player.
For being a hunk of metal, cast iron sure gets people freaked out. It's already seasoned. So you're fine. Wipe it out after use, or wash it. Just don't put it away unless it's dry. If at some point thinks start sticking, re-season it.
How much of her regrets are that she missed out on the whole big wedding thing, and how much is her and your parents making her feel bad about that they missed out on the whole big wedding thing? So I'm starting from he bottom here: your lack of enthusiasm doesn't mean much in this context. You can choose what to be enthusiastic about. Otherwise, why both celebrating birthdays or anniversaries? They're all just arbitrary days. Why would anyone celebrate you graduating from college? It's not like you suddenly became a new person compared to who you were the week before. With that out of the way, your resistance to a big wedding celebration sounds more like "wow, I sure dodged a bullet by doing an elopement! Glad we saved the money!!" Go back in time to before you decided to elope, and your conversation around when you decided to elope. What was your wedding going to be like before you decided to elope? And when you two decided to elope, what were you talking about? How much was a rash decision and how much was actually thought out. And with that in mind, sit down and *enthusiastically* discuss Wedding 2.0: The Return of Your Wedding. Don't start with "We're already married, so this doesn't matter", start with "We don't have the pressure of getting married hanging over us, so let's plan a big celebration." Hopefully it won't cost $20k.
Is it even possible to "spoil" a historical event?
The freezing was more a temporary measure to prevent mold than a smell reduction. These books had been not just exposed to smoke, but drenched from sprinkler systems and fire hoses. Since facilities for drying so many books weren't available, the books were frozen to halt mold growth until drying space was made.
Will it lead to another collaboration with Frente!? I hope so.
You could choose any song and you pick ... Ocean Man? You're doing better than the kid who picked Gabrielle, but not much better.
When I eventually return to the office, I'll be a mess. It's not that much of a ride (just over 12 miles), but I haven't been in the office in three months. Sure, I *sometimes* will go on a little ride after finishing up work, but going from \~125 miles every week to maybe getting 20 miles in a week, the commute is going to destroy me.
If anyone asks why a Game of Thrones reboot, set in suburban USA, would be a bad idea, just point them to this post.
So ... they've already been quite open about the fact that they're going to crowd source funds for IVF, and your response is to discretely put a check in a Father's Day card? Do you not see that this is the equivalent of having your friend pass a note to the boy you like asking him to mark Yes or No as to whether he likes you? "The other day you said you and Tom decided to start IVF but you were needing financial help. I talked it over with my husband, and we had a windfall recently and would like to help. Should I write a check to you, or how would you like to handle this?" You're definitely not overstepping because they've already said they're going to do a Gofundme or similar. It's not a breach of privacy because they've told you what's going on -- you didn't find out all this by hearing from your hairdresser who heard from their gardener who heard it by eavesdropping while trimming the rose bushes. Just, you know, take rejection graciously if that's what happens. "OK, I understand. If you would like a gift, don't hesitate to ask, we'd like to help any way we can."
Yes, most places do, but no, "Real Butter Flavoring" tastes nothing like real butter. My neighborhood 2nd run theater does real butter. I love their popcorn. I can't bother eating a single kernel anywhere else.
&gt;Cook fresh mushrooms (best if multiple varieties) in foil with ~~olive oil~~ *butter* and fresh thyme It's the little things that make life better.
Now I want to see bikes included in Olympic floor gymnastics routines.
Right answer to a different question.
Well ... now I have to decide if it makes sense to drive to Souix Falls to see my Saints.
Sounds like her reasoning is "You seem like you no longer need weekly hours with me, and the issues you came to me, you now have the tools to handle them on your own. For the time being, let's go to sessions every other week." Which is good reasoning. No therapist is going to want for their patient to be so dependent on them that they go on seeing each other every week forever. (And hopefully you don't want to have to see your therapist every week for the rest of your life.) The back and forth you bring up doesn't have much to do with what's going on here, since it's coming from your assumption that the reason she's scaling back your sessions is ***because*** your insurance will cease in August. And while that might be one aspect of her thought process, it's not the primary consideration. So next time, don't question her by way of trying to intuit why she's wanting to taper your sessions. "Can you explain why you think it's beneficial to have less frequent sessions?" And then "Right now I'm experiencing these new feelings/concerns/problems that I would like to work on with you." Remember: your therapist is your doctor. Your doctor is there to find some plan of treatment ... and a plan of treatment includes an end of treatment. And if you're unclear on the plan, it's not rude to ask questions about the plan.
Table talk that I like: 1. Non-game talk 2. Shit talking Table talk that I hate: 1. Chatter intended to get someone to take a certain action in the game (e.g. anything close to "You guys, Bob is going to win if we don't fuck him up.") So talk all you want. But if you look around and realize that three other people are glancing at the board and their cards and fiddling with meeples while you tell your rambling story about the funny goat you saw on Youtube, recognize your audience and keep it snappy. (I'm confused as to how commenting on Susie getting pigs in Agricola could be speculating ... she's getting points. There's not much to speculate on in an Agricola game.)
Keyflower has been my #2 for many, many years. It's just brilliant. I've done dozens of face-to-face play and many hundreds of online plays with BGA, and I don't think I'll ever get tired. The genius is the dual use of workers as bidding currency and resource workers. Having to make that choice is so difficult, making it so satifying when you choose "right".
Media Mail is your friend. Might not be fast, so if there's a book or two that you can't bear to be without for a few weeks, bring those with you. But media mail is really cheap. Just accept that it can be slow (you might get a nice surprise though and have them arrive in only a few days), and don't create problems by having anything else in with the books - that includes bookmarks.
&gt; tent sites are 35-50 Holy crap, New England is crazy expensive. For fifty bucks, I'd better get a ranger who carries my gear into a secluded backwoods location, set up my tent, fluff some pillows, and even give me a nice pile of firewood nicely sorted by size.
Severe ankle sprain about 4 miles out from trailhead wasn't great. Could've turned out really bad.
Well, when you choose to go into a situation designed to talk about music, you're going to get people who want to talk about music. Like, your average person you run into in real life probably won't happily talk your ear off about ... orchids. But go to the monthly meeting of your city's gardening club, and you'll be astounded by how much the people in that room know about orchids.
If you're going to do this, you're going to be on your own. The only 'respect' you owe to your grandmother and mother is to not force them into going on this hunt for your late uncle's child. And if you're going to do this, set your expectations a bit lower. You seem to be coming to this search thinking that you deserve to know this woman, and that when you find her you will be having some relationship with her. She might not want to have anything to do with you and your family: are you prepared to let it go if you contact her and she does't respond with glee over being contacted by her long lost cousin? Remember, she's a family member by blood only, not by association. You and I have about as much in common with each other than you and she.
Definitely examine your helmet. Any dent, crack? If you see any damage, or even if it looks questionable, destroy that helmet and get a new one. It would suck to have another accident and that's how you found out that its protective qualities were compromised today.
He's got it halfway right. Measure out the 1/2 cup of bell pepper. The remaining peppers are his snack to be enjoyed while he preps the rest of the ingredient. Same goes for butter. Your recipe calls for 3 Tbsp butter? The remaining 5 Tbsp are for me to eat dipped in sugar.
Because you don't necessarily want the flavor from browned onion (sweet). Sometimes you do. Just, not always.
Those are just something for a couple fighters to use for XP.
You know, you could give yourself an early game war to take a few cities from your neighbors, and then switch away from domination to ... whatever you'd rather do. My early game is about doing whichever is easiest/most efficient. Has the game given me a wildly cool start where the AI and I are separated by a mountain range, and "my half" has space for me to plop 6-8 cities? Cool - I'll plug the gap through the mountains with a unit, then spam out settlers. But have I started in a position where I've just had first contact with a couple military city states and I have the +25% unit production pantheon and a civ or two within a reasonable march? I'll crank out some units and happily go to war.
Isn't CG still the Civ of the Week? They're badass. Consider that one part of their Unique Ability is +1 Movement ... and that there's an entire policy card for "+1 Movement *if your unit starts in your territory*" By *default* you get a stronger version of what every other civ would need a policy card for. Oh, and you get this from turn one. Is that not enough for you? You can use a promotion on a unit *and it doesn't end its turn*. If you like getting top tier promotions, Gran Colombia is great at these. Do you know how easy it is to dominate your neighbors when you have a couple Archers that can: 1. Move onto a hill 2. Fire *twice* onto the city below Oh, and if those units get a promotion bu they're damaged, well ... let's just use their promotion to get back up to full health ... and keep shooting. Still not enough? Well let's give you a mini-Great General every Era, one that can stack with other Great Generals. You want more? You're killing me. OK, let's give you a calvary unit that stacks combat strength. Yes, they move fast. Ever wanted to surprise a neighbor by declaring war on them and in ONE TURN surrounding their city with some superpowered horsepeople? Yeah, you just did.
&gt;so they make up reasons to arrest people Which, as seen in the video, can often come down to ... OBSTRUCTION OF JUSTICE Which is Copspeak for "I just want you in handcuffs right now. We can sort it out later. Worst case scenario for me, I show up, WHILE GETTING PAID, in court as the judge throws the case out because our guy here wasn't obstructing shit, but he had to take half a day off of work. But probably what's gonna happen is our buddy here pays the fine and now has a petty misdemeanor on his record. Either way, I got to feel like a tough motherfucker today!"
It's basically free money. Someone inclined to take from others sees a bike light and "hey, that's free for me." oh, you want more fun theories. There's this supervillain. Well, she doesn't think she's a supervillain, but if you were making a comic book with a Batman-type protagonist and had her in your comic book, the role she'd play would be supervillain, even though she's more troubled than evil. See, when she was a young girl, her mother and father told her scary stories every night. Stories about how there's a boogiemonster in her closet and gremlins hiding behind her toy box and goblins under her bed. This woman, they call her Night Light, is terrified of the dark because her parent's stories were so sinister, so scary, and so real. She's vowed to never be in the dark. So she and her goons, the Glower Gang, have set about stealing all the bike lights in the world so as to light up every square inch in Night Light's house.
OK folks, lets place our bets here. What's going to happen to OP? 1. Shot by a landowner 2. Arrested by local authorities 3. Arrested by federal authories 4. Go down in a blaze of glory after being surrounded by authorities 5. Die of food poisoning/starvation/nutritional deficiences 6. Die of wildlife attack 7. Die of a fall/head injury 8. Die of exposure And how long will they make it?
&gt; I have a cat that I think might be a happy camper So, give it a go. But start small. Get your cat into the carrier, drive over to a park. Set up a chair and read. How's your cat doing? Freaking out and yowling? Crouching and hissing? Or is your cat just chilling out as if he were at home, basking in the sun and licking his ass? Build from there. I'd love to take my cat camping. But he freaks out if I take him *anywhere* outside of his home. Yard? Nope. So I know that bringing him camping would lead to him cowering in his carrier, yowling and hissing and that's not the kind of situation I would want to put him through.
Why does it appear that you have a Digiorno's pepperoni pizza on a cookie sheet over a small fire? Bring dough. Stretch it. Sauce, cheese, toppings. Place on grill over hot coals. It'll come out far better than a frozen pizza.
*Post* certainly had some of the best collaborations that Bjork has done in her career (seriously, it's been 25 years since this album? Really?). My personal favorites are the work with Tricky - the herky jerky discomfort of "Enjoy" and the warmth of "Headphones".
Your roommate isn't slowly taking over the apartment. You've been giving up your apartment for the past four months. But we can't turn back the clock to months ago and have you say "OK, I was fine with your sister being here for a week, but it's time for her to move on." &gt; he roommate asks if they work me up, and I say yeah I can hear the conversation or what you were doing Stop being passive. "Yes, I can hear you. You're being too loud. Keep it down. Thanks."
Dependency, maybe. But even just having "getting a little drunk at work" become his normal. His work buddies and him sharing a 12-pack every few weeks is one thing. But it can slide pretty quickly from having some drinks on payday to having a few drinks every few days ... to spending most of the day drunk.
Bad enough that I would stop by the bike shop for a new tire tomorrow afternoon. Not bad enough that if I had plans to bike over to a brewery to meet up with friends to change my plans.
You make your accommodations. He makes his. You do not plan on sharing a hotel room or staying at his home or him staying at your home. You make plans to meet each other in a city where if things don't pan out, you aren't left thinking "Well, now I'm stuck with this dud for three days" - naw, meet somewhere that if he's a dud, you move on and instead go ... see some stuff. And meet publicly. Park, cafe, whatever. Don't drink.
&gt; take a look at the menu at &gt; &gt;GRØD Or buy their cookbook. Worth every penny.
&gt; What should I do guys? Your options: 1. Get over it 2. Break up with your girlfriend 3. No longer be friends with Jake Because the only other option would be that ... you only see your best friend without your girlfriend with you. And that's going to get really old, and really strange, really quickly. And it sounds like this is in your head. You and your girlfriend hashed out how you aren't comfortable with her being her touchy self with Jake. Next time you saw Jake she wasn't touchy. Yet you still made up a narrative in your head that she and Jake are going to get it on. &gt; he said that she understands it, but it's not healthy behaviour at all and I need to do something about it. She's right. It isn't healthy to fixate so much on the imagined infidelity between your girlfriend and your best friend so much so that you cannot be around both of them at the same time.
&gt;it’s about closure. Your "closure" happened a month ago when you broke up. Anything more that you want is something you need to work on yourself, not with him. Right now you are a financial obligation to him. Nothing more. I don't contact the bank or my landlord every time I send them a payment, because that's how a business transaction works.
Look at the info for the park or forest you will be entering. I'm in MN. I do not need to pay if I am bicyling into a state park (I do need to pay for a camp site except for some camp sites that are free first-come/first-serve), only if I drive a car/truck/motorcycle.
If you're anything like me, anxieties fade with knowledge. The more you know for sure, the fewer "what ifs" you have to worry about. So talk about your unknowns. Ask about how chores will be handled. About what "clean" means to both of you. About who will do cooking, who does shopping, what time at home is going to be like, etc,etc. (Ideally, you would've done this before you decided to get a new place together, but, better now than a month from now!)
My way of dealing with that: If I'm going to be mugged/murdered/etc, it's FAR more likely to happen on the block that I live with a few hundred people within 10 yards of my front door than at a campground, where, even at full capacity, I've got maybe a dozen people within 10 yards of me. In short: if I'm going to be murdered, it's more likely to happen when I'm walking to the grocery store, or back from a friend's house, rather than when I've chosen to go many miles away from a city, and spend the night in a location where everyone around me for miles are also just looking to chill, see some birds, fish a little, drink, hike, etc. A murderer can murder anywhere. Why would a murderer drive out to the country, buy a park pass, reserve a camp site ... all to murder me.
Check out the website or contact the agency who runs the area that you'll be camping in. Depending on where you are, entry fees for a bike might be nothing, or they might be reduced, or they might be the same as for motor vehicles. Last thing you want to deal with is a fine or even getting booted from the state park because you didn't pay the fees.
(Note: everything that follows assumes a pre- or post-covid world) Private. Home. Have a couple folks who rotate hosting duties. For the most part, meet up same day/time, though there's some flexibility. Most of the time that flexibility is in someone saying "Yo, next week I can't meet up until 7:30, ya'll ok with pushing our time back?" or "Wednesday doesn't work for me next week, how about Thursday?" It's not the sort of game night where people bring games and then we blow an hour trying to figure out what game everyone is in the mood for. The "Main Event" is chosen in advance - that way everyone has a chance to read over the rule book or watch a video or something to get a jump start on rules. That way the night can start with "Ok, everyone read the rules? Any questions? Ok, let's get going!" Shorter games can open the night if someone is running late, or if the Main Event game wraps up quickly and people want to hit a couple more games before heading home. Game is chosen ... by consensus, I suppose. "Hey, I just bought \_\_\_\_\_ , want to play next week?" And then there's agreement, discussion, or flat out refusal.
&gt; I'll admit it can drag on towards the end but honestly most boardgames do You and I play different games, so we have very different standards we're judging games on. Most games I play don't drag on ... they build to a crescendo and then *boom, game over*. If I were to play a game and got the "Are we there yet" feeling, it would be a game I wouldn't play again. Other than that, for me it's the combo of playtime and randomness. I don't mind either, but in combination, I don't like them. A game with a lot of randomness that is over in 30 minutes? Cool. A 5 hour game with limited randomness (or at least randomness that I can mitigate)? Sweet. But a multi-hour game than can be extended even longer or where my progress can just be wiped via bad dice rolls? No thanks.
Sushi: Rice, filling/topping So ... use whatever you like. I dig on carrot, cucumber, mushroom
If you have the ability, do it. No lying when I say this: The most difficult step will be obtaining a suckling pig. But if you are located anywhere near where pigs are raised (so, say for the USA, anywhere from the midwest through the south/southeast) *or* near a decent butcher shop (so now, basically everywhere in the USA minus some odd pockets of rural-dom), you can get a suckling pig with a little advance work, a couple calls, and some foresight. Google "My Area Suckling Pig" and start calling. Know how big of an oven you're working with - you don't want to get to the beach house and realize your pig is two inches too long. As a rule, most standard USA home ovens can take a pig up to 20 pounds. After that, all you do is: 1. Wash and towel that sucker as if it were your chunky infant son (... an infant son who has been disemboweled - yes, clean and dry the body cavity). 2. Use a dishcloth to scrub off any unslightly bits - dark spots, whiskers, etc. 3. Take a nice fillet knife and stab your piggie 20ish times, all over. Make sure you get some stabs in the face, ass, chest, etc. 4. Stuff each stab wound with a clove of garlic. 5. Rub down your piggie with olive oil. You want him to glimmer in the sun. 6. Have fun throwing pinches of kosher salt at this thoroughly unkosher animal. Get the inside, get the outside. Make him look like he's been sprinkled with diamond dust. 7. Tuck the legs so it looks like he's aerodynamically ready to luge down a hill ... ass first. Rear feet pointing to the face, front feet forward. 8. Crack his back if he's arching too much. Don't want him to fall over now! 9. Put a potato in his mouth. (Replace with an apple before serving to be classy). 10. Roast at 300F. Roughly 15 minutes per pound. Tent any spots that are getting to "burny" with foil (ears, top of the butt, etc) 11. Pig is done with you see the knuckle skin split and if you tap on it like you're knocking on your elderly grandmother's door it sounds a little hollow. Serve.
Don't blame yourself for his behavior. And yes, he has crossed MANY boundaries. Apparently he's not taking pretty obvious hints at face value, so you'll have to spell it out. Text/call/email/show up at his front door/stop him in the street and tell him that you do not want to hear from him and that you do not want him contacting your family and that if he continues to do so, that you will report him to the authorities. Then do that. Get your parents/sister on board with letting you know if/when he calls/drops by. Report. Report. Make records. Report. Report.
Yup. Real fun if you can get a single soothsayer to get a huge forest fire that bounces back and forth over a long time, increasing yields multiple times with just one soothsayer.
So, she's mad that you continued skinny dipping with your friends after she got out of the water? She needs to use her words if she wants to communicate with you.
He's free to walk. They're 20 years old. That he's already so concerned with her choices is a pretty clear sign that they won't be together very long, so he's got no worries. She'll do this thing, he'll get annoyed and frustrated that she's not in the same financial situation as he is, they'll break up, he'll keep making his money, she'll keep going to art school, everyone comes up better. &gt; You missed, a graduate make below living wage and an experienced one makes 40k-50k a year I didn't miss that. And likely neither does the woman who wants to go to this school.
So you can "deal" with the yolk, hate the white ... Do you mean you really just like mayo, mustard, salt, pepper and paprika? If what you mean is you actually just like the yolk filling, just make that. And use it like a dip.
The question is, would it be weirder for you to eat yourself, or to watch your friends eat you?
Stuff in books is the best. My favorite that I was many years ago I'd bought a set of cookbooks published by Gourmet Magazine in the early '50s. Bought 'em because full color photos of things in aspic with truffles as decoration are friggin' amazing. But as I paged through them at home I started finding the story of the previous owners ... The books were inscribed to a newlywed couple (I'll call 'em Bob and Sue) from a guy I'll call Mike. Mike was wishing Bob and Sue a happy marriage, hoping they enjoy the cookbook as much as Mike enjoyed it. And then the flotsam and jetsam of life was stuck in there as bookmarks ... love letters between Mike and Bob. Theater tickets to shows referenced in notes passed between the two. In this book was Mike and Bob's affair from 50-60 years ago.
Like, professionally? I used to do record reviews years ago. That was fun. Free albums, guest list to shows. But day-to-day, even back when I was getting paid? Did the same thing as knowing anything else. If you know about architecture, you can talk about that. Into the labor movements of the early 20th century? That's something to talk about. Ditto for food styling in early '80s fast food commercials or fun facts about European royalty -- it's all cocktail party bullshit.
&gt;How can we have gotten to a place where listening to music has become a chore to the point people need to take breaks for a week to appreciate it again Have you not seen posts in this sub? You've got people for whom listening to music involves: 1. Identify 50 artists to listen to this week 2. Sort songs by these artists into playlists 3. Listen to playlists 4. Re-sort songs 5. Listen again 6. Listen again, taking notes 7. Read all the criticism you can find about those artists 8. Question whether you can listen to them when you know they have an unpaid parking ticket 9. Listen again And so on. It's not just Gen-Z. It's the usual socially anxious Reddit user who is obsessed with doing things the "right" way.
Often the agency in charge of those sites can provide some kind of info about how quickly sites at a particular site fill up. That can at least give you some kind of idea about whether that loop is almost always full by noon, or if it rarely breaks 75% capacity except on holiday weekends. If there's any chance of the camp ground filling, I'd recommend making it easy for you to arrive bright and early. Don't make Yosemite be the end of a 10 hour drive. Get a cheap hotel at the edge of the park so you can wake up and arrive in the morning. And then you show up. You creep along. Pull into a spot if it's open. Or keep cruising. Almost all the time, FCFS involves filling out your pay envelope and then clipping the tab with your days your paying for on the post outside the site. See a site with today's date? Wait around. See someone actively packing up? "Howdy, see you're packing up - just checking on if you're packing to be leaving today, I was hoping to camp down here tonight." Have a back up. Whether that's another campground, a KOA, a hotel, a vehicle you can sleep in at a Wal-Mart parking lot --- something just in case you aren't able to pull in to a FCFS.
Most definitely. I recently started back playing again after a while away, and with none of the 90 research techs, I've been taking tourists on Mun fly-bys (even did an orbit one time that I had great ascent to LKO and lined up a terrific Mun encounter - made it back to Kerbin's atmosphere to air brake with less than 1 dV available - TIGHT). I've made it to Duna with what you have unlocked. Landing gear is nice ... but if you pick a nice flat landing location and make sure you've killed any horizontal movement, landing on your engine ain't too bad. As others have noted, building upgrades are going to be your hurdle. While you can certainly do a Mun trip with &lt;30 parts and &lt;18 Tons, getting your VAB and launch pad upgraded will give you a LOT more freedom for design. And getting to the Mun without maneuver nodes isn't too bad, I much prefer getting Mission Control and Tracking Station upgraded so I can set up nodes. If nothing else, having node set ups is great for figuring out "Do I have the fuel for this?": you have your encounter, now can you burn to orbit, then deorbit and then get back into Kerbin with what you have available? Or will you run out of gas and still be 8 MKm from home?
Those are my rules of engagement as well. It's mostly about keeping me playing and having fun - with quicksaves on I have a bad habit of saving/loading until things are PERFECT, so even something simple like landing on Minmus will take me an hour as I quicksave before going into orbit, then quicksave before circularizing, then quicksave before beginning my deorbit burn ... and so on.
&gt;I can terminate the rocket tho right? Which will kill the tourists, which will fail your contract.
It's *very* rare for me to enjoy everything in an artist's discography (not counting new artists or artists who released just one or two albums before disappearing). I'll listen to everything, sure, but I'm not going to own the entire catalog. Or if I do own the whole catalog, there'll be albums I don't listen to or ... or just sell off. Last time I had a band where I owned and loved the whole discography was Sleater-Kinney. And they they released *The Center Won't Hold.* I just can't get down with it. Still gave it a fair shake - listened a few times over, thought it was interesting, just not what I want to hear.
"Those are some of Daddy's old friends." That's more than enough for a six year old. And that's plenty for ... oh, the next 30 or so years. If Ritchie and you are having a drink many years from now after he's gone through his second divorce and you are having a father-son heart to heart about relationships, then maybe you can say "Remember when you were six and found some of my old photos ..." Just, use some common sense. When you were a kid did you want to know about all the women your father messed around with? Were you really into knowing about your mom's sexual escapades?
Your medication is your business. But do you really want to date someone who would think you're 'less of a man' because you recognize that mental illness is real and that addressing it as a medical issue is a great idea? You also don't have to be "one of those people who go around talking about your mental health". You can leave it as *Oh, those are my antidpressants/anxiety meds*.
Sounds like a question for her, not anyone else.
Since I fear what kind of NSFW content you could stumble on by googling "rape culture", give you the short version: Rape culture is the entire culture that normalizes and/or excuses rape. It's a catch all for anything from the "They way she's dressed, you can tell she really *wants it*" to giving rapists a light sentence because "boys will be boys". When you talk about the clothes your girlfriend wants to wear out jogging as something that invites stares at her butt, that's saying two things: 1. That it's fine that guys stare at her butt - the guy can't help it. 2. She's asking for the attention - anything that happens to her is her fault. Both are false, because: 1. A guy is 100% capable of directing his eyes wherever he wants. 2. The only time you're asking for attention is when you say "please pay attention to me".
I'm not sure how I can help you understand that a thought experiment isn't a perfect reflection of how someone's values operate in the real world. You're seemingly dead set on thinking that her thought experiment means she's immoral. If that's how you want to read the situation, go ahead.
Your spy isn't a very good spy if the country they're operating in knows they're a spy ... so how would you get alliance points for having someone do work in Persia, but Persia doesn't know you have someone doing work there?
