Momma?!
That’s really a shame he can’t be paid what he deserves to be :(
I don’t think they meant the cost of the watch was greater than his annual salary. I think they meant a watch like that is not something a person with a salary like his could afford.
Many Republicans who are part of this big, angry circle jerk change their views when they’re actually exposed to some of the things they‘re so staunchly against. Invite them into a Mexican immigrant family’s house for dinner and they’ll see they’re not all criminals. Have them sit down and talk to a gay couple who have adopted children and they’ll see they’re not pedophiles. Have them attend a Planned Parenthood meeting with a scared young girl who was raped and is now pregnant and many will change their opinion on abortion. Most people do have similar morals, but bigger interests have managed to convince them that going against their morals is actually supporting their morals, e.g. being pro-personal responsibility while being against people trying to build a better life, being pro-family while tearing apart families, being pro-life while forcing a baby to be born into poverty and hardship, claiming to follow Jesus and the Bible while being completely against its teachings, etc.
They don’t believe in man-made climate change. Most Republicans accept that the climate is changing.
The head doesn’t look like a Mekong.
Internet Explorer 10 is still supported until January 31st this year, and Internet Explorer 11 will still be receiving updates for a long time. They’ve been deprecated, yes, but they’re still currently supported. At least Edge finally took the #3 browser spot from IE 11 on PC, with Chrome being #1 and Firefox #2.
People are going to downvote you, but you’re right about targeting the wrong things. (Although I don’t believe this is some control conspiracy.) These plastic bans will help a little bit, and they’ll make the environment LOOK prettier from reduced trash, but these billion dollar companies are literally destroying our planet with little to no repercussions.
Or go after the real polluters of the environment and stop bickering amongst ourselves?
Got a source for that? You say “thats what Los Angeles did” as if the whole city did that.
I live in Thailand and honestly the plastic isn’t the problem, but getting rid of it will still help. The problem is most Thai people don’t give a shit about the environment. They’ll finish some snack and throw the wrapper on the ground. The fishermen will rape the water until the bottom looks like a post-apocalyptic war zone. They’ll burn all their trash including plastic and anything else (need to make sure to be far away when they do because they burn aerosol spray cans which explode).
It was foolish to try to prevent mass deforestation? We needed it at that time. We still need it, but not in all the same areas as before.
Worldwide we have more trees than any point in history?! Are you insane? That would be hilarious if it wasn’t depressing that someone can actually believe something so ridiculous.
Looks like it's still there: [https://www.reddit.com/r/billiards/comments/eiol2i/my\_birthday\_gift/](https://www.reddit.com/r/billiards/comments/eiol2i/my_birthday_gift/)
16-18% is pretty amazing, but obviously holding any coin for a year carries the risk of losing a lot more than 18%. If you're worried, just go with a stable coin. 10-12% is still really, really good.
CRO will be the token used on their new exchange that gives many benefits to holders, similar to BNB. Many shortsighted people didn't see any reason for BNB to go up from the ICO, but obviously it did.
hey i'm here for the downvotes
Yeah meat and cheese platters are delicious.
I'm imagining to switch riders on the horse, your family just walked over and picked you two up and swapped you.
Lip herpes can be spread to the genitals.
Tesla also invented the whole concept of saving somebody but most people don’t know that.
Stop trying to whitewash Edison. He was a horrible person.
We can’t see the whole picture but many times when you have such a small car you need to park at the front edge so people don’t think the spot is available and quickly turn in, possibly hitting your car.
I thought a Lotus was considered a rich person’s gocart?
I'm pretty sure it's so that the ball return mechanism can separate the cue ball from the other balls.
I think there's a few different methods to separate the cue ball.
Is spamming subreddits part of your business model? 🚨🚨**SCAM**🚨🚨
Love the colors!
Holy shit I can’t believe how much this gets reposted.
I think a better idea is for the car to drive itself to an area with free parking and wait until the owner summons the car
It’s easier for some people. I can play decently with my left hand, but I rarely do it. I can also write decently with my left hand and I’m sure if I practiced I could write just as good as I do with my right hand.
Dunno. I locked up stable coins and I’m getting a consistent return. Maybe it won’t last forever, but until then I’m happy to get a consistent return and not have to worry about bitcoin dumping or any of that shit.
I travel a lot and this has happened many times. They won’t budge on the price so I’ll just book through a service on my phone in their lobby. The total cost is less plus they have to pay the booking site, so they make so much less money. The only explanation I can think of is that the booking companies have some kind of exclusivity deal with the hotel?
I’m currently dealing with this with my wife. Please go easy on us!
I have a question so I’m hijacking your comment, sorry! My wife just had her first period about 1 year after having our baby (it’s our first). Does this mean her hormones were going crazy that whole year and maybe now they’ll start to calm down?
So her right hand is... up... there?
Some of us just really enjoy sucking on cow titties, ok?
I for one welcome our new overlords.
Imagine how frustrated you’d be if you were nearly running the table and then that tight corner screwed you up. It’s not worth it at all to me. I’d rather play on an 8 foot any day then on a 9 that doesn’t fit.
The only reason celebrities come to do an AMA is to promote something and nobody seems to mind.
Wow, I have a 1 year old and didn’t even know about breath holding spells. I’m glad I saw this post and researched it because if I hadn’t and it happened to my baby I would’ve absolutely freaked out. I’m sorry you went through this, but know that your experience is helping to educate other people. Thank you.
Yeah I'd usually agree with you but when he asked "What is a good pool cue for someone who is just getting into pool." it makes me think he's really new to the sport. If right away he gets his own cue, that will probably end up being his preference. Maybe he'll never know that he'd be better off with a few extra centimeters, or a bit extra weight, and just get used to playing with a cue that's too short and/or too light for him. I didn't get my own cue for quite a while and the house cues I played with were all different shapes and sizes. After a while I gravitated towards longer, heavier cues. I think if I had bought a cue right off the bat I would've just learned to play with that cue and not found out what my real preference was. I dunno, maybe I'm overthinking it :)
Lots of people plan a trip across America. If your goal is to see all of America, why go to Canada just because it's close? Do it later when you can spend some time there.
By the time you reached into the pocket, the shiv would already be embedded into the side of your neck.
Even a lot of my friends who have been a bit on the ropes about Trump seem pretty psyched about "sticking it to Iran".
Kinda wish I didn’t read the comments.
Newborns can go 5 days or even more without pooping and it's considered perfectly normal.
No, America doesn’t want to end violence.
Sorry, I don't want to post detailed information about myself on Reddit, but I'm a male and outside the water after about two practices I can hold my breath for over 3 minutes. Under the water, less than a minute. For me if I'm doing any physical exertion like swimming, the difference in time is huge.
Much safer. No chance for reproduction.
These pillars were the inspiration for the floating mountains in Avatar. &gt;According to park officials, photographs from Zhangjiajie inspired the floating Hallelujah Mountains seen in the film.[\[4\]](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Zhangjiajie_National_Forest_Park#cite_note-4)\[[*deprecated source*](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Wikipedia:Reliable_sources/Perennial_sources)\] The film's director and production designers said that they drew inspiration for the floating rocks from mountains from around the world, including those in Hunan province.[\[5\]](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Zhangjiajie_National_Forest_Park#cite_note-1o9speak-5)[\[6\]](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Zhangjiajie_National_Forest_Park#cite_note-6) [https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Zhangjiajie\_National\_Forest\_Park](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Zhangjiajie_National_Forest_Park)
That's a good analogy. Thanks
I think the garlic portions in recipes is what made me first venture into cooking things my own way. *One clove of garlic?!* You're out of your mind if you think I'm only putting one clove of garlic in this.
I agree, but I'm even talking about when people are asking for high-dollar cue recommendations.
How can he kill?
I try to act like that but people keep yelling at me and calling the police.
It's actually not odd, outside of America at least.
They just changed their name.
Because it's never "a few seconds". When I'm really hungry it takes like 5 fucking minutes before the food is able to be eaten without hashashashahasha'ing.
They love lamp
Oh shit
Al Hadath is reporting it was a misfired missile that downed the plane [https://twitter.com/alhadath/status/1214758196511985664?s=21](https://twitter.com/alhadath/status/1214758196511985664?s=21)
His cabinet probably drugged him so he couldn't turn this into World War 3.
We're all hoping and praying
Yeah it's got to have more meaning behind it. I don't even know if a company making wild claims like that is even legal.
His statement was branded by the company to use as an advertisement. You can’t make false claims about a product. It’s considered false advertising, which is illegal.
I think you missed the part where I agreed with you that there’s more meaning behind it and it probably doesn’t mean it really makes bank shots as easy as straight in shots. Anyway, making claims about a product giving you abilities that are not true is definitely illegal, but it probably wouldn’t apply in this case.
They're refusing to hand over the black box to the USA. They said they'll give it to other countries.
Is it really so hard to believe that for their photo they put on new, clean uniforms? Most people like to look their best when they're having a photo taken of them...
HotOrNot.com. It was fun posting different pictures and seeing how the rating differed between the two.
She's actually alone in the room.
His dismount was flawless
Can you check on his balls and get back to us?
Would there be any advantage to calling a safety in 9 ball?
I was hoping they’d shoot out like little pieces of confetti 🎉
Ah ok that makes sense, thanks. Seems like it would be a rare situation where you’d rather give your opponent ball in hand than accidentally pot a ball and have to keep shooting, right? Or in 9 ball if you call safe and accidentally pot a ball would it just chang to your opponents turn and not be ball in hand?
I used to get stung by land jellyfish every night! My brother felt so dumb when I told him peeing on me wasn’t really helping
Usually people pee on the jellyfish sting, but in this hilarious twist the lady is going to pee on the jellyfish!
That’s weird. I surf fished in California for years and never had that happen. I had one lady freak out when I said I eat fish from the California ocean. She thought they were too polluted to be edible.
Satisfactory
1. Buy artwork or medals or rings 2. Kill the artist/recipient 3. Profit
Did it smell like R. Kelly’s sheets?
He's going to be so devastated when he finds out :(
Yeah as far as that kid knows, his dad just bashed in the skull of his best friend and killed him. I couldn't imagine making my little daughter think I'm going to smash her face in if she doesn't take a bite.
I thought he says “looking for a come-up”
sssss
Oooh I didn’t notice the context. Yes it was a woosh
He kinda looks like Seth Rogan here.
Oh my god!! ^(Epstein was murdered)
Non-political? This is r/politics.
100,000 francs is about $102,815 USD.
Not taking away from this amazing and infamous runout, but Melling actually does trick shot exhibitions so he’s used to doing crazy shots like these. I can’t remember exactly what he said, but something like he can make that last 4 rail shot the majority of the time.
Just don’t play Chris Melling.
He’s related to Tarzan
Also (and no offense to the commenter above me) don’t take advice on Reddit without consulting a professional. You don’t want to get arrested for kidnapping.
If you and your baby are in a dangerous situation, simply throw the baby to a safe location.
Why are you having an argument about this?
You’re in luck. It’s not too late to get the mental help you need and become the awesome father your daughter wants and needs. You weren’t there for her before, but you can be now. Please seek help from a professional - depression is a trap but with the right help you can break free. She’s waiting for you.
This is an accurate depiction of climate change denial.
&gt;in the shape of a ~~hostile~~ aircraft
And how can you discover a new shape? Isn't the term "shape" pretty open ended? Like can I trim off one of the edges of that scutoid and say I've discovered a new shape?
And also you aren't a homophobe just cause you don't want the girl playing around with your butthole
"Black voters" are perfectly capable of looking at Sander's history and seeing he's been fighting for them for a long, long time.
It's both good and bad that the Democrats have integrity. The Republicans have no integrity whatsoever, and so they have a huge advantage.
Just a heads up, for only a little bit more money ($319) you can get a Rob Allen Scorpia 110 speargun. Says they have 2 left in stock. The sale ends in about a day. [https://spearfishing.com.au/collections/rob-allen/products/rob-allen-scorpia-speargun-90cm-110cm](https://spearfishing.com.au/collections/rob-allen/products/rob-allen-scorpia-speargun-90cm-110cm). They have other sizes too for the same price, but with Australian water (decent to great vis) I think a 110 would be a good gun.
Found another site with the same price [http://www.extremespearfishing.com.au/p/8679689/rob-allen-scorpia-railgun.html](http://www.extremespearfishing.com.au/p/8679689/rob-allen-scorpia-railgun.html)
No problem, Rob Allen guns are some of the best there are. But yeah, you'd have to purchase those extras. Most guns don't come with a reel or line. Hopefully some other people can give you some better recommendations that won't break the bank even with accessories like a reel.
My daughter freaks the fuck out if I even try to get a booger out of her nose. I'm jealous of how easygoing this kid is.
He says it broke "perfectly in half" but at the top the crack slants slightly to the left. This shouldn't bother me but it does.
I know you're right but I can only see carrots
But shit it was 99 cents!
Maybe it's this same kid [https://www.reddit.com/r/WTF/comments/emqmgw/poor\_mickey/](https://www.reddit.com/r/WTF/comments/emqmgw/poor_mickey/)
By the way just wanted to add something because you said "Would I have to purchase any add-ons such as a reel &amp; line?" You don't HAVE to purchase any of those unless you want them. The gun will work perfectly fine without a reel. Personally I prefer to have a reel, but many people don't use them. The gun is just the beginning :) Once you're getting into the sport you'll start realizing what things you want/need. My float ([https://www.spearoworld.com/shop/big-catch-system/hard-float-rob-allen/](https://www.spearoworld.com/shop/big-catch-system/hard-float-rob-allen/)) and steel stringer ([https://www.makospearguns.com/Stainless-Steel-Hoop-of-Death-p/mssh.htm](https://www.makospearguns.com/Stainless-Steel-Hoop-of-Death-p/mssh.htm)) have been invaluable. I like that Rob Allen hard float since it's a low profile and easily glides through the water and isn't too bulky so it's easy to transport. The stringer clips easy to it. In Australia you might need a different setup since you have sharks there.
Fuck you I want this
Yeah if he's not drunk and still acting like this he needs to be institutionalized
The crack is right down the middle and we're looking straight down. If it was because of the perspective then the bottom would be curved too, but it's not.
I dunno, [it looks like it's not perfect...](https://i.imgur.com/jUtcuiM.jpg)
Come on. Earl has opened himself up to all of the criticism he receives. In these videos he's going on about how he's the best athlete in the world. He calls Johnny Archer a disgrace to the game or something like that. Sorry, but I'm not holding back a damn thing for Earl. Yeah, he has praised Efren, but I also clearly remember Efren beating him and Earl telling Efren "you got lucky". (Then Efren tells him "how can you win if you don't make any balls?" lol) Earl is the epitome of unsportsmanlike behavior. Sure, confidence is a thing, but this goes beyond that. This is narcissism. This is him in this made up world of his where's he's king. Most likely he was putting on a show for the audience, but I'm going off what I saw in the video and what I saw was a rambling lunatic. It was hilarious. Some commenters said he should get a reality TV show. I wholeheartedly agree.
I actually live in Thailand but it can be hard to find authentic recipes in a proper English translation. On a quick inspection it looks pretty darn good. Your wife obviously put a lot of time into this. (But what is the stir fried macaroni? I’ve never seen that before.) Thanks!
As a new parent trying to figure out how to do the best I can, I'm conflicted on this. Isn't this rewarding the kid for lying? And teaching him that lying will get him what he wants? It seems like the better approach could be to say you know he's not really sick and ask him what's wrong, and then say he can have the day off because he deserves it.
Yeah I can see why they'd let it slide, but I think personally I'd still let him know lying is not OK. I'd want him to know he can always tell me the truth, especially when he needs a "mental health day".
omg rip
This reminds me of something funny my 1 year old daughter did. I showed her the "got your nose" trick for the first time a couple weeks ago. I did it to myself. She looked at me confused for a few seconds then grabbed my nose and tried to pull it off and eat it.
I like that approach. I think that's probably what I'll do. Just curious, how many "days off" did your kids end up asking for? Would they ever ask for more than you were comfortable giving?
Can anyone explain what that anime snot bubble means? I see it a lot and it's so weird to me.
I live in Thailand and you'll see lots of shops in tourist areas have tip jars. Like some shops that have no business having tip jars have them, like even the 7-11. But the thing is, Thai people don't usually tip. They put the tip jars there cause if a stupid foreigner wants to give them free money, they'll fucking take it. I think having your cash app in your bio is kinda the same thing.
Signing out/in and reauthorizing my computer worked for me. Thanks!
That’s true you should always keep the opponent’s shot in mind if you miss, but many times trying to get the ball in a safe spot requires a lot more work than not, which increases the chance of missing. So sometimes it’s best to decrease the risk of missing but increase the risk of leaving a shot for your opponent.
I laughed tho
It seems wrong to force them into a different division, but I get where you're coming from. I think the best thing is to have a blanket rule where you must be in the division of the gender you were born with. Obviously situations like the one you described will come up, but if he was born a woman then it should be fair game. Although, could male hormones be considered performance enhancing drugs and therefore disqualify this person from competing?
You don't think an activity that is governed by a strict set of rules should have a law governing it? That makes a lot of sense.
It's funny when you start doing that and you're playing with people who aren't so good. I've had people comment about how lucky I am that they aren't getting any easy shots after I miss. I just laugh and agree with them :)
karma farming for sure, but i don't think it's a bot
I was really broke before and I heard so much about people karma farming so they can sell their account, so I looked into selling my account. It didn't look like a big market at all. I found like 2 sites that sold accounts and my account had almost as much karma as the top accounts they were selling so I emailed them and they never replied. I think maybe the karma farming thing is marketing agencies keeping the accounts on hand for their clients or something, rather than some market where accounts and bought and sold.
Then you start thinking about it and your throat starts itching
From what I understand, those with the most karma get first pick at the cooler animals when they’re reincarnated
Yeah she is
Yeah but if they made it easier and shorter then the person would get the recipe faster so then the next person could get on the site
I miss the good old days when you could just add random keywords to the bottom of your page that were the same color as the background so you couldn’t see them.
Earl “The Girl” Strickland
Efren’s nickname is both Bata (means kid) and The Magician.
Jimmy “The Whirlwind” White
I just Googled it and turns out Melling has the same nickname as Efren. That’s pretty cool and fitting after his infamous runout.
The BRAT is a beautiful car.
There’s a huge fucking difference between normal people taking write offs and credits and rich assholes moving their money overseas so they can’t be taxed on it.
Because the former is what many families depend on to have a livable income. The later is what assholes do who don’t want to pay their share.
This guy yurts
“Uh oh, we accidentally broke that little bone and now it’s not gonna look like a suicide”
Previously when they were inside you.
WHERE DID MY MANBUN GO?!?!
Libertarians are delusional.
Jessica Rabbit will always have a special place in my heart ❤️
I think this happened with Florida in general.
If a pulsar is a repeating signal originating from a galaxy 500 million light years away, then yeah they found it.
Yeah there was some writing prompt like this.
I hope people never forget which assholes took advantage of this disaster.
If you're really confused, turn on your sound.
No, it’s frankincense
People honk in Thailand a lot to let other people know they’re passing them at speed. It’s mostly when a car is driving really fast and there’s a slower motorbike driving on the side. It’s just a very quick single or double one, nothing that translates to “fuck you”, just to let the motorbike know he’s coming and not to make any sudden movements.
It’s got electrolytes in it
Unidentified Slavik Object
I need a lake for scale
Every time this is reposted this is the top comment.
I am a. Michael. Bolton. Fan. I celebrate his entire catalogue.
Yes, it’s good to get that donation. But this made headlines because it highlights his obscene wealth and how little of it he uses to make the world a better place. Edit: A little late, but turns out Bezos is a huge philanthropist.
Sounded like you were describing John Wick there for a second.
Tell ya what we’ll throw in another 2 sick days a year.
I know onion tears are normal, but is it normal for your eyes to not even be able to open? I have to get my wife to cut the onions usually because I can't even see after starting to cut them.
You'd definitely lose Oregon Trail if you got that
No this is a still from the new Lord of the Rings. The elves did some upgrades to Rivendell.
Maybe they have a choice? "If you want the XL size, we need to cut off 1/3 of your leg."
I mean... it's nice having a dick and all. I can wave it around and draw with my piss. But this is not worth it at all.
LOL I think the bot got caught in an infinite loop
You're Tearing Me Apart, Brother!
I don't know how to say Nguyen and at this point I'm too afraid to ask how. ^(Please tell me how)
Definitely staged. Still funny.
For me it's more like "Oh, you watched a video about carpentry once? I'm going to constantly recommend carpentry videos for you for the next year!"
Them: "Here kitty kitty kitty! Here kitty kitty!" Kitty: "GIVE ME LIBERTY OR GIVE ME DEEEAAAATTTTTHHHHHHH!!!!!"
&gt;So you can throw them out of aircraft K thanks
Are you saying that putting away $20,000 per year for 40 years is not difficult?
I’m gonna try writing off a private jet even though I don’t have one.
Just pull yourself up by your bootstraps and buy that $750,000 starter home! /s
Yeah there's a drop shadow behind the butterfly that goes across the cats nose AND the background. It's like they weren't even trying.
This photo is almost 60 years old. Bernie Sanders didn't become a millionaire until 2016 and only because he had a successful book. He had everything to lose by protesting segregation, but he still did it. When you're not being bribed by corporate interests you can't become filthy rich as a senator.
Even if you weren’t aiming with your dominant eye, but were consistent with it, you’d naturally start compensating for it since the ball isn’t going in the hole. Even people with poor form can learn to play very well, because your body just learns to adjust so that the ball goes where it needs to. I can see how not using your dominant eye could severely mess up your game if you’re constantly changing your line of sight, but if you’re consistent with your non-dominant eye you should still be making shots. Only making 1 out of 15 tells me your routine is not consistent at all, and paying attention to your dominant eye probably forced you to be consistent. I think the lack of consistency in stance and aim was the issue, or that your body’s position while using your non-dominant eye was causing you to put unintended spin on the ball. But whatever it was, you found a routine that’s obviously working for you now, so I’d say stick with that :)
The way it should work is innovations become standard because they’re BETTER, not because you’re forced to use/buy them. Headphone jacks work great.
You think motorcycles should be illegal? I’m glad your opinion doesn’t matter.
You could say the same thing about cars or bicycles. Doesn't mean any of those should be illegal. It's ridiculous to say motorcycles should be illegal.
I'm pretty sure politicians also think you're crazy.
Send it back. If you didn't accidentally get it wet or something then you got a defective cue.
Thanks. I didn't graduate from the school for children who can't read good.
And so shall it ever be.
You know we’re putting covers on all the TPS reports, right? Did you get the memo?
Reality is not their strong point.
"used to" i'm assuming you ate it all?
Even a shaft with only a tiny bit of warp can put unwanted spin on the ball
Aren't you afraid signing people up to vote is useless if they're just going to tamper with the results?
Oh yeah that's probably something I should've included :) I think I've had them about a year. They've been refrigerated the whole time.
I didn't say anybody should stand back and do nothing.
Yeah everything is fine with them except for the texture. Plus the jalapeños have all been submerged in the brine the whole time.
Not Gary tho
Thanks. I believe that `domPDF` uses webkit engine. Is that the same as what Chromium uses? My main complaint with `domPDF` is it's not a very active project. And my main issue with `wkhtmltopdf` is that it needs to be installed on the server, so I can't use it on my hosting.
Oh interesting. I always thought domPDF used the webkit engine. Thanks
I don't think you have a choice.
Depends where you'll be spearing. Some places you'll get world-class spearfishing right off the sand. Other places you're lucky to even see a fish larger than your hand. Most places you can have some decent spearfishing from the shore, but from the shore visibility is usually an issue.
I didn't even think it was possible to make a creepy looking ghost fish without looking cheesy, but this is pretty damn creepy. Nice one.
So you could go to the gas station and buy a liter of this stuff and add koolaid to it and have some cheap ass alcohol to drink?
Those are all myths but he really does shoot bolts of lighting from his arse
He needs to be wearing a shirt with a no smoking sign
Honestly I don't know exactly what the main factor is, but I know storms offshore are a big part. If there's big waves and choppy water obviously that'll stir things up, but I've been out when the water wasn't calm at all and the visibility wasn't any worse than normal. I've also been out on days where the water is super calm and the visibility sucks and there hadn't been any wind or anything for days. I think it might have a lot to do with currents. Hopefully someone else will have some more solid info.
Thanks. I guess I'll put on the max number of weights I think I'll use, then measure a solid fistfull of belt to keep plus some extra and trim off the rest. Right now it's just ridiculously long.
What's different with this one and the current one? It sounds the same to me.
ONE STOCK AND A HOTDOG COMING RIGHT UP!
So in other words if you’re a huge douchebag you’ll love it.
I’ll give you 5 bucks if you lick it
Well, there’s probably no photos of him reading a book.
Just because these servers could contain information that relates to elections does not mean that was their intent. In fact, much of the information you listed is already available by google searches. The only point you have that makes sense is using the data they obtain for phishing, but that could apply to anything, not only elections. They were attacking municipalities so the possibilities are endless, and in my opinion that is even scarier than elections.
It’s just an experiment bro
I mean, I got someone in my family who's buff. when we hang out he's always got other buff dudes complimenting his body. don't think i've seen a girl compliment him yet but a lot of girls definitely are into it.
i like bruterscotch
It’s just a sentient wax lip
And conservatives try to say the rich just use tactics available to everyone to avoid paying taxes. Yeah I’m gonna come at the IRS with a business plan so I can avoid paying my $2,000 in back taxes. I’m sure that’s gonna work.
Good to hear, thanks! I didn’t see any libraries or anything that were actively maintained. Is the history api just so simple that it’s not really necessary anymore?
Thanks for the info!
IDs should be unique. You cannot assign the same ID to multiple elements. Change `&lt;li id="item"&gt;` to `&lt;li&gt;` and change `$('#item').draggable();` to `$('#list-in-list &gt; li').draggable();`. The way you're embedding the &lt;ul&gt; inside the other &lt;ul&gt; is also strange. I don't think that's valid. You would normally put the second-level &lt;ul&gt; inside the &lt;li&gt; tag, not inside the &lt;ul&gt;.
Anyone here remember Ill Mitch?
I feel like birthday parties at these young ages are just excuses for the parents to have a party :) I also feel it’s totally deserved if that’s what they want.
I was thinking it but you just came out and said it
I was wondering if someone was gonna say something. Looks like a chess piece.
First a comment about your code. You're mixing straight JavaScript selectors with jQuery. Since you're already loading jQuery, just use jQuery's simpler syntax, e.g. `$('.imageGalerie')` instead of `document.getElementsByClassName('imageGalerie')`. Now, to make your code reusable, first change your ID to a class. IDs should not be used in HTML that will be repeated. Wrap your gallery in a div with a class, something like `&lt;div class="galerie"&gt;...&lt;/div&gt;`. Now you can do something like this with your JavaScript: $('.galerie').each(function(){ var imageGalerie = $('.imageGalerie',this), imageGrand = $('.imageGrand',this); // Notice "imageGrand" is now a class, not an ID imageGalerie.click(function(e){ $(this).siblings().css('border', ''); // Remove border on siblings $(this).css('border', '2x solid black'); imageGrand.attr('src', this.src).hide().fadeIn(500); }); });
“What if we just set aside some days each year to at least learn about the history of black Americans?” “Oh my god that’s racist!”
They got on an airplane and flew to the USA at the company's request. I think trust had already been established at this point.
Naive, innocent little me's first thought was maybe they wanted to leave their criminal pasts behind and turn their lives around.
What about the narrative that the US knew about the missile attack hours in advance?
Are you planning to continue using the shaft? If you don't plan to use it anymore then I'd call up a sports memorabilia shop and ask them what the preferred way to protect it is.
[https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XnHZKDS-9FY](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XnHZKDS-9FY)
Sending thoughts and prayers
Fascinating
Put yourself in his shoes. Maybe he sees your child and his grandchild as a way for you two to finally bond. Let him be affectionate towards his new grandchild. And come on, you’re getting jealous because of “paw paw”? You’ve obviously got some issues with this guy. Possibly from your teenage years when he was trying to act like your dad and you didn’t like it? I dunno, just sounds like a stupid thing to get jealous over with your stepfather.
Yeah that’s definitely a problem then. My stepdad treats my daughter as his real granddaughter and to me that means everything. If he didn’t we’d have some big issues.
Needs more unsupervised children
`$` is just a variable. In JavaScript a dollar sign is a valid variable name. For example `var $ = 'hello';` is valid too. jQuery uses `$` as the name of its main function name since it's short and looks like a "system" command of sorts. (Actually, the main function name is `jQuery` and `$` is basically just an alias. You can usually use both `jQuery()` and `$()` interchangeably, but sometimes another library is loaded which also uses `$` and in that case you should use `jQuery`.) So when you're doing stuff with jQuery, like `$('.element').hide()` what you're really doing is calling the `$` function with one parameter: the string `'.element'`. That function does a bunch of fancy jQuery stuff, then returns a jQuery object. In JavaScript you can chain functions together, so after the `$` function runs, it returns a jQuery object and then the jQuery object's `hide()` method is called.
This would only be true if you discarded the glass at the shoreline where waves and sand would break up the glass. Anywhere else and it just sits on the bottom.
I see a breadstick...
Maybe he was bred specifically for his nose.
getElementsByClassName returns an HTMLCollection, not an element. So you’re trying to add an event listener onto an HTMLCollection. An HTMLCollection is like an array, so just iterate through it and assign the event listener to each element in the collection.
Does that change anything?
Yeah well I just made the world record shot in a sport I just invented. It's never been done before and it will never be done again. And I've just decided to retire.
Wait wait wait, do you mean he had never played snooker prior to joining the championship, but his federation asked him to join? And then he won the championship?
Oh shut up. The saltiness of the snooker players in here is amusing.
Not being able to talk about how you feel is just one part of this problem. It’s not even close to being the whole problem.
Years ago I had a new BMW and didn’t spend a cent on it. They had an awesome warranty that covered EVERYTHING, even oil changes, replacing headlights, wiper fluid, etc. And you could take it to their service center whenever you wanted. A bit after the warranty was done I sold it. I was looking at lots of different cars, but BMW was the only with that good of a warranty. If I would’ve kept it after the warranty expired I’m sure it would’ve started getting expensive.
Did it ever occur to you that some people like playing pool more than snooker?
Isn't it just in the EU where it's the law to ask about cookies?
I remember back when the law first took affect most web developers were doing simple location checks to only show the notice to EU users. Maybe now they’re just showing it for everyone.
Momma been telling you stories again?
Thoughts and prayers
I like to imagine what it would sound like standing there staring at those things.
I think he means people will now travel to Illinois to buy insulin, causing a shortage.
Better to have a drop in revenue than a virus outbreak.
Please make sure to teach him it’s not these “things” that make him cool, it’s him. My older brother was always modifying himself to try to be cool, but looking back it was obvious he had confidence issues.
This looks so fake
If he wants any sort of sympathy from me, he can begin using this tragedy to teach people about proper gun safety, how his accident could’ve been avoided, and why not everyone should own a gun.
And maybe don’t wrestle with your kid while wearing a loaded and active firearm? This wasn’t about not having gun locks or keeping them in safes. This guy is a fucking imbecile and he killed his kid.
My dad used to keep his gun in a boot in his closet. My older brother used to play with it when my dad wasn’t home. One time he even pointed it at me. Me and my brother are very, very lucky to be alive.
“fire” He was telling someone who had no authority on her employment to “get rid of her”. This was not an order to fire her, it was an order to get rid of her.
Man you're doing things right! Congrats on the amazing catch and potential world record!
As far as I know it should write it out first, but it may be that the browser pauses rendering of the page as soon as the alert is encountered, and it didn't refresh yet from the document.write. I'm just guessing here though. Did you try in different browsers? The behavior may be different in different browsers.
I’m just gonna accept that as fact.
Buncha right blue cunts (Did I do that right? I’m not Australian)
Probably don’t enter any spelling bees :) Congrats on 1st place!!
This is basically it. They know he’s famous and assume it’s because he’s some type of real or fictional hero.
I think this might be a repost
Hey its me ur poverty
What do you talk about though after like a minute of talking about your beard? Maybe at that point they just stop talking and start feeling each other’s beards?
And don’t forget when it was her turn to be sick she went to the best hospitals. She really was a horrible person.
Seriously, fuck anyone who supports this shit.
Stop being ignorant. It was nothing like it is now under Obama.
When they needed to process people here illegally, it was sometimes necessary to separate the family temporarily. Keyword here being temporarily, which is what happened under Obama. Which is completely different than what’s going on under Trump.
The aliens are currently shoving a space-age chemical analysis instrument up a rural Kansas farmer’s asshole. Afterwards they plan to molest a cow. But I’ll leave them a note that you said you’re sorry.
I think the addiction was already there. It wasn’t even about making more money, it was about winning.
(Some people really should quit though. Like seriously enough is enough)
It depends on what their license allows. Some licenses allow you to use the watermarked image for personal use, some allow you to use it for design mockups for commercial work. I’m not going to read through their entire agreement, I just wanted to point out that just because it has a watermark doesn’t mean it’s ok to use and doesn’t mean you can’t use it.
Are you challenging me?
And then their lobbyists make sure no other choices are available.
Grammar people are ridiculous. Like you really can’t figure this one out? Come on...
And she posts a lot. I'm definitely subscribing
This is awesome. Why don't you post it over at r/VaporwaveAesthetics too?
Awesome. I love the realistic distortion from the water
If someone told me this was the official video I’d believe it.
Yeah the dad was so confused. Your immediate reaction to hearing such a sweet voice is to say "Come here sweetheart, it'll be OK"
They even infected themselves with syphilis and beat up a hooker. You gotta love their commitment to the period.
I found an article about it [https://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/2018/05/11/cheetahs-chase-french-family-leave-car-safari/](https://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/2018/05/11/cheetahs-chase-french-family-leave-car-safari/) &gt;Dutch news website VK Mag suggested introducing “mandatory IQ tests” for anyone wanting to do the safari.
I hope the game warden took it to a marine research place.
Your first statement was true, the last one not so much. The overwhelming scientific consensus is that hurricanes, floods, etc. are indeed increasing and it's due to human-caused global warming.
Which other one?! Like which website was it uploaded to? The exact website so I can avoid it...
I think it's just people who suck at spelling
Just because a very small number of fringe scientists say otherwise does not mean there's not a huge majority of those who agree.
Also remember a 3 year old's vocabulary is extremely limited. If she misses her mom and would prefer to be with her at that moment, it might come out as "I don't like you." Like other people have said, put on a happy face and try not to take it personally.
Well, in Southeast Asia where I live, many many people definitely do not realize it.
70%... what fucking world do you live in?
This is cute but I'd be so scared the rhino would decide the scritches will continue indefinitely and would starts getting aggressive if I try to stop. Like when you try to stop scritching your cat and it claws you and pulls you back in. That's kinda cute, but I dunno about this rhino doing that...
It's kind of a code of conduct to not disturb the wildlife you're photographing, even if the animal might die, but it's not some law. However, I guarantee a lot of professional photographers meddle quite a bit and don't tell anyone.
Depends how much lower that guy puts his hand
Yeah that's a beast!
Alcohol does kill many viruses, so I think it would help.
Nah he's still pretty fuckin good
And a towel
Nah he's just Russian. I bet he was really happy
Yellows for sure
Oh yeah body spray is a good idea
Enough to give every single person on Earth $27.04.
Are any of the mini pool tables decent quality? Lots of professional athletes started with mini versions of the thing they became professionals at.
What do you mean “just above the body I have it linked”? Put your script tag just before the closing &lt;/body&gt; and see if that fixes it.
How is this a half truth? The fucking thing fell down. You think contractors have never encountered wind before? This should not happen. Some said the winds were "high winds"... ok... the fence has gaps between the bars so it's not even catching much wind. This was a failure by the construction company.
&gt;and presented as though it was fully installed LOL. Do you see the 50 foot gaps between the fence sections? How is this being presented as fully installed?!
So what you're saying is that it's normal for fences that are under construction to just fall over when the wind blows? That's somehow above the skill level of government contractors? I think the most logical explanation is this project is being rushed to have something to brag about during the elections.
Wait, what? Who said I was karma farming? I think you've mistaken me for someone else. Anyways, the title says, "The border wall that Trump is building just fell down because of the mild wind". Perhaps the winds were high winds, I'll give you that. But nothing else about the title is incorrect or even misleading.
Yeah people will jump on this to further support whichever side they’re on, but still I don’t think OP was being misleading. Maybe if he had said the wall that Trump had “built” instead of “building”, but the words used actually can even imply it’s not done.
I did try to reverse search the image and all the sites it's on are Spanish language sites. There's a chance it's not even a current photo of Trump's wall. Who knows. Both sides are susceptible to fake news, however I still don't think the title was implying the wall was finished.
Fuck Susan G Komen
Is that in Southeast Asia?
Dude it’s basically common knowledge
By truthy or falsy he means something that is equivalent to true or false. “ABC” would equate to true. “” would equate to false.
If you’re just doing it to learn and have fun, then yeah go for it. But for a real store you would need something running on the backend that the JavaScript communicates with.
That’s a 0.647% increase.
Mark Zuckerberg = Convicted Pedophile
All the highest rated news stations are saying it!
That mother fucker... I should've read the comments before giving an award Edit: Wait, are you being sarcastic? His account looks pretty genuine
Does it really matter if it's capped when the amount you trade just gets smaller and smaller? There's an infinite number of decimals, you will never run out of Bitcoin unless people buy all of it and stop trading it.
If we were heading towards a shortage of bitcoin it's not hard for exchanges to add more decimals. We will never run out of bitcoin.
There's absolutely no proof this guy is an FBI agent. The rumor started because dumb people think him asking the officers for their ID means he has some type of authority over them. Anybody can ask an officer for their identification details.
Pretty fucking sure the Nazi is the lowest scum in this photo. He deserved to get his ass knocked out, and the Nazis before him deserved the American bullets we put through their heads.
I think in most cases the “hot” that people are hearing is the steam affecting the sound.
He was perfectly capable of joining a white supremacist rally and doing a Hitler solute. He knew exactly what he was doing. Fuck him and fuck anyone sympathizing with him.
From what I’ve seen, it was from a Unite The Right rally a few years ago. Not sure if it’s true and don’t care to check because it doesn’t change anything for me.
I play noticeably better when I’ve had a little to drink.
It’s a good joke but most people don’t know sign language :)
This is really cool, but that blue water and the greenish/gloomy outside look weird together. [I adjusted the color of the water and I think it looks more natural.](https://i.imgur.com/tX0NzPi.jpg)
TO THE MOOOO.... oh fuck
I heard someone say, and this is somebody I trust very much, that Donald J. Trump is a pedophile.
He looks like one of the kids in the Russian all ages nightclub video that made the front page a while back
This Bishop is exactly the type of Christian who needs to have a voice. Not these Trump-loving shitstains that are posing as Christians.
I keep expecting to see the Nirvana baby when I look at this
I’ve heard it said that Bill Barr is a notorious pedophile who preys on young boys.
If it wasn’t for my horse I wouldn’t have spent that year in college.
I guess we should just repeat the stuff that was said the last time it was posted. Something something chewing gum something something Burberry Seriously though this is one of my favorite covers ever.
I think it fits perfectly with thalassophobia. &gt; Thalassophobia can include fear of being in deep bodies of water, fear of the vast emptiness of the sea, of sea waves, sea creatures, and fear of distance from land.
My thalassophobia is triggered by being able to see big creatures in clear, shallow water, so this definitely does it for me.
Haven't you seen him do that thing where he sticks his big old maternity nipples through the holes in his hands?
You think a guy wearing high heals in Russia thinks he’s invincible? I don’t. A lot of people who are “different” fully understand they might get their ass kicked, but they keep at it. It wouldn’t be the first time and it definitely won’t be the last.
Do we know the total amount of bitcoin Grayscale holds?
Brb coding an operating system
Interesting, thanks
The actual reason is that you can’t give money to the church if you’re dead.
It’s not impossible to have actual remorse later on.
&gt;If this happens, not all your contribution will converted to the discounted asset. Does that mean the CRO you allocate gets converted to the other coin? So if you allocate CRO, you don't get that back?
If you want Wall Street to kill crypto it’s the way to go.
It’s easy. I made $800 million off one post
Hey it’s me ur black dude
I got banned from BlackPeopleTwitter for calling out racism against white people. I don’t care what race it’s about, if I see racism I’m gonna call it out.
Altcoins will get murdered if bitcoin dumps hard.
There were at least 3 other sharks that they edited out.
[I took a screenshot of the little fish just for you.](https://i.imgur.com/LhanAFN.jpg)
Are those two things actually its eyes?
No it's shady as hell. They should not be autofilling referral links.
I get it, and you're right, but this is really not something I want to normalize.
We're talking about browsers autofilling with their own referral links.
My favorite is the ones with the Cambodian (I think) girls who eat like snakes and frogs and rats and stuff and wear revealing clothing.
I have no idea what the name of the channel was. Every few months or so YouTube decides to start recommending them to me again. I watch them of course so I can warn others not to watch it.
I can’t even call my signature “cursive”. It’s more like “tourettes”.
[https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Buskin](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Buskin)
That was pretty fucking awesome!
And we're back, idiot!
Alcohol is free? As many as you want?
It’s tarnishing the whole movement. The right is using this “abolish the police” thing as a way to discredit everything.
This movement has accomplished so much and still can do much more, but this “defund the police” idiocy is really hurting it.
I have my social # memorized... until someone on the phone asks for it.
If you're Atlas that means this fish is about 300 miles long.
Suddenly that 500 MCO card is looking real appetizing.
More testing is definitely required
A cow licked it while she was sleeping
Yep, making fun of yourself, to me, is a sign that you can take it and it’s fair game for others to joke as well. The only issue I have with people trying to join in is that usually they’re not really funny and then then I have to pretend they’re funny cause if I don’t they think they hurt my feelings and then it gets awkward.
So a Marine unit is using the Nazi SS logo? What the actual fuck?
I agree to go larger if you can. 7 foot is pretty small.
Think about what they've done since they created MCO. They've created lending products, interest-earning products, their own freaking exchange for god sakes... This is NOT the same company that created MCO. They are bigger, and much better. The only reason they're not phasing out MCO is to show good-faith to the original people who supported the company. In my opinion they shouldn't even have an MCO token any longer. CRO is much better suited to the company they've become.
MCO is unnecessary and at a certain point it becomes a bad business decision to keep MCO just to appease a few early investors. It’s off brand and just creates tension with these MCO holders who think they’re owed something. Did these early investors only own MCO and no other tokens? Were they dedicated only to MCO? Most had many different tokens. Are the other ICOs beholden to the people who bought their tokens? Absolutely not. Like I said, they’re doing this in good faith and that is all. CRO could easily replace MCO with nothing else needing to change. MCO is not needed anymore and if you guys keep making drama they’ll cut you off sooner than later.
MCO investors bought the tokens hoping they would increase in value, that’s all. Quit pretending you’re shareholders or something.
Making another coin was necessary with where their business was heading.
Remember when people used to claim that protesting didn’t do anything? LOL
Is this picture really the best example? Dogs are frequently priced differently depending on their colors.
I only get weekends so if I take Saturday off to prepare and then Sunday to unwind, that leaves me about 5 seconds for traveling.
I dunno, that would mean I have control of my life.
The memory of losing $5m worth of Bitcoin.
It's a weird "skill" then. I used to be so good at it even though I never tried. And now that I try I'm so bad at it.
Cause he thinks he’s about to get some butt lovin’
I’m pretty sure it said a higher number before but they changed it. Maybe some weird legal stuff.
I mean, it’s weird when you look at a single photo, but many families kiss each other. It really isn’t that weird.
I was like “Hah I’m not going to fall for that!” so I clicked the 2nd row.
Not me or my family (we kiss on the cheeks) but many of my friend’s families kiss each other on the lips. It’s not at all uncommon.
You’ve obviously never traveled to different countries.
It makes perfect sense to me and my uncle
I dunno. Look at this comment: &gt;You think that’s funny bro because it in I suffered years of abuse from my uncle and it’s not something to take lightly brother anyways he touched my dick quite a bit brother and I did not like it. Usually the balls were touch softly with the tongue not in a good way even hide that from my mom and suck on my dick with my brother watching I think he's just trolling
Don't worry, it can just pull itself up by its bootstraps.
You’re lucky to be alive
Hard to be sure on my small phone, but it looks like you jumped over the 9? That was awesome!
That's really cool!
Thanks. This post needs a "misleading title" tag.
What would you do if you were faced with the decision to stay on a sinking ship (that nobody knew wouldn't sink) or board life boats? Many people's lives have been saved by tiny life boats in severe storms.
I hadn't seen it until now and it made me laugh. Stop being selfish.
You mean like a human centipede type dealio?
The title literally says “the code that she wrote by hand”.
He doesn’t claim to have written the code by hand.
I think that's one of the easiest things to say 10 times fast.
Just search for "big titty goth girl". It's not her, but they all look kinda similar.
Vote for Rita and all your wildest dreams will come true.
A lot of important stuff never makes it to the front page because it doesn't look good for liberals. I'm a liberal myself and made the mistake of assuming everything that's important will make its way to the front page. I've been embarrassed on multiple occasions for being oblivious to certain news stories that conservatives were drooling over.
“I look retarded”
I always thought the statue of Robert E. Lee would be smaller, since all the conservatives were claiming it’s simply to remember history. This thing is fucking massive and makes him look like some deity. This “shrine” needs to be tore the fuck down.
I got “meaner and meaner” once they started locking innocent children in cages. He’s a disgusting person and the opposite of everything Jesus taught.
Because he was/is.
We’re talking about having a likable demeanor and personality. If you want to talk about shitty things that have happened under presidents, we could do that for each and every president of the USA.
Yes, just like how children of anybody who is detained must be held temporarily. You don't just send children out on their own. Are you so dense and biased that you can't see the difference between temporarily holding children while the parents are processed, and indefinitely separating children from their parents in prison-like conditions?
Boy, you dumb.
Exactly! When you're unable to differentiate temporary detention from indefinite detention, that's the level I must go to.
“Trump pooped himself again.”
Imagine her doing a Gwyneth Paltrow style vagina steaming in the bathroom and you opening the door and a thick cloud of rotten vagina steam engulfs you.
I hope it's a testicle.
So many bodybuilders eat nasty, boring food. But not because they have to. Like, you can add a pinch of salt and pepper to your chicken. I think having it be plain and boring makes them think of it as fuel instead of food, or something dumb like that.
It's much easier to get divorced when you don't have to worry about money.
Now imagine taking 1,000,000 big fish from the population. I'm looking at you, commercial fishing companies. They're literally decimating our seas. People love to shit on fishermen taking some fish, or spearfishermen who shoot some fish to eat, but ignore these massive companies raping the fish populations of our oceans. It's disgusting.
Just to clarify though, if Gordon Ramsey calls you a donkey, he's not saying you evaluate situations carefully. He's saying you're a moron.
(Unless you're killing lionfish in the USA...)
Another astronaut said it’s basically exactly what you’ve already seen in the pictures. There was no “awakening”. It was just... meh. He said it was cool for sure, but nothing like some people had described.
That's the point. It's nearly impossible to pull it off, but he did it.
Agent orange
So what you're saying is that it's 100% confirmed that Trump was showered in piss by Russian hookers?
My theory is Trump actually got infected with coronavirus, so the administration hired that [Spanish potato farmer woman](https://uk.news.yahoo.com/woman-looks-trump-goes-viral-120031605.html) to stand in for him for a couple weeks while he stayed in bed.
He looks like he's in the process of pooing his pants.
The same thing protecting that idiot in his racist cosplay outfit also protects the patriotic dude flipping him off. If that fat fuck touches the guy he'll have a massive lawsuit coming his way.
Bless you sir
You think about pooping on little girl's faces?
It's a reporter asking. They don't ask questions just because they want to know. They ask questions because they think the answer will be entertaining.
One time I was chopping vegetable and the knife attacked me.
Those Alaskan bounce bears are scary as hell.
They kinda look like Thai fisherman pants.
It’s easier and still exciting. Kind of like a strip club.
It takes quite a long time for him to type anything out, so yeah it was definitely scripted.
Leave your handicapped brother out of this
And then slide your hand up their legs and say “just relax”
Ok sure, but what about people who use parachutes? I mean how can you not hate them?
The humphead wrasse is an [endangered species](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Humphead_wrasse#Conservation).
Make sure he’s not John Wick first
Let’s say your insurance won’t cover something like this... any idea what it would cost?
Awesome, that’s not nearly as expensive as I thought.
I was watching a YouTube video with Justin Bergman playing and was surprised to see him using plain old blue Master chalk.
Are you the camera guy?
Brb getting some kfc
That's weird you're having trouble seeing a simple shot like the 2nd picture you linked to even after 20 years experience. I haven't been playing for nearly that long, but I've practiced visualizing the angle both from up above and down on the shot and can pretty consistently make shots like that. The main thing I've found that screws up my shot is not following through enough with the cue. Turns out a lot of my misses were just because I was at the end of my swing's momentum and at that point my arm inadvertently curves a bit. Just relaxing my arm and letting the cue follow through the ball longer made me cue much straighter. I dunno, maybe that can help you. Good luck
If anyone is considering a Cold Crown just remember they come in 2 pocket sizes - standard pockets and tournament pockets. The standard pockets are too big for my liking. Definitely go with the tournament pockets.
Yep Brunswick says the Tournament Edition has 4.5" corner pockets.
It’s annoying, in my humble opinion. Keep Reddit simple. It works. Don’t try to “fix” it.
If they didn't have a safety net, maybe they would've "saved for a rainy day", like we're all supposed to do.
I don't jump, but I was just watching a match and the commentators were talking about exactly this. They said jumping is much easier when the ball is close to the rail, because you can get higher up with your cue and still have your hand be pretty stable. So it sounds like just practicing keeping your bridge hand more stable would help a lot. Hopefully someone else with have some personal experience to share.
I have almost 5k moons cause I don’t spend them on the ability to put animated memes in my comments :)
Kinda the opposite, but I used to eat those trout marshmallow baits when I was a kid.
Shhh just keep taking their money
Couldn’t it be that the Trump administration purposely released it early to try to bring down sales? Trump is so concerned with ratings and numbers I wouldn’t be surprised.
Wow you’re an idiot.
Not bad. They’re actual sweet marshmallows.
They’re your coins. Do whatever you want. You can even give them all to me if you want. (Seriously give them to me)
With his amber dong
Also 5) People who think it impresses other people that they can wear a hoodie in 100 degree weather
I would recommend PCP instead
That's such a bullshit viewpoint. Using that logic, anything that costs money is counter-productive because you could be reinvesting that money into your company. A well-run company needs to be prepared for troublesome times. Period. It's not counter-productive. It's business.
Yeah I was mostly joking in my response. Usually looking for newer answers with a decent amount of upvotes will get you a far better solution.
Magnets
My wife says that about my scrote. She still rejects me.
Yeah but I was just checking if it was Bear Grylls or not.
It’s pretty common to purchase crypto and then sent it straight to the exchange you want to use.
*sigh* Ziiiip
That part actually made me laugh a little because I imagine her awake in the middle of the night thinking to herself “that was so embarrassing but I bet no one even remembers it except me”
Yeah I dunno how evolution was like "this is fine let's stop here"
I thought it was a type of primate Edit: /s
I remember sitting in that chair at Supercuts explaining to the lady that I want the sides shaved, but I want my hair to hang over the sides so you can’t see the shaved sides.
Omg JTT &lt;3
Yeah and sometimes it hits you out of fucking nowhere. My last “episode” had no trigger and went away as quickly as it came 3 days later. It’s so weird.
You sure that's your own theory? People have been saying that for a very, very long time.
It’s called public relations, dumbass. Every company does it.
We’re all going to die someday, son.
Your moves are weak.
I know it looks like it’s trying to eat, but I don’t think it is. I think it’s mouth is constantly opening and closing like many fish do and since it’s missing most of its body it can’t help but point downward.
Well I'll be damned.... there's snakes in butts.
Don't be such a pussy.
Now i'm imagining me high as fuck on peyote in the desert looking lustfully at a rattlesnake.
Were you targeting catfish?
That can be arranged
Only one way to find out
You should ask your friends just to be sure. You never know. It’s a private issue so make sure to get them somewhere private where you’re both alone and then ask them. Lower your voice and look into their eyes so they know they can trust you.
I for one get rock hard when I see a large spleen
