I used to work at Clark Labs, which creates IDRISI. I was tech support and a break tester, so I had to get my hands dirty with lots of different workflows and datasets from customers all around the world. The awesome thing about Clark Labs' products is that you ALWAYS know what's being done to your data. They always provide the algorithms and literature describing what each tool does to your data. Good luck trying to get any information from ERDAS -- everything is proprietary. I work for a government agency now, and I was tasked to evaluate a few different software options for a specific workflow. ERDAS refused to tell me how, precisely, my data were transformed by the tool, they just gave me flowery language about how "robust" the results are. Their take on image processing is that you don't need to know the knitty gritty details, you just need to get work done. It's obviously possible to control what's done to your data using model builder and basic tools, but I don't much trust the more complex tools. Give me precision and transparency over a fancy interface any day.
The first image has the toilet paper holder and shows two flathead screws, which presumably screw into *something* (e.g., a wall).
After I did the same dumb thing twice today, a coworker sent me [this xkcd comic](https://xkcd.com/242/).
Just because you have a "woe is me, my life is so much worse than everyone else's" attitude doesn't mean you get to laugh at someone else for hurting or being lonely. Don't be dick, it's not a good look.
Yours was the only genuinely mean-hearted comment in this entire thread. I don't get you, man. You don't know her situation. Do as every mom ever has told their kids -- if you don't have anything nice to say, don't say anything.
looks aren't everything
[except the sweaters were matching and had christmas llamas with tassels for earrings](https://typeset-beta.imgix.net/lovelace/uploads/1177/63af8a10-778a-0133-4d9d-0e3f8b958f63.gif)
idgi
he looks like he's pretending to be bored this actually makes a lot of sense
A colossal success!! It's gorgeous.
Yes, let's terrorize the poor thing by chasing it for sweet footy.
I've had nerve issues from boots twice -- once on the bottom of my foot (neuroma, needed to punch out the last on my touring boots) and once on the front of my ankle (impinged a bundle of nerves, needed to tighten the ankle). In both cases, the doctor's answer was "stop doing whatever aggravated them" (generally, stop skiing). The neuroma healed in a few months and was only a real issue in my touring boots, so I just stuck to resorts and my alpine boots. The bundle of nerves on my ankle only started to recover when I stopped skiing for the season entirely (it was getting so bad that I would get pins and needles across the outside half of my foot, and it was triggered by ankle pressure on the front of my ankle) -- took from April until November to fully recover. Talk to a doctor, though. Always the best answer.
they see you mirin
you're almost there just wall sit on his dick for fitness
let's hang out and have fun and do sex stuff, but let's not go into it with the expectation that it could turn into something serious/long term, because I don't do usually do well in relationships, I'm not emotionally ready for a serious relationship, and/or I'm moving
You have to promise you won't fall in love with me.
Damn it, Landon!
lol, would you say this to someone else in literally any other sub? give the guy a break
it's not on /hot...? most people who use reddit don't ever go to a particular sub's /new page
most of the posts that *clearly* have a title about the new messaging system in particular are about technical use, "how do i...?" rather than a qualitative evaluation/discussion about the changes, which this OP is after i get that these posts have been spamming the sub and it's annoying some people, but there's no need for snark when you can either (1) help the person or (2) ignore the person i guess you're welcome to entertain yourself however you like, but \*shrug*
I personally really liked doing a raglan as my first sweater -- because it's knit in one piece, I didn't have to tear out my hair in the seaming process / weaving in ends, because there was nothing to seam. That said, maybe you don't mind the idea of seaming. Raglans also involve picking up stitches along the edges (like the armpits, along the collar, the button strip if you're making a cardigan, et cetera). You might decide that's a little too intimidating, and that's okay! If you can (and like) knitting designs with cables, the [Owls sweater](https://www.ravelry.com/patterns/library/owls-9) was my first, and I really liked it. * bulky yarn, so knits up quickly * owls/cables help keep things interesting so I'm not just doing straight stockinette * raglan design is pretty simple to follow, doesn't need very advanced skills * it's super cute! * I could try it on as I went
I liked /u/2mugabee better
You don't have to tell us all the secrets you know You're gonna spoil Santa for your kids when they're like four, aren't you?
Great point! Using a scratchier wool was the only thing I regret about it, because even with a cami, my arms are in contact and get a little irritated
Most studies that investigated this claim were not scientifically rigorous, so at this point, it's speculative at best. [Yellowstone has an okay-ish summary of findings for polar bear, grizzlies, and black bears.](https://www.nps.gov/yell/learn/nature/grizzlybear-menstrual-odor.htm) Consensus is mostly, "LNT, you jerks."
I prefer working with fingering/sock yarn, but bulk was a very good idea for my first sweater! It gave me a great confidence boost. I find lace much more challenging than sweaters, but that's mostly because I have a tendency to get comfy and not pay close enough attention to what I *should* be doing. (With most things, it's easy to tink back, but lace just drives me bonkers.) That said, when I get it right it's soooo worth it!
maybe he's a big ol' scaredy cat maybe he changed his mind
I'm not fitnessing, but I kinda stalk you. We can skin up Brighton this weekend for vert!
You have a very good momma. They're lovely!
I've not seen your socks a hundred times! I'm impressed. I tried to make those socks and no matter how many times I tore back and reknit, mine kept looking like garbage. Yours are so pretty!
If you don't like the yarn, you probably won't enjoy making something with it or the end product. The times when I try to make something with yarn I don't like are the times I add to the WIP graveyard at the bottom of my closet. I would either give the yarn away or find someone who: (1) you like enough to knit something for; (2) likes the yarn; and (3) would appreciate something made with it. If you find someone who meets those criteria, make something they would want. Probably not the answer you were after. If I'm stuck, sometimes I look at the projects page for that yarn looking for some inspiration, which in your case brings you here: https://www.ravelry.com/yarns/library/tivoli-tweed-aran/projects
Thanks, friend! I'm pretty found of them. They slept in bed with me last night.
the hero OP deserves
Show us when you're done!
get me another soda stream
Being in a new relationship has no real correlation with how much I think about exes. I think about exes less when I'm over them, not necessarily when I'm dating someone new. I've dated plenty of quality humans before being over an ex, and so I thought about exes a lot while dating those the new people. Assuming that I'm over my ex and we ended on good terms, I think about them as often as I think about old friends who I never really see or interact with regularly anymore (every few months/if they contact me). Usually when people break up, they break up for a reason. Even there was love/solid feelings there, sometimes it can't work due to circumstances -- if this is the case, it's probably not someone I want to be friends with any time soon. I might be friendly and on good terms with them, but they're probably not someone I would want to hang out with even if I loosely use the term "friend" to define them. I can't see myself ever being like... active friends and regularly hanging out with someone that I used to date, but that's just me. Your boyfriend sounds thoughtful to me.
fighting over who gets to be little spoon
you're not stupid, you're recently heart broken some temporal distance will do you wonders
I mean, I can send actual cookies, but if you want the recipe, I can send that, too. tell him you don't hate him, but you're going to block his number for a while so you don't go insane, and ask him to respect your need for space. tbh, he probably needs it as much as you do.
our tax dollars are hard at work
you have DMs turned off, right? tell me where to send virtual and/or physical stuff somehow
A catfish is a non-person someone who makes up an entire personality, steals photos for their profile and passes them off as their own, and never produces a corporeal existence. Someone who edits their photos, uses old photos, or knows how to work angles is just someone who's being frustratingly dishonest.
"At least I'm honest about lying to you"
I literally say this to geo all the time
I don't wanna be part of your mommy kink, thx
Okay
this is GORGEOUS A++, wow!, gold star
practice makes perfect
they posted suicide hotline info in that sub what a world
Which categories are you including in your classification? This helps in determining which band(s) to use. Depending on which algorithm you choose, you might be better off creating a simple vegetation index (like NDVI) to help the classifier "learn" what each category looks like.
oh hey same were you a contractor during the shutdown a few years back? it was horrible, but I taught myself how to make croissants
tell me about these backpacks
god, it was so bad I hope for both of our sake's that this is a total non-issue
Do you need a winter/touring pack? You don't do anything in avy terrain, do you? Also, I had one Osprey pack, and it got stolen like the second time I used it, so I don't think I can ever buy one again. CURSED.
FINGERS CROSSED last time, I had enough PTO to bankroll most of the shutdown, I don't this time
...
you can change my flair over my dead body
what's your happiest memory?
this sounds fun
idk maybe I'll show up at your house one day and make you take me to the Newseum
this is beautiful
oops
story of my life
what is your favorite color to wear? is it different than your favorite color?
who is the sub member that most surprised you (in a good way or a bad way, you don't have to explain why) when you met them?
if you were a cartoon character and had to wear one ensemble that characterized you for the rest of your life, what would it consist of?
* my bagels * my croissants * my chocolate chip cookies
who was the last person you made cookies for and why was it not me?
is the arctic component of your research important, or you interested in indigenous peoples in general and your work just happens to often be arctic-centric?
HOORAY! Are you staying in your home state?
clear as the water of an alpine lake
this is actually super common women do it by accident with some frequency when removing menstrual cups the strings are meant for retrieval and removal, I could take mine out right now if I wanted to, and it wouldn't even hurt
go into /r/birthcontrol, it happens with some frequency they're super easy to pull out intentionally, it makes sense that it sometimes happens accidentally
feds only get backpay if the president signs off on it, which in the past has been no problem the feds in my agency are all very worries that trump will not sign off on backpay
I had no idea until the minute after my doctor inserted mine. She mentioned that I might spot for a while, and I replied "hey no worries, I've got my diva cup with me" and she told me that the suction could pull it out. For most women, the strings curl up around the cervix pretty quickly, and they stay tucked away. Mine still hang down a bit, tho.
illuminati revealed
Freedom of the Hills
I could be wearing you out ;)
which podcast is it that you enjoy?
My favorites at the moment are: * Ear Hustle * Someone Knows Something * Invisibilia * Reply All * Outside Podcast
yes, he's right. you should offer sex to all decent virgins. it is your duty.
&gt; If you're new to backpacking, or if you’re hopelessly in love with someone who wants you to love backpacking, then this podcast is for you. This made me lol. If I'm not new, would I like it? Or too elementary?
idk, outdoorsy SJW who likes to knit and bake? +/u/user_simulator senesced
&gt; sheeps clothing I do wear a lot of wool
y u no work +/u/user_simulator senesced
I'm also kind of a bitch, so it fits. Happy cake day!
people are so delusional when you have a million fields and criteria you could use to search, too many people are holding out for perfection instead of learning that compromise is good and healthy this is actually one of the reasons I hated okcupid, tbh -- you have all of these really specific questions, and people seem to think every answer that doesn't meet their ideal is a "dealbreaker"
we all make mistakes
ymmv, but I've met some really great people volunteering if you've got the time and there's a cause that pulls at your heartstrings, give it a whirl
history is always bound to repeat itself
do you live somewhere with a very low population?
you should try letting a friend swipe for you for science
sometimes our friends can see us better than we see ourselves couldn't hurt
I used to let my best friend's little sister swipe for me she was 16-17 and had sooooo much fun with it
I usually find that cables made with variegated yarn don't pop very well, but these are gorgeous! I would have chosen a solid for this pattern, and I would have missed out. Such a lovely choice!
hi, science how attractive are you
ugh, I'm sorry I assume you're not white? online dating can be so shitty if you have any melanin :(
i wonder how you ended up here of all places?
just delete the app if things go south, you can reinstall with the tap of a finger
If you're interested, I can provide a manual, scripts, and data for working through a SE Asia change detection workflow in QGIS using Landsat imagery. All of it is already hosted online -- DM me if you'd like more info/links.
here's what you do talk to a few people you like at work (including her) and figure out a day that might be good for a happy hour with coworkers go to the happy hour that you've planned (hopefully cute girl is there), have a drink, and talk to her like a normal human -- a drink or two will help take the edge off, and a non-work setting makes it easier to have casual interactions with people
what do you need from the career center?
for what it's worth, I think you offer a refreshing perspective on things and good advice -- I imagine that you were very good at it I can definitely see it being emotionally draining, tho
maybe you should invite her to hang out again
Honestly, having a volunteering commitment once a week helped pull me out of my last depressive episode. I feel fine canceling on friends, but only a real dick cancels their volunteer shift. I was guaranteed (forced into?) at least one night of human interaction a week, and while I wanted to just curl up into a ball at home, I talked to people instead. Interacting with other people regularly can be so magical.
eh, we could all almost always do better at everything as that guy from Death to Smoochy once said, "you can't change the world, but you can make a dent"
Why don't we get paid to make garments?! What are you working on right now? /u/peloton2k is working on the sweater that I unraveled last week (hers is way prettier than mine was)
I can't wait to see it finished!
Ohhh, I love the Beatnik sweater! I want to knit everything, but I don't have the time or money :(
The thing that bothers me about Antelope Canyon is that sure, it's beautiful, but it's not one of the most beautiful slot canyons in the world. It's just a normal slot canyon that a photographer with zero backcountry/canyoneering skills can get in and out of without killing themself. Pretty shot, though!
it's you
I do this to my boyfriend I have to keep track of how much he's cheating on me with r/pizza and r/fantasyfootball
you're precious never change
if everyone includes me then we're good
maybe they think you're cute and funny
sub: the girl who won't go to meetups but who has met a bunch of regs. also outdoorsy knitter/baker. irl: outdoorsy knitter/baker with a lot of blog friends
&gt; like jesus if he was cool so instead of just wearing birkenstocks, you wear socks with your birkenstocks?
it's so true the surrounding desert is nice, tho
maybe they wanna do what bunnies do with you, if you know what I mean
we're apart a lot, so he doesn't always the *nerve*
these sound like horrible impressions/perceptions
[insert deliverance banjo line here] I like Kentucky a lot. I have friends in Louisville, Lexington, and Somerset -- all lovely places (minus the dry country bit for Somerset). You have a very lovely state and horrible politicians -- reminds me of my own state!
\*wink*
back in the old days, people knew who I was
hugging tall people is hard :( geo just uses me as a chin rest
I like it better
If we were always broadcasting them, tourists would come sully them up and/or get themselves in a really dangerous position (for themselves and SAR). Suffice it to say that the American southwest is full of them. Antelope Canyon is beautiful and accessible, but it is not the *most* beautiful. I would actually argue that because of how it's been built up and because of the crowds, it's much less beautiful than it was before it gained notoriety. The photos you see of it present a biased view -- there are people everywhere.
how else is she gonna make pigs in a blanket for her superbowl party
Check https://www.volunteermatch.org/ -- they have long term or short term openings. If you can't commit long term to an organization, you can search for groups/organizations in need of temporary/one time only volunteers. You can sort by things like location, type of organization -- it's a really great place to start. In terms of satisfying, it really depends on what pulls at your heartstrings and your skillset. I volunteer at a hospice for the homeless, which at times can be a real downer and emotionally exhausting, but for the most part, it helps lighten my mood (I get that it's not for everyone). Some people that volunteer with this organization donate electrical skills, accounting skills, love of organizing shelves, etc instead of working with the residents. Do you like working with technology? Kids? Animals? Advocating for oppressed peoples? Canvassing for a politician you believe in? The thing that's going to be the most satisfying is the thing that's most you.
omgsh i can't believe you just doxxed urself like that, abigail
you're allowed to change your name, abs. you're an adult now.
If people don't make plans with me in advance, I fill my schedule with self-plans. I almost never break plans with myself (usually like... knitting/baking and netflix/podcasts) to accommodate last minute planners, because my plans are more fun/higher priority and don't involve having to put on pants.
You see especially despondent lately.
What did you buy her? Don't throw it away if you can donate it/give it to someone else/return it.
"hang your bike on the wall"
are you exercising? running helps me with major stress, so does weightlifting. also: taking a bath, turning off your phone/putting it in airplane mode and drinking a cup of tea, going for a walk, sitting down and doing a hobby (piano?) for 10-15 minutes, making time to grab coffee/a drink/a meal with a friend common answer is probably going to be beer or something, but that doesn't work for me at all
I also suggest getting either a blue light inhibitor (like [f.lux](https://justgetflux.com/)) or special blue light blocking glasses to help limit eye strain from too much computer time. When I'm working too much, there's mental strain and stress, but there's also a lot of physical stress on my eyes, and mitigating that as much as possible actually helps the mental stress.
If you haven't watched Black Mirror on Netflix, it's fun (but dark). If you've watched Black Mirror and you liked it, Electric Dreams on Amazon has a very similar feel (each episode is based on a short story by Philip K Dick). Orphan Black is on Amazon Prime, and it's a super fun spy-adjacent show about clones. Bright is a newish movie on Netflix with Will Smith, and it got horrible critic reviews, but it's very popular among watchers -- I thought it was an entertaining, easy watch. Planet Earth II on Netflix is great background watching, especially if you are gonna zone out and just want pretty voices and images to soothe you. Here's a list of current + new Netflix stuff: http://www.vulture.com/2017/12/whats-new-on-netflix-january-2018.html I just found out that Netflix has all of the Lethal Weapons, so...
oh hi sorry you're a real person oops we have a Kyle who routinely deletes and makes up new usernames, and sometimes they're punny. I was making a suggestion for his next user (even when he deletes, he lurks), but I guess I'll have to be more original with my suggestions
I'm already gagging
Electric Dreams has a more optimistic view of humanity -- not nearly as dark (but still a little dark). If you want to watch happier episodes of Black Mirror, I suggest San Junipero (S3E4) or Hang the DJ (S4E4)
I lovelovelove your birthday dress!
I ski at Brighton. The coverage is okay on most trails -- you're not likely to hit any land sharks if you stay on piste. A lot of the steeper/rockier runs are closed, though -- not enough snow to fill in the cracks between boulders. Enough terrain is open to have a lot of fun. If you like skiing in the trees, they've filled in a lot with the previous two storms. There are still hazards obviously (you're in the trees, so that's always gonna be the case), but as long as you're skiing with friends, you should be good. PCMR is lower elevation than the Cottonwood resorts (Brighton, Solitude, Alta, and Snowbird), so the coverage isn't as good. If you have instagram, poke around at the posts people have tagged at the resorts you're interested in (I would avoid the resorts' own accounts, because they're obviously biased) -- they give pretty decent depictions of conditions.
maybe she's not into butt stuff and they had a hidden tattoo on the inside part of their cheeks
RIP
Pattern is [Mira](https://www.ravelry.com/patterns/library/mira-7) by [Justyna Lorkowska](https://www.ravelry.com/designers/justyna-lorkowska). Yarn is [Malabrigo Rios](https://www.ravelry.com/yarns/library/malabrigo-yarn-rios) in [Niebla](https://www.ravelry.com/stash/search#colorway-link=niebla&amp;photo=yes&amp;view=thumbs&amp;yarn-link=malabrigo-yarn-rios) and [Plomo](https://www.ravelry.com/stash/search#colorway-link=plomo&amp;photo=yes&amp;view=thumbs&amp;yarn-link=malabrigo-yarn-rios). The pattern is written for fingering weight yarn, but I adjusted for worsted. Notes are on my [project page](https://www.ravelry.com/projects/bschwert/mira). I originally used this yarn to knit a different sweater, but I didn't love it, and moths had taken hold and created a hole right in the middle of the abdomen. I decided to tear it out, reclaim the yarn, and try something new. I'm so glad I wasn't afraid to undo my old work! This sweater kept me so unbelievably comfy and warm while skiing! I'm in love. /u/RavBot
Now that I think about it, maybe I have cramps so frequently *because* I use it as a pin cushion...
Metal DPNs *are* very slippery! FWIW, I prefer bamboo for DPNs and metal for circs, but I'm also too cheap for both. I just use magic loop with my circs -- seems to fit most of my needs pretty well, but it's all a matter of preference.
My worlds are colliding!
no, men don't have any emotional capacity all they have are their dicks
yes, and as a woman, I invest my entire self-worth in the success of every first date I go on
this has happened to me it's upsetting but nothing is going to change in their mind, and their rationale is likely nonsensical/arbitrary. assuming it's not a pattern with other friends, best to just let it go sorry that people can be such dumbbutts
I hear that -- my best friend told me that she lost all respect for me never did find out why
talk to them about gear send them cookies trick them into sending you a pizza invite yourself to go hiking with them profit
sometimes they even get married
people like seeing new places if people live in a big city, travel might not even be necessary people are frustrated with online dating and tend to have a lot in common with other frustrated people here people like having sex etc
what would it mean to you i can talk about that, too \*wink*
sounds like a good opportunity to block her
oh weird i have a steroid inhaler, you want a hit?
if you live in nyc, you really don't have to travel very far to meet a reg you could even have someone travel *to* you but it's not for everyone, and i get that. i was morally opposed to it and then OOPS i accidentally started dating another reg
okay wait but like i will need it back, because i have defective lungs and that shit is expensive
you're not invited
I don't even think I'm invited
he's just so precious, how could i not
I had someone round out a date by telling me he had to go because he had to vacuum cat hair.
wings and roommates are understandable! even a cat is reasonable but cat *hair*?!
name names or gtfo this sub needs drama
restated: a lot of us would enjoy it, especially on a slow-moving friday
hey, buy me a house in slc instead thx
oh god no abort, abort
ogden here I come
Weird! I've purchased all of my ChiaoGoo through Amazon (because there are no local retailers in my area, either). Sorry you're getting the run around :(
be careful; reactions to bee stings can grow more serious with each sting like, I know it's not super avoidable, just keep an eye on it and when it happens again, be extra careful. if you get stung close to bed, do not go to sleep for at least an hour in case of anaphylaxis.
honestly, it might be worth having an epipen on hand just in case
Just as an FYI because this really bugs me, the donation page is set up through a 501(c)3 called Children's Organ Transplant Association -- funds are raised in her name, hopefully to be earmarked for her transplant surgery, through the actual organization. If she passes away, the funds will be used for another transplant operation. The organization has an excellent rating on Charity Navigator, where they receive 100/100 for Accountability and Transparency, and a 96.15/100 for how they handle their finances. It's a great organization, and even if donations don't help Don's friend, they will help someone who would greatly benefit. This isn't a gofundme. The money isn't going into anyone's pockets.
My LYS has MAJOR fingering weight/sock weight representation. I went in last weekend and had decision paralysis. I think a lot depends on the culture of the store / how in tune with knit trends your LYS is. Is the store run by an old-fashioned knitter who doesn't pay attention to trends? Mine has a very active community, and they do their best to stay abreast of what yarns/fibers/patterns are in demand, and they develop classes and kits around those (as well as adjusting their stock accordingly). It wouldn't hurt to let your LYS know what they could do to get more customers like you into the store.
If I lived in your area, it sounds like I would be interested in such a store! I prefer fingering weight knits, so variety in that weight is really nice. My LYS has plenty of gorgeous fingering/sock yarn, I just wish they had more from indie dyers. Can't complain too much, though! They stock plenty of Wollmeise, Malabrigo, Brooklyn Tweed, Quince &amp; Co, Shibui, Hedgehog Fibres, etc. I'm never bored of those options.
rules are made to be broken, bb
I went on a road trip six years ago, and an internet friend offered me a place to stop along the way. She moved out to SLC ~4 years ago, and she's now one of my closest friends, and she adds significantly to my "real life" community. It's okay to be wrong.
zeke is fat
so probably the latter?
I think most people here are, myself included. Statistically speaking, that's what average means.
I KNOW U R BUT WHAT AM I
sheesh, take that boy for a walk!
great, now I want pizza
are you still walking him at lunch every day? that's cute
I'm gonna: * build some trails * attend a baptism * attend a soccer game * volunteer at Pride I'm tired already.
you should watch The Descent
I'm not defending Don, but maybe click a link before making baseless assumptions? It takes 3 seconds.
If I was doing trail maintenance, I would have said that 🙃
You've got all summer! My group is meeting at 8:30 for a 9:00 start. I can sleep in!
This is a new connector trail, so similar to an alt path, but more significant.
Late, but I'm very proud of my [post-trail building selfie](https://imgur.com/a/nope)
upvote for mtns
/u/ravbot doesn't work without links! (Maybe knowing the names of patterns will be a part of its future?) Also -- to username mention someone, I think the first forward slash is imperative. Maybe not? I'm not a Reddit pro. https://www.ravelry.com/patterns/library/hermiones-everyday-socks
I love the contrast between the straight stockinette bottoms and the textured tops, btw! It's like neatneatneat CHAOS! So fun.
&gt; apparently now if I’m honest with someone that means I’m wrong it might just mean that you're tactless and need to work on delivery of said "honesty"
$15k pay cut is probably nbd when you factor in cost of living differences.
a paddle acts like a lever you don't need to be strong to leave a mark
&gt; You can be whatever the fuck you want to be, dawg, no one gives a shit. the issue isn't with men wanting to / actually expressing traditionally masculine character traits, it's that men (generally speaking, as a whole) have been conditioned such that those characteristics / behaviors are *expected* of them, and that expectation can be damaging to society at large (both male and female components) and can have some pretty dire ramifications
I didn't say "all men" -- I said generally. There are obviously exceptions. I also think all women (generally) are conditioned to view men this way, too. People like you and me and those "with a lick of sense" understand that this is a toxic, poor way to view the world (and we actively don't view genders in this dichotomy), but on a bell curve, we exist in a tail, and a *lot* more people exist in the bell curve bubble.
i'll always be thankful for van damme
Yes! Women can also be victims and perpetrators of toxic masculinity. It's a plague on all of our houses.
&gt; Like a really backwoods redneck guy could be for black lives matter if it was called all lives matter. I think this is a really interesting point, and it mostly boils down to people wanting whatever they identify as to be included. "I'm not black, so 'all lives matter' would be more fair. I'm not female, so let's call it 'egalitarianism' instead so people like me are included." Seems like a lack of empathy more than anything.
Yeah, that's essentially what I'm getting at. You seem to be arguing against the idea that '"toxic masculinity" is a relevant thing, because it's not an issue in your peer group. That said, you're clearly above average intelligence, and I assume you keep similar company. With that logic, you should be able to see how it's a very real issue in the greater population.
kind of like how incels wantto be part of a group that fucks women, because those people are "high value"? and how that "high value" is conditioned through all forms of media, when logically you and I know that the number of sexual partners someone has has no bearing on their value as a human? but they think it does, so they beat themselves up over it and further ostracize themselves from "desirable" women in the process? and how a large number of them develop mental health issues as a result? might that be... *toxic*?
sry bb
oh, sorry, I actually thought you were responding to a different comment where I referenced them, so I'm the one who responded to the wrong comment. I think we're generally on the same page. I think most men and women suffer from toxic masculinity, though. The extent to which they let it impact their lives and actions varies, though.
I mean, that gets into a whole different discussion about semantics and how we name things, which goes back millennia. "masculinity" doesn't necessarily mean that it always applies to men, and even if it *did*, it's a concept that women can latch onto and project honestly, I think the term is thrown around way too much (and also improperly), but once an idea has a name applied to it, it's hard to take it back (or enforce how it's used)
good old fashioned gender war fun for the whole family! (especially if you're non-binary, because popcorn)
what about robots
you're a dude, right? i think this is where i'm supposed to call you trash
you'd like that, wouldn't you
merope tried to foster a positive relationship with tom, but she had to use nefarious means to make it work she ended creating voldemort sometimes we need to not try to fit round pegs into square holes bad things can happen
men and women can have both "masculine" and "feminine" traits / behaviors -- that shouldn't be news also: 🙄
I think we just have different perspectives? I'm not being obtuse. "Man up" "Make me proud, son" "Be a man" "Act more ladylike" "Stop being a pussy" Are all things we say to people to underscore that they should act more/less masculine/feminine. I'm sure you've said most of these things. I have. They underscore the notion that men need to act a certain way to earn respect, and women need to act a certain way to earn a man. This is part of what toxic masculinity is.
you got the body done so fast!
geo uses me as a headrest sometimes :(
It's physically comfier if one set of boobs sits above or below the other set of boobs. Puzzle pieces. That said, boobs smooshing together doesn't feel bad at all, either.
ugh but i love him i am also the worst
not u
your profile says pretty much nothing "I like going out and staying in" = "I like existing" "I'm socially awkward but I'm always joking around" = "I have no idea how to describe myself, but I hear women like funny guys and that being socially awkward is relatable" everyone who's looking for something long term understands that it doesn't happen overnight, and that it takes time to get to know someone it's well written (in that you grasp basic grammar), but all this profile tells me about you is that you prefer talking on the phone to texting, which is not enough to make me want to meet you you can do better! put a little character in there!
you can have joanna newsom, I'm holding out for jenny lewis (sorry, andy)
YOU KNOW MY STRUGGLE
&gt; spikes I read this as sprinkles, and now I want ice cream
proud of you for leaving your house
left
go to cottonwood heights, it's safer and there's a better view
What size(ish) sweater would you wear? I knitted up a [faded version of Flax Light](https://www.ravelry.com/projects/senesced/flax-light) -- it was a pretty simple knit, but the fade resulted in a really vibrant, unique sweater! [I'm a M/L in that pattern](https://www.ravelry.com/patterns/library/flax-light), and I used four skeins of fingering weight yarn to make it (with plenty left over). There's also: * [So faded](https://www.ravelry.com/patterns/library/so-faded) * [Find Your Fade](https://www.ravelry.com/patterns/library/find-your-fade) * [Comfort Fade Cardi](https://www.ravelry.com/patterns/library/comfort-fade-cardi) * [What The Fade?!](https://www.ravelry.com/patterns/library/what-the-fade) * [Free Your Fade](https://www.ravelry.com/patterns/library/free-your-fade) * [Fading Point](https://www.ravelry.com/patterns/library/fading-point) * [Rose Cardigan](https://www.ravelry.com/patterns/library/rose-74) In my opinion, fades look best when executed in a fairly simple (e.g., stockinette, reverse stockinette, garter, or very simple lace/cable patterns). If you want to do a sweater, I would find a basic pattern in whatever construction you want (e.g., raglan, vneck, boxy, etc). Take the total length of the desired sweater and divide it by 7 (one section for each solid and one half section section for each blend). So let's say you wanted a 21" length sweater: * knit 3" of Color A * knit 1.5" alternating a row of Color A and a row of Color B * knit 3"of Color B * knit 1.5" alternating a row of Color B and a row of Color C * knit 3"of Color C * knit 1.5" alternating a row of Color C and a row of Color D * knit 3"of Color D * knit 1.5" alternating a row of Color D and a row of Color E * knit 3"of Color E
How many yards are in each skein? For the 2X in the Flax Light pattern, you would need ~2100 yds. If your skeins are 400 yds each, you're only about 100 yds short! You could probably just grab a sixth colorway of that yarn to make it work. Otherwise, a faded shawl/stole doesn't have the sizing issue, and you'd be good to go. It's a gorgeous set! Enjoy it. :)
Also! Now that I'm looking at the yarn more closely, it looks like single-ply. If I were gifted this set, I would probably make a shawl/stole, because a sweater will wear a bit more, and I find that single-ply pills more with use than multi-ply yarn. Plenty of people use it in sweaters and love the results, this is just my personal preference.
last year for my birthday, my friend made me a simple yellow cake with mango curd and whipped cream instead of frosting, and I'm not gonna lie, it was better than any cake I've ever made people were very fond of my vanilla bean bourbon cupcakes + bourbon caramel tho
what did you see and eat?
Do you mean cannoli? [Like these?](http://www.thesugarhit.com/wp-content/uploads/5-Minute-Cheats-Ricotta-Cannolis-3.jpg) If so, those are made with sweetened ricotta!
are you still in the area?
wtf stud is awesome
I've been meaning to come up to Coeur d'Alene forever! Maybe we'll make a loop with that and Glacier. I'll bring snacks to share.
Dating in Utah: incredibly safe. Also incredibly boring.
&gt; If it's a dare I can do it straigt away. okay I dare you to kiss her
r u saying u love 2b
I've enjoyed watching your progress on this -- it came out spectacularly!
shout out to all of the people who have sent me an entire homemade chicago deep dish pizza in the mail, trekked through the mountains of vietnam with me, and/or visited me in the desolate vastness that is utah you're good people
TWICE
anytime bb girl
technically you've visited me in utah, you just also happen to live here
lol I never held spawn babies are scary
also CONGRATULATIONS! I don't think I've said that to you yet, I saw the fb post as I was falling asleep time to knit something cute for the baby you're gonna name after me
&gt; And everyone who has shown me their butt is p much the best. yw
it's okay you have other v redeeming qualities I think the last time I held a baby was my boss's baby, who is now almost 3 also I was panicking and she had to take the baby away from me because I thought I would break it
I don't even remember those usernames, it must have been forever ago!
omgsh hi
add meeeeeee also senesced
maybe you should come with me to 'nam
lol yes
One of the best times of year to see Moab!
How has the transition to continental been?
I gotta figure that out! I have some pesky work travel that hasn't been pinned down yet, so I can't really plan anything until that gets sorted.
I'm lazy and outsourced the writing of this profile to a bunch of randos on the internet. Kind of disappointing, yeah? Now I'm looking to outsource my orgasms to a luck rando lady on the internet. Probably also disappointing, but again: lazy. Hope to hear from you soon! xoxo
vote with your dollar I accept venmo and paypal
as long as lincoln's on it
I like looking up what other people have done with the yarn on ravelry: https://www.ravelry.com/yarns/library/knit-picks-chroma-lace/projects
can i be the comedic animal sidekick? [here for heihei](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Z0_NerqyZKo)
woman who finds self-empowerment with the help of other pro-female friends lands a super hot boyf lives happily ever after *alriiiight*
[he's got a package](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AxF2bV-85Fs)
ursula was misunderstood
you're queen bavmorda or maleficent
reported
did u know that I ran a half marathon dressed as sonic?
you're cute
I definitely would have spliced the toe. I bow down to you and your dedication!
G&amp;T, duh
My volunteer location just moved across town and is now right around the block from my favorite yarn shop. This is both dangerous and convenient. Last night after volunteering, I stopped in to quickly grab some yarn for a new project. The shop was supposed to close in 10 minutes, but I ended up staying for like 40 talking to the employee who wound my yarn for me. She seems super cool and invited me to a knitting circle at her house tonight. I'm very proud of myself for making a friend in the wild, and I'm excited at the prospect of having a local crafty group to hang with. Also, omgsh my new yarn is gonna make the squishiest sweater. SWOON.
only a monster would disagree with you I wish strawberries overlapped with skiing, tho
I hate my ovaries, but strawberries are chill
did I stutter
I'm currently working on a blanket for geo's sister + brother in law and also a t-shirt with lace sleeves. The new yarn is for a sweater called Wool + Honey. [It's pretty.](https://www.ravelry.com/patterns/library/wool--honey)
how does it feel being single
this is p accurate
I would ask you how it feels to be wrong, but it's so normal for you that I'm sure you're used to it by now
you're doing everything so right I have two boardgame groups -- one overlaps with my drinking group, and one overlaps with my hiking group
&gt; I paid off 2 student loans this month congrats!! this is such a great feeling and accomplishment
geo was like "it's okay" it's okay to be wrong, geo
sry, I started a threesome with /u/peloton2k and /u/ms_moneypennywise already ya snooze ya lose
I really prefer knitting during the summer months (poor circulation, very cold hands), it's just a bummer because I don't really get to use anything I make until October when it cools down again.
same, fam I'm 2 down, 6 to go, should be done in 2-3 years! I can't wait to keep use all of those payments on my current/future self instead of my past self.
go home geo u don't even go here
Gorgeous shawl! Also, might I add that the Most Interesting Man meme featured in the last photo made me ugly laugh -- so awesome.
oh god, I'm so afraid of how my kitchener would turn out while drinking you're a brave soul
ha, I intentionally zoomed in to read it. too good!
I'm a white woman in the US who finds asian men attractive. I'm also a white woman in the US who is very turned off by lack of confidence and/or inability to accept any responsibility for your own actions (or lack thereof). You reap what you sow, bud.
I know plenty of asian men who have either gotten with white women or who are currently with white women. You think you can't get what you want, so you give up without even trying and then complain about your lack of success. Talk about jokes.
Crocheting is great, too!
I can deadlift a sheet of paper that reads "600 lbs" Get at me. Also don't tell geo.
you had me at cheese
No one is denying that the pattern doesn't exist and that it definitely sucks. Stereotypes exist for a reason. The thing that's making him SUPER undesirable *is* how negative and fatalistic he's being. His race might put him at a disadvantage, but he's shooting himself in both feet with how he's victimizing himself. Being an asian dude is never going to be everyone's cup of tea, and things will likely be more challenging as any POC. I do not deny that at all. Asian dudes, POC, short dudes -- all of them can and do have success. The successful ones are the ones who acknowledge their perceived shortcomings and somehow compensate for them to give them whatever edge possible -- curate a sense of humor, go to the gym, practice flirting + develop charm, etc. He *is* quitting. He's placing all blame externally/on things out of his control, he is taking no responsibility for his lack of success, he is making no effort. No woman, regardless of race, is going to find his attitude attractive.
plenty of women can deadlift their weight or more I'm in no way an athlete, and my 1RM is 45# higher than my boyfriend's post-vacation weight
Aw yay!! This is the best STS I've seen in a while. I'm glad you're doing well (other than burns, that is).
This is [Este](https://www.ravelry.com/patterns/library/este) by [Justyna Lorkowska](https://www.ravelry.com/designers/justyna-lorkowska) in [Malabrigo Sock](https://www.ravelry.com/yarns/library/malabrigo-yarn-sock) (Impressionist Sky colorway). It's a super simple knit -- great for Netflix/podcasts/waiting rooms/et cetera. Aside from a couple of simple short row sections for shaping and the lace cap sleeves, it's all stockinette and 1x1 ribbing in the round. [project page](https://www.ravelry.com/projects/senesced/este)
This is my third sweater by her -- they just suit my style so well!
can the mods please impose a daily limit on 2b posts
one is prolly okay we have to laugh at *someone*
are you allowed to backpack yet?
* I'm now an ~~expired~~ cultured woman * I have a lot of really delightful, good, giving people in my life * I get to hang with geo all weekend * I don't have anything nefarious growing on my ovaries
thanks!!
it's pretty great
aw, thanks! there are definitely some imperfect elements in this piece, but they don't really show in the photos :)
but also like... getting pregnant doesn't mean that a baby will happen but double also, my iud is perfectly placed so it's not a relevant worry regardless
weeeee! both are so lovely. have fun!
I should really get a sewing machine.
look at these adventurous outdoor-seekers! proud of you (have you been to the owl bar at sundance and/or stewart falls? they'd make great add-ons to an alpine scenic loop day)
Thank you so much! The malabrigo was all the same colorway and the same dye lot, so I just kept knitting until I ran out of yarn and then tied the next skein on. I purchased three skeins, and I have almost an entire skein remaining. Guess I'll have to make some socks!
candy is pretty fun and easy without having to add something to the actual baking rotation bourbon caramels and butterfingers are always a hit with my people
boring
Rape does have degrees the way murder does.
&gt; I had ranch on my face for like 20 minutes on a date once. He didn't tell me because he wanted to see how long it would be. I hope you two fell in love
Really? I hear it a lot. For example, Weinstein was arraigned for rape in the first and rape in the third (in addition to sexual criminal act charges). I think we tend to hear what we're familiar with and tune out the rest.
Should also note that legal definitions and what is/is not considered rape varies by state. It can definitely get confusing.
omgsh, I wish I could knit during meetings. That would be so helpful!
You wouldn't necessarily need new needles to finish the hat -- you could also use your circs + [the magic loop method](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1mqIqRdJc68). (Again, it's just a matter of preference.)
did you even read the post sounds like a pretty innocuous passing comment, and there's no way of knowing that it could be taken offensively unless he tells her
would you automatically assume that a girlfriend you brought on a romantic vacation was intentionally being manipulative? if so, why the hell would you be bringing her with you to europe? relationships are reliant on communication. &gt; him: hey, could you do me a favor and not mention people that you've hooked up with before even if you're not talking about things you did with them? it makes me upset &gt; her: oh gosh, I'm so sorry -- I didn't think that through at all. I didn't mean to hurt your feelings. thanks for letting me know I won't mention anything like that again. it's a learning process. if you're gonna jump to horrible conclusions about intentions, you're doomed
&gt; in a dismissive and diminutive way towards me I think you're projecting.
where...?
I read that as "overflowing poop trays" I need to go home. Beautiful prop station!
Making some progress on my [Wool &amp; Honey](https://www.ravelry.com/projects/senesced/wool--honey) in Brooklyn Tweed Loft (fauna). [Blanket progress](https://www.ravelry.com/projects/senesced/steinhoff-blanket) is slow and steady. I'm finally at the halfway point! This thing is a serious labor of love (and I can only really knit it while at home, because blankets don't transport super well). On the plus side, it's in Malabrigo Rios (plomo), so it's dreamy on the fingers!
I love the colors you chose! So vibrant.
I'm saving that blanket for future use! Looks a lot more doable than the one I tasked myself with (\*slams head against desk*). :)
there are so many mistakes in it, but I'm hoping that the non-knitter recipients won't notice any of them. if they do, I'm going with "they're design features that add character"
Are you going to colorblock yours? I love the cream! Gives it a real heirloom knit feel to me.
I think you meant to reply to Kyle, dudesie
uh huh
HUMBLEBRAG congrats, grad
Gorgeous work!
I knitted up an [Ashton Shawlette](https://www.ravelry.com/patterns/library/ashton-shawlette) -- it was a great intro to lace!
&gt; we will advise OP accordingly I'm confused by this. What do you mean 'advise'? What is she not allowed to do here? Is it just that she shouldn't have confirmed it was her shop/that she was selling it? OP wasn't fishing for a buyer. Is she not allowed to post an FO here just because she's selling it elsewhere?
Thanks for the clarification. So something that has a "commercial aspect" would be an item for sale on a separate site (even though she wasn't the one who originally posted the link)? I get the gist of it, and I'm on board with the sub not becoming bombarded with a ton of advertisements. I just found this particular instance confusing.
Happy Pride, friend! Thanks for acknowledging Stonewall with your beautiful scarf. :) (PS -- Google 'Stonewall' today -- cute little easter egg.)
that's okay, recycled stuff doesn't actually get recycled nearly as often as we like to think it does just do better next time
here's one just for you
this saves water waste from having to wash a glass; thanks for caring about the environment!
don't forget your sunscreen
if he were using a disposable cup, he'd also be saving something from needlessly heading to the landfill my hero, tbh
success is all about finding the positive spins, friendo
try to buy stuff with less packaging! I get a lot of my staples from bulk bins, I don't use plastic bags for produce, etc I like to think that it helps, but it might just help me feel superior
you should tag me as something totally unrelated to any or our actual interactions and then see if you grow to resent me because of it for science
who needs decorum when you can decorate yourself with awesome hair colors and cool jewelry? (these things take practice and are not sins; two steps forward one step back)
hydration is important, and sometimes you need to take care of you before you're equipped to take care of the world
I was hoping you were pure vanilla extract -- it's expensive and I'm running low I learned semi-recently that the immaculate conception refers not to the conception of Jesus, but rather to the conception of mary, making her the perfect vessel~
I pledged to work on a blanket 1" a day -- the entire thing seems daunting, so I keep not working on it at all, but increments are manageable I've made a lot of progress since I made that change
it's like in rocko's modern life r-e-c-y-c-l-e recyle! c-o-n-s-e-r-v-e conserve!
also you can treat yourself to a small indulgence rather than buy the packaged version and eat it all in one sitting i def never do that, tho. idk what you're talking about. i am the epitome of moderation and self-control.
I got an NPR gift once (mug), but now I opt to give a gift to whatever local organization they're supporting instead (like the 4th street clinic)
nah, it's just a generic radiowest mug (I had an even more generic NPR ceramic mug a whiiiiile back, but someone accidentally smashed it to bits)
we all need outlets and entertainment in our lives
but do u smell nice
this is smart i was thinking of emotional health, tho
the world is your oyster
as a mod, i'm holding you to a higher standard be better, ran
Stonewall is impactful to anyone who celebrates pride in June -- the riots are *why* pride is in June. [here is a screenshot of the mobile Easter egg -- the desktop version just carries the rainbow banner all the way across the page](https://imgur.com/a/8rQkInj)
idk I just haven't seen you in forever hi
I'd take /u/geologists to the top of a mountain and feed him a cheesy pesto dip with tortilla chips and kiss him on the face
does anyone else wanna tap in for geo?
he's for sale now, I give up
Have you been to a zoo brew event? http://www.zoonewengland.org/engage/brew-at-the-zoo They make for fun dates. Or hangouts with friends if you can't get a date.
I mean, I won't say no inquire within
don't we all? it's why the SI body issue exists people like looking at people
I guess that explains why you don't post your bitterness is noted
outsourcing your chores, huh?
go home geo, ur drunk
pretty excellent! hope you've been doing well and thriving outside of this place~
&gt; your loving fart wars~~ pls, it's not a war if he has no ammo
That is so good to hear! Will you be making a big move again, or staying closeby where you are now? Everything is pretty standard. Just holding steady in LDR-land until my dudesie is allowed to move.
kiss her on the cheek cheek kisses are cute and feel warm and fuzzy
I think you look like a pretty approachable person in general. Keep trying.
those shoes are fly as hell
But literally everyone else is sharing fashion...? Or at the very least, they offer one fashion photo before throwing in a non-fashion bonus. Not everyone contributes their own fashion photo every week, but you can still participate by commenting and offering your opinions. If you don't have anything to contribute in terms of replies (and apparently you don't have any of your own fashion to share), perhaps this is not a thread for you?
THOSE ARE SO CUTE WHERE DID YOU FIND
are you cosplaying huck finn?
he's welcome to live in his lime green t-shirt, but he should at least show it to us
I'm not insulted, I just don't really get it. You don't participate in the rest of the thread by commenting, you don't post fashion photos. You're not actually contributing to the thread at all. What's the point?
this is v smooth
and she mentions that a guy she hooked up with once has the same shoes as you, it's OVER
It's okay! I bring snacks.
Sounds like a necessity!
FWIW, I find that while an individual strand may be somewhat delicate (i.e., don't pull too hard, because you'll end up with a break in your yarn), knitted up projects are pretty hard wearing. PS - I love how yours turned out! I knitted one over the summer, and I came very close to using Hayloft (went with Fauna in the end).
I drop like $30 every other time I go out to knit night. Nice yarn is spendy.
pls explain this to geo
groupme abandoned me the world is a cruel place
find a partner on /r/okcupid
just found the only worthy valentines gift idea
wanna join the pen 15 club, loser?
were they a lurker? I had very bad experience with lurkers 0/2, do not recommend
is this suggestion based solely on the similarity of their usernames?
/u/milazzo also talks about her dog
I'm gonna start calling you Indiana Jones, because you found the Holy Grail.
today I posted a few reddit comments instead of working
you should do that again, it was really entertaining
i didn't shitpost about my partner on reddit tho
hail mary full of grace
I believe
I love that yarn!
i thought i was going to sneeze, and then nothing came out we all struggle
i'll pray for u
wow, I didn't know that a gift of unused materials is tantamount to stealing from impoverished children TIL
I was working on a non-US contract today so tax payer money was still wasted, but it was some european country's wasted tax payer *euros*
I have never loved you more
when have I ever listened to a suggestion from a man
If you really want to ask her out, just leave her your number so the ball is in her court (and you don't put her in an awkward position while she's working). Also, if she doesn't call / text, don't make it weird. Just continue being a normal, non-creepy customer.
This only happens in shitty sitcoms with laugh tracks, poe.
I don't think many people here are messaging people in other countries, so I think your sample size is going to be at or close to 0 here. Do you not want friends close by?
oh you sweet summer child
Considering that she's a caregiver at a medical facility where you receive care, I would err on the side of caution here. If she's not *your* doctor and you're still super interested, I would talk to the office assistant at the front desk on your way out, that way the trainee doesn't have to react to you and your offer at all. Say something like, "hey, I wanted to see if [insert name here] was maybe interested in grabbing a coffee with me sometime, but I didn't want to put her on the spot or make her feel uncomfortable at work. Would you mind passing along my number to her?" And again, if you don't hear from her, take it as a polite rejection and move on.
how dare you misgender me i am offended
[REP](https://i.imgur.com/DGEoPl3.gif)
I know it, dude. Dating up is so great.
You are an incredibly patient and loving father. Your dedication to learning new skills is steadfast and enviable.
that was a super fun day I haven't crashed at all yet this season!
you must be new here
GO ON
Ugh, folding clothes is the WORST chore. I have piles of clean clothes in my apartment right now that I just pick my outfits out of. I cannot be bothered to fold them or put them away. My quest for a house husband continues.
sorry, I've been AWOL for a minute or so his dog is zeke
he's a v cute doggo
I get the joke.
ur pritty
My coworker was just telling me about how he and his sister went in together to get their parents a really nice couples cooking class. If you have family that doesn't need stuff (I struggle to find things for people who just buy themselves the things they want), something along these lines could be a super cute gift!
&gt; "approved gift ideas" ugh, there's no fun in this type of gift giving
what the actual fuck I brought my mom back a scarf from ecuador. it was $12.
...for how many family members? that is insane. my family doesn't actually do gifts as adults - we do a white elephant and that's it. my mom will probably be upset with me for giving her a gift, because she won't have one for me.
I would be so broke
I bought new skis yesterday, but they won't be mounted and ready to ride until after christmas it's okay, though, because I still have other skis to play on and my boyf bought a ski pass, so the world is p perf
it's not that hard to say "I said some really shitty things 15-20 years ago, and I understand that they were deeply offensive. I've grown as a person since then, which allows me to recognize how problematic the things I said and believed were. I hope that in time I can demonstrate that I am not the same person I was, and I can earn your forgiveness and regain your trust in me" instead of the lame ass shit we always hear from these assholes so it's not that we're judging people by what they said 15-20 years ago, it's that they're proving to us that they're still the same fucking asshole, so we're fairly judging the person that they still are
spiked frozen hot chocolate for me, pls
can you explain what you mean by &gt; comb through a persons history and fail to apply context to what was said, and we then hold their feet to the fire or ruin their career/lives Like you said, the Hart comments are pretty damn egregious. Are there examples that you don't deem as significant or worthy of scrutiny? And the issue with this isn't so much that he said the things, it's that he was super defensive, said that he's grown as a person, but refused to accept any culpability. You don't get to hurt people and then ignore the effects your words have just because you think you're a better person now.
soak up that wall real good
I was thinking about use of those terms now, and sure, I agree, we should not apply the same standards. But here's the thing: I knew it wasn't cool to use words like "gay" or "fag" in 2005 (when I was 16/17) - I get that those terms were more accepted then, so I will totally give a pass on online content from that era so long as the person who wrote them acknowledges that it was a shitty term to use and apologizes for it. "Looking back on things that I posted when I was a kid, current me is embarrassed for former me - those words aren't cool now, and they weren't cool then (even though I thought they were). I know better now, and I am sorry if my use of those words offended or hurt anyone." That's all it takes. "I'm sorry" isn't that fucking hard, and saying "that's so gay" in the 00s will only ruin your career now if you stubbornly refuse to acknowledge that yeah, using those word was shitty then, but back then you didn't know better and now you do, and you're sorry. &gt; these athletes can’t just make a statement saying they’re sorry Yeah, they can. The issue is that they're confusing with "I'm sorry" with "cut me a break, I was a kid and I'm a better person now." You have to actually SAY "I'm sorry" for it to count as an apology and for people to forgive you.
this is a super coachable moment for your supervisor - every employee (regardless of leadership position or lack thereof) needs coaching every now and then. especially for people in leadership roles, it's important that they understand how to keep you feeling motivated and appreciated you should let her know that in the future, you would very much like to be invited to these types of things, that it's important to you, and that seeing a process that you initiated through (even it's just a silly ceremony) helps keep you feeling motivated and appreciated it's also better to nip simple things like this (which honestly could just be a miscommunication or a dropped ball) in the bud so that they don't fester and start affecting your working relationship with her I've had a couple of conversations with supervisors about what I need from them in order to do my job better, and it's typically a very productive conversation for both parties
they're touring skis with tech bindings, and the only people I trust to mount them well have a dense schedule - probably have to wait at least a few days for that, but the real issue is shipping the skis, which takes some time (exacerbated by high volume around the holidays and the fact that they're an international order) skis will probably arrive around or after I fly back east for the holidays. my bestie is going to handle getting them mounted for me, but realistically it'll be a minute or two
me tooooooooo
&gt; they’ve given no indication in the present that they still believe or act in those ways of their past. sorry, but if you rant about how awful if would be if your son were gay using super hateful language and you haven't said anything about how your current mindset has become more open / inclusive / progressive, I'm gonna assume you're still a bigot &gt; I don’t think we are really accomplishing anything by forcing these apologies we're not forcing apologies. either you apologize because you mean it, or you're still either ignorant or a bigot, and in either case there, we have a problem. &gt; If someone once posted “you’re acting gay” back in 2006 when the context was clearly not literal how does the context clearly not being literal make it better? calling something gay and meaning that it's dumb or annoying is just as bad, because you're equating being gay with being bad. how is it so difficult to understand that even casual use of language like this is problematic and warrants an apologize and a demonstration that you've learned to be better? &gt; who is really benefitting in this instance? I honestly believe that we all benefit, because these efforts are striving to undo the normalization of extremely problematic and hurtful language. without people calling out users of this language, it would probably be a lot more common right now &gt; I highly doubt it, and speaking with the many gay friends I have about this, they couldn’t really care less. idc how many gay friends you have - they don't speak for everyone. it's hurtful to enough people to be a thing, and you and I don't get to decide what is and what isn't worthy of getting feelings hurt about
this year my boyf got me an audubon guide for western tree species I'd been wanting for a while and made a donation to a 501c3 I care about for my birthday swoon
do u just turn it upside down so it better resembles a superior and adjacent state
oh man, I wish I hadn't taken the card out of my work bag he handed it to me randomly like two months later (he had forgotten to give it to me on my birthday), and it was so dumb it made me cry-laugh, but I forget exactly what it said
I get that trolls are in no short supply here, but is it really that hard to believe that an attractive person can be conditioned to believe that they are ugly? Are pretty people not allowed to have shitty self esteem?
I like this answer best
you weren't expecting me to have good taste in places? i have two geography degrees, cmon
if you get a pass from your partner, it's not cheating, it's establishing a new set of guiding principles for your relationship based on mutual trust and open communication
I have to skate ski sometimes! It's a similar muscle movement for sure (but I'm much better at it on skis, because more surface area).
&gt; is it like a ski pass? or more like a costco pass? both of those are out of your price range, tho, right?
huh
I agree - thick &amp; quick is AMAZING for bulky hats. They look cute, they knit up quickly, they're cheap to make, they feel pretty good, and they're hard-wearing. They're a great gift knit for someone who might not be completely knitworthy (or when you need a last minute gift - I can whip one of those out in an evening).
yer a wizard, 'arry
you're tacky and i hate you
omgsh, on a slow work day, there's pretty much nothing I want more than to witness a flame war between hog and literally anyone else e: i can't type
most of the regs of yore have already deleted primary handles for example, this is not my most well-known sub handle
DID I STUTTER? Injuries make great stories and they build character. And sometimes you get the good meds.
yeah but there are only so many times I can respond to you before the new regs think I'm some creepy stalker
me too, anonymous human-like individual. me too.
lol
&gt; Also not anywhere near as thirty and shit flirty as it used to be ;)
wtf no invite?!
friendship: terminated.
you're actually stealing my boyfriend's thunder more than mine he sent me a homemade chicago deep dish pizza with dry ice before we even met (after I sent him some cookies - always has to one up me) so if you wanna fall in love with a cutie on the sub, I'm not telling you what to do, but this anecdata and n of 1 seems totally foolproof to me
brenna sends cookies to literally anyone on the sub who asks for them would brenna like to participate in a cookie exchange? yeah, probably not
it was pre-baked, cut up, each slice packaged individually, and then packed up in a styrofoam cooler with ice packs + dry ice if you never need tips, just summon him: /u/geologists
but why wouldn't you invite me?! am I not VIP enough for you??
a perpetual favorite, hi hello
new phone who dis
can we for srs plan a ski date this winter pls
KyleJRM more like
ok ty my ppl will be in touch with ur ppl
have you tried creating an account via the app?
Are you looking more for button clicking tutorials that walk you through execution or conceptual tutorials that walk you through how algorithms parse information?
The [Ashton Shawlette](https://www.ravelry.com/patterns/library/ashton-shawlette) is a great intro! Simple enough to not make you tear your hair out, but pretty and delicate.
It's got some of the mosaic details it sounds like you're interested in playing with, but it's definitely more suited to the yarn that you have. I've had it in my favorites for a while now, so if you choose to make it, I would be really eager to see how it turns out!
would've been better to add "Prefer not to say" responses to questions
I can totally see people googling + being overwhelmed and then coming here and asking individuals for their favorite learn to knit resource. Just because something is at the top of the google results doesn't mean it's good, and just because I don't explicitly state "I already looked and I'm overwhelmed by the options" doesn't mean it isn't true. You're allowed to be frustrated by these posts, but they're also allowed to post them. In my experience, side bars suck unless you're on desktop.
when you ask google why your knitting curls, the result might be something like "that's just what happens with stockinette" when you ask /r/knitting why your knitting curls, someone like /u/notlaika swings by and explains the structure of knit versus purl stitches and how that impacts your fabric, and then gives you suggestions on what you can do to mitigate in an already knitted piece or how you can address it in the future idk, one seems way better to me
Im just over here playing devil's advocate -- I think that the resources are there for a reason, and they're helpful for sure (that's why they're there!). And there are always going to be lazy people looking for the easy way out, and as you pointed out, it's draining and thankless, and you (and many other helpful people) have begun to ignore some of these types of posts. But there are still going to be people who are looking for more community, people who aren't good at finding what they need, people who are going to be thankful and receptive of actual thoughtful replies. Even if that's the minority of these types of posts, I see value in them. But that's just me! And we all obviously have differing opinions on the matter. I really like reading your responses to people, for what it's worth. You're thoughtful and educational and you seem pretty patient with folks. 'Preciate ya!
My go to recommendation for people who have a pretty single-skein of a fingering weight yarn is [Close to You](https://www.ravelry.com/patterns/library/close-to-you), a pretty garter shawlette with delicate details. It's free and it showcases variegated fingering yarn quite well!
I also use them on airplanes! Especially on intercontinental or redeye flights where they dim the cabin lights.
It bends at around Fashion Place, and it *is* evident in maps, it just happens to be too slight for the naked eye to notice very easily. If you got out a ruler, you would be able to tell. Perspective can be tricky, but it looks like the large building just to the right (west) of the bend is Intermountain Medical Center.
I work in a federal building and take my knitting to work just about every day. I also travel a ton (internationally and domestically), and I have never had my needles taken from me (metal sock needles, usually). The annoying thing is that it's really up to the discretion of the person screening you, regardless of what the accepted/posted rules are (their discretion being the final say is also one of the rules).
I think the hate/love camp is divided based on knitting style rather than hand size. I don't have large hands and I bought the set of ChiaoGoo interchangeable minis, because I love all of my other static and interchangeable ChiaoGoos so much. I absolutely hated the 9" circs. I am a thrower/English knitter, and the way I hold and tension my needles/yarn doesn't seem to jive with the tiny needles. I am not a picker/Continental knitter, but I know the movements enough to do it here and there (I'm just really slow), and the size of the needles seemed much more manageable and comfortable when knitting with this style.
Why is it an okay joke without the hard R?
Asking the real questions.
What if you take the charts from Tensho and adapt them to go around the hem of a basic veck pattern?
Ya know, as an apostate who travels a ton and has RM families gumming up my ability to get through the arrivals hall, to my baggage, and then home, I am 100% A-ok with this.
You know what I love most about SLC airport? Most of the people who use it are too cheap to pay for precheck. On average I'd say that I am through security within 5-10 minutes of arrival to the airport. Most other airports in similarly-sized cities have *much* longer lines for pre.
Seems like it will be a group waiting area that will largely serve the RM crowds. OP seems like a non-LDS individual who is poking fun at some of the more exclusive aspects of the faith, though tone / sarcasm don't come across well for everyone via text. No recommend will actually required.
Oh, I agree, but if you travel at busier times (I try to avoid them, but you can't always), security lines can create a back up of 20-40 minutes, which is still a lot more reasonable than pretty much any other airport I've been to. Precheck line has always been such that I can walk straight through, though, even when the general line in Terminal 2 is backing up to the overpass.
I think it's about as stretchy as I've ever needed, and I much prefer the appearance to Jeny's surprisingly stretchy bind off. In addition to loving the continuous appearance of the tubular bind off, I find that Jeny's flares out too much.
&gt; but as-is it’s basically just a Snapchat filter. I think that's the point. It's not a knitting tool - it was originally posted on /r/blender, which is a sub for the digital rendering / animation software of the same name. Seems like a super neat way to get more realistic knitted garments / accessories into digital animations and the like.
What's extra cool about this software (and this tool) is that they are free and open source, which means that the code is free to use and edit - I could either use this shader in Blender, or I could take the code and rewrite it myself to be used in a different program if I wanted to. Stuff like this makes it so that people in techy spheres can learn and build off of each other, and new tools like this cool knitting shader can be developed and distributed more quickly. (Unlike software giants like Adobe, which keep their tools behind a paywall and don't share the code that is used to create the effects.)
And the differently sized beads! I love the combination so much.
It's likely real, and it's likely a combination of high contrast (white background vs black text) and linear patterns. The color formatting for generic text is largely the same, but the text and paragraph formatting is different. When you have little spacing between text, it actually does a couple of things for you. Firstly, less spacing makes it easier to follow / track from line to line (think back to high school or college when you had to turn in essays with double-spacing -- the distance between lines sometimes made tracking difficult, but instructors valued it because it have them space to add hand-written feedback). Secondly, less spacing makes a paragraph look more cohesive and less linear. High contrast stripes and checkerboards are two types of still / motionless patterns that are known to trigger seizures in some folks. The increased white space make what used to be cohesive paragraphs look more like high contrast stripes, which are absolutely triggering in some people. And while these patterns are still in a snapshot, we often scroll our mousewheel as we browse, which causes the effect to amplify in motion. There are accessibility rules that Rav should be / needs to be following, but the tricky bit is that many of the rules are subjective and require someone who is trained in WCAG to evaluate. (There are some cut and dry rules that Rav isn't adhering to, and that's another argument entirely.) Folks with epilepsy need to be seizure-free for a specific amount of time (I think it varies with geography) before they are legally permitted to drive. If someone experiences a seizure, that is an automatic loss of their driver's license. I doubt that it's the first website to trigger such a seizure, but websites not being accessible don't generally get this much coverage.
I do some accessibility work for a US federal agency. A majority of websites are inaccessible. There are three different levels of accessibility for web content, and Rav doesn't pass the easiest level. Rav has been inaccessible forever. Their new design is even less accessible than their previous version, which is bringing people who weren't affected by it before out of the woodwork.
Extensions aren't a panacea - they don't work 100% of the time, when they do work they don't always work as intended. as an example, someone may have been able to avoid some of the issues caused by the combination of contrast and spacing, but if they were on rav before they rolled back the animations that were introduced, it would have been moot. I'm not here to defend Rav -- they could have avoided a lot of these issues. I'm just explaining that they *were* avoidable, and there is plenty of documentation on how to conform to compliance standards (and professionals who could have been consulted to do the work). Like you said, accessible design is far from universal. What one person needs in order to access materials may actively harm another individual. A truly accessible website (at the AA or AAA levels) is boring and very bland. But Rav could do a lot more to meet baseline A guidelines. (A is least inclusive and AAA is most inclusive.) The issue with folks who are prone to seizures, as I am seeing is outlined in accessibility forums on Rav, is that the design was more accessible before, and they were given no notice of the change. (They previously knew that Rav was a safe site for them to be on, and that changed with no notice.) The other point that is being made is that having to manually opt out of the redesign (instead of opting in while they sort some of the bigger ticket items out) automatically precludes them from using the site.
In many countries, web developers are legally required to provide accommodations equal or similar to that which is being demanded here. You don't seem to have a desire to engage, but in case you do, this is the same as saying that businesses shouldn't be required to have wheelchair ramps. All people deserve equal access to businesses that are in the public domain -- in the US, we can say, "I won't serve you because you're a jerk," but we can't say, "I won't serve you because you're disabled / Black / etc." By not having wheel chair ramps (or accessible websites), we are saying "we won't serve you because your disability inconveniences us." [A man sued Pizza Hut because their mobile app wasn't accessible, and the Supreme Court sided with him after Pizza Hut tried to get the case thrown out, so.](https://www.cnbc.com/2019/10/07/dominos-supreme-court.html) Just because you're not in the know (and apparently Rav isn't either), that doesn't excuse businesses from failing to accommodate customers, and Rav fails to meet accessibility at literally the easiest tier.
Please submit this as a bug on Rav. There are likely going to be lots of "little" things like this that the dev team will have a really hard time tracking down on their own, but your input will make a big difference for other users.
No worries! I think a lot of the pushback against the pushback comes from lack of understanding of what accessibility means, so if I can help people understand / build a little empathy, then I am happy to try. Whether or not people believe the folks coming forward with migraines and seizures shouldn't matter, either -- even if the owners and developers went back to the old Rav, the site would still have problems (maybe a few less than now, but still plenty).
