Up to you, but if you get direct morning or afternoon sun I'd keep them.
It's because they're in a cult
Good input, and if the frame wasn't designed for it them yeah i agree it's putting more stress than it's supposed to and could lead to earlier fatigue damage.
Why do people still use FB? and don't give me that BS excuse of 'I keep up with my friends and family1". There was a world and society before FB, and it will still be there after FB is dead.
LOL so you're telling me putting all personal information on the internet *wasn't* the best idea?
A couple of years ago I read on a Hollywood gossip blind site that Cote de Pablo left NCIS because she couldn't stand the harassment by one of the other actors...
Speak for yourself, I'm posting this through my 56k modem. This post took 2 hrs.
The original Basic Beckys at the start of the video; Sir Mix-a-lot was a visionary.
I thought it was from Lemonade
Will the laptops be able to filter the water as well?
It doesn't stop it from being true. Do you always get butthurt about facts?
clean water&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;laptops. if you can't understand that, I don't know what to tell you.
What is it about Musk that gets all the fanbois riled up? is it that you see yourself in him if you just had that much money? or is it that you think you can become like him?
LMAO if you considered my post 'an attack', then you need some help. Sorry not sorry that I'm not ready to crown Musk--or anyone else--as some kind of savior for buying kids a bunch of laptops or offer to pay for water stations with essentially spare change for him.
LOL deflecting much? How much have YOU donated as well? Something about throwing stones and a glass house....
Americans like me? You literally know nothing about me, so jump to conclusions much? And don't hurt your arm trying to pat yourself on the back.
If you're jumping on the "prove yourself on the internet " bandwagon, that's pathetic. Musk is doing what any other megalomaniacs do, try to wash away the sins of one hand with the other. Otherwise he would have bought the computers and paid for the water filtration and keeping his mouth shut like many, many people do.
True, I signed one when I bought my used car recently. This was at a BMW dealership too.
Just went through this trying to find a Civic Type R. All the dealers I contacted within a 300 mile radius were some degree of terrible to talk to, the worst one being when a guy who claimed to be the 'new car manager' mockingly laugh at me over the phone when I dared to say I was willing to pay no more than MSRP for the car. Screw Honda and their dealers.
Nothing stands out. Spent it gathered with family, watched the TV to see if anything would happen.
21 year age gap between them, I'm sure she knew what she was getting into.
I picked my '18 a little less than a month ago and I'm older so i already went through the 'sport compact' phase. The RS isn't my only car, and I picked it up used and un-modded. Pros: good engine, good drivetrain, good power out of the box, and the car has personality. Good options like the seats, tire and wheel package. I personally like the looks a lot and it doesn't need anything else added. Good visibility, relatively quiet interior, and its it's a compact car so it doesn't feel bloated. It can be just a normal car or it can feel like a highly modified car at the touch of a button. Cons: the suspension won't be for everyone, you have to drive it. It doesn't bother me and it's not as bad as people have made it seem but it is stiff. Same thing with the seating position, i don't think it's bad but you have to try it yourself. The fake engine noise is cheesy, and i hate the auto stop/start but it only takes a push of a button to turn it off. No blind spot monitor or self dimming rear view mirror which imo is inexcusable for a car this expensive. The center console is very small, so storage space is lacking. The rear seats don't fold flat and you have to remove the headrests for the seats to even fold down. The back seat doesn't have a lot of leg room. No full size or donut size spare tire. Overall i wish it had a bit more interior room and wish the interior was more refined like other Ford products (like the mustang), but it's an older platform that they stuffed a bigger engine and an awd system into, so i do like that it's a throwback to all the other sport compact cars that have led up to it.
WTF!! I always liked his style of play, specially at Arsenal. RIP
I couldn't stand him in Televisa days
LOL then move the camera slightly off to one side or the other to see everything else covered in grafitti from the gangs
Better? You can fit 4 people and cargo, plus it stillfeels like a small sport compact car. More power stock, plus awd gives it a different driving dynamic. The Mustang those is more comfortable and more refined, plus you can get better options and looks a little better.
I'm pretty sure it isn't "negativity " that's driving people to flee their homed and El Salvador in general
I don't see how you were able to obtain insurance on the house with a 20+ year old roof, was your inspector and real estate agent worthless when you picked it? You've only had it a year and it needs major repairs ( roof and a/c aren't cheap) means you'll lose money for sure unless you're in an area with a crazy seller's market. I'd fix the plumbing issues to start, then get someone out to check your A/C and see what needs fixing.
He's not wrong
Seems shitty and none of BMWs business but overall they're a shitty company. Never understood why you'd heavily mod a car that wasn't fully yours yet, specially if you want to get any warranty work done.
What's the purpose of you breathing?
Stay classy, Brevard County
Memes are for 13 year olds
I've said it before in this sub, that most people commenting must either be children or have the mindset of a spoiled child with all the complaining. Reddit is a toxic environment in general and i find myself using it less and less.
it's not even about having a difference of opinion, it's that people here are so extremely fragile and/or maladjusted that the only thing they know how to do is lash out. They have no skills for civil discourse or critical thinking.
Really wish they'd picked someone other than Damon to play Shelby, takes away from the story IMO.
aaaaand he's in a sex cult
What are your thoughts on the USWNT roster yet again being mostly white, blonde women which do not reflect US society? I know this is a loaded question since we'd have to get into the pay-to-play system, economic inequality, racism, etc but I guess the main point of my question is does anyone on the women's side of US soccer care about this?
As a former E46 M3 owner, I do miss the car and it's a lot more comfortable than the RS but no way in hell I'd own another one. I don't have to worry about my VANOS blowing up every time I'd start the car, it was like playing Russian roulette. Plus multiple other potential issues like subframe cracks, leaky seals on the differential, etc. Not to mention the extra maintenance costs of the special oil blend (more expensive than the special blend for the RS), and having to adjust the valves. A E46 M3 would make a good 3rd or 4th car in the garage, but not something I'd depend.
way to miss the point
I forgot they had done this, and James May can make absolutely anything sound riveting and fascinating.
The M engines are a whole different beast to the regular series cars, and that seems to apply across the board. The E46 M3s are too old now to mess around with unless you have the cash for a spare engine, transmission, etc. The RS doesn't have the refinement of the M, but it's faster and it's special in its own way.
I like that May tells it matter-of-fact, instead biased one way or the other. The movie coming up looks ok but having Ford as any kind of an underdog is laughable.
Yep, when my brother-in-law introduced his new wife who's crazy as hell. They eloped and didn't invite anyone.
Ford were very accustomed to racing and winning, just not at Le Mans. This whole notion that they knew nothing and started from scratch is a fantasy IMO.
So instead of trying to handling 20 cases at once, how about cut that number down by 25% to start and spend more time with the patient. And I have to disagree that the 'meantime is made up of people ensuring my care'. It's become routine that I have to double check that my prescription was in fact written and sent to my pharmacy, and in case of referrals have to follow up that the referral was indeed sent. After that, no doctors or nurses actually follow up to see 'hey did that work for you?" Maybe taking on less patients at a time would give time to follow up and provide better care overall.
Are you sure they're the best players? Or the ones lucky enough to be able to afford pay-to-play travel teams, camps, etc when they were young? You're really trying to tell me that only white blonde women can play soccer well in the US? Because that's downright laughable.
LOL or you can look at the roster from 1991 all the way to right now, and see if the make-up of the team reflects society. Again, the notion that only white blonde women are good at soccer is downright absurd.
We're not talking about other countries, we're talking about US soccer. This topic is obviously above you, since you can't even talk about it in an intelligent manner so it's ok--you're dismissed from this thread.
Again, if you didn't understand it the first time: this isn't about other countries, this is about US soccer. Maybe if you didn't reduce things down to small sound bites like "SJW!!" then you'd be able to understand more complex topics.
The lesson of Chernobyl portrayed by this show can be applied to governments, religion, even the way businesses are run. Any time 'faith' or blind trust is involved, you're going to have conflicts of interest and then it becomes a moral question. This show did an exceptional job of portraying that.
that's awesome that you don't think there are issues, but that's just an opinion. Blanket dismissal of stuff just because you don't like it isn't a good life skill FYI.
Can't help but feel a bit disappointed they didn't show the sarcophagus at all. I do understand the purpose of how they were telling the story, but IMO it's still an impressive story worth telling.
"Truck" lol
My family remembers that the government told people to turn off all their lights at night so that the Honduras couldn't bomb San Salvador
Does it really matter since practically every inch of the rest of San Salvador is covered in garbage gang graffiti?
Is he back on coke and thinks he's actually Tony Stark?
I wouldn't hold my breath waiting on that one
Oh wait, you're serious. Let me laugh even harder.
Yamaha have sucked for a while now, it was good on JLo to leave
Not a JLo cheerleader, but he did go to the teams that are capable of consistently winning. Seems Yamaha have started the past couple of season on their back-foot and it has only gotten worse at the season progresses.
serote estafador como todos los 'lideres' de iglesias
The movie certainly didn't need him, but he was a pleasant surprise. The restaurant scene was downright hilarious.
Had engineered hardwood and it was very fragile top layer, and could be ruined with enough water. It looked nice and felt nice but wouldn't use that again. I have wood-look tile now and it's awesome, no problems with waterproofing or scratching.
You all missed the point that it was time for Jane to move out on her own finally. Yes Jorge was being a jerk and Alba too, but if it's what they want then it's their business. It drove the point that Jane didn't fit in with her grandma and it was time to move out.
Damn, this is terrible news. RIP to another one of NOLA's legends. I was lucky enough to see him about 2 years ago at a festival and he could still jam but he looked very frail.
Why worry about something we all know won't happen?
People who can't even change a tire or bother to check their oil.
No wonder Walmart produce always seem to be on the verge of going bad, including the fruit.
A lot of contractors suck at actually running a business. Call more contractors, and what you're experiencing is common based on my experiences in two homes in two different states.
Meanwhile, Fenati still has a ride.
I got a set of used RSCs, and definitely way better than the Rs. Still not quite as good as Zees but way better than Rs.
Probably government
His 'punishment' was laughable for trying to kill someone. I don't know who bankrolls him but they must have some significantly deep pockets.
Well, bye.
Wtf do you call trying to make someone crash on purpose at speed during a race?
Are you him or you just like POS riders? Lol
He's a grown ass man who knew exactly what he was doing and what could happen, and stop making excuses for complete stranger-- it's pathetic.
Good, kids shouldn't be smoking in the first place.
Lol at least Cena won't be a threat to Vin Diesel as far as acting goes
'98 and '10 were pretty good finals
in terms of what?
+1 on looking for a therapist that does a sliding scale. There is also a therapist by internet but don't know what they cost, the site is www.betterhelp.com
Alba is well aware of mateo's problems, since if you haven't caught on yet Jane, Alba, and Xiomara talk about everything all the time. Jane wants to see her grandma happy, and that's why she didn't want to rock the boat in a house that's clearly no longer hers. Clearly jane wants to keep the peace, and painting Jorge as the bad guy would have caused big problems with Alba and upset her whole family dynamic.
He also absolutely hated black people and jews, so there is that
Only took two decades to realize this woman is an og garbage becky
You forgot Bergkamp, who scored one of the best goals ever against Brasil. Looking back, it's easy to look back at all the great players with hindsight in mind specially compared to the players and teams now.
It's easy to see why Mateo lacks boundaries and overall has poor behavior compared to the other kids. Since birth the kid's life hasn't been stable, and going from Jane to Rafael to Michael to Rogelio and Xo to Alba and back again isn't the most stable or consistent environment for a kid despite their best efforts. I don't agree at all with Alba or Jorge's behavior but one of the points made in the episode is that it's what both of them want and Jane showed a lot of maturity by letting them be with no judgement.
I don't know where they're going with the ADHD storyline, but it was good to see Jane have a very realistic reaction and response to her idealistic parenting style not working out. Up to this point, it seemed that she had always stuck to her guns with little to no repercussions.
If I understood the explanation from the show, there needed to be a certain residual thermal output to keep the turbines spinning while the diesel generators came on line. If the power of the reactor was too low and had been for quite some time, then there wouldn't have been that thermal 'cushion' to keep the turbines spinning. The point of the test was to keep coolant flowing continuously in the event of a power outage, if I understood the explanation presented in the show.
The US is the best at developing women players BECAUSE the rest of the country has very little to no development of women. It's why a lot of foreign female players come to the US university system to play soccer and then go somewhere else after school is done.
No, this isn't The Notebook.
Jane apologized out of respect and love for Alba, and to drive home the point that Jane shouldn't be living with Jorge and Alba.
That's a lie and you know it, LOL
Que coman mierda esos serotes. Bien se sabe que viven de la extocion, y lo que estan haciendo es tratar de extorcionar al govierno. Hay que vea Bukele si le ven la cara de pendejo.
Again the USWNT showing their "class". Was 13 goals really fucking necessary? I hope they get their ass bounced in the next round.
You confuse superiority for arrogance
People in general just suck
Just the type of performance I'd expect from a bunch of entitled, arrogant, and cliqueish group of women. Congrats on beating up on a much weaker team of asian women, you sure showed them. You're clearly expecting to get your ass waxed by Sweden if you're concerned about things like goal differential.
I got an '18. No worrying about head gasket problems and avoid similar to stories of folks who have unfortunately have had problems due to the head gasket fix like oil leaks, etc.
If one of the biggest douchebags to play for the USWNT is calling you out, you know you've fucked up.
Puyol is nothing but pure class (same with Xavi and Iniesta), and players like him aresorely missed.
this has been going on for years, so the real question is what are the people actually going to do about it? shaming the current congress members is a start, but that should really be retroactive in terms of holding people accountable from the very beginning that let this happen.
No clue, but my question is: then what?
Thumbs up from one red RS to another
If your priority is space, then get the Civic. If you want something to keep long term and don't mind that it's a small car then get the Corolla. The Corolla has dual injection and the CVT has a physical 1st gear. The Civic's infotainment sucks and there are the looks (especially the rear end), but it's bigger and still a nice cabin.
Is there anything people on this sub won't fucking complain and whine about?
The ending has already been written and filmed so you're wasting your time if you think this will change anything.
Yes. Yes it will. In some places people don't care, but texas isnt one of them and families with kids do want at least one tub in the house at a minimum.
This is a South Carolina problem. Same complaints amd treatment at a car plant, IIRC.
Good. Chinese tourist are some of the worst behaved. Just go to any national park and look to see who blatantly ignores the rules the most.
Another entitled holy roller foreigner enforcing their will on others.
Not surprised in the least since I actually witnessed someone going over the barriers to step on a geyser.
one of the worst ceremonies of any sports event, no doubt. it just showed that the US didn't have a clue about soccer
Your wife is right. I'd be highly concerned on any kind of natural wood flooring in the kitchen or bathroom, or anywhere else that is exposed to water as a buyer. If your feet hurt, wear shoes or put some memory foam rugs in the kitchen. Tile has been used in kitchen since like forever for a good reason: impervious to water, easy to clean, easy to replace.
Bribes and corruption
2018 should have been held somewhere other than Russia, and the Quatar thing was evident was a huge payoff.
No, it wasn't.
So when I was building my home, the roofers got poached from my builder and walked out of the job. It was on my builder to find new roofers to complete the job. I don't see how this is any different unless your contract states something else. Realistically, I'd have a frank talk with your GC that you can't absorb all the cost overrun and that you preferably don't want to terminate the contract or have this get ugly, so both of you need to come up with a plan that works.
Too short: Terminator: Sarah Connor Chronicles Better off Ted Netflix One Day At A Time Amazon The Tick Showtime Ash vs Evil Dead Hulu Black Jesus Farscape The Mist Luke Cage Daredevil 2 1/2 men Too long: Friends Grey's Anatomy Big Bang The Simpsons Family Guy Walking Dead
FIFA should find a replacement for FIFA, since it's their fault this whole thing is a shitshow in the first place.
Gee, you mean to tell me a team of professionals beat a team of amateurs that are barely allowed to play a sport that's one of the mainstays of the other team? What a shocker.
Calling all meth-addicted rednecks, time to step up and take over all the jobs those 'dirty foreigners' took from you
Lol yeah leaching off welfare, social and medical services does sound kind of good. And here I've been working hard for decades like a sucker when i could have gotten into meth and opioids and lived off the government this entire time.
So you're actually defending meth addicts? Lmfao
At least i hope autonomous cars won't run red lights or swerve into traffic, that would be a huge improvement.
Nope, they're trying to scam you.
yeah....i'm not sitting through another 3 hrs just to see some cutting room floor bits.
Doesn't seem that great but it all depends what's available and popular in your area.
I'm not wrong on that one.
how is that any different that calling brown people illegals, animals, etc? Same coin, different side.
maybe they finally realized they were listening to the absurd hackery that is Jimmy Buffet
What's clear (IMO) is that FIFA is still figuring out how the hell to use VAR. Last WC people complained it wasn't used enough, and now it seems they have gone in the exact opposite direction. VAR is only a tool. I've seem some really ludicrous shit called via VAR (like the called back PK that was missed), but it's not VAR's fault rather the people behind the screen making the calls.
Fuck off with your stupid bullshit. No one from Canada is trying to jump the border to the US or seek asylum from Canada so your example is the logic of a child. And when the mainstream media refers to immigrants as "rapists, murderers, the worst of the worst" then it's not just simply a small group of people as you call it. Stop trying to "not all white people..." this and own your shit.
Yes, own the racist shit white people are doing and stop trying use erroneous naive "arguments" like you But Canada! comment. I've humored you more than enough, so I'm done with you.
The handballs in the box calls and the goalie off the line thing is dumb as hell in this tournament. Even worse when you see that the men's games are not called like this at all. Hopefully the final of this WC won't come down to shit like what happened on this game.
Where is the handball? Seems like it hits the guy's quad and gets deflected over the bar.
Scotland shit the bed, and big tip of the hat to Argentina.
It's physically impossible to save a well placed kick to the edges of the goal during a PK, so having the keeper take steps doesn't matter unless they come charging towards the penalty spot.
I wonder what size lifts Cruise is wearing. I'm so glad What We Do In The Shadows took the whole vampire realm into the absurd.
Army of Darkness 2 setting would have been phenomenal and brought the series full circle. I didn't care for Ash's daughter and wish we'd know how the giant creatures were defeated (or not) before jumping into the future.
Agreed, more solo stuff. Hasan doesn't need any sidekicks.
GE mid-range top loader. Done.
So in other words, you had a typical BMW owner's experience
We bought the mazda one online for about $45 plus shipping. It's just ok but it's this weird mix of having rigid panels but too heavy to support itself if it's not completely up against the windshield--if that makes any sense. I'd go with a Covercraft one or another high quality custom fit shade. Stay away from the cheap amazon ones, they're usually too flimsy and with use they start to get very crumbly like when you crush parts of a box and it won't return to its original shape.
Doctors, nurses, surgeons. Bouncers.
They played better than a lot of the concacaf teams, that's for sure.
That offsides call was BS
Fuck Neville and fuck all the racists picking on Cameroon. If those calls would have been made against European teams, they would have most likely gone the other way--the evidence is clear from all the shitty VAR calls at this WC.
a racist says what?
Who cares about drunk ass tourist
That looked completely accidental, but you probably have a KKK or Proud Boys rally to get to.
Wow, Mexico. For all the talk about 'viva mexico' and acting so proud you sure turned into the US's bitch without so much as a whimper. Utterly pathetic.
LOL. Lesson #1: what is customer service? I used AAA to register my cars in CA and it was a far better experience.
Florida: Darwin's Lab.
Y va a seguir pasando, porque aun antes de ser electo presidente Cepillin fue a los Estados Unidos a practicamente declarer su lealtad al imperio. Que estan haciendo las embajadas en los Estados Unidos y Mexico por esta gente. Que ha dicho Cepillin que es su plan, porque ir a plantar arboles no va a deneter a esta pobre gente de irse.
Sickening to see these women being picked on because they're women, they're black, and they're from an African country--all things people fear and/or hate.
Serious bro, just like you shitty opinions are serious to you.
This is BS. Plenty of crap done by other teams/players that didn't get singled out because they're not evil black women.
you sure about that bro?
You from Cameroon? if not then STFU
Take some of your own advice, and take your insecurities elsewhere too.
LMAO. Then why do people in Tijuana constantly cross into the US every single day? They just don't like other people being able to do the same. At the end of the day, the leadership in Mexico has no balls whatsoever to stand up to another country telling them what they should/shouldn't be doing. Pathetic.
Who in mexico can't cross? For the last few years, there actually has been negative migration of Mexicans (i.e. more people going back then coming to the US), so who are the ones that according to you: 1) are the majority and 2) can't cross and need jobs. If people in mexico can't find jobs, seems to be it's the problem of mexico and the Mexican government. And guess why all those people from CA are coming through....because they can't find jobs either!
What does this have to do with what I posted? You're claiming "not enough jobs in TJ" and that the evil central american immigrants are taking those jobs when in reality the migrants have no interest in staying in mexico and its it's not like mexican are giving them jobs anyway. The only reason migrants are in mexico is because Mexico is doing the US's dirty work when it comes to dealing with migrants.
Que en paz descansen esta pobre gente, y el pésame para la familia. Ojalá esto sirva para al fin convencer a la gente que no vale la pena venir.
If you plan on keeping it long term then leasing seems like a dumb idea.
Hey Willie...
the pendulum had swung in completely the opposite way from super short shorts and tight tennis shirts
No estoy en desacuerdo, pero despues que hacemos. Para eso hay que tener un plan bien pensado y implementado porque sino salen peor o igual las cosas.
The jury is still out on that since now we'd been playing with "how tight can we make a jersey/shorts" for alleged compression benefits.
Let's see if the cops will even enforce this, since they don't even enforce people running red lights.
Not interested. Glorifying of war needs to stop, and I'd much rather see shows in the same vein as Chernobyl--focusing on the victims.
Good on him. Weird Al is a fantastic musician and gets got plenty of hits, so it's not like he's only known for doing MJ parodies.
This is corporate culture in the US, there is nothing exceptional about Boeing doing this. Every corporate entity has and will continue to pick profit over people, and we let it happen.
Fuck Joey
And how has the current glorification of war worked out so far? We don't learn shit one way or another.
I've got a '18 and maybe i got used to it but i never felt it was that bad.
Yep. Don't get me wrong, it's not a plush ride but it isn't a beat up civic on ebay coilovers either.
you can but the dropper will never return to the same height every time as if you let it extend all the way. sounds like you have the wrong size dropper.
Have fun dying for nothing. Yet again.
the OP asked can I just stop the dropper with my butt instead of letting it go all the way to the top, and the answer is yes but it will not be at the same height each and every time since it's impossible to put your body at the exact same time each and every time.
I've been known to float in water before...
Did they ask the local cops if they shot anyone that night?
Maybe because it sucked
Pro drivers said the thing was unforgiving and just didn't drive very well compared to the competition.
But it's not a muscle car. It's an European hypercar that had to compete against Ferraris, lambos, and other exotics.
Police require you to file report for break ins, even if nothing as taken as well as vandalism.
It's because the story sucked. Her immediate attraction to Seth's character and them hooking up made no sense whatsoever.
Yep, same as everything else that's metal. The salt is just too corrosive.
How was he the creator if Ugly Betty was just the US adapted version of a 90's Colombian soap opera?
The time for what? To correctly report what the guy actually did?
And that's fine, but everyone knows who came up with the concept of GOT and it's not the people who made the TV series
You'll want to put some money away to replace that A/C system; depending on where you live and how much you use it then you may need it sooner than later. Any other appliances you need to replace, now is the time to do it. Same with any renovations you want to get done like flooring or paint or countertops/cabinets.
Still no space for a water bottle :-( And value wise it seems YT doesn't exactly have it as much anymore unless they go on sale. The parts spec has gone consistently down for the past 2 years.
Who cares about CES anyway. These big trade shows are going away across multiple industries and they certainly don't carry the same punch they once did.
Thank jebus the CRT days are over, that was painful to watch. The Spies rule was total BS from the start, and how convenient that it was done away with when HRC wanted Marquez.
Go talk to a lactation consultant asap!! If there is a local breastfeeding ground, try going to it. My wife struggled with her milk supply, and then she got engorged when her milk finally came in. It's a struggle and even at 2 months she's still isn't making enough to be freezing milk or anything like that. Only thing that matters at the end is that your baby is fed and gaining weight, even if it's with formula.
We wash everything and it goes into the steam sanitizer each and every time. Just soap and water won't kill bacteria and stuff like sanitizing will.
Guilllllermooo..
142k in 4 years? That's insane imo. If you're limited by budget, try to find the best vehicle for your price point, meaning best condition and lowest miles.
I'll never run a front derailleur again of i can help it. 1x have plenty of range and gearing options IMO.
Do you truly need AWD or will a set of good winter tires get you what you need? I ask because most cuvs with awd are mainly fwd anyway. I'm guessing used subarus are off the list?
Ours went through the same. Apart from talking to the ped, we tried gripe water, probiotics, wife stopped eating dairy or anything that would potentially upset the baby's stomach. Warm bath always helped, even if just for a little bit. We bought a wedge to put in her bassinet in case it was reflux. Sometimes nothing helps but eventually it goes away so dont be so hard on yourself.
Because it focused on how he got crazy, and not so much in all the antics when he went full Maradona.
Yeah that's a crappy job
And that the diego disappeared and only Maradona remained
Stay humble and grateful, but don't be a doormat and stand up for what you believe.
We dry all our stuff with paper towels. I realize that technically contaminates the bottles since the paper towels aren't sterile, but to me the point of sterilizing is to kill germs/bacteria/etc that the soap and hot water didn't kill, as well as anything else present in your sink or wherever you wash the baby and pumping stuff. I'd rather not have water hanging around in the bottle that can grow mold vs drying it with a paper towel and dealing with whatever potential consequences.
Sometimes, and we use a white noise generator at night. It's bad enough the person gets woken up and told to go to another room lol
Try to take as much time off work as you can so that you can be with your wife and new baby. I know parental leave for most places suck or even don't offer it at all, but if you can then try to take the most advantage of it. Be very considerate of you wife, she's going through a lot very quickly and it can be extremely overwhelming. It's hard, and it will be hard for a while but try to do the best job you can.
No wonder her husband cheated on her and defrauded her. She didn't take that 'break' for nothing.
I'll never own a home that doesn't have kitchen venting to the outside. The smell, the humidity, and the grease are all significantly reduced. You still have to clean up but not nearly as bad as if you had no exhaust or a vent that just spits it back into the kitchen.
For me everything changed as soon as i saw my LO right after she was born. Once I held her it was all over. It was like i was now in a new reality and whatever happened before that is irrelevant. Yeah i miss my free time but I'd rather change diapers than binge watch a show. The shows and hobbies and stuff will be there, my LO wont be this age forever so I'm trying to be as present as I can.
Because people are generally garbage who can't have nice things.
Hyundai making all the right moves. Now they need to work on their dealerships.
If you look at this in how major cities are laid out, 45mins is definitely reasonable alternative for flying in. Just look at the Los Angeles area or NYC or even Houston and Dallas/Fort Worth.
This was satire done to perfection IMO
It would have actually made ROS watchable
My wife started pumping the day after she gave birth. I dont know where you're at but here in the US they tell women to pump as soon as they can in order to help the milk come in and not get engorged. My wife ended up getting engorged and it was very painful for her.
He said in the podcast no to season 2. He said only if he'd felt he had something to say that could be told well through Watchmen.
I'm only repeating what the lactation consultants at the hospital told us on more than one consultation. Not all women are able to produce milk or colostrum at the same quantity or frequency, or in fact get the milk out efficiently which is what was my wife's complication at first. One thing we learned fast is that breastfeeding is complicated and heavily dependent on the individual.
If they wanted to make a show about how slavery never went away, all they have to do is make a documentary about the US penal system at a local, state, and federal level.
At least they had the part. I needed a cassette tool and no one had it, and some even seemed like they had never heard of one.
Two things: I'd change the whole mentality of "pues lo que mande dios". Constantly settling, nor striving or demanding, and just living with whatever crap one is given. The other is this whole fetish with wanting to be gringo, which has been around for way too long. We need to have pride in who we are as a country and as a people.
Stop being a fucking dick. It's none of your fucking business how someone handles their trauma. What you're doing is victim blaming and it's disgusting.
As supposed to what? Is your reading comprehension broken today?
So is that what's triggering you? Yep, it was her decision to press charges or not. But it was FIT's responsibility under the law to report it and not sweep it under the rug. That's the issue here. There could be a multiple of reasons why she didn't press charges, and it's none of our damn business.
Be a good little troll now, lol
Hmm, didn't about getting sick from the nose frida as I've been sucking the snot out of my 2 month old's nose all week and I woke up with a scratchy throat this morning...
So you not only went on a racist rant but also victim shamed? Get some help, you need it.
Your comprehension of this topic is a total failure.
Because surely it must be them foreign brown people's fault...And if you really think "oh great for her" then why mention anything that this may be all for attention on her part. The correct response would be to not say anything about what her motivation might be, like a decent person would do.
I'll say it again: we don't know why she didn't press charges and it's none of our business. This isn't enabling rapists. Enabling rapists is not reporting the assault to the proper authorities like FIT did, and also it's not intimidating victims by badgering them with "could have/would have/should have".
Tienen en común que no sirven de nada porque son populistas que se aprovecharon de darle paja a la gente con lo que querían oir.
In all fairness, there is a bug that's been going around at work so it might be that or allergies but I'd rather be sick than my LO since i can load up on meds and my LO can't.
A bath helps if not for a little while
Brings up a good point that I rarely see changing tables in the men's restrooms, at least around where I live. No family bathroom either. We were finally out with the baby in the touristy around of town and had to hunt for a bathroom with a changing table.
Is this going to end up being like True Detective where the 1st season was awesome and the 2nd was total garbage based on the success of the 1st? Lindelof has a lot of respect for the comic and original material, HBO should respect that and let it end.
Honda dealers have been the worst to deal with, from my experience. Lazy, arrogant, condescending salespeople who think the car sells itself and therefore don't have to do anything in terms of customer service--truly pathetic. There are dealers and sale staff that are evolving, while others refuse to let go of the old tricks. It takes effort to weed out the bad ones, but while the dealership mafia exists in the US then car buying will continue to suck.
Savagegeese broke down how it works. You can't trash a car/manufacturer because then they won't lend you press cars to do reviews on.
We quickly wrote off Honda and went to Mazda. Complete 180 from a Honda dealership, from contact and negotiations via email to actually going into the dealer and buying a car.
One honda dealer we went to didn't even have brochures for the cars they were selling ( or at least that was they claim). All they said was "ummm all that stuff is online now"
It's fine if they don't want to waste paper but at least have a tablet or something available so that the customer can look at the model info right then and there
It's ok to want nice stuff for your baby. We bought a nice crib (not the most expensive, but with good reviews and ability to grow with the baby) and well as a stroller, carrier, changing station, etc. There are plenty of products out there where you don't have to get the most expensive thing out there while also avoiding the really cheap stuff that you'll most likely have to buy again when it breaks or wears out quickly.
BBC fumbled the reboot of Top Gear, but not the firing of Clarkson.
A good glider/rocker chair with ottoman
Just from the report, i can tell those owners didn't take care of that house. Who knows what other surprises lurking around that the inspector couldn't catch. The roof slope is a big deal specially in Houston where it rains and not to mention the occasional hurricane. Not giving money to fix obvious problems (loose outlets and electrical, cracked grout, stuck windows, rotted siding, etc is a big red flag.
La gente come lo que puede pagar con el dinero que tiene. El uso de la manteca y aceite para cocinar es lo más insaludable pero al menos antes la gente iba al mercado a comprar todo los ingredientes frescos y no cosas ultra procesadas.
We went to target and got whatever Serta crib mattress they had with a good mattress cover and sheet set. Our 2 month old only naps in the crib and we figured we'd change mattresses anyway when she's actually sleeping there full time.
Cooled seats are worth it, specially if you live anywhere that gets hot.
Then it's a must-have IMO. I wish the rear seats were cooled as well, since the ventilation to the back isn't great.
Can we get a multi-crossover between this show and Children's Hospital, NTSF:SD:SVU, and Angie Tribeca?
Ours does that a lot too, and we've just gotten used to it. It comes and goes now at 11 weeks, and yeah it doesn't let us get good sleep because we keep thinking something is wrong but we're slowly getting used to it.
Let me guess, white people telling a story they have no business telling?
oh they care, it's just that there so desensitized to appropriation that things like these don't come as a surprise at all
So people around here will have to wear actual shoes and pants for once instead of flip flops and swim shorts
Talk to your pediatrician, they're there to help and know your baby. Some babies are like only 10min in each breast and they're good and gain weight well, others take much longer and are fine or may still need supplemental milk.
People don't take kindly to having their own stories told back to them by outsiders that often have no clue and context about what they're writing about and the impact it will have. The answer to this is for those people to be the owners and writers of their own stories (which they do), but the problem is that stories written by outsiders get much more visibility--in this case Oprah's book club--not because they're better but because of where it comes from.
And?
Because her being half Puerto rican = the same as anyone Hispanic in your mind?
So what will it cost? Because if you say free then it means you're selling advertising and therefore sharing/mining personal data or something else.
No, it's worse and it's happened plenty of times too.
Put on your big boy pants and look up the definition of Hispanic.
That's not bad at all if indeed it's secure so that images and data can't be accessed by 3rd parties.
Well yeah, they need new cars to run at Texas 2K lol
Fruit. Seriously, piñatas are only meant to hold candy (and maybe some money) in it. Keep your mangos, oranges, and other "healthy" snacks away from the piñata!
And you managed to find the most generic definition that gives no context, just like yourself.
Was breaking bad based on real events or completely a work of fiction? I'd say it was fiction. This book was supposedly meant to tell the stories of people at the border, yet is full of stereotypes and tropes hence the shit that it's getting. Besides, there are already similar material written by people who come from those communities who actually understand the subject, yet they won't ever get into oprah's book club.
I've been here two years already and was concerned about a bubble but there isn't one. More people keep moving here, that's driving demand and supply. The city is growing and prices are following according, now you'll have to make the decision if you want to jump in now or wait but i doubt a huge downturn is coming unless one of the major local employers goes under or we get catastrophically hit by a storm.
Yep, that's me at the moment. Just when i think "oh I'm figuring this out" comes a bout of crying and fussiness that I cannot stop unless my wife steps in.
If you don't have an agent, you can just call who ever is selling it for a showing. That doesn't mean you have to use that person. If you have your heart set on that house, you can find your own agent and negotiate a lower percentage since you already did part of their job (finding a house you want to buy).
How about more reliability? No? Too much to ask?
Because the US has such a good record in honoring treaties with Native Americans...
They'll get sick in school plus they need social interaction. Maybe try another daycare that perhaps takes better care when children are sick? Not all daycares are the same.
Why would I pay someone a fee for already doing their job for them? if 80% of the buyers have already found their home, then the real estate agent is failing--plain and simple. Their job is to find the homes since part of the reason you're paying them is because they have access to MLS. I don't need someone to just open the door for me when I'm looking at homes. Anything can be negotiated in a contract, so if I only want to give my agent 2% because I already have the home ready to go then they should let the seller's agent know and be reflected in the contract. The seller's agent shouldn't care since they're getting their percentage either way, the seller wouldn't care since they would like less taken out of their profit, and the buyer gains by maybe negotiating a lower price on the home.
I've used Greenleaf for my new build, and i recommend them.
I like my cars to actually run, and not simply borrow them from my mechanic every now and then
Because you're the ultimate authority in real estate? Get the fuck out of here with that. Just because you've never seen it done doesn't mean it hasn't been done. Anything is negotiable, and contract can and are amended all the time.
I like the Giulia, even briefly thought about one but all the long term test reports indicate Alfa's reputation is very much alive. If i could afford it as a third or fourth car that gets driven once in a while, i probably would.
No, just no. I remember when motogp was on Fox and they would be talking over the damn race constantly, cut away important parts of the race, etc, etc. I'll stick with videopass.
Thanks for making my point. 15% of each closing per months is not a small number, so it's not zero like the "expert" trying to tell me that never ever happens.
4 weeks old is very young to start sleeping in the crib by themselves at night, they still to feel close to you. Our LO slept well in the bassinet right next to the bed using a swaddle blanket, so maybe try that if you haven't.
TGUSA really hit it's stride in the end ,even though Adam was worthless. The car challenges and trips were entertaining and didnt feel like total copies of the original.
Yep, because when they look in the mirror or at their selfies they see a white, blonde, blue eyed European instead of who they really are.
Petronas will turn into VR46 after this season if not sooner.
The racism, colorism, and classicism in Latin American countries is well established. Some of the ones who've made it here "the right way" look down upon the darker skinned, poverty ridden, desperate migrants who in their home countries make up the poor working class.
We went through the same thing. Longest was 8 days and it had been 5 before that. We gave her probiotics and the ped recommended gerber apple or pear juice between feedings. Our LO is a lot more regular now but I totally sympathize with you. We kept bothering the ped (specially when she had the 8 day stretch) for guidance and to check that everything was still ok, at least for a little piece of mind. Warm baths to help the baby relax, light tummy massages, and checking the temp rectally (only once a day) was what we did.
Risk of SIDS associated with sleeping on their stomach, but we let our LO nap that way since she doesn't want to be swaddled anymore and doesn't sleep well face up. We monitor closely and lay her in the middle of the crib with no bulky sheets or toys around, and she uses a pacifier which apparently lowers the risk a little bit. At night we still swaddle and put her face up after she's bathed and fed so that she'll knock out.
Do it. The whole house will look taller than it is plus you've mentioned the ease of acess to some areas. I only have 8ft tall slider in the back and the front door, but wish the whole house was like that. A lot of wasted space plus it would overall look better.
Builders have spec sheets for how they build homes so unless you're going fully custom you typically won't get what they don't offer.
If they're going to make it ridiculous expensive, hard pass.
If your pediatrician says is fine then try a little bit, maybe a half ounce to one ounce in between feedings once or twice a day and see if that helps. One thing that surp3me as a 1st time parent is that there are a lot of things for which there are no answers to and its like "well try this..."
We tried that and the people so seemed qualified wanted a rate 2 to 3x what daycares cost. If you can afford it then it's a good choice or maybe 2 or 3 days a week but for full time care it's very expensive.
as supposed to the state report within a corrupt system meant to protect law enforcement? yeah that makes sense...
Certified asshole doing asshole things.
Lmao true. After 10pm it was also time to show all those weird shows that had no mainstream advertisement. LiquidTV on MTV for example.
wow those officers sure look like they fear for their own lives. you know, all geared up in riot gear with weapons against unarmed civilians with nothing more than their phone and car keys in their pocket.
Because it shows how big your ass is.
Not until at least 1 year old
Consider supplementing with formula and give her a little more milk before bedtime, that worked with ours until she started sleeping through the night.
Tummy time, lots of talking, listening to music, book and toys for brain development. At 3 months old they can't do much yet besides sleep, eat, and tummy time so don't feel bad if they seem bored or you're showing the same stuff over and over again. We're at almost 7 months with our LO and trust me that they will demand to be entertained and sometimes you'll miss the 3-4 month stage lol
So where was the militarized police when the anti lockdown protesters stormed government buildings armed to the teeth?
Civil War II: Electric Boogaloo
The US thought they had way more training, equipment, resources than the Vietcong and we all know how that turned out.
We usually do half formula and half breast milk and our baby doesn't mind. We've also used to supplement with the premixed formula bottles and apart from more poopy diapers she didn't care as long as the formula isn't cold.
It was the blurts of times??!!
Go ahead and keep going, double down even. Attack anyone and anything and watch as people stop traveling here, foreign companies stop doing business here, etc, etc. This is a great path that you're on...
If Fenati was allowed back on the grip after trying to injure another rider during a race, AI surely deserves to get his seat back just because he was dumb enough to try to get jacked for the 'gram
Do you have any contact with family there? That would be the easiest (and safest, unless they're shady) way to see the real ES. I don't know how real you want things though since even those of us who are from there don't want to see some of that stuff. There are tour businesses that will take you around a lot of cool places.
She's not wrong.
It's because the run-of-the-mill citizen understands politics at the same level as they understand sports: I have my team and I'll back them no matter what. It seems to be a cultural thing rather than an intelligence thing.
Shamed he missed. He should have at least kicked that old man in the balls.
Agree as well. We were extremely conflicted on daycare even before all this since we both felt that we were missing out, and even though I've been working this entire time it has been great to have our LO at home this entire time and see all the changes. I'm personally glad a lot of things like video conferencing, online classes, curbside pickup, etc have been forced to evolve since there really wasn't a reason to not have those things before the pandemic. I am sad my family hasn't been able to see my LO in person in months and she probably won't recognize them the next time she sees them.
Are extorsions still going on? what about massive economic inequality? what about impunity for crimes? what about all those that have disappeared? what about all those that have been forced to migrate in caravans due to all the reasons I just listed. So how the fuck is San Salvador not that dangerous anymore
I do talk to people in ES, and 'safer' is relative. Are some 'hot spots' not so dangerous anymore? sure. But other areas have popped up that didn't use to be dangerous and now are very much so.
That's pretty ambitious to call the entire city of San Salvador as 'more safe' IMO
Well yeah, it was the Predators
Instead they're spending it on ads saying how awesome it is to work at Amazon. I get bombarded by them on streaming services.
Oh, you mean the multiple school and mass shootings weren't enough of a reason to do it before all this? Trash company.
My solution? I'm not the one who ran for president. Maybe instead of getting into pissing contents he should do something more productive like fixing the infrastructure (clean water, reliable service, etc), the education system, etc, etc.
Again, I'm not the one who ran for president or public office. If he can start building a hospital from scratch, i'm sure he can figure out how to start doing the rest of the stuff I mentioned.
US law enforcement have a very close relationship with Israeli law enforcement, much closer than you'd think
Fuck this guy
Cant wait to pick up a barely used bike at the end of the year for cheap from all these people who all of a sudden wanted to try mountain biking
Gotta love the word smithing: vascular neck restraint. Aka choking people. If they happen to pass out or die, that's de-escalation right?
Defund the police, ICE, and CBP. Get rid of Dept. Of Homeland Security too.
Poor Mark Zuckerberg. First his dick gets blown in a freak microwave popcorn accident, then his grandfather made him in a Nazi lab down in Brasil, and now this.
Shoes are on the wrong feet though. Kids are funny.
I think there is one in the focusrs forums. Basically find one with the head gasket recall already done (if applicable) and that isn't badly modded or beat to hell, like any other performance car.
Matt Braunger talks about this experience being kind of traumatic. He's got a lifetime ban from Ikea and supposedly threatened with physical violence on various occasions.
In other words: the gun was locked but not anymore, so feel free to play Russian roulette as much as you want!
Saw him at Laguna, and hell yeah I miss him and riders like him. Marco seemed like an old-school rider while a lot of the paddock had already been taken over by the PR-savvy, polished image racers. Absolutely tragic and cruel that Rossi was one of the riders whose bike struck Marco in the accident. To this day I really don't know how Rossi got over that or how he handles that.
lol at least he's ready to go for his next bath
The real question is why would you want to live with your parents as a grown-up?
Oh man. My LO likes baths only if she's reclined or relaxed but otherwise hates being seated. We've only tried the shower once so far and it was just ok; she was confused by the water stream lol
LOL! I bet that was fun to clean up
LMAO. Good joke man.
Well this is a head scratcher. Didn't Pol not get along too well with the Marquez clan in moto2? Why didn't HRC sign Zarco if they wanted a hold-over year for A. Marquez to cut his teeth on a satellite team?
Es la misma mierda que hicieron cuando se murió la pobre niña está con su papá tratando de cruzar el río en Texas. Solo pura paja. Puta la gente ni siquiera la han sacado y quiere llegar este serote a hablar sus mierdas. Que coma mierda mejor, estupido aprovechado sin vergüenza.
Because it works when applied correctly to serve the public. See any Scandinavian or most European countries if you have doubts.
JLo came out looking like a clown after complaining about Sic
The one cop was about to go to town while he was on the ground if the other hadn't shoved him. What the actual fuck. Lock up these fucking terrorists!
I see it like raising the batton like he was about to hit him to stay down
What a fucking pussy. BUNKER BITCH
So brave! Bravo to the cops for taking down such a powerful threat! Fucking spineless cowards.
You've made no fucking sense so I'm just stringing you along for amusement. If you're such a genius, then fix the problems in ES! You seem to have all the answers, go and get to it! What are you waiting for wasting time on reddit?
"His monopoly is wrong, mine is better!"
Don't blame her because she got paid, blame the people in charge for having their priorities completely backwards
A gun, a maga hat, gator jerky, a half used pack of cigarettes
Where is Dovi going though?
Ah look at UCF trying to be a real school
better than on the KTM lol
Exactly. "oh that was just probably Bobby John drunk or something"
Good question. Rumors say him and Gigi don't get along, but yeah it'd be dumb to jump ship now unless you're in fact being treated poorly.
Fight for your child and use any tools at your disposal including the media. Get a lawyer if you dont have one that wants to fight as much as you do to get your child back. This is horrendous and I'm so sorry this is happening to you.
It's because theyre sold out.
TG was a recruitment video for the military, and another rah-rah USA during the cold war. It's just a popcorn flick; bad acting, bad story, bad movie. Oh and BTW, the navy apparently has a pretty bad training and accident record as of late. It's all in a ProPublica article; not to mention the whole Tailhook controversy from a while back.
So how did it actually go? We were planning to go but on FB people we know were saying that the police said that the KKK and Proud Boys were planning on showing up too.
If he's as good a sniper as he is in goal, no one has to worry about getting shot lol
That's good to hear, and we still wanted to go but we weren't up for potentially getting tear gasses or rubber bullets of things got really bad.
We would have bottle ready to go and not talk to our LO or turn lights on so that she would try to understand it was still sleeping time. Worked about half the time until she thankfully started sleeping through the night again. Other times we'd see if she went back to sleep on her own or last resort would be to get up and tire her out. It sucked, no sugarcoating it.
Thanks for the referral and we've been donating and figuring out how else we can help.
She's a woman of color, breathing.
No
It's an empty gesture. If the police really want to show they have good intentions, start snitching on the bad apples instead of protecting them.
Username checks out
Now would be the time for all those 'good' cops to do something about this
This guy is a fucking POS. Oh now he decides to grow a conscience since the writing is clearly on the wall that history will vilify him and everyone else associated with Trump
When the trailer and the deleted scenes are better than the movie, the movie sucks. Covenant is even worse. Ridley Scott can't write a movie for shit, even the alien-philes agree on that.
Woah woah, what about Georgia? Or Alabama? Or Mississippi? Or South Carolina? Or North Carolina? LOL
Karen gotta karen
This is Jackie Daytona's favorite show
Nosotros no decimos "gabacho". Los mexicanos dicen eso, pero nosotros decimos simplemente gringo.
Aaaand this is why people call BS on the "few bad apples" strawman
Clearwater?
Wada is a joke. Russia, china, etc continue to do whatever they want but sure throw the book at this guy...
So why aren't people like Keck speaking out against people like Garmin?
"I'm not even mad, that's impressive!" - Ron Burgundy
I wasn't expecting you to speak on behalf of anyone, but to point out the question of why don't the good cops speak up against the bad ones. Why don't the good cops want a reform in the culture of law enforcement to drive these bad characters out? I would think it would be of their best interest, but it seems law enforcement goes by the same unwritten rule that the criminals do: no snitching.
I'll file this one to: Why in the F didn't I think of this first. Although for pick-up games the use of small goals is fun and can build skills.
Troll account, made a few days ago and not-so-subtle username.
Sounds like you may want to pick up a copy of "Guanaco to English" and drop all the Mexican-centered words. It will probably get you some good brownie points with your gf's family!
Think of it this way: if you have a coworker who does inappropriate/illegal things at work, does not reporting them make you part of the problem? I say yes.
You find another job.
Yeah good luck with that. Let's see if they'll actually enforce it.
Thank you!
Cancel LivePD as well.
Ok good, but now demilitarize the police
Smelly gold!
General public: "we're protesting police brutality" Police: "oh you mean like this?"
It would be nice if they helped the neighborhoods they destroyed during the 'cleanup' of LA for the games
I've had this happen, most likely dried up sealant inside the valve or a bent valve stem. Best is to just put a new one in.
I tried the Oakley nanoclear solution and it did help. I'd also go to your local motorcycle dealer and see if they have any anti-fog stuff that is for helmet visors.
Why the F was this even allowed in the first place? Fly the British flag and the Mexican flag too if the navy ships are going to fly flags of opponents who lost wars with the US
Wtf is wrong with that man? Why would you stay married to that raging bitch? I hope she got left with a handprint on her face
Pobre gente
But when it comes to being an accessory to brutality of people, the choice should be a lot easier to make of whether you participate or not. It's not like cops train their whole lives to be cops like doctors or other professions.
Good, that's some real progress!
Making money selling bikes to cops most likely
That's awesome, and it's going to trigger a lot of rednecks
Terry Crews has lost all credibility
Indy '08
Yeah duh, netflix has enough eurotrash
Sure whatever
They should go the same way as What We Do In The Shadows. Entirely new set of characters with links to the original, but keeping the same feel of the story.
Este serote solo quiere que se haga lo que el dice. La gente en la calle con las banderas blancas pidiendo algo de comer y este maje sigue peleandose.
This. I never felt so stressed out as when as I was driving my wife and baby home from the hospital. And it was only a 15 min ride LOL
Good!!
Si no te gusta no te metas. Ve este, como que lo estuvieran obligando a estar aquí
How do you expect people to not talk about politics if this has been the biggest change politically for the country in decades? Yep the system and politicians all suck, including nayib.
RIP aniceto. Didn't his son get killed a few years ago?
Brasil vs Germany, 0-7 loss in the world cup
Congrats, and get some tint first would be my recommendation
gotcha
This.
Tragic all the way around. Yet another example of why the police should absolutely not be doing this type of work.
Take their pension, or at the very least make them pay for their own legal costs out of their pension.
Follow the recommendations and then as your baby gets older he will start making all kinds of noise while sleeping so you'll know he's breathing
Damn, didn't know it was that bad. I really thought about getting a GT manual a few years ago but got a RS instead for the extra space. Transmission on the RS is pretty damn good.
Part of the complexity is that the JWT is a cold telescope vs a hot telescope like Hubble, so the mirrors have to be completely different and function in a much different environment.
who?
goes to show even a broken clock is right twice a day lol
Gotta catch all those starving, malnutritioned, sickly men, women, and children invading the border!! /s
Good. The "urban" label was just a dog whistle for "black/brown people dancing and singing".
Well yeah, it's a cardiovascular disease so anywhere blood flows you're at risk to have issues.
Enough of this "we gotta hear both sides" on certain topics. Racism, bigotry, white supremacy, xenophobia, homophobia, sexism? That's plain wrong and no need whatsoever to "hear both sides".
Damn, now where will i get my burnt crap bean coffee with a pound of sugar?
Hence why it's a true American truck lol
The site is pretty slick, even has icu beds and testing sites. And you can see clearly the current spike and brevard going more red.
Ponelas aquí jaja
Hbo Max isn't available on roku or other smart tvs, hbo go is. What a fuck up of a launch
Que le haga la cara borrosa a los dos jajaja
Hell. Yeah.
Tell your therapist how you're feeling and what you're doing, they've heard it all so need to feel self conscious. Having a baby is very hard and there is no perfect timing or situation or stage in life. Be kind to yourself and keep using the help available to you.
So they're terrorizing and intimidating this poor woman? This is disgusting and should blow up nationally.
Systemic racism in everything.
Sounds like this story would be a great lead for Mother Jones or ProPublica
That's freaking awesome
what other alternative do you recommend? Gawker died a while back and now it's GMO Media or whatever, and apparently they've done their best to get rid of their staff.
¿Que putas es una pupusa mixta? Ni que fuera pizza la mierda
entonces tortilla española con gallo en chicha
so we're good for reopening schools in 2 months right? LOL Being serious, this is legit scary since now it means there more infected people walking around (with no masks, no less) than we did back in April plus everything being open means getting infected seems inevitable. I doubt there will be another lock-down honestly.
You mean Jack and Jill wasn't fucking bad enough?
yeah this does nothing really since you're still sharing a/c air and it's open in the top, plus cleaning the equipment, etc. This is the same thing as taking off your belt and shoes at the airport.
what about Kato? is he ok? lol
Damn, the cops actually did something against militia members? Finally.
yeah i'm not interested in ending up in the ICU, here or in any other place
Hey Sam. It's been relatively recent that NPR has added more content by POCs, but do you see anything changing at the top? More POC-led content is good, but if it still has to go through editors/producers/etc that are not POC then were will always be a gatekeeper(s) that you'll have to go through and defend why the POC-led content matters.
Congrats! He's adorable and they do grow up quickly so enjoy him as much as you can!
The Darwin strategy
Looks like we found the cop in the thread
Heartbreaking to watch. The cops terrorized and traumatized this woman so that she would play nice with the sheriff so that he could pat himself in the back. Completely disgusting and outrageous.
That's what bothers you the most about this whole situation, the freaking thread title?? That's what you really take the most offense to? Not the fact that a veteran got terrorized at her own home and against her will? Did you not see the video or listen to what she was saying? But ok, let's get all up in arms about a 'misleading' title...
Again, are you a cop posing as a 35 year-old woman? Because you sure sound like a cop or at least super blue-lives-matter. If you didn't see or understand there stress that woman was under while talking about what happened to her, then we certainly have nothing to talk about. You're seeing what you want to see, and that's about as nicely as I can put it.
What does all that have to do with the price of bread on a sunday morning? No i didnt look through your profile because it doesnt really matter. You speaking up for the cops instead of a veteran in distress is all I, or anyone else, needs to know.
Good, that way less people will end up getting killed or beaten up by cops
Clark gregg looks like he just came back from shedding on the halfpipe lol
Lmao at the camcorder
Yet still can't find his way out of the closet
Soooo you want more deaths? From the figures you're quoting, are you trying to make the case to just let all the old people die? Or are you still clinging to the fallacy that only old/sick people get covid?
Again, what is your point? if you think this isn't any bigger deal than the flu or you think this is a hoax then say that and own it. You want to cling to facts? what about the over 100K deaths (and climbing)? You may be ok with being in a death cult, but i'm certainly not. Maybe I need to tell you what I told someone else in this is sub a while back: if you think this isn't a big deal, then YOU go and catch it and let us know how it goes. Not only that, but give it to your kids, spouse, parents, grandparents, uncles, aunts, etc. and let us know how it goes.
So are you going to go get covid or not? At least answer that question.
Why would you have portraits of traitors in the Capitol? That's like keeping around pictures of your crazy ex in your house.
Watch a few episodes of Superstore and then picture the real people being 10x worse
Dang and i thought the state was doing more to prevent pollution in the lagoon. Sad. Lol
Cocaine runner perhaps?
Ok great, now can they remove the giant fucking confederate flag on 95 as soon as you cross from South Carolina into North Carolina?
Just come look for this dude in Miami or Orlando, since that's where all the "high class" south american trash goes
Sad that people trolls keep bringing up Jossie Smollet, as in one person's actions dictate the behavior of all black people. By that logic, every white person is a mass shooter, a terrorist , a pedophile cult leader, and a mass murderer. Don't believe me? Then look up Dylan Roof, Timothy McVeigh, David Koresh, and Ted Bundy.
Yeah i'm not reading some a wall of text containing your racist manifesto.
El maje de Nayib al lugar de pelearse con la asamblea deveria de haber comprador las cosas necesarias para que la gente no se muriera en los pasillos de los hospitales.
He had a lot of hype in moto3, but he didn't get promoted into MotoGP like Miller did so he went to moto2 and didn't do so hot.
El gobierno deberia de haber comprador exactamente el tipo de equipo que listaste y tambien ayudarle a los hospitales a hacer areas adicionales de cuidados intensivos al lugar de esperar que se construya todo de cero.
you keep typing, I keep ignoring because i'm not interested in nonsense. And stop stalking people, it's not a good look in anyone.
Y todo eso ahorita que importa? Claro que los hospitales deberian de tener los recursos y el equipo, pero ahorita echarle la culpa a Funes o a otro de que sirve cuando la gente se esta muriendo? El que esta a cargo del pais ahorita es Bukele y que es lo que hizo en los 70+ dias que tuvo al pais cerrado? porque no se puso a comprar respiradores al lugar de comprar pastillas que no sirven de nada contra este virus?
End of the day it's your baby, so you and your wife set the rules as to what is safe for the baby. It seems prudent to me to keep people away unless they've quarantined or even have gone to take a test. I don't know where you are, but if they're able to take a test then tell them to go get one.
In summary: guy goes from sport full of a-holes to another sport not quite full of a-holes
Not everyone wants to drive a minibus or pay out the ass for a badge. The Signature trim is only there to draw media attention and get people in the dealership but they leave with a Touring or a Grand Touring. If you need to sit more than 4 adults most of the time, get a fucking van already. Way more space, way more comfort, and whole lot more utility.
lmao.
Mean Girls II
REMEMBER ME! Maybe the negotiations with Disney/carcass of Fox got too messy for Lego. And a Seinfeld set? What happened to you Lego, you used to be cool.
RIP Sic. We missed out on some quality Marquez vs Sic battles I bet.
I'm digging the front lip and sideskirts
Call up one of the consulates here in the US and ask what the deal is.
I'd be surprised if you were even able to find one person that was from Nicaragua, much less nacatamales lol
Yay, we did it guys and gals!!! Pop those bottles in celebration; 100+ new cases in a day and over 1K total!
Is the robot's job to get repeatedly kicked by Elon before people talk to him?
Eso si puede ser
Took 2.5hrs this morning and i got there just before 9am. Someone i know got there at 8:30am and it took them 1.5hrs.
There are no minute clinics in Melbourne cvs
I was just in Destin, and people don't seen to give a crap about the virus there. Restaurants, bars, stores, beach, you name it were all packed. Can't blame that on protests or politics; people simply do not care.
So we went from less than 10 cases a day during the lockdown, to an order of magnitude more now. What do the no mask/no lockdown people have to say now?
He can't act for shit, almost as bad as jake lloyd
Traitors who lost a war don't get to decide jack squat
If you take up arms against an established government in attempts to undermine or overthrow it, you're a traitor. It really can't get any more simple or straightforward.
It's time to innovate, covid will be here a while. Only went to 2-3 places that were following guidelines and were mostly empty at the time of the day we went. Now we'll be back to takeout only
That's what she claimed but there is quite a bit of doubt if she really was. She was an entertainer so it's not surprising she'd try to embellish a bit to make herself stand out.
So the neighbors said nothing when this asshole proudly displayed nazi flags and cosplayed as a nazi? If you dont say something, you're part of the problem!
Oh how quaint! Just how Ed Gein used to babysit kids.
