Personally, I would go tribal, here. You could do all the best tribes, like elves and goblins, but it sounds like you would be better off choosing the more obscure ones. If your tribes are clerics, treefolk, dragons, angels, demons, etc... Your power level will naturally drop to a fun measure. Still, I have no suggestions on how to balance lower level tribes against one another. You'd have to play test the crap out of them.
Thanks for your reply. I don't love the lack of a headphone jack, but I can get past it, I'm sure. Most people aren't experiencing technical issues, right? I'd hate to get another phone that bricks before 2 yrs.
I ended up going with the Pixel XL. I got it for nothing, just had to extend my phone contract with my carrier for 2 yrs (I have an awesome corporate plan). Part of me was nervous about buying an older phone, but I just don't need the best of the best. Not enough to justify the 500 - 600 bucks for the new Pixels, anyway.
I know. I loved the experience of using the 6p, but with all the technical failures which hinder an enjoyable time using it, I can't anymore.
Thanks for your lengthy reply. I ended up going with the original Pixel XL, which seems like almost the exact same phone as the 6p. I would have went with the Pixel 2 XL, but I got a sweet deal. I will likely upgrade when the next Pixels come out.
I ended up picking up the original Pixel XL from my carrier. I just had to extend my contract (my corporate plan is very good). Got the phone for nothing. So far, its basically the same phone. Just the speakers are not as good as the front facing ones on the 6p.
This is what I ended up doing. I don't regret it, since I don't need the newest phone on the market. I, too, notice the speakers are not as good, but whatever. Everything else is almost identical.
If only my old 6p would even turn on, now... I might do the same.
No! Never again, Huwei!
Con Air, when Cage says he will prove that there is a god. Guy shoots him in the arm, and he is unphased.
The Replicants in the original Blade Runner. Killgrave aka The purple Man in Jessica Jones (not a movie, I know)
Hey, I just ordered a carbon fibre dbrand skin for mine. How come you warn against getting dbrand?
For an adult, there is nothing wrong with alcohol, in moderation. For a student, there is nothing wrong with smartphones, in moderation. Personally, I only allow them in my classroom (grade 8) when we are short on school sanctioned devices, or when I occasionally allow them to listen to music while working on certain assignments. However, I would like to start integrating more useful apps into my routine.
Kess works great at the helm of a wheel and deal deck. She isn't as hated as Nekusar (at least, not yet), and she isn't really that important to the deck's strategy. I won a 4 player FFA game the other night with my Kess deck. Wheeled everyone down to low life using [[Liliana's Caress]] and [[Megrim]], survived on some value out of [[Waste Not]]. In the end, I used Kess' ability to replay [[Rapid Hybridization]] from the graveyard and kill my last opponent's only flyer. Then swung with Kess for lethal damage. Discard works quite well with her.
I smoke maybe 2 - 5 cigarettes a month. It's not really a matter of habit for me; I just want to be able to roll one occasionally.
Says the guy with nothing better to do than troll online. You're pathetic.
If you feel like they are doing it to constantly silver bullet, just tell them you are playing a different deck than the one you actually shuffle up. If they see you switched, and they then decide to switch, then you say, "oh, well in that case I'll switch, too...". After a few rounds of shuffling decks without actually playing, hopefully they will get the idea.
Card advantage as an expendable resource brings [[kozilek, the great distortion]] to mind.
Man here. That's not what the sign does at all. The saying "boys will be boys" has been used to cover all manner of inappropriate behaviours, with and without respect to sexism. For example, a few boys pick on another kid with different interests than them, and someone says, "oh well, boys will be boys" which normalizes actions and ideas that are just unacceptable, no matter how commonly they occur. While I don't think the saying originally had much to do with sex-based discrimination, exclusively, it's a good phrase to reappropriate for this cause. Furthermore, it doesn't demonize all men, just the ones who transgress in such a way that women feel victimized .
You guys must go looking for this shit, cuz I never hear about this narrative you're going on about. Week in week out? Fucking read or watch something else, already.
Couldn't have said it better. I was you... Two weeks ago. Listen to my tale... So, my battery started to fail. Nothing major, no sudden shutdowns at 60%. Just noticed it holding less charge, needing juice more often. I took it to a local tech store, reputable. Paid $70 for a new, non oem battery . Shit was going well. Then it would just die every so often when using the camera. I switched to a different camera app. Shit was going well. Boom. Random death. Totally not predictable. Couldn't power back up unless I was able to connect the charger. Then, once I booted up, it would have the same battery % and work fine for a while. Then, it happens, and it just won't boot back up. Total brick. The bootloop of death was upon me. I picked up an OG pixel XL and its pretty much the same phone, just less good speakers.
Were they a [[vendilion clique]]?
Im pretty sure nobody cares who directs a star wars movie, so long as it's good. I really don't believe women are being snubbed out of directing SW films. As for Patty Jenkins and the Oscars: WW was a good movie, not a great movie. It didn't do anything groundbreaking, besides feature a female super hero in the lead. It doesn't deserve an Oscar. Simple as that.
To each his own, but tutors specifically diminish the Singleton nature of edh, which is what makes the game fun, imo. Outside of competitive play, I feel as if decks should use them sparingly, and throwing a demonic tutor in every black deck seems too "samey" . On top of that, I know people who own one copy of cards like demonic tutor and proxy it in all 10 (or so) of their decks that are black. I have a friend who does the same with mana crypt. It comes down to how important it is to a player that their decks be completely optimized. For me, I like to have a balance between competitive decks and janky, fun decks. I also don't like the comparison between swords to ploughshares and the stronger tutors. Swords is a white staple, to be sure, but it isn't virtually a second copy of any card in your deck.
Both bother me.
That's good news. My backup dskin is white carbon fiber. Maybe next year I'll switch it up. I have a black rhinoshield crashgaurd coming in the mail.
That looks sweet. Love the lack of bulk with that setup.
Going for a film noir, minimalist look. https://imgur.com/gallery/AIauj
Well, not quite what you meant, but when I'm playing my [[selenia, dark angel]] life switch deck, suicide is almost always an option in the face of certain doom. Just respond to her trigger by activating her ability repeatedly to kill myself.
I totally agree. In a cEDH game, I don't think you can complain about spikey combos, but 10 min turns is a whole other animal.
I love this movie, but in all honesty it isn't "good".
Now if only [[cloudstone curio]] didn't have that darned non-artifact clause.
I used to run [[keranos]] as my UR artifact commander. Not really much synergy, but gives you some reliable gas once he comes down. You don't really activate devotion, obviously.
He's entitled because it's a thing that happens all the time to many people, despite it being wrong. Freaking out like that is just insane. Like, get some coping skills, fucking animal.
One of my favorite non-comedy but funny moments is from American Psycho. I'm talking about when he goes on his shooting spree at the end of the film, and he completely ignores the custodian, runs past him, through the revolving doors, then circles right back around to shoot him.
I would remind this student that pessimism and cynicism are fueled by vague complaints. He or she needs to be specific about what needs to change, or what could change. Otherwise, this is just masterbation.
He was inconvenienced. Reacting so strongly implies "nobody fucks with me like that!". Entitled. Same as a person would be if they yelled obscenities at a j-walker. Life happens, so expect it will happen to you.
See context
It surprised me how many of the grade 5s and 6s at my school have seen IT with parental permission .
Probably all those condensed tears from the people laughing themselves silly over your comments.
Joel McHale as Chevy Chase in A Futile and Stupid Gesture.
Why does it matter if people smile at you as you pass them by? C'mon, man.
Right. Of course, [[lightning greaves]] etc. Also. It's only fair, given how much gas she provides.
Good idea! Great cards on their own, also!
That's awesome, man. It's a pretty great moment when a newish player takes their first trip to magical Christmas land. I run that combo myself, in my [[kess, dissident mage]] wheel and deal deck. I had a similar thing happen when I introduced my friend to commander, except he pulled off a simple but devastating [[Armageddon]] + [[heroic intervention]].
I'll be happy post it tonight but will have to wait for a couple hours.
There are conservatives who think they have the right to decide for the woman, yes. Also known as arrogant assholes.
It's pretty much the plot of all the RC movies. Omni Consumer Products is contracted to run the police department. In the second movie, they engineer a police strike in order to raise crime rates so they can foreclose on the city itself, tear it down and build a new private city.
Fuck em
No, it's because people didn't want the libs anymore (even though Wynne was not at all a terrible premier; 15 yrs is a lot of time for ppl to grow tired of you and desire change), and they are scared that NDP = communism (which is just stupid). So, they voted for that candidates that belong to the a party that, though it had no real plan or explanation for how it would fulfill it's promises, generally stands for lower taxes. Either that , or they vote blue no matter what, as if a political party is a hockey team that needs that sort of loyalty. What's disturbing is not that wealthier people votes blue, cuz duuuh. No, what's distribing is how many middle and lower class earners think PC are doing something for them. They somehow like the plan of making the rich more rich in the hopes that more scraps will fall off the table for them to nibble on.
Wynnes admin had it's fair share of problems, but so has every provincial party that has taken power. The difference is that it took a long time for people to really turn on the libs under Wynne . She accomplished a lot of good shit while she was in office, no matter what you think of the blunders she made. As for taxes and debt, the PC have the highest defecit approach of all parties that ran , if I'm not mistaken, so debt isn't going anywhere because of them . Not in the four years they have, in all likelihood.
In your mom's anus, like last time?
Ah ok the codename confused me
While many do, even right wingers are tending to support him in this matter.
Anyone else hate how businesses are exerting such control over government? It should be the other way around. It feels like corporations have a gun to the heads of politicians, sometimes. If we don't let them do whatever they want, they will leave. Then you get to a point where the nation is a great place for big business but a terrible place to live for the majority of the population.
If you like plutocracy
If you can 100% prove it, I'll listen. Otherwise, you are being narrow-minded. Keep in mind, I'm not saying psychotherapy is going to cure your cancer, but it could help with shit like obesity.
I don't have one lol. I just know diet affects health. Only fools deal in absolutes, and you certainly are one. Have a good one, fool.
Meh, in the end it isn't hurting anyone. Nationalism isn't really a thing anymore, and that's good. A flag is just a flag.
Nobody who doesn't live close to the border would buy groceries there, though. The people who do are a pretty small problem, I should think. Also, US smokes are disgusting.
Not sure what that has to do with anything. Why don't you cut to the quick and start calling everybody communists?
I didn't say anything about payment, first off. Your second statement is just wrong. Again, do some reading on the subject before you condemn it with blanket statements... Like an idiot.
Lol I doubt it.
Lol I'm going to point to your poor reading comprehension skills again. Your citations are interesting , but again, they deal with OPINIONS about naturopathy, specifically addressing individuals who misrepresented themselves and disgraced themselves mostly. I'll remind you that my original comment was about not lumping all the naturopathic practices into the narcissistic quack doctor pile (which you are still doing). News flash, there have been traditional doctors who have been disgraced via malpractice suit also. That doesn't mean the entire medical profession is negligent or corrupt, now does it? I already told you that naturopathy is not the antithesis of science, but can be used to buttress it. If you remember, I explicitly said earlier that I didn't agree with someone telling a sick person to avoid traditional care in favour of a purely naturopathic treatment. Feels like you are doing something like strawmanning. Bottom line: your view is narrow and absolute, which is what I took issue with in the first place.
This just sounds like a butthurt American who is fully aware of the pathetic state of his own country...
All the gr 8 sex ed curriculum teaches is that gender is not just about biology. There is bio gender (penis/vagina), gender identity (emotional/mental), sexual orientation (who you are attracted to), and gender expression (how you express your identity via clothes, etc...). Again, this is reality, not an opinion. You thinking it should be one of two ways is an opinion. You could hate gay people, but you can't claim they don't exist in society. And if they have the same rights, there should be no issue learning about them at all. I advocate for anything that allows a person to express themselves without fear of discrimination, but, of course, the parents would have to be involved in those kinds of decisions where hormone therapy or sexual reassignment is involved.
I'm concerned that you might have your own children , btw.
Again, I teach the curriculum in class, but I'll never avoid telling children the truth if they inquire. Gender identity is not an opinion. It's fact. The binary view simply isn't absolute anymore. It never was, actually. Thankfully, people are starting to realize that. If you are fine with your children living under the ideology that ignorance is bliss, that's on you. I subscribe to the view that knowledge only serves to better society, and irrational fear shouldn't be allowed to interfere with that. What exactly is the harm in learning that there are people out there who live and love differently? It might scare some parents, but there are lots of scary things in the world and learning about them isn't a bad thing. Someday, your kids might meet someone who doesn't conform to your arbitrary identity standards. I should hope they will know enough not to judge that person. The present curriculum, at least, prevents parents like you from indoctrinating them wholly and setting them up to live in a society that doesn't reflect your regressive views.
What do you mean by mutilation, exactly? It's a surgical procedure. In the end, that sort of invasive procedure is something the parents , and only the parents , have discretion over. It would be your choice. Let's talk simpler. What if you had a son who identified as female and wanted to wear dresses?
If I taught in the Catholic board, do you think we would be having this discussion lol. Look, you keep saying "mutilation", but I still don't understand why you consider gender reassignment to be a horrific, gory act. Is it just because I am saying parents could allow their trans-gender child to do it? Is it mutilation if an adult decides to undergo such procedures? I really feel like you are coming from a completely emotional place with these comments. You call me a monster for saying that parents of a child who has identified different than their biological gender should have the option to take steps to make that child happier. That's the point of sexual reassignment, you know. People don't do it because they are already at home in their bodies and just want to shake things up. I haven't heard of anybody having such invasive surgeries on a whim, especially a child. When I'm talking about indoctrination, I mean teaching your kids that there is one, binary system, when it is quite clear that it is not that simple for everyone. Why not teach them that people identify differently, and that it doesn't have to affect them in any way, negative or positive? It's just about recognizing there are people in our society who don't fit into the classic mold, a mold which is very exclusive and pretty much responsible for trans-gender people (and other lifestyles) being met with hostility. I ask you again, what's the harm in talking about how other people live their lives? One of the things I tell my kids at the outset of the Healthy Development unit each year is this: Nothing I say is meant to influence how you feel about the lifestyles we discuss. You can feel however you want about lgbtq people, so long as you don't allow those feeling to translate to discrimination. Upon learning about different lifestyles, you might change your opinion or you might believe even more strongly in your original stance on the issues. There's no threat in learning about the different people who live in our society. I also use this analogy: Sharks are scary. They are also interesting. Learning about them isn't dangerous, and it also doesn't mean you have to swim alongside them. I just don't get how this open-minded, inclusive approach offends people like you. It makes no sense, and I find your inability to recognize your own bias to be a little disturbing and pathetic.
What claims have I made?
Well, I just noticed that you haven't had this account active for very long. Not surprising considering your etiquette. You don't have to try and sound cooler than the rest of us redditors who don't create new accounts on the reg. I don't keep this account active for karma (which means nothing). I haven't had the need to create a bunch of throwaways because I stand by my comments.
Well, I'm not alligning myself with that guy. I am fully in support of traditional medicine. I've just been saying some naturopathic elements can be used beneficially at the same time. You are saying I have to choose one or the other, and that if I don't completely condemn naturopaths then that means I must be saying people should use it and nothing else. Again, reading comprehension is important.
So, it's simply what's involved in the recovery from the surgery that makes you opposed to it? Or that we are talking about children undergoing the procedures? So, you don't think an adult is doing anything immoral or deplorable if they do it? And, again, what if its something like a boy who wants to wear dresses? You never answered that one. I don't have a rigid ideology. I accept all views of my students. I just ask that they attempt to empathize and that they accept that other people who don't live like they do exist and have rights and deserve respect. That's not exclusive at all. Hell, I even believe people have a right to be racist since I don't agree with policing people's thoughts. If those thoughts become actions, however, then there is a problem. I've spoken to many parents about this issue. Most are completely on board, even Muslim parents who are typically staunchly opposed to views outside their religion. To be honest, it's usually the actual sex ed stuff (contraceptive methods and sexual infections) that gets parents in a huff. I don't know where you got 40% from, but that's a minority in any case. I wonder how many of that alleged 40% took issue with the contraception topics and didn't care so much about gender identity politics. I share all my teaching initiatives with parents. I've never had any issues, and I've been doing this for over a decade at many different schools. Irrational fears about teaching gender identity acceptance is regressive. Period. Like I said, learning about something that exists in the world should not threaten anyone, so long as people aren't forcing children to think and live in a certain way. Teaching them to be tolerant and empathetic isn't at all the same thing.
It's not uncritical, it's just not absolute.
Ive made a claim that not all naturopathic approaches are quackery, yes. I'll stick to common sense and hundreds of years of natural treatments informing and even influencing science-based medicine.
I'm not sure you understand what incentives mean
So, something that was considered non-scientific eventually became scientifically valid? Interesting. It's almost as if science changes over time. But I guess that was just in the past and no natural methods warrant further testing. You are so stupid it's really quite hilarious. Keep it coming, bud.
Repeating fraudulent quakery over and over doesn't make you sound smarter. Indigenous people used the examples I gave long before there was such a thing as traditional medicine. Now, they are used widely. Mysticism (or what was viewed by Europeans as such) became science. Wild.
I think not. That you would resort to playing the racist card is evidence enough for anyone to understand why I won't be responding to your ridiculous comments anymore. Have fun throwing the baby out with the bathwater.
How is telling them that some people don't identify the same as their biology a personal feeling? Are you saying that it's only my opinion that the lgbtq community exists?
Ya I suppose lgbtq+ is what I meant. I think you might have confused me with another commenter. I didn't say anything about genetics. A person's gender ID is not a disorder. I'm sorry I just can't even dignify that. I also don't understand how it could possibly harm them to know that trans-gender folks , for example, live in this society and that they should be treated with respect. What damage, permanent or otherwise, is being done?
Ya, I'm the one having a tantrum. Yeesh.
Lol
I can't argue with that logic.
&gt;Whether we like it or not gender identity is associated with your biology. Saying one is divorced of the other is utter nonsense. Why, exactly? &gt;Second, gender has to be informed by your biological self, your biological reality has to be the basis on which your mental understanding of your "gender"/ self has to be based on, its the only experience you have with the world. Why does it HAVE to be? I'm not sure how you are making an objective claim like that. &gt;You can choose to say "neither" or "both", but that's not a feasible reality, it is not grounded in nature in shape or form. Sure you can delude yourself and live that way, I have no problems with it if adults choose to live this way. But where I strictly oppose it is when we start poisoning our children, and teaching them that this "departure" from a grounded reality is a feasible option. I know what you are saying, but this is your opinion. You may have convinced yourself it is objective truth, but it just isn't. What gives you the authority to tell another person the nature of their perception? How do you decide a person can't a person identity as pansexual or gender nuetral? I know that's what you are essentially doing, but on what basis other than some arbitrary lens you are looking through, I have no clue. &gt;...people are afraid of conflating "gender identity and sexual identity" so they don't critique either, lest they be swept with the tide of PC punishment. I think you definitely hit upon something, here. The shaming of both right and left thinkers surrounding this and other issues is not helping anyone discuss things cordially. I do think there are more people who are coming around to letting go of the old binary views, though. &gt;I think it's fine for consenting adults to do what the fuck so ever they want, so long as it doesn't hurt anyone else. I don't think we should be teaching our children about these things at an impressionable age, where it could do damage to their own understanding of self and sexuality as they are still developing. I certainly don't agree with the idea that children can be given hormone therapies or any such nonsense. I agree about consenting adults. I still don't understand the potential damage you are talking about. Like, if we teach kids some people struggle to self-identify, they will be more likely to struggle? More likely to identify outside of the binary view? I don't believe that for a second, but, if my kids are happy, I don't give a damn how they identify (I have two kids under 3 yrs old). As for the hormone therapy for kids, I honestly don't really feel like its the right call, depending on how young they are. Determining how old a person should be before they are allowed to take such measures is a whole other kettle of fish. The point I was making with the other guy was that I support a person's ability to self-identify and a parent's right to help their children if that's what they decide to do. It's not really for me to say how a family approaches that sort of dilemma. &gt;These tides of conservative wins are going to keep happening as long as people get publicly chastised for questioning the veracity of a newfangled idea. When anyone who thinks that maybe this is not the way to go is made to stay silent in public forums that discontent has to be expressed somewhere and of course it would be aimed at the arbiters of this ideology, the Libs. If we want to stop the PC overrunning our province in the future and our country as well, we have to stop belittling opposing views. I can have a dialogue with you here where we don't know each other, but I can't realistically talk this way outside or in person, with a room of people shouting and yelling at the "ignorance" despite themselves being ignorant of the effects the pervasive thinking has on young developing minds. Again, I totally hear you on this. I don't think that's what won the OPC the election at all, but it is still a good point. The shaming just divides people and makes it harder for all. I will say that I think you are tending to be just as ignorant as the people you criticize because, again, all your logic is based on nothing in particular but your own perception. You sound like an intelligent and reasonable person, but your deductions simply cannot be applied to everyone else. Reality of identity isn't the same for everyone; perception and perspective play key roles. If I'm to go on my own experiences, I have never once observed, in any form, negative consequences from the material I have taught regarding Healthy Development. Until you can somehow prove learning about different lifestyles and promoting tolerance, even if you can't fully understand them, is a "poison", I think we owe it to the people in our society who do fall outside the pre-conceived idea of normality to teach these things. At least, until we reach a point where kids who are struggling with such identity issues can feel safe in the learning environment. It's not easy to be in a community where you feel like these topics are taboo and that you might have some kind of disorder. Those kids deserve to feel safe and respected as much as any other. &gt; But I don't want my children to be affected by this, at least not until they are capable of understanding it and have a firm understanding of themselves. Fair enough. I certainly advocate for a parent to raise concerns about their children. However, when is it ok to talk to them about this? When they are 12? 14? 16? 24? If I'm not mistaken, the brain develops right up till the mid twenties, and I find the idea of waiting that long to broach the subject is a bit unreasonable. Admittedly, I'm not as familiar with the primary and junior curricula (I teach intermediate), but I'm confident the gender stuff doesn't really appear till grade 6: *Human Development and Sexual Health* *C3.3 assess the effects of stereotypes, including homophobia and assumptions regarding gender roles and expectations, sexual orientation, gender expression, race, ethnicity or culture, mental health, and abilities, on an individual’s self-concept, social inclusion, and relationships with others, and propose appropriate ways of responding to and changing assumptions and stereotypes [PS, CT]* Everything before this is pretty much limited to the introduction of gender neutral language like saying "person with a penis" instead of boy (which I'm sure some will find ridiculous, but I still contend there's absolutely no harm other than to people's preconceived, arbitrary views and sense of what's "normal"). Gender comes up again in grade 8: *C1.5 demonstrate an understanding of gender identity (e.g., male, female, two-spirited, transgender, transsexual, intersex), gender expression, and sexual orientation (e.g., heterosexual, gay, lesbian, bisexual), and identify factors that can help individuals of all identities and orientations develop a positive self-concept [PS]* As you can see, both expectations pretty much just want to debunk stereotypes and the view that everyone has to go by the old binary view of gender, and promote a community where, no matter how you identify, your peers will respect you and help you to positively identify. Sorry, but you'll have to excuse me if I don't see how these directives are harmful.
Many people don't believe in the Bible. We don't base our laws on religious doctrine. Believe whatever you want to in your head, but keep that idiotic shit away from the rest of us who don't see different lifestyles as an attack on God.
I just point to the enchantment and say, "trigger?"
Best answer.
I hate when people try to sound clever or funny when doing a review. It just invalidates the whole thing when they so clearly can't pull it off, like this dude.
Not as a half priced one, but as just another teacher, if you go to school, yes, you could show up to compete for job slots. This is why your comparison is weak. Because salary is regulated for your level of training and years experience, and that is similar to setting uniform prices for dairy (I guess), you assume they are the same thing, which is foolish.
If you have the $, sure. Btw, if you are in a position to pay for private health care, go to the States and do it.
Other than the inconvenience and the embarrassment (which is a stretch, I think ) what is the problem? What do you have to worry about if you haven't drank too much before driving? I guess i can see why you would not want cops just pulling you over for no reason (like how you would want there to be probable cause if they were to search your person), but if we're being honest they can pretty much do this already. Now they can just breathalize you too.
No, I guess not. I see what you are saying, but I also think this review is so negative and plucky that you can immediately assume the movie is not as bad as it's made out to be. So, you end up watching it more for the reviewer than the review.
Well, you're wrong. That's what is without question. The two system cerrainly have some parallels, but they are quite different. Again, quotas. You are clearly a union buster, but your argument is just about the worst I've ever heard one of your ilk make. I'm not about to debate you on private vs public education. I'm for public education, not free market mayhem, so we aren't going to agree. I'll tell you again, you sound stupid when you compare union protections with Canada's dairy industry supply management.
I don't consider it the same thing at all, but yeah that slippery slope argument is valid. I mean the internet is a better example. I don't think it's ok for governments to monitor my internet traffick beyond the amount of data. I don't think it's ok to have big brother spying on you, but that isn't quite the same thing as a cop randomly pulling people over and administering a breath test. Ride programs exist, after all. It's not as if giving them the option of making you take the test is somehow infringing on your privacy, and if you are drunk, well, tough titty, bro. Now, if the cops searched your house without cause, then they screwed up and invaded your privacy and if they find drugs there they can't really even charge you in the hopes of getting a conviction. I can see how you might compare the two situations, but, again, it's a harmless, non-invasive test and you are out in public driving around. Makes sense to me that the rules get a bit tighter. I'm not saying they should be able to arbitrarily search your car or trunk.
As I said earlier, the reason anyone was confused is because, in Canada, supply management is pretty much synonymous with quotas in the dairy industry etc. So, the confusion stems from your poor communication.
In Ontario, in the public board, supply and demand is not managed. If you are suggesting that any teacher should be able to undercut another in the name of a free market education system, I don't agree. Unions may have faults, but they do not harm the efficiency of the education system in the way you are suggesting. What you will have is an underpaid and overworked base of teachers and the profession will become completely undesirable, attracting less and less dedicated and hard-working educators. That's why collectively bargaining is important. There is no shortage of contract teachers. I've been waiting for one in a seniority based hierarchy for 8 yrs. The occasional teaching list could use some work, as some positions don't get filled these days. If you want to advocate for positive change, ask that the unions change how they regulate hiring practices, ask that they make it merit based, as it once was. Then the new teachers waiting in the wings will have an equal shot at positions and we don't have to dismantle the entire profession and end up with a shitty one like in the states where teachers arent valued. Anyone who thinks privatizing the education system to the point where any teacher can bid out another with a lower salary should have their head examined.
No, you're clearly a sophist. I won't be responding to you anymore. What was your original point, then? Just to say some people don't like suppy management? Some don't like unions. Thanks, Captain obvious.
I apologise for that. There was no cause for it.
Sometimes freedom of expression is more about putting up with assholes who just want to preach to you. I mean, I know they have a right to speak out, but given that abortion is a personal decision, they should just mind their own business. People who aren't religious or whatever don't want to be bombarded with these ideals in public. Such protests are so damned arrogant, imo.
Interesting idea. I wonder how long it will be before that is a discussion.
I mostly agree with you. I think parents have become aware that students in immersion programs are, generally, more dedicated students. It makes sense, really. I think there is a negative stigma growing against the English track, but, as an English teacher in the elementary system, I can say that I have had far more good english classes than bad ones. There does tend to be more IEP students with special needs, though. I know I will get shit on for saying this, but, regarding #2, I think most frech people in Canada have become "rudimentary french speakers". Quebec french is very different from Parisian french, if you take my meaning. Your comment about involved parents and student success is very valid.
In this case, I think omission is actually not a lie. Let's say a parent asks the school if their kid is in the GSA. The school says, "you'll have to ask your son/daughter." The parent could do that, if they haven't already. I feel like if you are the kind of parent who demands this information from the school, you are exactly the kind of parent who should not have it.
Well, you're ignoring reality, man. Simple as THAT. Maybe not every kid needs the protection from this law, but some do, and that's enough to warrant it. Anyway, acting the way you suggest is a betrayal of the child. No parent should want that, especially since no danger is posed by allowing the kids to discuss lgbtq+ issues without exposing themselves. The school isn't really hurt either way, as there wouldn't be any liability on their part. Seems pretty clear to me that advocates for upholding the law are looking out for kids, not themselves.
I don't want to offend anyone, because I think that most of the behaviours described in the article are not acceptable, but I do take issue with the idea of "leering" or "up and down stares". Are we not allowed to look at women, anymore? I mean, when you say "leer", do you mean the guy is salivating and licking his lips as he objectifies you? I hardly think so. I check women out all the time, even at work. I don't make it obvious but I can't even help it, really. I notice people I'm attracted to physically regardless of where I am. I don't let it affect my behaviour, how I talk to them (like, I don't hug anyone unless I know them well enough to assume they'd be ok with it - and I would probably avoid it altogether if she was somebody who worked FOR me as opposed to with me). I guess my point (probably an unpopular one) is that the whole "male gaze" thing is problematic. I'm not a sexist, but I do "objectify" women in this way. I think you have to be ok with being looked at, even objectified, if that is as far as it goes. And by "be ok with it" I don't mean you have to like it, but you just have to accept people are going to do it (women also do it).
I think it's fair to say I "like" all the scenes they cut, but mostly cuz I'm a huge fan of the franchise. I'm glad I saw the theatrical version first, though, if you know what I mean.
Haha. Yep. I'm trying to find a sativa that's as strong.
While I think this dude shouldn't have been invited to guest lecture or speak or whatever, I fail to see how this case is supposed to shock us into realizing that ... I don't even know what. Are you trying to say that because this happened we should burn any one who is accused of sexual assault on sight, that there isn't a danger of false accusations being detrimental to a person's future?
Well, your first mistake is thinking he was convicted of sexual assault. The article says he pled down to assault. Splitting hairs, maybe, but still... Anyway, you just posted in poor taste, honestly. The reality is that sometimes what you describe happens (assholes get out of trouble), and sometimes it's the opposite (good people get thrown under the bus). You can't just post about this one anecdotal incident with an "I told you so" attitude, like you are "showing" everyone who ever claimed decent people can be brought down by slander and libel. That's dumb.
Cards like [[heroic intervention]] work well for this.
Also [[Boros charm]] and [[Faith's reward]]!
Well, I've never been one to play flavor over function. I think I found a happy compromise, however, in a deck I just built, commanded by [[Raff Capashen]]. My rules for building Raff we're simple: 1) nearly every card is an instant, has flash, or is enabled by Raff. 2) I flash in interesting legendary/historic creatures that do whacky things, either when I untap or in response to an opponent's play. I'm talking [[platinum angel]] if you are about to die, [[mimic vat]] before a wrath, [[daxos of meletis]] when someone is open. 3) I need a high amount of permission cards. The strength of the deck is holding up answers, draw-go style. It's not focussed, but it never fails to amuse.
Yeah, and my build really isn't consistent enough to win a lot, but it let's you make some sneaky plays and play some flashy legends in any case.
I stopped reading when the author called Trump and Trudeau psychopaths and sociopaths. Neither of them are either of these.
I think so, unfortunately. Sorry, didn't mean to invalidate your wins, but when I read your previous comment I started rejiggering my K&amp;T MLD deck to use this combo and then I realized how it seems to work. I still wanna use it, it's just harder to set up. Gotta play approach a little early, then sunbird's followed by a high cmc spell, and you're good. Or , alternatively, [[dig through time]] or whatever, and recast. You know, now that I'm typing this, I should be playing this in high cmc tribal [[jodah]]. There's a primer somewhere I remember reading. Deck is all bombs and ramp and top of deck manipulation and cards that care about high cmc as the top card.
Reminds me a bit of the old [[xenagos, God of revels]] trick: rikshar's exp. on [[malignus]] (post combat, of course), then [[chandra's ignition]] for free.
[[vedalken Mastermind]] and [[temporal adept]] work on their own.
2/3! Wrong on the enchantments one. Crusade is great but a headache, honestly.
Not cathars!
Was thinking [[Licia]], maybe...
That's good advice, except my version is sans red, actually. I also have ways to get eternal scourge and the Griffin into exile, like [[foresight]] and [[extract]].
Yes, you are correct. If wave leaves play (flickers) before your opponent's creatures, they won't come back, since they are exiled after a new wave has entered the battlefield. If you stack the triggers in the opposite order, any creatures (namely, your own etb value critters) exiled with wave will come back and then a new wave comes back so you can do it all again. Edit: for clarification, to perma exile your opponent's creatures, wave has to be the first creature to flicker (meaning it's the last target when you are stacking the triggers, so it'll be the first one to resolve).
Do the downvoters not understand the reference??? Who you gonna call?
Pfffff. Ok. Man the star is just trash.
It's equally bullshit to spin it like his comments are some warning sign of ominous discrimination against men. Stop playing to the populist tune.
Good bot.
Canadian, like me? Best deal I ever get on mtg is at my local gaming store on black friday. 20% off all mtg singles (excluding pre-orders) and most of the sealed product. What I wouldn't give for a buy 1 get 1 deal!
Some people would rather we just whore ourselves out to the U.S.A.
I'll post it tonight!
Yeah, and I hardly ever play 1 v 1. I'll probably take the deck apart and put together a different Jeskai deck. Maybe a non-oppressive Narset. I dunno.
You are right about propaganda and ghostly prison. Alternatives to these are \[\[sphere of safety\]\], \[\[war tax\]\], maybe \[\[divine intervention\]\] could also help. There's \[\[peacekeeper\]\] and \[\[silent sentinel\]\]. The new Miri from the cats precon. \[\[Dueling grounds\]\]. Fog effects, such as \[\[fog\]\] and \[\[tanglesnap\]\] could save your walkers, too. \[\[Djeru\]\] seems good, without completely shutting down attacks. \[\[ever watching threshold\]\] is a deterrence. maybe creatures like \[\[fog bank\]\], \[\[guard gomazoa\]\], \[\[wall of denial\]\]? That's what I could think of off the top of my head. &amp;#x200B; EDIT: I meant \[\[silent arbiter\]\] and \[\[divine presence\]\]
I was just about to build this lol. Nope.
That does sound amazing. I'll be honest , partner does not appeal to me, but that's only because everytime I looked at partners I found myself wanting to just play one great commander as opposed to two ok ones that work well together. Obviously, I'm not talking about some of the options available, like thrasios and smasher, which perform very well. These I didn't want to play because they were the flavor of the year or whatever. Being able to take any two commanders and partner them up sounds fun. Sadly, I don't think my play group will allow it. It would cause some real escalation issues (for the people I'm talking about) and spur an inevitable return to a stax heavy meta.
Brutal. For a while, we had that fucked up trade hissy fit with the states, and all sealed product was like 20% more expensive. Just can't get a deal on cardboard crack, I guess.
Yes you can search up a tier list quite easily. You just need to figure out which archetype interests you. Voltron is usually a fragile strategy, regardless of the commander.
Ya I don't see them being too worked up about that. I guess if you go full on stax it might piss them off, though.
Ya our exchange rate is only slightly better. Damn Yanks.
Yeah, but I already did Zur like this, and though the hate is real, I still like playing the deck.
Here's the [deck](https://tappedout.net/mtg-decks/raff-legends-1/?cb=1544897304)!
I don't know about you, but if I had the choice of being assaulted by a criminal with a gun or a baseball bat, I'll take the bat every time...
I'm not shooting at anything , these days. If I was, I wouldn't be very concerned about a coyote's final moments. Also, when I was a boy, I killed several of them with a .22 . Ground hogs and racoons also, so I'm not sure where you are getting this idea that the weapon isn't capable of dealing with varmants.
Seems right on point to me. I've seen this sort of view of masculinity echoed by tons of guys. It's not their fault; it's a matter of socialization. The idea of masculinity, for example, is pretty bound up in fears and insecurities related to making money, being the head of a household, not appearing weak (by crying openly, for instance). Men's upbringing hasn't exactly championed the opposite views to these points, in generations past.
Ya, because why deal with reality when you can just ignore it.
Tired arguments really are the best.
He's suggesting that a gender lens is always in play, which is correct. I agree there is an implication , but it doesn't necessarily entail : men don't belong or aren't the best choice. Anything you take from his comment, further than that, is projection or possibly insecurity.
What do you mean by cater? All the 2015 curriculum did was to aknowledge the existence of people who identify in ways outside binary gender views, and promote respect for ALL lifestyles in terms of sexual orientation and gender identity. Now, if you wanna talk about legislating gender pronouns, I'd agree that's taking it too far and infringing on freedom of expression. That's not what we are talking about. We are talking about a curriculum that was inclusive. Period. It didn't promote any one lifestyle over another; it only promoted respect. Having a problem with that is a sign that you either haven't read the curriculum documents, or that you have some deep seeded bias against anybody who doesn't fit your idea of normal.
I don't understand the question. Why do I need to define gender, exactly? I also don't see why you need to use any stereotypes to talk about a fluid concept.
Defining gender is like defining love. It's a personal experience with a chemical and psychological basis. Good luck . I'm not jumping through dumbass diversionary hoops. I believe gender is fluid and not restricted to biological sex. I believe gender is informed by a multitude of factors related to all sorts of things in both camps of nature and nurture. I believe that a push to shelter kids from harmless information in the name of fear and a desire to cling to antiquated ideals is asinine. By the way, according to recent input, most people from ON agree with me.
I just meant that he is correct in saying that a gender lens is always in play. Whenever one gender is underrepresented, it has an effect on anyone who identifies with that gender. That's just a fact of life. It's like if there is a black student at a school, and they are never exposed to any black role-models, either in the position of teachers or administrators etc. It can have a subtle yet harmful effect. I'm not saying anything about the proposed regulations, or whether or not they are justified. I'm just saying that JT talking about gender in this way is not some kind of attack on masculinity. He's recognized something real and it has been at play long before his party came to power.
I just don't think it's reverse descrimination. It's basically affirmative action , which is not supposed to be descrimination.
You do realize that there really wasn't a good way to deal with the U.S. in that situation, right? Doesn't matter who the PM is, the pressure from Trump would have been pretty damn stifling. I feel as if a Con PM would have just oiled up his ass for a good buggerin'. At least Trudeau tried to act tough. We essentially are America's bitch. That's the sad truth.
Oh I agree. I'm not sure if it's worse to piss off Trump or China.
Not the most practical stance, but idealistically, you are correct.
Here's what you do. Build a completely broken commander deck with a non-legal creature as commander, and add a bunch of proxies of expensive cards (anything you can't afford, like \[\[gaea's cradle\]\] if it makes sense to play it in the deck). Hell, stick in some of the OP cards from the un-sets, as well. Make this deck absolutely disgusting and oppressive. If he plays Leo, pull this one out and focus him every time. The tune of your playgroup should change pretty quick, and, if it doesn't, you get to ignore the banlist and proxy rules and play a stupidly illegal deck.
Pffff fuck that, dude. If we were playing a video game and I was allowed to use cheat codes but you weren't, would you have fun?
Well, you aren't wrong all the time. But, where politics are concerned, there's no such place. I'm not saying it's right. Just saying...
Games have rules for a reason. Sounded to me like the guy led OP to believe the leo deck wasn't gonna be that oppressive. I don't get salty when I lose, but I also do my table the courtesy of playing the game as was intended. You know.... To have fun.
Where are you getting that? I said in my OP that I wasn't doing the right thing and I felt bad. The onus is on both parties.
Well, you're right I wouldn't actually do that. I was just making a point. To be clear, I understand that what I did was wrong. You seem like one of those people who like to stomp somebody into the ground when they make a mistake, though. If someone litters, I guess you can try and shame them into a better outlook, but I really don't think it is effective. Does that not make sense?
LOL. I don't like violence and I would never do that. I can tell you with certainty that if he had said something like, "Hey, man I've got to pick these up. Could you move someplace else?" I would have just said sorry and left.
No. I didn't make that person communicate poorly. That was his choice, and 9/10 times that sort of approach will just alienate whoever you want to inform. It seems like its more important to you to look like you are right, than to actually have a positive outcome.
What's the irony? That you are indeed right? Congrats. Being right and then going on and on about it or gloating isn't mature or reasonable. Like I said, sanctimonious. I'm not saying his approach worked. I'm not petty, so I won't go back there just to spite him. Some people would, though.
Thanks. You're pretty much the only person who didn't turn this into a shame-fest because I made the mistake of tossing a few butts on the ground, absentmindedly. Guy works in the service industry, too. I don't quite understand that. Maybe he was just having a bad morning. I also think the whole "where do you work thing" really threw me. As if he was going to go speak to my manager or something (my manager would laugh him out of the office if he did).
&gt;It seems like its more important to you to look like you are right This, correct? Maybe you misunderstood. I was saying that it's not enough for you to be right about something, and have someone say sorry, but you have to rub it in and appear a certain way.
Probably because I have nothing to apologize to you for. You think they guy's attitude was warranted, so I assume you would have reacted in the same way.
Is this what you would call an argument? lol It's completely degenerated, thanks to you, into sophistry and virtue-signalling.
So, because I tossed a butt, which I regret, I'm an asshole? Just like that. Boom. Nothing redeeming about my character, huh? You're a fool.
I actually get what he was upset about, I just think he could have treated me like a person who made a mistake instead of some lowlife.
You're being unreasonable. I made a mistake, apologized, and said I'd do better. If that's not good enough, suck a dick.
No. That reasonable, provided you do it without the fucking holier than thou attitude.
Lol oh wow. So now I'm a homophobe . You're ridiculous .
How would I know if you are a man or a woman?
A hard-learned lesson, to be sure.
\&gt;IMO this guy might have perceived your creating him work a bit more severe than your apology. Maybe saying "Oh sorry" when you're in the middle of the act after committing this act several times didn't come across as sincere? I think you are right about this. I just have trouble with people who won't let you forget a simple mistake. I don't have a fucking time machine, otherwise I'd use it to negate the harm already done.
Don't bother with this line of reasoning, man. Another guy on here said that I could donate $1000 to charity and I'd still be a piece of shit because i tossed a few butts. You know, I'm a left leaner, but fuck if I don't see more and more of these psycho SJW dicks all over Reddit and in society in general. It makes me sick. What's worse is their dumbass liberal crusades will only blow up in their faces in the long run, because it only fuels the people on the other side hating them and anything left of center.
Seems to me that unbanning it wouldn't be an issue for cEDH tables, cuz those guys/gals tend to drop a lot of $ on their cutthroat decks. Casual tables need the ban, though. They are supposed to be fun, not broken.
Jack Handy, is that you!!!!???? : )
lol. My fav was always: To me, clowns aren't funny. In fact, they're kind of scary. I've wondered where this started and I think it goes back to the time I went to the circus, and a clown killed my dad.
True. I'm kind of talking out my ass, as I don't do cEDH.
Sorry, but no. If you go down that road, anything you do that someone else has a problem with is ground for them to chew you out, rather than just explain themselves. Again, even if someone is a dick "first", you can choose not to be. Nobody decides that but you, bro. In any case, I may have been inconsiderate but it was an error in judgement;. I didn't go up and blow smoke in the guy's face and throw the butt down at his shoes. I was minding my own business, albeit not giving enough thought to those around me.
Have some [[humility]], man...
You're right . My bad.
I love both films, but I'm not a hard core fan of TNG (I watched it a ton when I was younger, but I'm not a "fanboy" by any means). Anyway, I definitely agree that Generations was the better film. For one, it didn't really remind me of anything I'd seen before (except maybe the Superman story "for the man who has everything", a little). First Contact was basically Star Trek: Terminator. But it was thouroughly entertaining, especially the zero g space walk scene.
Great article! I built Emmara, also, and she gave me a pleasant surprise in that I knew she'd be a fun tokens commander, but I didn't realize how explosive she can be. I will definitely be looking for a spot for [[fresh meat]] in anticipation of board wipes, now that I've seen it in your list. Not sure if anyone has mentioned [[diversionary tactics]], but I've found it's good redundancy for glare of subdual. I don't know about you, but I die a little inside when I think about how I can't use [[opposition]].
Legionnaire combos with presence of gond, also!
Well, if it's anything like my lgs, there will be a range of decks from jank to cEDH. If you wanna win, I'd heavily suggest playing something competitive. For me, I'd play FC [[Tazri]], but that cuz it's the only fully optimized deck I own. But any of the tier 1 commanders, built accordingly, will net you some wins.
That's a weird rule. Typical view of life gain in EDH is that it's not very good. Is there also a no combo rule? Or a rule that limits commander damage? Infect? All these elements tend to mitigate the effectiveness of life gain in the format.
I'd include [[ghostway]] as redundancy for eerie interlude, personally.
As others said, hug in a combo meta is usually a king maker, so I wouldn't recommend it. If you go the untap route, [[uba mask]] is cool because it makes a lot of the parley revealed cards unplayable for your opponents.
Cards like sunbird's and [[zacama]] are virtual card advantage, remember. Still, I see your point. My build focusses on high cmc and top of library manipulation with cards that care about that (like [[psychic battle]] and clash mechanics]]. Then I have stuff that is high cmc but can be played for alternate costs ([[dig through time]], for example, and the undaunted spells). Kozileks are good draw spells in jodah, too.
When you are in omniscience mode (I don't know why I haven't added this in mine, btw. I have an [[academy rector]] and [[flash]] I'm not using) do you typically have a lot of cards in your bin?
Ummm no. You guys should be running [[nature's claim]] etc... You have to anticipate some decks are going to try and set up stax style assymetrical effects ocassionaly. Even casual pods need to be able to deal with an elf deck that plays winter orb, for example.
For me, [[synthetic destiny]]. It's [[mass polymorph]] at instant speed, and it plays around board wipes since the revealed creatures enter the battlefield at the end of turn. I like building around this card: having a ton of non-creature token generation cards and only 8 - 10 very threatening creatures in the deck means you know exactly what you are getting based on how many tokens you control when it resolves.
Why not? Sexual orientation isn't necessarily related to gender. A person born male, who identifies as female, could be attracted to females, which would make her a lesbian.
What's the point in going on with these kind of remarks? I get it. You find the points I'm making ridiculous. It should tell you something that you can't defend your position without resorting to this kind of school yard rhetoric. Or do you really need me to explain how claiming you are a non-binary gender is different from claiming you are an inanimate object? Yeesh.
Notice how there's no scientific evidence to back up those claims either ? Gender isn't the same as living vs nonliving, or even species. Period. While the latter two are easily identified by science, the former is bound up in social stigmitization and indoctrination. Nobody grows up wondering if they are a helicopter, but a transgender individual might go through any number of experiences that cause them to surpress or curb their process of self-identification.
&gt;Humans are a sexually dimorphic species and reproduce sexually with the binary male and female. (evidence) I wouldn't characterize this statement as inaccurate, just over-simplified, given the context of this discussion. Doesn't address the concept that gender and sex are not the same thing. &gt;You can't even describe a supposed 3rd sex/gender without using descriptors of the binary.(ie: looks like a micro-penis.. ect..) (more evidence) Good point. Let's use an analogy, here: can you describe being an atheist without referencing God or using descriptors related to theism? No? Well, I guess God is real and absolute. I fully agree that the socially/historically dominant binary view colours our understanding of gender discourse, today. &gt;Ohh no!, you said 'period' so your statement MUST be true then.. my mistake..... who need facts when you have 'period'. Just don't give me ALL CAPS i don't know how id ever recover. This is deflection; doesn't have anything to do with the subject. Also, as I already pointed out, you succumbed to the same kind of thing you are complaining about when you regurgitated that line about the attack helicopter.
In the 60's, homosexuality was considered by many to be a mental illness. I guess change is good, sometimes.
It's not ludicrous. I'd say it isn't certain in the way other issues are, but it is not ludicrous to suggest that humans (as well as other animals with tight societal bonds, like chimps or bonobos, etc) can have a gender identity not wholly determined by genetics. Nor is it ludicrous to suggest that people may have an inalienable right to self-determine where gender is concerned.
I already addressed that lol. It's not evidence at all, it's just a statement (and one that ignores the fact that gender and sex are not synonymous) Citations if you wanna get all empirical about it.
I voted against Harper mainly because of that whole muzzling of scientists deal. Very shady and big brother-esque. Whatever else I didn't like about Harper, that bit of controversy made me feel as if his government would be all about the spin, tailoring news and scientific findings to suit their own ends.
Basically the government attempted to strongarm it's researchers into only talking to the media under specific restrictions. There was a whole, multi-tiered process in place if a journalist started asking questions, a process which allowed the gov to steer or spin the conversation.
Says the con zombie. Lol. Run along, yourself. Looking forward to thinking about your butthurt status after the election, chump.
Blah blah keep blowing your hot air, guy. It's pretty funny.
I used to scoop early to super oppressive decks. Sometimes you don't feel like being in [[stasis]] waiting to see if the other guy is going to find his wincon (assuming there is one).
I built a nearly permanent-free [[child of alara]] deck that is pretty much all spot removal and sweepers. Lots of cards like [[decimate]], [[windgrace's judgement]], [[Sylvan reclamation]], [[Crush Contraband]] etc that deal with multiple threats. Then the wincons are big x spells like [[comet storm]], since the deck ramps hard and can pretty consistently pull off big, sudden mana with [[Mana geyser]]. It's also fun to wipe the board repeatedly, then play [[rise of the dark realms]]. Seems like it might be a good way to introduce your meta to removal!
I liked it. Besides some cheesey lines towards the end (mostly from the character of Joseph) and the fact that the ultimate twist was a bit underwhelming, I thought it was a fitting conclusion to the trilogy.
Yes, people are not smart.
What about r/Canada or r/metacanada? This sub isn't much different. Some are left and some are right. I'm any case, I find it hard, as a moderate, to understand how anybody supports the current provincial gov. Even if you like all the cuts, they appear weaker all the time for backpedaling and pandering.
Which makes them not smart. I feel like we're going in circles. Some people don't want vaccinations. It doesn't mean they are smart people.
So, they rejected it out of spite lol? And this is supposed to make others believe they ARE smart?
I don't know what you mean by "normal". I'm just saying that there is really only one downside to PR and that is coalition governments. However, we have never tried these out, so it is simple fear and ignorance that keeps us from doing so. Furthermore, as I said, the alternative is bouncing back and forth between spending-crazy liberals and cutting-crazy conservatives, more or less.
You should question the true motivations of the people who want FPTP to continue. Usually, they are either completely uninformed and good to keep on going with the system they were raised with, or they have a vested interest in avoiding governments that are not majority-based.
I think your claim is baseless and that you just want to hear something you're not hearing. Or get validation for ideas that are largely not popular (at least among people who frequent Reddit). I'm sure it's easier to blame echo Chambers than accept your views are not popular among other regular users who subscribe to this sub.
Ignorance and complacency are not virtues.
Good for them and good for you. Guess what. It doesn't change my opinion.
Plenty of alternatives have been suggested. Boosting revenue for one (which the cancelled cap and trade plan would have satisfied). Increased corporate and personal tax (the best and most effective way to clear a deficit, but it's understandable why some people would opposed personal tax increases).
See, this is cool. I did something similar with [[Oloro]] years back. I played a lot of cards that could be activated by removing them from the bin and cycle stuff to get around epic, but this is much more appealing. Access to green can get you there a lot faster.
I like the idea of abusing her inevitability. At a certain point, even after going up against most of the removal common to edh, you know she's coming back cheap and at instant speed. Makes Voltron a strong option, as others have pointed out. Personally, I might try to make [[polymorph]]-type cards work. Have a moderate selection of fatties in the 99, and just keep using stuff like [[jalira]] or [[Proteus staff]] on derevi to yank them out of your deck.
The companies know that if they open this door, YouTube will be flooded with videos helping people DIY on every conceivable device.
I was in the room for both my sons' circumcisions. They didn't even cry. Not during or anytime after. Circumcision, though not necessary, is not torture or mutilation. Why did I have it done to my sons? Because, personally, I know two dudes who didn't get circumsized as children and had to do it as adults because of infections. Now, these guys are not slobs or gross people. They should have been more meticulous when bathing, given they are uncircumcised, but sometimes life gets in the way or you get zonked out and forget to do the little things right (like flossing regularly). Both those guys definitely would have preferred to have the procedure done as an infant, I can tell you that much.
Lol no I view it as a harmless procedure that the child doesn't even remember. I mean, should we not vaccinate babies because they can't give consent to getting a needle? That's a stupid idea. As parents, we have to make decisions for our children, and they aren't always pleasant. Personally, I don't care if a parent chooses to do the procedure or not, but the trend of people using circumcision in abortion and birth control arguments is tired and ridiculous.
Great rundown of lifegain! Personally, I've always been a fan of [[Selenia, dark angel]]. It's as much about paying life as gaining it, and then switching life totals when the time is right.
Don't breathe. I didn't hate that one, actually.
Pitch Black
Yes very Ghostbusters feel (same director, I think)
Pretty damn good colors to lean into enchantments. Lots of anthems are the right type, and you could alpha strike with [[opalessence]] or [[starfield of nyx]] if your tokens aren't doing it for you.
Honestly, if I was doing Narset superfriends, I'd probably still play extra turn spells...
You play a bunch of anthem effects like [[glorious anthem]]. Each one makes and immediately buffs a token with this commander.
I wasn't there, but I saw them both on video. Seemed like Ford was getting it A LOT worse.
I didn't hate it. It did what I expected it to do.
Ford does nothing without a political motive. He's just trying to look good because he knows practically everyone in ON hates his guts, now. He doesn't give a shit about gay people or the police. Whoever wrote this article should remove their lips from his ass.
Who said anything about that fucking twit? Don't assume I'm a lib just because I recognize Ford is a dumpster fire .
Clever response.
Man, I loved that movie as a kid. Really simple premise that war got out of hand, so the nations of the world switched to single-combat with giant robots to settle territorial disputes.
I've always loved the novel, Watchers, even though I'm not really a Koontz fan. The movies are ok (if you watch them knowing you are seeing a B movie from the 80's/90's). I would dearly love to see a movie made with a real budget, though.
Was considering tokens myself. Seems pretty good to just staple an extra body onto something like \[\[raise the alarm\]\].
Quick question for anyone who sees this: &amp;#x200B; Would Kykar turn \[\[Polymorph\]\] into "reveal cards from your library until you hit a creature and put it onto the BF"?
Gotcha. Now, is that different than when a spell is "played"?
Oh totally I didn't mean to say I think T2 is better, just that I felt it's easier to make that comparison since they are more similar, tonally, in my opinion.
With the help of others on reddit, I have come to know that you need at least 21 1-2 CMC vamps to consistently spam tokens via eminence.
1. Like others have said, the original cut had parker and rip arrive just as brett's body was pulled into an overhead vent. I'm glad they cut the scene as Yaphet Kotto's reaction to getting blood on his face was... kinda weird. Before I knew about this cut scene, I just kinda filled in the blanks myself (that they arrived just as his body was being taken into the vents, and they caught a glimpse of the creature). 2. The specifics of the alien life cycle and growth cycle were fleshed out a lot more as the sequels came out. For example, the alien looks and even acts somewhat differently depending on what species its host was (human or dog, etc). Kind of cool, like the alien's genes take on part of the genes of its host animal. Also kind of cool: In the uncut version of Alien, there is a scene where Ripley discovers the alien's nest on the Nostromo. Inside, she find Dallas, still "alive"; he is stuck to a wall and he is partway through transforming into an egg (like the ones Kane found in the ship). So, originally, the life cycle involved the alien taking people alive and turning them into more eggs, which, if they kept it, would have made the climactic events of James Cameron's Aliens impossible.
Weirdly enough, I've always thought that the aliens don't need to eat. They just kill as a biological imperative, like their species is this "interstellar virus" that is spreading across the galaxy. I realize that much of the supplemental material that has come out (the awesome comics, for example) says the opposite. But you never really see the Alien feeding in an obvious way (at least, in the first 3 films). Most you really see is it sort of playing with it's prey like a cat plays with a mouse, and it seems to like playing around in its victims' blood. I know that Ash comments on its nutritional requirements in the first film, but I don't get a clear sense of what he means. I took his comment to mean that it doesn't really need to eat, but I think I'm wrong about that. I think part of the reason I worked it out in my head that way was because of how the aliens can basically hibernate for seemingly hundreds or thousands of years until other living creatures discover their eggs and they can start the life cycle back up again, like dormant spores.
I feel like leaving a lot of elements unanswered was a good call because of this. I have a love hate relationship with the newer films in the franchise because 1) I love the Alien universe and I want to see more stories, but 2) they are really fleshing out the backstory, which I don't really like.
There was a scene cut from the first film where Rip find Dallas and he's partway towards turning into a facehugger egg. So, originally, the alien capture people and turned them into more eggs, but they cut it which allowed Cameron to explore the whole queen idea (thank God!)
Really? Not even top 10? I now need to know your top 3 action films!
Ahhh that makes sense! That's a tight top 3. T2 is certainly on mine. I liked Hudson in Aliens, but yeah he is annoying. "Game over man, game over!"
Oh yeah totally. Imo, Rip is still the most badass female protagonist in movies
Welcome to Canadian politics. If you wanna be premier, or in service of one, do your fucking job and listen to the opposition. You are paid to listen to that shit, so just do it, or get the fuck out.
The earplugs are childish, regardless. The province pays those officials to do those jobs, even when it might be boring or inconvenient.
I don't think calling someone a piece of shit is as bad as the earplugs, personally.
Nobody said it was "free money". Where are you getting that? If you actively use less carbon, you will pay less tax and still qualify for a rebate. Therefore, if you lower your family's carbon consumption, you stand to make some money.
Or the role of the unions. For fuck's sake, it pissed me off so much when they suggested the unions, if only by extension, had anything to do with the student walkouts.
It's two weeks Xmas, one week March break. Plus two months in the summer. At least, that's what I have.
When people promote tolerance, they usually don't mean you have to stop calling stupid people stupid.
Ford supporters are not triggered into following him, man. They do so out of many reasons, most of them bad, none of them equivalent to political knowledge or fellow-feeling. There's not a thing a left leaner could say to influence them to not be that way, honestly . Don't try and spin it like calling them out on their idiocy in some way make more of them.
haha, i know what you mean. But, how could they not figure it out by seeing that Ronan is still alive (and played by a different actor than Lee Pace, unfortunately) and in the service of Thanos in that timeline.
I love Dreamcatcher, but most people hate it.
Resources, yes. Investment in the message, I'd argue, falls to the students.
But they all used to be teachers (at least all the ones I've worked with). The requirement for a background in education doesn't extend much further up the ladder, unfortunately.
First, any society worth its salt should value education beyond private standards. It ought to be protected. Now, your company is private, and I get that you look at the public sector, the unions etc, as cushy. However, some of us feel that our education system shouldn't be gambled on a capitalist market like some commodity; we don't want to risk losing our world class system just because competition offers the possibility of excellence. That's what happens to companies like yours sometimes, right? They go under because the competition was too strong, they couldn't offer the same product at a competitive price, etc. Doesn't make sense to me to even compare education with business. Second, you just need to be one of those companies that has some kind of connection to Doug Ford. Then, you'll have nothing to worry about.
"You were right about one thing, master... https://giphy.com/gifs/star-wars-qNeHjQ7ugO4TK "
This is true, but if cubs are around people should just be really careful.
Oh, yeah I agree.
At what point are we going to stop, look at our society, and realize that we are promoting a really idiotic and materialistic lifestyle. We are so fucking obsessed with consuming and accumulating wealth, and large companies often have as much or more sway in the way things are run than politicians. It's fucked up. I may sound like some kind of tinfoil hat - wearing paranoid guy, but I really feel like, at some point, shit will hit the fan and there will be a war on the super wealthy in the west. Maybe not in the next 50 or 100 years, but it's coming, if things continue as they are.
God, please leave older franchises alone, Hollywood. Make something new.
You don't need tens of millions of dollars to achieve that. I'm talking about the top 1% here, not upper middle class people.
I heard they were toying with the idea of a crossover between 21 Jump Street and MIB. That would have been fun, if it had an R rating.
There is literally no way to scientifically prove that there are only two GENDERS. Sex is different, and has to do with biology, and you can use science to understand it. GENDER, is not related to biology.
Why should the amount matter? Some people probably do use 6x the amount others do, or maybe they only use 3x the amount. The point is, the more carbon neutral you live, the better the rebate.
Give me a break lol
I think you're right about Scheer does not equal Ford. However, as a resident of Ontario, the thought of any common ground these two have scares the shit out of me.
I don't recall saying anything about Russians. Not sure who you are aiming at with those remarks, but you've missed the mark, bro. It's comments like this that make you seem like the type of person who just dismisses anything you don't agree with, labelling and lumping together those voices as liberal idiots (like another user already pointed out).
WTF are you talking about? Your link has nothing to do with what I asked, now does it? It's a whole other election. You can point to tons of examples of corruption in the past (on both sides of the line), but you're doing nothing to actually address this issue (which is one of the worst argumentative mistakes one can make). My point was that I didn't say anything about Russian Bots or trolls, so telling me that I am ready to believe in them when it works for me is fucking stupid and childish. I'm not feigning victimhood; I'm telling you that you made a foolish assumption and are the one who is avoiding the point. Give some argument/evidence beyond your own personal hunches and maybe people will take you seriously. Otherwise, wait until you know the facts before you start crying about election influence/tampering. FFS, in the first comment I replied to, you actually asked if the other user was comfortable with foreigners influencing our elections. Obviously, nobody is comfortable with that, you dolt. The point is, nobody knows if that is what's happening here. Your arguments are disingenuous, lazy, and, no surprise, populist.
I was considering doing the same, and throwing in [[starfield of nyx]] and [[opalessence]] for a surprise alpha strike (leaning into enchantments obviously).
There's no point in going on with you. You've deluded yourself into thinking one instance stands as a universal truth. Best or luck to you and your tinfoil hat.
That's because he pulled it out of his ass. It's easy to latch on when they are too stupid to form a cogent thought. I'm sure it happens to you all the time.
You should let me do your taxes, then. I have no accounting background, but I have paid tax, so I'm totally qualified. Furthermore, it's doubtful there's anyone else out there who'd be a better choice. /s
I'm going either tokens/polymorph (I used to have an \[\[Ephara\]\] deck that aimed to flood the board with tokens and then \[\[mass polymorph\]\]/\[\[synthetic destiny\]\] into some preators and other fatties) or tribal anthems with a heavy enchantment theme, so that I can run \[\[opalessence\]\] and \[\[starfield of nyx\]\] to animate all my enchantments and go wide, even if i'm low on spirit tokens. \*I don't use infinite combos to win, and I don't like playing solitaire (so, no storm)
Most of us hate Ford and fully support the union. Don't be mistaken about that. Furthermore, your information about the math performance is not accurate. The number of students who are not meeting provincial standards (meaning, they are getting below a B, not that they are failing as the cons like to bullshit) has always hovered around 50%. Sometimes it goes up and sometimes down. All the other subject metrics show increases in performance. The focus on the recent marginal decrease in math performance is a popular con talking point, but it is completely disingenuous. As for our salaries, we should wait to see what is on the table during negotiations. We don't even know if salary is an issue yet. The last time bargaining was not going well (under Wynne) we didn't get any significant increases in compensation and our salary grid was frozen for quite some time. My guess is, we will strike (because who actually thinks this government is going to negotiate in good faith?) and we will be legislated back to work (possible that this will happen preemptively). Then, we will work-to-rule. All this being said, I'm not sure that this will have a great effect on the Federal election as the article suggests.
Ministers ought to have a background in their ministry field. Period. I'd be critical of any government appointments, and there are many, that ignore this principle. The claim that they supervise people who DO know what they are talking about, is problematic in an obvious way. However, even if you are somehow comforted by that, we already know that several educational consultations were commissioned and ignored when the feedback didn't align with party views and values. Seems to me that this, at the least, should make us doubt our politicians actually listening to the experts and professionals.
Well, I don't know of it's all that cut and dry, but I see your point. I mean, the strike under Wynne was about them trying to take away the right to bargain collectively, which was deemed unconstitutional. We are all supposed to be paid out by the government for this, but only some unions have gotten it.
Once again, to make a decision that is in direct contradiction to the findings of the consultations they themselves commissioned, sends a pretty clear message.... And it's not a flattering one.
We work hard at an important job. I think we get compensated fairly. Our pensions cost us 11% of our salary, yearly. We are paid out for the time we work over the course of the whole year, so summers off are just that, time off without pay. I'll gladly work during part of the summer if I'll be paid for the extra month.
Last time there was a strike, there were wage freezes AND an attempt to do away with collective bargaining . That ended with the government losing the court battle and owing the union members money.
Well, if you can't figure out for yourself that you are stereotyping, why should I have to explain it to you?
So are many libs and cons...
And right wing parties don't rely on Pathos? Give me a break. They bleed populism and that shit is all about the feels.
Stereotyping is always a bad thing... I'd like to hear how you'd explain it isn't. Edit:. Downvotes for arguing that stereotypes are bad lol. Fuck this sub, sometimes, honestly.
Very good point, but remember that those lines won't work when the power is out. That matters to some people, I gather.
Oh really? Didn't know that was an option. Kind of like a backup generator?
/s
Galiph dismounted the great bird, coughing and spitting, cursing between retches. The aviary quartermaster had laughed at him just before he had taken flight. Now, he understood why. He admonished himself as he picked more bugs from his teeth. *Next time, wear the damned face plate.*
Then you haven't been paying attention. This government throws money out the window then picks the education and health care pockets . It's disgraceful.
The whole "we need to tighten our belts" argument kind of falls apart when the government keeps throwing away money left and right. From propping up horse racing to challenging a carbon tax we only have because they cut cap and trade (which was a source of revenue), this government hasn't shown itself to be fiscally responsible. Why should educators have to bear the brunt of attacking the deficit when there are so many other areas where money could be saved, or at least not wasted?
I started with a map (going off some preliminary ideas I already knew I wanted to incorporate ex. I wanted there to be a portion of the map covered in a vast wilderness where my Elves would live). I used the free version of Inkarnate (a fantasy map building website that is pretty fun to use, even without all the extra paid features). Then I decided which races I wanted to inhabit my world and made a chart with their basic physical characteristics and cultural characteristics. Again, I had some loose ideas of what I wanted them to be like. I also defined the rules of my magic system (I chose a soft system) at this point. From there, I tackled the creation story of my world: Who made the world (I went with a single, omnipotent creator), how the races came to be, etc. I kind of started writing a history of the world, starting with creation (or pre-history), then the beginnings of recorded history, then modern history (last 500 years), and finally recent history (the last few decades, or so). I started each of these sections with basic elements and went into more detail as I developed it. Then I started doing character sketches/bios for the actual story I wanted to write. I just started by forcing myself to think of 10 interesting characters I wanted to be part of my story (not worrying about how or why they would enter the plot yet). Worth it to note that I kept going back and making changes or adding details as new ideas came to me (So, while writing one character sketch, I ended up going back and adding to my magic system rules because I had some new ideas); I did this kind of thing a lot as I went. I am currently in the process of writing some short stories to get used to some of these characters and to flesh out their backstory/motivations a little bit. I'm just trying to get a sense of who they are by doing this, but it also scratches the "I just want to jump in and start writing" itch a little bit). Once I finish that stage, I will be doing a basic outline of Act I, II, and II, then a full outline of the novel (scene by scene). Then, I'll start writing the scenes.
Nothing we haven't been through before.
No, u. He actually makes sense and isn't happy to be a prejudiced jerk .
Tin foil hat shit going on with the last part of your post, btw.
Oh and here is a source for the metric: https://fixourschools.ca/2019/06/06/ontarios-public-education-system-one-of-the-best-in-the-world/
I gave you a link to the data and findings ...
Again, the data shows that we are in the top 10 in math, globally. So, you and those parents are wrong lol.
And your point is? The first thing I did was prompt you and you still have nothing but anecdotes to go on.
Are you serious? Did u even read the article I sent you?
Try what again?
This article is also not proving your point as it directly states we are on par or above average in most of these areas compared to other oecd countries. And the ones we are lower in are by a slight margin. Read much?
There are a lot of countries besides the Congo on the oecd list lol but whatever feeds your narrative bud.
I'm going to to ahead and say that doesn't surprise me in the least.
What this conversation comes down to is me providing you with actual data and evidence that refutes your claim about steeply declining education outcomes, and then you saying, "but but but the gov'ment made all dat up, my friends are smart and dey told me what's up!" Lol Where did the goalposts go!!!???
https://www.hpedsb.on.ca/2019/2019-eqao-results-for-primary-junior-grade-9-and-10-assessments/ Pay close attention to the provincial rows for each set of results. You will see either improvement in recent years, or marginal declines. To be clear, I'm not saying results couldn't be better, but the curriculum is prescribed and the previous liberal government kind of screwed the pooch with the whole focus on exploratory/discovery learning. You didn't see teachers and educators doing work-to-rule or striking when Ford announced that the math curriculum would be changed to back-to-basics, did you? That's because they want it. If you go back to 2009, that cohort was at the beginning of the curriculum shift, so you have to expect better results. You want to see those results again, address the curriculum problem, don't blame educators because you want to save money to pay for a court battle to fight the carbon tax, or to pay for money thrown away over a cancelled beer contract, or a slew of other moves that show this government's ineptness. All of this, of course, assumes you put any stock in such standardized testing (you can look up how much criticism eqao has received over the years, culminating in the recent proposal to do away with it entirely). Tip for you my simple friend, the education system isn't something you can trim down to one test administered each year.
Uhhhggg you know what, don't bother reading my other response to this comment. I just had a look at your post history and the number of pointless, toxic arguments you happily dive into, and in which you use terms like "retard" over and over, is reason enough to avoid you. Have a nice life you sad, sorry misanthrope.
I'm not a liberal lol.
That's an interesting question. Im thinking back to fantasy books I've read and I don't even think most of them mention the names of days. Characters just say things like "it's two days ride from here..." Etc. Do you have to designated the names of the days or can you just avoid it like that?
eLearning is a joke lol . Try again.
We are in the top 10 globally, so maybe your anectotal experience is the exception and not the rule.
eLearning is primarily module-based reading and research. It's nothing special at all. Anything that is done on eLearning platforms, with the exception of the use of some special software for specific courses of study, can be done in a traditional classroom via the already-in-place tech integration.
Most kids walk to school or use mass transit already.
I'm using 20 yr old laptops in my classroom, so.... Not much of a stretch.
You're probably the type of student who can self-regulate. Many modern students lack executive functioning skills.
Another one with no evidence to back it up. We are top 10, globally. Recent scores showed improvement in every metric but match, which is getting a curriculum overhaul (supposedly), but yeah our system is broken lol. Irony of someone who works for Bell insinuating that teachers are overpaid or greedy.
Way to boil everything down to idiot level.
Classy. Why don't you just jerk off for the thousandth time this week instead of letting your negative energy out into the world?
They do, but you can only lead a horse to water.
They do, but you can only lead a horse to water.
They are making it mandatory, though.
The unions have already calculated how long before they start losing money with this idiotic ploy. They will certainly outlast the government.
Tell your wife not to be a scab. Solidarity.
How would you know lol?
The are allowing some people to do clerical work at the union office. Has she inquired about an exemption? I also think pregnant women can do this though. It's 3 hrs and it's not that cold. I dunno. I'm sorry for being so harsh earlier (I think I missed the pregnancy part somehow) but it's not the end of the world to have to do this even for someone who is halfway through a pregnancy.
I'm talking about Alabama.
Absolutely agree.
I don't think the argument is that elearning is bad. It's just not the kind of environment where all kids can learn effectively. I mean, what is elearning, really? Modules with assigned readings and video viewings, with the requirement to post regularly and respond to the posts of others. Anybody who can point and click a mouse can do it, but the kids who lack executive functioning skills and/or have little support or accountability at home are not going to time manage, organize, or self-regulate in such a way that they will experience success in an online course. Elearning is widely available for INTERESTED students already, so there is no need to make it mandatory in any way. The only justification for doing so is saving money, which is not a bad idea, but if it is done at the cost of no longer providing quality education that is equitable, it is really a despicable move.
I'll ignore your ignorant and biased statements about educators and just address the online learning. Yes, post-secondary institutions offer many courses online, and , often, you have to take them. However, people who do this are paying for their education, they WANT to be there and learn, they have likely already demonstrated the basic executive functioning skills necessary (plus more) because their marks were high enough to get them into a college or university program. Comparing them to high school kids who struggle to learn even when there is direct support and accountability (as in a traditional classroom) is really silly. University bound kids aren't the kids who will be negatively affected by this.
You just like to eat the shit the government shovels. Try actually looking into it beyond the numbers they provide. And where is your evidence that there are MORE qualified people waiting in the wings? I would guess they got a B.A. then B.Ed just like all the teachers who came before them.
They want it to go away as in they want the government to back off the cuts. Otherwise, I call bullshit.
Well, at least you aren't spouting that 100k garbage. 85 - 90k is pretty much the cap. You have to be working for a decade and have your A4 qualification on the pay grid to get there, which requires at least 5 additional qualification courses. So we are taking about professionals who have done at least 7+ years worth or postsecondary or have a master's degree. 85 - 90k before taxes sounds fair to me. The sunshine list is suspect because it counts some administrators, department heads who make a lot more, and recent data was also skewed by the payouts certain unions got from the last government's supreme court loss. Also, if some teachers have a second job or means of income, this goes towards the list. In any case, to make an argument that teachers are overpaid, you have to be claiming their job isn't hard or deserving of the pay. I'd like to see you prove that. Teachers are paid well and they deserve it.
Alabama is actively moving away from online learning in the wake of abysmal scores.
Mental gymnastics. Alabama and Arkansas have bad education outcomes. We currently have good ones. Minister says he wants to emulate the model of these states. This is stupid and it's not fear mongering to say so.
&gt;And this is where we'll fundamentally disagree. As instead of that student working harder, someone else has to work harder for them. Literally having to spoonfeed more people further on in life than ever before. A students lack of motivation shouldn't be the deciding factor of whether something is beneficial or not. Here's the conservative mindset: anybody who struggles or needs support is lazy. &gt;I dunno if you went to post secondary, but almost all the learning you do there is pretty much like eLearning, apart if you have any labs. You go to a lecture hall, take notes, and are required to further the learning on your own. Probably college here is different. So you are comparing students who achieved high marks in highschool and then voluntarily paid (a lot) to further their education to highschool students who have learning exceptionalities and lack executive functioning skills or don't have equitable access to tech at home? Makes sense. &gt;The most obvious solution would be to offer it to advanced students who are serious about furthering their education, thus preparing them for what's to come post secondary, and not offer it to general students who don't plan to furthering their education after HS. It is offered already, very widely. We are talking about making it mandatory (and in the future, making most kids getting their hs diploma online).
My union is one of the most powerful organizations in the country. I don't think they are too afraid. All Doug can do is legislate educators back to to work (and get sued for it). People should remember that the libs did this and the province either has or will have to pay the unions hundreds of millions. When this happens, it's work to rule for the foreseeable future (and a lot of parents are going to hate that). The smart ones will blame the government.
Look at all this money I can save by selling out! Yippee!
So we should sell out the profession to satisfy supply and demand? Sounds great. Make teaching a low paying, undervalued profession and you will get the kinds of teachers you deserve, over time. Look at the States.
It doesn't hurt my feelings, but if you were to pay teachers according to supply and demand, you will reach a point where nobody will want to teach because it isn't a great job for all the education and qualifications you have to pay for to be one. Teaching will become a joke profession, like it is in many part of the U.S. And the system will become entrenched when all the hard work previous job action has accomplished is flushed away. I don't support ruining our education system to save money (especially when more educated citizens = more productive members of our future society = a better economy).
&gt;No, anyone who's unwilling to put in the extra effort is lazy. As it stands, the left likes to incentivize bare minimum. I concede that that are some kids that have issues learning, if you concede that there are kids that are unwilling to put in the effort. I saw classmates fritter away HS, and post secondary educations more for the latter. This is anecdotal. It's just not sufficient to prove any point. &gt;The tech is the only sticking point I see. Independent learning should be required, and if I was in admissions in post secondary, I'd take a hard look at a students ability to learn independently as a measure of how they'll do in post secondary, where as you know there is alot of independent learning. Most students who get in to post sec are competent enough to handle elearning. That's the point. We don't pick winners and losers in schools; we provide equitable education for all. &gt;My guess is teachers would be ok if they did eLearning in class, just someone there supervising, not helping, just collecting a check and paying their dues. Kinda like study period back in the day. Let's call a spade a spade. Job security, Union membership numbers. Teachers already use tech in the classroom. Blended has been shows to be the best method. And who would suggest elearning models that still have kids go to a physical classroom? lol &gt;(and in the future, making most kids getting their hs diploma online). &gt;and here it is.... the real fear..... Job security... If that's what you boil it all down to, you are ignorant. There's no evidence to suggest online learning can replace face-to-face learning. Absolutely none. Even high achievers disengage easily if they feel bored. Plus, if you look into it, the whole transition to elearning is now about selling off education rights to private corporations!
You asked how being a conservative makes you stupid. While I don't think that being a conservative generally makes someone stupid, this time around is different. Presumably, you voted for a man with no platform. Pretty stupid.
The government proposed it. I was talking about the leaked document that showed they are planning on doing that lol. Talk to them if you want answers.
You voted for a mystery box. It's stupid. I don't care what your values are.
Oh well, if you assure us....
Back here or back to ol' Alabamy?
Lol this didn't exist at the time of the election, which why Ford was criticized for not releasing a costed platform.
I make like $220 (elementary, second highest pay bracket).
But how do you know many are lazy? Seems like an assumption, probably based on one person's experience .
Ah yes when the cons won't release something, it's not ready. When it's Trudeau , it must be because it looks bad. Rest of this comment is just sad.
Ha their day doesn't end at 4, bud. While you're at home winding down, they are marking and planning.
Way to move goal posts, there. Yeah I'm sure that the data completely supports their cuts and that's why they aren't releasing it. Notice it's always cons who call people who believe in science or academics a "cult".
Holy fuck did you just aknowledge that educators DO work well past their school hours?! Victory!
Leece said 92 and it's actually 86. Numbers are hard.
That's one board, dude. And in Toronto, no less. Crazy expensive cost of living.
I agree with the "dog" part, though.
Funny how most people only pay attention come strike time. But that is the point, right?
Not every kid is as jaded and unenthusiastic as you were, I guess.
Communist propagandists ? I thought we were just money hungry daycare providers?
What about the union is Communist? If it didn't exist, the gov would just impose whatever they want, without any resistance. Where do you get the figure 7/10?
Kind of a no brainer.
I mean, you just have to think about what online courses beyond highschool really are. Module based readings/video viewings where you have to post and respond to posts every so often. You submit assignments digitally, but they take much the same form as they would in a traditional classroom. Outside of a small number of courses that might require you to work with specific software, there is nothing interesting or novel, and certainly nothing revolutionary, about eLearning. There's no reason beyond cost savings to implement mandatory elearning. Given that studies show kids do worse without the direct support and accountability of the traditional classroom, this move by the government cannot be seen as anything besides selling out, trading the quality of education for profit.
I play no og duals and never have I been sorry for lack of specific Mana. I play fetches, shocks, and the duals that check for basics etb, and a few any colour lands.
I bought one of each of these and I proxy . If I want to play tournament legal I just take the real ones out and put them in whichever deck I'm playing, then switch them back when I'm done.
Embrace the dark side...
Love how facts can now be called propaganda, and propaganda can be called facts. What a world .
Uhhh no. Just no. First off, prove they do nothing all day. Or shut up. Summers are unpaid. Every metric but math showed improvement in the last round of testing, and math dipped marginally. Try again Con shill.
Online learning is so boring and simple. Any competent student/person won't have trouble with it. It's the needy kids who get fucked by being forced to take those courses online.
The other guy already tore you apart because you are.
That's what we will have more of if the government gets their way.
I'm not trying to stereotype people from Alabama, but your education system is bottom 5, isn't it? Sorry, but we don't want that here.
If you had critical thinking skills, you wouldn't say this government is trying to do the right thing. Lol. So, you're own experience with unions is clouding your judgement, just like you were saying hate for Ford is making others not see things clearly. Hypocrite. I don't teach my students anything about politics, really. I teach English, so we focus on narratives, expository texts etc. But thanks for assuming I use my classroom as a pulpit (another strikingly conservative stance, despite the fact that you are supposedly non partisan). The government has already fully admitted they want to turn the online education element into a privatized money maker, selling it even to other provinces. Read up, chum.
Ford decided to make minimum wage earners less well-off. His gov doesn't give a shit about the people you are taking about. As for the rest, sorry but teachers worked hard and paid lots to get their jobs, which are uniquely challenging . They dont deserve to be compared to, let's say, a gas station attendant. Would it be nice if everyone made a professional level wage? Yep. That's just not reality. Post secondary generally allows you to get a better paying job. It's just the way it is. This government could be reinvesting every cent saved on strike days and fully close this issue in a matter of a coupe weeks if they wanted. Now wouldn't that help the tax payer and the educators?
It's module based learning with online readings and video viewings with the requirement to post and respond to other posts, and to submit assignments digitally. It's nothing special or novel. Practically all traditional classrooms embrace blended models , which are proven to be the most effective. Virtually anything that can be done in a post secondary online course or in online job training, I can do with Google classroom as a part of my program at school. The difference is I'm not throwing a bunch of kids who have no executive functioning skills to the wolves by giving them no face to face. Fuck, even the really keen kids I know hate online learning because it bores them. They can succeed at it because they have cultivated executive functioning skills, but they know the truth: while tech integration is the way of the future, online courses are not.
Btw there are crown lawyers that are not privately paid...
He's being downvoted because blended models work very well and there is zero evidence to support a shift to mandatory online learning (in fact, the evidence supports the view that online courses disadvantage many students). There is already an OPTION for students to reach their goals online, as online courses have been widely available across the province for a looooong time. When you make something mandatory it is no longer an option. Online courses, as they exist today, are terrible. They are just module based courses with readings/videos and the requirement to post and respond to others' posts. Taking an online course does not make anyone more digitally fluent or prepared for post-secondary or the workforce. Now, you could argue, as some do, that online learning can be great if it's implemented properly, but this means spending money to make high quality content and platforms available. You think that any government is going to do that, much less the conservatives? They can't even ensure proper wifi or tech ratios in schools as it is, the boards pay for the cheapest options for pretty much every aspect of education. They will do the same when it comes to online courses. Cheapest possible options which means exactly the kind of disengaging formats I was talking about earlier.
Online courses are already widely available, they just aren't mandatory.
Which area did you go to hs in? I was from a town of under 9000 people and I had online options. I would have had to do them from school or the library because I lived outside of the town, though.
This is stupid. Why does it need to be mandatory in the first place? They just want to save money and it doesn't matter to them if it means, as the evidence clearly tells us, that it will lower the quality of education. Furthermore, they haven't given any details about how it will be delivered or anything else, so how are we to argue for better? They have no plan, and there current tech system is pretty garbage (I barely have wifi access in my room and I'm working in a school that is populated by affluent kids, for the most part). Jesus, use your head. They cheap out on everything already and if they wanted to do online learning properly, whether it is mandatory or not, the would have to invest in education instead of cut.
You have no way to prove any of this crazy theory of yours, of course. Just like Leece, you parrot this thought. The mantra is "it's all about the pay, trust me". But the reality is the government said no to EVERYTHING. They refused to bargain. They still refuse. And they still can't explain why they think its all about compensation without resorting to "we know what the unions are up to, trust us". That only cuts it if you are a half-wit.
People always say this, but if education was declared essential then it's more likely than not binding arbitration would increase teacher compensation (at least it would be more regular than over the past decade). The government knows this and that's why they don't want to declare education essential. Right now, they can fight a battle of public perception and attempt to control the narrative. Why give that up for the virtual certainty of having to spend more on education?
It's as if people think we care about the votes that weren't cast in this country. If we did, we could have asked, "well, what about all the people who didn't vote in the last provincial election? Is Ford really the legitimate premier?"
True but more people voted left than right.
True but more people voted left than right.
Evolution doesn't really involve choice, though.
Umm they haven't made compromises, though.
I think you have mistaken another user's comment with part of mine.
Feels like you're going for a hitchiker's guide tone, here. Not a bad angle, and your writing is technically proficient, imo. But, as others have said, the course of the narration feels jumbled and confusing. It would be an understatement to say your prose meanders. I think if you could tighten that aspect up and be a bit more direct, more focussed, your story would be very enjoyable and quirky.
Anecdotal evidence is the best evidence, isn't it folks?
We didn't actually, since he released a half-assed platform like a few days before the election. But, yes, I think we all suspected he'd attack services and continue the idiotic union busting brigade of his con predecessors.
You said bye bye to that last one long ago.
You're downvoted because you are saying things you can't back up. Like, teacher productivity output isn't in line their compensation. Source on this? Last I checked, ON is top 10 globally in terms of education outcomes. Or, they get EI in the summer. Nope. Can't apply unless you are just an occasional teacher. If you have a contract, you can't apply for EI. Current government is running a higher deficit than the last, and they are wasting money doing a lot of stupid shit (from propping up horse racing to fighting the carbon tax in court to reneging on beer contracts that would have expired in a couple years anyway, etc). At the same time, they are cutting vital services. Doesn't add up.
It can be spent smartly in other ways. That's the point. As for the private teacher turnover, those teachers aren't moving over to the public board. It would be a long wait.
Ontario ranking: https://www.theglobeandmail.com/news/national/ontario-school-system-ranks-among-best-in-world-report-says/article567927/ No regular benefits during non teaching periods for teachers with a continuing 10 month contract: https://www.canada.ca/en/services/benefits/ei/ei-teachers.html
What are you taking about. Every permanent teacher has an employment contract. If a teacher doesn't, they are am occasional teacher and can get regular EI benefits. Look up the PISA results form last year or this December and see how high Canada ranks, then understand that Ontario and Alberta are the leading provinces in this country (also the provinces where teachers are compensated best, fyi).
Even though the vast majority of the teachers on strike are under contract? This whole time you've been specifically talking about supply teachers? But they don't get anywhere near the compensation that a salaried teacher does, and they don't get benefits...
&gt;The teachers make far more than what their actual productivity output suggests they should. They work less than most people, collect EI when they are off, and have a pension fund that is the best in the country. Teachers are already very well taken care of, and they never stop asking for more. They never agree to do any more. They don't behave like employees of any private sector - they need to be reigned in. This is part of your previous comment. It sure doesn't sound like you were only talking about occassional teachers since stuff like pension doesn't apply to them at all... Let's face it. You are wrong. Just admit you were mistaken or misinformed and don't really know what the value of education is. Thanks.
&gt;Let's face it. You've been fully indoctrinated by the education system and you have no critical thinking facilities whatsoever, your opinions and statements don't matter outside of Reddit where, because none of us pay people like you any attention. I think it's laughable that you claim I have no critical thinking skills, yet you can't even articulate in such a way that allows me and other users to follow your line of argument. And I agree that stupid people, on or offline, rarely listen to reason.
Why bother to post this?
Then they sue him and get hundreds of millions of dollars.
Not sure why you are downvoted. This is 100% accurate.
Which is also being challenged if I'm not mistaken.
Love this.
Fire exploded from the mountaintop and stone rained down from above. The cliffs burned with crawling liquid flame that slowly reached down towards the little village. The old man watched and laughed and danced about, his cackling a bitter tune on the wind. "The Gods are having it oooouuuut, toniiiiiiight!"
The reaction was because the act is invariably unconstitutional. Regardless, you haven't addressed why the government doesn't negotiate all the other non-compensation issues. They literally said to the unions, "we have no authority to discuss those issues". So, if it's all about the salary, why no bargaining on the other issues?
American Graffiti. Shawshank Redemption. Alien. Heat.
Very cool. My metas don't do combo anymore, so I'll put this to good use!
Right. Run [[exsanguinate]] style cards?
I thought this was going to be a post complaining about obese tournament players...
&gt;teachers in Ontario are 10 month employees, not 12 month employees And they are paid as such, 10 over 12 &gt;teachers also get paid vacation during those 10 months And most of them have to use some of that time to plan and mark, which most other professions don't have to do when on vacation &gt;teachers are part of the most lucrative and well-funded pension plan in the world And they pay 11% of their salary every year for that benefit &gt;teachers have some of the most generous parental leave packages in the world source? maternity leave is actually not very good compared to many private corporations that employs people with similar experience and education &gt;teachers have some of the most generous perks in the world Name them. But, sure, but they are also constantly vilified in person and online; their worth is always questioned by those people who are jealous of public service employees and unionized professions &gt;teachers are some of the best paid employees of any organization in Ontario (public or private) And Ontario and Alberta, where teachers are paid the most in Canada, have the best learning outcomes, resulting in PISA scores that make Canada a top ten country.
So much wrong with this comment lol .
The averages and caps are set by the government .
Most aq and abq courses are taken over the summer, since it would be very hard to do them during the school year. Not sure what you are having trouble believing.
That's not true at all. The unions have been ready to BARGAIN, but the government has just been saying no, flatly, to practically all the issues on the table. The normal response from the gov was, "we have no authority to discuss class sizes, violence in schools, etc etc". This is why there are strikes going on. It's no even that the unions don't like what the government is offering, because they aren't offering anything, really. OSSTF after actually said they'd forgo strikes if the government agreed to bargain in good faith. But they didn't. Your views are obviously biased.
He's pointing out that this government isn't fiscally responsible and there are MANY instances where they have thrown money away and now they are trying to make up for it by cutting education and healthcare, which are the two most important aspects of our fucking society. Yeesh, the mental gymnastics on your part are staggering.
They want no or little learning? Can you even make sense of your own thoughts? Smaller classes (not classrooms) is good for everyone. Why else do you think private schools cap their classes at low numbers? Mental health supports are a good thing, and I'm all for separating kids who are violent from the mainstream classes. Inclusion is a nice idea, but it's getting dangerous in some situations, so it shouldn't be a blanket measure. A raise would mean the teachers are making more money. Keeping up with cost of living isn't the same thing at all. 2% isn't a raise, it's meant to stop a pay cut, which is what anything below 2% amounts to (unless you do conservative math, which seems never to account for inflation). I'll try and link the info about the concessions they said they'd make when I get another moment to look for it. I'm any case, the unions showed up to bargain and the gov didn't. Period. The unions had issues they wanted addressed, the gov didn't even want to discuss them. That's all FACT.
Explain how you screwed up, please.
I don't understand number 2. The strike vote was open to all members. Some may not have voted, but who cares? We don't count uncast ballots in any democratic vote in this country (otherwise, we should be questioning Ford's legitimacy as the elected Premier). So, 97% of the voters (members of the union) voted to strike.
Nobody told them to do anything lol.
Omg those "courses" you mentioned are boring as shit and simple as fuck.
Those platforms are shit, though. Who the hell would think that they prepare a person for anything in life?
Material support, sure (not that a few timbits and a smile is that big a deal). But there are ways to show emotional and social support that cost nothing.
I am in the middle of changing \[\[Estrid\]\] into \[\[Tuvasa\]\], and I don't have a list, but I wanted to mention the power of \[\[Enchanted Evening\]\]. Turning all your lands, creatures etc into enchantments buffs Tuvasa massively and makes \[\[ancestral mask\]\] and \[\[ethereal armor\]\] doubly good. It also provides similar boosts to any cards that care about enchantments that often find their way into enchantress builds (like \[\[sphere of safety\]\]). I also like to throw in \[\[cleansing meditation\]\] and \[\[aura thief\]\] for those times when things line up perfectly for a big play.
Not all of them. It is a minority government bud so it's not like this was a move by the evil emperor who reign supreme. Again, you're mad about the suspension, not what has been done during it. Because nothing has really been done. I'm sure we will get a sense of this once the budget is reviewed and it'll be more polarizing articles to confirm some deep rooted biases.
What's the average time? How is that budget divided? Do you know these things? If not, you're just speculating. I actually disagree and think politicians of all stripes act disingenuously, but I don't think putting the cart before that horse is ever a good idea, even when the consequences are as dire as you imagine them to be.
It's a virus, not a bomb. Just in case you weren't aware.
Explain what has been done during the suspension that is so worrying? This is just another excuse to bash the liberal government. You think that if they were to fuck up the country during this suspension, they'd be reelected? Stop fear mongering and comparing a crisis like this to some kind of authoritarian threat. This is a minority government, and the decision was supported by other parties. Spending is the only thing people should be concerned about, and if you think there wouldn't need to be a shit ton of it amid this pandemic, you're an idiot.
I just don't think it's impossible. Government moves at snail speed and maybe the proposed spending is straightforward. You don't know but you are quick to cry foul. Be vigilant, but don't be outraged over nothing happening yet. Obviously, you don't have to agree and I don't really care if you do. Just my perspective.
Not at all comparable. What, specifically, are you worried about JT doing from now to Sept?
That was quite a while ago and the remark was hardly something to be going all Chicken Little over. To be clear, I'm not saying don't worry. I'm saying nothing has happened to prompt the kind of backlash the suspension has recieved from, surprise surprise, the right.
In an ordinary situation, I'd completely agree with you, but we're in the middle of a pandemic. You should at least understand the decision to suspend parliament, even if you don't condone it. Throughout history, many governments, including our own, have taken drastic measures during emergency situations. It always ruffles feathers, and you're reaction is not surprising. But the way all this is being spun by you and others is that the very act of suspending parliament for a matter of months is some kind of travesty. The implication (and I can barely call it that) is that the government is attempting to run away with power. I don't think that's the case and I don't think that's the goal. Like I've said already, the decision was ratified by other parties. So, I'm not dismissing your opinions, because they don't need to be dismissed. They are substance-less. I respect your right to question the decision, and I respect your right to worry. However, the premature nature of the dissent is telling and probably partisan.
He did ok during this crisis (so far), but he doesn't deserve any real praise. Following the advice if the experts us something we should expect from any leader, at bare minimum. I hope people see through his privitization goals, though. LTC situation should have taught us that for profit care means shit quality.
Random is correct, and owned you in this discussion.
Same with Cameron's Aliens extended cut. You can really tell the importance of editing when you watch the extended versions of T2 and A2.
You do know we were told by the government we couldn't go back to the classroom, right? Moron.
Doing the 32 deck challenge, I've pretty much been disenamoured with most of the 4 color options. As such, I've decided to play 5 color commanders but to just exclude one of the colours. I still have to make sure I have mana to cast the commander, of course.
What deduction, specifically? There were many. And yes there were strikes. Go figure when the WHO declared a pandemic, we didn't fight the government in the closures.
Have you seen our Premier?
I was going to say that "counselling" is a rather vague word being applied to these practices.
Uhggg really? What's so scary about the TB? You do a spider check and then your business. It seems like a way bigger deal to hang your own shit from a tree.
Thanks! It's out of control atm, but I guess so is everyone's .
Oh, dude. It's a great time to be a Child of Alara pilot. My worry is now my friends won't play with me if I bring this deck to the table. Shout-out to a couple all-stars in my deck: [[abjure]] and [[perilous research]].
I was forced to avoid infinite combos, since my groups don't allow them. I usually ended with [[mana geyser]] into [[comet storm]], but sometimes I'd win incrimentally by playing several "x damage to each opponent" spells over the course of the game. It wasn't hard to do that because I'd wipe the board so much the game went as late as I needed. I also like [[overmaster]] in the deck, to force through a sweeper or x spell.
Canada is basically 30% conservative minded. Maybe less, if everyone was forced to vote in elections.
He was asked to take a knee by some of the protestors.
In my province, you have been allowed to have beers with your friends for some time. First it was 5 friends, now it's 10.
My evidence is the same as yours. I was just pointing out that "popular vote" is misleading in FPTP since it only looks at which single party got the most votes. The majority of people voted left. Honestly, I wish there was another right wing party that wasn't dismissed as racist idiots. Vote splitting on the right would pretty much ensure no right wing party would ever get elected. That, or some form of proportional rep.
Public school teacher, here. I've never seen the kinds of general division you are referring to (I mean, I haven't noticed racialized trends of any kind). It's not uncommon for kids to be cruel, and I have seen and heard racist actions take place (however, the majority of what I have seen has been anti Muslim). A lot of the time, the kids saying the racist or insensitive comments seem to have trouble expressing their anger in a proper way; what I mean is, they are not really bigots but when they get angry at other kids they will say certain things because they know it will really hurt the other person's feelings or trigger them (which is the intent). But, at every school I've been to over the past decade, I've always seen kids of different skin colours mingling and getting along, for the most part.
Generally, actions are worse, yes. I dont think that really applies here. He dressed up as a different ethnicity. It was insensitive. Same way a joke like that is insensitive.
No, I've not really seen it. I've worked at over a dozen schools of varying demographics, but, yes, it could be a bad sampling. When I'm on duty, I usually see kids grouping up boys apart from girls, but skin colour has never seemed to be a trend.
So are the kind of jokes I'm talking about. People know they are offensive and tell them on purpose, don't they? Explain the difference?
Ok, bud lol
I think having footage to look at after a complaint has been lodged is a great idea. Store all of the recordings for a year .
Alien 3 is a masterpiece.
It's more like a drama with some humour interwoven.
Del Toro's character's choices at the end threw me and made me really not like his character.
HC was such a bad actor in all those films. And, yeah, the writing. All exposition. "But, from my perspective, the Jedi are evil!"
Thanks for this. I'm at 3 1/2 months and I'm working with [this](https://i.imgur.com/b3yUVKq.jpg). I've had to significantly trim back the stache and goatee to let the rest catch up. Giving us all hope!
My bad lol
I'm 35.... Fml
He may not be a smart man, but he does know what love is...
Spoken like a true capitalist. Enjoying the benefits of living here but unwilling to give back.
&gt;That has got to be the dumbest mother fucking thing I've ~~heard~~ read all month. Ftfy, dummy.
Yeah I can see why you needed to emphasize the sarcasm. Yeesh.
And then they'll cut healthcare lol
Seeing as how we pay the same federal taxes, adjusted for bracket, you get from me what I get from you. That's the point, genius. It's called society. It's not the fucking Thunderdome (no matter how badly some dolts would like it to be).
Name me one fucking government that doesn't waste money according to someone? You are talking about running a budget. Yes we are "borrowing" right now. What did you expect in the middle of all this? What did you expect to happen after? Lower taxes? Jesus Christ. Tell me which programs are ok to axe in the name of fiscal conservatism? Probably all the ones conservatives are opposed to on the basis of their ideology. I fully realize there are ways to make spending more efficient, but, as we've seen time and again, from governments of every stripe, it's not always clear which programs are expendable. Taxation is and always has been the fastest way to clear deficits and pay down debt.
Source some evidence for this, please. Universal healthcare is globally desired. Our public education system consistently ranks top 10 in the world (Ontario and Alberta being the leading provinces).
What? Is English your first language?
I think if you do a little research, you'll find the fiscal monitor data doesn't fully back up your claims that Harper put us in the black.
What do you mean by level of taxation? The brackets?
Highway 407 would like a word with you.
Lol ok Rockefeller.
Makes perfect sense to me to have variable rates. You make more money, you pay more taxes. You're still richer than the people in lower brackets. What the fuck is the problem besides viewing tax as a curse rather than civic duty?
Better education leads to less crime, though. Not saying you are wrong, but it's kind of like saying we should put all the money into treatment instead of prevention.
Teachers are pretty limited in terms of authority these days. Can't fail kids. Can't even give detention if the parents object, with or without a good reason. Have to be careful in what they say because kids and parents get so offended if what they teach opposes family ideologies. Teachers may enjoy job security because of their union membership, but that doesn't mean they have any real authority in schools.
Teachers are stereotyped the way you describe all the time.
If you can show any professor falsified marks for any reason, they will be let go for professional misconduct, or, at the very least, severely reprimanded. So, next time, hang on to your assignments. You said you were already graded, you knew the grades, yet you couldn't prove they have been changed? Bullshit. Hang on to your assignments. Lol and I'm supposed to believe you had the gpa you claim when you aren't intelligent enough to do that, or to demand more from your admin (who you claim acknowledged your situation but told you to "keep it to yourself"?) You're story has more holes than Swiss cheese. I won't even comment on the grade school anecdote again, it's so laughable and clearly a lie.
Even if your story was true, it would be foolish for anyone to think it wasn't an extreme outlier.
I know there was an episode of Xena Warrior Princess that did this.
I'm not saying teachers don't act like dicks sometimes, I'm just saying it's not anywhere near the same as a cop doing the same thing.
I don't think it's bad for a fan theory, but saying the Cohen bros intended this is a huge stretch. Leboef is extremely proud of being a Texas Ranger. He wouldn't just turn his back on that history, especially since he basically views Rooster as a marauder of the South. When Rooster asks him who he fought for, laboef says he fought for a northern regiment and doesnt have to hang his head when he says it. Pretty much all the dialogue in the film backs up Laboef's distaste for what Rooster was before the events of the film. Sure, Laboef is always acting like he's a great cowboy, and he certainly tries to act the part , but would he , in his old age, just forget about being a Ranger and about his principles? Not likely.
But he accuses him of murder "riding by the light of the moon"
Oh ok yeah I know he fought for the confederates I just meant he points out his regiment or whatever was northern and he looked down on Rooster's
You don't think the fines and legal reprecussions might deter some people from exposing unsafe and inhumane practices?
You assume more teachers will be hired. And even if they are, where will they teach? Oh yeah, schools just have an empty classroom standing by for each overcrowded one.
Yup. It's impossible. They are going to have to hire some kind of emergency teacher (some way to get around union membership) on a temp basis, and then figure out where all these new teachers are going to teach. Probably have to use public spaces like the ones they use for hospital overflows in dire times.
Enlighten us, then? What are the ways to which you allude? Post a lesson plan for a day of distance learning and then you can show us what you would have done? Oh you've got, let's say, an hour to prepare. Go!
So we pray for no resurgence of the virus, and when the quality of education degrades, as it naturally will when you don't have specialists teaching their subjects and also no spec Ed support in an inclusive model, they will blame the teachers, just like some on this very sub are blaming them for how shitty distance learning has been.
I can't back up a specific number, but I can say from firsthand experience that classes are too large at 25+, especially with all the IEP's.
If its business as usual, it won't.
Yeah I have no idea how this will work.
For myself, if I have to do both in class and online, I will be doing the same thing with each group. It's unfortunate because it means the depth of learning will be lowered for all, but I suppose it's better than nothing.
Yeah because they don't deserve to keep up with inflation. Idiot. You'd complain no matter what.
Blink spells also work to make him one sided (really only works in Boros or Izzet decks with Starke in the 99).
This'll be my 7th year! Always a good time.
