&gt; androgyne Aaahg, androgyne ligefrem? Det er måske lige lidt en overdrivelse...
De har jo heldigvis lov til at forlade landet hvornår end de gerne vil.
"no?" So... you're not sure it's a no then? Awesome, still in!
So before meeting, ask yourself this: how important is your kidney REALLY to you?
Definitely a super like.
It's perfectly fine for people to have physical preferences. We all do. It's hella natural. I think the main reason some people get pissy about this, is because a lot of women don't seem to recognize the double standard of asking for a persons height, but refusing to state their own weight. It's not really that they care, that's frustrating, it's that they get angry when other people also care.
Booo! BOOO! You posted something you thought would be funny? BOOOOOO!
&gt; I don’t really see the double standard. Why ask a question that you clearly have the answer to? &gt; There might be the perception of a double standard because women balk at the question of weight See? No reason to waste other peoples time. &gt; but it’s generally clear from her body shots whether she’s lean and healthy or packing extra. And yet, it's often not! And again, that's not really the point. The point is the double standard. Everyone has preferences, but it makes you a dick/bitch if only your own preferences are allowed. Super simple stuff dude.
I'd reply with "Jesus Christ Reddit dude, you're pasting that same reply all over the posts here".
"pick a subject"? Is that a thing you guys get in (what I assume is) America?
Touché...
... is that a thing you guys get, in America, in TINDER CONVERSATIONS. lol
Why do you keep bringing up universities? All we see in the screenshot is saying "pick a topic", as in pick a conversational topic, and I'm asking if thats normal for you guys: because I've never met a person who just straight up said "I don't know what to talk about, pic a topic".
He has a fair point though. I use Reddit a ton, and I play Battlefield a ton. But I practically never come to this subreddit, because ya'll are fucking cancer inducing.
&gt; It’s just a part of their effort to paint all criticisms in the same unreasonable light to avoid addressing it. Have you ever tried genuinely reading what it is you post online? You're probably a normal person off Reddit, but posting stuff like this just makes you seem like a nutter. What, you want them to put entire debate threads on their party banners or what?
OP, completely agree dude. What you read on this sub, comments on videos, and so forth - some of it is pretty far out.
Dying around corners. Dying from an enemy that's clearly behind a concrete wall on your screen. Getting instant deaths by pistols. The netcode definitely needs some looking into.
Oh, OK, well that clearly explains that.
What are you guys, 11 years old or something? Why is everyone here arguing like they're in freaking kindergarden!
&gt; Outside of sitting back and getting 1 kill headshots, there is literally no reason to use recon over assault. But I mean... that and providing intel is what the recon class is supposed to do, though.
Why should you be? That makes absolutely no sense whatsoever. If anything, if you are on the top of the scoreboard, you need to be on the losing team to help balance shit out.
It goes in cycles. Battlefield 4 relied heavily on everything in Battlefield 3. Battlefield V relies heavily on everything in Battlefield 1. In both cases, they reuse a lot of stuff, that is only tweaked to fit into the next game. That makes sense. These games are huge, especially when it comes to things like graphical assets, UI, netcode, vehicle movement, etc.. So I think you're completely right in saying, that they simply wouldn't have had the resources to make a modern Battlefield game in this timeframe - look at how much Battlefield V is like Battlefield 1, and the game is STILL super buggy and can feel lacking in content.
People attacked this general topic in a very stupid way, and it made the entire thing way less productive. Instead of yelling about "historical inaccuracy" and "OMG WAMEN!", they should have simply said that the game doesn't feel particularly immersive. And to that I would have to agree. It's not really about women or not, or historical accuracy, it's more that half the time I don't even really know what side of the war I'm fighting on - everyone pretty much looks the same, it doesn't feel like an actual war or even conflict, it feels very "gamey". I don't feel like I'm fighting Nazis, or that I'm a Nazi fighting the Allies. It's "just another shooting game", and I think deep down, that's much more of the core issue for most people.
&gt; You have no obligations to enjoy Battlefield Vagina What are you people, 12? &gt; [BFV] It's okay if you want DICE to crash and burn. Ya'll realise if that happens, there just won't be another Battlefield game for 5 or 10 years, right? &gt; Also, comments like, "if you don't like it, leave" make no sense. It makes perfect sense about things that won't change. Stop complaining about women in the game. They're there. They'll stay there. Nothing you can do about it. If it's such a big issue for you, you have exactly one option: stop playing.
Why would price make a game any more or less fun?
Agreed. Not sure why you should be downvoted for that comment, other than pissy 12 year olds being pissy.
It wouldn't surprise me if they did a Vietnam game, since they could still reuse a lot of assets. The only thing is, that I think after all this, people don't want another historic shooter, but a modern one. But we'll see I guess.
&gt; What I wrote "with reasonable arguments supporting them" does not address all the whiny/toxic post and comments. I agree with you, but those that have valid points should not be thrown into the same category as the ones that are circle jerking here, only to be disregarded. We're on the same page then - but the shitton of people happily agreeing and engaging with those absolute mindnumbingly stupid posts, the idiotic name calling, the whining, all of it, OF COURSE it overshadows the valid arguments. Everyone here is LETTING it, PUSHING IT to overshadow those arguments.
That's some top notch trolling man :( I was so hyped back then that "2143 is going to be the next Battlefield! MY FAVORITE ONE! WOO!" aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaand crickets.
LeTs PLaY DEVaStATION AgAIN!
&gt; EA not releasing any numbers, like Activision did for BO4 or Rockstar for RDR2, is very telling, but we'll know it all when the next earnings call rolls around. They practically never release any numbers. The only numbers we have from ANY Battlefield game, is internal (sometimes leaked) reports.
3 days ago I'm thinking whether I have the money or not. I end up deciding to buy it, yay something new!... 3 days later, half price. Not cool EA :(
Agree 100%. The reason I ended up playing so much in BF3, was because of custom servers. Specially the servers that only ran 1 or 2 maps, that I just really liked - Karkand only servers were a big favorite of mine. Right now, I spend too much time playing on maps that I genuinely don't enjoy playing on.
Yeah sure, but you'll only play that map once before it kicks off onto the next map rotation... you might get 2 minutes of playtime on that map. The server browser, without custom servers, isn't all that useful.
Yeah what happened to this?
Yeah, saw this yesterday. Not cool man :(
"Unpopular opinion" Goes on to post the most overly spammed opinion on the subreddit...
Ya'll realise that if it just keeps going really badly, they'll just sell off DICE or simply close them, right? It's like you're literally rooting for this to be the last Battlefield game ever made.
You can't at this point :) It's an image post, and you can't edit titles :)
&gt; Edit: I guess I need to explain more. Using a dominant market position to stifle competition can be a problem. That has nothing to do with "anti trust laws", the fuck? That's just plane old monopoly, which businesses are not allowed to have (in most countries).
Happy to see someone already commented that. When I read the reply here (that you're replying to), I had the same reaction: "But... that's what any normal business would do. Why would you support a competitor?!"
&gt; They know that users DO NOT want Facebook collecting data about their calls and text messages, yet they literally will "charge ahead and do it" anyway. Well, to be fair, any company can give a rats ass what their users want. The users can fuck off if they don't like it. I'm not a big Facebook fan these days, but some of these comments are moronic. The users of a service, do not get to decide how that service runs. What the fuck, people?
But why? Just... but why?
&gt; only for your work to be ripped to pieces by a guy with pink hair named Heather. I didn't actually think this was literal... you can't make this shit up!
OH YOU WANT TO SEE THE ENEMY HEALTHBAR? NO! BIG SKULL! BREAKING!! BREAKING!!
Looking at the history of Battlefield, it's absolutely insane this launched without custom/private servers.
&gt; Hvorfor vil du have pagten? Du virker vildt overdrevet glad for den - hvad gør den for dig? Hvordan virker han "overdrevet glad for den"? Han skrev jo vitterligt bare hvad den handler om, med mere uddybende info såvel som spørgsmål?
Jaaa?
&gt; Go back and play 5 hours of BF4 and then go play 5 hours of BF1, its the same mechanics more or less, but feels completely different and thats awesome imo. Sure, but if you want a fair comparison, compared Battlefield 4 and Battlefield 3 - and yes, they are as identical as BFV and BF1 are.
Yeah, but a super friendly one, so keep an eye on that tone, dawg!
But... recon? Reconnaissance? That's what the class is?
In this specific case? Reddit. Definitely Reddit. Have you read the article? It's hot dog shit, man. You can't make this shit up, I swear. It's literally written by a pink haired dude named Heather, who complains that it's "humanizing nazis".
Right? I'm constantly shown that I earned a ton of coin after a match, but often times nothing actually changes with the amount I have...
Honestly? Zero hype. Doesn't look like anything I haven't played a million times already, nothing particularly unique about it (from this trailer - no hype, so I haven't looked into it further).
Hvorfor laver du ikke en enkeltmandsvirksomhed? Tager ikke lang tid - vitterligt noget du selv kan gøre på under en time. Ang. et bindene svar fra SKAT: det er stort set umuligt at få.
Hold dig til en enkelmandsvirksomhed - APS gør kun altid mere komplekst, og koster mere. Af hvad du har fortalt, er der ingen grund til det.
I've been to Japan a bunch. Worked there 3 months as an internship when studying, had my working holiday visa there, have been back there a ton over the 11 years since my first visit. Over the course of 11 years, I've probably spent around 2 of them in Japan. When I was younger, my dream was to work there. Learn good enough Japanese, get a job. These days? Not a fucking chance. Since coming to the country the first time, I've learned far more about the work culture, what to expect, and just general attitudes. I still like Japan quite a lot, but unless I'm working for myself (which, since I have my own company these days, is a possibility I guess) no chance I'll settle there for any number of years.
This is one of the biggest things for me, that stops me from seeing a future living in Japan. Raising a family, and god forbid with a small girl, in Japan? No thank you, no way I'm putting my kid through that bullshit. It's exactly as you say. Japan is like the west in the 50's and 60's.
&gt; Competitive randori Yo that segway into the throw at 1:10 is pretty solid!
&gt; Now if you want to say Shioda had some delusional beliefs, that's probably true. I'm a big fan of the guy, but man, some of the stuff he wrote was pretty far out. He seems like a guy that maybe wasn't too bright, or at least easily convinced of "amazing feats", so to speak. I mean come on, the dude has a written recollection of O Sensei dodging bullets -_-
Joe Thambu is solid :) Generally a big fan of his stuff.
&gt; You want realistic Aikido then it's called Judo and Judo is hard. I think the general notion is that Judo is much easier to learn than Aikido. In fact, the fact that Judo is easier to learn is often brought up as a positive point! On the other end, Aikido is often criticized for being too complex to use. So I think your analogy with saying "Judo is hard (compared to Aikido)" is a bit wrong - the fact that it's easier, is one of the key points!
O Sensei said he "saw balls of light" and was guided by the divine to avoid the bullets. I'm afraid nothing as rational as your reply went down.
&gt; powering/conducting a psychic lighthouse powered by the suffering of psychics Isn't he kept alive by the daily sacrifice of 10000 psychics?
Plenty of games do, but creating this stuff isn't easy. A) you need to have a very solid game engine (say, something like Unreal Engine could do it, but I doubt something like the Elite: Dangerous engine could) that handles physics and particle effects well. B) you need people who are actually good at creating this stuff, because it's not easy to do. C) you need to actually make it so it doesn't just grind everything to a halt. You'll notice that the flames, when close, are actually just 2D planes for instance.
&gt; But to your point, it is bullshit when mad assholes lash out at the U.S unfairly. The West = // = The United States of America.
&gt; This doesn't look hard per se. The majorly interesting thiing is that the fire appears to be launched with the angular momentum of the spinning. Outside of that I don't see it being out of the ballpark. You realise you need to actually first make the fire, right? How it interacts, how it looks, how it flows, color it gives off, the lighting, and so on. Sure, it's not like this would take 2 months or anything like that - but it's not "why don't everyone just do this?" level of easy. Second, the Elite: Dangerous - I get what you're saying, but no. What's it called, Galaxy Forge or something like that, right? It's impressive to have an Engine that can handle creating all that procedurally, and make it look as cool as it does - but the vast majority of Elite has super low textures (easy to spot if you actually get genuinely close to anything - not watching it 15 meters away from your cockpit). Second, the engine is definitely not amazing at handling particle effects. Third, the engine isn't well equipped to handle physics of this nature at all. Can the Elite: Dangerous engine do some cool shit? Yes, I'm a big fan of the game myself. Is the engine anywhere NEAR the graphical fidelity and ability of engines like Unreal, Frostbite, Crytek, and so forth? Not by a longshot.
I mean it's a cute story, but this smells of /r/thathappened
&gt; So no, U.S. does not literally comprise the entirety of "The West", but it is most heavily responsible for Western Values, Culture, and Regulations/Policies. And here I thought my own country, Denmark, which has existed for 700 years longer than the US, formed our own culture! How silly of me.
I think you mean they're called Piss Yellow™, no? Seriously, the gold in the game looks... weird. And out of place.
Considering the relationship between Japan and China, I doubt DICE will go this route.
*Sees half-decent player, hidden in a great spot, mowing down clueless enemies.* AIMBOTS.
Sure, I can agree with that. I also think it was done in a shitty way. But most people are just complaining that it lowers the skill and they don't like it.
It's become far more noticable. Tons of weapons that kill you in what feels like roughly 500ms or 1 second. Happens several times every match.
Sure, 1sec was probably overdoing it :)
Actually no. I'm saying just that's a normal statistic on YouTube. Most videos, from any big creator, in any field, is going to have roughly that Like/Dislike ratio. Big surprise: they have subscribers, subscribers view their content, they're subscribed because they like it, so they Like the videos. In fact, just in general, your video has to be really shitty (or quite controversial) to go under 80% Like/Dislike - it's perfectly normal, and has nothing to do with "creating content to appease the masses".
NeW PLaYErS LeaVe BeCauSE of TTK
This is fantastic :D
Naw, it was the same when the game came out. Everyone was super shit at blocking light attacks, Orochi was considered hella strong at first. Same with Valkyrie.
It's actually considered a serious problem, or at least that it could turn into one. We're already looking at solutions at cleaning it up though, so at least we realise it...
&gt; And you even missed sound and netcode. I wasn't trying to make a complete list of bugs or issues.
Considering that human reaction time is 250ms, no, 150ms is not noticable for the vast majority of people - not in any serious way.
&gt; Those random deaths are quite frustrating, I mean, why does the game palces me the entire time in the line of sight of an enemy player even if I spawn on "save" flags based on what I can see in the deploy screen? Hah, that's nothing. Earlier today, on Hamada, the game spawned me twice OUTSIDE the allowed area. I had to sprint straight from the getgo to not die from "deserting".
&gt; This game does not feel like it was ready to be released. Not just bugs, but general gameplay. Lots of weird design descisions. Definitely feels like they had to rework a bunch of stuff, after it turned out that people didn't like SJWWII. Just feels like a game that released 6 months early.
Being an adult on the internet can be a frustrating experience :( I like browsing Imgur on the toilet or during transit when I'm bored - you really need to pinch yourself and go "don't worry, they're kids, it's OK, no no it's fine, they'll grow out of it, they don't know better yet" while rocking back and forth.
&lt;3
&gt; There's nothing inherently wrong with having an only white people, or an only black people, or an only anything event organized by a private business or individuals. They didn't bar black people from buying a ticket or participating, which again, would be perfectly fine. You change it away from "men" and "women", and suddenly it doesn't look nearly as OK to me. Strange.
Reading the comments here are interesting. I would hope that you all remember your responses here, saying that it's perfectly fine to create one-gender events, and that "it's a private business they can do what they want", when discussing things here in the future. A lot of hypocrisy going on in the comments... If there was an event, where it was labeled as a "male only event", with all female staff (even from the bands that go there) are allowed only to be in a specific little area off backstage, people here would freak the fuck out en masse. As they should, because that would be insane. Sad to see it doesn't really go both ways.
It's funny that this comment got downvoted, since it's just saying the same thing, but with white men instead of women...
Migrants my man. I'm from Denmark, so I can only mention the statistics here, but my impression is that it's worse in Sweden right now: roughly 70% of all violent crime in Copenhagen is perpatrated by a first or second generation immigrant - almost exclusively from the middle east or africa. Keep in mind, that these migrants only make up roughly 10% of the Danish total population. That's a huge number, and serious issue. Many (most? all?) of the Northern and Western European countries have had massive issues integrating migrants properly into the culture over the last 20-30 or so years.
Maybe stretch it to 10 minutes, if I'm being generous? Almost all fight scenes were a 1-punch-OK-Now-We-Talk-For-5-Minutes type scenes. If you remove all the actual talking, and edited together the actual fighting (which I would assume is what people watch a BAKI anime for), it becomes tiny. Probably around 5 minutes, maaaybe 10. There is almost no actual fighting going on. And sure. Let's take for instance how dangerous weapons are. Sometimes they're super dangerous, other times not. Sometimes they kill, sometimes they don't. Sometimes they are sharp, sometimes dull. There is zero consistency. Or how about the Karate dude who had his hand chopped off? First he's all grand about it, saying it'll actually make his character better. Few episodes later, he refers to it as "the person who took everything important in Karate from me" referring to the same fucking hand, that he had previously said was stronger now. Or how about when they break the guys neck, towards the end of the episodes? They literally, LITERALLY, say that "no surgery can fix that" when 'killing' him, and boom, 30 minutes later they say "I'm so grateful for modern medicine" and boom, surgery has fixed it. Or how about when the police dude who had his face cut up, tries to get revenge? And then when he gets his ass beat, say "I knew we would never stand a chance" and begs for his life - THEN WHY THE FUCK DID YOU GO AFTER THE DUDE WITH PEOPLE YOU KNEW WOULDN'T BEAT HIM. Just a few randomly off the top of my head. Some of the shittiest writing in anime in a long time.
&gt; U didnt read the manga? You may have not noticed: this is an anime. No I did not. No, it should have zero influence. That's the classic "BUT IN THE BOOKS IT EXPLAINS ALL THIS!".
&gt; Quit trolling. "I disagree with your opinion on this thing I like, so fuck off troll". Really dude, that's the level we're at now?
&gt; So make a thread for it to prove yourself? On a Baki subreddit? Come onnnnn. No, I make a thread to state my opinion. On the fucking subreddit dedicated to what that opinion is about. Christ dude, what is wrong with you...
&gt; I am not sure how many fights you have been in but once you have a little experience or training you find you have preferred techniques to finish fights quickly. Massive lol. EDIT: Sigh, OK, I'll clarify. I've done Shotokan Karate, Judo, Aikido, Japanese Jiu Jitsu, Japanese-based Self Defense and I'm strongly involved in the current community of bringing Aikido into a more modern setting these days. I've done Martial Arts since before I was 10 years old - I'm 34 now. I'm certainly not a prize fighter or anything remotely like that, but if you think there is anything REMOTELY real about how fights go on in BAKI, you are absolutely batshit insane.
I used to date a girl like you. Good times :(
I'm guessing Korea is now what Japan was 2 decades ago (yes, I'm getting up there...). Back then, if you looked up Japan online, it was basically a wonderland. You had to dig DEEP to find ANY discussion, news article, video etc. back then that would criticize the country. I used to vlog from Tokyo when I was younger and living there - the insane hate you would get, for saying "it's not exactly paradise" was bonkers. It's not as bad these days (though you can still find it), just a lot more info out there. I guess the new Asian Wonderland of Perfectness and Willing Babes and Super Cool Tech is Korea now?
Wait, why did my reply to this get deleted? I posted statistics from the Danish Statistical Beauru on immigrant crime, so people could better get an understanding of the situation - and... it's suddenly gone? I even got a reply to it, that's gone as well. I can still find my reply in my own history, but not publically anymore. Did the mods seriously delete my post, because I posted FUCKING STATISTICS?
&gt; At least I can throw the dildo in a drawer. Leave it lying around in the middle of your living room. Have friends or family over. Establish dominance.
&gt; Ah good, then you know REAL fights usually last 30 seconds to a minute or 2 TOPS. Usually ended in the first 1 or 2 blows. No? And what exactly are "real" fights, Mr. BroSensei? And why in the world are you bringing "realism" into fucking BAKI? &gt; But MOST of the feats are possible if taken individually, it's the collective result of everything these people are doing that is insane. What. The fuck. Are you smoking. "MOST of the feats are possible"? Dude are you high?
&gt; Now I'm 11 episodes in and nothing has really happened. Nothing will happen in the last 2 either.
HAH NO SHIT! Man I was about to make a thread almost exactly about this! Earlier today I posted a little review of it, since I thought it was a massive letdown. The comments that followed, however, were something different entirely: a massive stream of "fight scenes in BAKI are realistic" - "you can do those moves" - "REAL fights end in only 1 or 2 punches!" - "most experienced fighters only use one or two moves that they like". It's been a hell of a rollercoaster ride. Seriously, you made this as a joke, but there is genuinely people out there arguing that BAKI fight scenes are realistic.
Massive letdown imo :( boring fights, story that doesn't even stay consistent to itself, shoddy dialogue, meh animation (during fights where it looks like TEKKEN). Was really bummed out - I just wanted to see cool ass fight scenes for 13 episodes.
He later added that "It's actually over 100 street fights" :P
&gt; This however wasn't the worst part. My sifu before I left touched my body in several places and said he performed a dim sum on me. He told me my chakras are disrupted and as soon as I get another sifu besides him it would cause me to die instantly or when I quit the school. See, usually that would be the clear sarcasm indicator, but also saying you have a mental illness makes me not want to say anything nasty to you...
&gt; Don’t miss understand my tone, it’s super awesome. Sorry, didn't mean to sound aggressive (rereading my comment, I can see how you can read it like that) - was more just pointing it out, didn't think you "had a tone" so to speak :)
&gt; It's hard to convey what you mean only through text sometimes. The internet can be a bitch at times :( Without facial expressions, knowing the gender of the person, the rough age of the person, how they dress and look - it can be super hard to read the correct tone of text online. It has probably happened 100s of times, where I've gotten annoyed or angry at "some idiot", who's really just some 14 year old - but I don't know that.
The only thing I'll say here, is that what he says in the video, and what he wrote in his book, is very different. In the book, he continually says stuff like "it's weird being in a village where everyone over 15 years old can kick my ass" or "the guy could cripple me with his kicks". In the video, he literally says they can't fight, because they never train to. I'm fine with either of those, I don't really have anything invested in Kung Fu / Wushu - but it's weird writing one thing, then saying the extreme other. One of the two obviously has to be bullshit, and it just sort of hurts his credibility.
Damn those are some fast punches! Barely even see the last one connect!
&gt; I'm sure it picks up once they realized people are watching for sure. The next season, to my knowledge, has already been made and released in Japan.
&gt; I'll go make my fucking popcorn now. And watch how you'll do mental gymnastics... to come and tell me there is secret stuff, amazing teachers hidden on the mountains, fucking iron palm training, and how monks would fuck mma fighters up again. I won't, because I don't think the monks could fuck up anyone in MMA. But read his book. Someone posted an online version of it further down for free. The guy is a MASSIVE dick, with a HUGE superiority complex. I wouldn't believe a word that comes out of his mouth, after reading it - and even if I believed something, I certainly wouldn't value his insight on it. Seriously, read it, the guy is an asshole all around. I'm not even done with it, and already I would endless quotes that would end up on /r/IAmVeryBadass or /r/IAmVerySmart - christ the dude is a massive douche of epic proportions.
IDLJ at rigtig mange på /r/Denmark er nogen meget sørgelige mennesker, som på ingen måde kan forstå ordet "sympati".
https://www.reddit.com/r/Grapplerbaki/comments/a7mimz/the_new_baki_anime_is_one_of_the_worst_shows_ive/ec4tzri/
This was surprisingly accurate.
&gt; In Danish do they have separate words for “man” and “male” Nope, same word. Man: Mand. Woman is Kvinde. Same for Male and Female, same words. &gt; it’s a start to an argument but you’re forgetting that “gender” is a social construct, which is way deeper than just linguistics. It's *your* social construct. As I said, Gender only exists as your Biological Gender / Sex in Denmark / Danish. &gt; Surely there are people in those cultures who experience gender dysphoria Do we have trans people? Sure we do. But then you are transitioning between one biological gender, over to (as close as we can get) the other gender. Before that? You're whatever your biological sex is, end of. You're a man who wants to be a woman. Or you're a woman who wants to be a man. Or whatever. I don't know how else to explain this: there is only biological gender, and personality. Your version of "gender is a social construct" - sure, we just don't see what "gender" has to do with it, in that case. You're talking about personality, culture. Nothing to do with biological gender/sex, which again, is all we have.
Nope, 1 word for each. Mand and Kvinde. Again, the American / English concept of "cultural gender/sex", so to speak, is not a thing here. There is your biological gender/sex, and that's it. Even "Gender" and "sex" only have one word, not two. They're the same thing. Køn. What Americans consider "gender", is what we consider "personality", or, if it's more of a group thing outside, "culture". EDIT: I am seriously puzzled why this (and my other reply) was downvoted. The guy asked a linguistic question, and I answered it, and I'm getting downvoted because you don't like... what, how the Danish language works?
&gt; Just because there isn't a word for it doesnt mean it doesn't exist. We create new words for new concepts or change old words You don't see it, that's fine, it can be difficult to understand that something that is heavily engrained as a "truth" in your own culture is not in another culture. The reason there's even a debate about "how many genders" in America, is because you have an actual concept of "not biological gender". I'm saying this concept does not exist for us. There is your biological gender/sex, and then there's your personality. I doubt anyone would really bother having these discussions, if people didn't use the word "gender". If they just said "I'm a feminine guy" or "I'm a masculine woman" or whatever, I think everyone would be cool with that. The friction happens when someone who is obviously a woman, wants you to call them a man, or when people insist that "genders don't exist" or "there are over 100 genders". Again, all this is purely a cultural thing that is only possible because you bother having different words for them. In Denmark, there is biological gender, and that's that really - to the point where, as I explained, we don't even have a word for a non-biological gender. Why? Because that would be your personality.
See that's the thing you don't get. Sex and Gender is the same damn thing for us. We have exactly ONE word for it: køn. There is no difference. Only your biological sex/gender exists, everything else is your personality. &gt; This isn't an English concept, it's science. Ooooki doki.
Yes, the other thing is PERSONALITY. Man, it's like you're putting shudders on your eyes and not reading what I'm writing to ya here...
I recently broke up with a girl, who's entire personality was basically this. She would get incredibly sad or angry at me not doing things, she never said she wanted me to do... it was genuinely a "but... I can't read your mind" type situation. Happened all the time.
"slightly" outdated - yeah, sure, it's only literally 27 years old, in what is a debate that has only been happening the last 5, maaybe 10, or so years. &gt; Took 2 minutes to find this It shows, because I just bothered reading it, and I really shouldn't have. Clearly you didn't. Everything mentioned either falls within "personality" or "culture". If you feel I missed something, by all means quote that bit to me - but obviously you would need to read it first.
This is super important to mention. Now, Japan certainly isn't a dangerous country by any stretch of the imagination, but it's not nearly as "crime free" as statistics make it seem. I've seen several cases (first hand, literally there) where the police specifically tell people "don't make it a report, just go to the ATM and demand some money, it is much easier". Things don't show up in the statistics, because the police encourage people handle business between the two of them. Then of course there's also things like how rape is super low statistically, but Tokyo Rape Crisis Center estimates only 1 in 10 report it, and marital rape was perfectly legal until around 2009 (and thus, naturally, not in any reports). There's a lot of reasons Japan has low crime statistics, and not all of them is because there is low crime.
She would say "you decide", and then I would decide, and then the next day she might complain. I mean, that's one of the reasons I broke up with her.
I'm saying that even if people try to report something, the police actively encourages you not to.
&gt; "Nu skal vi frankere, og du skal slikke". Oooooog der kom kasteop refleksen lige frem... fy for pokker. &gt; at voksne mænd godt kan blive frygteligt såret, af klap i numsen og hænder på låret. Altså, der må jeg nok sige at hvis nogen føler sig "frygteligt såret" af at nogen har lagt en hånd på deres lår, så burde de nok få noget hjælp. Hvis der ikke skal mere til, kommer de jo aldrig igennem livet.
&gt; men er du overrasket? Men... men det sagde jeg jo allerede :( &gt; Det er sørgeligt, men overrasker ikke rigtig.
So is it possible to end up on the completely dark side of a planet, with a star shining right at you?
To be fair, your military could shrink to 1/10th of its current size, and would still be the biggest military in the world. I think you're good.
My ex was Japanese, and we talked about WWII a few months back before I broke up. She had no clue when WWII happened - didn't know when WWI was either. I could have said 35 years ago, and she would have believed me. The only thing she "knew", was that the US were definitely the aggressors in invading Japan - and Pearl Harbor was only because they knew the US was going to do this. China? Nothing. Korea? Also nothing. Only an utterly warped idea of the war with the US. That was her total knowledge of WWI and WWII. She's 26, and college educated.
/r/Unexpected
Sure, but I'm pretty sure we're talking about the Western world here. And even then - look at Koreas extreme interest/fascination with their various 'idols'. Groups of people, who are trained for years, undergo plastic surgery (even being contractually obliged to), spend hours daily on makeup and working out/dieting, aren't allowed to date, given specific personalities to act out (again, even being contractually obliged to say/do certain things in public), don't write their own music, often heavily modified singing voices, and then dance sexually in skimpy outfits on a stage in their early twenties with wild colors around them with the finished track playing the music in the background. And people fucking love it. China is definitely more of a 1984 scenario, but plenty of Asia is completely caught in the mass media trap - often far more extreme than in the west.
&gt; face recognition technology if it's a person then fine them. Sure, I don't see this going wrong or being heavily abused at all! No flaws with this plan!
Mate, I think you missed some key points of the movie. First, they can't "bend" space and time - they do however see/live in all time at the same time. The interesting twist is, that it's also set in a deterministic universe, so even though you know the future, you also know that all your current actions, and future actions, will always be those specific actions. Without the audience knowing, the entire film is actually filmed in several different times, showcasing this from the very beginning. It's not (really) about communicating, but about teaching her the language. This is because the film also draws conclusions from linguistic relativity/Whorfianism (the idea that thought is based on the language/words you know). Why is it important? Because their grammar essentially teaches people to think in non-linear time. It's convoluted and very circular - you can love it or hate it, but the problem definitely wasn't "solved" by humans. If anything, it's continuously shown in the film that humans are fucking morons.
Didn't WW3 happen because we genetically engineered superhumans who were straight up better than us at everything, and who then wanted to rule over us?
Eh... there's that video of a Chinese kid wrecking an art installation made of glass, while his mother just stands there and takes photos of it. A lot of Chinese people just don't seem to understand they don't have the right to wreck other peoples shit.
But don't most Americans finish college in their early twenties?
&gt; but I don't think many men choose not to pursue a woman because she's smart. I don't think I know a single person, who would choose not to date a woman because she was too smart. I know plenty that would not date a woman because she was too dumb - never met the opposite.
Rules 1 and 2 apply to most things in life, tbh.
34, M. Usually set it to 20-30. Go on, poor on the hate. It is the nectar of which I bathe in.
Rules 1 and 2 still apply.
&gt; And why should it matter if someone hasn’t traveled? If you've traveled a lot, dating someone who never travels is like having a PHD and dating someone who barely got through high school. You will most likely have incredibly different views on the world, one of you will be ignorant to world culture compared to the other, one will be far more open and knowledgeable about people than the other, one will have a far wider variation of stuff they like than the other. Someone who loves to travel, will probably want to travel outside of their own country 1 or 2 times a year. Yes, it matters when the other person goes "but I just wanna stay inside...". Of course it matters! It's just like someone being a fitness fanatic, and the other being a couch potato. Of course it will matter, it's very different lifestyles.
Eh, dude, relax. I'm 34, and I still have my match settings set for 20-30 :-/
If you ACTUALLY wanna hear a story about feeling creepy: I work as an independent marketing consultant (specifically in regards to Youtube channels and their growth). About a month back, I was doing a little workshop at a clients agency, where they handle a few dozen channels. Age of the YouTubers range from 11 to 25, and they're all vloggers (lifestyle, challenges, fashion, makeup, etc.). I finish talking to this kid who's 12, I think, super brainy and quick on getting things. Next up is a girl who is running a fashion/lifestyle channel, comes in, sits down. Very beautiful, nice makeup, real fashionable - turns out she's *14*. I swear, man, makeup and fashion these days throws me for a wild ride - I can't guestimate ages correctly AT ALL anymore, I thought she was in her late teens or early twenties! Luckily, since it was a professional setting, I hadn't said a word or done anything at all (other than ask details about the channel) when I found out. Christ man. That's over a month ago and I still feel super weird about it.
You largely hit the nail on its head. I have lived in Tokyo (still often go back), and what you described about social interaction is 100% what is happening. A) Foreigners get a +2. That means if you were a 6 before, now you're an 8. If you were a 4, now you're a 6. This goes both ways, I should add (foreigners also thinking the native population is more attractive than they themselves do), but adds a lot to it. B) Because of poor communication/language skills, a lot of socially awkward interaction never appears socially awkward. Because the two parties have a difficult time understanding each other. C) Culture hides awkwardness as well. Both sides of the story will go "Oh, I guess that's normal in their culture" when witnessing something weird (even if it's not by a longshot normal). D) You're exotic, and they are exotic to you. You're something new and different (and so are they to you). It tends to be a very attractive feeling (both ways). E) Specifically in regards to Japan, internationally it has a very "nerdy" image, and as such, attracts those people. Many choose to stay, because of above mentioned feel-good factors. F) Gender equality is shit in Asia, compared to the West. Many of these women have very tough lives. The result? Many (most, in the case of Thailand) foreigners will present them with a factually better life, if they go with them than stay. Essentially, the women are desperate, and you're not an asshole. G) Last, but not least: Asian women tend to be very submissive (compared to Western women). For the socially awkward dude, that's far less intimidating of an interaction to have, and is much easier for them to deal with. If you live in any Asian country for a while, you'll start seeing these things constantly. I should add, that the same thing seems to happen when Asians come to Western countries (just flipped). I realise this is much the same as you said, I just wanted to add some extra detail to it :)
&gt; For some reason it seems to attract more than its fair-share of pervs and other shitty human beings. Why is this surprising? Thailand is renown (infamous?) for its sex industry, and super cheap. That's like a one-two punch for inviting pervs and shitty people.
&gt; The exact opposite, from my understanding, how you get along in Japan. But that's the thing - you're a foreigner, so you get away with it. "That's what foreigners are like!" would be the thought in their heads. But as you start to understand the culture much more, you also start to understand when they are being polite vs being nice - and most of the time, they're just being polite. Not because they like you, but because "that's the way things are done". You start to understand what times you've been incredibly rude or embarrassing, but they let you off the hook because you're a foreigner. Hell, back in my younger days, I basically learned that a guy I thought was a good friend, viewed me solely as a customer/client type relationship - he was just being polite. And yes - the work ethic is horrible. Genuinely fucking horrible. No way José. Nuh uh. I would basically have to meet the woman of my dreams to ever be convinced to work in a company in Japan. Nuh uh, not happening. The pay is shit, the hours are long, social drinking is compulsory, and there's a solid glass ceiling on company positions because you're a foreigner. In the end though, the biggest reasons I keep hearing people leave (and one of the reasons I decided never to permanently settle there myself), is that you will NEVER be considered part of the group. You will, eternally, be considered an outsider. And it doesn't just stop there - your children will eternally be considered outsiders, even if all they speak is Japanese, and have never lived outside the country. You start to realise how much they (with no ill intent, I should add!) objectify you. I swear to fucking whatever diety is out there, if ONE more Japanese person enthusiastically tells me "WOW! You can use chopsticks!!!" I will kill someone. Or the huge amount of people who want to talk to you, because they (quite literally) want a free English lesson. Christ that ends up getting annoying. Sometimes daily, sometimes several times a day, people will approach you to talk - in English. Even if your Japanese is FAR better than their English, the conversation will continue in English. They'll even straight up tell you "Please speak in English, I want to practice". Fuck dude, I'm just out trying to have some beer and a good time. I've met women that go on dates with me, because there's this idea that "foreigners are very open, so it's much cheaper than a psychologist", and they use you as a stand-in to vent their feelings and shit to - because they can't for others. Or just the casual racism of not being allowed in a bar or restaurant, because you're not Japanese... or the 14 times the police stopped me on the street for a "random body search". OK, so it sounds like I'm just venting and raging on Japan a bit. I probably am. I do enjoy a huge number of things about the country, and there is a reason I keep popping back there. The country is crazy and wild and fun in a lot of ways. But there's also some serious issues they have, culturally, socially, that tends to result in a "Hard No" from a lot of foreigners once they become aware of them.
&gt; make it absolutely clear that only very, very loosely will what you do in the dojo resemble anything under pressure. You are absolutely correct - and even plenty of the old "original" Aikidoka are on record stating this. The kata you train is not meant to teach you how to actually move in a fight, it's meant to teach you the principles behind the system. How the joints work, how momentum works, distance, footwork, ukemi, and so forth. It's insane people take the movements literally when there are straight no-BS quotes from the founder of the system saying as much. Though I want to add: Karate isn't useless in MMA, but Karate in MMA would also not really look like the Karate you train - yet no one bats an eye there. Just in general, how a martial art looks in MMA, is practically never how it looks while trained. MMA is, by definition, is mixture of several different martial arts. I think this is (or should be) obvious. I'll quote a guy from the Aikido subreddit, who made a good post a few days ago that explains better than I could: /u/Lebo77 &gt; Where Aikido has it's best use it what I call the "Drunk Uncle" problem. Say your uncle is drunk and starts behaving like a jerk at a family gathering. He starts yelling and finally slaps your mother. She is fine but you decide he needs to leave the party right now. What are you going to do? You could start throwing punches and kicks and attempt to knock him out. Of course he is in his late 50s so there is a non-zero chance you will kill him, and even if you don't this will be seen as a gross over-reaction and you could wind up in jail. You could try to grapple him and apply an arm-bar (which he may resist and force you to break his arm) or a choke (which, again on an old man in poor health may not be a good idea), but again: gross over-reaction. Aikido trains a number of standing arm and wrist controls that can with a LOT of practice control him without serious injury. I think that's a better option. Aikido offers a lot of solutions in the space in-between "forceful argument with your sister" and "drunk idiot throws a punch in a bar". It's not very useful at all against trained fighters as they are ready for many of the basic tactics, but against the 90% of the population who know nothing it can work well. https://www.reddit.com/r/aikido/comments/a8vx57/is_aikido_effective/ With that said, and it's already implied in the above quote - this obviously depends on how you train. If you're an 'AikiBunny', where training barely even touches the other person (for reference, this is the kind of Aikido that Rokas did)? No, nothing will work. If you train something like Yoshinkan, or even better Tomiki, much higher chance you can get it to work. There's a ton of variations on Aikido out there these days, and they most certainly do not produce the same end results. There's generally a lot of good, very level headed discussion in that thread, if anyone is curious.
&gt; Video specifically states that even the four people who they managed to find who used something resembling aikido in MMA were only able to fight effectively by discarding most of it then combining it with other martial arts. I mean... yes, that's what MIXED martial arts is... There is not a single "full" martial art on the planet, which would singlehandedly prepare you to fight in an MMA match. That's the entire point. I don't really get what you're trying to say here. Yes, obviously, in MIXED martial arts, Aikido (or ANY other art) would be MIXED with other martial arts. Yes? Obviously?
I know, right? :D and it's so obviously fake as well, talking about all his scars and lack of teeth and shit :D
A few reasons: * In the last 1-2 decades, martial arts have started to largely be compared by "how well will it fit in MMA" - and Aikido is generally not good against trained attackers. * Followup from before: a lot of people don't realize what Aikido is supposed to train for, and as such, looks at it and goes "No good in MMA? No good at all!" * A lot of Aikidoka are delusional and don't realise what they're training either. You don't see it much anymore, but "back in the day", you would find endless comments from Aikidoka who said "we don't participate in MMA, because our techniques are too deadly". * Incredibly bad online representation. * Incredibly bad quality control. The time required for Shodan can triple (or be cut down to 1/3rd) depending on the organization you train under. * Styles vary greatly, from much smaller-circled and "hard kata-like" styles like Yoshinkan, to competitive styles like Tomiki, to almost-no-touch styles like Ki-Aikido. Some styles train for (ultimately) martial effectiveness, while others train as essentially dance-meditation. * Changes to the system over time, bad original instruction being unclear, and a lack of willingness to update it to more modern realities, has watered down the system practically globally. * Aikido demonstrations are pretty crazy to look at. That's WHY Aikido gets flack. I recently had a fantastic little discussion about Aikido on this subreddit here: https://www.reddit.com/r/martialarts/comments/a94dyq/aikidokas_in_mma/ecgc3wd/ There's also a fantastic chat on it here: https://www.reddit.com/r/aikido/comments/a8vx57/is_aikido_effective/ececa3p/ Why does it get so much flak compared to other arts? Honestly, at this point, it's a bit like lemmings... everyone hates on Aikido, because everyone else hates on Aikido. There are plenty of valid things to criticize, but by now it's mostly turned into a circlejerk. I'm guessing that it just primarily became Aikido, because Aikido is more widespread than Systema. &gt; For example Japanese Jiu Jitsu in my experience is very much like Aikido but pretends to be deadlier by adding strikes which are "I hit you there so you let go and move here etc". Random note: Japanese Jiu Jitsu isn't a style, but name encompassing many different styles (like "Kung Fu"). The style I trained when younger, briefly, was basically Shotokan Karate + Judo. It's been surprising for me to learn that it's considered bad in many other countries. But as I said, with Aikido, a lot of it is just the internet being circle-jerky about it. The goalposts for Aikido move further away in every discussion. A simple example is "No one in MMA ever does Aikido" - "These people do" - "WELL IT DOESN'T LOOK LIKE AIKIDO SO IT DOESN'T COUNT". Or how about "Wrist locks are useless!" - "actually, in law enforcement, they're hella useful!" - "LAW ENFORCEMENT ISN'T SELF DEFENSE!". Again, lots of problems with Aikido and how it's practiced in 99.9% of dojos - but some of the hate thrown at it is also getting pretty ridiculous.
Perfect use of a smilie there at the end. Fuck man, that little back and forth cracked me up.
&gt; I did tkd as a kid and thought it was effective. Hey man, being good at kicking is still being good at kicking! &gt; I wasn't even good at it. *goddamnit*
Reminds me of a childhood friend. I did JJJ (which, at least what I trained, was basically Karate + Judo) for a short while when I was around 14 or 15. I was physically not super strong, but had finally learned a basic leg sweep and gotten it to work. My super fit friend (he considered becoming a professional athlete, and certainly in FAR better shape than me) met up with me one time, and asked me to use a thing on him. After much discussion, I do the leg sweep. Out goes his leg. Down his goes. Then he asks me to do it again, changes his posture, puts all his strength into strengthening that one leg. Now I can't do it. He looks smugly at me, "See, it doesn't work". He ended up having this weird mental breakdown like 15 years later, and is basically a hippy now living off the inheritance from his grandfather.
I give that link a few days tops.
I feel like you see the majority of them in Aikido? Obviously changed up a little, that's the point of the video.
I'm sure that's true, and I have a great deal of sympathy for them. But they're probably not the ones out in public talking about nutting to 11 year olds.
If you have no other experience, an alive art (one with sparring, where both partners try to "win", using whatever techniques available) would probably be best. If you're mostly into grappling, that would generally be wrestling, BJJ, and Judo. If you want standing grappling, it's Judo, if you want ground grappling it's BJJ, and if you want some in-between it's wrestling. If you're mostly into punching/kicking, then Boxing, MT, and Kickboxing are generally good choices. Those are obviously not all martial arts, but just the generally safe/good ones for a new person to start doing. Depending on exactly what you're into, there's an almost endless list of other arts you could look at (example: if you're super into joint locks, you'd look into Daito Ryu, Aikido, and Small Circle Jujutsu). But those other arts tend to be best if people know exactly what they're studying them for, and many beginners misunderstand the context in which these other arts teach their stuff. So because of that, I would recommend sticking with something from the above list. In the end, the dojo you train at, your training partners, your teacher, and most of all yourself, well have a far bigger impact on your martial arts outcome, than exactly what martial art you choose to practice.
&gt; Now, I'm also a teenager and I don't have a job. But you feel you definitely got this "life" thing figured out, and man, if anyone knows about what's good for your future prospects, it's you! Am I right or am I right? Yeah, high five bro.
Where is this from? It's a weird mix of ethnicities and fauna...
I mean... we definitely have different opinions on this anime. https://www.reddit.com/r/Grapplerbaki/comments/a7mimz/the_new_baki_anime_is_one_of_the_worst_shows_ive/ I also still have no clue why "I should care about the insanity of Baki"?
&gt; My goal right now is to just find my preferred Art and see whether I enjoy it or not **as I'm only 14** and feel I have tonnes of time to chose and hopefully fight after some months/years of learning. Dude, you're hella young. It's great that you realise that right now, you have a shitton of time (more so than you will ever have the rest of your life) to do whatever you want. But I think you should focus on just trying out all the different martial arts near you. If you can, book a trial lesson at every gym/dojo you can, and see what you click with. &gt; The only thing thats setting them apart is the rate of injury and brutality of each. ?? MT uses elbows, knees, punches, and clinching to name just a few, apart from kicks. The vast majority of TKD schools have only kicks. &gt; I love how Muay Thai seems to be fought by these Warriors of Thailand and I think following in the steps of these fighters would be incredible. That's martial arts fantasy. You need to stay in martial arts reality. Do not be swept up in myths and faerytale - at least, not until you're older.
Det er altid sjovt at være til stede, når Reddit lige opfinder nye ord :D
Hvis en dansk blondine flytter til sverige, stiger den gennemsnitlige intelligens i begge lande.
Ja tak!
Jeg vil i alt evighed synes at det er morsomt, som hvordan /r/Denmark er KRAFTIGT imod rygning og smøger, men altid er 100% for legalisering af hash.
Har selv før altid stemt Venstre eller Liberal A, men er også selv endt ved K den her omgang - tror det er der der bliver sat en streg den her gang.
And I, the Dane, is sitting here not paying anything for a scan at all...
I absolutely LOVE the little "nuh uh" finger, as the other fighter tries to jump in out of nowhere again.
You mean... automobiles?
&gt; Why doesn’t anyone talk about China more? Do you live with your head permanently stuck in the ground? China is brought up very often. The concentration camps have massive articles written about them. There's tons of YouTube videos, Reddit discussions, you name it. Just because no one personally fed you the information, without you having to look for it, doesn't mean "no one is talking about China". People have been talking about China for decades, and still are.
Eh, that's very debatable. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Nanjing_Massacre
I'm guessing you're just young. This has always been discussed intermittently.
Still one of my most hated lines in all of the movies.
Just because something is "instantly recognizable" doesn't make it good... that's a bit of a weird statement there? And when your best counter is "well, other films are way worse", that's not fantastic either.
&gt; I know that although Hapkido shares a lot of Aikido's curriculum, it's a bit more pragmatic in terms of how it approaches application, so I imagine it'd be somewhat different mentality wise. It varies as much as Aikido, I think. I was looking into Hapkido dojos in Denmark, exactly because of this thought, but the only dojo here is more like Wushu (massive flying kicks, that kind of stuff), and seems to have practically zero joint locks in the system. There's also the good ol' Fight Quest (god I loved that show!) video on Hapkido, where you see this as well. One guy mostly has to train fancy kicks for a week, while the other dude in another gym drills takedowns and joint locks constantly.
&gt; And in sudo Japanese inspired commercial "karate schools" in America, they use it differently... Which you knew... but whatever... You mean... pseudo? Anyway, it's still the incorrect use of the word Sensei.
&gt; Need help with that last one, trying to convey that ninjas were just samurai who used more strategy but got pretty much the same training Excuse me what now? "Samurai" was a specific class of people (often inherited), that were by and large trained to be warriors for military conflict, as well as later handlers and to some degree diplomats. "Ninja", aka shinobi (which is the actual real term), were information gatherers and assassins. They were scouts. They largely avoided conflict at all times, and mostly trained in techniques that either facilitated spying, stealing, or things like poisoning for assassinations. "ninjas were just samurai who used more strategy but got pretty much the same training" is just utterly historically incorrect. Your other metaphors are also pretty far out - not entirely sure I understand them correctly at all.
&gt; Ninjutsu is the ultimate martial art devised by LARPers. We can all agree that today, ninjutsu doesn't hold up at all (in combat, at least) to other arts. But it's not like it was just fantasy invented - it was practiced for hundreds of years.
I'm pretty sure Reddit got hacked! This comment should be sitting at the bottom with -9 downvotes, and a cross-post link to /r/BJJ.
That is such a shitty answer...
That's not what "soft" martial arts mean. Soft martial arts are things like Tai Chi and Aikido.
I.... actually don't know? That's an interesting little thought there :D
Fair beans, thought you meant cross-training in general :)
&gt; He provided insight into a terrible symptom, and for that I'm actually very grateful. I think most people are, at least these days. Rokas (I think) mostly became an "outcast" after his second MMA video, where he started talking *very* negatively about just about anything related to Aikido (which is also touched upon in this video). While I no longer hold much interest in his journey now, I'm very appreciative of the light it cast on different things. While almost everyone here, these days, seems to agree that "if you want to learn to fight, you have to practice fighting" (which is in large part due to Rokas' go at it all), that wasn't always the case. After Rokas' first MMA fight, there was an interview with Roy Dean and a few other Aikidoka - Roy was clear, that had it been a real fight, Rokas "would have been killed". But another Aikidoka was SURE, as in 100% SURE, that had it been a real fight, "Rokas' Aikido would have worked". As if somehow, in a real fight, magic happened and suddenly everything would go smoothly.
&gt; Samurai could be ninja too I thought? Nope. Samurai are Samurai. &gt; The physical skills were the same but those who were ninja got a little more training, it was a supplement skill, not a whole art unto itself. Shinobi were not a fancy class of citizen, it was usually poor farmers and the like. In same rare cases there might been small villages dedicated to it, but that's largely unverified as far as I know. Whereas being a Samurai was quite the noble thing. I don't know where you have this idea from, that they're overlapping or the same.
/r/whoosh
Does it have an online release date?
Look man, no matter how you look at it, they're not the same. It doesn't matter if you believe the Shinobi myth/legend/idea is largely fake and never existed (in which case Samurai were the only ones around), or that they did exist as a separate thing (in which case, again, Samurai would be something different). No matter how you look at it, ninja/shinobi and samurai are not the same, or "just Samurai who used more tactics". Samurai were also by far not the only warriors - an army would consist of mostly non-samurai. Samurai was a very specific thing, and the top of the top of the warrior class, often intermingling with nobles. Dude, where are you getting *your* info? (it seemed you were more interested in mentioning your own background, which you used a lot of text for, while forgetting to even use a question mark ;) )
I'm not arguing they're still being fully practiced, simply that they weren't some LARP invention by a dude 50 years ago. There were indeed martial arts dedicated to infiltration and such - not sure why this is super surprising.
I didn't mention any styles, only you did so far :)
What's wrong with flip phones?
&gt; $185 per month Are you training with Olympic champions or something?
You're not following me... I'm asking for a release date. I was told to stream it. If I stream it before it's officially released on DVD or online, no matter illegally or not, it's going to be a shitty cam quality, which I obviously don't want to watch a movie as. Which is why I asked for a release date. Again, not sure why this is difficult to understand.
Just because several thousand places are using it (how would you know, btw?), doesn't make it the right either. It's still the wrong way to use it. If it's not a cultural thing, why in the world are they even using the foreign word Sensei?
But how can rent be THAT high? With just 10 students, that's 1850 dollars a month, that should surely cover rent pretty much anywhere - unless you decide you absolutely definitely need to be on the fanciest of streets or areas. I'm living in Copenhagen, Denmark. Literally the most expensive city on the planet right now. 185 a month seems absolutely stupid.
&gt; I posted this in response to a very similar question a few months ago and people seemed to like it: I'm going to be using it *forever*. You better brace yourself for a lifetime of username pings, /u/Lebo77 !
&gt; There is absolutely no need for that. A simple bear hug or over/under (seatbelt grip) lift from behind is more effective of control and less chance of injury. My uncle weights almost 3 times my weight - I wouldn't even be able to get my arms around him. He's hella overweight, and I certainly wouldn't be able to move him like that. I would, however, be able to do something like a joint lock as he's not particularly strong or fit. &gt; Just very basic mount retention, and double wrist control. Any blue belt in Brazilian Jiu-jitsu can do this. Zero harm came to the guy In different cultures, and different social layers, your example there would be considered a massive overreaction. If I did that to a family member, even if they were being a drunk prick, that shit would be talked about literally the rest of my life. In what world is taking someone to the floor and then mounting them a casual thing?
&gt; I take it you don't know what an over/under grip is then Since I talked about getting my arms around him, I thought it was obvious I was referring to the bear hug, sorry. &gt; Taking your uncle's wrist and joint locking him will get him to literally flip the fuck out while just gently controlling him with superior positioning is a much lower form of escalation. Man, it's sort of crazy how you apparently know my family members and culture better than I do :-/ &gt; Maybe just do nothing lol haha It's all a hypothetical scenario anyway.
Not sure I've ever gotten through the entire short little segment there... I always cringe out at some point. It's just super embarrassing to watch.
&gt; The two combined together for a truly disastrous experience that you've inspired me to watch again today. Hey man, if you're into that sort of masochistic experience, I'm not going to kink shame you out of it ;)
Kidkido doesn't fucking work, and you all need to stop posting this BS. This kind of obviously semi-compliant training will only end up hurting her, when she gets mugged. Like seriously, the dude didn't even hit her back ONCE - but it's obvious to anyone with serious, real, street experience that a big guy like that totally could have. She needs to train BJJ instead.
I don't think I've said it here, so you're probably thinking of someone a wee smarter than me, but I would generally agree with it anyway though :)
&gt; TLDR; he got his techniques from A writer. He got his techniques from a writer.
Since when? Og hvor er "forrest" og "bagerst" i rækken?
Jeg ka' virkelig ikke forstå at man gerne vil dubbe film og sådan. Det ser jo meeega dumt ud, stemmerne passer sjælendt til udseende, og slet ikke til hvad der ofte sker i filmen. Subtitles all the way!
Super Muhammed?
Det var ikke en god idé at linke direkte til en gennemsigtig PNG fil :(
1) Ja, selvfølgelig, men siger altid tallene før skat, da skatten svinger fra person til person. 2) SU er så lavt, at man ikke kommer til at bevæge sig super langt henover bundgrænsen for skat, og derfor ikke betaler meget af det.
&gt; Ikke bare det, utroligt mange rygere prøver så kraftigt at få andre presset til at ryge med dem... Er 34. Har røget siden jeg var omkring 15. Jeg har vitterligt aldrig set nogen prøve at få nogen andre til at starte med at ryge. Jo OK, måske en enkelt gang til en fest eller sådan, hvor der tilbage i gymnasiet måske blev sagt "come on, prøv lige" fordi det var sjovt at se folk hoste lidt. Ellers så er alle rygere jeg nogensinde er løbet ind i, helt med på at andre ikke skal begynde på det. Jeg har til gengæld set det modsatte massere af gange: rygere der nupper en cigerate væk fra en person, der ikke ryger endnu, og derfor ikke bør begynde på det. Hvis det er noget du synes du "ser konstant", så bør du hænge ud med nogen mindre nedern og klamme personer. Jeg husker aldrig, *aldrig*, at have talt med en ryger, som gerne ville have at andre også begyndte med at ryge. Selvfølgelig findes der sikkert nogen spassere, men de findes jo inden for absolut alt.
Reddit: Smøger? Nej fy for satan noget klamt lort, klamme rygere, klam klam, ulovligt, afgifter, stop stop stop! Også Reddit: Hash joints proppet med tobak? JA! FRI HASH! FRIE STOFFER! FRIHED FRIHED FRIHED! Altså, I er en pænt stor klat hyklere herinde...
Ja ok, fair nok :) Man vil dog, sansynligvis, stadig stå med mere i SU end hvad han nævner - efter skat. Det var egentlig mest det der var min pointe.
&gt; fordi jeg "ødelagde" festen ved ikke at ryge (mange andre ikke-rygere til stede) Hvis der var mange andre ikke-rygere til stede, som han intet havde noget imod, så har du jo nok gjort noget andet for at pisse manden af. Anyway, jeg ved ikke helt hvilken pointe du har andet end "jeg mødte engang en fuld idiot som sagde noget dumt".
&gt; Du sidder vel ikke og siger at samfundet skal straffe en person for vedkommendes lovlige ytringer? Nej, det sagde han jo netop ikke. Men jeg kan godt se at det er lettere at linke til et sprogkursus, end at læse hans kommentar. &gt; En muslimsk paludan skal da have lov at ytre sig. Men så har danskerne vel også lov at ytre at de ønsker ham frataget hans statsborgerskab?
Altså, nogen gange er ikke-rygere lidt sindsyge. Det er jo ikke sådan at jeg har røget siden dagen jeg blev skubbet ud. Jeg ved jo godt hvad røg lugter af. Jeg kan da snildt huske da jeg var omkring de 14 eller 15, før jeg begyndte at ryge, og naboen f.eks. havde bål i deres have. Den røg kom så naturligvis ind til os - og det var der altså ikke noget problem i. Det gjorde ikke at alle i huset lige pludselig mistede apetiten eller begyndte at opføre sig som om at vi nu blev nød til at flytte. Det var vitterligt et non-issue, så lad os nu lige prøve at forholde os til virkeligheden. For den sags skyld kender jeg også flere ikke-rygere, som selv synes at lugten af cigeratter er ret hyggelig. Hvis vi nu taler om præcist min lejlighedssituation, så er der selvfølgelig mere til det. Jeg var flyttet ind 1½ tidligere da hun kom forbi, fordi noget lugtede den sidste uge - så tiden passer ikke rigtig. Hun beder mig åbne min stuedør mere (det eneste lokale jeg ryger i), for det havde hun læst ville hjælpe. Fino, det gør jeg med glæde. Hun kommer så løbende igen over de næste par uger, ofte om "jeg ryger lige nu" (hvilket jeg ironisk nok stort set aldrig gjorde), eller om jeg "gør noget anderledes". Jeg fik indtryk af at hun synes det blev slemmere, og har overvejet om det er fordi det ikke er gået op for hende at hvis begge vores vinduer/døre er åbne samtidig, kommer der selvfølgelig en lille bitte smule mere ind. Sidst kom hun forbi fordi hun nu mente at det var kommet ind i hendes soveværelse - en del af hendes lejlighed, som slet ikke er tilknyttet det lokale jeg ryger i. Der begynder det at virke lidt langt ude. Vi skal alle have lov til at være i vores egne boliger. Jeg kan jo også høre hende, når hun har veninder på besøg. Jeg kan jo høre børnene hos min overbo, og når de hopper ned af trapperne. Kan høre når folk om aftenen sidder ude i gården og griner og snakker. Jeg kan da smålugte når naboen til den anden side laver noget godt karry - men så kan jeg jo lige lukke mit vindue. Det er jo ikke en helt privat grund, som f.eks. et hus eller gård - vi må alle acceptere, at vi alle skal være her, og at der kommer til at være småting som vil gå os på. Ellers må man flytte ud på lars tyndskids mark og bo langt væk fra alle andre.
&gt; You know you’re desperate For what? Karma?
&gt; I feel like it all would add up really quickly. It does. I'd guess 30-40% of the money I've spent on partying in my 34 years so far, has been spent on buying drinks and shots for other people. Now sure, I could be more stingy: not buy a round of shots, not buy the first drink, not pick up the tab when with women, and so on. But A) it's expected, B) if I don't I'm boring and stingy. In the hypothetical scenario, where I don't buy drinks and dinner for women, but they buy drinks for me, I'd probably have anywhere from 8-18k USD more in my bank account right now. Fuck, maybe more. Shit really does add up over time.
Isn't a boxer with a BJJ background, by default, an MMA fighter?
&gt; I’m sorry man, I tried to give it a read but I was just too much of a block of text. That's not a block of text at all? When people say "block of text", they mean, literally, a giant block of text. This was all well sorted and set up, easy to read, no problemo. I just sounds like you didn't want to read a lot, but just wanted to skim headlines? Hardly the fault of the post :)
BJJ guys sweating real nervously watching that new episode of Black Mirror!
Righto then, firing squad it is!
&gt; If you get a false non-guilty verdict (sending a truly guilty person free) in Japan (a country with a criminal justice system that has a 99%+ conviction rate) then you really done fuck something up. I mean, they fucked the case up because they were corrupt, which is also how they managed a 99% conviction rate. They just got caught this time.
Man, it's crazy. Legit, 20 years ago no one really believed this was possible apart from experts. I was in HK with my dad when I was around 18, so about 15 years ago for me. He would tell me about how the economy was growing incredibly fast, how China would become the richest nation on the planet if things kept going (back then estimated to be around 20 years to reach the US), all these things. But it seemed WILD. Like, fuck man, a lot has happened in 15 years - a lot of Asia has gotten WAY richer, and really modernized, in an extremely short amount of time. Back then, it really felt like "poor" countries.
&gt; Appealing to foreigners (Who are powerless anyway) is not going to do them any favours in this regard. I dunno. If demonstrations eventually escalated to very high levels, the rest of the world might intervene if China starts enforcing laws with overdone violence.
Man, support for both of you from Denmark :( tough shit right now.
&gt; after it's collected, wtf do you think they're going to do with it? I mean, honestly, they most likely use it to create a more streamlined user experienced, move things around to get people to click on it, figure out decent places for ads, stuff like that. That's what use analytics data for, in 99.9% of the cases. Reddit is just a conspiracy hub that thinks cookies know their credit card pin. Source: I work with analytics.
&gt; "cooperatively non-cooperative" Wait, are we talking about martial arts or BDSM? &gt; Plus I can still give them a hard time with other "tricks." ;) Oh... we are definitely talking about BDSM.
The only real answer here. Yes, do boxing - by far the most efficient punches-only system around. Though I understand the silliness in the other replies, considering the topic at hand.
I'm confused.
Same when I visited the US, though that may be colored by: me being a foreigner, and it being like almost 3 years ago right now.
&gt; Yeah, I honestly like spinning shit, I'm not an expert or anything but even as an outright fan of it I'm skeptical. One little story always stuck with me. I was traveling, and on the plane was reading a story about a dude who was going to do some new fancy martial art. Whatever he wanted to do is really unimportant, rather his background. He was an X Dan in Karate, and was part of a neighbourhood watch type deal. They were out one night, and one thing led to another, and he's in a fight with this random homeless dude. In his own words "I threw the most wonderful, absolutely perfect spinning roundhouse kick. And I missed by an inch. Now I was flat on the road, with a homeless man with a broken bottle on top of me." His friends saved his ass, and he was fine.
If we're being realistic, what is this achieving? Nothing. The people that would genuinely buy a human, will not care whatsoever about this sign. It also doesn't bring any shocking statistic or fact up, that would make other people act in their stead. The way the sign works is also a little unfortunate. In a time where many women argue for legalized prostitution, some might instead see it as an anti-prostitution sign. Sure, I get that it's "better than nothing", but I can't help but feel the time would have been better spent elsewhere.
&gt; Condom avoiders With a prostitute... why would you... ever... EVER.... I just can't fathom the line of thinking here.
It's really way way too early too tell. Fuck, a ton of millennials aren't even 20 yet, and even after they get married, you need to wait at least 20 years to get any sort of realistic idea of "divorce rate". WAY too early to know.
Well, let me tell you! &gt; I'm doing a research project into what motivates women to take self defense courses and what the experience is like for them. Oh... nevermind :(
Muay Thai and Judo, Muay Thai and BJJ, or Muay Thai and Wrestling, simply because those combinations would collectively tick the most boxes. MT would cover punches, kicks, elbows, knees, and the clinch. Then you need to add a grabbling system into that, which would generally be Judo, BJJ, or typical western Wrestling.
I have a lot of questions...
That makes no sense. It would equally mean "don't kill any Russians". aka "No Russian". If you wanted to say "kill every Russian here", the last thing you would ever say just before starting a mass shooting is "No Russian". It just makes no sense.
I can actually follow the line of thinking for the last one, fair beans.
Yup, the guys just like I remember them!
It's really not.
&gt; Yes that was what I implied because it has aspects of both. Oh, you *definitely* don't know what communism is. Sweden no more has "both", than the US or France or Japan has "both". Having a social systems in place has nothing to do with communism.
&gt; I always get a lot of shit when I point out most recycling is nonsense. *in your country.
&gt; da det begrænser brugernes valg af services Det gør det jo heller ikke. Det er som at sige at en ny toglinje begrænser valg a services til steder som ikke har toglinjer, og derfor må der ikke bygges nye toglinjer. Det giver jo ikke mening.
Congratulations.
&gt; There are 233 people named Brorsen, according to the danish statistics center: Sjovt, vidste ikke man lige kunne checke. Mig, min far, og mor, er de eneste i landet med vores efternavn :D
&gt; smusposer Mener du snus?
He's not asking about what jobs are stressful and which are not. He's asking if people are ambitious, and I can tell you, that at least within certain industries, people are as ambitious as anywhere else in the world, if not more so.
I don't see anything ambitious, in doing something easy. You won't say that you're "very ambitious about losing weight, and so, you walk 50 meters every day!" - that wouldn't be ambitious, that would just be normal. Hell, I find "ambitious" and "easy" to be practically polar opposites.
&gt; That you work in one of the few sectors challenging this doesn't really change the fact that we are, on average, more relaxed, less concerned with rapid advancement and prefer "flatter" business structures. Fair enough :)
Aaaaaaand saved. That's goddamned hilarious.
As a Dane, I can tell you that it only works if everyone else is hella nasty.
Scandinavian Viking Chads represent!
Ja ok, der må jeg nok sige at det er lidt et skod argument. Argumentet må være, at unge mennesker ikke skal blive afhængie af noget som giver dem kræft. Hvis du begynder med "jo men I koster jo systemet penge!" så lad os starte med at smide alle mellemøstlige udlændinge ud, satte grænser for hvad tykke mennesker må købe af mad, enorme afgifter på fastfood, etc.. Nej, den går sgu' ikke, bare fordi du personligt lige har noget imod rygning mere end de andre ting. Det er et problem fordi det er usundt, samtidig med at man bliver afhængig af det, og derfor skal unge mennesker ikke begynde på det.
Altså, så præcist de samme grunde som folk havde for 10, 20, 30, 40 og 50 år siden?
Had to do a double-take, you look a lot like one of my friends!
&gt; Where do we see aikido in 50 years? Maaan, people can't even agree on where they see Aikido *right now*.
Jeg føler mig voldsomt personligt angrebet :( ..... fuck, men det er sgu' da osse ret Svensk. Åh nej, altså, det er ikke sådan noget man kan komme til at indånde vel?!
Jo, sådan har det i hvert fald været før i tiden.
&gt; To begin with, I'm a 24 year old French female student and &gt; I have a master in Public affairs, studied in Italy, UK, Japan and France (I speak fluent French, English, Italian and Japanese og jeg lærer også dansk på en skole hver uge) and I have roughly one year of professional experience in a multinational company + international organisation. That's super impressive.
Don't be silly. We also called your President a retard last year.
No worries, best of luck!
By far my favorite episode! You're in for a real nasty depression!
But what if you have the runs?!
Yooo, that Shotokan Kata (maybe in other styles as well?) brings back memories :D I did that as well around the age of 10! :D
Standard Shotokan kata.
Sure you can, dude! Just be realistic with your expectations :)
Whaaaaat?! These idiots stopped when one of them was on the ground with his head against concrete, and didn't just continue punching the dude?! WHAT IS THIS SORCERY!?!?!?!?!
Start with one. 100%. It also seems you have some slight misconceptions about what you'll be taught in the different classes - another great reason to take things slow at first. Besides, you don't even know if you'll like Martial Arts yet. Definitely start with one, otherwise I almost guarantee you'll either burn out, or just drop 2 of them and go back to 1.
Here we go again. "You just charged forward and knocked down Leo Leo and you're all braggadocio". So... in a fight, you're not allowed to take the absolute easiest route to winning? You're not allowed to charge past your opponent's shitty defenses? If anything, isn't it just worse that Lei Lei got beaten "just by charging forward"?
Funny how people are different. That's almost exactly what I'm professionally aiming for :D
&gt; In an interview with the BBC, the Dalai Lama also said that while he was a supporter of the EU and thought it would be better for the UK to remain part of it, he did not want to see Europe become “Muslim” or “African”. Denmark just got a new government a few days ago, who plan on letting in more refugees and immigrants, and making it easier to stay in the country -_- practically all the political parties agree we have a major issue with integration into society, apart from 3 parties (Radikale Venstre, Enhedslisten, Alternativet) that are still heavily pro-immigration (unsurprisingly, they were heavily supported by immigrants during the election - some ghettoes even coordinated who people should vote for). 1 of those 3 parties are part of the coalition government and refuse to let things work unless they get their will on immigration - even though the VAST majority of both the population, as well as politicians, agree it's a very serious issue for the country right now. About 5 years back, statistics came out that showed that roughly 80% of violent crime in Copenhagen, was done by immigrants. Imagine the craziness of that - if we theoretically threw out all immigrants, violent crime would drop by 80%. That's insane, and very clearly shows that we have an integration issue. You can narrow it down to roughly 5 countries, who's people statistically do roughly 3-4 times as much crime as your average "ethnic Dane". But sure, let's open the gates again before we figure out how to integrate the ones already here. Sounds fantastic.
Fuck that shit.
There will be a massive adjustment period in dating over the coming years. Not just with new rape definitions, that can definitely go over the line, but just the dating scene in general. We've already seen it for a few years now, where there were tons of articles about "stop sexualising me in public, don't look at me, don't talk to me, it's harrasment" - and a few years later, we started seeing tons of articles about "guys don't make me feel attractive anymore, no one is walking up and talking to me now". It's a have a cake and eat it type situation.
&gt; Shouldn't you be old enough to accept communication habits without mainstream shaming? Wait what? lol
I swear to fucking god, this sub has the most humor-drained people in history. It's a joke.
How can people on this sub be THIS blind to fucking regular humor?
When I did a Kettlebell routine about 5 years ago, I lost around 8kg of fat in 6 weeks. So in 6-12 months, definitely doable if you put in enough crazy effort.
Don't worry man, I gotcha :) And yeah - the fun thing to think about, is that we essentially know fuck all. We know we exist. We know other galaxies exist. We know there is stuff in the galaxies. That's pretty much all we know, about the contents of the universe. Hell, maybe the universe is inside a multiverse? Which is inside a megaverse? Maybe we're essentially "cosmic bacteria" that's part of an unfathomably larger entity? Maybe we're a zoo? Maybe we're completely alone, and organic life is an absolute extreme rarity, let alone sentient life? If we survive as a species long enough, man, future generations will have so so much to explore and figure out. I'm hella jelly (though also not really, because as you get older, you realise there will definitely be a time where you no longer feel you fit into society as it progresses).
But... wasn't his remade like just 10 years ago or something?
I mean, way more than than. 4 billion light years, is the distance that LIGHT would travel in 4 billion years. Radiowaves are much slower, and so would have originated even well before that.
Wait, what?
Let them use it on whatever they want. It's their lives. You say it like it's this once-in-a-lifetime huge thing to do, geez buddy. I've given stuff to homeless people all the time.
If Cities Skylines have taught me anything, it's that if that's not all one-way roads, those intersections are going to kill literally the entire city by stopping ambulances to get to anyone in time.
Why many word when few word do trick?
I came up with a thing that turned out already to be a thing!
Shitty = // = trashy. If that was the point, then post it to /r/ShittyPeople or whatever the sub is called. A CEO making billions but paying employees minimum wage is shitty, but not trashy. A girl with a star tattooed around her asshole is trashy, but not shitty.
If you stand up crying because a TV show didn't end the way you wanted it to, you have way bigger issues to deal with than the ending of GOT does...
Shockingly, the kid actually seems like a really nice guy, genuinely happy and appreciative. Made me happy to watch :)
New study came out in Denmark about 2 weeks ago, that showed that 1 in 6 weed smokers became addicted. Last time I tried posting something like that on /r/trees I got a temp ban :-/
That's true, as a hobby site it works pretty well I suppose :)
&gt; IDIOT I said student, I thought it was implied?
The VAST majority of westerners, often even the ones in the country, are willfully ignorant of the conditions famous people / idols live under in Asia. To the public, it's glamorized to the extreme, but if you're willing to do a bit of digging, you'll start finding endless stories of rampant abuse that would shock even Weinstein. In Tokyo, I dunno if it's still there, I hope not, anyway in Tokyo there was literally a brothel for quasi-famous singers. Oh, you like that girl from that pop group? Go and pay her 200 bucks to fuck you in this sleazy hotel thing. A girl I was dating at the time told me about it, because her old boyfriend kept getting asked by his boss to go there with him. In both Korea and Japan, it's not unheard of that these girls are literally traded around as prostitutes, as a form of gift/payment between agencies. It's fucking horrifying.
No, but for real, it's true. You can practically track human migration around the planet, by checking when mass extinctions of larger animals happen on different parts of the planet. Humans have, throughout the history of our species, had an absolutely massive effect on the environment as a whole wherever we went.
What the fuck is going on over in America???
If all drugs suddenly doubled in cost, do you think every junkie in the world would just magically stop, or do you think the cartels would just make twice the money? The US has even done this once before with prohibition and it worked out real shitty.
The people agree that is just and fair.
Honestly, been there. In a period where I tried to quit way back, but still smoked at parties, I remember one time where after the party before bed, I broke all my remaining cigerates and threw them in the trash - that way, I couldn't smoke them in the morning. The next morning, hung over as fuck, I literally went back, get the pieces out of the trash, taped them together, and smoked one that way. The cravings are a real bitch lol
For future reference, *who needs enemies. Might just a typo :)
Du er en skat!
Du gad ikke engang læse hvad artiklen drejede sig om, før du smed et link til noget med udlændninge... flot.
How exactly would they do a sex change 2000 years ago??
Ikke at det i sig selv betyder noget, men jeg er glad (og det ville min mor også være) for at have nået så mange mennesker med de følelser jeg havde (og langt hen af vejen stadig har). Tak. Håber du fik et godt nytår :)
I've read the quotes that people always throw up with this - have you? Because he doesn't actually say anything racist, but rather laments that many/most of the African cultures at the time were very primitive. In fact, in the direct opposite of racism, he says Indians would act the same way, if the British continue their assault on them and their culture.
This is pretty much just standard meditation, so not sure why that would be surprising?
Now is maybe a good time to remind everyone that this is not a first for the US - more like standard practice. You know the Mai Lai Massacre in Vietnam? Where an American platoon wiped out an entire village of civilians, but not before raping the women of course, including murdering little kids? Did you know that only 1 person was ever convicted of anything? Nixon released him to house arrest after 3 days. 347 civilians killed. Not a single American in jail. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/My_Lai_Massacre https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/William_Calley
&gt; I will say that maybe young people should be more represented in all levels of government. Every young person says this. Every person who is no longer young thinks "fuck no, I was an idiot...".
Hver gang jeg ser noget om swingerklubber, indser jeg lynhurtigt hvorfor det er jeg ikke kommer på swingerklubber. Det virker altid bare suuupppeerrr utiltalende, og dem de interviewer gør det aldrig bedre.
Jeg har i 2 uger glemt at jeg er ved at løbe tør for toiletpapir. Sjovt nok ser jeg det hver dag. Glemmer konsekvent at købe det.
Et par dage gammel, men rigtig god artikel (lidt advarsel at den ikke er for de helt følsomme).
As a smoker: how this happened I have no fucking idea. I cannot fathom accidentally smoking a cigarette from the wrong end (or a cigar for that matter) - I'm confused how you wouldn't get burnt from that! With that said, the cigar looks hella fucked up just in general, so who knows.
I'm Danish, and by American standards incredibly left leaning. I find the sub hilarious, and only outdone by the stupidity of the people who are posted. Maybe your political system would work better if you didn't constantly break everything into "us or them", and "if someone did something I didn't like, they have to be the opposite political party of what I would vote for!". Seriously, American Leftist are as much to blame for your massive issues as your crazy Right is. Ya'll need to chill with putting people in boxes, and instantly hating people because they vote differently.
Then what "right wingers" are you reffering to exactly, if not the American ones? Because... anything else doesn't make sense? You realise that "the right" is different in pretty much every nation, right? What defines "the right" is different. In Denmark, most of our "right" political parties would still be considered "left" political parties in the US. There isn't one single entity that is "the right" - so if it wasn't the American one, which was it? Anyway, having looked at your posting history, I'm not expecting great replies here.
? I came from the front page dude. You'll have to expect that your little inner circle gets opened up when that happens...
"Stop hating people because they vote for a different political party!" "Fuck you, you racist centrist!" Ah yes, wonderful America.
It's one of those subs where you go, sort by All Time Top, and go through the first page thinking "These women are loonies! Absolute loonies!" - then you keep going, and instead of thinking the women are loonies, you start thinking "all the commenters are loonies! Absolute loonies!".
I mean to be fair, it's not all that surprising that the boy you like don't wanna go on a date anymore, once you start selling nudes no matter the cause... some might have no issue with it, but come on, that shouldn't be surprising.
Eh... man this is some history re-writing. Ya'll don't remember the amount of hate Hayden had thrown at him. And not for a few months either, that shit lasted years and years, and was the primary reason he never showed up at any conferences and such.
And then after she sold a shitton of nude pictures, she makes a post complaining that the guy she liked no longer wants to talk. Look, awesome that she raised a ton of money. Good on her. But you can't start selling nudes, and then be surprised some people don't want to date you anymore.
&gt; I'll tell you right now that guy is a piece of shit. "You aren't allowed to save the world with your body" Who said that? Anywhere? Apart from your own crazy voice, in your own crazy head? No one, at any point, has told her that she can't do that. But you aren't entitled to a relationship. If you choose to show your naked body to thousands of people, some people will not want to date you afterwards. That's their choice. And it's something you should honestly expect, it's not surprising. Doing it, and then complaining about it afterwards, is silly. She's literally acting shocked and surprised that a dude isn't as interested in her, after she sold thousands of nude pictures. You might be OK with it. Good for you buddy, we both know you aren't the type dating girls hot enough to sell their nudes. Come on, stop with the extreme virtue signaling and calling a guy "a piece of shit" because he doesn't want to date a girl who's naked on the internet.
alverden
Nu tror jeg lige jer mods skal slappe lidt af...
Nu er jeg ikke meget for overvågning, men jeg synes altså bare det her er fedt? Derudover har det været sådan i lang tid, det er bare IOS der kommer med nu. Slap nu af med paranoiaen.
&gt; Det har aldrig handlet om at slå ned på kvinder, der gemte sig bag at være kvinder, blot at slå ned på kvinder. Nu læste jeg det sub for *en del* år siden, og jo, det var faktisk fokus den gang det blev lavet. Der gik bare ikke så lang tid før det fuldkommen skred, og nu om dage er 50% af det bare kvindehaderri, specielt i kommentarfeltet. Men jo, det var bestemt sådan det sub var der i starten. Det var dengang Third Wave Feminism i USA sådan rigtig slog hårdt, og man en gang om ugen kunne høre om sindsyge historier (ala "airconditioning in offices is sexist" historier). Desværre er det, som sagt, blevet ret lort nu om dage. Var spas' i starten.
Plejer selv at gå en tur - kan slet ikke lytte hvis jeg bare sidder ned. Bruger mest lydbog når jeg er i transport, f.eks. i toget på vej til arbejde.
How do you think humans survived before we discovered how to make fire?
&gt; Heck, Tiger was cheating on his white wife with like 15 to 40 women and the golf world (predominantly white) welcomed him back with open arms. Why in the world should the golf world care if he cheated on his wife??
&gt; They do it in Japan, I think to shame you into not suiciding by train. It's much more complicated. They do it because suicide by train is a fast and easy and painless way to die - so people used that, since it was convenient. It's sadly common in Japan for men to commit suicide, so that their life insurance can be paid out to the family, especially if they're older and have lost their job. There was an epedemic of people taking out life insurance, and then "having an accident" the very next day. To combat the problem, a law was passed that life insurance only kicked in after 1 year. Suicide rates spiked at 1 year and 1 day. They bill the family, so that it's a non-economically viable way to kill yourself. If you're curious, check out the documentary Saving 10.000, about suicide in Japan. The documentary ended up fucking the guy professionally - I helped him market it a bit on YouTube. He had to give everything up, after crazy nationalists got pissy with him apparently.
&gt; In terms of the money this is how donations can help us: You guys turned away about a million from Denmark :S
Reddit really is a sad fucking place... Look, it's a comment about motherhood, presenting career vs child. Now, of course, that's not always how things NEED to be. Many manage both. But all this comic is saying, is that getting a kid is a better thing in life, than any other arbitrary prize. It's saying "while you were focused on making movies, I was focused on making a family, and I think I came out ahead" - and that's fair enough. Stop acting so fucking cringy about it. There is no "gatekeeping". There is no insanity to found, apart from you guys absolutely massively overreacting to a very very simple drawing, that actually has a very heartwarming (or as Reddit would say, "wholesome") message - that family is more important than career.
Ironically, this is exactly what you WOULDN'T want to pay a lot for. A drawing that's essentially re-used, basically copying a story/quote/myth about Van Gogh where this is pretty much the exact story/quote.
FUCK, Picasso, that's why I couldn't find it! I wanted to include the original story :) Thanks!
Jeg synes at det er ærgerligt at hele den danske befolkning ikke må købe fyrværkeri, fordi der er en håndfuld tosser, primært i hovedstadsområdet, som ikke kan håndtere det. Der må da være bedre løsninger.
&gt; Notice Europe hasn't started WW3 yet Because of the EU. Because of Trade. That's why we made the EU in the first place. &gt; What changed? Human nature? Get real Trade treaties. The EU. It's very simple. It certainly doesn't have anything to do with the US. American wars are pretty much the only ones we've been involved in, since WWII.
I don't know how else to explain this to you. It's the very basis of why the European Union was formed - which started out as a purely economic collaboration on trade, mind you. The idea is that if everyone is trading with everyone else, it isn't a good idea for anyone to start a war, because it'll fuck up all your trade. Low and behold, since the EU and all the different European nations started being heavily reliant on internal trade, we haven't had any internal wars. Hell, if you REALLY want to see this in action, look at Saudi Arabia and the US. Those guys literally sponsored the largest terrorist attack in history, killed 10.000 Americans, but because they're great trade partners the US does absolutely nothing.
&gt; Og jeg tror ikke fremtidens vælgere er interesseret i blokpolitik og mærkesager, men gennemsigtighed og løsninger der virker første gang. Eh, jeg tror man kunne være kommet med samme udtalelse for 50 år siden, og der havde den også været korrekt.
A lot of the "crappy design" posted on here is really just people not understanding why something is designed the way it is... This is, very very obviously, not supposed to be a realistic representation of women. In the background of the image, you can see the same kind of mannequin has been used several times, in different poses, throughout the store. They are, clearly, using it for artistisc expression - for which it works just fine.
Sometimes, I wonder why I even bother...
Was about to say! One foot on the floor and it instantly goes away. Why? I don't know, but it does.
&gt; Jeg ved bare ikke hvordan man finder rigtig kunst, kan nogen her hjælpe mig? Jeg leder ikke efter billeder malet af kendte kunstnere til mange tusindvis af kroner. Hvis du vil have et ordentligt stykke kunst, noget der er stort (altså ikke A4/A3 størrelse), og noget der er unikt, så kommer du altså langt over 1.000kr for det. Den type malerier har bare i materiale snildt kostet omkring en tusse - eller over. Dertil kommer der så de 10-20 timers arbejde der har ligget i selve maleriet. Så kan du vel godt selv regne ud, at man ikke kommer langt for 1.000kr. For pokker, selv bare at PRINTE en A1 plakat koster dig 400-500kr - altså bare at printe den. Hvis du vil have unik håndlavet kunst, så bliver du også nød til at betale for de timer og penge som det har kostet, hvilket ofte løber op i en slat, hvis man vil have noget der er større end et postkort.
"Vi har ALLE mesterskaberne!!!!!" "Nå... ok, så er det slut, fair nok."
OK slap lige af og efterlad lidt fisse til resten af os...
Det er spøjst de kalder det mobning, men egentlig ikke rigtig nævner noget med mobning i artiklen? Han siger han blev mobbet, de skriver han blev mobbet, men hvad han beskriver, så var det bare at han var ret vild introvert, og at folk ikke rigtig ville hænge ud med ham (og at han ikke tog fat i nogen for at hænge ud med dem). Uden at gøre det for meget til "jamen der er sultene børn i afrika", så fik jeg selv slag hvert frikvarter i 8 år i træk, og blev jagtet ud i en mose af 30 børn mens nogen af dem piskede mig med grene etc... så jeg synes måske at det er liiiiiidt vildt at kalde det mobning, bare fordi han ikke har nogen venner.
&gt; How to Disappear Completely- Radiohead May I recommend the Ane Brun cover? https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6AeRFQw986k
&gt; Dorsk 81 Wow.... that had been completely wiped from my memory, but the second I read "Dorsk" I was like "OH RIGHT! FUCK!".
Tjo, var der ikke en sag for nogen år siden, hvor de ville have at en barn skulle dø, fordi de insisterede på at han ikke måtte få blod eller noget i den retning?
Man kan læse selve rapporten her: https://www.usnews.com/news/best-countries/overall-rankings Man skal nok ikke lægge aaaalllttt for meget vægt i den. Bla. får USA 7 pladsen, selvom at de er skod på stort set alle parameter, PÅNÆR: "Power", "Cultural Influence", og så til sidst "Entrepeneuship". Men jeg kan ikke rigtig regne ud, hvorfor "Power" eller "Cultural Influence" har betydning for hvordan det er at leve i landet, om folk har et godt liv. Hvis man kigger på "Quality of Life", så har USA kun en score på 5.5 ud af 10, ret lavt (DK ligger på 9.5 som sammenligning), men pga. "Power" kommer de altså på en syvende plads. Man kan også kigge på "Heritage" - altså kulturel arv. Her får USA, som er under 500 år gammelt, en score på 4.6 - Danmark, med sine over 1000 års historie? Hvad får vi? 2.2 OK så. Japan ligger på en 3. plads - jeg har selv boet der, og kan kun sige at det er lattervæggene. De har helt enorme problemer med ligestilling, har et medicinsk ord for at dø af at arbejde for meget (fordi det løbende sker), bor ENORMT småt i alle storbyer, har vilde arbejdstimer og lav løn, et uddannelsessystem som presser dem helt ekstremt fra en tidlig alder (så meget, at helt unge begår selvmord pga. presset), har voldsomme problemer med at mænd tager på kvinder i busser og toge (har aldrig mødt en voksen pige i landet, som ikke har prøvet at blive taget på - kendte en, som fandt sperm på hendes jakke da hun mødte op i skole efter togturen), og ja jeg kunne egentlig bare fortsætte. Men Japan er åbenbart det 3. bedste land i verden at bo i. De har også kategorien "Movers", med så fede og videnskabelige underkategorier som "Distinctive", "Different", "Unique", "Dynamic". Danmark har haft (har stadig?) "verdens bedste restaurant", men hvad er vores score på om man kan spise god mad? "Has great food?" - vi har en score på 0.6 ud af 10. Wut? Nå, men heldigvis har vi jo helt vilde offentlige tjenester, så det er let at bo i DK. Eller hvad? Nej, i følge rapporten, så har Danmark en "Affordable?" score på.... wait for it.... 0.1 ud af 10! Ej men jeg kunne fortsætte. Det er bare alle tallene der er whack. Jeg synes egentlig ofte at den slags undersøgelser og lister kan være meget interessante, men den her virker ikke super gennemtænkt. Jo mere man kigger på nogen af de tal de er kommet frem til, jo mere må man sige at man ikke kan bruge det her til noget som helst. EDIT: /u/Noromiz fandt også deres fantastiske liste over de 5 bedste lande at tage studie år i: * Forenede Arabiske Emirater * Sydkorea * Kina * Indien * Tyrkiet Det er sgu' vildt at nogen har fået penge for at lave det her.
Why not just use the website? Rejseplanen.dk ?
&gt; Definitely rush in to preserve her modesty and risk your safety Man, this is such an American way of thinking... you see a naked woman, who's obviously not quite right in the head at the moment, and your response is "Yeah I'm not helping her out, I could be risking my safety!!" - dude, where exactly do you think she's hiding a weapon? Or are you usually scared that naked women will beat the shit out of you?
&gt; He groomed her for all of 5 minutes Isn't grooming generally a thing that happens over years?
&gt; Great movie, new female lead, did poorly. It had a budget of 30 million, and grossed 100 million. I don't think a profit of 70 million is doing "poorly". They made back over three times the investment.
&gt; Or a male Wonder Woman? To be fair, a male Wonder Woman is Superman.
Yes! Have you heard of Scentsy? :DDDDDDD
Civil discourse on Reddit? Good sir, I think you are in the wrong part of the internet!
Om der er samtykke eller ej, så ville jeg stadig mest være overrasket over at jeg havde fået en dildo helt op i røven uden at lægge mærke til det...
Jeg håbede at du lidt fattede pointen med mine fjollede svar, men det gør du ikke, så nu skriver jeg det helt sort på hvidt: Du bliver ved med at ville diskutere ting som jeg ikke har skrevet. Det er ikke en diskussion jeg er interesseret i at have. Du skal være velkommen til at svare på de ting, som jeg reelt skrev. Men nej, jeg gider ikke hoppe med i dine dildo-i-røven-mens-jeg-sover-tankeeksperimenter.
&gt; **Han kunne ikke "se" at hun var vågen, da hun lå med ryggen til. Sigh, OK, er det vitterlig din pointe, at jeg skrev "se" i stedet for "kan høre"? Altså, hvis det går dig så meget på, kan jeg godt ændre det - jeg vil nødigt ha at du ligger i chok derhjemme foran skærmen. &gt; Nej, men det ville jo komme bag på dig, hvis personen var i chok, hvis de vågnende med en fremmed genstand i endetarmen, om det var en penis eller dildo. OK, jeg ved ikke lige hvor meget seksuel erfaring du har, men at få en pik op i røven er altså ikke noget man bare ikke lige lægger mærke til, før den er inde... hvis du vågner med en pik oppe i røven, så har du bestemt taget mere end bare alkohol. Dertil digter du jo også videre på historien. Jeg skriver specifikt, at hvis jeg var sammen MED EN JEG KUNNE SE/HØRE VAR VÅGEN. Du vælger så at fjerne den del af mit indlæg, fordi det ikke passer på den retorik og historie du gerne vil køre med. Fuck af. Nu gider jeg altså ikke mere. Du er åbenbart sur over at jeg skrev "kan se" istedet for at skrive "kan høre", det var så åbenbart nok til at få dig fissefornærmet. Dertil har du en idé om, at man bare lige glider en pik op i røven (eller fissen), og at det ikke er noget folk ligesom lægger mærke til mens det sker. Man vågner ikke "med en pik endetarmen". Hop ud i køkkenet og stik en banan op i røven, of fortæl mig bagefter at det ville du bare ikke lægge mærke til, før den var inde. Sorry, det er vanvittigt. End of. Nu må du videre. Svar hvis du vil, jeg gør ikke.
&gt; Det er også victim-blaming af den absolut højeste kaliber Der er noget der hedder personligt ansvar. Jeg noper out, det her er for fordummene.
Jeg læste lige i dag på forsiden, om en italiensk fodboldspiller som var frikendt for voldtægt. Kvinden som anklagede ham havde, EFTER voldtægten skulle have fundet sted, skrevet til ham 2 gange om han kom forbi igen senere på aftenen, og også ringet til ham bagefter. Den sag kom dog aldrig længere end til første dommer, og hvis jeg forstod det rigtig, bliver hun nu sagsøgt for at have løjet omkring det.
Eh... "ej, jeg fik livstid i fængsel, skal jeg ikke kun straffes en gang? Nu skal jeg straffes resten af livet?!" Den holder ikke rigtig kammerat. Det er jo samme straf. Ikke at jeg nødvendigvis er enig med forslaget, synes det lyder ret voldsomt. Men der er ikke tale om dobbeltstraf.
&gt; Hvad snakker du om? De må jo have ment, at der var begrundet tvivl og at forholdet ikke var bevist. Ved ikke lige hvilket "forhold som ikke var bevist" du mener? Altså, detaljerne står jo i artiklen...
Says the person inventing stories about abuse....
A) Breaking a kids toy is not abuse. If you think so, christ, grow a pair. If you don't, you won't last long in the actual real world. B) Yes, it's literally, LITERALLY in the actual LITERAL sense of the word LITERALLY, impossible for you to know all these things, about all these people you've never met or talked to or communicated with in any way, based on a single Facebook post. No matter your education, you can't magically get mutant powers like the X-Men, that allow you deep insight into the thoughts, feelings, and history of a person based on a Facebook post with 1 line of text. Saying that you're educated, and still think this way, is just even more worrying. EDIT: Instead of downvoting, I would love if people explained what it is I said that's wrong. Is it that you believe breaking a kids toy is abuse? Or that you believe you can magically tell a persons personality, history, and future intentions from a single phrase in a Facebook post? By all means, enlighten me!
Easy: give them something else, that also has a mildly psychedelic effect? Also, I've seen people getting absolutely "wasted" on pure water, because they thought it was alcohol, so I wouldn't be too sure everyone in the placebo group would know.
Thanks, you too!
&gt; But I don't think you can fool enough people into thinking they've had a full on psychedelic trip with sugar pills to get an accurate study. Which is why my first suggestion was: just give them something else that's mildly psychedelic! Most people don't do psychedelics AT ALL, so I doubt your average person would know the difference. Besides, you wouldn't need to fool everyone.
I don't get why this is a confusing topic: You give one group ayahuasca. You give one group a mild (different) psychedelic. You give one group a 100% placebo. You measure and compare results. It's not rocket science. Am I missing something?
Man, I used to be so pumped for this game, and the more I saw and read about it, the less hyped I became. At this point I doubt I'll even play it at all.
&gt; I really do hope Star Citizen comes out one day. It’s the kind of game I know I’d adore. I used to think that, but at this point it's a game I don't really want to play. I was really interested in it because of VR, which they insist is still planned, but everything they do will basically make you puke in VR. Second, the massive Pay2Win system they have going? Naw man, I'm out. You can buy practically everything in the game with real money. I play MMOs to get away from reality, not to be noobstomped by a guy who signed up yesterday but put in 2000 dollars for an end-game ship.
&gt; The relatively small system they have is packed full of stuff. If it weren't as buggy as it was, I could accept it as a full game like right now. Unless a massive content patch or something hit in the last month or two, come on dude that's BS. I've seen people "do everything", and it's a few hours of playing.
It's funny that Star Citizen originally got fame because of it's "amazing graphics". If/when the game releases in 3-5 years, the graphics really aren't that impressive. Any amateur right now can create the same level of graphics in Unreal Engine using stock models from the marketplace.
&gt; Right haha. I'm not fixing it. What? &gt; I have a 65' projector in my house don't you know? I... don't care? Dude what you smoking...
&gt; Importing assets in a game dev tool isn’t “creating the same level of graphics”, it’s making use of other people’s work. Sure it is. When someone says "look, this game has amazing graphics!" and I say "OK, but I can create the same visual with 5 hours of work and 80 bucks", that means it's just not that impressive. &gt; The real work in that case would be creating all the models in something like blender and then bringing them together in Unreal. Really? Because RIGHT after this, you start writing about how it isn't the models. &gt; But even then, creating a specific scene isn’t the same as creating a massive universe. Of course not. But I didn't write "any amateur can create start citizen". I said any amateur could create the same level of graphics. Which is just outright factually true. &gt; And no, not “any amateur” can create a wide array of shaders to suit their needs, but you clearly wouldn’t know. They don't need to. You can buy shader packs for literally 10 dollars. I mean fuck, Unreal regularly gives it away for free. &gt; But since you believe any amateur can easily do what they’ve done, please tell me which massive multiplayer game has clearly better graphics than Star Citizen. Elite: Dangerous, Bless, Anthem. Hell, even Eve looks amazing, and it was released back in 2003. Look dude, no matter how you twist and turn it, Star Citizen GRAPHICS just aren't that impressive these days. Do they look good? Yes! Are they above what you expect from any AAA title these days? Nope. Can amateurs create the same level of graphics in Unreal? Yes. You then want to twist and turn it, no matter how you can, so that Star Citizen is still somehow impressive in this aspect. You try to say "well, it takes work to make everything custom!" - sure it does, but that doesn't change the fact that an amateur can create the same level of graphics. It's just not that impressive. It was 5 years ago. It's not today.
I have better things to do, than prove to random Redditors that Star Citizen graphics aren't super amazing? Let's be real here dude, no way I'm wasting 5 hours of my life, just to make a point about graphics to some basementdweller.
Much better question! I'm not horribly impressed by any graphics these days, to be honest. I'd say Battlefield 1 still holds the title of best looking game, but even that isn't mindblowing anymore.
Okidoki.
Then it's gotta be something on your end, because for me it works perfectly fine.
IdagLærteJeg at /r/Denmark VIRKELIG ikke kan li' Go' Morgen Danmark.
Det lærte jeg ikke meget af, udover at kvinden virker til at have nogen ret seriøse problemer...
Jeg er åbenbart den eneste herinde som ikke har noget problem med hvordan de håndterer det. Ikke overraskende, så har de fleste herinde ikke rigtig gidet at gribe fat i de dele af artiklen, som ikke direkte støtter deres argumenter. F.eks. &gt; Ifølge Ann Lykke Davidsen har Loud indgået en fuldt ud rimelig aftale med Sein, når de betaler ungdomsmediet knap trekvart million for at levere natradio hver dag fra 00-02 og derudover tre timers radio på Louds såkaldte talentbånd hver uge over et år. ”Vi har indgået en aftale med et selskab, der fungerer som en forening. De har en forretningsmodel, der fungerer hos dem, og sådan har de fungeret i flere år, og det er det, vi tapper ind i,” siger Ann Lykke Davidsen. Hun henviser til, at Sein i over to år har lavet medieindhold produceret af unge for unge – som udgangspunkt baseret på frivilligt arbejde.
**I en Instagram-konkurrence har den 23-årige blogger nemlig udloddet en valgfri skønhedsoperation på en klinik i Tyrkiet, hvor hun selv har fået lavet en 'brazilian butt lift'.** &gt; "*Reklamer, og især konkurrencer, er en særlig stærk måde at lokke svage sjæle til at gøre noget uden at overveje, hvilke risici der er forbundet med det. Det er ikke noget, vi skal lokkes til, det er noget, vi skal tale med en læge om"*, mener Vagn Jelsøe, der er vicedirektør i Forbrugerrådet Tænk. Han sammenligner forslaget med de eksisterende begrænsninger for tobaksreklamer - og snart kviklån - i det offentlige rum. *"Man har også vedtaget, at der kommer begrænsninger for kviklånsreklamer. Tingene bliver ikke forbudt, men der er grænser for, hvordan man skal lokke folk ud i noget, der er risici forbundet med,"* siger Vagn Jelsøe.
&gt; influencers reklamere målrettet mod børn istedet. Det er der faktisk allerede. Husker folk Lakserytteren, som netop var i nyhederne i en periode pga. netop dette?
Karikaturtegningerne er allerede igen ved at poppe op, så jeg tror at du bare skal gå i krig kære ven!
Hun kan jo kun anklages, hvis hun har løjet om noget. Så vidt jeg forstår, så er det ikke hvad der er sket, så den med at sagsøge den anden vej tror jeg ikke går.
Ret simpelt: hvis du arbejder med ufaglært arbejde, så bliver det svært for dig at tjene nok penge til at kunne bo i centrum. Du kommer bestemt ikke til at købe en lejlighed, og kan sandsynligvis heller ikke betale husleje for noget i centrum. Du kan dog nok godt finde noget i Østerbro/Nørrebro/Amagerbro/Vesterbro områderne, som stadig er meget centrale, dog ofte ikke helt så pæne kvarterer. Jeg ville anbefale at du ledte efter noget i storkøbenhavn, eller lige udenfor. Virum eller Lyngby f.eks., her kan du finde nogen bedre lejligheder der ikke koster så meget, og kan stadig relativt let komme ind til byen på 20min tid med tog. København er konsekvent sat som en af de dyreste byer i verden, så naturligvis bliver det svært at bo centralt hvis man ikke tjener en rigtig god løn.
Dane here. Came via "other discussions". There's several major facets of this that the article leaves out, one of which is that immigrants and refugees (specifically from the middle east and Africa) cause more violent crime than the rest of the population combined, even though they only make up around 10% of the population. Denmark is based on social cohesion. That everyone is "in it together", we're an incredibly homogenous society - which is the primary reason why we do so well in many areas. "Everyone is in it together". This is exactly why parallel society is a major problem for us, it fucks with the very foundation of what the country is built on. The area they mention interviewing people, strangely they don't mention the cases of randomly assaulting old people or women, they don't mention the cop cars being vandalized, they don't mention that firefighters are lured there and then attacked. The situation was different just 10 years ago, but at this point pretty much every single political party in Denmark agrees that we have serious issues with immigration not properly integrating into Danish society, one of the reasons being that they bunch together in groups of people that come from the same region or country. Most gangs and organized crime in Denmark is at this point also mostly immigrants or second generation immigrants - again, specifically from the Middle East and Africa. We don't have issues with people from the Philippines, Swedes, Americans, Japanese, the French, and so on. In fact, we can narrow it down to around 5 countries that account for the vast majority of immigrant crime in Denmark. We have data all the way back from 2002, that showed immigrants committing more crime - even when we factored in social services and age. For instance, men from Palestine commit more than twice the amount of crime than the rest of the male population (per capita, obviously). We literally never had a drive by shooting until around 15 years ago - and again, immigrant gangs fighting over drugs. These are also areas that cost the government huge amounts of money. People often forget that Denmark has this massive welfare system going, and when you have entire communities where living off social benefits is relatively normal, that's a problem. Now, you might be thinking "OK, but this sounds like a circular problem... immigrants arrive, don't feel part of the group, create their own group, Danes don't feel the immigrants integrate, shun them, new immigrants arrive, don't feel part of the group, etc. etc.". And you'd be right! That is largely the situation! Next up, you might think "OK, but shouldn't the Danish government be the adult here then, and be the one opening up and easing up on them?". Yes, we thought so too - which was largely how immigration was handled in the past. However, as second generation immigrants started growing up, it became apparent that our "let's be nice, I'm sure they'll happily integrate into society themselves" (Danes have a very "when in Rome, do as the Romans" attitude to visiting other countries) really didn't work. They weren't integrating well into society. It started coming out people had lived here for decades and still couldn't speak or read Danish. They didn't vote (around 80% of the Danish population votes). They commit considerably more crime. And the list goes on. In an effort to combat this, which we these days call "parallel societies" (since they often do not appear "Danish" in their culture), we have decided that areas with very many immigrants (50%+ - again, immigrants in total make up around 20% of the Danish population), AND low income, AND high crime, are areas we should demolish and rebuild, so as to essentially force people out into the rest of the society, where you are basically forced to integrate more.
Tak! :)
Det var lidt et sørgeligt grin du gav mig der.
Jeg er sjælendt inde på Facebook, men bruger det meget. I form af messenger, events, og lidt fødselsdage. Det er på det punkt super super praktisk. Og nej, som /u/footballfan123 ellers anbefaler, jeg prøver ikke at hive mine 600 kontakter over på en anden app.
Ville ønske jeg kunne gi' dig dem, men jeg forstod aldrig hvorfor det var jeg fik bøden. Han sagde at jeg havde det forkerter zoner, men at "du jo teknisk set har købt de rigtige zoner". Det gav meeeeeget lidt mening. "Du kan se, at den bare lyser gult, i stedet for rødt, så du skal bare skrive til dem bagefter" - jamen for satan, hvorfor får jeg så en bøde i første omgang? Jeg var sammen med en Amerikansk veninde der besøgte mig i et par dage, så det var ikke noget jeg havde lyst til at stå at bruge super lang tid på. Så jeg tog den, og tænkte "fino, jeg skriver, whatever", men jeg skulle stadig betale :-/
Jeg ved godt det lyder lidt langt ude, men den er altså god nok! Hans danske var heller ikke alt for godt, hvilket nok ikke hjalp på forklaring og samtale. Det var sgu' helt reelt back-and-forth som: "Du får en bøde fordi du ikke har de rigtige zone, du skulle have købt 4" "Jamen jeg kommer fra Charlottenlund, det er da 3 zoner?" "Ja, det er helt rigtigt, og det er derfor den også kun lyser gult". Vi stod og snakkede i måske 5 minutter? Jeg fattede det ik. Jeg skrev, og skulle altså ikke betale bøden, men skulle stadig betale et gebyr (mener 50kr).
Jeg kender ikke andre Philiper, så jeg kan ikke rigtig sige hverken eller :-/ Men far ville have kaldt mig Philippa hvis jeg var blevet pige, så jeg er pænt glad for at være født en fyr.
"Antallet af eksplosioner steg med 59 procent sidste år. Politiet opklarer de færreste." Det er sgu' også svært at regne ud hvorfor de lige pludselig er begyndt at få de problemer...........
uuuuh
&gt; Det er rigtigt, men hvis man skal noget vigtigt er man nødt til at gå efter et tog en eller to timer før. Ej men det er jo også sindsygt? Det kan da ikke være en undskyldning at sige "jamen hvis du skal noget vigtigt, så må du regne med at være der 1-2 timer før, ellers er det jo logisk at du måske bare kommer en time for sent". Det holder jo ikke, mand. &gt; Det kan man jo checke? Og hvorfor fuck have et anonymt? Hvordan skal man checke for regler, som man ikke ved eksisterer? Og... fordi de findes, og at han gerne ville have et?
The recommendational algorithm basically puts you in a group of people, who liked the same content as you. The more you watch and interact with YouTube, the more correct that box will tend to be. It then recommends you stuff that other people in that box also liked, which in your case was far right videos. You might not see it as related, but the algorithm does. It doesn't just randomly throw shit at you.
For real?
OK, look, but can we take a step back and finally be honest and say that yes, vaginas can be stretched? Like... obviously? Sure, after hours/days they'll pretty much "shrink back" back to how they were before, but this whole "vaginas are just the size they are, and you definitely can't feel anything different even if the girl has been using something massive" is just sort of cringy at this point. I remember there was this comic about a dude fucking his wife that was posted here. There's a black dude with this massive dong hiding in the closet or something, while the guy says something about how her vagina feels loser. Queue endless people saying that's not how vaginas work. But it is though. How little sexual experience do you have, to not realise this? About a month or two ago, I was fooling around with a chick, and we decided to use some of the toys I have, including a very big dildo. She went at it, and it looked super hot, I was a happy man. Went on to have sex right after, and it was the losest vagina I've ever fucked. As I said, it obviously doesn't just eternally stay like that, but to say vaginas are somehow immune to becoming loser is just as cringy as what the dude in the screenshot is saying. Also, to all the people saying "how exactly do people who think this think tampons and menstrual cups work?", come on, stop being silly. There's a difference between something being lose, and something just being an open gaping hole where everything just falls out of. No one is saying any of these crazy things, except for you, in the comments. EDIT: I knew ya'll was gonna downvote this to oblivion. I was hoping to adding in all the details would deter you from a just gut-reaction to "NO! BAD! VAGINA AMAZING!", but nope. Look, you're straight delusional if you think guys can't feel your vagina being stretched, or that it can be at all. It's a very very obvious feeling. And absolutely any woman who engages in gaping/dilation/large toys play, will know these things as facts. No, I'm not saing Mr. McBigDick in the screenshot has a dick that can necessarily do this (but hey, we don't know, motherfucker might be packing), but saying that it's not possible is just... it's just factually wrong? I don't even get why this is a point of debate, it's extremely easy to test.
YouTube puts you in a box with people who have watched and liked similar content to you, and then suggest you videos that other people in that group also liked. Basically.
I'm sorry that it annoys me, that people keep posting and upvoting frustratingly incorrect stuff. As I said, why is this debate even happening? It's super easy to test out yourself, and you'd find out. Why do ya'll exist that the vagina is this superhuman thing that just... doesn't work at all like the rest of the human body?
&gt; Yeah, the vagina can relax and stretch during sex That's not what I'm talking about. You can feel it for a while after as well. &gt; They think that having sex stretches a vagina permanently, and that's the misconception we're trying to fight, not what you're talking about. Which I A) specifically mention, and B) the post with the comic I'm referring to, was SPECIFICALLY that people here didn't believe that a vagina would feel loser, MOMENTS after having had intercourse with a much much larger penis or dildo. Which it most certainly does. Again, obviously. Fuck man, at this point I'm tempted to dig through this cesspool to find the original comic again, since apparently ya'll have the memory of a goldfish.
There's a woman with over 50 upvotes who agrees, in one of the replies. I hope you tell her the same thing :) Or is it that when a woman says it, it's not dumb? Or was it just dumb because you didn't like the sound of it?
I'm not talking about "woman that has just had sex has relaxed vagina". I'm saying that if a woman is penetrated by a very large penis, or very large dildo, any man can definitely feel a before/after difference in size for a while. As I said, from hours, to sometimes days, depending on what people were getting up to. I'm not saying that as a negative, I'm just saying it as a natural fact. It's just how bodies work. &gt; But also, in fairness to everyone downvoting you, I think you're missing that this whole "loose vs tight" thing goes well beyond like... It's not really my fault that people insist on reading a whole different context and meaning into what I wrote, instead of, you know, stick to what I actually wrote. Hell, there's a reply from just 20 minutes ago, that reads (direct quote) "I genuinely want to tackle the misconception you’re experiencing."
&gt; you’re misunderstanding the fundamental argument here. No, you're making up new points as you go along. A) I specifically say this in the post, that it's not "girl has sex many times, omg big vagina". I write that, but ya'll want to have an argument about something I didn't say. B) the comic I'm referring to, is specifically RIGHT AFTER (as in, interrupted) intercourse. The joke is that the dude she was fucking is hiding in the closet, because they were fucking as the husband came home. But the comments were the same on that one, "that's not how vaginas work". Yes it is, you delusional kiddos. &gt; It can be ‘tight’ enough for a tampon or ‘loose’ enough for a human baby, the point is that it never ‘wears out’ like old elastic. This is a direct quote from what I wrote: **"As I said, it obviously doesn't just eternally stay like that"** I don't know why you're explaining things to me, about things I never said, or outright stated I already agree with. It feels like you're looking for an argument you want to have, and you're twisting what I wrote to fit that. &gt; We’re not trying to argue that the vagina doesn’t situationally loosen, quite the opposite, Again, the comments I'm referring to, are stating EXACTLY that. Hell, you can have a look at some of the replies to this post as well, such as "you have no idea how dumb you sound right now". &gt; The man in the post is implying he is ruining vaginal tightness for other ‘smaller’ men with his massive member, which simply isn’t anatomically a thing. Does that make sense? Yes it makes sense, because I already wrote that in my original comment. Again, why are you insisting on arguing about points, where no one is disputing anything? &gt; Does that make sense? If I’m not making it clear enough, let me know because I genuinely want to tackle the misconception you’re experiencing. I'm not tackling any misconception. You've so far replied with A) things I didn't say, B) things I already said I agreed with, and made a point out of in my comment. I'm not referring to some theoretical thing. I'm saying "look, I've done this several times, you can definitely feel a difference". No matter how much you call that a misconception, you won't gaslight me into changing my own life experiences, so it fits the argument you want to have.
&gt; We’re arguing that a woman isn’t going to be “looser” for being sexually active. Which I mention in the very first comment... :(
&gt; At least I’d have a place to call my own I mean, you specifically wouldn't.
&gt; While this is true, part of the American Dream is being able to interact in a capitalist/consumerist society. All credit to those countries for being socialist Dude, all the Nordic countries are capatalistic economies. Not a single Socialist Nordic country exists.
I'm Danish. I have a friend in LA that I visit now and then. I remember she specifically told me "If you see someone get hurt, don't call an ambulance, you'll have to pay for it" - so, what, I'm supposed to stand there and watch a motherfucker die????
It makes me wonder if you watched the video at all, or just quickly skipped to a few points before commenting. Because he specifically addresses this like 20 seconds after doing the technique.
&gt; Combine it with smart phones and an advanced A.I., a technology experts agree is a mere 15yrs away, and you have as close to a utopian society as you're gonna get if we can all work together to educate people on why it's the ONLY long-term solution humanity has. And those that still oppose it...they gotta go. There's so much insanity to unpack in that sentence. How about you insist that smartphones are key to all this, but then just never mention why? The fact that you say "advanced A.I., a technology experts agree is a mere 15yrs away" - what is "advanced AI" exactly? And who are these "experts" that say that this "advanced AI" (that we still don't know what is) is 15 years away? And you still haven't said how any of this would fix anything? And then you finish it off with saying "and hey, if you're against us, you're getting murdered". No other group has ever pushed me harder towards the Right, than the American left, and the insane shit you guys say.
Gotta love how you're changing your statement. No, I probably don't know any country that doesn't have a single form of video surveilance anywhere in the country. Almost all countries have it on train and subway platforms, for instance. But that wasn't what you said. You said "surveillance lampposts", and no, tons of countries don't have those. Including my own, Denmark.
Unlikely. Pretty much everyone hates that, and some of the statements have been ridiculed on TV and other news outlets for months. We'll see I guess. Anyway, "might be moving in that direction" isn't the same as "has mass surveilance right now".
We're not focusing on North Koreas concentration camps and extreme human rights violations anymore?
Biggest laugh I've had in a while. Perfect timing.
If that's the point, then I'd like to add U.S.A. to that list.
Companies manage it in all other areas though... how do you think global campaigns work?
&gt; 30cm cock destroys tight pussy Holy Jesus Christ that poor girl, I don't think you realise how long 30cm is! That's like an entire lower arm, dude. "12 inch cock destroys tight pussy" - geez.
You say this as a joke, but seriously, that's what it is. It's infuriating how the younger American public don't seem to understand this. It's like nobody fucking realises, that for hundreds of years (perhaps even thousands), the young generation has always been the "revolutionaries" so to speak. But people are acting like this is the first young generation to go "Focus on the enviroment! War bad!" - seriously, it's like the calling card of turning 18, and has been for almost a hundred years.
Altså, der er ting jeg er enige i, og ting jeg er uenige i. Men overall synes jeg da han skriver nogen fornuftige nok ting? F.eks. omkring det med at mænd ikke er biologisk egnet, så er det skrevet i forhold til at mænd stort set altid har haft en forsørger rolle, og det har mænd muligvis haft i over 100.000 år. I det moderne samfund, som er radikalt ændret inden for de sidste 50 år, står mænd så tilbage og ikke helt ved hvad vi skal gøre nu, nu hvor vi ikke skal være forsørgerne længere. Det er vel helt fair at sige? EDIT: Smider også lige lidt mere af citatet ind, så folk kan se hvordan det egentlig blev brugt: &gt; Jeg mener lidt firkantet, at mænd ikke er nær så biologisk egnet til at indgå i et moderne samfund som kvinder. Vi er alt for aggressive og alt for ufølsomme! Det var hensigtmæssigt for mange hundrede år siden - men vores biologi kan slet ikke nå at udvikle sig i takt med civilisationen. Igen, det synes jeg da er en fair nok udtalelse. Som sagt er der også flere ting jeg er uenige med ham i (jeg er selv blevet opdraget "ridder", og kan ikke anbefale det!), men der er også flere som jeg er helt med på, f.eks. ovenstående bemærkning.
&gt; Hvad kan vi svare igen med? Tiananmen Square 4/6/1989 plejer at være hygge.
Nu er den en række år tilbage (3-5 år, tror jeg), og jeg kan ikke længere huske om jeg hørte om studiet i videoform, eller igennem en artikel - hvilket desvære gør det ret svært at finde igen. Men jeg er nu 99% sikker på, at man netop havde fulgt dem - det var også derfor man først nu kunne konkludere noget, da alle jo blev nød til at have et voksent liv først. Men igen, jeg har ingen kilde, så fair hvis du tænker "ej".
Ud med dig. MOOOODDDSSSS!
Chinas concentration camps "offends human conscience", fuck off.
The official Chinese response (from the Chinese embassador in Denmark), was that this drawing "offends human conscience". Let it sink in, that the country with literal concentration camps, are saying this drawing offends human conscience..... The country that does organ harvesting on its prisoners. The country with a Social Credit system, that can prevent you from using public transport if you criticise the government in a blog post. The country with massively censored internet. The country with a huge issue of buying young East-Asian women as wives. The country with mass public surveillance. The country that refuses to even play with the idea of an independent Hong Kong or Taiwan. THAT country is the one saying that this comic "offends human conscience". It's not even fucking offensive. It's literally just taking the Chinese flag, and adding little bacteria to it instead, to showcase that China is having an issue with a viral outbreak. It's not making fun or mocking anyone or anything. It's literally just a drawing that makes sense with the article. Both the cartoonist, the newspaper editor, as well as several people within the Danish government (including our Prime Minister) have refused to apologise, referencing free speech. This is a good quote, I think, from a Danish article today talking about the harsher stances that Chinese diplomats have taken in Europe recently: &gt; "In China, you don't consider whether it's a news agency or the government, that makes a drawing like this. It's just Denmark that's the sender, because that's how you look at things in a regime like China". Original Danish: &gt;“I Kina forholder man sig ikke til, om det er et medie eller regeringen, der laver sådan en tegning. Det er bare Danmark, der er afsender, for sådan oplever man tingene i et regime som Kina," siger hun. EDIT: Added more detail and updates.
&gt; but you'll struggle to make one that really will offend them. Someone posted the Swedish flag instead of the Danish one..... I can tell you, that really got my Turborg boiling!
The Chinese embassy in Denmark has called the drawing "offensive to human conscience". Coming from the country with mass surveillance, forced organ harvesting, and literal concentration camps. Okidoki.
&gt; “I Kina forholder man sig ikke til, om det er et medie eller regeringen, der laver sådan en tegning. Det er bare Danmark, der er afsender, for sådan oplever man tingene i et regime som Kina," siger hun. Pæn lille opsummering.
&gt; I'm just sitting here thinking how different the reception would've been if it was a Chinese paper publishing an image about a terror attack in Europe or a school shooting in the US. But hey, fuck China right. Who cares if it's in bad taste. The reaction would be that no one gives a shit. Literally. After the now-infamous Muhammed drawings a decade ago, a few countries decided to "show us just how bad it was and how hypocritical we really were", so to speak, by making an exhibition where they mocked the Holocaust and Jewish genocide. No. One. Gave. A. Shit. So few shits were given, that the vast majority of people have no idea it was even a "thing" anyone wanted to do at all. Mate we have satyrical drawings of our political leaders in gangbangs, do you really think we'll be offended by a Chinese drawing?
Nope? They actually get reprinted now and then!
... dude, no.
Jeg blev ret intereseret i hvad det var alt det der 5G snak gik ud på, men de videoer jeg så kunne ikke rigtig forklare deres holdninger. Det var altid "5G = rigtig rigtig skidt", men de kom aldrig ind på præcist HVORFOR det åbenbart var skidt. Det var sgu' spøjst, for selv grupper som Flat-Earth-Society har argumenter med sig - men nope, argumentet var vitterligt "5G bad".
To the people saying "It's not money, it's genetics, she hasn't had any plastic surgery done!" - please, it's definitely also money. Money to live a perfectly healthy lifestyle. Money to avoid daily stress and anxiety. Money to have a personal trainer to optimize your workout and keep you motivated. A personal chef to cook you consistently healthy and delicious food. A personal maid to clean your place, so you have time for all your leisure activities. Money for spas, facials, creams, and the list goes on and on. Is it also genetics? Of course it is. But it's most certainly also money.
Ah, så det er lidt sådan noget der har stået på et stykke tid eller hvad?
Ok ok, måske lidt aggresivt skrevet :)
Altså, nu var det ikke min "kilde" - min kilde er at jeg selv var et helt normalt voksent mennesker mens det hele skete, og fulgte derfor med i sagen. Og jeg ved derfor historien bag hvorfor det var tegningerne blev lavet. Linket var bare hvis man ville læse lidt ekstra. Det er nogen crazy replies du'.
&gt; - Så snart en mand forsøger at beskytte sin maskulinitet ved for eksempel at sige, at han er mere til andre kvinder end de nordiske, så bliver han udskammet af kvinder, der angriber ham og kalder ham et skvat. Det har jeg godt nok oplevet et par gange. Det skal siges at det kommer fra både mænd og kvinder. Jeg har opholdt mig meget i asien, og specielt Japan, og har et meget nært forhold til landet. Sjovt nok har det gjort at jeg har dated en del Japanske kvinder, og er gået hen og blevet ret glad for asiatiske kvinder helt generelt. Ikke noget ala "de SKAL bare komme fra asien" eller "er hun fra asien er alt andet ligegyldigt" - slet ikke. Men det er da nok til endeløse kommentarer fra alle andre. Nå ok, jeg kunne ikke med danske kvinder, eller hvad? Er det bare sådan en thai luder jeg gerne vil have? Jeg kan altså ikke håndterer en stærk dansk kvinde? Nå, jeg har altså *yellow feber*? Det er noget fetish noget, ikke, altså jeg må være små-pervers? Sågar så langt, at min egen far bad mig fjerne et billede på Facebook hvor han stod med min ekskæreste (hvor hun altså var iført en stor ulden sweater, og så ret så "normal" ud), fordi "dem han kendte ville tro han havde købt en luder". Tak far, altid hvad jeg gerne ville høre om min kæreste. Og ja, det har der bare været endeløst meget af. Det er noget et punkt, hvor jeg slet ikke taler om dem jeg dater længere, pånær med en enkelt ven. Det er simpelthen for træls at blive hakket på igen og igen, i et "åbent, internationalt, høfligt" land som Danmark, fordi jeg kommer sammen med en fra et andet land. Men som sagt, så kommer det lige så meget fra andre mænd, som det gør fra kvinder.
&gt; they seem to be under the impression that people on the left have the same cult like worship that they do I mean, right now it's not so bad, but say 6-8 years ago, even Scandinavia was at a point of "OK, the US left is getting pretty crazy..."
Altså, jo, den demonstration der her refereres til var 100% fredelig.
&gt; eller national eh... så hvis jeg siger "Svenskere er dumme", så mener du at jeg er racist? Du er med på at racisme har med race/etnicitet at gøre? Det er sgu' da fuldt ud legitimt at have fordomme begrundet på land - det er jo bygget på kultur, hvilket da helt bestemt siger noget om personerne fra det land. Grunden til at racisme er dumt, er fordi din hudfarve siger absolut intet om hvilken slags person du er, hvor du kommer fra, hvilken kultur du har, baggrund, etc.. &gt; Andre definitioner er ødelæggende for begrebet og indsatsen mod racismen. Jeg synes nok at det allerede er ødelæggende, når man siger racisme ikke behøver at have noget med race at gøre. Så er det jo "bare normal" diskrimination?
... nej? Altså, på alle fronter? Come on... For det første, så bare fordi begge dele er diskrimination, betyder ikke at begge dele så er det samme. Racisme = din race. For det andet, så siger den kultur du er vokset op i, jo enormt meget om hvilket slags menneske du er. Det er sgu da åbenlyst, og det har været oppe i endeløse debatter omkring integration uden at nogen begynder at betvivle det. Selvfølgelig siger den kultur du kommer fra noget om dig som person. Fucking, obviously. Om det så er OK at diskriminere på det grundlag, det er en anden diskussion. Men altså, A) din nationalitet siger noget om dig, og B) al diskrimination er ikke racisme. Det siger sgu' da sig selv.
&gt; Det har stået på i to år nu Eh, så vidt jeg ved har de koncentrationslejre været der i over et årti.
Det er også let nok at sige, når han ikke selv er den målgruppe som er udsat... Læs artiklen, det virker som om at alle konsekvenser der kan komme, er ham totalt fjern. Han ved de eksisterer, han er bare pænt ligeglad, udover selvfølgelig hvordan sorte har det i USA (og åbenbart al den hårde racisme de bliver udsat for i Danmark???). &gt; "Døden i dag er en risiko. Racisme i dag er en sikkerhed. Og JA, det er ufornuftigt at samles 15.000 mennesker i tre timer. JA! Corona blev spredt i går af unge mennesker, der kæmper for lige rettigheder, mens du sad og spiste bussemænd, der smagte af håndsprit. JA! Coronadød i Danmark efter demonstrationen er en større risiko. JA! Det er modsigende, at de samme mennesker, der råbte »hold afstand« i går, står sammen i dag.!
&gt; Vi har brugt 800 milliarder kroner på virussen, men hvor mange har vi brugt på at hjælpe folk, især sorte, fanget på samfundets bund? Altså, jeg tror da vi igennem de sidste 30-40 år har brugt tilsvarende penge, hvis ikke flere, på netop integration? På netop at hive "bunden af samfundet" med op? På dagpenge, ekstra ydelser, ekstra uddannelser, etc. etc.? Hvad fanden er det lige du ryger? Det er jo netop en af de største udgifter vi har i hele landet? Eller tæller det ikke, hvis det ikke direkte er rettet mod sorte? Det virker da ret racistisk...
&gt; Men når vi ser sådan noget som vi ser i USA, føles det langt tættere på, **da USA jo nærmest er grundtegningen for alle vestlige demokratier** Grækenland wants to say hi.
&gt; Vores lande er bygget op på samme kapitalistiske principper, med en meget ens grundlov. Ikke mere end så mange andre vestlige (og nu om dage ikke-vestlige) lande? Og vi kan da sagtens finde lande som ligner os betydeligt mere? &gt; Og vi ser en rigtig skæv fordeling af resurser og magt i begge lande Ikke på nogen reel sammenlignelig måde. Igen: har du været der, og set hvordan landet reelt hænger sammen? Hverken i realiteten, eller bare på dataen, ligner vi hinanden der. Vi er faktisk nogen af de lande der er mest forskellige.......... USA er helt i top, når det komme til om din indkomst afhænger af din fars indkomst, hvor Danmark sidder helt i bund i den anden ende, hvilket er et af de vigtigste key points man kigger på i income inequality. &gt; På mange måder er vi forskellige, men ved stort set alle deres problemer kan vi pege på et lignende i Danmark, dog sjældent er problemet lige så stort her... Altså, hvis størrelsen er ligegyldig, kan det samme vel siges om nærmest alle lande? Japan har også en stor gammel befolkning, det har Danmark også. Altså, skal vi så til at sammenligne Danmark og Japan? Ej, det giver ikke meget mening.
Jeg har egentlig lyst til bare at skrive noget andet, men så ville mods nok give mig et ban... Så lidt mere seriøst: det kan du da ikke mene? Danmark har nok verdens største velfærdsstat, og du står og siger at det er "ingenting"? Du mener ikke det har hjulpet dem i bunden? Nu spørger jeg igen: har du NOGENSINDE været i USA? Jeg kan FANDME love dig for, at de mennesker der er på bunden af samfundet der, ville være UENDELIGT mere lykkelige med det danske system. Der er jo kæmpe områder hvor det flyder med hjemløse, og af klassen der får danske hjemløse til at ligne nogen der sidder i luksusfælden. Og nej, i Danmark, så har folk det altså ikke "stadig af helvede til i underklassen". Har de det så godt som alle andre? Nej, ergo begrebet underklasse. Men det er jo ENDELØST bedre end stort set hvor som helst andet sted i verden. Det virker helt ekstremt ignorant det du skriver - har du overhovedet undersøgt noget af dette selv, eller skyder du bare "fakta" du har fra facebook videre? Det er jo nærmest grinagtigt.
&gt; Er det et retfærdigt samfund vi lever i? Er det et godt samfund for landets svageste? Er det et samfund hvor borgerne trives generelt? Ja, Ja, og Ja? Jeg tror du skal ud af dit eget ekkokammer, fætter. &gt; Der er ingen reel grund til at underklassen skal have det markant værre end de andre klasser. Det er bare noget vi på en eller anden måde er blevet enige om i samfundet! Hvordan mener du at resten af samfundet presser uretfærdige levehvilkår ned på underklassen? Og hvem er det du definerer som underklassen, i det hele taget?
For mange år siden var det ikke sådan. Amnesty var faktisk en rigtig flot organization, med rigtig stor respekt rundt omkring i verden. Det er virkeligt synd at de på nuværende tidspunkt er gået hen og blevet så, ja, skod som de er.
Det var da en fin måde ikke at svare på noget af det jeg spurgte dig om...
&gt; den tidligere videregående uddannelse jeg startede på oplevede jeg en ret seriøsaldersdiskrimination. Da jeg gik på kunstakademiet var gennemsnitsalderen omkring 25-30 år, og gik i klasse med en på 55. Der var ingen problemer. Det er nok noget du ikke har lyst til at høre, men jeg tror mere der er tale om dig selv og din attitude. Jeg har aldrig hørt at 32 på en eller anden måde skulle være "gammelt" på universitet. Selv da jeg tog ekstra matematik henover sommeren for at kunne komme ind på CBS, så sad der da også et par 40+ med i gruppen? Og igen, det var no problem. &gt; de medstuderende ikke ville være i gruppe med mig selvom jeg var klog. Altså, nu har du lavet 13 stavefejl i dit oplæg her - og her tæller manglen på versaler ikke engang med. Måske slå koldt vand i blodet. Det er flere steder vildt svært at læse hvad det er du prøver at sige, og det kunne jo evt. være det som de ikke synes om - eller en attitude der siger "jo jo, jeg laver tonsvis af sjuskefejl, men JEG ER KLOG!" - ofte ikke typen du har lyst til at have med i gruppen. Og ja, det er helt OK at lave fejl, men hvis man laver dem, så skal man lade være med at opføre sig som om man er Einstein. &gt; en for mænd gælder dernogle andre krav. og vi kan ikke alle være kommunalmedarbejdere eller rengøringsfolk. Jeg har ambitioner. Så må du jo arbejde for det. Det er sgu' ikke "andre krav". Du kan da sagtens være rengøringspersonale - det er bare at du ikke har lyst til det. Det har de andre der gør det sgu' generelt heller ikke, fætter. At du har ambitioner er ikke noget specielt. Det har langt størstedelen af mennesker. Vi arbejder alle på det. Vi arbejder alle for at nå i land. Og ja, det kræver da tid, sved og tåre - det ville næppe være nogen ambition, hvis målet var let at nå.
Agreed. I think language and general culture is by far the most important to most people. A) Do you speak Danish without a foreign accent? This is probably the hardest, but will do incredibly much. B) When talking, do you generally share Danish values and culture? If yes to both, I think most people you run into would consider you Danish.
That's always a possibility - so tell me! :)
&gt; I agree, but i think it’s interesting. Look at tomiki aikido, the sparring there id say would be good “offwork” for a bjj or judo person interested in a self defense aspect. That's how it's intended. Literally. Tomiki made Shodokan Aikido as an addon to Judo, and was himself a dedicated Judoka before going more into Aikido.
&gt; The style wouldn't work well in a ground-fighting situation. Roy Dean often talks about how he slips in Aikido joint locks in his BJJ rolling.
Jeg var i Hong Kong noget i retningen af 14 år siden, og husker helt bestemt den vilde luftforurening. Man lagde voldsomt mærke til det lige de første par timer man var der, men derefter vennede næsen og munden sig til det. Hvilket nærmest var mere klamt, fordi man stadig var bevidst om at det var super forurenet. Fik lidt voldsomt udslæt i ansigtet et par dage senere. Det, og så husker at man bare virkelig did not give a shit om hjemløse. Hold kæft de levede under kummerlige forhold. Men rigtig flotte museer, rigtig interessant liv i byen, og en heftigt natteliv. Skal bestemt ikke sige at jeg fortryder rejsen eller noget. Bringer bare lidt minder tilbage på den negative side, når man lige ser sådan et billede her.
Det er jo....... dybt pinligt. Altså at man siger at man ikke deler p.g.a. sikkerheds risiko, men så faktisk har overset et ekstremt basic område.
Den er jo til dels rigtig nok. Ingen mennesker eller dyr eller noget har en eller anden guddommelig ret til noget som helst. Vi er jo alle bare atomer smasket sammen der træller rundt. Vi har rettigheder, fordi vi sammen er blevet enige om at håndhæve dem for alle, fordi vi allesammen synes om at have dem. Men vi har dem kun fordi vi sammen er blevet enige om at have dem. I nogen tilfælde er de blevet givet frivilligt af den daværende "magt", i andre tilfælde har det krævet oprør og vold. Så jo, den holder i mange tilfælde. Folk har rettigheder, fordi nogen der havde magten, var venlige nok til at give dem. Men som sagt er der lige så mange, hvis ikke mange flere, tilfælde hvor rettigheder er noget som folket måtte kæmpe for. Men man har dem bestemt ikke "bare fordi". Man kunne godt lave et reelt studie ud af at undersøge hvilke grupper af mennesker, der på et tidspunkt har haft magten, men derefter frivilligt har givet rettigheder til deres "undersåtter". Derefter sammenligner mand med grupper der havde magten, men hvor det krævede voldelig oprør for at få samme rettigheder. Og hvis man så virkelig var den type, så kunne man så raceopdele det, og derved se hvilke racer der havde været "venligst". Jeg tror bare ikke at nogen mennesker med sund fornuft ville bruge tid på noget så uproduktivt som at undersøge det i detaljerne.
&gt; Det tyder altså mere på, at I ikke helt forstår hvor svært det er, at misbruge aggregeret teledata som det her. Det er jo overhovedet ikke pointen af artiklen? Pointen er at data er taget fra dig, uden at du har givet samtykke til det. At dem så bliver anonymiseret bagefter, det er egentlig uvæsentligt i debatten her. Dertil også at dataen KAN blive taget uden samtykke.
&gt; Det er meget trist at se fokus gå fra torturofre og menneskerettigheder til ny-moderne “feminisme”. Helt enig, og desværre noget som de har gjort i mange år nu - sådan et sted mellem 10-20 år siden at de ligesom "skiftede retning"? Så vidt jeg forstår er deres argument "det er for svært at indsamle information fra f.eks. Nord Korea, og vi kan ikke let komme til at ændre tingene i landet, derfor fokuserer vi på lande som vi har fri adgang til som f.eks. Danmark". Så er der også sådan noget pis med at min far røg på deres abonnement liste, og de nægtede at fjerne ham i næsten 5 år efter han opsage det. Uendelige emails og opkald om at han ikke længere ville have deres blade etc., men i årevis blev de bare ved med at sende. Det er synd, det plejede at være en organization med enormt meget respekt internationalt.
That depends on what exactly you mean with "we". In Europe it's been dropping solidly and steadily for over 3 months now. Have a look at the first graph here, for numbers of hospitalized in Denmark (first graph in the article, bottom two lines are intensive care and in respirators): https://www.berlingske.dk/samfund/epidemien-lader-fredag-til-at-have-naaet-et-stabilt-niveau-her-er EDIT: I pay for a subscription there, and only just now realised it's behind a payal. Anyway, it's going pretty good here.
:-)
He's 14, maybe take what he says with a grain of salt....
&gt; The EU is considering banning US citizens from visiting is just the same thing in reverse and if it happens unilaterally without US consultation, thats just payback Or it could be because it's a necessity, because we have Covid19 basically under control now (for instance, Denmark is now roughly 30 times under max capacity - we have room for roughly 1000 Covid19 patients, and we're currently at 34 hospitalized), and the US hasn't even begun a downwards curve yet.
HAH SÅDAN NOGET VILLE JEG DA ALDRIG FALDE FOR
&gt; Order of the Stick Wow, godt nok lang tid siden jeg sidst læste den!
&gt; I'm a psychology major as well and I see what your girlfriend is saying. However, she forgot to include one major aspect to this fact. Pedophiles like a lack of body hair all over the body, it's not just exclusive to the pubic region. Pedophiles like people who are not sexually matured yet. Why the fuck is everyone in this thread making it about body hair, just because this dudes girlfriend is a wacko?
*Nogensinde* ligefrem? Ret sikker på at der ikke blev de vilde fester under anden verdenskrig....
Nå ok, Mr. Random Redditor.
Nå ok, Mr. Random Redditor.
&gt; Jeg kan ikke rigtigt se, hvordan man kan sige, at det ikke er religiøst. Så har du da godt nok ikke gjort meget af en indsats, da det er blevet forklaret/diskuteret en hel del gange i den her tråd nu.
.... wut?
&gt; Kirkeklokker. Vil du seriøst sige til mig at der ikke er noget religiøst i det? Ja? Du lægger dig helt enormt meget i ordet og dets gamle betydning, og ikke så meget i hvordan kirkeklokker reelt bliver set på af langt størstedelen af befolkningen. Hvis man hedder Kristian er man så også Kristen?
&gt; Ser man alene på ikke-vestlige i den erhvervsaktive alder, koster de i gennemsnit statskassen 3,5 mia. Det er jo stadig et enormt underskud, selv når man vælger kun at kigge på dem der kunne arbejde? En milliard er altså pænt mange penge??
&gt; Coronakrisen kostede 200 milliarder, og vi er her altså stadig. Ja, og det omtales som et helt ekstremt økonomisk problem? Eller har du bare ikke fulgt med i nyhederne de sidste 3 måneder? Lidt underligt argument at komme med...
I once knew an Irish bartender in Tokyo, who was working there on a Working Holiday visa. Around 22 years old maybe? He really wanted to get in the military. One night, not even particularly drunk, he started blasting about how "rape was a legitimate weapon of war". The argument ended up going so far, that his boss had to go "ROB! Enough, man! You need to shut up now." Last I checked, he did end up in some kind of armed forces.
How in the fucking fuck so? It's not like the generals are on the front lines pillaging and raping. It's not like presidents are there with the troops doing it. And it's not like the troops want to actually get sent to war. So.... how, exactly?
Dear America: this started with Bush Junior, when he had endless fuckup speeches, said God spoke through him, press ops looking into closed binoculars.... oh, and lying about weapons of mass destruction to bring allies into a war so you could get oil contracts. Obama pushed a bit in the right direction, but he also bailed on a shitton of very important issues. You still have A FUCKING TORTURE CAMP. Trump is more like the icing on the shitcake, that was already full of shit. How you handled Corona is the extra springles of ineptitude put on top of it all. If you didn't realise shit was going this way, you've been sticking your head in the ground for a real long fucking time. EDIT: spelling
&gt; But the image of America as an ally and defender of Western values? Indeed. Trump made a huge amount of EU countries go from "The US would definitely back us, like we have previously backed them" to "Eh..... maybe we need that EU army anyway?".
Like lying to allies to get them to join your oil war? Yeah, very befitting........
&gt; But we've never thought that about you. That's not true. It's true in the last 10-20 years, maybe even 30, but historically America was extremely favored in Europe.
So I can't reply and call you out because it's 2 months old? Fuck off.
&gt; I was not talking about all sexual violence during a time of war. The fuck was this sentence all about then? &gt; It’s honestly a part of every war and it’s rarely talked about as a weapon of war.
You're surprised a Redditor doesn't understand how bars and casually talking shit works?
&gt; hvis man ikke kun kigger på Danmark. Men det er jo netop Danmark vi taler om.
Read how to how to fuck your tourist industry and limit your vacations in one easy step! EUROPEANS HATE THIS! AMERICA NUMBER 1!
&gt; We hear you, come over to Europe I mean I'd honestly rather have people from Japan, Hong Kong, and a handful of other countries. Besides, 95% of Americans won't meet the visa regulations for almost any of the EU countries, apart from vacation. Denmark has some of the strongest/harshest immigration laws on the planet.
You're about 4 years too late to join the refugee-bandwagon to Europe, I'm afraid.
Can't remember by name, but will try and dig up later after work - link might be in Danish though, and not as US centered as you'd like.
&gt; As much as we'd love to see the regime get toppled movie-style, it's probably not right for the US to barge in there like it owns the place. Eh, the reason no one does anything against NK is because Seoul would get shattered. NK has 24/7 weapons aimed just at fucking up Seoul if anyone attacks them. Sure, China is also a huge issue - but mostly it's that SK would get way more fucked than anyone else, and not surprisingly, they're not a fan of the idea.
Isn't that just an emo kid?
&gt; I keep hearing about all these people who think they're superior for using Reddit, but I've never seen them. Have a look in this post then :D I just jumped in, and there's a bunch, even in the most upvoted comments?
https://www.destinyrescue.org/us/
&gt; Europe Obama might have been loved "Loved" is probably a big word for it. "Well liked, a lot better than Bush!" is more like it. People were, rightfully, extremely disappointed when he decided not to close down Guantanamo. How the F is the US still standing around like a leader chastizing developing nations, when they have a fucking torture camp with no court or legal representation?
It recently dawned on me that a majority of Redditors (average age in census polls is usually early twenties) are too young to remember Bush Junior, at least in any real way. That guy was ridiculed globally for being a moron, and manufactured evidence to bring allies into a war for oil contracts. I feel like that's really when the image of the US started going down hard. Then Obama came, and everyone was more like "Oh, ok, he seems pretty reasonable, maybe heading in a better direction now". Then he didn't manage to accomplish all that much, fucked up a few situations, and then they wen't on to Trump. This shit has been building for decades.
I guess you're too young to remember Bush?
Not sure why this is that downvoted. Yes, there was definitely a period where the US was considered the defacto world leader.
&gt; Now it's just pity. That's actually not a bad way of describing it. I have a few (actual, real) friends in the US that I've known for a very long time now. It's never been awkward talking about your leaders, or saying someone was an idiot. But now... dude it's your entire country. The fuck? It's become increasingly evident your legal system is utter corrupt. Your police force is insane. You have rampant racism on all sides. You have a huge part of the population denying science. Your government is more torn up and split than ever. Rising inequality in income, from the nation already in the lead. And you elected a person to rule your country, that was considered so insanely inappropriate for this position, that Danish media didn't even bothered covering him for more than the first half because "he's obviously not going to win". Then he goes on to break treaties and agreements, piss on alliances that go back almost a hundred years, praise dictators, and commit obvious illegalities that no one is doing anything about. I don't even know what to say to them anymore, without just sounding like I'm racking on your country. Like... really, what? I can't just say "Your President is a moron" anymore - the problems have become massive in both size and numbers.
Right, OK. Europe is a continent with dozens of different nations. The EU is a trade collective with a majority of those countries. Those individual countries decide who to open up borders to. "Europe" isn't opening up to China. I don't even know which countries you're referring to.
... I do? It has nothing to do with what I wrote, or what I replied to? Do YOU know what the Schengen agreement is?
There's a YouTube video of this, if I remember correctly? If it's the one I'm thinking about, it's really not as impressive as it looks. As far as I remember, the younger dude was actually already in good shape if he didn't intentionally slouch and push out his stomach, and dad actually packed some muscle under the fat. Then there's the mother and sister that's not in this photo, but did it with them. I think their's were just sort of "meh" when you saw it in lighting and how they normally looked and such. I mean it was still really impressive, they all got great results out of it and were in much better shape, but it wasn't nearly to the crazy extent you would expect from these pictures. They also lived a pretty upper-class life if I'm not mistaken, but could totally be mixing up with someone else. EDIT: I can't find the video, but if you check this one out at the timemark, you'll see that a few days into their routine they stop intentionally looking chubby but pose like the final pic, and in just 10-20 days after they started their workout they're already looking pretty great with clear abs and such: https://youtu.be/fdAO81G3vJQ?t=165 Again, still well done, but in 6 months a lot can be done if you're already fairly fit and just mostly need to remove some outer fat layers.
That's not bowing, that's praying. You hold your hands to the side of your body when bowing in Japan, not in front of your face.
