Forgive my inability to search right now. What book zaps Cadia?
Wait, they shifted money in your accounts without your express authorization? That sounds incredibly illegal
I have a very loud, but very sweet, mutt. She had a tendency to hide under my bed while I was gone. She’d often stay there after I got home for a few minutes until lazily coming to see what was up. One day I didn’t lock my door when I ran to the store. Get home to caution tape x’d over my the door. Turns out some dude had been seen casing cars and trying doors, cops were called. They were looking for him when he ran out of my apartment with my dog chasing him. He apparently tried my door and went in, was in for a min or two. She came to check on things and went after him. I’ve had maintenance come into apartments unannounced while I was gone and have found her laying on the ground next to them while they worked. Told she’s the sweetest thing ever. I think that a dog who isn’t trained or encouraged to be aggressive towards folks will have a wildly varying reaction. Also they generally know who is up to no good.
That was the class action, right? Forgive my naivety but couldn’t you flat sue them for breach of...contract...trust...something like that?
I haven’t played in a while, is that a unique variant or something?
I travel a lot for work. I’ve had CSRs waive fees, gate agents rebook me for nothing, switched to other airlines for free, hotel vouchers, food vouchers, free time in the lounge of other airlines...generally treated well. One time my flight got cancelled, with an airline I have status for. I called the number to ask for compensation(I could drive). They offered me a bullshit amount of points which I called out, told I had to talk to a manager for anything more. Talked to the manager who was happy to provide me double the points, but “would I wait on hold for a minute”. It’s like a 12 minute wait, I’m on the bus to the rentals, alone, and she comes back saying “oh, your flight just came through as cancelled for weather. We aren’t going to provide anything.” I lost my shit. Have never flown United since. One of the shittiest, pettiest, moves I’ve ever had a company pull....and I had no recourse.
Can’t tell if you’re being a dick or making a joke
You’re literally the first person I’ve ever seen not say emails, Benghazi, or uranium.
100% this is the right answer.
This dude is the truth, and scary as fuck. I'm glad to see him getting some(more) exposure!
I see the follow up, and recognize the message you're providing.* With that said: the number of times I've said Ive found the issue and am waiting on QA signoff, only to have not either a) actually found the issue or b) fix it, is pretty much innumerable.
Why are you people so angry that a game is on sale? The sale is only to “vets” of the franchise....why does that upset y’all?
You realize that Christmas is like 3 weeks away, right. This is hardly a “just because” sale.
Because its probably a pain in the ass to code and they dont want to add it in?
I mean.....what? There is probably something under the hood that we dont know about that makes it a pain.
Why do you care?
Kind of? Why is historical accuracy your hard-on now? Why does it matter? It’s literally a video game, not a learning tool.
Lol
Isn’t that just about where the Wilco cutover is?
And the dumbest people I know judge them for acknowledging it.
I was thinking the same thing
I’d argue your username is an example of the immaturity at the heart of the “controversy”, but what do I know.
Them not responding is “fucking ridiculous”? Lol, ok
I’m sorry, you not being able to finish an assignment is “fucking broken”? Like, can you hear yourself?
Dunno who is praising it. But you really sound like a moron for shitting on it.
Have you ever played a single player game before? You’re almost always a one man army. Why is this the new go-to grope in this sub?
I guess....
At least in the states
Oh, man, the clans and civil war are *so* much better than the dark age stuff. If you only read some of the clan/CW I’d highly suggest reading all or most of it.
And you’d be wrong. You’re getting paid a salary for a job, not an hourly. An annual “we expect you to do this” salary.
That’s exactly what salaried means. If you don’t think the salary is fair compensation don’t work there.
That’s how it works? If you don’t feel like your compensation is in line with what’s asked....
That was pretty clearly him proposing something and asking for thoughts. Note the “?”
See California. There was a whole thing a few years ago about the power companies shunting it off into Arizona/Utah to charge more(which caused brownouts).
I guess. You’re just missing the point, it would appear.
No I’m not? A salary is for a job, or role, if your role/job requires you to have late, or early, calls....that’s your job. If you’re a developer working with an offshore team then part of your job is to have early/late calls. That’s what you’re being paid for. If you don’t think you’re being paid for that kind of thing you should find something else to do.
What a douche.
Yes.
I mean, it can be? Are you not even gonna try if you don’t think you’re getting paid for what’s asked of you? Are you not gonna try if you think you’re being taken advantage of
You didn’t “clearly imply” that at all. But that changes nothing about what I said. If you don’t think you’re being paid appropriately for what’s asked of you you have two choices: take it up with management, or leave. If the expectations are you do (x), and they don’t move, and you don’t think it appropriate......you leave
You won’t work for a NIH lab because there are, or could be, ridiculous things leveled at them legislatively?
Definitely needs some Tanith
Doesn’t that graphic show a 40k jump in peak viewers? Isn’t that outstanding?
Your response in no way addressed my point.
My personal theory is you aren’t a programmer.
Wow, you’re kind of a douche, huh
I guess. It’s indicatice that things grew despite the venue. I’d say you’re the shit for brains. In what universe does 25% growth not indicate some measure of success? With that being JUST the folks that are tracked.
Are you trying to explain percentages to me? Holy shit.
changing ttd is changing ttk.............................................what Edit: apparently a couple of y’all responding are ghosted, fyi
So...fixing ttd would be appropriate.
Man, you're projecting all kinds of stuff on me. Go white-knight somewhere else.
I've had a real job(s), and the only people who care about the irrelevant shit are the irrelevant ones. Some things just have to be dotted/crossed, but almost(besides the rule makers/monitors) noone actually cares about it. Go talk to a senior manager somewhere and see if they *actually* care about the HR department dinging you for a late timesheet, as an example.
Dude, thats crazy, I literally did the same thing. I was grinding and I just stopped and thought "why tf am I driving this ship I do NOT enjoy" while trying to get to one I MAY enjoy? F-it. Only gripe is its tier is garbage....but you can still make an impact, or be like the hand of god, depending on what you're up against.
It’s hilarious to me that that’s your perception. Your message was trash, particularly in the context of what you replied to. You’re misguided in your efforts and, ultimately, small in your mindset.
Am I? Is he? Is your reading comprehension poor?
Most of America that isnt one of the big cities or like 95% of the midwest. At 140k you're making more than double the average household income....thats pretty upper class.
I think you misread my comment.
Buying housing in 08-09 was an incredible move. Of course there was risk, but the likelihood of the market going tits up, forever, was soooooooooooo small
I exited NB I-35 at Cesar Chavez and was turning left to go downtown. I was astounded by the camp/# of homeless people roaming under the highway. I know that’s always been a bit of a popular area, but it was crazy.
No, acceptable and accept in that example are two entirely different words.
So you didn’t own it, don’t own it, and want to have your opinion taken on gameplay? Gtfo, Jesus Christ.
Accept means you agree to the terms and acceptable means agreeing to the terms falls within whatever parameters you are judging the terms by.
I’m not an accountant, but I’m pretty confident, if he could teach a kid in a couple of months what he does, he’s not a very good accountant.
I’m sorry, you not having premium ships is somehow other people’s responsibility? If you see someone with something you can’t afford in real life do you “report” them and ask they don’t rub salt in your wounds? What the fuck is wrong with you?
Yup, there’s always one at or around their shop.
That is a sexy ass watch
But your average teller will probably know how to count money, when they are interacting with a lot of people who have money.
Salt can actually counteract dehydration as it causes the body to retain water.
100% you do one of two things: 1) Oral fluids 2) Iv If you’re in a holding facility that’s expected to handle the people attempting to cross the border in a desert you sure as shit should have someone who knows how to administer IVs.
No, I said fluids. You don’t give them water. I said I’d think that administering an IV would be part of basic first aid if you work in the fucking desert. If they had emts on site why didn’t they give an IV? That’s pretty damning....
Balance/design decision wise they certainly made some blunders(understatement), but to say the games un-updated in its 5’ish years is patently incorrect.
Gaunts ghosts, for me, is a noticeable level higher/better than just about any other author I’ve read in the 40k verse.
I’ve read some ciaphas, it was actually amongst my first things to read in the universe. I need to go back and finish it all, it was actually funny...which I haven’t found much of.
It’s not wrong...we just have to look at it with perspective
Because costs skyrocketed....it’s a complex issue
[I mean, hes not wrong?](https://www.cbsnews.com/news/meet-the-18-companies-that-paid-no-taxes-over-8-years/) Did you think that sentence said no corporations pay taxes?
Cause the mp40 is the shit
Isnt the "campaign" just an open "procedural" world where you build up your company and fight it out? As in not an actual campaign?
I mean....yes, I do know what sales tax is. Are you clueless regarding companies paying $0 after profit taxes? If you do, and you act like that isnt a thing, you're full of shit.
&gt;Still, many people (in Williamson County) go out of their way to say they live here because it is not Austin, which generally has a reputation as Texas' most liberal city. Thats literally the reason everyone I personally know lives in RR.
You didnt realize WilCo/RR/GTown are where the white conservatives go? Are you sure you're from Austin?
Houses arent good investments? Are you retarded?
Cool story, douche bag.
Palmer has SO much room to expand, with the exception of the bridges, west of Mopac. With a median. I cant imagine why they would tollisize it, or how it would pass council.
To avoid 183? Or are you heading to apple? I live just south of Palmer and, though I don’t regularly travel it in rush hour, haven’t seen much issue besides mopac, and maybe McNeil. Have I missed the traffic? Is it as bad as 183 north at 5pm?
Why would they make money and operate if the government wasnt there and made it pointless to continue?
[Sure](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=p7w64fbqYQY)
Are you retarded, too? I’m saying houses are good investments
You need a government to ensure that there is an environment that allows for business transactions. Do you genuinely believe America would have successful businesses if the government didn’t exist?
You ignored my question. Do you think American business, lets say the Fortune 500, would be where it is today without the government?
Not that I don’t believe you, but is there a source I could read? The mw5 website is woefully sparse
&gt; Do you genuinely believe America would have successful businesses if the government didn’t exist? .......lmfao, no, idiot, you did not.
&gt;NOW you're specifying what you actually meant, corporations. Yeah, you know, businesses. The original question was "would have succesful businesses". How would we define success? Hm, well, we could talk about the 500 most successful businesses in the nation, that would make sense.
Man, I’d love a new generation tribes.
I used to live across bull creek from there. It was a wonderful bit of green space, shame it’s gone. That place is going to *fuck* bull creek up.
American wars in Yemen and Syria? I'm sorry, what?
I think you misread the question
You got a $78k bonus?
Maybe I missed it, but I thought I had seen bonus/comp numbers from all the big 4. Who are you with?
The goggles are for dirt, grit, dust, and all the other shit that is in the air. The sun part is just another feature, protecting your vision/ability to fight effectively is why you wear goggles.
I don’t think chemical attacks were used in the gulf war, but go ask those guys if they were issued MOPP gear
Oh, I see, I didn’t consider the different country. Stupidly figured it was everyone(my experience is CAN is included in NA).
a 70% bonus is nuts!
You can’t at kpmg
I 100% certain I cannot do that. I literally spoke to my MD about entering time for the holidays and he said “yeah, that’s the only time you can front load it”.
Pto/holidays(like the break) are literally the only time you can. The dude you responded to initially, who was talking about setting an alarm, was not talking about PTO. I don’t think anyone in good faith has been talking about PTO. The topic has been submitting time sheets, which you do 90% of the time not for PTO.
Texas
I think it’s more likely I know what I’ve done and haven’t done while currently in the system than you do.
Know when and how to counter punk-out, it’s learned. But if you’re getting thrown under the bus for something you aren’t associated with, and won’t make your teammates look bad, call them out.
Advisory - Fed Tech Enablement
Become a sys admin or work for/with the government, or both
Legacy is generally used to denote systems that have been around and/or aren’t actively being developed on(new functionality). But someone still has to support them.
It originated when a republican legislator renamed the fries in congressional cafeterias. Don’t blame all of us.
I think you summed it up pretty accurately, and exposed that mindset as still present. If the only two options are blind patriotism(read: “do whatever we say because it’s for America!”) or apathy, you’ve entirely missed the point.
I’ve never had a conservative Christian throw a bowl of food across the room because it had pork in it.
At the hospital I’ve had to wait, but never for my general practitioner(at least not more than 10 min)
I couldn’t imagine shooting a 30.06 indoors. Full disclosure: I hate indoor ranges
I game a lot, as in most days, and have had a Razer mouse for like 3 years with 0 issue.
Because everything else is good, lol.
The poor boy is also surprisingly good.
I’ve never been to a range that didn’t allow rifles. Off the top of my head I’ve only ever seen .50 not allowed(and then various ammunition types)
You can always tell who the douchebag at the field is by who has a fucking shield.
And the ones that say no absences will be excused may not make an exception.
Yeah a 10 mil fine in a tertiary market is going to decimate their sales, lol.
Unless he wanted to go anywhere between enfield and far west
No, it’s not. The loan forgiveness program has had horrible numbers forever. DeVos might be fucking with it, but it’s not like this is new.
No, it does not.
So...it’s 2018, right?
That’s sexy as hell. It’s too bad those TIEs are going to eviserate them
You are correct in the health/target part. My dog has huge ears that go up(think border collie but bigger) and has terrible issues with them bothering her. I would never consider clipping them, though.
Jesus, what are you hunting in? Knives? I’ve never seen a dog with a bloody tail in all the bramble and scrub I’ve been in.
I’ve been a basketball fan my entire life. Played through high school and then did coed stuff in college. Had season tickets for years, watched games all the time. I always academically knew how big and fast these guys are. One time I, long story short, got comp’d floor seats. It blew my mind how these giant ass dudes can move the way they do. It was so fast and so intense, even the “normal” speed stuff, that it really changed my perspective on how special these guys really are.
I feel the same way. I bought a home at 30 and did a tonnnnnnnn of research, so much of it is convuluted and confusing. Often the terms are simple to understand, but how they are actually enacted in the contracts is deliberately not clear, or legalese.
*adds to list*
Working from home changes your perspective on a lot of things. I’m a homebody these days, would much rather play video games or watch movies. But if you’re home 9-5 m-f you get fucking stir crazy. I had to get out and do *something*, for my sanity.
It was less of that and more of a need for new scenery
I’m going to go out on a limb and say that had little or no impact on the Kony movement going tits up.
I’m 6’3 and my knees are generally already touching the seat in front of me. 4 inches back and I’m literally getting the frame in my knees, if I’m lucky. If not it’s one of those plastic “shells” and I’m fucked from any movement back.
It’s more that people from Austin respect Austin more...
Ten years ago the green belt and parks weren’t as full of garbage?
Uh, that’s not how that happened.
For the light on the grip....else on the handstop
Idk, #1 in the draft probably solidified he’s better than you a long time ago.
That used to be called crest view center or station, can’t remember which
Nah, Ireland’s on the approved list. You’re good.
I’m in the same boat - blew my back out doing deadlifts, figured it was form. Some time later I started lifting again and got to the point I wanted to start deadlifts again. Got a trainer to check my form, watched a bunch of form videos, taking it super slow....fucked up my back again in a few weeks. Turns out my hips aren’t fucking even because of some physiological shit so one side of my body was doing the majority of the work. My doctor role me that If *anything* wasn’t perfect it would pull/pinch and I’d be crooked and hurting for a few weeks. I don’t do deadlifts anymore.
Only after I hurt myself the first time. I naively thought I could keep doing my workouts and that was a terrible idea. Generally speaking overhead press is one of my favorites and I haven’t really had an issue. Only real problems have been DL
I’d argue it makes less sense for implementation work to be done on site
The allegations were “sexual assault”, not rape. But there was an allegation, and some pretty questionable items that lined up with what he was accused of. No, you’re right, they can’t be proven. But it wasn’t just “fake news” and now, maybe, y’all are cool with that guy being on the Supreme Court. Kind of weird how shitty the downside is and how him not being on the court, and the arguably more qualified guy being there in his stead, doesn’t really have a downside. But here you are, tilting at windmills for your party.
I think you know I didn’t mean an accusation should be 100% at face value. I’d also say it’s pretty telling how [republicans rallied](https://m.imgur.com/t/reaction/uZ8pp) around a guy accused of sexual assault while being appointed to the *supreme court*. The “I LOVE BEER” outburst was what I was referring to.
I think it’s more “we want to vet the guy being appointed for life” and republicans saying “you have 5 days”, or whatever it was. This being AFTER blocking every appointment by Obama for yearsssssss. It’s such a transparent play it’s amazing to me people don’t see it for what it is.
“Too bad”? Suddenly you price entire classes out of eating meat? Lol, that isn’t a solution.
The only person saying anything about alcoholism is you. &gt; Well of course republicans rallied behind him. He's a nominee that was selected by a republican President. Both parties do the same stunts which is why we have to look at what's happening instead of taking what's put out on Fox News or CNN as truth. Uh, no, that’s not how that works for both sides. Remember Al Fraken resigning and being lambasted by his party? &gt;The media is slanted to the left (that's obvious) and the right has made a silent uprising in the podcast/long-form discussion videos on the internet (I think that's also obvious) and I think the right surprisingly took the upper hand as the younger generation would rather watch youtube than cable TV. I don’t agree with you about “the media” being slanted left, but don’t want to argue, unless by “left” you mean not Rush, Fox, or InfoWars. Also: Lol, the younger generation of voters went democrat by 18 points in 2016. I don’t know what universe you live in where young people are leaning republican. &gt; Idk if you're liberal, conservative or other but in my opinion we're all Americans. We just have a cultural problem with a pack mentality that obscures red flags and creates false ones. But.....as if I don't counter-point myself enough this mudslinging has been happening since a few presidential terms after the American revolution, so I'm not expecting a change soon. I mean...sure, but it’s been WAY worse in the past two presidencies than it was for 30 years before that. Obama was a Muslim, Kenyan, Antonio-Christ. Trump literally has people defending him when he “grabs them by the pussy”. One group is on an out and out white supremacist crazy train and the other is staying the course(for the most part). “Mudslinging” isn’t calling spades spades, it’s calling someone ineligible for being president because they “weren’t born here”, or just about any tweet Trump makes where he calls someone slow, failing, stupid, incapable, whatever.
K
Or raising the cost of ground beef that is way easier to feed your entire family with. Everything from beef isn’t a Big Mac. Not super clear how well feeding my family carrots vs beef would go... You also don’t get fat from eating meat, you get fat from eating unhealthy amounts of [whatever].
I more meant he sounded unhinged, and probably not great to put on the bench, when he was screaming his love for beer. If you genuinely think the “big 4”, if you will, is slanted significantly enough to mention i strongly disagree. I also think the *actual* slant is anything that people say leans right. Fox is so full of shit it’s insane. They literally aren’t a news agency. Use “&gt;”, without the quotes, and then whatever text you want in a block Eg “&gt;”this would show as a quote without the quotes &gt;this would show as a quote without the quotes
So, I don’t have an x anything, but I drive an ‘18 540 and recently had a similar issue. Talking to the guys in the shop, who have generally been level with me, there was some mistake in the design/motor for the grill. Replacing them *should* be a new design that rectifies the issue. Now...if that translates to the x3, I don’t know. I also don’t know if it’s true(been about a month, no issues). Just thought I’d throw it out there.
If I ate 5000 calories of red meat or carrots I’d get fat, full stop. Of course you can eat beans and eggplant and fight to get all the protein you need, or even take supplements, but that’s not what people have done for literally millennia(in the west) without necessity. This “solution” is forcing that necessity on people.
You know you come off as a pretentious twat, right? Like the cliche “holier than thou douche bag” stereotype. Just hope you’re aware of that.
I mean, if you want to eat a bunch of fucking beans.
Idk, they said mine was a different design they came up with because it was such a common problem. Hopefully it’s a long term fix.
Lol, the sitting president said there were good people with the white supremacists. There is no way you can see that, see him calling for a wall, calling for no immigration from like 9 Muslim countries, his general racism(Obama’s Kenyan) and think the people that voted that way aren’t a *little* racist. CNN/CNBC/Fox News != “big 4”. Obama wasn’t a commie dictator republicans *painted* that on him because they wanted to keep big pharma’s lobby money.
I mean, if you eat 5lbs of ground beef in one sitting you have problems that very few people could help you with... Yes, the point I’m making is an economics one. People would be priced out of being *able* to buy meat. Not that they wouldn’t want to. That isn’t, hypothetically, something you want to regulate. I.e you don’t want to force peoples actions by regulating/manipulating the market.
Beans are legumes, but thanks for being condescending.
I’d rather be microwaved than just a straight up potato.
So...I can eat rice and beans and seasoning for cheaper? Well...yeah. I was talking about for not sacrificing your enjoyment level. All of the folks I’m referring to try to eat well, they just don’t eat meat. Of course eating a pauper meal will be cheaper than almost anything else.
&gt; would force them That is what makes it different. Subsidies aren’t forcing anything. Changing the level of supply absolutely forces a change. It’s not the same, at all. “Well the market will adapt”...by people buying less meat because it’s more expensive. That’s not a solution because you’re forcing that choice on people.
It’s a lot of fucking beans to keep par..that’s not condescending.
Ok, so is it still a lot of beans, nuts, whatever, to eat to keep par? Pretty sure meat is higher in protein than the beans, or whatever legume you choose. Sure, you can do it but it’s not like it’s just a regular part of your diet. You have to try.
Yes, subsidies change prices but not in a particularly significant way. Changing supply dramatically changes prices. Imagine taxes on gas vs a hurricane hits and gas is in short supply.... I’m actually reasonably aware of the manipulation that *is* happening. I’m also aware of how supply impacts demand and the subsequent pricing. The landscape today does not force someone to buy meat from the store. People do that because it’s part of their diet and they enjoy it. There is literally nothing forcing someone to buy meat. Changing the supply of meat would raise prices in a way that would force people to not buy meat(or give up whatever). Those aren’t the same things.
I meant as a meat substitute
So the numbers I found didnt agree with yours for protein, but let’s say those are right. I need to go to three sources, or scale one/two up, in order to get the amount of protein I want/need? You don’t see that as having to make an effort to get there? If you *didnt* go out of your way to plan for it would you get your protein? Probably not. You can get an incentive to eat 72oz of steak because it’s a freakish act. That’s not a normal thing anyone does. My point was people eat meat, have ate meat, and probably will continue eating meat because it’s part our diet. Does it have to be? Maybe not. But that doesn’t change a whole lot.
I don’t mean taste. I mean it’s a lot of beans to eat. As in if you want the protein you need you need to eat a lot of beans vs meat.
Maybe I misunderstood, it’s late, what does sugar or carbohydrates have to do with plant food? My understanding is you want “complete” proteins which, amongst other things, beef is. Most plants are not.
🤷🏻‍♂️ my cousin, 5, “is a vegetarian”. His doctor has raised concerns about his diet and has him on supplements to get enough protein. Knowing his mother, and father, I think it’s next to impossible they were/are unaware of what he needs nutritionally(within reason). Leads me to think it’s not that easy.
Interestingly he wasn’t on trial. His fitness for the position was what was at question. That you’re defending him, still, is again pretty telling. There was another guy just before him that trump waffled on then went with Kavanaugh....
You mean not eat shit processed meat? Ok, I’m about that. Do you mean be poor af again and not be able to eat meat regularly? Nah, I’ll pass.
I’m actually really surprised the cops gave enough of a shit to not only go knock on her door but to pull tapes.
Oh, I thought you literally meant the plant “eating”(the food) sugar and carbs and that doesn’t make sense. So everything I’ve read says you want all the amino acids. To get them all with plants you would have to mix and match. With beef you get them all at once. I don’t understand why digesting/breaking them matters for this conversation. To put it another way I’d need to eat two sources of plant protein to get all 9....with beef 1; why would eating two sources that had say 6 and 3 be better than getting them all at once.
So, I wish you had broken that into chunks instead of a wall of text. I asserted that “sourcing beef ethically”, e.g. eliminating factory farming completely, would raise the price of meat to a point where “entire classes” of people wouldn’t be able to afford it. I did not assert people couldn’t get the protein intake I said it takes more effort. That hasn’t been refuted, at all. You’re talking about supplementing whatever you’re eating for a meal with a bunch of other stuff. That’s not difficult if you have the access to information, funds, and time to plan. I’d posit that’s not true for everyone or even most people. That you’re arguing “wel all you have to do is add these three additional things into your daily intake” is nothing is baffling, if anything is. My 5000 calorie position hasn’t been refuted by anyone. 5000 calories of anything make you fat, full stop. That’s true. There is no way around that. It’s not what you eat it’s how much(with caveats around macros) that make/keep you healthy. “WeLl BeEf HaS mOrE cAlOrIeS” isn’t a refutation in the least. I also like how my “baffling” comment on people eating meat lead to like two paragraphs of....nothing. People had to raise or kill their food? Certainly never sold that meat to people who didn’t, lol. All of your numbers were significantly off from what I saw. The “mixing” of foods is substantially different with meat. I could eat a serving of beef and a serving of chicken, which would be two meals, and be golden on protein intake. That flat out isn’t the case with a vegetarian diet unless you’re planning for it. The last part, aka “I hate BBQs” - k.
Ha, I most certainly don’t live in a bubble. When have you ever seen anyone but the republicans or worse say something like that? You legit haven’t. I’m genuinely curious what you mean by “...but holy shit the regressive left and the blatant misinformation and bad faith politics is just as bad, if not worse.” Both sides in this conversation are not the same. You talk about regression? From the left? Back to what, women in power, minorities treated equally, and the poor not being shit on? I think your perspective is inherently flawed if you believe any of what you’re actually saying. ....Woke pandering? JFC.
Uh, no, I am not. Food scarcity is certainly a thing but don’t act like you get big and strong being vegetarian without working to get what you need. People need protein. Vegetables have protein but not nearly in the same density. That’s not really a debatable topic. Id like to believe it was obvious I meant general size, not obesity.
No, no they are not. The overwhelming majority of my colleagues are Indian, from v. Rich to v poor, and all of them are doing well’ish-well now. I know a bunch of vegetarians and their families. That is simply not true. Again, genetics def plays a big role, but I’m arguing it’s because they aren’t getting what they need to be big.
I mean, protein is something you need to grow, right? Probably not a great thing to have to seek out that protein as a kid. I’m not putting any personal biases besides what I’ve observed and know and framing my position around it. There’s no personal beef I have against vegetarians, I’ve considered it myself. I just don’t really enjoy most vegetarian dishes. I definitely don’t sound like militant anything. I apparently Don’t agree with you and that’s...enough? I don’t know. I genuinely don’t know how to respond to identity as a meat eater. That’s one of the more ridiculous things I’ve seen in this thread.
I said nothing about being pissed off. I’m surprised they took the time. If you’ve ever interacted with the police over something “petty” it’s usually blown off for higher priority stuff. Don’t get all thin blue line on me.
I mean...you are substituting things for meat, right? Meat is a ubiquitous dish that is eaten by the majority of people in the world when available, barring religious reasons. Being an omnivore is the default, vegetarian is not. As I’ve said like a dozen times, you can get protein from plants but you have to run down getting everything you need. It’s not like 3 meals a day, unplanned, are enough(without coincidence)...I hope you can recognize or acknowledge that, at least. Meat is generally the star of the western diet, I have no idea why anyone would say meat is the rice of western culture. THAT indicates a skewed, or flat wrong, understanding. Dude, the history lesson is ridiculous. Animal husbandry and agriculture are literally the basis of human civilization. “People did what they had to to survive” yeah, no shit. People are meat when it was available because it’s good and nutritious. People ate exclusively vegetables when they had enough to not need to eat meat. Not the other way around. Malnutrition as in being small? Would that count?
A I suppose then you’re a little less on the right side of history than you think 🤷🏻‍♂️ Some nut jobs saying they don’t want free speech for some reason is *worse* than the president targeting news outlets he doesn’t like? That’s a fucked up position. You think that a college having events they want “poc only” is racist like white supremacists? That’s a fucked up position. The article about “fake news” is literally about people who aren’t news outlets creating shit for money. So woke pandering is not going on Fox News? I also think he said “get out of woke ville and go to mullet ville”....not exactly what you’re describing...
God, I stopped at the first sentence. You’re having to substitute something for your protein, or the star of the dish. If we are talking about queso and you’re eating lettuce, you’re right, that’s not a substitution. If we are talking about what MOST people eat, and what you have to have to have a healthy life(protein), then yes, you’re substituting something. If it’s eggplant lasagna then that’s a substitute. If you’re putting vegetables on rice then it’s substituting g meat. If you’re just eating vegetables then yes, you’re substituting meat somehow to get what you need. MOST vegetarians won’t get enough protein without deliberate effort.
And that’s probably ok for someone who isn’t going to be appointed for life to the Supreme Court. If he can’t handle that sort of thing *in public* while being questioned then I’m not convinced he is a good choice.
I just picked a sentence to read: &gt;If it’s eggplant lasagna then that’s a substitute. &gt;Traditionally western meat dish adapted to vegetarian. Fits my argument perfectly. That’s literally what I said. Have a good day, Jesus.
The new ones at 6? Gross.
I loved it because I’d ALWAYS try to circle, solo it would be frustrating af but if you got a squad, or even just teammates, who followed you it was so satisfying. It legit felt like you 3/4 folks could get that one or two kills that broke everything open. I had so much fun and frustration.
But better
You sound fun
I have laminate floors and hardwood stairs. The stairs are white pine and scratch a lottttttttt worse than the builder grade laminate the place came with.
Yeah, I’m aware. But the laminate holds up with 0 problem where the pine doesn’t. That was more for info than something like “DAE wood bad?”
Weren’t they Carbines? Everyone could use them if I’m remembering right.....at least in 4.
Man, where are project managers pulling 300k?
Where tf are engagement managers making 300k?
[idk](https://imgur.com/gallery/niVzCng)
K
I’ve been to El Salvador about a dozen times, and with locals, never saw a topped papusa. Seems like a good idea to me.
“DAE THINK HATING SOMETHING WITHOUT TEYING IT BAD” - you JFC
...why would looking through something affect your eyes
What the hell kind of “chili” doesn’t have meat in it
Yeah, that guy is just an asshole
Mental disorders don’t equate to incompetence but can disqualify you from high stress positions. Whether or not you think that’s fair is up to you, I’m just reporting the news.
I’m pretty sure the ADA wouldn’t cover an individual in a wheelchair needing to carry someone. I.e. reasonable accommodation only goes so far. Police officers usually require psych evals before they are selected for the academy. I’d imagine being a schizophrenic, or bi-polar, or any number of other mental illnesses, would get you disqualified and be in no way violating the ADA. Similarly ATCs have “personality assessments” and psych evals. Not violating the ADA. There’s all kinds of stuff that can disqualify you and those things are amongst them. Maybe they aren’t officially the cause, but that’s what it is 🤷🏻‍♂️
I bet you’re great at parties
I saw a hawk yesterday basically, only using a few flaps, hovering like that. He was about 30ish feet up scoping out a little field that I’m sure was full of goodies. Legit thought I had actually witnessed a glitch until he moved
Lol, you shouldn’t be peeking out in that garage.
I think the point was more that not a lot of good things are happening at 3am. That it’s likely disproportionately more dangerous(it’s dark, drunks, drugs).
~14% of American men are 6 feet or taller, drops to ~3% at 6’2. Id say most stuff isn’t built to accommodate though it’s much more manageable than the &lt;0.5% you’re facing.
Ya know, the tallest girl I ever dated was 5’9 or 5’10 and she was all about me. All the women taller never really gave me the time of day. Maybe I just suck and the tall women weren’t interested because of that? Maybe it was some kind of balancing of the universe? I have no idea but it was so pervasive and always bugged me.
I feel like you’d get axed immediately
As someone who travels for a living it baffles my mind you think you’re able to localize it to Austin.
Mine pretty darn close for 1400sf, too
Florida’s terrible, LA is terrible, Boston is terrible, Atlanta is terrible, NY is terrible................
If you spend ten grand on a more efficient AC unit you can use those saving on your mortgage....
And I strongly, strongly, disagree.
Nonono, obviously Austin drivers are the worse because they say so!
K2 is synthetic weed and he’s talking about hobos
But you’re far more likely to do it in one second than one minute lol
I don’t think you understand how time, or maybe numbers, works
How often was your daughter running around “large dogs” without you being there to keep her safe.....under 5? A relatively small dog can accidentally bump over a toddler, that’s not malice.
In 32 years I’ve never seen someone come to a complete stop to change lanes.
I guess I was going with the context of the video. I’ve never seen someone come to a full and complete stop to change lanes on a highway barring something like the exit onto 183n from i35 at rush hour. That sort of thing also isn’t in any way unique to Austin.
What
I more meant “you’re arguing a semantic over a minor technical point or a nefarious actor”, but that’s not how it’s being read.
This happens in America not at all infrequently.
I seriously doubt that was aimed for the head. They have a maximum range of like 100yds and are designed to be shot into the ground to bounce, not fly like a normal round.
How do you get from bison to tomol?
Not a whole lot changes
I’m sorry, did you miss the part where they thought they could get the gun from him while passed out? The dangerous situation is passing out with a gun in your lap. Full stop.
Yeah, totally safer letting him wake up and then start shooting at you. This is 100% on Willie.
There’s like a dozen journalists to the dudes left
Oh, so you’re cool being at that Taco Bell or being one of the cops and just waiting to see? “Hey, maybe he will just surrender! Maybe he will pop off 25 rounds and try to get away while under the influence! Who knows!” That’s an awfully dumb position to take.
Of what? Going for the gun? How you going to get him to go? By people who have the right to defend themselves? Oh...then he won’t be going to court because those folks don’t want to die. This dude played a stupid, stupid, game and paid for it with his life.
Why are you so cavalier with everyone within ~300 yards life? They were legit going to get the gun and arrest this guy, keeping him alive. He woke up and went for the gun, he lost his life. I don’t really know how you think letting someone SO HIGH THEY PASSED OUT IN A DRIVE THROUGH make life and death decisions for 6 officers, and whoever else was around, is a good idea. There also isn’t a brain cell in your body if you think “let’s wait for him to wake up and see what he does”, while he’s got a firearm in his lap, is at all the correct approach. If he woke up and killed someone driving by you’d be screaming about how worthless cops are. This isn’t a win situation if he has a gun and is non responsive. Taking the gun makes it way more of a win. Him going for it is a lose for someone and in this case it was him. Stupid games stupid prizes.
I’m gonna stop at the first sentence: there’s video of him going for the gun. Full stop. That’s enough for me 🤷‍♂️
What’s the other option? Do nothing until he wakes up and now you’ve got an armed, inebriated/high, person behind the wheel of a car? So the dude with an illegal firearm, facing definite dui, probably with drugs on him, maybe warrants, now gets to decide how this ends. The armed guy who probably isn’t thinking clearly gets to decide if he starts shooting, tries to drive off, whatever. Genius tactician you are.
[Have you seen the video?](https://www.theroot.com/bodycam-footage-shows-vallejo-police-shoot-willie-mccoy-1833688793)
So they tried to get the gun, then block him in, and in the process he woke up and went for a gun. Also, no, the video starts about ten minutes before the shooting and has like 6 cameras by the end of it.
And imagine how different the world would be.
They put him in a place where his options were don’t try to pick up a gun or die. He made the decisions to get to that point. The person responding to the issue, and to resolve it, isn’t responsible for how fucked up of a situation you created. If you’re in a life and death situation you don’t give inches. Unfortunately for willie he created one and had no idea until he was dead. If it’s sick to think he did this to himself then I’m sick.
How much higher of an escalation can it be from “guy has gun in his lap”? Not much, that’s why they responded the way they did.
Anybody know who the two big boys are?
Right, like active shooters, folks with guns or other weapons in public, people who are passed out at the wheel, all those normal, everyday, situations like this one. Police are definitely told to step back and see how things go. Jfc you’re out of touch. I’d ask how high you need to be to think koombaya is a good approach to armed people but I’m pretty sure this is a more baseline thought for you.
Because you’re realizing you’re so far out of touch/off base that you don’t want to continue? Or because I pointed that out to you?
It’s almost like they read an entirely different comment
Sometimes you do the qa you can an prioritize to meet a deadline. Not great, but that’s reality.
One minor point to keep people from knee jerking “an executable offense” is poorly worded. It is a situation where deadly force is authorized/legal.
I’m in SD right now, worth a visit?
No
Like in a straight savings account he would get like 80k on the low side, lol. He’s not broke
As a counter the only level 10s I knew who were OT eligible were in high skilled positions. The majority of the people I worked with were not.
Lol, imagine being this ready to jump in with your “insider” knowledge
I think they were saying their PCP should have done their job instead of needing PP, crusader.
“Direct insults” aren’t professional and shouldn’t happen but....really? Violence and death vs “there’s video of a cop insulting and the gov does nothing”?
Except in the case we are talking about it wasn’t.....
I’ve never heard someone from Texas refer to themselves as the west(outside of Wild West). I’ve lived there for 32 years.
“Manufacturing an assault rifle” sounds like BATF is going to put him away for a while...
Are SRMs still absolutely brutal?
Unfortunately that’s just what they decided to charge for the service. They actually did provide a service, they just threw out an astronomical number to either get negotiated “down” to a ridiculous number or have it rubber stamped. It’s garbage but it’s how the system works. What is absolutely NOT ok is that charge is getting thrown onto that poor woman. It’s astounding to me that until May they could present you with a paper to sign the day of the surgery, and you have to sign it to have surgery, that would open you up to out of network charges like this. That’s the part that’s terrifying. Organizations charging insurance fucky numbers is nothing new and happens everywhere from this shady group to more respected hospitals. How we have gotten, a long time ago I suppose, to the point of people getting these kinds of fucked up out of network charges is an absolute travesty.
For what it’s worth you’d have to try to break any of the tile I’ve ever had in kitchens, even with cats iron.
That’s the worst understanding of math I’ve ever seen
How are you going to have more calories in than out and also say they were healthier?
It’s not like they were body building
“On average they ate more calories and expenses less” ....I don’t think I’m misreading
It’s not like that system kicking in automatically crashes the plane
You go to hell
Man, if they are suddenly going to have to pay Austin taxes without the services that’s some bullshit. With that said I wouldn’t call the east side of Emma long park that far out there.
My dog loves it when I massage her legs. Especially after she’s had a day of play.
That’s the stupidest shit I’ve ever read. I was born in Texas more than 100 years after abolition. It’s not too late to fuck up my shit over something I never had a part in? Get the fuck out of here with your 12 year old ideas of reality.
Deal with what? Someone wiping out their wealth/property at a arbitrary point in time for something they had no part in? No, that’s not a thing black people deal with.
My dog is part boxer and her chest is extremely muscly/broad while her back half is more like a collie. She CAN swim but she will immediately sink head first if she isn’t focused on being above water.
Oof
This might be a dumb question, but here goes: you get the RD crates from the store and just open them? If you’re lucky you get a ship and if not you get the stones/crystals? Edit: I'm one of those chumps who bought, im sorry
I carry all of that, too. 🤷🏻‍♂️ Most of my colleagues who wear suits change when they land.
I used to fly around in a neut domi. Soooooo much fun.
I saw a guy get quick peeked by a molly, and die, like 25 minutes ago. Generic quick play checkpoint. Dude literally one stepped out, threw a molly in home boys face, and 180’d his hips back around the corner. Insta-dead.
Has to be young and dumb. The responses definitely trend towards immature.
Well, THQ going bankrupt didn’t help
You’ll sway but you won’t be doing a circle around the point you’re trying to aim at. So much of a circle you can sometimes no longer even see your target.
....South Africa and Cricket
He referenced South Africa in the comment you responded to 😂
Nitrogen, phosphorus, and potassium
My point was more that it’s such a edge case it wasn’t even in simulations....and the thousands of other flights didn’t crash. It was reported as a concern because folks weren’t expecting it but it didn’t cause a crash. 2 edge cases in such a relatively short period of time is definitely a terrible coincidence, at least from my understanding of what happened and why.
I’m impressed those sensors didn’t fail or have bad readings in any of the other few thousand flights. That there weren’t any other crashes makes me think that there’s more to this. If a system is literally “dive into the ground if sensor input is nothing” then there is a FAR larger problem at Boeing. I have a very hard time thinking it’s that simple and “dAe BoEiNg CoMpLeTeLy InCoMpEtEnT”
I skimmed that, tbh, but I do agree a sensor failing isn’t an edge case. So much so that I find it remarkably hard to believe that a sensor failing would trigger a plane to dive into the ground. I have a remarkably hard time believing any sw, aerospace, or whatever other engineers would allow that. The program managers, product owners, the FAA, legal, or any other group would sign on to a “dive into the ground on failure” system being implemented in the plane. The edge case I’m referring to is the exact circumstance that drove the planes into the ground because I don’t believe *just* a sensor failure was enough to get past that many people.
Learn to shoot offhanded. Game changer.
Lol, I stopped reading at the first paragraph. “Never tested”, lol.
I can switch hands faster and aim far more consistently/accurately with a more natural/unencumbered range of motion.
So brown people, got it.
That sounds like a list of things the super picky HoA enforcement officer would present.
Try rolling and leaving them “loose” and not smashed in there. Won’t be perfect but it will definitely ease your pain and may let you slide if you have a late morning.
Interestingly at my last firm Glassdoor was damn near dead on for everyone I knew. At my current firm it’s under by ~30%. Sometimes people just get paid less and report it 🤷🏻‍♂️
You’re also on a crazy train, so, it makes sense.
AE is pretty clueless at large, in my experience
“He didn’t write it, he translated it” 😂😂😂😂😂😂😂 omg, that’s amazing
You seem to have a fundamental misunderstanding of how soldiers were equipped and trained.
The US army trained in fighting a bayonet charge with a rifle with a technique still used today(pugil sticks). Nearly if not every infantryman was issued a knife or bayonet. If you’re rushed by a bayonet wielding person you’d shoot them else you redirect the bayonet and try to stab or bludgeon their face in. Shovels are great, pistols are great, but you have next to no idea what you’re talking about.
Lol “we state we are an offshoot of the Christian church like the other books from millennia ago, no one believes us because our founder is a con man from like 100 years ago. People currently alive remember this founding. We aren’t dumb, poor us”. JFC.
Bomb defusal of ww2 bombs just went to pretty high on my list of “fuck that” jobs
Client Account Lead, think partner
So, with the context given(I.e. removing my biases), you’d say it’s just a normal non-snake move?
What’s that from? Seems really familiar
Nah, I’m not too worked up. But I can certainly see how this client being quick on the shade trigger could hurt us in the long run. I’ll chat with my CAL and see what he thinks.
Looks more like a comp to me
What do you do for money in low sec? Your members?
Who tf said anything about worse?
Some, yeah, but quite a few have been hired in the past 1-2 years
Seriously though, this guy must live in the middle of Nebraska
The number of engagements you’re rolled off of isn’t super important(within reason) but why does matter. If you got rolled off for performance, as in that’s what they actually said or implied, that’s not great. If you got rolled off for work ramping down that’s not on you. If you want a good estimate of how you’re viewed at the firm ask your career coach, mentor, pml, or whoever else. They, at any reasonable firm, will talk you through where things are. Probably try to help you improve if that’s what is needed.
Yeah, totally a [witch-hunt](https://votesmart.org/candidate/political-courage-test/33428/aaron-schock/#.XRYV7SVOnDs). This dude voted against lgbtq rights and is into men. Maybe he shouldn’t have been outed but wtf is that?
Almost completely off topic(new guy): How are you tracking your damage or the damage of your pets?
You never saw those people stopped in a mile of bumper to bumper traffic on a raised highway? Yeah, you can’t go anywhere.
Pretty confident MLK wasn’t standing in the middle of a highway with the intention of stopping traffic and instead was marching...
Thanks!
100% that dude panic’d and just kept doing what he was doing. 0% chance he thought about insurance payout.
To be honest two to three a week consistently is a whole lot. But you also don’t have to go. I genuinely don’t think anyone’s going to be upset if you tell them you’re beat and want to head home early. Or just go for a few and show face then bounce.
Did he say he thought about insurance?
Yeah, fuck having parking when you need it!
Almost like going up requires engineering and much, much, more money!
Or using a slightly smaller area and infinitely more concrete, steel, wiring, and plastic! Costing way more! Being way more ugly! It’s like a lose lose lose, why wouldn’t we want be stupid instead of having a “heat island”?!?!?
Climate mindedness by using *substantially* more resources to remove surfaced area over a relatively small area that was formerly grassland? Yeah, that’s pretty stupid and seemingly just to be stupid.
Isn’t the entire point of pvp in this game to make your own content? What kind of pvp content do you want? Built in RvB or something?
Makes no mathematical sense? Lol FAR more resources used is demonstrable....far more money is demonstrable...the area that’s paved is demonstrable...that the area over used to be grassland(and not rainforest) is demonstrable...that this area is surrounded by grassland and low density,at best, housing is demonstrable...everything I said is pretty sensical...
Lol, urban planning AT AN AIRPORT? Like self contained within an airports grounds? You sound like an edgy 20 year old who smokes too much.
Is your boys rifle like a 28 inch barrel?
I’m about 100% sure the technology advantages held by Israel will only make them dunk the Arabic world even harder.
The US trashed the Iraqi army in days. Toppled the Talibans control in like a week. If you’re being genuine you know how bad the Us fucked up those “farmers” in Iraq. We also wouldn’t be talking an insurgency with Israel vs the “Arab world”.
Especially in the fastest paced century in human history.
What? You’re only allowed to kill because someone has already stabbed you?
No, they sent me a bill for 2.8k...in error. So someone or something is reviewing my taxes and then sending out “we will put a lien on your wages” letters to people who are absolutely not “big fish”.
Lol. This wasn’t an attack on civilians. “act of terrorism, terrorism, terrorist act. the calculated use of violence (or the threat of violence) against civilians in order to attain goals that are political or religious or ideological in nature”
Except the US wasn’t at war when Pearl Harbor was attacked...
No? That would be an act of war...
No, it’s an act of war. This is pretty clearly defined. Not really sure why you’re arguing with the definition of words.
I made it to Cal-P back in 1.6. I was probably at level there and did pretty well. Free ESEA, pugged/scrimmed with pros(via IRC). Solid ass player. I get fucking steamrolled in CSGO.
I wonder if anything technology related has changed in the last ten years 🤔
....and who do we blame the crime and violence on? The people breaking the law and doing bad shit or lawmakers?
And did the violence and organized criminal enterprises that was a hallmark of prohibition stop or shift to a new product? You’re entirely missing the point.
My girl does that but with only one arm. 100% of the time if you high-five her she slowly reels it back down.
The polls are absolutely representative of what’s going on on the ground. Yang isn’t even in the conversation.
The x-wing/tie-fighter series is absolutely incredible. It’s suppppppper dated these days, but still something special.
There are like 12 in the Austin area
Because they want the most people to enjoy the benefits of the patch?
Lol, you don’t know which part of town you were in when you found and took home a cat?
....because it probably wasn’t ready yet?
Because they wanted to roll it out before this weekend? I think it’s completely reasonable that they finished testing on a Friday, or were even supposed to deploy Thursday, and pushed it out on a Saturday. That shit happens allllllll the time.
Ok, let’s rephrase: in the past 25 years
Nothing in that article is in any way relevant to the comment I responded to or my response
[it’s happening](https://media1.giphy.com/media/TBIdgpDxfV9eM/giphy.gif?cid=19f5b51a6a522edca95cfc64f2334e58d1996e861d69aab5&amp;rid=giphy.gif)
He means the “socialism” that kept America afloat and effectively built the infrastructure that supported WW2. Leading to the massive prosperity being the only non-devastated power in the world. That’s literally history and it’s not biased.
[No, you moron, the other, super minor, stuff. Crack a book for fucks sake.](https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/New_Deal)
I said minor sarcastically, you moron. That you’re even taking the position you are shows how uneducated you are on the topic. Our GDP wasn’t even in the trillions in the *40s*. Go crack a book and let the adults have the room.
Yeah, well, it’s generally a sign of mental illness when you think education is against truth. But, hey, maybe you’re right. The entirety of the world is conspiring to keep us stupid via books but YOU are the guy who’s figured it out.
So....there is a manufacturing cost(wages) and a distribution cost(infra)? Lol.
Does your laptop not have speakers?
I graduated may of 16 and they were working on it
When school is in session it’s a zoo, but yes, it’s publicly accessible
6’3 and broad shouldered, too. The struggle is real.
I wonder if they have done the math on making money vs not making money 🙄
183 from 71 to bluestein’ish is supposed to be done in a month or two. They have asphalt down down south of the river as of Friday.
April ‘16
Nothing, dudes got an agenda and is trying to shoehorn it in here.
Isn’t the article about a bunch of kids going outside expressly to fight?
Yeah - the direct correlation from school punishments to school shootings 🙄.
You’re an idiot.
I mean, I can make up scenarios too? Let’s see if poor innocent billy gets arrested today.
Jump a kid? No, that’s not what he “threatened to do”.
Lol, nah
The guy who completely missed the purpose of my first comment is talking about reading comprehension 😂
The saints are usually pretty feminine and badass
Lol, are you dense?
What range allowed that? I’ve never been to a range that did
Sick. How big is it? Also, can I be your cousin?
Oh, shit, I didn’t even catch that. That’s big! That’s so awesome!
Fists, bats/sticks, knives....there are lots of weapons that aren’t firearms.
If you lived somewhere like crestview or allendale/rose dale it would kind of be split the difference. Like 10 minutes either way.
As soon as he went outside he nearly insta-died
Killing the enemy capping vs running out into your death is also PLAYING THE OBJECTIVE. Lol.
....I know medicine was far less advanced but the flu killed 75 million people ~100 years ago, a few million mid century and then a couple hundred thousand in the late 2000s. I think it’s pretty reasonable to be concerned.
I loved rouge squadron, personally.
Yeah...it’s usually superrrrr dense
That literally happens in every city 😂
That’s a 13.5? Are you just pretty small or what? That looks like a 24 inch barrel?
I’ve been playing it almost exclusively for about two weeks and haven’t completed one of the story lines yet. I’m not “power gaming” through it, ie doing the “side” story stuff, but I’m not taking my time either.
[This guy](https://imgur.com/gallery/zKhVVZE) is outside of nearly every business in Central America. A BUILDING having armed security is pretty normal. At a bakery it is not.
Via magic or.....
And I don’t think anyone being reasonable believes it’s weird to have guards at buildings....we are talking about a bakery/beer garden.
*the IRS has entered the chat*
This guy is right that they will 100% transfer you to 911
Lol, the death penalty isn’t a deterrent? Are you kidding? That’s like half the argument for it.
409k*
311 will transfer you to 911 for just about anything beyond simply informational things. Source - big see something say something guy
Do...do you think SWAT wasn’t used to raid drug houses in the 80s and 90s?
Force projection is a real thing.
I mean, if someone sinks an aircraft carrier we will be at war. Those things would take a *lot* to kill.
183 is getting a MASSIVE overhaul that’s scheduled to be done in a couple months.
I mean, diesel subs have been around since world war 2. They aren’t generally considered “blue water” boats. Setting up a situation where a diesel sub, which can run silently on batteries, is sitting in harbor isn’t really representative of their actual capabilities.
“He’s selfish for using his light because it bothered *me*!” - completely tone deaf guy
Airport haven was the shit!
Give it to op
Counter Strike, a game where sound is incredibly important, professionals use in-ear headphones under soundproof over-ears at the majors. If it’s good enough for them it’s good enough for anything this sub would need.
Snapshooting airsofters is soooooo much easier.
The goddamn Buddhists next door have been doing shit all night/day
Because banging drums for hours and singing doesn’t seem like a lot of fun to me.
Lol, at the “protests” in Gaza at the fence? You mean when hamas brought women and children to a WILD ass “protest” where they were rushing a border fence, rolling burning tires at the fence, throwing Molotovs and rocks at Israeli soldiers?
Doing shit that will get you shot is generally a good way to get killed if the other side holds the advantage of being able to shoot you.
Reminds me of the guy from Game of Thrones that was in love with Dany. The younger one.
I was pretty adamantly anti-gun until a guy tried to kick in my door in the middle of the night. Had my gf locked in a bedroom thinking how much I didn’t want to have to pocket-knife fight with whoever was about to get through my door. So...yeah. May be unlikely but it can happen at random, or random enough you weren’t aware you’re targeted.
Yes they will. There was a case, if I recall correctly, out of Mass. where someone was charged for manslaughter because they had the option to jump out of a second story window instead of shoot.
Idk, I’ve found peasants eyes are just sensitive
I have a fair number of people that travel down to Austin for work and if they talk about Rainey I always tell them they have to go to VIA. Probably the best pizza I’ve ever eaten.
I didn’t know about East 6th but I lived not far from the spot on Guad - def ate there more than I should have.
Remember when they said that Obama also couldn’t appoint a justice because the elections were coming up? Insanity.
Where is this $28 figure coming from? There is no part of I35 that’s a toll road in Austin.
Glad someone beat me to it. Besides a freak(or very close) scenario a paintball isn’t going to take a chunk out of someone’s face
Man, you suck.
Is Omaha a state that requires retreat?
Center mass in this context did not originate with the police.
They said they didn’t need more evidence or witnesses because it was obvious he had done it. They moved the goalposts and said what he did didn’t warrant removal.
You can’t claim moral outrage for a kid being pepper sprayed, because they are a kid, if you take a kid to a place where you know there is a good chance you’re going to get pepper sprayed.
I know people are getting pepper sprayed at protests I take kid to protest Kid gets pepper sprayed “Can you believe they would pepper spray a kid?!?” *shocked pikachu*
But a woman who chose to walk down the street getting raped is the same as a parent bringing their kid to a protest. Holy shit. Your mentality is actually scary and so wrong I’m not sure where to begin.
I don’t really know how it’s boot licking to point out a kid at a protest is a dumb ass idea that can lead to bad outcomes. That then being outraged over the bad outcome is disingenuous at best 🤷🏻‍♂️
She has almost 41m followers on Instagram....so.....probably.
Or maybe teach parents to not put their kids in situations that could cause them harm. Doesn’t matter if the police are in the wrong, the parent brought the kid there.
“That car shouldn’t be on my side of the road, I’m just going to keep driving straight because *I’m* right!”
Making it about women getting raped vs parents being stupid with their kids, again.
In the building?
....that dude dropped like a rock with two dozen people around him. But he crawled outside or something? This is outrage to be outraged.
Is “outside the shop” the “street”? This dude got shot shooting out of his shop....I’m not super concerned about how long his body was anywhere. BUT to your point I would presume it was because going to get it was unsafe. As evidenced by a guy shooting out of a bbq joint at police at midnight.
Boot licking to call a spade a spade, lol. There is so much to be mad about and you’re going with the guy who got shot after literally shooting at the police. That his body wasn’t picked up quick enough. Man, your priorities are fucked up.
Unfortunately that is almost certainly going to be much, much, worse for you. Either way. It’s a damned if you do damned if you don’t kind of thing.
The kid from SM got hit with a bean bag, didn’t he?
I mean...sure, I suppose “bean bag” wasn’t accurate. Next time I’ll say “bag” when I’m trying to differentiate between rubber bullets and bags.
I haven’t seen that, where is that sourced from?
Dude I’m from Texas where it’s 105 in the shade, for months. I’ve never seen a shoe melt in my life.
I’m not sure what exactly you think is special about the “headphones” at gun ranges but a not insubstantial number of people go shooting using ear plugs...
Idk, the com tacs I own don’t work any differently than ear plugs insofar as keeping out sound. They just have an auto-off and microphone. I actually prefer plugs most of the time if I’m not needing to carry conversations. I’m actually pretty sure the inverse is true re: low frequency stuff(i.e. lrad)
“Extremely adequate” 😂
It’s weird that myth is in literally every single thing I’ve read about the Sherman. The Sherman was outclassed by nearly everything on the battlefield(of a comparable class). It was mass producible and fast. That’s about the start and stop of why it was successful - it worked but it was not a “good” tank.
ITALIAN light tanks? That’s the bar you’re using? “Rare” instances of tank on tank? It got absolutely destroyed, in droves, by the tigers and panthers. Much less panzer ivs. It’s incredible you’re so out of touch that you can’t imagine the tank America threw at europe was inferior. The whole plan was drown it in tanks, material, and manpower. That worked. The tank was inferior. That genuinely isn’t up for debate, it’s written in history.
Inversely I’ve had them arrest a peeping Tom before 🤷🏻‍♂️
Weird that it suddenly isn’t.
Autopulse is love, autopulse is life.
Lol, I found my first one on my current play through and I’m probably in a similar boat re: time.
All I’ll say is Astrals + broadsword + daggers and longbow deleted everything but capitals. With a dedicated “fu” astral, and something beefy to tank, you’re almost unstoppable until they have so many they just spill around into flanks.
We don’t really know if he was running away or not(when he was shot) from the video.
That’s a pretty fucking big 9 years, lol. [For example](https://gpu.userbenchmark.com/Compare/Nvidia-RTX-2080-vs-Nvidia-GeForce-GTX-590-SLI-Disabled/4026vsm8041)
I mean, hardware drives better graphics. They could make the exact same game and it would look better. That’s....not really debateable, lol.
And you are frothing at the mouth about people wanting a game they *loved* brought into 2020(21). Just don’t buy it, Jesus.
Well, shit
Police officers, in Atlanta, got fired for using tasesrs as they could have killed someone like a week ago.
That lethal force was justified?
Someone is fighting with you, piss drunk, takes a taser off of you and tries to use it....what happens if it deploys and you’re incapacitated? They just....stop being a threat?
Uh, attempting to use a taser on a cop gets you shot. How you can possibly try to decouple those two events is absolutely insane and out of touch with reality.
Lol, call for help? The first officer actually did call for help. The guy was compliant until he was getting cuffed. This all went to shit in like 60 seconds. Now, in your world, we just let him go after he threatened us with a weapon. Call for help and hope he doesn’t get away, because of course we aren’t pursuing. We will just politely go by tomorrow morning and see if he is home, if not it’s no biggie. Someone who has proven willing to fight the police, knowing what that means, took a weapon off of them and then tried to use it on them is a threat that should certainly not be allowed to roam the neighborhood.
Yeah...that’s not at all a similar situation. I’d also point out that I’m pretty sure that guy just won a wrongful termination suit, justifiably.
Or maybe you should recognize a violent felon incapacitating an armed officer devolves into a much worse situation, very quickly.
I care more about the communities safety at large. The crime of drunk driving is something you should be arrested for. Fighting the cops is something you likely will get beat up or hurt for. Taking a taser and trying to use it on a cop is likely going to get you shot. I care very little about a citizen willing to fight or to use a taser on a cop. I care much more about the person willing to do that going into the neighborhood. If this same guy carjacked someone with the taser then killed someone driving drunk you’d be up in arms about something else. That’s exactly WHY the police pursue. That’s exactly WHY they don’t let people take their tools and then run off into the community.
...what? Would you have preferred me to say?
Those tasers have a contact capability. [turned to use the taser on cop, got shot. oh the militarized policing ](https://nypost.com/2020/06/13/atlanta-police-chief-resigns-after-cops-fatally-shoot-black-man/)
Being taxed? Tf?
[Oh, so here, looked like he was trying to use another option when the guy he was chasing turned to shoot him with the taser. ](https://nypost.com/2020/06/13/atlanta-police-chief-resigns-after-cops-fatally-shoot-black-man/)
Did...did you not watch any videos? He is literally punching and wresting with two cops? One tries to deploy a taser and he grabs it. He was totally compliant until the cuffs went on and he realized he was going back to jail for violating probation. [Here is the moment he got shot. Tell me what the cop,who was actively trying to tase him, should have done differently when the guy turns to shoot him with the stolen one?](https://nypost.com/2020/06/13/atlanta-police-chief-resigns-after-cops-fatally-shoot-black-man/)
Oh, wait, aren’t you the guy that said they shouldn’t pursue at all? But now tase them? The cop was trying....then the dude shot a taser at him and he was killed. Stupid games stupid prizes.
Lol, the use of force guidelines aren’t subtle and that’s for good reason.
[turns to shoot taser at cop, gets shot. “summary execution”](https://nypost.com/2020/06/13/atlanta-police-chief-resigns-after-cops-fatally-shoot-black-man/)
[you can literally watch him turn to shoot the taser at cops when he’s shot](https://nypost.com/2020/06/13/atlanta-police-chief-resigns-after-cops-fatally-shoot-black-man/)
Please don’t ever be in a situation where someone can tase you and take your gun.
There is literally video evidence that supports my position in concordance with the use of force guidelines, but ok. Feels over reals.
I absolutely think a frat kid who just fought the police and stole a taser then turned to shoot them with it would shot by police. I would have the same position I’m currently holding. [“just for possessing it”](https://nypost.com/2020/06/13/atlanta-police-chief-resigns-after-cops-fatally-shoot-black-man/)
The use of a taser to immobilize an armed officer would be sufficient to meet the use of deadly force. The use of a taser to immobilize a non-compliant citizen would not. Directly to your point tasers fall a tier under “lethal force” when used by police officers.
You don’t just let yourself get taser because someone else is around, wtf. The rules don’t suddenly change.
You realize everything was cool until he was getting put into cuffs and he started fighting the cops, right? At that point it’s no longer about the traffic stop. His actions from the point of aggression to getting shot were him being an active violent suspect who was attempting to tase an officer. Calling this an execution is ridiculous. Go watch the video I’ve posted like a dozen times. He literally turns to shoot the officer with a taser when he gets shot.
Are you high rn?
Had he not used the taser on police he likely would have been apprehended “safely”. But you don’t know that. There are literally hundreds of examples of people running from the police carjacking people. This dude is piss drunk. Shooting a taser at an officer after you’ve proven you’re willing to be violent is an escalation, 100%.
“Shot in the back by a pussy”, lol. That’s the most 19 and still angsty thing I’ve ever seen. Cops don’t have an obligation to let you hurt them so they don’t hurt you.
Lol, so they would have just had a fist fight when he decided he wasn’t going to be arrested. It’s totally the cops fault not the guy that initiated the negativity in the interaction, stole a tool/weapon/whatever, then tried to use it on the police. Totes not that guys fault
They didn’t shoot him when he was punching them. They didn’t shoot him when he was just running. They shot him when he turned to use the taser on them. You can literally watch a video of it. Making these weird “death sentence” arguments is dumb. If you do something get shot able and then get shot it shouldn’t be a surprise to anyone. Or did you think tasing the police was a totally fine thing to do?
Lol, so trying to hurt is cool now if you weren’t successful? Man, you just keep bending over backwards.
Please explain what I’ve misunderstood.
If it’s Brook’s fault he’s dead I’m not sure how that’s an example of the system failing him. 100% had he not fought the cops he’d be alive. We can be pretty damn confident if he hadn’t stolen the taser he’d be alive. We can be pretty sure if he hadn’t turned to shoot the cop with the taser he’d be alive.
Lol, typically those carry a charge + a backup. They also have a contact capability(ie like a stun gun) after the charges have been deployed. This guy got shot more or less as he turned to shoot it. Watch the video. Like....there is a video.
I think you’re downplaying his actions in order to be outraged about a black man who got shot.
He was on the ground *maybe* a step after the taser went off. The cop was drawing his weapon as the guy turned.
The imminent threat was when he ended up with a taser and turned to shoot the officer with it. The fact he was fleeing has no bearing on him being a threat...as in just because I’m moving away from you doesn’t mean the thing I’m trying to shoot you with is less dangerous.
Lol, he had a taser he tried to shoot the officer with, but ok.
Lol, yes it is. I’m pretty sure nothing in that statute qualifies what a significant threat of death or serious injury is. As in it doesn’t disqualify “except if it’s a taser, lmao”. Is getting tased while you’re unholstering your pistol a significant threat of death? Ie you drop it? Is getting tased then getting your face kicked in a significant threat of serious injury? Is getting tased and face planting? In the context of this guy just fought two cops and took the taser then turns to shoot him there is ABSOLUTELY a significant threat of either death of physical injury.
The other officer was getting off the ground and drawing his weapon, lol. Was he supposed to shoot him after he’d already gone down? I’d also suggest “improbable” is entirely irrelevant.
That is 100% the SW corner of the intersection. You can even see the HEB in the background.
5 people getting shot in Austin is pretty weird, though the area was pretty sketchy and it was super late.
What is that last(0) skill on your skill bar? Is it from a mod or what?
As you may have deduced I rarely(never) put points towards the sensor skills 😂
I think it’s on the side of an apartment complex on north burnet across from Flyrite
....but generally doesn’t help getting into solid nursing schools and removes like 90% of the social experience undergrad gives.
