This is a better deconstruction of a Ben Shapiro video, I just wish it didn't cut off early: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cZwOe2--VUg
*"You're an ambulance"*
Sure, let's call them all out then, this guy included. What's the problem here?
I have and will continue to hate this asshole. I was one of many to report that video, and will report any others that cross a line.
Isn't Hys like 50% more expensive?
Lee Pace would have been perfect -- 6'5".
Roger Ebert had no idea it was her until well after he saw the movie.
Well by all means keep indirectly defending him with your whataboutism -- thats definitely gonna do shit.
What does one thing have to do with another? Why on earth cant someone be pissed off at both videos you describe? Why do you think being pissed off at some entitled douchebag making money off someone suicide somehow lessens the anger towards cops shooting unarmed people?
A hospital is not a jail.
It's simiar to the child welfare issue. When something bad happens its "why didnt you save this child from our own people by taking her from her parents?". But most of the other time its "why are you taking our children away and giving them to white folks."
Is it too big for Lowes, or do they insist on building their own stores?
Right, my point isnt the civil lawsuit, but the fact that despite you saying: &gt; Doesn't mean they can EVER detain you for failing to do so it's clear that they have detained people for not showing the receipt and suffered no consequences.
Did you read the part where the police didn't press charges? Or when you said that they cant detain you did you mean 'without incurring some kind of civil lawsuit'?
Prime rib, or any meat, 'should be' however the fuck the person eating it wants it to be.
Do you get a badge when you become a member of the taste police or is it just a shitty piece of paper? BTW I like my steak medium to medium rare, but I fucking hate the sanctimonious judgement against anyone who wants their steak done medium well or beyond.
&gt; Your shift's over in 30 minutes Where I'm from the cops here would LOVE this since they get double time after their shift ends. They intentionally wait until the end of shift before arresting someone that they know is going to require a lot of paperwork. It's not unheard of for cops to pull down $400k/year with this tactic.
Then what is your point? No one is saying anything critical here. You're arguing into the wind.
Those are crimes.
I was referring to this incident, a Costco, not Walmart: http://www.oregonlive.com/portland/index.ssf/2015/11/costco_shopper_who_broke_leg_a.html
What exactly are you supposed to do when the person refuses to leave and shouts 'No, no, no' when the escort is attempted? This guy looked pretty heavy, there is no way they could have gently guided him to the exit.
It reminds me of the Pirates of the Caribbean line: "those are more "guidelines" than actual rules".
If the swine has the money it can buy all the pearls it wants.
You are 100% right, just forgetting the fact that there's going to be a big-ass cheesy casino there as well.
Is that a kind of drink?
So if someone is having sex with you and they start punching you in the face, thats cool, right? Like, even if you say stop they can keep punching you because you agreed to sex, right?
That woman is completely devoid of lips.
Ramp up? How long have we needed more Diagnostic Technicians? People are either not taking the courses, or they are not being incentivised enough.
I bet you're fun at parties.
Hurting someone and not stopping when they ask you to is NOT a normal part of sexual interaction. If you think it is you are either a psychopath or a virgin.
They stay at the Fairmont downtown. I'm not sure why they are bitching about the hotel wifi. Dont they make enough to afford US/Canada data plans? Can't they buy a stick or hub device?
I went into sears once asking about the portable dishwashers they had, and they straight up told me not to buy one because they are terrible.
Honestly -- have you ever been so into sex that you've ignored someone asking you to stop?
A coworker immigrated here from Pakistan, speaks very good english. He was worried about his sons first day in school since despite being born here 5 years ago, doesn't speak a word of english.
Tagged you as a rapist. Hope you end up in jail some day.
I feel so sorry for you.
What about Nu-Trek Sulu?
&gt; despite temporary deaths Just be patient then.
Did they give Tilly the first 'asshole' in a Star Trek series or has it been said earlier?
I think they mostly just hang out with other family members, members of their community.
It has an indoor parkade though. Maybe thats what they mean.
Maybe thats a cultural issue perhaps and not a race one.
Why on earth are you straddling the dotted line? Why aren't you fully in your own lane over to the left? It's like someone said, the ONLY reason people are doing this is because you are too far over to the right. You're the problem here, not other drivers.
Look at the picture OP posted -- this is precisely what is happening.
They think you're going to back up into a parking spot. Get over to the left, your left tires up along the yellow line. Where did you learn to drive?
So let's say there are 50% less fires than there was 10 years ago, do you think thats a reason to reduce the total number of firefighters?
Well don't stop at the sign then. Stay fully in the left lane on your side of the road. This is not some kind of epidemic in this city -- the ONLY time someone has done something like this to me was when I didn't fully block my lane when turning left on my motorcycle and they squeezed by on my right. Thing is, I was following the motorcycle manual, so I'm not gonna do that anymore.
Its not about you blocking the lane, its about you positioning yourself ambiguously which confuses people. If you came to a stop in the proper lane, well back from people making that tight turn, and THEN crept forward to see around the hege/parked cars, it would be fine. The people making the left off River onto Scott would slow down if not outright stop, and you would be clear to go in front of them. I'll admit, it takes a lot of confidence to make bold, decisive moves, but that is often much safer than being overly cautious as it makes your intentions much more clear.
That truck is as wrong as you are.
No one would pull around that guy to the left. Unless he sat there despite huge gaps in traffic and didn't make the turn.
It's not random. You can dial down fire fighters as the demand for their services decreases.
What do you mean by 'no coverage'? What is the radius of coverage of a fire station? Why is that the perfectly correct amount of coverage? Perhaps we can do with less stations, or less firefighters per station, or lower their wages since there is less risk overall, or smarter staffing/shift arrangements.
Perhaps response times can be mitigated through other means, like state of preparedness, fire station layout, route calculations, traffic light synchronization/override, etc. If my work dropped off such that I could have a second job doing renovations or whatever many FF's do on the side, then yeah, I would expect to get my hours cut. Would they be 'even busier'? I tend to doubt that -- their schedules are pretty relaxed as it is, and even so, if the workload got to be too much we could ramp the hours back up over time. I think it's completely inappropriate that Fire Fighters go out on calls that can be adequately handled by a single Ambulance. I had a relative make a call about having chest pains and a fire engine and crew showed up and just stood around watching. Not only was that a total waste of their time and gas for the truck, but I would think it would take them away from their station and potentially could compromise response time if an incident happened on the opposite side of their Fire station. Tell me, how do these scenarios help your precious response time values? Do you think old neighbourhoods have as many fires as new developments that were built with better fire codes? Likelihoods of fire breaking out should be considered along with response times. You're right I guess, let's not try anything, let's not even try to think up any new solutions, let's just keep doing the same thing despite changing circumstances, and keep hiring more and more despite the need being less and less until we bankrupt the entire city. Are you a union rep by any chance?
Remember the rule of headlines: "Any headline that ends in a question mark can be answered by the word no."
No, make a full stop, you just don't have to pull over to be in proximity to the sign. The sign position is like a stop line across the intersection, just stop on the left hand side, just head of the line.
A rolling stop is not what I meant.
Actually all of those ideas come from studies involving fire fighting associations, not random, not silly. Educate yourself. 42 hours a week fighting fires? I know for a fact that many work at side jobs and they themselves call their schedule 'relaxed'. I also know a Winnipeg FF who is a 20 year veteran. Do you know how many actual fires he's been called to? Zero. Also, why does the Winnipeg FD have to operate with an availability 30% above the national average? That is completely wasteful. But of course you'll ignore this point like you have many of my other points. It's clear you have your head in the sand and have never researched efficiencies and are not open to even discussing them. Pure ignorance. Oh, so you call someone who has actually looked into this issue 'stupid' and then pass yourself off as a police force expert in the next sentence? Get over yourself.
Maybe the sub upsets them to the point they start farting uncontrollably, thereby making others around them nauseated. Only way I can see their statement being accurate.
Good bot
Are they? Or are their schedules so 'relaxed' they feel free to abuse their leave benefits: &gt; ...firefighters have a very relaxed schedule. Just about everyone knows a firefighter who also has a thriving business renovating basements or building cabinets. &gt; Although he was careful to couch his words, Clark strongly suggested firefighters are taking advantage of leave benefits. He pointed a finger at causes "above and beyond the normal leave allotments," such as sick time, family days and worker's compensation claims. As for the 30% issue it really shows how lazy you are and how little you've even looked into this whole issue if you can't be bothered to find it yourself. https://globalnews.ca/news/3044882/winnipeg-firefighter-availability-time-nearly-30-more-than-industry-standard/
I'll ask him again, but thats what he told me.
Nice strawman. So because I'm wondering why our FD availability is 30% HIGHER than average that MUST MEAN I want ZERO availability for emergency personnel, right? Why are we so special? Why should our city be so different than any others? Does this availability result in more lives saved? Is the Winnipeg FD more efficient than other cities? You're pathetic. Come up with some non-bullshit replies or just give it up. You have nothing.
Any then he tries saying that he didnt use the term 'fake news' just minutes earlier. Poor reporter is clearly not used to this pathetic attempt at gaslighting, he's just speechless.
This kills the farmer.
I think they need to have cutoffs at the top so the still illuminate far, just not as high.
Not your buddy, pal.
I wonder if the island is going to experience a population increase 9 months from now.
https://www.thebeaverton.com/2018/01/hawaiians-report-end-world-sex-not-romantic-just-frantic-terrifying/
Its kind of expected if you've watched the show, since Peppa is a horrible coont.
Over 9000.
OK, so since many of the targets of the #metoo movement are democrat-supporting Hollywood types, and it exposes liberal decadence, lack of morals, and hypocrisy, why on earth would a right wing asshole want to derail it?
Its not. Who is doxxing?
I would almost agree with you but in the article she calls what he did 'sexual assault'.
No, that's not what happened. Do you mean she 'said' no non-verbally?
She says she was assaulted BEFORE she said no, before he 'moved to' undo her pants. Unless you want to quibble about the difference between the word 'assaulted' and 'violated'.
Thank you. For the record, I don't think 'moving to' undo someone's pants after they've said no is sexual assault either. I mean by definition no touching occured. Its creepy, sure, no denying it, but calling 'moving to' the same as a physical assault is really diluting the word.
I think some cities went through the application process as a kind of exercise, not in hopes to win the Amazon HQ, but to otherwise showcase their city and have a presentation ready they can make to other, smaller businesses.
Blame Target for failing so spectacularly for one thing.
Nespresso is not awful. Better than any other pod coffee, and a fuck ton more convenient that trying to train your wife how to use a portafilter.
Good.
If you can find some with some kind of border security theme: bonus!
Are they sucking blood? I thought they were just hanging out to get scraps of food.
&gt; Even the woman Grace says it wasnt rape or sexual assult. She didn't? The article quotes her as saying this: &gt; It took a really long time for me to validate this as sexual assault
Whatever, I don't care really, you just stated that she didn't say something she clearly did, and that was completely false. I wasn't making a point about the reality of the situation.
Yeah that totally RED state known as Minnesota.
Do you think that makes you right?
So then...any state that had any votes for Trump at all is "a Republican state that voted for Trump", is that what you're saying?
Someone referred to bitcoins as Dunning-Krugerrands. I thought that was a pretty great term for them.
No no, the attack itself was of a wet and slippery nature.
I haven't seen the movie, but do they establish that you DON'T keep items and then break that rule?
Ok then delete your other post since this thread is about pointlessly nitpicking Jumanji.
Lake Havisu
Isn't 'boyo' a Welsh expression?
I thought they were doing that more to back up Flint.
What your bike doesn't have reverse gear?
It will if he engages the gravometric polarity inducers.
Woah there, slow down! S-t-e....what was the middle part again?
Meh, it's just a bit of fun, its not like the light had JUST changed.
Here's the thing...
I've heard some are the same size as writing desks.
You're taking the word 'attached' to literally. I think it just has to be associated with a nearby hotel, like the new Tux near the outlet mall, the Bottle Shop near Pembina and Bishop, and, as mentioned, the Beer store at Grant and Pembina. All detached from the nearby hotel, still associated with it.
What should the punishment be for commiting an offence like you described?
That's how it appears. I would love to be proven wrong with an example of a beer store with no attached hotel nearby that isn't part of the MLCC. Now wine stores seem to be a little different for some reason. Not sure why.
So it's not illegal but you can still get charged for saying it, gotcha.
Is there a cost difference to replicating gruel vs replicating steak?
Ok but would better tasting food require more energy to make? Or more raw materials? I'm not 100% sure how a replicator works but isn't it just rearranging molecules from a common base in different ways?
The problem is that there is no way to rebut the contents of the memo since the material that could counter it is still classified, and Trump isn't going to declassify that any time soon.
Your comments made me irrationally angry.
God dammit that's right! Who do you think you are?! I am! God damn right!
I've seen versions of this where the 2 lobes look just like fidget spinners in cross section.
Why stop there? Why not 30? Or 20?
If I do it then it becomes legal!
Target fixation
Serves them right for tempting that poor bear with those delicious pink flamingos on their lawns.
Go here and introduce yourself: http://advrider.com/index.php?threads/for-winnipeg-and-the-surrounding-area.472265/page-1226 They have 'wrench days' in various garages from time to time. No greater local experts exist.
Yeah, make an account. Do you have to have some threshold of making posts in other subforums first? I know that you can't even get into The Basement until you have like 100 posts elsewhere.
I thought it was "We're here! We're queer! We don't want any more bears!".
Including the perimeter. Actually, you know what, a LOT of accidents happen on the Trans Canada -- maybe going to 40kph there could save lots of lives.
So does the bike have the the doohickey mod yet?
They improved it, still not as good as the mod though.
Someone should invent a backpack that has magnets on it that would attach to magnet implants you put in your back.
Is that the Hillsong church guy? Thats the one -- they attract celebs like Pratt and Beiber, set them up with hot chicks to have sex with, including orgies, and in turn make them feel they are being all christian-y.
It's not 'deserves' so much as 'earned'.
I like it when they just put stickers on the back window. Those suckers fly off with a pressure washer.
Oh, is there an area of town where people aren't shitty drivers?
Maybe the plate number could help
Yeah those fixie losers can't very well shift to a lower gear.
As a pedestrian this pisses me off -- I've nearly been hit 3 times in the last 2 weeks by cyclists running red lights. As in, if I didn't stop walking they definitely would have run into me. Not even trying to stop at the red. They think that since it's only a 3 way intersection along a one way they are totally in the clear.
I dunno, people might think they're made from puppy meat.
What, that it won't come up again? Really?
What on earth does that mean? Of course they are 'at the point', you just need a bunch of them.
What about that whole Thorium thing? Is that kind of reactor getting developed?
Are you going to send her a gift or something?
[Daddy like a pretty baby. ](https://youtu.be/_1jGnFt78H8?t=12)
Try crossing the foot bridge between Sir John Franklin Park on Wellington and Omand Park. Despite signs at either end telling cyclists to dismount they still blow past me, at times grazing my elbow. A friends kid got a scratch on the back of their head from a cyclists brake lever on that bridge.
Its like Trump was checking out Kevins ass as he walked away.
"everyone"
I though the Dutch started slavery. Thats what a Dutch tour guide told me "So yes, we invented slavery from Africa, which was obviously a very terrible idea"
[Source](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QVAJT2ThP-4)
Not sure if URL shorteners are allowed, but the photo was taken around here: https://goo.gl/maps/NPP9qdQnzJK2 You can see other photos and the opposite shoreline looks identical.
I'd love to see a debate or interview with Sam Seder and Ben Shapiro
&gt; our effort to push leftist fictions like intersectionality and gender fluidity into discussions on trade Can you educate me on this? How are were pushing those things into trade discussions?
Do you care that this is bullshit? Probably not.
Russia has a crap FIFA world rank, but host countries often go on to do better than expected, so who knows? Whatever happens I'm sure the Russian athletes will fail their drug tests and be DQ'd anyway. Wait, does FIFA even DO drug tests?
Perhaps the judge in their previous case didn't give them a bouquet of flowers.
Oh god I hope England is out in the first round. After Italy there is no other group of fans that feel so entitled to the cup.
Find the main 'social club' of whatever country is playing a match and try to crash it.
I think many people on this sub are saying that Harper would have just caved to all of Trumps NAFTA demands and that would be the right thing to do.
You have been banned by /r/Pyongyang
"Milk Cartel"? Why do you think those tariffs against US milk are in place? They were created in response to the US subsidising the fuck out of the American dairy industry. You're basically taking the side of the US and a socialist practice of corporate welfare against Canada. Way to go.
Why bother? They'll just give you links to some nonsense vegan propaganda site.
I'm not sure about quality, but US milk is produced using a synthetic growth hormone, which is not allowed in Canada. Some people prefer their milk hormone-free. https://www.canada.ca/en/health-canada/services/drugs-health-products/veterinary-drugs/factsheets-faq/hormonal-growth-promoters.html
I'd consider it if they only played stuff from their first 3 albums.
Just watched The Expanse so it seems like [Nadine Nicole](https://www.google.ca/search?q=Nadine+Nicole&amp;num=30&amp;newwindow=1&amp;rlz=1C1GGRV_enCA759CA759&amp;source=lnms&amp;tbm=isch&amp;sa=X&amp;ved=0ahUKEwjK9qzvpNPbAhWjCJoKHbOQCqwQ_AUICigB&amp;biw=1680&amp;bih=917) is the primary antagonist this season. I'm totally cool with that.
&gt; Besson's second wife was actress and director Maïwenn Le Besco, who was 15 when they began dating in 1991. They were married in late 1992 when Le Besco was pregnant with their daughter Shanna, who was born on 3 January 1993. Le Besco later claimed that their relationship inspired Besson's film Léon, where the plot involved the emotional relationship between an adult man and a 12-year-old girl.
And when they do eventually, inevitably, restart or continue their nuclear program, you know Trump is going to say: "Well no one could have predicted this!"
At least the President in Independence Day was a former member of the military.
It's astounding that St Marys isn't even twinned up to the Perimeter.
Well...fuck, I mean I guess he's being honest there.
You know, I would never take that bet from you. Sounds exactly what he would say.
When this was posted before someone said a cable was connecting the 2 walls, hard to see.
And then they started bringing up the DLC and how it promoted "lesbian race-mixing". Like. Think about that, race mixing between two women, well girls really. What exactly is getting 'mixed'?
OK then can you try explaining to the people who might be on the fence or have lost hope recently?
As I recall he came back a few weeks later and was successful at reaching the roof.
Are we sure thats not sarcasm?
Who said he's not allowed? People have the freedom to be hypocrites.
Isn't that like, the entire point? The person is saying Musk received privileged treatment as a result of apartheid policies?
Sure, but Elon god-worship is annoying also.
Marketing usually costs about 50% of the production budget, so that would thin the profit down somewhat.
Add $39million to the costs for marketing.
&gt;It is a well-known fact that those people who must want to rule people are, ipso facto, those least suited to do it... anyone who is capable of getting themselves made &lt;insert political position&gt; should on no account be allowed to do the job.
It's an award given to car makers to thank them for featuring the fact that they won the award on their commercials, and paying for the privilege. Oh whats that car maker? You don't WANT to make an ad about how you won a JD Power award? No more awards for you!
Often those ones don't do shit but collect their cheque, vote the party lines, go home.
Meh, some of these were cheaper on boxing day.
Kijiji: https://www.kijiji.ca/b-street-cruisers-choppers/manitoba/cb-750/k0c303l9006 The CB750 is pretty much what he likely wants -- is a very common bike of that style and era. If he needs parts: https://www.z1enterprises.com/
That would kill many innocents, the Punisher doesn't do that.
What about it?
What's an non-prohibited weapon?
Wouldn't the bracelet be heavy as hell then?
Well I know you can easily find Fox News people shitting on Mr Rogers in general, saying how he makes kids wimps, but no, I've never heard anyone talking shit related specifically to any race issue.
Yup, since it's kind of a shitty bike to start with, and by riding it they are throwing away $1000's just for 'fun'.
Meh, I can think about both the goofy things and the important things too.
Saves you the money though.
It was different but the underlying reasons were the same.
https://www.nbcnewyork.com/investigations/President-Obama-Rejected-Trump-Golf-Course-Westchester-274423351.html
Yeah at least with Nixon that generation could say they had no idea what he was doing behind closed doors. With Trump everyone knew exactly what he was like and what he was planning.
What on earth are you replying to?
So what is the difference between "enforced monogamy" and regular monogamy?
&gt; No-fault divorce allows women (and men) to end a marriage at any time for any reason, and to not have the division of property impacted by that choice. If women (and men) had to show wrongdoing to leave a marriage, **shitty, unhappy, loveless** marriages would last longer. Fixed it for you. But yeah, that all sounds pretty fucking horrible, putting almost all the blame on the woman, controlling her, not the man in a relationship. No wonder incels/red pillers/MRA's love him.
Thats not how tolls usually work. What would end up happening is that you'd toll all the delivery drivers more than normal citizens, driving up the price of your stuff.
Do nurses get a 'corporate discount' on their phone plans?
"She's my daughter" [slap] "I said I want the truth!" "She's my sister..." [slap] "She's my daughter..." [slap] "My sister, my daughter" [slapslapslap] "I said I want the truth!" "She's my sister AND my daughter!" "Forget it Jake, its Chinatown"
I was shocked this was St Norbert and not River Heights. That being said Walmart is well known for allowing people to park in their lots overnight.
Against the rules.
I'm sure her coworkers will fill her in.
Cool. What time are you on stage?
I wouldn't call any of those games "Classic" in any sense.
So charging the parents with making the threats you mean? Yeah, that's not gonna get past the charter.
&gt;For those down voters, curious as to your perspective here, By bringing up bullying it seems like you are validating the behaviour of the person, casting blame on the other students. This happened in the Parkland shooting -- lots of people were blaming the victims saying things like "Well maybe if you had been nicer to him this wouldn't have happened". &gt;If they actually wanted to kill people, they wouldn't have made threats You are also saying that he wasn't serious about the threat when you can't know that. It's entirely possible that someone serious about committing an act of violence would also make a threat beforehand as well. Are you so certain about your opinion otherwise that you would risk children's lives?
Yeah it's not QUITE that though as it's not outward.
&gt; if they really wanted to kill someone, why are they posting it online? How can you know how a person who is capable of committing an act of violence can think? &gt; Seems like they wanted attention. Both things can be true, the want for attention and the act of violence. &gt; Teach these kids conflict resolution when they are young so that things don't escalate like this. What makes you think this has anything to do with some kind of escalation of conflict that was even resolvable? How do you know this wasn't an overreaction of something trivial by deranged people? Again, by stating that this was preventable you are casting blame on the other students, I don't understand how you can be saying anything else here.
Thats not how you make that sign.
Getting a bill for your kids vandalism is one thing, getting charged with a crime your kid did as if YOU did it is quite another.
Do a google search of the OK hand signal to see the difference.
There's an 'O', no 'K'. Do you see a 'K'?
And yet, having the 3 fingers spread apart is exactly what the 'K' part of an OK sign is, not 3 fingers pressed together.
If you don't see the difference between a charge and a fine, I can't help you, it's a pretty clear distinction. Also, it makes sense since parents are financially responsible for their children in general. So if you're right then either the laws in British Columbia, Manitoba, and Ontario either all violate charter rights, or they need to be amended to add the transfer of the charges from the child to the parent, not just the fine for the damages.
OK. I'm not sure what your point is. What IS the purpose of "posting reddit" then? I'm sure complaining about downvotes is certainly not it.
My point is the gesture is made by spreading the fingers apart, not having them pressed together. Admit you are wrong and get over it.
Wow, lots of stuff here: 1) We're not in the US, and even so do you actually mean "charged with said crime" or do you really just mean responsible? If you actually mean charged, I would love a citation. 2) No indication the parents of the 3 ~~charged~~ arrested were anywhere nearby 3) Two of the 3 were legal adults 4) That teacher said nothing about charging the parents for the crimes the children committed. So really, I don't see the point or relevance in this discussion to a single thing you said. All you seem to be implying is that the people who made the threats may not be responsible for making them, which, in my opinion, is total and complete bullshit.
The 3 arrested are 18, 18, and 16. Does that change anything for you?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vmL72sgVdAQ Wait no! This one: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2ann0gOhrjs
Yup, and now there is a measurable difference between the dental health of Calgary children and Edmonton children, a city that did not stop the fluoridation. There may be less mind control though, but I'm not sure how to test for that.
Clearly we need to outlaw those gender reveal parties.
/r/affluenzapassdenied
And remember, if you kill coyotes their numbers will only ever increase....somehow.
I think you should be more concerned about cougar attacks in Transcona.
Can you provide evidence of someone sending a bomb threat because they wanted a day off work, and proof that this is happening more now for those reasons?
Oh. Hilarious.
I think there are many people who feel that the charity work done by the Catholic church does not in any way 'balance out' the sexual abuse they suffered at the hands of priests.
Do you know how much money the Catholic church generates every year? No one does actually, since they aren't transparent like that, but it's a fuckton you can be sure.
The second season of Jessica Jones was so bad it deserves to be canceled.
One of the worst parts of the theory is the Antarctic ice wall that keeps us all hemmed in. The one that, apparently, no one can get over. edit: &gt; The earth is surrounded on all sides by an ice wall that holds the oceans back. This ice wall is what explorers have named Antarctica. Beyond the ice wall is a topic of great interest to the Flat Earth Society. To our knowledge, no one has been very far past the ice wall and returned to tell of their journey. What we do know is that it encircles the earth and serves to hold in our oceans and helps protect us from whatever lies beyond.
Oh, but you know, think of all the good things the church has done...
Watch yourself -- they'll narc you to the mods for harassment if you keep that up.
But wasn't there another lockdown after those arrests as well? I assumed there might be more threats.
Yeah I thought so too! Was a bit disappointed really.
I just wonder why these violations incur an immediate suspension while things like speeding and running a red light do not.
That seems really, really unsafe. Why not just loop a really strong cable around it and pull?
Did you forget this: /s?
What he really excels at is using squirmy language to make sure he can't get pinned down on anything specific. Stuff like "No, I didn't say we should do that, I'm just asking if maybe we need to do that. Perhaps someone should look into it."
Did that flat-earth hillbilly put the offer in writing? That seems to be the sticking point of this lawsuit.
I guess you didn't read the article.
Can I ask you a serious question? Why do police need arrest warrants and search warrants? I mean if we trust them and they are not incompetent, why do they need warrants in many cases?
Marry me.
Ok, but why are warrants needed?
So if a couple of innocent people were to go to jail for murders they didn't commit, but as a result one person was worried enough about being caught that he didn't actually murder someone, that would be ok with you ?
Exactly, it's like you need to get a dashcam that records you driving to prove you weren't using your phone.
Why is this crossposted from OP's own /user area?
That guys butthurt posts were so fun to read when Notley won, then later when Trudeau won. Such a baby.
I heard that family and friends of that gentleman confirmed that he did, in fact, own a cell phone and was lying to the media.
Less so in his mug shot.
You must live a very sad life. I feel sorry for you.
Kind of surprising that Laura Loomer isn't banned...yet. Well time for someone to make some alt-right version of Patreon like Gab is for twitter. It's nice to have all the cancer in one bucket.
Found them in LaRiviere. Here is your winding mountain road: https://goo.gl/maps/Nb8oDmxFdbG2 And here is your A-frame ski chalet: https://goo.gl/maps/f3Xc4W2JjMQ2
What's the Prius thing? I thought they were pretty solid.
Gotta get 'em waaaay up there.
Umpire takes third.
I keep expecting to hear a *whack* when they smack their heads with wooden tablets during some of those sections.
Or get lost in the tunnels beneath.
What do you think has changed?
Perhaps there were others who did the same, but they were stopped by the authorities before launching, the ships may have been destroyed in some manner, or their destination was some planet other than Earth. Does New Genesis have a yellow sun? I think a Kryptonian would have thrived there.
Why compare Scarlett Johansson and Robert Downey Jr. though? Why not compare Jennifer Lawrence and Amy Adams to ANY of their male costars in American Hustle? Their roles were MUCH larger than Jeremy Renners, they have awards and nominations, they are MUCH bigger draws then Renners, and yet in the Sony hacked emails there was this: &gt; The current talent deals are: &gt;(David) O'Russell: 9% (Bradley) Cooper: 9%; (Christian) Bale: 9%; (Jeremy) Renner: 9%; (Jennifer) Lawrence: 7%; (Amy) Adams: 7%. Please explain to me why those 2 names are at the bottom of the list, if not for gender? If the emails weren't hacked then no one, not even the stars, would have known about the differential.
&gt; why would I hire you with a good salary if I can hire an immigrant for less That's why we have minimum wage laws. &gt; You pay taxes, most goes for immigrants trying to 'integrate' them but most of them are just beggars, free homes from government while you have to pay for it. Citation needed &gt; allowing only peoples that really wants a better life, being honest, working, paying taxes and not pretending to forbid something because it's against your religion or culture. How do you propose we test for that at the border, exactly? How would an immigrant prove their intent like you describe?
There is a theory that a person's brain locks down at some point and refuses to accept new things as easily as they did when they were younger. One of the triggers for this lockdown is the loss of a person's virginity. That once it happens then all the music they were listening to in and around that time, say, a 2 year rage before and after the actual event, becomes 'locked' as the 'best music' and the brain won't accept anything new.
Related to this I've heard that women pay a higher social penalty for being aggressive in salary negotiations in a way that hurts them in terms of future advancement opportunities. Often aggressive women are seen as 'bitches' and aggressive men are just seen as 'tough'. Not sure if a study bears this theory out at all, just something to consider.
&gt; bosses can do illegal stuff by not hiring them legally and underpay immigrants while immigrants accept the situation because otherwise nobody would hire them maybe and have to struggle This is a big issue to be sure, and the solution is to crack down on that behavior. The problem is that politicians on the right don't want to upset their corporate backers by doing this, and politicians on the left don't want to upset legal immigrants by being seen as attacking people from their home country. So yeah, this aspect of immigration sucks, but hey, at least we get cheaper fruits and vegetables as a result. &gt; Documents, papers. Check person behavior from his country, he was a tax payer or just avoid it? and so on.. People can make up all kinds of garbage, find anyone back home to vouch for his behaviour -- I don't think it would be very effective, and it sounds very costly and time consuming.
&gt; Lawrence was barely in the movie, she has less than half the screen time of her other co-stars. Lawrence has WAY more screen time than Renner, what are you talking about? &gt; Chris Pratt was paid half the salary of Lawrence in Passengers despite being the main lead, is that due to gender as well? How many Oscar nominations does Pratt have? Passengers came out after Lawrence realized how screwed she was getting in terms of salary, and I think vowed to negotiate more aggressively. Problem is, that in lots of careers being seen as 'bitchy' or 'difficult' can impact an actress negatively, which is why she said she was reluctant to do that in the first place.
That has fuck all to do with this salary discussion. Who the fuck cares?
Right, which affects an actors salary, which is the point of this thread.
Yeah apparently Hay St paralleling South Osborne was a free way that weekend.
I dunno why but as soon as Snowcat showed his face I lost interest. It's a very punchable face.
If that's what he wanted he could have backed up any time. He was the one who kept walking into her.
Cherry?
Jesus has returned
Eventually everyone's schtick gets old for me and I stop watching for one reason or another. I used to watch Mordeth13 a LONG time ago, but had to quit when he was calling the moon landing a hoax.
If daytime running lights are a thing why aren't daytime tail lights as well?
Did you see the chart at the bottom that compared fields of study/industry?
OK, but at least they split it out to that extent, which is why I posted the article -- often that's not even done so you have these aggregated comparisons that are pointless. So I think deeper dives need to be done in each segment to understand why the issue occurs. For example in the article it suggests that in IT women might be assigned to front end interface, while men do the deep coding. The question is, is that self-selected, or is that assigned by a preconceived idea of gender-based aptitude, and if so is that the right thing to do? The other question is the value placed on deep coding vs front end interface work -- why are those two roles valued at different salary rates?
This seems so wasteful. Why hasn't someone come up with some kind of child-recycling technology?
&gt; asking where I'm coming from/going What is the purpose of this question? What if I just said "Point A to Point B"?
&gt; Montessori School Well that explains a lot.
They are saying that it looked hard until it got touched, then it went all soft and liquidy.
If you pay very close attention to the Iron Man movies, you'll notice that Tony Stark gets inside some kind of suit made of metal, and flys around and shit. Easy to miss.
A
&gt; in fact I feel pigeonholed if anything So you went to nursing school and now you feel pigeonholed....as a nurse? Is that what your're saying? What other kind of education can expect to jump over to a completely different industry after graduation? Why would you expect this?
In what fucking way was she walking towards him? Watch the damn video again, HE was in HER personal space and could have backed down -- HER back was to the fucking seats.
It would still sound pretty ridiculous if someone graduated with an engineering degree and then complained about being pigeonholed as an engineer.
He french fried when he should have pizza'd.
&gt; The Tale of the Bamboo Cutter literally is designed to look a watercolor painting What movie are you talking about here?
But you said the correct name earlier so it seems more like you were trying to be a pretentious fuckwit to be honest. No human would ever confuse the traditional story name for the movie name like this. Good /r/OopsDidntMeanTo material.
Because the interior of Russian space capsules don't look like that.
Honestly how is this a big deal? If you are stopped at a checkstop or for some moving violation, who cares about the probable cause requirement for the breathalyzer? I mean I'm sure the police can just do the old "I smelled alcohol on their breath" thing which can't really be disproven, in order to create the probable cause. So people who are upset about this, are you all just mad that you won't be able to get away with a DWI tacked on to your speeding ticket because you are really good about appearing sober when over the limit? I don't understand the outrage.
I think hard to detect body cams are the way to do. You can keep your hands up and open, but still recording away. Maybe a flat chest mount system that could focus the camera on where your eyes track, getting that info from your glasses. Sci-fi I know, but it might be doable.
&gt; unchecked capitalism You seem like the kind of person who calls people with jobs 'wage slaves'.
The ones when I am are 1 foot long, 3 inches wide -- they are a massive obstruction.
A friends father was banned from 2 casinos for doing this.
They can apparently refuse the breathalyzer, then beat the refusal charges in court with union lawyers.
Yes, exactly. Manufacturing probable cause is trivial for any officer. How do you prove the officer DIDNT smell anything?
Do they have a warrant? A house and a car are 2 different things.
You know what they say -- only do 1 illegal thing at a time.
*citation needed
If check stops mean you don't need PC to get pulled over then I don't see what difference this makes. For the record I DO think check stops are a charter violation, but the Supreme Court disagrees with me, or rather agrees, but feels its still in society's best interest to allow it anyway, so there you go.
You made the claim, you have to back it up. Whatever can be asserted without evidence can be dismissed without evidence.
It has nothing to do with being spoon fed anything -- its about not having to run around validating every single damn thing someone says on this site. You could have avoided all of this by just putting the link in your comment when you first made it.
Senator Murray Sinclair says that he gets stopped for no reason all the time. None of the other judges or Senators experience this.
If you keep spouting shit without backing it up you'll just be ignored. If you're fine with that then why bother commenting at all? Take your condescening bullshit to some other sub.
Try to buy the Philosophers version on blueray in Canada though. It's all Sorcerers versions.
So what do you think 'same universe' means, exactly? I don't think you get the concept. Is English your first language?
For good reason I think -- there is some 3rd party redirect or affilliate bullshit going on with these links. They SHOULD be straight to the Best Buy website, but they are not.
My god, why on earth would you?
What colour were these people?
OK, lets reopen it: &gt;No. We're not changing a damn thing. Alright, debate closed, thanks for coming out.
So what? First, that was in 2001, still a crazy long time from getting cut off. Second, the road they just built did not use the route that was voted down by some OTHER reserve. So what, exactly, is your point?
So you'll let your banker collect all your profits with fees? Do you know what all those fund managers invest in with their own, personal money? Nothing but basic index funds. Why? Because they know it's all an unpredictable crap shoot, they have no idea what they are doing -- just hoping to get lucky, and no fund can beat a general index long term.
If you want 'youtube' bartender/drink making experience you should really watch JeNee's videos -- they are awesome: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TwCbmLPTT5U
What's wrong with that? Watching a video is exactly the same as actually doing something, dontcha know? This kid sounds like he's never left the basement.
I would play online against my younger cousin and his friend, and they would get furious at me by how I could evade them in capture the flag. They seriously thought I was cheating. We would then play Unreal Tournament, where I could easily 1v2 them in Facing Worlds.
People FEAR me!
From what I can tell in my youth it was a way for the rich kids from Tuxedo and Fort Richmond to feel like they were slumming it with the plebs.
So sad they couldn't get it together to release a follow up. Had to leave it to Owl City to rip off their sound completely.
If you look at his recent filmography and remove all the Marvel stuff, it's kind of weak. Maybe Rush was OK, but the rest...ugh.
Well he might be the most popular Thor in the world, that's for sure. Not really much of a draw otherwise.
Um. No. It isn't.
Owl City said it himself: &gt; The Postal Service released a record in 2003, and that was it. There was really nothing to compare it to until some one else came along and wrote the next chapter. Maybe that's this record. Maybe that's this band. Thats as close as an artist will ever come to admitting his work is completely derivative. I agree, it's more schmaltzy, but still, sound-wise it's a rip off.
Not all but some were, like Bush and Silverchair.
You can think its majestic, that's fine, but it's still extremely derivative.
But his debate videos are LONG so it can all get fully fleshed out. Shapiros 'debates' often come in the form of Q and A's after a speech so there is a time constraint.
His 'evidence' is often wrong or completely made up. The bullshit he spewed in one of his most famous 'destroys' videos is what I most often cite when Shapiro comes up. It's related to the transgender study from the 'Anderson School' at UCLA, detailed here: https://medium.com/@notCursedE/dear-benshapiro-re-trans-suicides-be483052d97f
Temporarily embarrassed millionaires
This looks like it was at Lizzie playground at Alexander and Fountain: https://goo.gl/maps/7js8yyjZKwaNNGV3A
https://www.reddit.com/r/Winnipeg/comments/bx38nr/people_getting_jumped_in_central_park_while/eq32pjz/
Do you mean the one at Pembina at Jubilee that is also under construction, often backing it up all the way to McGillvary?
Well you see the people who are going to benefit from this project pay higher property taxes than the people benefiting from whatever else you're talking about.
Phabulous, even.
I don't care how you feel. You WILL drink hot coffee from a bag using a melting plastic straw, and you'll LIKE it!
[Did someone say dongle?](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XSC_UG5_kU)
"I can't believe you've done this"
After the Shapiro thing he goes after Crowder, who, I'm happy to say, just had all his youtube videos demonetized. We'll see how long that lasts though.
Why don't you keep the old PC around for the development work exclusively?
An M.2 I hope?
SSD's max out at 600 MB/s. M.2's can do 3000 MB/s, some up to 4000 MB/s.
The last time I heard his radio show he was going on a hard core climate change denial rant. Had on one of the 3 out of 100 scientists who think it's all a hoax.
Many times Bing has better aerial/satellite shots
What is being 'made up' in this article?
&gt; &gt; with a basic right of mobility that we are not accommodating as a city. &gt; &gt; That is definitely worth discussing. Is it? Can you give me your opposing viewpoint on that statement?
Is throwing up a sign a block before a sidewalk is actually closed so much of a problem it would throw construction repairs into utter chaos?
That's not what this article was about, why are you talking about it. Are the people in this story fake victims?
How do you quantify the right amount of accommodation of people with mobility issues? What background or expertise do you have to back up the statement you just made? Do you have mobility issues yourself and feel adequately served by this city? If not, on what basis are you telling people who do have mobility issues who don't feel adequately served, that they are wrong?
Dammit, I hate when that happens!
I feel sorry for the guy since he dated Laura Ingraham for a while. *shudder*.
I'll bet she's the kind of person who orders a ton of modifications to her order and sends it back frequently. Has probably consumed so much spit from cooks/chefs.
They routinely run this fast.
And people wonder why reddit is full of reposts when stupid titles like this hide what the content actually is.
Should they have just executed him then? I mean he had it coming by daring to do something other than respect the officers authority, right?
It's like a NIMBY-off between River Heights and Tuxedo.
&gt; I dont think he wrote first class. You are right, just produced. I'll fix, thanks.
&gt; Leave the local decisions to the locals The only issue with that is sometimes the decisions get made by the locals who are the loudest, or who have the most free time.
Seriously, I hope to hell that Keanu now makes a movie called Breathtaking.
I think it should just be called "The One".
If there is an increased demand there will likely bring increases of incidences. I think they found that to be the case in New Zealand, but I can't find the article now.
&gt; Const. Jay Murray of the WPS said he hasn’t heard the term “meth camps” before. Seems new, unless you're saying that phrase itself is bullshit. The meth issue, while not 'new' per se, has been increasing in recent years, so an escalation of issues perhaps requiring new solutions might be needed.
How good are the gloves available to EMS type folk? Are they unpuncturable by needles?
Cool. Thank you for your service.
That's all fine and good as long as they don't punish you for not leveling your character up enough or unlocking enough skills/items thereby making the endgame fights incredibly hard.
He recently got owned so hard by twitter historians when stating that there were no Republican slave owners in 1860, and getting like 10 examples.
I heard that NYC was the 'best' place to kill pedestrians with your car since the laws about that are so lax, and almost always absolve the car driver.
'Confirmed' no doubt.
My personal streak is 'libtard', 'conservatard', and 'virtue signalling'.
You could even go as far back as saying there were no Republican slave owners on March 19th, 1854! Suck it libtards!
*You're.
Was the cyclists name Dick? No? Then why did you capitalize it? Also, you shouldn't have an 's' at the end of 'time'.
&gt; Police charged De La Rosa with reckless endangerment and driving without a valid license — his license was suspended at the time of the incident. De La Rosa’s car has been nabbed 11 times for speeding in a school zone — enough that the vehicle could have been impounded by cops under the provisions of a pending bill Source: https://nyc.streetsblog.org/2019/06/10/police-arrest-maniac-who-tried-to-drive-over-a-cyclist-and-he-should-never-have-been-on-the-road/ In that link you'll find a video of a cop getting the cyclists phone back from the driver, proving he swiped it.
That is a massive lot though. So much useless space.
Apparently all of Europe is, until you start calling them on it, then they'll claim that they are 'market economies' or some such. The right will just keep pivoting and flip flopping until words lose all meanings. Basically, to the right, socialism just means "anything I don't like". Bonus: https://i.kym-cdn.com/photos/images/original/001/461/671/4c2
The left are much, much, much less likely to call things they want like healthcare for all socialism. That word has been brought up by the right to demonize all sorts of things, like social security, the polio vaccine, interstate highway system, the civil rights act, statehood for Puerto Rico and DC, etc. Here's a nice rundown of some of those with examples: https://twitter.com/KevinMKruse/status/1098298392256675843
OK then what is this about? https://twitter.com/christofow/status/1139916476511657984
Not sure why ppl shit on Meg. Shes fine.
https://xkcd.com/1053/
https://xkcd.com/1053/
Is that place popular?
Curling Club Concerned Cycling Corridor Could Confound Clientele
Maybe he doesn't like outdoor restaurants where the patron is responsible for food carrying and seating.
If I had a nickel....
Holy crap, you thought this was real? Dude. Come on.
I feel so very sorry for you. This is a pre-emptive I Told You So when you eventually, inevitably, find out that Q is nonsense and you've been played for a sucker. Don't say you weren't told, that you didn't know any better.
Why not both?
I would agree if the situation along the border was being called a 'holocaust', but the term concentration camp is much less specific to that event. Sure, it's one of the more famous uses of the concept historically, but it is still general enough not to diminish what the jewish people (and others) went through in WWII.
I wonder how much revenue that costs them?
It's much better than KFC, and worlds better than Chicken Delight.
It's not really fair to compare a fast food restaurant with a drive-through with a sit down restaurant where a server takes your order.
I assume that Chesters Fried Chicken is similar to Chicken Delight, but I've never tried it.
OK, then what's a better fast food fried chicken in the city? Jollibee?
So the 10 stores within the city catering to your specific interest are not enough, you want to know about MORE stores? Are you banned from PnP and EB/GS?
I just drove past the one on Pembina the other day. Smelled amazing. I'll have to check it out.
It's an origin story, but it might be a struggle not to overlap with that Jennifer Lawrence movie....Red Sparrow was it?
Because the price point is vastly different for one thing. For another the sit down restaurant is made to order whereas a FF resturant makes stuff in batches and keeps them on a warming tray. Its just as pointless to compare a quarter pounder from McDonalds to the Krakow Burger from Brazen Hall.
OK, but at the same time those American companies still employ local workers, pay local taxes. I'm all for going to good local places, but I'm not going to choose a local shithole over a great US chain place. $16 for the fried chicken dinner at The Tallest Poppy. You can get a ton of food for that price at any FF chicken place.
Comfortable for whom? I don't have a single issue with people driving 50kph down my street. Why should a loud, angry few make this change? The 40kph change should be on the ballot next election.
That intersection is shitty. They should just close it off.
There are a ton of residences along St Marys too but that is 60 for some reason. We should have consistent standards.
Is that link to specific incidents of accidents or fatalities on Winnipeg residential streets that would have been prevented by a reduced speed limit? No? Then it's kind of pointless, and not what was asked for.
Get speed bumps installed then.
Bullshit. Years ago experts decided that Grant should be 60 but city council overrode that because of feelings.
On a side note, am I out of the loop or was T_D just recently quarantined?
I mean has it been quarantined for a while already and I just noticed now?
Thanks! What a great day.
Isn't there a way of unrolling the whole thing without having to click each continue thread thing?
Which group of experts commissioned by which other group with their own agenda? Despite what you might think, this is not a black and white issue.
R.I.P. ambulance Transformer I can't remember the name of, who died to make way for that stupid pickup truck monstrosity.
"You got the pao-wah!"
Sure. The pickup truck I hated was Kup I think...awful. And Hotrod was just a mary sue.
Every boy wants to play with a teal and pink toy.
Why are 1 hour old accounts allowed to post here?
It'll be worth dozens of monies someday!
What, you never heard of a sky boat?
Oh god no one cares.
He had it coming. Running around the world, sticking his thumb up Crocodiles buttholes. What a dick.
Everyone knows [24 is the highest number.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RkP_OGDCLY0)
That movie would have been perfect except for the main character treating the teller/escort like shit at some point. It was a bizarre thing for him to do, and would have made the rest of the movie so much better had he not done that.
Well the real joke there is that he dumps them all by the time they turn 25. The current one (who he first met when she was 12) is 22, so has a few years left.
This is why Ann Coulter thought Larry David was right-wing.
But why male models?
It's less insulting and more shaming, at least it should be if the nearly 50 year old subject felt any shame about dating someone less than half his age.
&gt; Total fucking nonsense I have zero time for. Nope - don't fucking care! And yet, here you are.
Don't forget the product placement sponsored by the American Cattle Ranchers of America by getting Shia The Beef cast as well.
Funny thing is that comment chain started with his response to a different climate change scientist who also happened to be a woman. They each have various advanced degrees while he has nothing of the sort.
I knew you were a poster on The_Donald before checking your history. What a sad piece of garbage you are.
The point is that the word is used to describe a phenomenon that women experience from men much, much, much more often than men experience from other men.
This just happened yesterday though. It couldn't have been too reposted yet.
If I noticed that you posted in /r/conservative or /r/republican I wouldn't have mentioned anything. That other sub is quarantine for a reason -- it's a special place for special cult members.
Sure, but in that case they should have closed down. I think the issue is that they continued to operate despite having no water.
Came here to post this video. It looks like all the other vehicles get stopped when their front axles end up plowing too much mud to push past.
The max pressure on those tires is 3psi actually.
Oh please -- find me a single example of a woman caught secretly recording people in bathrooms.
Do you realize that both 3yearletterman and dave-o post a lot of anti-trump stuff? Can you comprehend that they are being facetious and it has all gone over your head?
Oh dude, thou needest to remove ye stick from uppeth thine ass.
And yet you feel the need to correct the obvious joke account with the true facts that everyone in the damn world knows.
Nathan Robinson is Dave Foleys wife?
Its about odds. If 99.999% of perpetrators of this kind of crime have been men, you can reasonably assume this one one. Also, what is the % of male Boston Pizza Managers in this city? 80%? Add that to the probabilities and you can make a very safe assumption about the gender of this person.
My point was there was an entire article by Nathan Robinson up there which you ignored I guess, as you stated that 'they have nothing'.
What other actors could have launched a missile from inside Iran?
Funny, that's not the justification the US is giving. They are claiming that they were stopping an imminent attack.
A gish gallop is something that happens in a debate. This is an article, which, if you can't be bothered to read I have no interest in discussing with you.
Those changes aren't nearly as dramatic as changes through the 70's and 80's.
I blame boomers in their 20's "finding themselves" phase for making everything so fucked up in the 70's.
Tornado. Thats all you need really.
So do they do any form of repair to the ice in between figure skaters sessions in a competition? If not, wouldn't the last competitors be at a disadvantage compared to the first ones?
With the underpass built isnt Waverly a better option?
And the whole floor count in Trump tower is a total scam, not surprisingly
*you're
I laughed so hard I couldn't breathe when I saw the Simmons one the first time.
Man, kids today.
I know, this video is really polarizing
Swing OVER her head? Seriously? Watch it again -- it was a downward swing.
So was the video -- they should have used a Kodiak camera.
Have to post this: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Yy44s_de15Y
When were you ever allowed to refill cups like those at a 7-11? Those are not the refillable ones you can buy.
That's a great idea.
If the RCMP was going to lose evidence like you're describing, why would they bother charging him in the first place? There is no love lost between the RCMP and the WPS -- the RCMP want these charges to stick. Now, how the WPS lawyer is going to get the officer off by knowing all the loopholes in the system, that's a different issue.
&gt; most people in the UK don't care Then why are UK papers constantly filled with stories about the Royals? If few people cared the papers wouldn't really sell that well, would they?
Where in the Forks?
I wish they would remap the share button to something else. Seriously, what % of PS4 users actually used that damn thing?
Exactly -- that comment is along the same lines as "Well I don't do anything bad so I have nothing to worry about"
YUP! Main and Pioneer is brutal for this.
Exactly -- they seem to feel it is not their fault at all, since the traffic stopping ahead of them wasn't their fault. The last time this came up in this sub there were people who swore up and down that they got stuck in a pedestrian crossing 'all the time' because of cars changing lanes in front of them at the last minute. As a pedestrian I have rarely seen this been the cause of a crossing blocker.
Please explain this comment. You're saying that because too many people broke the law complained about getting caught for breaking the law, the police were told to stop enforcing the law at that particular location? Because that really sounds like total nonsense.
The interesting thing about that is they are breaking 2 laws by going straight -- the right turn only during rush hour, and the diamond lane which requires them to take the next turn anyway.
Those signs are posted on the streets themselves, but not the back lanes. Are left turns onto back lanes legal in between those signs?
OK, then what's your radical idea for traffic enforcement if there is no penalty for breaking the law?
No matter what planning you do, there will be people willing to break the law to gain whatever tiny advantage they can -- always. If punishments via tickets isnt the answer to breaking the law, how do you stop lawbreakers?
Why bother locking them up at all then? Why not just execute anyone who doesn't "act human"?
In a previous news article a Tuxedo resident was complaining that a gas station was going to be built. A fucking GAS STATION, when there already is that Mobil one at Grant and Kenaston. As if a Petro Canada at the corner of Taylor and Kenaston is going to affect the property value of some house on Park Blvd.
Oh, you mean for the tens of thousands of EV owners that would make use of it? It would be better to build one on the other side of the city from the Polo charging station would it not?
BuT gOvernMenT REguLaTiOnS hUrT iNduSTrY ProFiTs!
&gt; cardboard derivatives are right out. Like paper?
How can anyone determine when a safety regulation becomes 'excessive'? Who gets to decide that?
Right, so the owner of this rig likely looked at the regulations regarding checking the structural stability of platforms and providing routine maintenance and decided that they were 'excessive'. As we can see in the linked clip that worked out SO WELL.
Maybe, but you have to keep checking it, maybe with an OBD reader, to make sure that some second thing isn't also wrong, and is a real concern.
Is your comma key broken?
This video is clearly from the year 2005 when cell phone cameras were in their 1 mb infancy.
&gt; Corporations are people, my friend -- Mitt Romney.
&gt; Don't forget the voting rights act he helped slay Didnt Roberts say that killing the act was fine because there wasn't any more racism? Fuck him.
Which youtube synthwave mix did you make this for?
What does the bus line have to do with fiber optics? What makes you think it was an either/or situation?
What makes you think that was a possibility though? The case was made to the feds for the rapid transit, they said OK. If the case was made for fiber optics to help a private company make profits they would have likely said no, so relating the 2 of them out of the blue like that is absolute nonsense.
Thermocooker then?
Or more like /r/AteTheOnion since the headline is fake.
I think what is more stupid than either of those are people who believe this article is real.
Except that setting a trap like this would be more illegal than stealing the bike would. edit: This would absolutely be considered a booby trap, which, even on your own property is illegal: https://www.cbc.ca/news/canada/manitoba/manitoba-cracks-down-on-booby-traps-1.1856170
Yes officer I secured it to a fence with a VERY long cable so that he could get up some speed before brutally crashing, and oh, I set up a camera some distance away and down hill from where I left my bike so that I could catch the hilarious brain injury that I caused. Yeah, talk to any lawyer and they will tell you that you will get in serious shit for doing this.
Someone with no one to lose, and who was injured in the process might, sure. They could say that they thought it was a friends bike and they were returning it. With no visible lock that might actually work. Also I could see some criminal grifter type trying to squeeze money out of the process. The cops wouldn't need the thief to do anything if they had that video.
Spicy Lemon Chicken.
Do you work for a company that does? Leaving USB's in parking lots is a good way of auditing your employees security practices.
Thats bullshit -- its no difference than someone setting a booby trap for a thief trying to break into their house. It's still illegal despite the fact that the victim of the trap is also committing a crime. What is stopping the cops from charging both people with crimes in these situations? Read what I linked -- I'm certain $25,000 and 6 months in jail is a hell of a lot more than a bike thief would ever get.
And meanwhile Pallister is going to rotate Cameron Friesen, a former teacher and principal, through every cabinet post except Education.
https://i.imgur.com/OKllHmP.jpg
Signs just acknowledge that they know there is a danger so that makes it worse. Joking of course, but that argument has been made in lawsuits in the past.
Dave Jones goes on and on about how you can never trust "experts" on any subject. It's just hilarious.
https://flavors-of-mexico.square.site/
Can you give an example of people who have been 'Canceled' because they posted "a single thing" that slightly diverged "from the groupthink message"?
There apparently are shelters around but these people don't feel safe there. Not sure what the solution is.
A new Winners....probably.
That wasn't a weekly event like a CFL game.
Black people as well. In the youtube comments section on the Spiderman: Miles Morales trailer there were a bunch of comments whining about not being able "to just play as Peter Parker instead".
Good thing we don't have to worry about tigers, thanks to my rock that keeps tigers away.
Are we certain the schools that requested the content to be excluded were, in fact, donors? These schools should be named...I doubt they would experience any shame though.
/r/thalassophobia
Shouldn't that mean their ping should be better?
Another thread in this post is talking about how terrible Shaws pings are.
