It's always Granola season in the Alpha Galaxy
*plays* ***rock software*** *to the tune of rock lobster*
I believe in mysticism and cold reading is a hot bowl of bullshit
67 Zimbabwean Dollars
If you go back to the beginning of the comment listening skills sounds a whole lot worse
That's hilarious.
This is a space opera story
I still hate those people, so I'll find it funny in a few years if there isn't a nuke war
Thanks
Agreed. Other than the "going dark" Congressional testimonies, I've liked everything he had to say.
Ssh keys are for Communists and women who wish to steal our vital essence.
Definitely vibes of the godless evolution professor and the eagle named small government
Nope, you just pay whatever your deductible is and your payments are the same.
Be seeing ya, John.
This is /r/dankchristianmemes material
Hey, never-mo here but I just wanna give you kudos for hanging out in r/exmormon, acting cool and (presumably) not just down voting everything.
It's like saying My Queen, or Your Grace. In this case, it's a title, even if it's unique.
Simpsons did it.
Don't do any work
Logging into multiple accounts at once.
They do not.
Anal Destroyer 5
About 11. Tried fucking a couch.
Unique New York.
I carry a little Buddha statue in my coin pocket of my jeans, as well as a dollar coin. It keeps me feeling centered, and just in case the Greeks are right, I have a toll to pay the Ferryman.
Love.
PNW too, Raspipass all the way for me.
And then return immediately in triumph.
Great goal.
Thank you, agree completely.
May the Earth lie light upon him.
Modsoup is fun to check out for modding. I use sync for day to day usage
I'll brawl ur mum
Never-mo fellow traveler here. I'd ask about the secret handshakes, the blood atonement and the ritual throat cutty ceremony thing. Also the Heaven Plus Plus™ where you get your own planet, if you haven't seen.
Is discernment a special Mormon word for bullshit?
How did you get the asterisks with the 9 in the middle?
I said "would you kindly" because Bioshock.
I love everything Melodysheep does.
Quite serious with large doses of wry hyperbole in descriptions.
Hopefully
"... Because of the implication. Dennis, are you going to hurt these women?"
Anchorman ***and*** sequel memes? I'm in love
I'd ask in /r/seattlewa. And /r/Everett even though it's quieter
The line at the bottom got me, I laughed pretty hard
I didn't realize it was this weekend. Shoot it's probably too late to get tickets
Terminal Lance has taught me officers wives are hotter than the forces of science can explain.
Most people in America are overweight. A plurality is obese. Eating normally is bad for your health and bad for living a long, happy life.
You can do it, buddy. I regained about 25 pounds, but I've already lost 3 pounds tracking my calories every day. "Failure" isn't permanent and you can do it!
"Freedom of speech is only legitimate when praising the government. God bless General Mills, Disney Corporation, Exon Mobil."
Garfield: Kitty Force
We hang out in /r/menslib. The first kind, that is.
It has a lot of cultish behaviors that make it hard to leave
I love Jeselnik because you get the impression that he cares about people in shit situations, and he isn't punching down when he talks shit about a woman surgeon or whatever so much as making fun of the people who actually believe that shit.
Mom's Spaghetti
I'm hoping so
Yeah, is that supposed to avoid problematic discussions or somehow disagreeing with them? Seems stupid. I give my trans friends money and food when they need it because they're my friends. Same with my cis friends.
Dude, are you suggesting being gay or trans is just a mental illness, nothing more? That seems like a pretty shitty thing to think.
I was really hoping that sub was good, but it has a lot more hatred of trans people and women then I'm comfortable with.
This won't actually affect the sitting Congress because of the [27th Amendment.](https://constitutioncenter.org/interactive-constitution/amendments/amendment-xxvii)
i made this
More books are published now than in any other time in human history.
Can you use mod toolbox outside subs you mod?
[my](https://danq.me/megamegamonitor/gilding-graph/output/Jotebe-20180120221657-96dd28ed.html) highest gilded "user" is also deleted, so I think it is lumping everyone into that pile too.
I think its every gilded person who deleted their account. Somehow that made me feel less sad too
Makes sense, I think I found the subreddit searcher. Now my only complaint is it won't find some people I want to gild in the Megas, grrrrrr
this is a good idea, I'll try it, thanks!
it is now! https://aur.archlinux.org/packages/unimatrix-git/ somebody made it 10 minutes before I pushed my PKGBUILD, haha.
for Arch users this has already been uploaded to the AUR. https://aur.archlinux.org/packages/unimatrix-git/
making all those businesses!
I used to be for my partners having a healthy amount of sexual experience. Then I realized they'd be able to compare.
"Thunder Dome administrators"
Thank you!
I certainly am.
I have a couple copies of the CES Letter on my bookshelf, and I feel like they might run away once I started talking to them about it.
I think this might be the case they're discussing. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Watchtower_Bible_%26_Tract_Society_of_New_York,_Inc._v._Village_of_Stratton Can't regulate speech by making them get a permit, which may cover solicitation regulations. IANAL though.
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Watchtower_Bible_%26_Tract_Society_of_New_York,_Inc._v._Village_of_Stratton Could this be similar to what they were talking about?
I'm very sorry you feel that way. I hope someday you get to know people who are gay, or trans, on a human level, and you can see a little through their eyes.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=keqbSQtqyOk
Because compassion for other human beings is one of the best things we can have and we can do as people, and I hope you find a little more of that.
Unfortunately I don't think it can work with the 27th Amendment. But it would be good.
Stragglers must die
Thank you! Blessings be upon you
True. I think that this must be the case they're thinking of, though.
Happy cake day
The only winning move is not to pla- wait damnit
thanks!
It appears by his cape that the Chief of the Air Force can fly under his own power.
Where are these going for 250?
That was a great article. Very funny.
This is an excellent point about my self depreciation. I hate you for having the confidence to know this.
Thanks man
Thanks for the assistance Mr. FPA
Awesome, hope to attend one one day
We've all been down the Ice Road of dispair.
Rethuglican is pretty funny.
Oh god it's empty...
SJW to Skeleton and Millennials to Snake People have done more for me to enjoy online correspondence over any other thing.
Ah, so the order of the Greybeards is alive and well in the modern age.
Ironically I find this to be the least believable part of the scenario
You are an excellent gambler, my good (wo)man.
I ANAL, but I do believe Brown V. Board of Education was a unanimous decision.
ACD is adjournment in contemplation of dismissal, do I have that right?
So it appears the only power great enough to debunk Snopes is in fact Snopes itself.
I find your attitude reprehensible. I completely believe McConnell bullied his position to steal a nomination from the sitting President and Gorsuch is in a stolen seat that should have been filled by Merrick Garland. That being said I would never wish death or harm upon Gorsuch, because despite an ideological bent, he believes in the rule of law, and wanting judges to die or worse, be bumped off so we can get the verdicts that align with our politics is a path to the decay and damage to the rule of law.
Would you believe this is my most common citation?
I like the one about what to call a copy machine much better.
As someone who sees Satan as Her Majesty's Loyal Opposition, I don't think you're in such a bad place, really.
The Die is Cast! I'm with Her!
If the defense attorney pulls his gun and kills the judge, I assume under both common law and Necromonger law he becomes the new judge.
I'm afraid I couldn't joke about that, as I find these damn kids needing to get off my lawn, get jobs and stop all this rap music to be the #1 political and community issue.
I've heard he's going to appear on First Mondays, the official unofficial podcast about the Supreme Court.
I live around here! Maybe I'm less likely to get missionaries to talk with now.
Just like Dune, they get much less good after the first three.
You're supposed to say no. How could you honor something that kills your son, that steals your daughter? The only moral choice is refuse.
Even the Jewish law allows breaking all of the rules save three in order to save a life.
that's so horrifying. I'm so sorry.
Glenn Greenwald has a pointed opinion of doubting the veracity of any narrative that involves Russian meddling or influence in the US election, and is well known for it of late.
I visited KiAction recently after having been away from it for quite some time and the level of hate and vitriol literally made me a bit queasy.
Exactly! Men get a much better position in the prejudicial structure, but even a predefined position of power is harmful when it requires a man as an individual to conform to the hyper-idealized stereotypes of whatever a "real man" really is, or he's steamrolled by the same judgmental apparatus. Leaving behind prejudice allows men to be themselves, in their own ways, and avoid the suffocating and toxic models they're pressured to follow.
I agree completely.
I feel like you should check out /r/menslib if you haven't
I have a very capitalistic positive worldview and would describe myself as a democratic socialist and I've never been banned or warned from /r/latestagecapitalism with my chill pro capitalism comments
I don't think that's true at all, I think the left takes a lot more criticism, warranted or not, and allows people with respectful tones to disagree almost always.
This is a great picture. You have great hair. Awesome.
Did they scream and shrivel like the wicked witch?
Ascots are GAY?!
They're more work than you'd think, best to just enjoy it without extra stuff to have to do.
I like the fact he's willing to craft a hypothetical about the church being both a fiction and Satan's church on earth. Reminds me of Mustapha Mond.
There are good reasons for not making replaceable batteries. If you're trying to make a device thin and with the maximum mAh you can, soft cell batteries fit a lot more juice in the same area. Removable batteries take up a lot more room for the housing, the hard cell container around the actual battery, etc. Plus for a lot of devices, the water resistance is from glue and membranes that keep there from being any regular opening to the internals. AFAIK I've never seen a water resistant phone with replaceable batteries. Not to say they're nessessarily right or it's the feature skew everyone should choose, but I don't think OEMs are always the evil boogeymen doing this for no reason that some folks seem to believe.
We ain't found shit!
Isle of Brittania, 424 AD
Just have to keep the line you got the BOGO phone on
Cutco makes great stuff, have a block on my counter.
I bet she went home, cut down a tree, and wood carved a chair to relax in, as she does every night.
Old Man's War is an amazing book.
I'm glad, I hope you feel better.
This lady built the whole spreadsheet from scratch, every day, an achievement both impressive and horrifying. I assume she does this in other areas of her life, carves new furniture out of wood every evening to relax in, probably plants grain in the morning to harvest for tonights dinner.
# #servicemeanscitizenship
In their defense, it would be a lot harder to run bots on a mainframe with tape reels back then
This is like Dark Knight Rises, when Bane says the bomb trigger is in the hands of an anonymous citizen
I'm sure you unconditionally condemn Trump for asking WikiLeaks to dump DNC emails during the campaign, of course.
This is the first food picture in a long time that makes me want to crawl through the screen and eat the hell out of it
Hey there, I used to work for AT&amp;T. Not being able to use your phone doesn't make sense to me; you should be able to put it on a single line Unlimited Choice for like $60 plus tax. I'd double check your plan options, you shouldn't need a new phone if yours is working.
It sounds like making snap judgements about people may be very wrong, and egotistical.
If that's what they said verbatim, they were full of it. Your phone will have to be fully paid off, however.
We could find more hypotheticals to try to disprove the rule but personally I'm not gonna instigate a fight with an obviously unstable person who has a weapon.
Jesus fucking Christ.
Everybody knows the way to accidentally get to the top of the new machine queue is to be nice to your IT staff, and accidentally leave cookies, red bull and nice scotch for them.
If I'm getting this right from context, it sounds like they're telling you the phones you can buy without monthly payments would be worse than what you have now, which is probably true. You won't be able to get out of paying the phone, though, because if you switch from postpaid to a prepaid plan, you'll end up getting a bill for everything you owe on this phone. Also, on prepaid, you'll be buying all your phones full retail cost, upfront, so if you want a nicer one than a G6 be prepared to spend at least a few hundred dollars.
It's bad luck to shave your own balls on your wedding day. Traditionally, you have them shaved by your greatest enemy, as an expression of confident trust, like the Frankish Kings would have their noble lords dress their monarch in his bedchambers.
Even ghost and horse!
That's priceless.
I want to steal this for flair
Lol if you want to have more than one person than communicate like an adult and don't date someone who isn't okay with you being poly/swinging. This is a dick move. I'm poly and have been cheated on, doesn't make it okay.
Thanks for modding I absolutely don't subscribe to /r/tentai on my other account
Mind ya business
Welcome to the fun side
Yeah but I bet Amtrak be pissed if that's how I try to go to work every week
Yeah, I think it's why the term white nationalist and white supremacists were created. To try to whitewash (lol) the ideals of neonazis and Klan members.
As a non Muslim sex positive Westerner guy, I have to say stuff like sex trafficking is despicable, but I don't look down on women who choose to do sex work for themselves. I don't think sex is bad or inherently unclean, and I respect my friends who do sex work, and I definitely don't think they're objects or less than people.
Thanks for posting
That's fair. The sex bus thing made me laugh a lot, thank you.
Is mayonnaise an emergency?
It smells terrible and no amount of armchair chemistry will change the fact it smells terrible. Why would you do this. Just pull your pants down and get a towel for your wand. JFC
Bless you, OP. I hope your life is filled with living and joy, as much as you can bear.
I love it.
Except enjoying consentual sex always seems to be a little bit extra bad.
This was so good I'm smiling
This is the most American thing I've ever seen.
I work at the business factory, myself.
I hate every last one of them.
Identity is not authenticity. Thanks for writing this, it pulled me down with the Antimemetic Division and Omega Zero wormholes. As far as I know it was my first time reading them and I love it.
Can't wait to read more with the Saints.
Please clap.
Never drink a mimic
False and homosexual, your Honor.
Your disgusting Nazi ideals are so laughably abhorrent that splitting hairs is the only rational discourse you deserve.
Truly a fate worse than death.
My name is John Henry Eden.
Lol lds board
Holy damn. Now I've heard everything.
And they were wrong, too.
My best question I've come up with for the tyrannical government argument is when, specifically, do you start shooting? The mailman? Police officers? How do you know when things are better? I keep bringing up how people who go on killing sprees of police aren't usually seen as the freedom fighters, and did Timothy McVeigh have the right idea, as he clearly thought the Feds trampled on the 2nd Amendment and he was resisting the government, but I've heard that's different and no good reasons why.
In military address, you'd call at Lt. Commander or Lt. Colonel "Commander" or "Colonel" unless you needed to refer to their fill title.
Hey there! Thanks for doing the giveaway
You're not wrong, but for what it was, it was a step in the right direction, and is better than the current Republican plan, "fuck your pre-existing conditions, the poor should die in the streets."
That's not neighborly at all.
Tux Racer. I rest my case.
It's great when you need a quick and intense justice boner.
Francis? Francis?!?!
It feels inappropriate to say "awesome," but ... Awesome.
Having been in retail management, I can tell you that if this location is down 90% in their metrics, OPs additional help is deck chairs on the Titanic. If it's closing, it's closing.
This is my favorite one.
I don't think animals trapped and dying in terrible forest fires and babies dying of terrible and painful cancers are neither necessary or excusable for teaching any sort of lesson.
I understand your metaphor, and I don't think it's terrible. I'm saying these are examples of cruelties and suffering that I don't believe can be excused by any perspective.
It's definitely a theoretical framework for morality, but I don't believe it can be true in any cohert sense with any of these random bouts of suffering. I don't think you can work out any system of good and evil that requires innocent children dying of cancer or birth defects in order to be ethically meaningful. I don't think that can be coherently defended. If you make a further argument that omniscient morality is beyond our human understanding, then I think it implies there is a system of absolute morality that supercedes our own understanding, and I reject that, as I don't believe any system of god based morality can make things like infant suffering and genocide moral because it comes from a source that is "infinitely good." I respectfully disagree that it's hubris to claim that me saying genocide is never morally acceptable because I am not omniscient.
That's a perfectly coherent worldview. I think there are too few dystheists out there. I just am unconvinced by theistic and christian arguments that all these things must be a product of perfect compassion and morality, because that's what they must believe.
Sir, I just want to confirm you are upset because we sent you the quantity you ordered. Is that correct?
I use Easy2Boot if I wanna stick a bunch of ISOs and boot from those.
Easy2Boot is black magic and I don't think I could use another multiple iso boot solution after getting used to how easy it is
And of course he has a large legal budget
I ANAL but I did ~~stay at a Holiday Inn Express~~ listen to Opening Arguments, and I don't see any way this could be considered Dave "Acted either negligently or with actual malice."
That's more sad humor.
I like the one with Unions where you can hear him ready to murder people
I like live episodes, am I allowed to say that?
Nope, as long as they practice safe sex habits.
Thanks for posting this, it's really really good.
*K7LWA-SK* One of my Ham buddies passed today. It would be cool to have his callsign. Godspeed, old friend.
You guys are both beautiful. No homo but I'd sleep with either or both of you :)
One of us one of us
Impure pazaak
US Tech license here
Yeah buddy
Can't wait to hear about this on God Awful Movies
Right??
I am personally attacked by the moon shit thank you
I have the same issue with a cable in my car. I might try another car charger if you have access to it.
So many lone wolves with similar goals and adjectives and methods and hanging out in similar places and using similar communication apps
They're my favorite fuckin' Twitter I send them love notes all the time
[ahh...](https://i.imgur.com/U4rVOAJ.jpg)
Yikes
Ha ha ha ha I'm mad now
Tom Hardy enters the room behind you, having already chosen his mate for the night. Suprise
Yeah can't see why I'd not believe in someone who would torture me for eternity for not believing in his contradictory and genocidal book, or his stuck up and gay hating followers. But fuck me right? ¯\\\_(ツ)_/¯
No job considers following it's own policies to be a fireable offence.
True, but management punishing someone for following their own policies isn't good management. I think we both know what would happen if the customer lied or wasn't supposed to be able to check in, and OP was found to have broken policy for her.
Ahh, the Judge Dredd clause.
When you get older can't you meet people who want to have real sex with you?
Her tweeting about it on her official account is breaking ethic regulations and the law lol
Like I know it's wierd because Trump administration shits on all sorts of laws weekly but her tweeting about a personal issue from her official government account is breaking the law.
&gt;(a)Inducement or coercion of benefits. &gt;It’s the same as if an ATF agent pulled out his badge when a restaurant tried to throw him/her out. Sorry that I am gonna trust the former top ethics lawyer of the Executive over your analysis of the law.
You gotta meet women like the women I know, my friend.
Super great.
First of all how dare you
I don't know if that is something that is universally true, that men always have a higher sex drive than women, so I genuinely believe your experience may not be typical or the overwhelming norm.
I think you totally did, to be honest.
Hey at least you were right
Yikes
Holy shit that's the best way this horrible situation could have gone
One time I went to an anime convention and Jesus was there. So I had him sign my Bible.
That's Professor Hawk!
May God grant you the compassion he has until now denied you.
There's a minority that actually seems to be quite allergic to learning the details when it conflicts with their charitable interpretation of his statements.
I have that same mug as well! What a lovely collection.
You can't.
Hail me!
What, you think anyone can just buy those?
Me_irl
If you cover your head this looks a little bit fun
If you're gonna be shitty, there are way more funny and creative ways to be an asshole, for sure.
I am now!
My best wishes for his family and his speedy recovery.
Because it's probably not safe to needle dopamine directly into your brain, so this is a close second
We have that, it's called polyamory. Multiple legal marriages probably won't ever happen because our legal system has absolutely no solutions for how to do stuff in multiple simultaneous marriages. If it comes from a religious motivation, or doesn't treat women as equals, then it becomes "consentual" and you end up with a Warren Jeffs situation.
Lol this article has better citing than most sinister sounding ones, but I gotta say, I'd like to know more about the authors magickal or Satanic tradition, cuz I'm pretty sure baptisms aren't high on the list for either (or at all.)
I don't wanna be a spoilsport, but this is a pretty tired joke and I think it dunks on stuff that trans people actually deal with.
When will someone make this into an actual browser skin? I'll use it pretty much forever.
Do you think he has enough conviction to actually refuse on racist principle though? I think he'd take the organ and slink away to be racist faster than Ayn Rand can say "Social Security for me and not for thee"
Big fan of sjvn's work
I'm about to follow this rabbit hole down under, wish me luck.
Fair thee well, dear cuntaroons
Neo Nazis might be pagan but they'd never go for The Goddess
Nope, all nudity is disallowed, basically, unless "art" or political
I mean, I think they value women, but sorta the way you'd get a value on Kelly Blue Book.
It's incredibly stupid.
Holy crap I hadn't noticed, the prodigal yarnspinner returned!
Team YADM here as well. It's been pretty good. ( Now I just have to really understand the encryption stuff )
If you were sitting for the bar, this all sounds like more than reasonable precaution. Bring a small hunting knife in case of predators.
One of these Sundays try a morning wine and evening coffee and it gets pretty fun
Hear hear. There is a God, and her name is Aeropress. So good.
As someone who has been to Las Vegas, it's true, the entire state, soon as you cross the border is one unbroken chain of brothels and houses of sin. Strongly recommend a visit
Holy hell, fuck your mom. That's awful. I hope you've been able to enjoy the game again later.
Nothing wrong with that, decaf is methadone for caffeinated adults and is still enjoyable.
Excellent.
Have you guys ever heard of Arch Linux? I only ask because I use Arch btw
I went in on CHIRP to disable transmit on those frequencies because I was afraid of doing this accidentally
Hitachi personal massager
I didn't see mention of any tacklenecks here
What is your original face before your mother was born?
As long as it's as dark up there as it is down here I'm happy
Lovely
I've dated several women who both were not virgins and had been pregnant before, so "nobody" is categorically out
I feel the plural of your anecdotes is not data.
Not sure why the consent of your partner isn't important to you; I would be absolutely unable to enjoy anything if they didn't want to participate, personally. Why can't people with sex drives just choose sexual stuff with willing and consenting partners? Why is the only way to sex misogyny?
Ave Satanas
I'm incredibly impressed you're qualified to explain my own thoughts and experiences with romantic commitment.
I don't know if you can, Satan usually has a better sense of design and typography
[Tell me, Mr. Anderson...](https://youtu.be/rWBntJAvTmY)
Can you honestly argue that he wouldn't
You look good either way!
I think they meant like "don't mention it"
Yes of course
The investigation I saw on CPC was focused on "weaning off" the women from assistance after the baby was born.
I read a book called the New New Deal that lays out where it went. He can probably check it out at the library.
What does this mean?
Alright, good one buddy. I'm asking about shapeshift
Oh, you're referencing jewish people.
They just carried it, though, they didn't put it anywhere.
Lol sometimes we get t_d dudes coming to hang out
All we can hope is that Dawk publicly agreeing drops two petals off the rose that gives glinnter ciswank his half life, cursed life
Not that Christian, my man. Age of consent laws are pretty great.
I wrote that on my first credit card, and I got it checked about 6 times, once in a Wendy's drive through. I thanked them, especially the Wendy's girl out there holding the line for me.
Too late. JK Rowling has already issued you homosexuality.
Honestly, if your hardware runs qemu/kvm just follow [their guide](https://passthroughpo.st/new-and-improved-mac-os-tutorial-part-1-the-basics/), it's pretty dang easy, worked on my thinkpad x220, and sets up the difficult part which is the config files and virtual devices in the process.
Yeah it's a pretty fun place. Refreshing to step out of the JBP circlejerk elsewhere on the internet.
If you look at my /r/JP comments on masstagger, I believe you'll see I am down voted in a whirlwind for mild disagreement. Plus I did a ton of research before I could definitively say JBP was carelessly, negligently wrong, or lying for a political goal, and they're not interested in any of that.
I think that paper would talk about Atheism+ vs anti-SJWs and I'm not equipped to talk about it's history, but I think [this video](https://youtu.be/69obN625Fjs) helps a bit as for the ideological trajectory
It can't be Allsup, he's a Nazi
You'll sue the day you ever crossed paths with me
Gitlab totally still there. I'm not sure if there was another git platform that got shut down.
Discrimination-as-a-microservice
Same
All the reports are correct other than neoNazis. I talk at great length about the rise of reactionaries and far right white nationalists and neoNazis all the time, and even I don't think anti vaxxers are particularly Nazish
Looks cute my dude
As long as it's a non governmental solution to make anime real
12/10 title
How many omlettes did you make while on the phone?
Cool, thanks.
Mr. Bitcoin?
I usually just use [arch-wiki-man](https://aur.archlinux.org/packages/arch-wiki-man/)
I agree, but seeing politics devoted to ignoring possibly existential threats to our own planet, the cover up is becoming the least to the most believable part of the Dinosaurs, to me.
Perhaps unsuccessful partial incursions with the Krenim led to the chroniton shielding.
Whoops, don't tell him I downvote him every time
I wouldn't say so, BDSM M/s should involve some sort of mutual care, respect, understanding, and discernment. This sounds like some Tattooine slave market fanfic shit
Yep, that's why I slid that should in there, because the good/norm isn't always what actually happens, but the case this is talking about being way creepier
Definitely not the Tories
"whoops sorry no wheelies"
Agreed. It's a good idea if they have approved vendors but I assume this was more of a "item not on purchase list" than security issue
This goes well with the recent "Nazis were the true leftists" narrative pushed by people who think we are under siege by a foreign threat and a strong authoritarian leader is needed to fix the treasonous machinations by the elected fatcats and independent branches of government, as well as the perfidious evils done by the (((global banking interests))). No idea why they are interested in redefining the political positions held by Nazis, though.
Nice, thanks for this
Night of the Wrong Wives is the Nazi drama of our generation
From what I understand, sometimes ace people will masturbate, even though they don't desire sex with anyone, as just a form of maintenance. Another friend I know who is ace maybe has a bit of a desire for sex once or twice a year, and that's about it. I'm assuming for practical purposes, 0.00001% of desire is about equal to 0%, and it's useful for themselves and how they interact with others identifying as ace. I just try to remember all labels of sexuality are reductive, at least a little bit, and they can be useful, but like all categorization, people can be a bit more varied and unique.
Some of these would be great for some alt-reality retro wallpapers to be honest
Here's some more! https://www.theatlantic.com/politics/archive/2018/01/gop-immigration-bill/550724/ https://www.nytimes.com/2017/08/02/us/politics/trump-immigration.html
And a white nationalist/white supremacist conspiracy theory!
Here's them trying to reduce all immigration https://www.theatlantic.com/politics/archive/2018/01/gop-immigration-bill/550724/ https://www.nytimes.com/2017/08/02/us/politics/trump-immigration.html
Enormous victory in the skirmish of concepts
I upvoted you. I think it's really just the intense moral authority he claims to make a lot of money, the villification of a school system that doesn't share his conservative values, and his blaise attitude towards the alt right/racist component of his fanbase that uses his politics/idw disdain for "identity politics/sjws" to recruit for their causes and draw people further right.
If it were one lecture irresponsibly talking about the Nazis motivations in the Holocaust, I'd agree with you completely. If it's a new fame and career based around how disadvantaged people shouldn't organize, nor morally can they advocate for social change until they solve all their personal problems, it makes me a little less live and let live about his harmful ideas.
Sure, I have another friend who identifies as graysexual, I don't think you have to 100% never engage in or feel desire for any sexual anything forever to be ace enough, but I'm not sure. I assume it's up to the person for the label they feel fits them best.
Agreed, just wear one a little lower
Because you've linked me to the FBI statistics about the systematic discrimination some people face in the justice system based on their race, I must now reluctantly slip on this Nazi armband.
How could a conservative give a shit about workers freely contracting among themselves and companies when rich folk need a-worshipping?
Interesting, are you aware of the difference between criticism and persecution?
Please explain how Eli Valley's criticism of Ben Shapiro for his political positions and views on Palestinians and Israel is prejudiced against Jews.
I need a Charlie Kirk mii
I fucking knew it was Comrade Cora she's my waifu crush
Because his grift depends on his being smug and correct, and can't entertain information or arguments that are too good and might change his current positions
If gay people were treated like straight people there would be no need for a pride parade
Right wing destroyed
Sorry you gotta jump up and stick it to the stereotype board
Yeah, I feel more affinity to the term bisexual for whatever reason over pansexual, but I think most of the issues crop up when people try to carve out hardline differences between bi/pan, and that often leads to transphobic separation of trans people like they aren't their actual gender and they're kinda like second class citizens. That's where the harm can come in I believe
It's so interesting to see people identify so hard with a distro. U can't imagine taking it so seriously, that's why I use Arch. ^^^^^i ^^^^^use ^^^^^Arch ^^^^^btw
I enjoyed the mix-up but those questions linked right above it seem like some pretty decent factual questions
Her intellect, sense of style and personality make her content incredibly enjoyable. As a cis dude, I love learning more about trans issues and the trans experience. I have several close friends who are trans, and I both want to honor their uniqueness and respect who they are in the most skillful possible way, I also appreciate being able to speak up for trans people and trans rights in the mud slinging discussions online, or among disrespectful people. Trans people often have to be involuntary ambassadors for their very existence, and I think people like me being able to speak up in the face of particularly vile hate and vitriol might save someone far more hurt by those words from doing so, or might reach someone who is ignorant and hurtful, but isn't unreachable as far as changing their worldview.
Despite checkered issues in their past, including questionable Managing Director decisions, I still feel the Foundation for LGBT Safe Shelters and/or Pervert Parades is the best charity in this space, and will continue contributing 34% of my income to it.
I've messed around with the PIV functionality and OpenSC, and if you don't need them in the same session, I've disabled/stopped the gpg-agent service before in order to try that instead. So that might be an alternative option
As a consequentialist matter if these questions of opsec are something you require help with, this isn't something you should even consider getting into. 500% very bad idea.
Lol what
Thank you for saying so. I want to learn from trans people, I want to stand up when I have opportunities to, and I don't ever want to be complacent or speak over the experience of trans people, because ultimately I'm always using 2nd and 3rd hand knowledge about what it means to be trans. I hesitate to even call myself an ally, as I feel sometimes the word has a negative connotation of people awarding themselves participation medals, and I think honestly this is the least somebody could do, and really should do for any group with unique challenges and facing discrimination or unfair treatment. I appreciate getting to talk to people who want to learn in good faith, but also I like to argue with people who are pretty rude, because I don't like the latent assertion that anti trans people are being "real" or "sticking to the facts" in some way that trans people don't, and I appreciate bringing all the huge numbers of medical organizations, scientific studies and the consensus on what being trans is, what gender dysphoria is, that the best treatment for dysphoria is transition, and any principled argument against that generally boils down to "I *feel* like it's not a thing so I ignore the science and data. Also it makes me feel icky."
These are wonderful, thank you so much!
This comment made my day
That is not a very good sub.
[The best anarcho-monarchist explanation I've ever read came from here](http://reddit.com/r/Anarchy101/comments/880hae/anarchomonarchism/dwgx6ph) &gt; It's actually a thing, (not in real life of course), and it exists sort of as a stepping stone for ancaps to move into fascism. The whole ideology is a bit of a joke, so forgive me if my description isn't too generous. Also, like anarcho-capitalism, anarcho-monarchism is more of a thought experiment than anything else (so don't expect much with regard to practicalities). &gt;So, basically, anarcho-monarchism sees the anti-democratic tradition of monarchism and seeks to repurpose it towards individualism, correctly identifying liberal democracy as the biggest obstacle to any stateless society. The idea is basically that a monarch could serve as a foil to the state, rather than a figurehead. The special status of the monarch could be based mainly upon invocations of ancient volkish nonsense like divine right, kinship, blood and soil, hereditary succession, and so on. However, instead of sharing power with (or being controlled by) the state, the monarch's central purpose is to serve as a sort of dark messiah that strikes it down wherever it emerges. In doing so the monarch ensures that both the freedom of the people, whilst also eliminating a threat to their special sort of 'rule.' I use quotation marks because this system is distinctly not feudal, the monarch doesn't sit atop a hierarchy based on land and vassalage. &gt;TL;DR: Ancapistan with a King Batman running around preventing the state from re-emerging. Stepping stone for ancaps who already know they don't care for the poor, minorities, and democracy, but have just realised that an unchecked strongman is actually really handy for establishing and enforcing a socio-economic ideal, especially one that favours the free exercise of hegemonic power with no regard for systemic oppression, structural violence, or genuinely egalitarian social participation. "Show me a society where I could maximise specifically my freedom as a white male, without giving up privileges. Also not fascism, kthxbai" more or less.
Of course, it can? Transition is the medical remedy for dysphoria and acceptance and gender affirmation has a positive impact in trans people, and abuse, discrimination and malicious misgendering can absolutely cause harm?
What sort of people do you think will be incentivised to use his subscription platform that won't moderate their content, over bigger and free social networks? Could it be those with views banned from those networks?
What I think is interesting is the reserve power of the Queen in the Commonwealth, and I like to imagine alt/future-history where some big war/shit goes down, and maybe each Commonwealth country agrees to put a different monarch on each Commonwealth throne, as they're all technically separate but united in the Crown. Maybe for fun one of them goes anarcho-monarchist
I'm not sure where your feelings on the subject come from, my man, but [I prefer to follow the science and the facts.](https://i.imgur.com/3bYdWry.jpg) If you're looking to learn more about the scientific and medical consensus, including why transition is the accepted treatment for gender dysphoria, and why no reputable or mainstream medical body is advocating for repression or conversion therapy, I can pull a reading list for you, if you're willing to read through it. Not understanding why it's the case isn't transphobic. If you prefer to ignore the research, and the documented positive medical outcomes, and the facts because you *really feel* that "they're all delusional and wanting attention and it can't be a real thing," then yeah. You're probably transphobic. Let me know if you're willing to read up on the science and I'll get you links.
Your concerns, I believe, are well addressed in [my favorite essay on the subject.](https://slatestarcodex.com/2014/11/21/the-categories-were-made-for-man-not-man-for-the-categories/) To quote, &gt;Imagine if we could give depressed people a much higher quality of life merely by giving them cheap natural hormones. I don’t think there’s a psychiatrist in the world who wouldn’t celebrate that as one of the biggest mental health advances in a generation. Imagine if we could ameliorate schizophrenia with one safe simple surgery, just snip snip you’re not schizophrenic anymore. Pretty sure that would win all of the Nobel prizes. Imagine that we could make a serious dent in bipolar disorder just by calling people different pronouns. I’m pretty sure the entire mental health field would join together in bludgeoning anybody who refused to do that. We would bludgeon them over the head with big books about the side effects of lithium. &gt;Really, are you sure you want your opposition to accepting transgender people to be “I think it’s a mental disorder”?
Appreciate you saying this. If I say anything ignorant, I apologise in advance. Something that bothers me is the discounting of intersex people by TERFs &amp; jerks; intersex people are the reality of the bimodal spectrum of sex, and it upsets me when TERFs say things like "it's a small number of people," or "it's an anomaly," as though the experience of intersex people can be discounted because there aren't a majority of them. I've worried that anti trans attempts to discriminate in healthcare may hurt IS people, and I've worried anti trans bathroom bills might make it functionally illegal for an IS person to use a public bathroom. However, I'm not nearly as familiar with IS issues and experiences as I am with trans people. Do you have any suggestions on intersex issues to learn about, or suggestions to include IS people in the broader conversation, not as a gotcha?
More like CrossFit But yes it's a bit of a meme that Arch users will always tell you that they use Arch. (I'm not sure if you heard, but I myself use Arch BTW)
No neofetch for freeDOS? Hardly an operating system without it smh
It sounds like you're coming at this with an antivax worldview.
Oh no
Didn't Pacman switch to the key system around version 3 to version 4? Not sure if it could upgrade itself from this early version
From a glance through, it seems they put forward the discredited theory of rapid onset gender dysphoria, insist to questioners that there is no such thing as trans people and no one who transitions will ever be happy, and links to some TERFy looking materials.
That guy is a poopy mcpoop mouth and aside from being rude he's wrong.
Could you link me or point me in the direction of the study?
Yes, that's the person telling other trans people their experiences are incorrect and they don't know themselves, and doesn't think anyone should be able to transition.
I can't think of a practical belief more closely associated with libertarians other than "I hate taxes"
I can't speak to the percentages but I think both male and female partner violence is excused and minimized in sometimes different, sometimes similar ways.
Gimme a month and ht-billboard-git will be on AUR
As opposed to every other political position loudly boasting they hate freedom?
This was my second guess
And people should be free to figure out what best fits themselves without coersion. 17% of parents actively trying to discourage their kids from transitioning or telling them they aren't trans when they come out gives me pause.
False accusers are already able to be punished. I think people react negatively to punishing false accusers specifically brought up in the context of more women sharing stories of their abuse and assaults, as if that's equally likely or more important than dealing with abusers. Sexual assault and abuse is already tragically underreported, and we must specifically allow people to come forward in a safe capacity, and balance the way we handle the very rare false accusers and them being punished in such a way it does not markedly decrease assault survivors coming forward.
If you're talking negative freedom then I think anarchists do moreso. If you're talking positive/practical freedom then a robust social safety net and ability to form unions like Nordic model social democracies seem much preferable.
Denying minors the right to informed consent medical treatment that will measurably improve their lives and mitigate dysphoria is about as sensical as denying a minor a life saving blood transfusion if their parents are Jehovah's witnesses.
And the thousands of trans people experiencing demonstrated and measurable harm, including taking their own lives, from being denied access to care and being pushed not to "be trans" from their parents. How do you feel about those?
I'm glad you have, all the ones I talk to just share "taxation is theft" memes but are totally okay with "The Wall" and think racism doesn't exist
A lot of the people who are fully transitioned don't say they're trans all the time and they pass, my dude.
Nobody who green texts has a real job, don't worry
Dysphoria, not dysmorphia. And you just said you've never seen them, so I'd put good money on you seeing a passing trans person and not knowing it in Seattle.
Wtf this sounds hilarious
I'm not sure what you mean by gender non-conforming? That could mean a man crossdressing in heels in the widest definition, or someone who is non-binary, or genderqueer, or someone who isn't cisgender.
You get to say M'lady a lot more often
That's so funny
"Sup, we did Benghazi." -All Trans
M'distro
Yeah exactly. I think this is well said in [my favorite essay on the subject.](https://slatestarcodex.com/2014/11/21/the-categories-were-made-for-man-not-man-for-the-categories/) &gt;Imagine if we could give depressed people a much higher quality of life merely by giving them cheap natural hormones. I don’t think there’s a psychiatrist in the world who wouldn’t celebrate that as one of the biggest mental health advances in a generation. Imagine if we could ameliorate schizophrenia with one safe simple surgery, just snip snip you’re not schizophrenic anymore. Pretty sure that would win all of the Nobel prizes. Imagine that we could make a serious dent in bipolar disorder just by calling people different pronouns. I’m pretty sure the entire mental health field would join together in bludgeoning anybody who refused to do that. We would bludgeon them over the head with big books about the side effects of lithium. &gt;Really, are you sure you want your opposition to accepting transgender people to be “I think it’s a mental disorder”?
I use Hangouts as my primary chat service with my friends FWIW
Well fuck. Not good.
Looks like a university sub so maybe it's bs and maybe it's not, but I imagine if the dudes were using language as an easy in to try to fuck them it'd be sus
It's shocking that ammosexuals are often racist. Shocking.
That's a yikes from me, dog
The Moon is a Harsh Mistress tried to be BioShock 1.0 Libertarian paradise, and here I am just wanting Line Marriages to pool resources
Clothing doesn't make you a gender, no, although it can be used as gender expression. I don't want any child to grow up pressured into being a gender that isn't them. I think that's measurably harmful. What I don't see is why the suffering of one detransitioning person is deeply compelling to you, and the suffering of 99 trans people is not. Do you not think trans people are real?
I enjoy the Culture series for what seems to me a socially realistic way we could find meaning and enjoyment in a post scarcity world.
But if you hold your hand out and let them approach you they might purr
Theoretically.
We're gonna need it
Prices for cell service will increase and a lot of workers will be laid off.
Y i k e s
The ass beams radiate every time you do it correctly, so I'm sure you'll get it eventually.
I had a very bad relationship and for a period of like 3 or 4 years I wasn't interested in or in the space for a romantic relationship. But that was fundamentally, I feel, a reflection of my experiences and personal choice, whereas defining yourself as a mgtow, a definition that's excluding something, both makes a judgement on women/partners as a group being unworthy or fundamentally negative, and specifically reflects its origins in offshooting from existing MRA thought.
You could, but keep in mind it may not be as productive as you might like.
u/nwordcountbot u/jotebe
Jews are bad and they're pushing immigration
And people who recite the "facts" &gt;DESPITE BEING ONLY 13% OF THE POPU... are very much open to the economic, historic, and sociological reasons for such things, and are in no way trying to imply a message through subtext in those "facts"
Holy shit lol I didn't think I'd get that. Hopefully I was quoting something.
This is my personal interpretation, but it's my understanding that his reasoning is even more base. Apparently at some point, someone gave him some feedback on an IT crowd episode he had written wherein one of the main characters dates a trans woman (I believe,) and they end up in a fistfight as being transphobic. And he accepted it at the time, but the criticism boiled and he eventually did that whole pushback "wait, why was *I* wrong, I didn't do anything wrong" and doubled, tripled, quadrupled down on the now full-blown TERF ideology.
People who don't like Nazis?
Sounds about right.
I think they can mix incredibly well. As a strategy for your own life, it is most likely better for you to try to improve your circumstances, improve yourself, develop your personal philosophy, have a good work ethic, have integrity. On a societial level, it's clear to recognize that some people have advantages based on unearned traits, and one of the best uses of that advantage is to help draw attention to those who are discriminated against, and against the sources of these issues and inequalities.
Nice job, but only one?
I've been middle management. That's correct.
I agree completely. I feel like a man without a country as far as guns go; I like them, I think they're fun to shoot. I'll mostly likely buy a few more when the price makes sense and I'd like to go to the range. I am not inherently opposed to gun control legislation, and I'm deeply upset by the legal and policy roadblocks to doing scientific research into gun issues. I'm not opposed to things like background checks on principle. Reading the book Gunfight convinced me we never will or could have an Australian style gun ban/restriction: too many individual rights of gun ownership are enshrined in state constitutions. I'm not convinced by the numbers of the likelihood or effectiveness of a gun in an home invasion, although I don't fault anyone for wanting one. I think the link between completed suicides and guns is worth taking an honest look at, although I don't think that means additionally restricting purchases or ownership would be effective as a solution. I'm not convinced by the data that concealed carry meaningfully reduces crime, but I don't think it has to. In the words of Jim Jeffries, "Fuck off, I like guns," is a legitimate reason to have them. I personally don't like the way the NRA argues issues, I find it disingenuous, I understand if people think it's worthwhile for the goal, but it makes it difficult for me to trust their policy proposals. I feel that they are advocates for gun manufacturers and gun sales above all else. I think their scaremongering rhetorics about immigrants or foreigners or whatever their ad was 100% bonds them to the GOP. I may be biased, but I feel the arguments that may sway me more pro gun rights are the stories of gay men carrying to protect themselves from attacks; I think it's intensely unjust when black men are murdered by the police for lawfully carrying, or even being suspected of doing so. I think it's wild that Ronald Reagan passed sweeping gun control in response to the Black Panthers, and I think the racist history and motivation of a lot of gun control would resonate better with liberals and leftists. I think there's a solid amount of left leaning arguments against gun control that I almost never hear made.
I think directly they're opposed, yes. But an ideologically singular organization that advocated for gun rights and was able to link gun rights for disadvantaged and disenfranchised groups might persuade liberals and leftists while putting forth goals conservatives already agree with.
I could imagine a read only fs or network rescue disk use case, anything in particular you used it for?
I am gonna try out overlayfs one of these days
Looking great my gayly dude
Pronouns are forced speech and not being able to deliberately misgender someone in a protected class to the level of harassment or hate speech, much like using racial slurs, while a public university employee, is authoritarianism, and private companies being forced to platform speech they chose not to because I like it is freedom.
The freest speech of all
It's gone
They did hate trans people.
There's nothing wrong with being slutty, if that's how you prefer to think of it, sex doesn't make you bad or dirty or less valuable in any way, and a certain number of partners isn't important as long as you're being safe. &lt;3
Same
/r/altrightopinion
I don't believe President Clinton's actions implied Monika Lewinsky was either incompetent nor a hard worker as a staffer.
Hopefully someday we can make that world of respect and safety. I'm sorry it is difficult to face all that mistreatment and crap that you in no way deserve, but please know there are some people that are happy you are adding your piece to the tapestry, and that you belong in the world and deserve respect, care and support.
Do they like robot girls?
I think the main complaint with the Uber is that people who absolutely should be taking an ambulance cannot afford thousands of dollars in additional charges.
I think one person dictating what sort of underwear they should wear is not a good analogy for coming to the bedroom in a clown outfit for sex.
You get way more left than Bernie. Not in mainstream US politics, no, but his policy proposals are what would be called social democrat in the rest of the world. I don't think I've heard Bernie even discuss workers owning the means of production.
It doesn't mean thousands of soldiers and thousands more Iranian civilians should die over the next 2, 5, 10, 15 years.
He was bound by the issued opinion of the OLC that said a sitting president can't be criminally charged, as I understand it.
I think it's possible it was Iran. But we've been wrong before. Our government trying to actually really paint Iran as related to 9/11 is a football field of flashing red flags, and knowing that they're lying and using such bent motivated reasoning, everything that can help us justify some unnecessary war should be taken with a mountain of salt.
I think you're spot on.
Yes, in the context of US politics, we don't have much left of that. I think we can agree r/politics is a lot more liberal most of the time.
That's why when they say things like DESPITE BEING ONLY 13% OF THE POPULATION, they're interested in the data and the complex interplay of factors that got us there, and definitely don't have a lot of feelings about "genetics" and pure Aryan skull shapes.
Same, I cried a little.
I'm super pissed HP killed off WebOS but that's neither here nor there
I prefer to imagine they're LARPing.
Malak has a buffer overflow when you go to fight him, and his Sith integer wraps all the way around and he becomes Darth Bane
Would I ever lie to you, unless it was funny, or I was over my head?
You're valid, it's not for a lot of people. (I thought it was a funny joke about the bottom swarms, tbh)
That was a really special moment.
I'm pretty sure I've read some of the studies transphobes quote for these and the studies explicitly say they shouldn't be used to draw conclusions about before/after because they aren't studying that. Haters just wanting to hate
Sure, and if a cis woman had vaginismus and needed dialation, she'd have a smelly hole too. Of course that's assuming they don't hate cis women, and let's be honest, they do.
That's a very informed take and I agree with you, too many people use Russia as a catch-all issue.
I use Arch btw
This is gold, Jerry, gold
Oh no
"my timing is digital" is a really funny line.
Is that the new one from the History of Rome dude? If so, love that guy
Gottem, I say skeptically as I turn the Spock eyebrow up full force
Terf ideology talking about womens reproductive capacity being controlled is so very much approaching a good point then veering off into "trans women all bad," much like an antivaxxer identifying systemic issues with providing for profit healthcare deciding the most important point is that everyone but Andrew Wakefield is lying for money.
And then John screeched on Twitter
Oh my goodness, I'm a cis man happily comfortable in my gender assigned at birth. The majority of the porn I consume doesn't have trans performers, I must be lying and 8 trans women in a trenchcoat operating a man suit.
/r/altrightopinion
Hella cute I hope you had a great time
Very ravey and a risk well done
Hey sorry about the liking guys thing, we can be a hell of a mixed bag You're 100% a man and absolutely valid as your gender and your identity, and hurtful little shrews who try to harm you with words are wrong.
Great placement on the chains, I love stuff that can hold a pattern like this. Very attractive, thank you.
Rip
It's almost like you can participate in more than one sub at a time, and don't have to move from sub to sub like the Oregon Trail migration like the old days
Boringly cis dude here, just wanted to say fuck TERFs, Trans Rights, and sweet rig!
My gosh the TERFs were right. The trans poisoned our water supply, burned our crops, and delivered a plague unto our houses!
I think a quarantine is a really big step tbh, I'm glad it was done
Us being the baddies doesn't make Putin the goodies though
I wish the President supported the first amendment at much as that guy.
This is good advice
I don't know you and I don't care to know you.
Afaik he changed on the back to Africa thing later.
Amazing
That means "I don't feel like I can admit they were hyper racist and also slob on the sacred knob of their memories"
That's a very Russian looking Japanese guy.
He's a huge terf who regularly directs harrassment at trans people.
So it goes. May he rest in peace.
All I've heard is her saying listen to the recommendations in the UN climate change report
Cursed facts
Cancel culture works incredibly well on small and marginal creators, and doesn't work with those big enough and with current reach.
Excellent joke
Lol you just get made fun of and not immediately banned for disagreeing, and also this sub doesn't pearl clutch freeze peaches all day
I think it's pretty silly he needs a texted picture of you accepting a new couch for it to be a valid reason to leave early. I have a sneaking suspicion that he didn't text the board of directors his daughters thing.
Saying "oh you're Asian? Haha gotta be doctor good at math right?" is definitely racist
Damn dude pretty hot ngl
Same
2 years, 5 years if she Weekend at Petey's him once
Looking super cute my dude
