They just don’t want government money going to *those* people. You know which ones.
Some kind of IKEA brand spacecraft?
He’s a protosquirrel.
He would have gone “gangster” which is actually a lot less intimidating.
&gt;”Laundry folding seems like an easy task but it's actually very hard, so that's why no one has ever done it before." I’ve said this exact sentence to my wife at least fifty times.
Don’t worry about it. It was just mumbojumbo about linguistics, which in addition to being useful for making racist jokes on the web using long-outdated terminology, is also a science serious people study to understand how language works.
I bet every one of those suicide victims had value to somebody.
Are you okay? If you want to PM me to talk about whatever, I’ll listen and reply. I care about your wellbeing.
RoboChrist should have campaigned more in the rust belt.
Can’t tell which tweeter you’re referring to here.
&gt; I wasn't aware that wanting to get rid of a hypothetical gun to people's backs to pay into a system they may not even use was "greedy." Well, now you know. We all need healthcare at some point. We’d all be better off if we took care of one other. Letting people die because they can’t afford medicine is morally and ethically indefensible.
If only we had the technology to convert between decimals and fractions.
People don’t really romanticize the apocalypse do they? Setting mutants aside, you know what’s not fun? Food insecurity. Miss two meals in a row and you’ll be ready to quit the game.
Just after he posted this he fucked off to Mars to sulk. “Good luck with your nuclear war, assholes.”
You gotta starve the cats a few days. They will go through bone like *buttah.*
Know what’s cooler than having half a face? Having a billion faces.
Maybe the new D is even more H.
It’s not typical for the car to fall off, I’d just like to make that point right away.
Who makes sure the children are okay during this?
&gt;Keep that hero's name out of your mouth… Seth Rich was a hero because he was employed by the DNC, a group that tried very hard to save us from Donald Trump. The people using his death to impotently deflect attention from the Russian hackers and the Trump campaign’s illegal cooperation with a hostile foreign government are the villains here. Seth Rich’s family has urged the alt right to stop using his death to advance their agenda. You should listen and respect their wishes.
Not when he’s with you. But he likes it. But he likes it.
And you never paid for drugs. *Not once.*
This isn’t a movie detail.
Copperplate Gothic
What’s it like being a coward? Living one’s life in fear sounds really exhausting.
I agree with you that Donald Trump is 100% a racist.
Please direct me to where I can buy an AGS-101 for $30. I’m interested in making this transaction.
Is it awkward to be cheering something daddy said while daddy lacks the conviction or courage to admit he actually said it?
Once you label a group of people as “not human” you can justify all kinds of cruelty against them. Nazis are terrible people, but they are people.
Congrats. You understood the ~~sub~~text.
Is there a way to correspond with a lonely sheep before moving?
This will only raise the stakes in the feud between Swedish journalists and Danish submariners. The cycle of violence continues.
“””””landslide”””””
🎵 you are so beautiful... to me 🎵
They could put this in a Metal Gear game with no explanation whatsoever.
Do you think releasing a falsified medical report detracts from Trump’s accomplishments? (Bonus points if you can answer the question without mentioning Hillary Clinton.)
I’m confused about how these photos are related. Shouldn’t the door in the second pic be visible in the first?
“That’s mah boat.”
41 floors if you include the 2nd level of the car park. It’s probably a hotel with an atrium that takes up the first few floors.
Rock Band 3 had a keyboard peripheral.
There was an attempt... to get the joke.
You hitched your wagon to an ancient repost that breaks the subreddit rules.
I don't know if the perspective is confusing or what, but the unit seems to be feet from a wall in the top photo and inches from a door in the bottom photo. Also the photographer would need to be standing in the neighbor's house.
“What? Noooo!”
Her?
Also notable: the scientist character in this scene is *not* Tony Stark.
EA isn’t in the journalism business. They’re trying to promote their game. What do you expect?
You sure shot that straw man full of holes. Do you feel there should be more restrictions on guns, or is a school full of dead children just an occasional sacrifice upon the altar of freedom?
No where on the package does it say it’s for girls. Any child can enjoy these legos.
I need to try this. I’m so tired of gelatin dulling all my room-temperature knives.
A 20-year-old email forward, printed out, photographed, posted on Twitter, then a screenshot of the Tweet is posted on reddit. What a time to be alive.
Anna bodda wanna peanut?
I guess if we let brown kids stay here to build productive lives in defiance of immigration laws, we might as well let them rape everyone with impunity. Because that’s what all brown people do. They rape.
Hmmmm... I wonder if people on Reddit are familiar with those two books. Seems unlikely, but ya never know...
I’m ashamed to admit that had to look up *thalasophile* to learn what it means (someone who likes to fuck dolphins).
Yeah just look at the Wii U or the Virtual Boy.
You gotta just relax and let the music come out when it’s ready.
Incomplete without the gang of butrhurt Trumptards at the bottom of the thread demanding a safe space.
I can hear the Vince Geraldi sad piano when she starts moping away.
&gt; “The combination of IBM Cloud and Watson services with Salesforce Einstein and Quip will deliver even more innovation to empower companies to connect with their customers in a whole new way, leverage the power of the cloud and AI, and eventually locate and eliminate Sarah Conner.”
There’s a lot of money to be made exploiting racism.
Albert Einstein.
🎵 den puff from de chalice I fi made from a Sprite can 🎵
Well, supporting the Democrat candidate is sort of the job of the DNC. Sanders is not a member of that party.
“Ha ha ha.” They’re your clothes, motherfucker.
It is known.
That basically means the same thing. “Apologism” doesn’t imply contrition.
“Smell ya later!”
TIL “Dumplings con pow” is pronounced DUMP-LINGS CON POW.
The lady at the dispensary promised I’d destroy the bag if I tried to open it as instructed. She showed me the trick move.
No it’s a child-safe bag from the weedatorium. It’s harder to force open than you’d guess.
I thought they only started adding iodine to salt in the 20th century.
Jackie Treehorn treats objects like women, man.
YOU DON’T COUNT ICING IN CAKE LAYERS. CAKE DOES NOT WORK THAT WAY. GOOD NIGHT.
From the brainstem and work your way to the toes.
You’re still sacrificing the actors’ safety while not actually solving any problems. Why do you suppose they chose this driving rig instead of remote control? They’re just stupid filmmakers?
25 years ago a crazy religious cult called the “Moorish Science Temple” merged with some SovCit cults, so now we got a bunch of confused blacks thinking they are “Moorish” sovereign citizens. And they’re called “Moops” because Seinfeld.
It would be cool. Someone should kickstart this. I’ll chip in $5.
Staged. That car wreck sound effect is ridiculous. Plus when he throws the phone you can see the totally clear road ahead of him.
Reported for gang signs.
I always took this glance to mean “this mannequin looks cool as shit— I bet I could pull that look off.” He’s not confused. He’s inspired!
*Cui bono*? *Cui* gives a shit? It’s got a fuckin’ bow on it.
Try to imagine all life as you know it stopping instantaneously and every molecule in your body exploding at the speed of light. Total internal reflection.
“Excuse me. If whoever's in the house is still in the house, I'd like you to know that I have just called the police. If you have any brains whatsoever, you'll get your ass out of my house real quick. I'd also like to add that I have my father's gun and a *scorching* case of herpes.”
*Ooh la-la*
I assume this stamp was originally intended to be used on a golf resort brochure.
By “white supemacist” I mean a Trump supporter. Was that not clear?
If you happen to be in the area, the suspect’s name is Chung. Watch out for Chung. Chung-Chung, Chung, Chung-Chung. Chung-Chung, Chung, Chung-Chung.
Piano keys are made of spruce, with just the top of the half you can see covered with a thin facade of *ivorite*, which is an indestructible plastic resin that looks and feels exactly like ivory. Ivorite is vastly more durable than ivory and feels exactly the same under the fingertips. Any musician that claims ivory keys are “better” has deluded themselves.
This breed evolved this way so they could maintain camouflage against sliced watermelon.
I’m not sure I’m brave enough for that. Plus when I was a little there was an episode of Amazing Stories about a warplane with broken landing gear and a gunner trapped in the ball turret. They spent the episode preparing to land the plane on its belly with the kid still inside.
Ask Theseus for that money.
And then the other one needs the formula for every organic molecule in each peppercorn.
Bautista can be the image of Marcus, but I want Jake the Dog doing the voice for the character still.
Monopoly is fine. You only hate it because you’re never played it by the actual rules. Monopoly will not take five hours unless you’re using some bullshit house rules.
When my girlfriend picks up her phone I pause what’s on TV and stare at her until she has concluded whatever business needed to be conducted in the middle of a show.
Yes, I agree with you that fucking Melania Trump would be potentially as dangerous as fucking Anthony Bourdain’s corpse.
&gt;Just a bunch of losers trying to find a way to make MAGA supporters look stupid. What a waste of time. That’s like throwing water in the ocean to make it look wet. &gt;Easy to get them all baited into cringeworthy responses that prove me right. You’re definitely owning teh libs by tricking them into ridiculing you. Well played.
Maybe you should have made a submission the day you learned white artists took a stand against racial segregation in the music industry. It would have been an interesting and informative alternative to this.
&gt;But everyone told me that he was a bad man... Those people were correct. &gt;...and he would never think about signing a bill like this! They are also probably correct. What Trump *says* he’s going to do is completely fucking meaningless.
&gt;I get your arguments, but I guess we will agree to disagree. Unless you can tell me why it’s preferable for citizens in red states to lose rights that the federal government has the power (and mandate) to protect, I’ll accept your “agreement” as a concession on the issue being debated.
Lol, read the linked article very carefully and reflect on it.
This theme has been explored in a large number of film franchises.
They slowed down the gameplay a bit, but it seems chill. I like the nature theme.
It’s not a misprint. They use an artificial sweetener (sucralose) in the default version because it’s better for kids. The one without added sugar uses the real sugar from the oranges instead, so it’s got more calories.
The left has been dragging the right towards cannabis normalization kicking and screaming. If you want teh gubmint to keep its hands off your weed, fucking vote Democrat.
The status page fails to load, then the status = down. Sorry for the convenience.
People think ant drowning research is a waste of resources, but it’s impossible to predict how advances in ant drowning science will impact other technological domains.
No Brooklyn 99?
This is fake. The Nintendo Direct isn’t until tomorrow, and Waluigi’s asshole isn’t even that tight.
This is my favorite comment of the day.
A more realistic reaction would be “who the fuck is Clark Kent?”
Also, WE DON’T NEED MORE SLICED TOMATOES WE NEED FUCKING CLEAN PLATES ON WHICH TO SERVE THIS FUCKING FOOD. WHY AM I THE ONLY ONE WHO WASHES DISHES??
If they’re gonna add Daisy and Ridley then they need to also add John and Boyega.
In the academy they teach you everything you need to know about being an FBI agent... except how to live with a mistake.
A female thinks she’s allowed to have opinions on games? Let’s harass mercilessly.
No, I guess I meant all the rape and death threats.
I don’t think that justifies harassment either, but you do you.
If that were true the daytime sky would be black. That blue color you see is the gas in our atmosphere.
This subreddit seems extremely necessary.
I was disappointed that CNN didn’t use emotionally charged adjectives to dehumanized these people. Someone might read this article and forget to hate the Mexicans, and that troubles me.
My parents gave me an interesting name. Consequently, my son’s name is very boring. If you don’t like being reminded that Nixon is the surname of a disgraced US president, maybe consider not saddling your son with that lifelong burden.
I understand that enforcing the politically correct use of language is a big issue among conservatives now. I guess I can see how the omission in this headline might be triggering or offensive to some.
I applaud you for standing up against theocracy and fighting to keep gay marriage and abortion access legal across the country. We don’t need backward religious folks making our laws.
Were they fooled by the decoy at least?
Weird how it was so recent that Trump was arguing that he has absolute authority and discretion to execute immigration policy. Was that a lie? Claiming his hands are tied by a nonexistent law must be a message they crafted for the most gullible of dumbshits. But you’re buying it, eh.
Wow. Look how not banned you are. You can even update or revise your clearly incorrect comment.
Look kids! Big Ben! Parliament!
I’m *phased* by this. I just sublimated.
Which religion says God can’t have gay sex?
There’s always a bigger fish.
I know, right? When did people of other nationalities start having feelings and why are we supposed to care about them?
One of these “great awakening” nut jobs is going to hurt someone. Why does reddit assist them in mainstreaming their insanity?
Some people speculated the plastic would harm the whales, but evolution is truly nature’s miracle.
In any case, the person swinging the aluminum bat should be equipped with a batter’s helmet.
SUPER GREG
Right now you’re lying on the internet in order to deflect criticism away from your government torturing children. Think about what kind of person does that. Kids are being separated from their families because of the “zero tolerance” policy put into place this April. This is new policy. For the last year and a half Trump has argued he has absolute authority to execute immigration policy. This lie that his hands are tied by a non-existent law must have been crafted for his most gullible dumbshit supporters.
We have a mail room. It’s staffed by one of those subcontractors that gives subsidized job opportunities to... the differently abled.
KALI MA SHAKTI DE!
It’s called *Shark Tale*.
Cookie Crisp cereal used to have a mascot called The Cookie Crook. He is trying to steal the product being offered. Reading between the lines, General Mills was telling us kids it’s okay to shoplift Cookie Crisp from our local Safeway. *That’s* a fucking mascot. Edit: I forgot about the Cookie Crook’s antagonist—the Cookie Cop. Law enforcement was the bad guy in the ads. General Mills was woke af.
In the movie *Species*, Forest Whitaker plays a psychic investigator. The team of alien-hybrid hunters enter a train car where the species has spread someone’s guts all over the walls and ceiling, and he goes... “something bad happened here.” That movie is not well written, but Natasha Henstridge is naked through most of it, so 👍🏻
Parents are probably taking these kids on a dangerous journey because staying in their home country is even more dangerous than migrating. How this danger justifies supporting our own government putting these kids in *more danger* is the part I’m unclear on. Why do you want to harm these children further? Is it because you hate non-white people?
I don’t get this joke.
Your arguments are bad and unconvincing.
The files are inside the computer.
🎵 YOU GET WHAT YOU NEEEEED 🎵
Love lift us up where we belong!
I enjoyed this, as a creamy Italian.
She pretends to be Natalie Portman in that one scene in Episode I.
That’s fucked up.
Asserting dominance.
Post-meteor-impact Earth is still a better home for us than any planet we can reach or any ark we can build.
Dumbshit Trumptards are harassing the wrong restaurant.
It wastes a little energy but your fridge can probably handle cooling a bowl of pasta.
You saw nothing.
“It’s... It’s a different company. It’s a different quality of product.”
&gt; The Princess Bride is one of the most perfect movies ever made. ... The soundtrack is perfect. Pump the brakes. No one gushes about this movie’s soundtrack because it *suuuuuuuuucks.* The score is generic and poorly written and it sounds like it was performed on a $99 Casio.
Man this gif must be really old.
This is my favorite detail from Schindler’s List... the way the Nazi characters were costumed to look like Nazis. Using costumes is a detail that some filmmakers overlook. God I love movie details.
We have the medical technology to terminate unwanted pregnancies. We should make it available to everyone.
You literally sound like a crazy person right now.
If you condone the ending of a pregnancy resulting from rape while refusing to kill a child conceived by rape, then you already understand that a fetus is not a person. Therefore ending a pregnancy should not be considered murder. Also, forcing women to carry unwanted pregnancies under any circumstances is morally and ethically wrong.
I was just in my office and I heard a ruckus!
I’ve been ahead of the curve for decades!
GO NORTH
Basically, it says that in a country where people and goods travel freely, regulating guns at the city and state level is ineffective. We need stricter regulation at the national level. Countries that have stricter gun laws have fewer gun deaths.
I assume you are paying her bills.
https://www.reddit.com/r/todayilearned/comments/8ntmf9/til_sir_anthony_hopkins_is_renowned_for_his/
Sometimes the big rabbit gets fucked, doesn’t it?
The image of Gage’s skull always reminds me of Ripley’s Believe It or Not, with Jack Palance https://youtu.be/HVT3kOxqStA
I hate tautological writing because it’s needlessly repetitive.
I get it. If you don’t count the places where Trump is unpopular, he did pretty well.
No.
In the longer video everyone floats on.
“Doxxing” isn’t a thing reporters can do. Outside the dark corners of the dumbweb, people just call it “journalism.”
*That's funny, Frank never has a second cup at home...*
If you find yourself in LA, they let you be in the audience for free. It’s fun to watch famous people do their jobs, but laughing at the same joke ten times is goddamn exhausting.
*They’re grrrrrrrrrrrrrrrain alcohol.*
You’re gonna pass a Bose-Einstein condensate whether you want to or not.
It’s the subset of the right made up of young white dudes who are concerned with Important Issues like ethics in video games journalism.
Pretty sure they’re shouting geo-stOOOOOOOOOOOOOOrm
Is the dating scene very active?
The first sentence she utters is an interrogative. It’s expected for those to end in rising-pitch intonation so the listener knows they’re being asked a question.
Is there a way to delete someone else’s comment?
What a Silly Bitchell.
Just tell yourself it’s fine. Everything is fine.
I will make it legal.
The dark side of the Force is a pathway to many revenue streams some consider to be.... unethical.
What’s with the rolling pins logo on his LARPing shield? Are these militant bakers?
This is how my friends and I communicate that the monster world has been contaminated by the human world and that we need to trigger a CDA lockdown.
Just now.
I’m confused about what group is being personified by an anthropomorphic Eiffel Tower wearing a beret and carrying a French flag. Garrison usually labels things for me. Someone must have photoshopped out FRENCH PROTESTORS.
Don’t work in the gaming industry. The hours are long and the pay is shit and the customers are absolutely the worst people in the world. Get a tech job in government.
Boom. Lawyered.
“Bad Attitude”, officially.
“Lawrence? That’s a funny name for a boy from Chicago. What do they call you up there?” “THEY CALL ME MISTER T.”
It’s not okay to compare white people to monkeys because it is rude. Comparing black people to monkeys is very racist. People who can’t understand the difference are dumb racists.
Blizzard used to be a cool independent company but then they sold out to Davidson and Associates.
Aw yiss, that ballet move is my jamb.
I don’t even own an—
Can I make [breaking glass noise] the wakeword?
They are.
One echo is going to sound better than two dots. A dot hooked to a half-decent bookshelf speaker system is going to blow the echo away.
“Guess what, I’m hot. What do you expect, moron?”
Sneak 100
Wes is also carrying the “My Dad Died in Starfleet” card. They still flunk him.
Dang, you’d think if Ribera suited up for a mocap session he’d be more on board with his dance being in the video game.
This forum is a great place to learn everything wrong about copyright law. This thread is literally making everyone stupider.
How much should foreign adversaries be allowed to spend influencing our elections before it’s a problem for you?
&gt;They should be allowed to spend as much as they want to. I stopped here because your dumb opinions are incompatible with functional democracy.
The competitive knitting scene is serious.
There should be a dimension for briefing length too. People don’t realize they used to last twice as long.
Dude, Alexa is never that concise. She’d be more like, GETTING SOMEBODY’S WATCHING ME, RADIO EDIT, TWO THOUSAND AND ELEVEN REMIX, BY ROCKWELL FEATURING MICHAEL JACKSON FROM AMAZON MUSIC... STARTING NOW.
*THE GOD DAMN iROBOT VACUUM CLEANERS, JOHN!* \- Will Smith, iRobot, 2004
I found this collage of company logos difficult to masturbate to.
I’m sorry but you seem confused. Innocent children needlessly dying is the thing that happens in every war ever. On the other hand, ending a pregnancy does not harm any children.
You’re paying way too much for rectal probes, man. Who’s your probe guy?
Sandlords a-leaping
It’s painted to resemble the Infinity Gauntlet, from the Avengers comics and movies.
Perhaps the song “We Three Kings” gave people the impression there were three kings.
People have less faith in polls now because in 2016 many predicted Clinton would get the most votes and then she did.
“It’s naht a tuba.”
Animation studios sell tens of thousands of production cels. This wasn’t all that interesting two days ago.
Yes, looking at him sitting dressed up all alone in the dark with the undelivered gift he prepared for Ms Boo, you can’t help but get the impression that he’s feeling happy about missing the party.
savage af
Being accused of demonstrating virtues isn’t a big problem for them.
Regrets... he had a few.
This story is told often on reddit but it’s 100% made up. People should stop repeating it.
It isn’t.
You’re a good person.
If the lemon juice and butter doesn’t work, try coating it in panko batter and deep frying at 450 degrees.
You’re correct that it’s a real JPG of a product package that doesn’t actually exist.
There are fields... endless fields where human beings are no longer born. We are grown. For the longest time I wouldn’t believe it. And then I saw the fields with my own eyes. I watched them liquify the dead so they could be fed to adorable anthropomorphic animals.
I like you. You get references.
Amazon is probably to blame either way.
“HYPOTHESIS: Mathias and Scarlett are cunts.”
Cakes aren’t speech, so bakers should have to serve everyone equally. YouTube should be free to remove content from their platform. You’ve done absolutely nothing to get me to reconsider my view on either of these positions. Nothing whatsoever.
&gt;Hey man, you’re the one that presented those two ideas as a dichotomy. You presented that false dichotomy, so I’m glad we can agree this was logically flawed from the start. Cakes aren’t speech, and bakeries that refuse to serve gays are in the wrong. Also YouTube has every right to remove content from their website for any reason. Better luck in your next online argument. Enjoy the rest of your night.
I was banned from /The_Donald because my opinions went against what was acceptable to express in that forum. Who should I talk to about getting recompense for this violation against my civil rights?
The thing everyone respects about the right is their adherence to intellectual honesty. (jacking off hand motion)
Trump tried and failed to stop the merger between AT&amp;T and Time Warner because he doesn’t like the way CNN was exercising their free speech. This isn’t some crazy conspiracy theory. Trump actually came out and bragged how he was using the mechanisms of government to financially affect a news organization he has a grudge against. This is an impeachable abuse of power. He also told the owners of NFL teams to fire employees who are protesting against his government. This felt like a pretty blatant violation of their first amendment rights. I guess you’re correct that the president can “say what he wants” because the Republican Party has ceded their duty to defend the constitution and the first amendment. You’re free to say Republicans support free speech. And everyone in earshot is free to laugh at you because that’s so fucking wrong.
Yes go for it, and just ignore my jacking off hand motion while you’re explaining how victimized you are.
Define the word monopoly first. According to my understanding of that word, YouTube is not one.
That’s bullshit. Woodie Guthrie is *a* Guthrie.
Donald Trump is a bigot and his administration has implemented blatantly anti-LGBTQ policies.
Lil Nas X: Climate change is real. Republicans: 🎵 *cant nobody tell me nothin* 🎵
&gt;I don’t wanna feel obligated to respond, so even if you do respond, I won’t.. Winning Debates The Ben Shapiro Way
Threepio! Threepio!? Where could he be!?
If I could get another chance I'd put it in a ziploc bag
&gt;Love how you’re purposefully misinterpreting the tweet too. “Har har idiot orange thinks that mars is fused with the moon!!!” He is obviously talking about using it as a stepping stone, you’re retarded if you can’t see that. No, I’m not. When I said “the moon isn’t actually a part of Mars” I was speaking about the *mission* to Mars. Not the literal planet. If you’re saying that specific phrasing is confusing and likely to be misinterpreted, I agree. A person who is good at communicating would use more precise wording. I apologize that I’m not good at expressing myself clearly. Please stop telling people that the moon is a launching pad for Mars. *You’re not supposed to talk about the moon.*
I read somewhere that it takes like, 25 or 30 lbs of lateral force to crack your collar bone. I fell and landed on my shoulder as a kid and cracked mine.
Creators should have control over how their work is marketed, sold and distributed. Have you ever created something original that had value to other people? If you don’t believe in copyright protection I imagine the answer is “no”.
It’s like Rage Against the Machine said... “Some of those that work forces, are the same that share racist posts on Facebook.”
Pro tip - “Alexa, play the song that goes ‘[lyrics from the chorus]” pulls up the song you actually wanted 98% of the time. The AI that interprets this command seems to be much smarter than “play song [title]” which has wildly unpredictable results.
Can you explain this further? My intuition tells me the speed boost would be useful for getting into any orbit.
The chorus goes “Hippy-ti-yi-yay”. This isn’t the Die Hard theme song.
Enjoy scrambling for the crumbs dropped by our betters.
My “false” wireless earbuds stopped keeping a good BT connection so I decided to upgrade. After finally getting rid of that wire, I regret not doing it a long time ago. True wireless headphones just feel transparent. It’s like I’m wearing nothing at all! (...nothing at all! ...nothing at all!)
They are wireless earbuds not connected to one another, like the Apple Airpods.
Countries should be designed using better materials. Otherwise you get cases like this one, where the ice fell off.
I think you’re missing my point. By keeping a pet that requires slaughtered animals to survive, you’re helping to maintain a demand for slaughtered animals. In essence, you are also a carnivore.
Did this thread get linked from a Ferengi subreddit or what
Is this the real Patrick?
If you go to the pet store you would see that they have rows and rows of cages made specifically for keeping pets captive. There’s a different type of cage for every single type of pet you can own. It would blow your fucking mind. The point is I’m right and being dismissive isn’t a rebuttal.
You come off as angry because of all the namecalling and the straw-man arguments and red herrings. When you say all those cages at the pet store are only intended for transport, you’re telling me you think I am stupid. It feels bad to be treated that way. I own pets. They are only a part of my family because I forced them to be. Most types of animals *will* leave if you don’t restrain them. That’s just a fact. Is it wrong to call those animals captive? If it is, explain to me how it is wrong, because as yet you have not.
I live in California. If one of these dopes lives in a swing state, their vote counts about 20 times as much as mine does.
My graphs have been described as highly vaginal which bothers some men. The word itself makes some men uncomfortable. Vagina.
Did we read the same article? &gt; But, in this case, because deep learning can look at a combination of low-level image data, such as warping artifacts, as well as higher level cues such as layout, it seems to work. It contradicts your comments.
“In conclusion the bus is a land of contrasts.”
Not all the comments are funny quips. Some of them are impotent rants about the poor quality of the discussion.
People continue to underestimate Al Yankovic. smh
I once watched John Wick kill a man from fifty meters away with a pistol. A *fooking peestol.*
The main problem with our taxes are they are too low. We can tax the rich and use the money to provide people with education and healthcare. We have a moral imperative to do that.
They went with broad black and white prison stripes with interlinked male and female gender symbols in the center. The flag is aggressively ugly, but I suppose designing things without letting gays help has its risks.
As I recall, Lincoln Douglas was a famous debater of that era.
Who wants to eat chiminey-changas all year? Not me. Vote for Summer.
If that show is about butthole spiders they should put that in the ads.
Well we are is dust in the wind, dude.
I’m not a big fan of Iran, but we had a pretty good agreement that everyone was happy about, except the loudmouths on Fox News who were desperate to invent reasons to smear Obama’s foreign policy. So President Fox News unilaterally wiped his ass with the nuclear agreement and is trying extremely hard to wreck Iran’s economy. Why? Who the fuck knows. Maybe he wants to start a dumb war to get re-elected. Maybe Bolton and the neocons took the wheel while he was golfing. Maybe he’s just fucking retarded. Watching Trump being interviewed on his Iran policy, it sounds like mostly the third thing.
Dolor sit amet?
This headline makes me mad at EA because I’m an idiot.
I will vote for any Presidential candidate who says we need to preemptively attack the CHUD.
Yes, I read your link the first time you posted it. I guess that makes one of us. According to NASA, we are adding CO2 to the atmosphere much much faster than the plants can absorb it, and as a result we are facing the consequences of catastrophic climate change.
What does the word “monopoly” mean? Define it, please. You had three goddamn weeks you fucking dunce.
Michael Jackson had inappropriate sexual relationships with children. People have known this long before the documentary. Michael Jackson is not funny.
Heaven needs a lawyer and a construction contractor.
Bear with me, but it’s not that unusual to be in a situation, bear with me, where you’re being held hostage by an animal and you need to send secret messages (bear with me).
Spider-Man, for example.
&gt;Personally I don’t talk the talk. Personally I don’t understand science. Things happen to the planet for reasons. People aren’t to blame. Things that have survived until now are guaranteed to survive forever. That’s just logic. I will fight climate change by collecting litter. I am dumb.
&gt;There’s a lot more evidence suggesting that the moon landings were fake than there is in proving Q is legitimate /r/technicallythetruth
Petition to remove SKIP INTRO button from Cheers. Someone added it by mistake.
Assuming you choose a leap year, the chances are one in seven.
That has to be an old SlikStik control panel. Those things are solid.
April fool’s pranks are going to be intense this year.
I just asked her this question and she actually spent like five minutes explaining Professor Charles Xavier’s history and backstory.
No, it looks like an exotic shorthair.
“I don’t understand how quotation marks work.” \- Send_GarglePlay_Cash
With some franchises, dead is bettah.
&gt;You say that as if he doesn’t oversee multiple successful businesses. Dude, you don’t have to remind anyone here that Trump’s promise to divest from his financial entanglements was a pile of horseshit. &gt;The only difference... The main difference between the two presidents is one of them is impeached for high crimes and misdemeanors and the other one was elected by popular vote.
Oh, I get it. The part about only making $500 a year was just a lie. Landlords sure do seem to lie a lot. Maybe people think you’re an asshole because they can see that you’re a liar.
Fark needs threaded conversations.
You’re very bad at gauging people’s emotions.
In 2016 the polls predicted Clinton would get more votes by a significant margin and then she did.
The reply section of Trump’s tweets is a public forum. It violates the first amendment for the government to ban anyone from participating.
“Why, in the name of ZUES’ BUTTHOLE, won’t you pull over?”
This is absolutely the worst advice I’ve ever heard. Imagine setting someone in front of a musical instrument and telling them to learn it while never performing a piece composed by someone else.
I heard one asshole in England complained about it on Twitter and then everyone laughed at him. Was there more to the backlash?
Government works best if it has the consent of the governed. We don’t need to outlaw Republicanism. Progressive policies are already far, far more popular. We just need an informed populous and fair and democratic elections.
As a conservative Trump supporter, I think we need him because my dick is microscopic and I’m scared to death of the of minorities in my community.
Is she new in town?
Okay, assume I’m a stupid person and explain to me what the question-writer did wrong please.
He’s got egg on his face.
🎵 How could I ever fill your shoo-oo-oo-oooooo-oo-ooes? 🎵 Lovɘ Astrid
Raphael is cool, but rude.
&gt;Trump has also fired two directors of the FBI in the last 3 years and has fired several lower ranking officials as well. Reminding us all how Trump has abused his powers to corrupt leadership at the FBI doesn’t make me feel like the agency is in good hands.
It was never true. Miyamoto’s first hit game was called “Donkey Kong”. It originally had a software glitch that made the game too easy. Nintendo charged operators $125 for replacement ROM chips to fix the problem.
Exercising the powers afforded to the office in a corrupt way is an abuse of power. An example of this sort of thing would be Donald Trump firing James Comey in order to disrupt the Russia investigation. Being in office and doing a thing that is illegal by itself (such as coordinating the cover up payments to the porn stars you got caught cheating with) isn’t an abuse of power. That’s just doing crimes. These concepts aren’t that difficult. I feel like you’re only pretending to be stupid just to frustrate me.
&gt;(Obama admin illegally spying on Trump) No such thing occurred, according to the recent IG report. I guess the latest big wet fart didn’t get a lot of coverage inside the right wing dumbosphere, eh. Donald Trump told Lester Hold in a very straightforward way that he fired James Comey in order to disrupt the investigation into Russian ties to the Trump campaign. This was an illegal abuse of power. &gt;Have you considered if Comey is abusing his power Hypotheticals are fun and all but Trump didn’t say “I’m removing Comey because he abused his power.” He had Rosenstein put together a sham memo that said Comey was fired for being too hard on *Hillary Clinton* (lol) but then straight up told Lester Holt those reasons were fake and he would have fired Comey for the Russia investigation either way. Edit: I have found A Large Rock nearby that seems to have a better capacity for understanding simple civics concepts than whoever uses that handle on reddit. I’m going to stop replying to your comments and focus on educating A Large Rock instead. Enjoy the rest of your life.
Pizza!? Now that’s what I call a taco!
Nature came up with a clever algorithm: 1. Try everything 2. Kill what doesn’t work
Can’t afford the current edition of the biology textbook smh
From his perspective it looked like a clever spider controlling a giant false snake, sort of like the scenario from the movie “A Bug’s Life”. He was like lol miss me with that Pixar shit.
Seems like it was just a few years hence I was looking at GeForce 900 series cards. It’s hard to believe that was 21 generations ago.
The real movie detail is always in the comments.
Dental plan
Me too. The part where the narrator says the bus driver would be justified in killing the child with a blow to the temple made me shoot long sticky ropes.
Well, shoot. The narrator called him a “young boy” which is why fantasizing about bashing his skull in made me spontaneously ejaculate. If I knew the thief was older it would have taken some stroking.
&gt;Racism isn’t a big deal nowadays. This is the primary thesis of the entire subreddit. I assume it wasn’t called /r/racismisntabigdealnowadays because of the character limit.
This makes zero fucking sense.
Like what? A planet that will be habitable for her descendants?
I play a game called “bowls” every day after work.
I want to see the most clichéd comments from every gaming thread coming out of the mouth of a doodle and this guy delivers.
Everyone says Burt Ward had a huge dick but I guess that’s not relevant here.
There’s an episode of Cheers (s6e11) that begins with Woody Boyd serving a pair of identical twins. He cards one, and then tries to card the other.
In 2016 I tried to respectfully argue online that net neutrality was important and that climate change is an urgent problem and that LGBTQ people deserve equal protection under the law, but I was called a “cuck faggot shill” by the MAGA crowd over and over again. Whatever reasons Clinton’s people lost, it’s not because they were less civil than their opponents. As I recall Trump’s entire shtick is giving grade-school level nicknames to anyone he disagrees with. So, y’know, fuck Trump and fuck his supporters and fuck everyone calling for civility.
Movie Detail: Jim Carrey’s character is seen litigating in a courtroom because he is employed as a lawyer.
In this case the gain was Trump’s alone and the costs to America’s national security were enormous. If firing Yovanivich was good for American interests then one has to wonder why it was done via shady back channels followed by a coverup.
&gt;4 more to come So you figure Trump is going to drop dead of a heart attack three years into his second term?
Comey’s bumbling handed Trump the election. If he were smarter we wouldn’t be in this situation to begin with.
People like to go out and be served food. They’ll still continue to do that after the cost of the meal has a living wage for the cooks priced into it. Paying a fair wage won’t mean the end of restaurants. It might lead to an increase in people who can afford to eat out.
Most of the relevant witnesses were instructed to not testify. The President was impeached for obstruction of justice for his part in the illegal and unconstitutional coverup. If the Senate is to hold a constitutionally valid trial, they must call these witnesses. Voting to not hear evidence is literally perpetuating the coverup. Being that Trump confessed and the transcript proves his guilt, the eyes of the world are watching the trial to find out whether Republicans value the Constitution, the rule of law, or the concept of objective truth. Spoiler: they do not.
This is how you let the paperboy know you’re cancelling your subscription.
Google “ben wa balls”.
MY DAD IS NOT A FRUIT SALAD
All of these confessions break down to “I’m an asshole who hates serving my customers” which everyone probably already assumed.
Who gives a shit.
Farm boy, discover a planetoid.
When the riddle was written back in medieval times, fragile and unrepairable objects hasn’t been invented yet. “Egg” was the only answer.
&gt;8\. Your hairdresser doesn’t have to give you a sanitary trim Of course they don’t *have* to. That’s why I go to Supercuts.
YOU SUCK MCBAIN
people just want to pay too much for butthole maintenance smh
This is the entire reason I watch *Antiques Roadshow.* By the time the historian is done describing the artifact, its owner is imagining it’s a priceless rarity that could sell for millions. Then the appraiser will say “at auction this could fetch as much as $400” and you have to watch someone’s grandma dying inside while pretending to be grateful.
I thought experiments confirming Bell’s theorem ruled out hidden variables? Honestly I don’t know. I’m talking out of my ass.
Imagine you have a machine that prints magic note paper. Every piece of paper that comes out of this magic printer has a question mark on it... or so we assume. This paper’s primary magic property is that when you look at it, the question mark magically transforms into a one or a zero (chosen at random when you look). Another magic property of this paper is that you can rip it in half. And when you look at one half of the paper, the one or zero will appear on both halves simultaneously, even if the other piece is a thousand miles away. Seemingly the magic paper has sent information instantaneously... faster than light. But using these pieces of paper to send any kind of message is difficult. You can send someone far away a giant stack of question marks, but all you have on your end is the same stack of question marks. There’s no information there.
&gt;Go Challengers!! I’m imagining your school mascot running around the field in a flaming space shuttle costume.
What if that thing I said?
They attacked gamers. GAMERS
Tell her... I want to squeeze them. (She’ll know what it means.)
MADE ME A MAA-AAAN
I have no respect for single-issue terrorists.
That gag has whiskers on it.
Oh, I see, the lights are only off so the President of the United States can have a tactical advantage when using deadly force against American citizens. That seems much less terrible than my original assumption.
This would be a pretty big project! Not only is that controller totally unique, it’s a heavy-duty piece of hardware that has to endure a lot of abuse from players. I thought about building one but it would be so much work for one game with kind of limited long-term appeal. Whoever weighs more wins almost every time. Might as well set up a sumo wrestling ring instead.
Mocking the victim of a brutal murder for lulz is morally wrong. It shouldn’t be a crime, though.
Whoever told you a whiny, grandstanding comment was necessary to unsubscribe lied to you.
If one of your children made that Instagram post, how would you react?
Astrophotography tip: Always place a second star off to the side of your subject to fill in the shadows.
I can’t speak for the other commenters. If you’re trying to convince me that both the woman in the photo and the person I’m replying to are racist pieces of shit, you should feel proud that you accomplished half of your goal.
What is happening in the Dollar Store?
&gt;shaggy impression That’s right, Casey Kasem is Shaggy. Everyone else is just doing an impression.
Introducing WUPFH.gov
It’s gigantic!
Wish the pool game had spin/english. Cue ball positioning is 90% of the strategy and they just don’t give you any tools to work with.
*A significant proportion of those that work forces...*
Presenting a lighthearted comic about child sex abuse authored by a literal nazi.
“The car is my plans and the hole is 2020.” This joke works for pretty much every photo ever.
What story involving Matt Walsh was all over the front page?
Awww, the emotionally fragile snowflake needs a safe space
STORM TAKES THE LEAD
The MSM is telling me that the black unemployment rate is like 17% and rising, which is nowhere near the “record high black employment” this person is bragging about. Who is correct?
“I was waiting for the traffic signal to change, and then it hit me...”
A very perceptive human will start to notice input lag at around 100 - 200ms. Unless you’re Quicksilver from the X-Men franchise there’s no reason to your nose up at a controller because it adds 10ms of lag. Just enjoy your games.
It absolutely does not. It might be a controversial thing to say here, but no human can tell between the best and worst controller on the spreadsheet.
It takes money to make money.
Parker and Stone worked very hard to pave the road that brought us to where we are now.
&gt;Very cool It’s quite cool.
Ever see the cartoon Ponyo, like, when the water is possessed?
&gt;most are looking just past the camera. In these scenes the actors are talking directly into the camera lens.
I agree with you. This asshole is a piece of shit who deserved to get fired.
Some currently unemployed person (who presumably isn’t an asshole) now has the opportunity to be productive in that position. Society’s overall value has been increased.
What does that have to do with the “will of the people”? As I recall, The People preferred Clinton by a pretty significant margin.
https://twitter.com/realdonaldtrump/status/266038556504494082 Conservatives oppose *fair* and *democratic* elections because their ideas are *unpopular.*
“Necks will continue to be knelt upon until morality improves.” - White House
Add some semen-eating. MacFadyen is up for it.
“Never take a stand against injustice if it might cost you a nickel or two,” said the sniveling coward.
That movie has so much wisdom.
Seems like something stopped what was coming.
Because the protests are real, police brutality is a real problem that real people care about, and the court cases you’re talking about are 100% imaginary. The media tends to focus on what is real and they usually ignore what is imaginary. You can see that playing out on the television right now.
I’m with you comrade. These people have to much freedom of speech. I wish I could shoot tear gas at all these TDS idiots just like Trump’s jackbooted soldiers did to the peaceful protestors assembling near Lafayette Square on June 1st, 2020.
Was this semi safe?
Climate change is a real and urgent problem. If you voted for the person who called it a “Chinese hoax”, then you’re verifiably an irredeemable garbage person, and according to the data, chances are very good that you’re old.
Here’s why arguing with conservatives is such a dumb waste of time.
Shawn King, is that you?
&gt;I love how you think i am right wing because i don’t like Hillary Clinton she is the epitome of the blah blah blah blah... I wasn’t talking about you. I was talking about the people who effortlessly brainwashed you into mindlessly reciting their shitty talking points. Edit: This discussion ended while ago, buddy. Take it to /r/ENLIGHTENEDCENTRISM
You have to admit, at least, that this is an improvement over their previous talking points. Those were all lies, but this one will be true eventually.
Here’s an analysis of how Americans voted in 2016: **65,853,514** &gt; 62,984,828
The wizards conjure objects from literally nothing routinely.
I don’t think you’ll find me arguing people should hate the elderly. I was just explaining that people are blaming them for our awful political situation because they’re mainly responsible for it. &gt;I’m simply pointing out the hypocrisy of saying this while also being outraged at people being angered at black people for committing more murders Okay, well I reject that argument. A tiny, tiny, tiny proportion of black people commit murder. But old white people voted for Trump by huge and significant margins. This is why people blame boomers for a lack of action on climate change.
Then I guess this thread isn’t for you, huh.
&gt;When a gay conservative was going to speak at a university... Did this random person have any controversial views about how it’s good and healthy for adult men to have sex with young boys, or...? &gt;”Bash the fash” is a nice little example too. Attacking fascists makes you a *double fascist.* That’s just logic.
A low-rated show being cancelled because most people found it distasteful is 100% fascism.
“What did it cost you?” “$299 plus tax.” “That’s reasonable.”
I’m forwarding this thread to the Farrelly brothers.
Yeah, but reality isn’t whatever you want it to be Mr Handheld.
It was more a comment on the local statuary.
Wow! No shit?
Being a snotty teenager is a part of growing up. Don’t worry about it. Just enjoy your little ones while they’re little.
No, inbred scumbags who spread their racist views on reddit should be condemned.
Self-awareness level: 0.0
They must have seen some *serious shit.*
“1-800-FLAGS? They can’t have my flag. I have a *special flag*.”
“I’m living in a gefiltergate jar.”
**MY FLAG!!**
Character actor Vincent Schiavelli had Marfan’s Syndrome. He’s probably best remembered as the helpful subway ghost from Ghost.
Old Saliari’s manservant in Amadeus
Gone 15 years already. Very missed.
This symbol means the port still provides 5v in standby mode. The Thunderbolt interface symbol is different. The bolt terminates with an arrow.
That's about as funny as a screen door on a battleship.
National Aeronautics and Space Car Auto Racing
Which is it in your opinion?
Lol I’m only kidding. No one in the bottom picture is debating that. They chose a side.
How eager are you to vote for Trump in November? Very or extremely?
Verdana was primarily designed to render a specific way at 10 or 12 pixels with no anti-aliasing. The font is obsolete on modern displays and has been ugly in higher resolution since it was released. Arial is just Microsoft’s ugly rip-off of Helvetica. There are zero situations in which a self-respecting designer would want to use the deformed copy in place of the superior original. Consolas is designed for readability while coding.
Computers have to solve a bunch of make-work math problems to prove they are mining. But it’s not real “work”. It’s not math anyone *needed* doing. It’s just a giant waste of electricity.
In the 2020 movie “Birds of Prey and the Fantabulous Emancipation of One Harley Quinn”, the macguffin everyone is clamoring for is just a list of regular old bank account numbers carved into a rock. I think that gives us a pretty good measure of where we are in terms of crypto adoption. It’s just not a very useful technology. Not even for Hollywood screenwriters.
Calm your tits, bagholder. It was more of an inside joke than a serious argument about crypto adoption. Sheesh.
This is my shocked face.
Back off, California. John Doe has the upper hand.
So, like 12? 15?
“You fucking retract that bit about my cunt fucking kids!”
“A SLAB OF BEEF” “A SLAB OF BEEF” “A SLAB OF BEEF” “A SLAB OF BEEF” \- Liberals, laser-focused on the real issues back in 2016
&gt;We were told only a few weeks ago that protesting was dangerous and immoral... Protesting was dangerous. Protesting against a lockdown that is necessary to protect public health was immoral. &gt;...now they are saying it’s not. Protesting is still dangerous, but the protest is moral because police shouldn’t be killing black people with impunity. &gt;Were they lying then or now? You were lied to about what the media is saying. You won’t find anyone with any credibility arguing that protesting isn’t dangerous. But unlike “I need muh haircut” these protests are seen as legitimate and urgently necessary. The right-wing astroturfed bullshit was treated like stupid bullshit because it was actually just a bunch of stupid bullshit.
Bill &amp; Ted ended war on Earth with songwriting. Bill &amp; Ted used their wits to DEFEAT DEATH AND RETURN FROM THE AFTERLIFE. There’s no comparison. Not even the custodians of the Continuum Transfunctioner are a match for Bill &amp; Ted, I’m sorry.
Dude Epic Mickey is going to be so DARK AND EDGY!!!!
Looks like a SlikStik control panel. They did good work.
No I’m not.
It must be difficult to have an informed perspective on American culture and politics when you live in a foreign country and also your head is fully encased by your own rectum.
What kind of goddamn psychopath collects a human limb off the battlefield as a fucking souvenir?
🎵 If you want to destroy my rug 🎵
After reading the sign I’m still on Max’s side vis-a-vis cats in the library.
That’s gibberish. He’s lost his mind. I call a vote of no confidence in Brian Cox. Jeremy Strong should take over the role of Logan.
An ‘extremely credible source’ has called my office and told me they have evidence Donald Trump is a raging pedophile.
About how racism isn’t real.
Criticism of godemperor is everywhere now and it’s getting so hard to find a safe space.
Deepest, bluest, my car is like a shark’s egg
Sheldon used to call me “Vitamin J” but recently moved on to just “boss”.
It’s hard to say. Some people are angry because he told his people to slow down coronavirus testing. This decision has directly led to thousands upon thousands of unnecessary American deaths.
I’d fuck Sarah Gilbert.
It’s so hot! Milk was a *bad* choice!
It’s for when you’re talking about sliced up cucumbers 🥒
I love Reggie Barclay. He’s the only dude on the Enterprise with the courage to use the holodeck to its full potential. If you’re a bitch to him, you’re probably going to end up in a program where he bangs you while his dad watches and cheers him on. They could have done a whole Star Trek spinoff series just set in these programs.
In order to photograph the sun/moon that large in the frame you’d need an EXTREME telephoto lens. Using such a lens you wouldn’t see the parallel lines on the street converging to a focal point like this. They’d appear almost parallel because the monster telephoto lens would crush the perspective.
Rare? My main street was littered with vagrant rejects always.
You ruined it.
These boots aren’t gonna lick themselves.
The perspective in this photo is optically impossible.
I absolutely do because I’ve earned more respect than the police in my community. This was an easy accomplishment because I don’t go around gassing protestors and murdering citizens with impunity.
Also, the eclipse was at like four in the afternoon local time. Digitally enlarging the sun puts it way too close to the horizon. There’s a 0.0% chance we are looking at an image captured in-camera.
Is this the one where Tim tries to increase the effective power of a household appliance but it goes haywire, and then his wise neighbor gives him the advice he needs to solve his family issue?
You should post a video of an insane liberal ranting like this at their town council like this lady. Since both sides are exactly the same those videos should be really easy to find.
Yeah, no. Biden wants to test people for the coronavirus. Trump does not want to test people for the coronavirus. This is a significant difference in policy proposals. Also, one of these policy platforms is sensible while the other is completely fucking insane.
According to my English dictionary, the word “factoid” also is a synonym for “trivia”. Native speakers use that word to talk about true facts.
That’s interesting. In the present day, native speakers of the English language correctly use the word “factoid” to talk about true trivia because that’s what the word means.
I hear a lot of vacant pedestals need new statues.
I don’t live in Massachusetts so my indifference towards Senator Warren doesn’t count for very much.
I went to school in a poor, diverse but rural area. I don’t know what qualifies a “neighborhood” as a “hood” exactly. Perhaps the presence of “thugs”? You tell me. The black people where I’m from were reasonable human beings, not animals. One could take five seconds to explain something like “I’m a police detective, I don’t hate you, but a terrorist said he’s going to blow up your elementary schools unless I do this stupid thing” and they would probably understand that.
I was planning to roleplay as a female with a puffy vagina. Have they said how puffy the default vagina option is?
A decent person would be more offended that I accused them of supporting Donald Trump. But I was right about that wasn’t I? 100% of the racists I come across are on team Trump. Prove me wrong and tell me you’re gonna vote for Biden please.
Did it come with a free gaming computer capable of playing Half-Life: Alyx, or...?
Dude looks like Robin Williams.
lol, someone punched the racist in the face and stepped on his racist sign
Looks like it.
There goes his deposit.
It was the opposite of a big deal. When MTV premiered in 1981, it was only carried by one cable provider in Northern New Jersey. Very few people saw it. Also there were frequent commercial breaks. A bunch of people on the internet remember the network being just back-to-back videos for some reason.
I’m also so privileged that politics don’t affect me directly and I honestly don’t understand how public policy affects anyone lives. My head is literally all the way up my ass right now.
They already explained that spite and immaturity are driving their support of the president. It’s more sensible than most rationalizations.
Why do you think he’s bad, exactly? Is it the news that just came out about Russia putting cash bounties on US soldiers with Trump’s tacit blessing? That news seems to be making *a lot* of people mad right now. Or is it the way he ordered his people to slow down coronavirus testing and has caused thousands upon thousands of Americans to die of preventable illness? Or are you still upset because he fucked up the fight agains ISIS in Syria so badly that his own Secretary of Defense resigned in protest? Almost everyone thinks orange man is bad for a lot of valid reasons. You should be more specific.
Oh bow!
I think just about anybody could be a star. My postman, the night janitor here. But not Ed Helms. Charisma black hole.
“Do you trust me?”
He brought this on himself.
Donald Trump is the government, Twitter is not.
It’s just a dumb website. Concerning myself with tone of the content here and whether submissions meet the posting guidelines seems like a giant waste of my time and energy. But I get it, a lot of people don’t have a lot going on their lives and that’s fine. You do you. Rage against that machine, big guy.
Taxonomy is not concerned with the number of limbs, only the evolutionary relationships between species. *Technically* having six legs is not enough to classify a species as an insect.
The optic nerve contains millions of individual axon connections between the retina and the optical cortex. Even if we invent a drug that could regrow adult nerve cells, the technology required to “rewire” each of the fibers to the correct destination doesn’t exist in any form, and I wouldn’t guess it’s going to happen in our lifetimes. I’m sorry but your friend should not invest in VR any time soon.
If the game’s level designer is making the comparison in interviews, then maybe the comparison is apt.
Has anyone played the JRPG that begins with your mom waking you up on the morning of the big festival in town?
No, not that one...
Dude is packing heat.
