"The dragon's going to attack the village! Obviously we should stand around and talk about how scary the dragon is."
Capitalism is an ignition, not an engine.
"Mom only ever fed me balogna and mayo so who needs steak?"
I appreciate you.
So many layers of cognitive dissonance here...
Even from an objective standpoint I don't tend to conflate zionists with swjs. O_o Are you sure you didn't lose track of the tautology of antagonism somewhere along the way here?
I'm suggesting that capitalism has served it's purpose but isn't the end-goal in it's own right. Nice work, capitalism, now get the fuck out of the way while I make a box that shits out tacos.
&gt;Big words anger and confuse me and I also managed to misinterpret a phrase I learned on 4chang and then double down on it. Me like to word.
Go galt and watch as the masses weep.
If we make the jump to post-scarcity what utility does the 'market' serve? I do agree it's a stretch as to whether this is relevant content but 'the market' is no less an abstract and arbitrary feature of society than that dastardly bureaucracy that somehow looks more like a dragon to you than a boring flavor of institution -- a very boring and scary dragon that's technically required for society to function on a plane higher than feudalism? Tech and libertarianism *aren't* a good mix. I'm sure of this and I can explain why if you'd like.
Oh, hey guy who's never posted here before and exclusively fixates on neoconservative talking points. Your very questionable presence is welcomed!
Hey, big fan but could y'all tone down the undertone of cynicism in your show? That shit can spread meme-wise and I'm not convinced it's a good look. I understand they're fictional characters but I think it's obvious by now that this type of thing can and does influence people. Sorry my question wasn't funnier but I'm actually sort of concerned about this. :(
I'm tempted to simply reply with "/r/ThatHappened" or "and then they all clapped" owing to your reply's hilarious paint-by-numbers similarity to the above-cited talking points but as far as I know your professed anecdotal experience is genuine so instead I'll just point out the contradicting points you've made: &gt;FTFY I'd be in the middle if you leftists didn't consider anyone not a leftist to be a neoconservative. and then &gt;To answer your question, nothing. There is nothing you can say to sway me. ಠ_ಠ
&gt;I don't understand what was so hard about that. But then again, I'm talking to someone who advocates for UBI. Yeah, I have this weird notion that we could do more than fart out cynicism and apathy all over then die because a bunch of hoity-toities want to pull an elysium.
Oh I can do dat, I just want to make sure it's functioning *well*. Left or right what we have so far isn't nearly good enough even if I lower my standards. Please look to my phasebook pro file "Libertarians, behold!" for more info.
Dude, they're automating semi trucks. Like, for-real-shit-actually-works-we're-talking-five-years-and-not-twenty. *Just* that industry hemorrhaging jobs will have a drastic effect on the economy and it isn't by far the only one. It's UBI or let people die. I don't intend to go for the latter just to appeal to some perceived pragmatism of natural selection. We simply don't have to do that to these people and not all of them are lazy assholes.
I'm surmising (with evidence) that jobs are going to evaporate even with compensatory measures. There are few jobs that can't be automated (and even those will dwindle) and profit motive will ensure that automation happens barring significant intervention (like, say, a UBI). Scarcity isn't so overwhelming that we couldn't achieve this and the moral imperative compels us to do so. I'm not letting these people tailspin into poverty and chaos because a few chucklefucks are scared of taxes and can't fathom a boogeyman other than the federal reserve or some other antagonist du jour that just so happens to be at cross purposes with corporate interests.
&gt;There just won't be enough money and chaos will be inevitable. There are literally enough resources for the world's population right now, they just aren't always getting to the people who need them. My proposed labor dilemma is a real issue and I'm simply choosing to go with the version that isn't depressing and lacking in foresight. I swear some of y'all would happily disembowel yourselves if the right person told you intact organs were a socialist trick to make you gay. O__o
Was a Bernie bro who was hoping trump would actually drain the swamp even if his other policies were a depressingly base continuation of the neoconservative m.o. (look into it, a lot of those fellas are the same rogues gallery that worked under bush jr.). You should join me in making a b-line to post-scarcity since most of the wedge issues separating progressives and libertarians (or quasi-conservatives, et al) are economic in nature and we'd make a hell of a voting bloc. It's a low risk, high payoff endeavor and you'd do well to consider it. If it doesn't work out the side effects won't be any worse than this prospective labor dilemma and if it does we both have WAY less to worry about. I'm one of those assholes who likes to care about things and I'd be quite happy to dispatch these problems so we can, like, do irl shadowrun but not retarded.
You first.
&gt;People who care about things anger and confuse me. Public pressure is the next best measure to light a fire under corporate asses when competition doesn't do the job. Deal with it.
Mostly the freebies apple gives him at work, I imagine.
Public pressure is the next best measure to light a fire under corporate asses when competition doesn't do the job.
The government is at least ostensibly obligated to spend money properly even if it doesn't always happen that way. Corporations less so. Also, if we had a libertarian/hippy standoff and had to get rid of one of the two losing the government would be the bigger loss.
You'd think apple would be savvy enough not to leave themselves prone to added criticism, though. It's a bad look and doesn't inspire confidence even if it is more reasonable than it looks at face value. Also, wait a decade or two and you'll be able to print yourself one of these at cost. Please stop advocating on behalf of people who don't care about you.
&gt;Things I disagree with: Circlejerk &gt;Things I agree with: Consensus /r/HailCorporate
Shite government: Potentially *could* throw rat-bastards in jail. No government: ... Guess what? If we default to any flavor of anarchy you won't be sitting on the throne; you probably won't even be alive.
I like your style.
Can we please start seeing more posts like this outside of /r/SandersForPresident? Sub's cool but I'd like to see better efforts to maintain momentum in the public realm.
"Is shapiro the guy who shoved a buttplug up his ass to own the libs? I'm honestly asking I'm not sure." ~ Demarcates
CMV: Libertarians seem especially prone to sycophancy if anything.
But luuuuuuuuuuv corporate executives.
[Cui bono](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cui_bono). While espousing individualism the libertarians far too often support deregulation, which in turn supports rat-bastards on the corporate side of things whether or not they (libertarians) know it or agree with it. You could say I do the same through the statist lens but I'd prefer we have *a* government and work to make it a good one. I can't say the same for corporations and could easily do without.
My headcanon was that Arya was just sort of like "Aw snap these zumbies are gonna roll us. Maybe I should just try doing what I usually do but really on point.", which sort of makes sense even if it is fanservicey and a deus ex machina -- assassinating a heavy *is* well within the bounds of her character and capabilities. My headcanon couldn't rationalize much more, however. :(
Universal Basic Upvote
Ngl biden looks like an out of touch continuation of the neoliberal 'office politics' that led to the hillary clusterfuck. He also looks sort of like frankenstein if the character was less sympathetic.
&gt;I live in a neoliberal bubble and can't fathom that having multiple competing candidates is actually a good thing and very normal historically. Bruh, just give it up the old guard is already dead whether or not they or you know it or admit it.
Take a look at the comments here and contrast them with the comments in comparatively curated subreddits (/r/News, et al) and try to tell me astroturfing doesn't happen on reddit.
&gt; And may god have mercy on your soul if you put her in the same room as Dewey. I'm ashamed to admit I have enough context to know which characters you're referring to but it's beyond me why that could be a problem. O_o
&gt;Hello fellow kids! I'm translating the vestiges of c. 2014 narrative control into modern english. You should be thanking me. &gt;The “old guard” is still most of the party/candidates and heavily reflects the actual voter base. If that were true we wouldn't be having this discussion.
&gt;Talking point #3. Still riding for Bernie if only because I stubbornly want my 'guy' to win but would gladly vote for Warren or Yang if given the opportunity. Biden is a snake in the grass and obviously propped up almost solely by corporate influence. Save it. I don't care how many replies you throw at me you won't convince me genuine internet progressives would post up on behalf of an uninspiring neanderthal like biden.
Ah, thanks. I can see how that could bother some people but having not seen that scene (or not remembered it) I'm still wondering if the joke might have been that 'the cute one' could refer to any of them. What are the context clues?
&gt;Im saying there aren’t as many progressives as you think. I've been an internet politics dork for over twenty years (for what that's worth) and progressivism has demonstrably gained traction from being a niche subset to a political force that can actually sway events. It would be natural for us to take it a step further into actual policy and politicking so of course I'll go ahead and suggest it's common or even prolific; stopping just short of straight-up intellectual dishonesty. Further, is it unreasonable to suggest it will become the norm as younger demographics establish themselves? The neoliberals started from a strategic vector of acting as if neoliberalism simply *is* and they already lost their advantage the moment Bernie and others subverted that via their mere existence. The neoliberal tack is defensive by default. I'm sorry.
"I'm not a neoliberal, I just like to advocate on behalf of corporate hegemony as if I have a stake in it. That isn't weird and I'm not a closet libertarian."
Take a look at the comments here and contrast them with the comments in comparatively curated subreddits (/r/News, et al) and try to tell me astroturfing doesn't happen on reddit.
&gt;Are you so incapable of discussion that you have to build strawmen to make yourself feel better? I'm cutting to the chase and fixating on the aspects of this I consider important. I understand it's probably difficult to distinguish that from base rhetoric but I'm doing more than trying to win narrative pingpong. Based on past experience it *is* weird to advocate for the boring and authoritarian when the internet itself and reddit especially tend to err on the side of the underdog, even if I *do* account for shifts in the lowest common denominator over the years. There *has* been a shift in demographic, especially since 2013, but even accounting for that I'd take the risk of suggesting it isn't wholly natural and have no qualms pointing my jank cannons at neoliberals, especially if their argument is disappointingly blithe and happens to resemble a curated attempt to bolster a faltering status quo. Arguing for a political faction I find distasteful? I could buy that. Doing so on behalf of the boring and insular? [Weird.](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cui_bono)
Lol, yeah it's pretty obvious. I still have no idea how people could get so worked up over it, however. Fandom and it's subsets (shipping, etc.) are a logic puzzle I consider a late game side quest alongside cybernetics and quantum physics. Any insights?
&gt;They're despicable people through and through. Assange got compromised at some point but I dont think it took much pressure or convincing, from what I gather Assange has always disliked the US and especially long time influential politicians like Hillary. Perhaps I just didn't have proper context at the time but it used to be wikileaks was anti-military industrial complex and perhaps opportunistic in their releases but otherwise factionally benign. The notion that he was explicitly anti-democrat didn't pop up in the public realm til 2016 and though his chess moves *were* suspect I'd guess the narrative was further exacerbated by tangential political factions who'd prefer to curtail anti-authoritarianism in general. **We want *a* wikileaks even if *the* wikileaks was compromised.**
&gt;Curb corporate influence on the Pentagon +1
&gt;Do we? I was thinking about this, but I don't really know if we need one these days. Wikileaks type organizations are far too easy to have be infiltrated or run by hostile foreign governments and they leaked documents that weren't gone over to redact anything that could potentially endanger anyone whereas legitimate journalists from newspapers do go over those things. "I was thinking about this, but I don't really know if we need one these days. Fireman type organizations are far too prone to infiltration by pyromaniacs and they put out fires without confirming the victims don't want to burn to death. There are plenty of legitimate torrential downpours which would happily extinguish those fires if we wait patiently for the flames to consume us." *Yes, we want a wikileaks.* Paywall daddies and legacy journalists have their niche but without going so far as to advocate accelerationism writ large I'd say they aren't properly equipped to shake things up outside their respective status quo bubbles and are often prone to domestic state subversion, which *could* be okay if I had reassurance the CIA and Pentagon (et al) weren't too busy acting like they know what they're doing to actually know what they're doing. That prescribed 'doing' would involve much more presumed responsibility to the polity and populace. Tl;dr: Shit ain't cinched up enough to acquiesce intelligent subversion to the state as of yet, though I'd agree in the basest sense that ideally we want social/political equilibrium *eventually* when it's much more obvious what these varied estates are actually doing.
Oh no here I go again caring about things.
Take a look at the comments here and contrast them with the comments in comparatively curated subreddits (/r/News, et al) and try to tell me astroturfing doesn't happen on reddit.
Honestly, even if I overlook the overwrought backlash against him it's just sorta looking like a continuation of bush jr. era neoconservatism with a slightly more edgy veneer. Could you outline some of the demonstrable good this administration has done (if you weren't being sarcastic)?
&gt;Moral realism is moot because colonialism. Speak for yourself. American exceptionalism (the *good* kind) could probably help if applied properly and without it we're less able to rationalize what it will take to actually make bad stuff stop.
Would that sentiment carry over to a time where that work week is demonstrably arbitrary?
What I'm asking is to what extent is that a logical sentiment or to what extent are you invested in portraying some philosophy of perceived 'pragmatism'? If it somehow gets to the point where work just flat out isn't necessary how will you reconcile it? Is it truly necessary or ideal?
"Hey guys just passin' through doin' pro bono corporate advocacy! This is totally normal!".
"Oh, ya know, just arguing on behalf of corporate hegemony as if I have a stake in it. This isn't incongruous or alienating in the slightest."
Bro you're gonna scare away the normies with that kind of talk and it's super off-putting even from the perspective of a sci fi nerd. No.
Ngl not even mad I just think you're projecting your ire in the wrong direction and you could totally do the same thing without the histrionics and it would probably be fine. Your emotions aren't *wrong* but my biggest misgiving is with your perception of the situation, not the decision itself.
Could have made the same point without the dog whistle. O_o
Pushing an uninspiring establishment candidate just wasn't the move even if she wasn't as bad as some would let on.
???
Excellent explanation. No /s please post more in the future.
Tl;dr plz?
Thanks for remembering me! I'll give it a listen and get back to you with feedback in a day or two. :)
Just posting to proliferate the meme of calling legacy journalists "paywall daddies".
The democratic party establishment sabotaged a progressive in favor of an uninspiring hack? My god.
No, it's actually strange. I sometimes wonder if policy makers on the corporate side of things have defaulted to a sunk cost fallacy wherein they just sort of don't want their chosen antagonist to win rather than having any real misgivings over Bernie. This is also my primary concern with Warren -- if she's getting better support for similar or the same policies is it because of identity politics, corruption, or relatability? I imagine you'd cite the third but my jaded side is telling me some of these political wranglers may expect her to be more readily sympathetic to corporatism.
"These obvious populist ideas were stolen. It's not like two people can have the same idea independently."
Oh no here I go again caring about things.
So what you're saying is biden likes dick.
Backslash before hashtag to disable formatting.
What's it like being a sentient manifestation of talking points?
No, not really. If you're gonna project at least do it in a way that isn't ugly.
Yeah that old bastard should have been a mediocre steward of nepotism and boxed wine. Surely what this country needs on the cusp of technological and social upheaval is the same old shit under a boring and cynical veneer.
Those mercenary assholes would probly declare war on an anthill given the right phrasing and a well timed case of bud light lime.
Desensitization, a thirst for vengeance, and intermittent reminders that there are few people available who could ascertain what should actually be happening much less actualize it.
Just posting to say I'm really digging Business Insider preceding the article with bullet points.
I couldn't care in the slightest if a url link is in the title; not enough to actually do something about it, anyway. O_o
I've been through fairly severe psychological trauma and by virtue of it my philosophy is to make bad stuff stop, just not so much that I can hitch my wagon to antinatalism. In ascertaining what it would take to accomplish that I've surmised aggression is occasionally called for. Pacifism is the basest and least brave flavor of humanism and rarely belies a deep philosophy. Even popular culture exemplars of patience and wisdom such as Gandalf or Mr. Spock would ice a ni🅱🅱a given the right rationalization. The world is neither too horrible nor too overpopulated for antinatalism to be the go-to presumption, ergo it's a safe bet to think those who propose it are projecting some facet of an unhealthy ego even if I grant the benefit of the doubt and get into the nitty-gritty of the idea.
&gt;عقب‌ماندگی This is the word that means retardation in Farsi. "Page successfully bookmarked."
I'm both disappointed that these aren't literally ice cream cones filled with pizza and unimpressed with the amount of pepperoni and sauce applied.
Either someone's gaslighting us or there are waaaaaaaay more toddlers on youtube than I ever would have guessed. Do these ploys for attention actually work or is it just an arbitrary fad among marketers who want to look like what they're doing actually brings in views somehow?
Oh no here I go again caring about things.
"Soft power requires discreet power. Discreet power requires hard ignorance. Hard ignorance is never the best option."
Hey nah I'm pretty sure we want to look into this. O_o
"...a weapon to surpass metal gear... *the nogaigger*."
Could you elaborate what media he controls?
Will check it out. That one's been on my podcast backburner for a while so I suppose now's a good time to try it out.
Oi m8 that's when u start bustin' balls.
I'm not super predisposed to like the guy, but there *is* this weird phenomenon where anyone who may stand out as a moral authority is beset by assholes coming out of the woodwork to explain why we shouldn't listen to what's otherwise a reasonable opinion. Smacks of a base destabilization attack if viewed from the macro; the question is *why*?
Oh no here I go again caring about things.
Hey buddy whatcha doin' there??
&gt; If this ends in war, even war that doesn't go well, we will be getting what we deserve. Speak for your god damned self. I'm insinuating myself into your situation since your comment makes little sense objectively and implies some macro strategy tacitly whether or not you know it. Whatcha doin' there??
&gt;Things I like: consensus &gt;Things I don't like: conspiracy
Thanks.
Imagine riding for *biden*.
Yeah it's pretty fun thanks.
Cui bono.
Hey, you. Keep posting things.
*20 minutes in* &gt;I must bitch about this thing.
Megaton oof.
iunno man, there's this weird chess game involving political definitions that's been around for decades but really amped up in intensity in recent years. As an admitted political nerd I can't quite elevate myself to that level of pedantry so I try to go by the colloquial uses and consider these academic interpretations to be a red flag.
&gt; Can the HK government protect the safety of HKers who support the movement but required to travel to China due to work/school commitment? Fuck 'em do it anyway.
So... the actual career politician is somehow less politically experienced than the guy who ambled into the presidency through what I can only assume was a bid to start a fox news side hustle combined with the whims of some malevolent trickster spirit?
&gt;I don’t know, I don’t listen to him.
He usually argues from a liberal/libertarian standpoint but doesn't push back as hard as I'd like against edgy/chucklefuck conservative archetypes. Could be better but it's positive/benign by a fair margin and probably a net gain in a divisive information ecosystem.
Fucking bet -- if Bernie was never involved the current landscape of voter issues would be even more insular and corporate-curated. Do you suppose the scrappy firebrand archetype may result in less wins but bigger wins when luck does strike? Precisely what we need right now. :)
No, I definitely want people to have opinions and fight for them. Just wait till JoeBro gets older and gives less fucks, $50 sez he gets more demonstrably leftist.
He usually argues from a liberal/libertarian standpoint but doesn't push back as hard as I'd like against edgy/chucklefuck conservative archetypes. Could be better but it's positive/benign by a fair margin and probably a net gain in a divisive information ecosystem.
But li'l jimmy libertarian is also informed of ubi and income inequality. (☞ﾟヮﾟ)☞
Those chucklefucks make up a minority of guests, however. Bare minimum I know more about mushrooms, bjj subculture and comedian subculture from listening to the show. Not super useful but indicative of the *increase* in vectors of information this show provides, which we probably want. Doubly so if I'm right in thinking certain factions are vying for information monopolies at this very moment.
Been a fan since the Newsradio days. He went from floopty conspiracy theoriest (bigfoot, aliens, et al) to alex jones conspiracy theorist (9/11, etc.) to openly advocating for ubi and medicare for all over recent years. His trajectory has demonstrably been towards the liberal and intellectual and I only see that increasing in intensity once he's less worried about alienating his audience with his politics.
oh no
Please keep legitimizing Bernie as a valid candidate by fixating on him. :)
A thinking man's question.
Iunno gotta keep that narrative truckin'.
It is actually kind of fucking weird and smacks of macro strategy, yeah. ಠ_ಠ
The only question of unipolarity is whether the end result is sufficient and compatible with the human experience.
I lived through the 90s and I don't remember anyone saying that.
I get what you're saying from context clues but aren't quite smart enough to know what 'nomativity' and +/- are referring to. Are these statistics terms?
Reminder that you could point that out without being antagonistic if you wanted to.
&gt;CNN, in particular, does not like Bernie Sanders, and it fucking shows. Could you further theorize on why that is? I have my own ideas but I'd like to garner some additional context if possible. Also, keep posting things.
No, the quality of information I get here is better by magnitudes -- no contest.
I find your theory plausible but would like details.
You may not be interested in politics but politics is interested in you.
So... the actual career politician is somehow less politically experienced than the guy who ambled into the presidency through what I can only assume was a bid to start a fox news side hustle combined with the whims of some malevolent trickster spirit?
downvote en route
Get back in the ring, Rocky.
It really is. I've learned a lot of useful things here. ¯\\\_(ツ)_/¯
Okay yeah that's the context I referred to. Where did you pick it up from?
Thanks. :)
&gt;If we're talking about something remotely political though? There's a good chance you're just feeding into your biases as much as the echo chambers on facebook and such. Of course you would think it's better. The people who are reading alt-right stuff on Facebook think that's better. That's how it works. [I'm very familiar with the subject](https://www.reddit.com/r/quotes/comments/ai0jtt/stop_saying_posttruth_what_you_mean_is/). We still want the printing press even if it's used to disseminate calvanist literature.
If he wanted to actually discuss this in an intellectually honest way he'd consider diplomacy. That he isn't suggests he isn't actually here to improve the situation. That applies to you too.
I agree with the above point but don't want it weaponized to drive away support and discussion. Do you suppose you're a bit caught up in political checkers and overlooked the underlying context?
I'm not convinced you actually know or care what we're even talking about.
Looks fairly mundane to me.
Cui bono.
Okay so what if I'm *actually* disillusioned with establishment democrats and have little faith they can successfully compensate in their playbook to a trump presidency? It was bad enough when I thought they were just predisposed to incrementalism; turns out they're simply not capable of adapting quickly or sufficiently. This means either their playbook has been compromised by bad actors or they're tacitly complicit in the current power dynamic. Neither is acceptable.
I'm most specifically concerned with whoever runs strategy for the dnc and those who work with them. Right populism came in from the side like a semi truck and their response wasn't just lackluster, they barely deviated from what's now very obviously an outdated m.o.. Imo the (likely weaponized) chaos we're seeing now is probably just the tip of the iceberg and we can't have mr. magoo over here at the wheel in case semi truck #2 is inbound.
I'd be happy to discuss my concerns if you'd like. :)
Nah that was actually a bit weird what's with that part?
Seconded. Not super into it but Yang has a talent for nuanced ideas that may not be immediately obvious.
How well does hanlon's razor hold up if someone's intentionally trying to exploit hanlon's razor?
&gt;What would happen if I mentioned Andrew Yang (in an arbitrarily antagonistic way that invites conflict)? ಠ_ಠ
Hey guys lookit' moneybags over here.
Iunno I think this is one where you just grit your teeth and go with it since his request is more or less *technically* benign. It's pretty fuckin' metal and might imply very personal motivations.
Dafuq u talkin' bout I've been waiting ages for gramps to start clapping back. We not only want some gut shots but this is a early game mob compared to the toxicity of fronting on trump. More please.
Dafuq u talkin' bout I've been waiting ages for gramps to start clapping back. We not only want some gut shots but this is a early game mob compared to the toxicity of fronting on trump. More please.
Uh oh, a nuanced view that doesn't fit into a soundbite.
Hey buddy whatcha doin there?
Are a lot of people pointing fingers at you? Does this happen often?
They're on the defensive. Hit hard.
Listen -- I'm not for victim blaming, and I've been through my own gamut of arbitrary antagonism, but generally I don't walk around feeling like I'm under the scrutiny of every rando I encounter. Apologies if your concerns are more valid than I realize, but do you suppose *maybe* it isn't the pointing fingers that are the problem?
Could we do more like this but without fixating on the impeachment/indictment? Kind of takes some of the oomph out of the meme by going in that direction.
Oh hey congratulations you've found your bannon du jour!
I don't know what for yet but I'm going to start using "saying golly gee at the poindexter trial" as a euphemism for something.
Trying to play volleyball at the hammer throw.
The answer is full blown alzheimer's. :(
Could you elaborate?
Thanks.
hey thanks for informing me of scrodad joe everything looks new to me now
I've been told that but I haven't seen it.
Seconded.
Arguing with quasi libertarians about the politics of star trek is super fun and almost guaranteed to result in a non sequitur of some sort -- &gt;...say what you will about the tenets of ferengi economics but at least they had an ethos.
I'm very concerned with whoever runs strategy for the dnc and those who work with them. Right populism came in from the side like a semi truck and their response wasn't just lackluster, they barely deviated from what's now very obviously an outdated m.o.. Imo the (likely weaponized) chaos we're seeing now is probably just the tip of the iceberg and we can't have mr. magoo over here at the wheel in case semi truck #2 is inbound.
Ya know, I've found that almost without fail whoever's citing pragmatism (politically, anyway) is at a disadvantage.
"You're only as smart as the five people you spend the most time with."
Am I meant to cite trump as an example of successful populism? If so, doesn't that act as immediate evidence that you aren't here to help? Or, if not, what point are you even trying to make? O_o
Populism got us the new deal and saw us through world war two.
&gt;Not really. &gt;They were flexing. &gt;I mean what can you do about it. &gt;And how can you be stupid enough to cross them now unless you're okay with dying. &gt;And dey got big 'ol peepees I wanna touch and suck on.
I'm just pointing out that appeals to pragmatism are, by default, a defensive tactic in this context -- a call for return to form and manifestly conservative.
Naw bro you *aren't* supposed to ironically fulfill every possible negative stereotype. What are you even doing have some god damned self respect.
Then compare and contrast your dinners on insta.
You want class solidarity for the same reasons you want herd immunity.
Dude get yourself some weed and some fresh air. Go talk to a stranger.
I agree in sentiment but disagree in effect. We can't have foreign powers seeding potential candidates for future elections. China does that shit just in the corporate realm and it's already an annoying clusterfuck that will probably bite them in the ass when they reach a certain dearth of social capital.
Okay so how about go with the version that *isn't* maladjusted and antagonistic. Also, buy some god damn edibles.
Hey how 'bout give 'em a reacharound too.
I'm pretty sure the deep state (for lack of a more nuanced term) is fighting with itself. I don't think I've seen so many disparate counterintuitive chess moves concurrently like this -- to be expected if we're going to excise the old guard but I'm still surprised it's playing out in such a uniform manner in the macro.
If it wasn't just trolls? My best guess is some assumed the central landmass would be the US based on very tenuous context clues (the important country takes precedent) and chose something off to the side.
He's just a low accuracy/high crit archetype. Iffy for dps on it's own but a demonstrable advantage against high level mobs if you have a tank and a healer.
Friendly reminder that public pressure re: oddly specific infrastructure changes are a primary vector through which reddit has been gamed already.
Hey buddy whatcha doin' there?
Imagine populism, but good. What does it look like?
good 'ol scrandice joe it isn't weird to support him
Was pretty damn hillary-centric leading up to the last election.
scranjus jodad is my new candidate thanks to you
&gt;vote for grampa frankenstein
Hillary-centric, not always hillary-supportive.
Hey man I'm not doing 2016 pingpong, shit ain't classy. It looked pretty damn hillary-centric to me and I'm not trying to push a narrative.
Maybe some sort of mutual and converse confirmation bias? I was riding for Bernie at the time and you (presumably) Hillary, so maybe the perceived public sentiments we respectively projected made the same information look different in each case. Anyway it's disingenuous to suggest that Bernie-centrism is necessarily bad since he's *sort* of a contending democratic candidate and *very* popular on reddit, specifically. There's precedent for this sort of fixation and it's feasibly in line with popular sentiment.
nibba I know irl straight up told me Bernie was actually arrested for throwing eggs at black people. ¯\\\_(ಠ\_ಠ)_/¯
The overton window shifts he's provided and to a lesser extent his many sponsored bills are the crit skill in this context. His goals are very well established and if you hadn't noticed they aren't post office-centric. Winning the primary would be a successful crit, for example; same with the presidency.
Nah the legacy media is actually kind of stilted and (from the looks of it) slowly being compromised through a myriad of vectors. Word to god I'm not just saying this because it's convenient for me -- contemporary news media flat out isn't compatible with the coming information ecosystem, politics aside.
The chess moves are getting real fucking weird in neoliberal strongholds. Something's changed.
That's sort of the point of making the jump from senator to president, yeah.
Now? Were we talking before?
I use it to refer to the de facto media that developed post-ww2 and through the cold war, up to and including cable news. Their loyalties are spread too thin between several very insistent masters (corporate, state(s), and social) and don't actually have much to offer the much more fluid information landscape of the internet.
Point that out any time you see it, especially if you suspect it's astroturfing.
Some media has merit -- my concern is with the shift in how we obtain and parse information. I personally think we can weather deepfakes, propaganda, whatever the successor to twitter is, etc., but whatever it ends up being will be much more chaotic and mercenary for a time than what allows for our current information mill. It's going to take adaptability plus resistance to myriad negative reinforcements to actually operate in my projected future media zeitgeist.
Okay, so, if positive populism happened, how would it play out?
Right, but my rhetorical point is that one can imagine what should be happening whether or not it is. If we establish that in yours or his terms it's harder for either of you to dismiss it.
Drop this fake ass meme like a hot brick. Also, how would being preoccupied with his duties cause him to take notice of toxic supporters were that actually an issue?
Hey guys, let's count the number of times this is brought up as the narrative du jour today! No, seriously, let's keep track of it so we can make astroturfing more complicated and expensive.
I'd rather babysit Bernie's scrappy kids than JoBi's zero kids.
Who does curate jre clips anyway?
How 'bout MLK and Jesus?
I see -- I was thinking the line of thought is jre clips goes for salacious videos to bring in views which results in more soundbites that could associate Joe with alt right themes to the uninitiated.
MLK: Confirmed socialist. Jesus: Implied socialist.
Yeah convenient how they wrote so much about him.
Playing volleyball at the hammer throw.
Mutually assured discussion.
The question is how do you go so long without realizing you're in a bubble?
Nah bro we want to increase the turnover of congress, not facilitate it. If you're gonna be weird you should make sure you aren't boring too.
I was referring to hillary.
Dude just don't.
I've found over the years that the moment someone accuses me of hypocrisy is the moment I'm winning the argument.
Don't worry the neofascists are just coming to terms with the notion that they don't actually have a monopoly on patriotism and public service.
Wow what's it like in your dimension where that's a normal thing to say?
Biden's the closest thing you'll find to hillary w/ grampa nuts and I don't like him either.
what is it with boomers and exclamation points...
&gt;You dropped this '?'!
I think you replied to the wrong post bruv.
I think you replied to the wrong post bruv.
&gt;I'm a huge Bernie supporter but here's an opposition talking point. O_o
Nah man it's not that bad and even if it was the move isn't to draw attention to it. Biden is a low level mob compared to trump and we *definitely* want *more* aggression if Bernie's his challenger.
In rhetorics terms you could have claimed that no matter what I said. Doesn't inspire faith in your motives.
Nah man I just thought it was weird to claim support while the takeaway is a straight up talking point I've seen as far back as 2016.
&gt;things I like: consensus &gt;things I don't like: circlejerk
Calm the hell down and do something useful if you're that concerned.
I utterly *loathe* capitulation but I'm pretty sure *someone* is trying to divide and conquer. Right now we want an increase in information.
Yes because normal people know about and argue on behalf of banks.
I played an rpg one time where one of the classes was 'statistician'. He didn't do math for the orcs.
Because normal people know about and argue on behalf of banks.
Totally normal.
This isn't weird.
This is a thing normal people do.
Nah that's pretty much the move on this one.
Economics is just libertarian dungeons and dragons.
Oh hey look a normal post by a normal person who has expertise in this specific matter.
It's okay autism-bot you'll learn what love is some day. :(
&gt;moonspeak 🤔
The population of people who prefer academic interpretations over colloquial use is way out of whack on reddit and I wanted to allude as such.
Tell us more bank lore plz.
Is that the director's cut where legolas gets a subprime loan?
Let me know when he starts sniffing children.
Nah Biden would cut to the chase and just say it himself.
I don't know what any of that even means.
Hint: Find a president who is a woman, not a woman who is a president.
Ignorance is the cause and group dynamics are the vehicle. Something I've learned as an introvert is that most people seem to have some sense of what *feels* right based on the perceived consensus of whoever it is in their life whose opinions they value -- &gt;I'm going to post this facebook meme about how millenials are malnourished trans kids who eat tide pods even though I'm technically one myself but don't actually know the definition outside of 'millenial is the new way of saying hipster'. To subvert what you described one must counter and supplant this consensus-in-the-abstract with a new analogue.
Straight up, name-dropping pepe was a bad move no matter how you cut it.
You first.
It's almost like a dark and twisted take on one of Jung's [archetypes](https://carljungdepthpsychologysite.blog/2019/03/13/the-mother-archetype/#.XiyxBzJKjIU). I'm going solely on intuition so take this with a grain of salt, but I'm wondering if there's some intrinsic socio-evolutionary cause for this 'dark mother' archetype as a foil for conservatives.
Astroturfing and idiots acting like it's okay because other idiots are acting like it's okay.
"Oh no we might accidentally make the environment better even if we don't need to."?
Astroturfers and quasi-libertarians with daddy issues.
No, he should go negative but in Bernie terms.
Whatever this phenomenon is it's more about reducing the frequency and quality of information available than actually actively gaslighting Rogan or Bernie fans.
So... you're spreading the intellectually dishonest narrative you cited to start with??
cui bono
No.
Hey look at me all not giving a fuck.
Is that something you want??
&gt;I work for big cotton. Everything we do is to make better product and fabrics and clothes.
The great filter is probably actually just stupid people?
All else aside, if we could somehow magically arrange it so people *don't* have to work, would you?
Okay you're answering 'what happens if an idiot wins the lottery?'. I asked "All else aside, if we could somehow magically arrange it so people don't have to work, would you?". So, all else aside, if we could somehow magically arrange it so people don't have to work, would you?
I'll keep you in mind for when I need a workhorse. :)
"None are so hopelessly enslaved as those who mistakenly think they're free."
Gid'yup, Marigold.
🍎
At first I thought "youtube face" was a brazen ploy to get those tasty toddler demographic clicks but now I think it's probably just the devil trying to gaslight me again.
Is it okay if I side with npr on this one but still think they have a very bad case of insular neoliberalitis? In over 20 hours of active listening over the last couple months the closest thing to investigative journalism I heard was a piece about negligence in the navy that they played twice in two weeks. Everything else was trump, fluff, and the economy. Not good enough if they're going to have a de facto monopoly on FM talk radio.
You're the type of guy who sees a polio kid and blames the iron lung.
Imagine caring about that sort of thing.
Want a monopoly on FM talk radio? Then you need to do something other than msnbc: audio version. Don't try to tell me that isn't a reasonable sentiment -- look at Frontline, for example.
&gt;what does Frontline, a TV program, have anything to do with radio? I wanted to rout several of your anticipated counter arguments by pointing out that there's a precedent for comprehensive investigative journalism in public media. &gt;Is it their fault there are no other FM talk radio stations? Do people only listen to FM and not AM if they want talk radio? Honestly? I'm pretty sure someone or something is trying to establish an information monopoly or perimeter in our mutual aspect but I'd need to establish a number of premises for this to make sense. In npr's case they resemble a symptom of this theoretical m.o. whether or not they're knowingly complicit in it and should be addressed.
/r/SelfAwareWolves
&gt;Can you elaborate? Sure! You're the type of guy who sees a dude with a broken leg and blames the cast.
cui bono
&gt;PantsGrenades casts *fortify*.
I think this one's actually just popularity.
Yeah I remember that episode of the twilight zone. What does it have to do with this though?
Accelerationism is a scalpel, not a bludgeon.
Hey man we actually sort of want to be concerned about that.
I see you've played knifey/spooney before.
Oh my lord calm the hell down and do something useful if you think it's that serious.
Well, this definitely sounds closer to what I think should be happening. :(
I refuse to click your link and insist that it shouldn't have happened to start with. :(
Think about what's happening in contrast with what should be happening. Does your narrative fit? No? Then why are you involving yourself?
natrartrive xbz dranoballZ
Honestly? You should have done that a year ago when it counted. Now it's weird and you came at me when I was drunk which is doubly a bad idea. Maybe just think about what you're doing and whether it's improving the situation.
Honest question: Do you believe what you're saying is helping?
"You're not wrong, Walter, you're just an asshole."
oh hey here's this...
I honestly think it may be a large-scale destabilization attack seeded via metadynamic means.
hey, Pentagon buddies. Mebbe step in if it goes off the rails -- just a thought. Even better if you actually have some pretense of service to country.
valley person
jesus christ can you at least choose something less /r/awfuleverything?
lol we need more cheeky shit like this right now -- get this to the frontpage
I was deeply insulted because I was legitimately trying to help you and you fixated on the trans part while ignoring my obvious trans sympathy. It was never about that and there's nuance here beyond you and I, as well. Suggesting that there are retroactive and weaponized effects involving sexual power politics *does not* imply that your preferred gender is invalid. It also, frankly, follows a pattern of people rather suspiciously taking things in way the hell the wrong direction as soon as I get to the juicy bits and thus looked likely weaponized to me. Just cool off for a while and maybe I'll try explaining it again now that I have a more solid contextual basis to work from.
wait, we're allowed to dislike people for not doing some very specific thing even though they're decentralized anyway and it's like you just said &gt;I lost all respect for doctors without borders because they didn't cure my dog's thrombosis ?
hey bby how u doin'??
In the future when conservatives piss me off I'm going to just start saying "~.t h e i m p e c c.~" without any additional context.
oh gosh oh jeez
It's technically good if they're accelerating their endgame early.
I drastically overestimated the number of people who've watched Ghost in the Shell...
Hey bibbs this is way the fuck less stupid than 90% of what most people have told me over the last few years. XD It's cool let me suss some things out and I'll get back to you with some good info some time soon.
http://eonsimia.blogspot.com/2008/09/anonymous-rl-stand-alone-complex.html &gt;The Standalone complex is a phenomenon where unrelated individuals act in a similar manner which creates an appearance of a concerted effort. As in someone mentions something or does something that attracts the attention of others. With out communicating specifically with each other, they each act in a manner consistent with that of the original suggestion or action. This creates the appearance of a concerted effort even though the individuals are unrelated, there is no leader as such and no overall plan.
Oh jeez I'm so cold.
Bruv just move along you're clowning yourself.
"You're not wrong, Walter, you're just an asshole."
Your next critical thinking lesson: Quality of information in relation to accuracy of information. Which is more important and are they mutually exclusive?
Hey, this is totally tangential and i apologize for the aside, but if you actually read this could y'all PLEASE get a handle on astroturfing so I don't have to do it for you? Thanks.
Nah, I get your point but it was probably more "here's my chance to stop antifa!" O_o
You're rather drastically embellishing... Forget the narrative checkers -- why?
Huh?
Which Watchmen character do you self-identify as?
https://youtube.com/watch?v=qatmJtIJAPw
Not helping -- you could just as easily subvert trump without trying to subvert American exceptionalism.
Nah this influence is probably good in aggregate.
oh no oh jeez
This was actually after that. Source: Watched it live.
Well then maybe it's time to ask the fbi about *their* politics...
Hey don't rope me into this.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=egmmYxXhScQ
keep talkin' paywall daddy
Silver lining: We now know that these specific assholes have *no* fucking clue what they're doing.
Mirroring the clinton/trump m.o. of nepotism... Does anyone have a bead on the politics of chosun? Gonna guess it's South Korean?
What I said doesn't actually conflict with what you said. O_o Havin' a bad day there buddy??
MC enany has been a hack since he dropped Bootlickers 2.
Hey buddy whatcha doin' there??
Listen, I'm trying to lay off of biden in service to removing trump but it looks to me like the neoliberals are corrupt and boring and the neoconservatives are corrupt and crazy and I do *not* understand why you consider this football game worthwhile. Sunk cost, maybe?
I guess sweet lil baby boy really wants to start some shit?
I'm telling you; they're trying to govern us with a puppet show and it's not even a good one. *None* of this is worth this rickety and anachronistic dichotomy and it's only going to get more obvious. I'd bet my life on it.
*The* rick wiles?!
Damn, I think I actually saw this one on liveleak but didn't have full context. :(
No we *want* to see these things so we know what low-information voters are thinking.
Hey nice hot take. Would prefer actionable info though...
I recall seeing evidence that hillary's team pushed for trump initially in the hopes he'd act as a ringer (perhaps in the podesta emails?). Does anyone know what I'm talking about?
That's roughly similar to what I recall but it won't do much good if I can't remember where I saw it.
The obfuscation around the podesta emails was pernicious and prevalent. I *still* have trouble convincing neoliberals that it even happened.
Any clue where the evidence for this originates?
trump and the gop being dedicated doofuses doesn't somehow remove the ccp's cynicism and corruption.
yeah, but china (the government) *is* actually just straight up janky too in a different way. How 'bout we just focus on ousting trump without sacrificing American exceptionalism in the process?
That would be good if they're guilty of it! I just fear the trump hate is so prolific that some are losing sight of priorities -- if we neuter American hegemony are any of the other likely options any better? Probably not and you know it.
It isn't one or the other, silly. They're both kind of really demonstrably bad unless everything I've been told about contemporary geopolitics is a lie.
Attack trump but not genuine American interests. Do you understand?
nah man I've been practicing spooky high-concept existentialism for like six or seven years now. I still don't know what's real half the time but I'm ready for it.
It's not frustrating anymore if you must speak in the language of knuckles.
It's not just him -- a friend of mine and his 'caretaker' (a real fuckin' dumb old lady) talk about this shit day in day out and it takes work to introduce anything other than propaganda into their knowledge base. It's real god damned malignant with some of these people. They can sit there and bounce conspiracy theories off of each other all day and they're *always* pointed at whoever propagandists don't like... I hate to say it my friends but we musn't treat these people as if they have independent agency anymore. They must be dominated or destroyed through no fault of their own. It's that bad.
He's treating practical and philosophical matters as gaming (as in game theory) tactics. When reality suffers as a result we end up with these boomer moves that are down right demented because it's all he knows.
&gt;but achually...
No it's really, really bad and I see it weekly. You don't understand what you're doing -- these people would follow trump into WAR even if it was just him, a gaggle of old ladies and a meth head they picked up on the way. We gotta be ready.
&gt;but we can't be the ones making calls for domination and destruction. It feeds right into the propagandists' plans Mutually assured discussion.
&gt;How can educated people be so ignorant? My theory is cognitive blocks sown intentionally via metadynamic means -- I assure you those words actually mean things. Sociology and psychology also play a role, of course. Socio-evolutionary group dynamics are the vehicle. Until I can publish my 'thesis', though, just take that to imply there are vectors of manipulation by proxy here that are retroactive and even fantastical. It's really scary but I kind of understand how it works now. Edit: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=l8OE8kg7DoQ
I'm totally serious and I can explain it, there's just a LOT of uptake since in every case I have to establish some number of premises first. :(
I don't know what's going on here but I'm going to assume it's something I like. XD
"If you want to help the world, assist those who want *more* information, not less."
The change from primarily msm to social media *does* match up with that timeline.
[Me too!](https://www.reddit.com/r/news/comments/gyf14u/a_brief_update_from_the_rnews_mod_team/fta5dhl/) Is this a crossover episode?? Seriously tho you wanna collaborate on this? We can probably make something happen -- I've been petitioning the admins and mods for years on implementing better safeguards against social engineering. I even have some ideas as to how we could positively identify them. Maybe a sub specifically for the purpose of rooting out astroturfers a la the anti spam subs? Would have to walk a fine line (false positives would get us banned *real* quick) but frankly I'm sick of this shit, like, yesterday and then some.
Iunno if it raises awareness further I say go for it. This opinion isn't indicative of a healthy ego.
As long as they haven't been manipulated into doing so.
I *want* women to have individual agency. Sometimes they *don't*.
I'm sorry but I'm usually good with nuance and I have no clue what you're getting at -- in case we're just on different wavelengths but otherwise compatible philosophically could you explain?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tdBZ4kyYb3s
Ew, does anyone have a second source on this? If true the dnc *needs* to stop fucking up. Really gettin' sick of this shit -- this is way bigger than their insular little cabal stuck on the 90s model.
I actually have similar anti-academic sentiments but that premise *is* kind of fucking dumb. Edit: Please don't censor me with downvotes. I'd actually like to discuss this.
https://www.reddit.com/r/news/comments/gygnfo/nationwide_protests_against_police_brutality/ftir549/
Gotta keep them plebs dumb and classist. There used to be a time when unions actually got shit done, believe it or not.
The psy ops chess on this one is fucking weird and anecdotal proof that some in power have utterly bonkers priorities...
&gt;Drop the homophobia and misogyny and maybe we can get something going.
&gt;Drop the homophobia and misogyny and maybe we can get something going. ?? Do you have the impression I'm not getting it?
and here I am working on my track "Televising the Revolution".
Sounds good. The project is like #3 on my list of priorities but I do intend to release something at some point. I'll save this for later reference.
Thanks!
Don't even disagree but I wish people would stop talking about this as if it's just another case of predictable gop corruption. *This level of suppression is a de facto attempted coup*. It's not a normal situation and we shouldn't be expected to handle it in a normal way.
4
I've been going with "Black lives matter, and all lives matter, but right now we're focusing on the black ones." whenever this crops up. Strikes a more egalitarian tone while still focusing on the priority. Downside is "all lives matter" is now associated with actual assholes so it's difficult to float this one.
Look up the Last Podcast on the Left episode on Joseph Smith. If it didn't go so off the rails he might've been an inspiration of mine.
Okay this is pretty cheeky.
7
I'm cool with it if gramps is, but god damn does "team player" strike the wrong tone. How about "Bernie Sanders joins the fold" or something like that?
Neoliberals are prone to narrative over reality too, just less so than most conservatives.
Right, but what if that's a context clue to imply first contact with us specifically?
I saw this yesterday but have been looking for a second source. Could you link me to the source of your info?
Just calling it like I see it. It does in some ways resemble what it would look like if a type 1 civilization catalyzed a star to get our attention. Additional context clue that may or may not be related: https://youtube.com/watch?v=v51OH10Zbi8
hmm
See, I can't fuck with this language -- imagine a scenario where I'm *actually* right, and what I'm saying is important, but someone dismisses it blithely because I'm "mansplaining". Forget the narrative checkers -- I *don't* like trump. But if this is ever truly a problem for me it will be a problem for *you* too.
Imagine thinking this is something that should be happening.
I know a bit about international probes of US troops.
Hey, even if this is true (wouldn't be surprised -- actblue *is* kind of fucky) you're not going to get much traction like this owing to the current environment and because people who haven't looked into it will be resistant to the idea because it sounds so ludicrous. In as much as this is actually a problem I'd suggest going rogue and pursuing extrapolitical options.
yeah okay thanks
Ooh, interesting tactic. I gotta think about this but at face value I'll tentatively say it's a solid move.
You don't suppose it could be used as a thought terminating fallacy to 'win' an argument? I actually agree with your logic but it doesn't always play out that way, unfortunately.
Flat out, I've literally had experiences (primarily online) where the described phenomenon or something like it occurred even when what I was saying was manifestly benign and even enriching. You wouldn't put up with it and I don't intend to either. We could be making all the same points without insinuating racial and gender bias, and that's what this is whether or not you like it. :(
ngl I'm kind of hoping it comes to this.
We could be outraged about this without the implied nationalism, you know. O_o
I wish people would stop talking about this as if it's run of the mill corruption. What they're doing is *a de facto attempted coup*. It's not a normal situation and we shouldn't be expected to handle it in a normal way.
I've been trying to get admins and mods onboard to improve astroturfing countermeasures for almost a decade. They don't seem super interested...
Would also go a long way towards establishing the practice as an actual threat and making people cognizant of it.
Yeah it got weird a few years back -- started seeing more and more articles about astroturfers out of left field -- Iran, Ukraine, etc..
What actually happened there?? O_o
Seems to skew towards contractor types, who I imagine may have more than one client depending on the country and political atmosphere.
Okay this looks god damn badass.
link?
Guardian's legit as hell except on geopolitical stuff -- tends to skew towards eastern hegemony (hmm) but generally it's safe to assume they aren't just making shit up.
Agenda? Yes, though I'm unsure who specifically they take their cues from. Leftist infowars? Not even close.
I've noticed that alt-right astroturfers (and probably some actual conservatives) have been unusually defensive re: political content in non-political subs as of late (see: the epstein thing in /r/WorldPolitics). Maybe a novel tactic?
I'm not convinced we're even having the same conversation. O_o
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5hfYJsQAhl0
Things that were not in this article and should have been: * Mentions of Assange and/or The Guardian (they only mentioned gucifer in passing and not by name). * Any discussion whatsoever regarding who *did* make the app and why it was done. Come on fellas get with it while you still can. Some of us are on that wannabe journalist shit and we're getting good at it.
oh jeez if only we could have seen it coming
Hey! I've been trying to convince /u/redtaboo to engage me on some ideas re: astroturfing countermeasures. It's super cool to see actual efforts made in action but I'm also over here like "hey, I'm actually talking about something here...". What can I do (as a pro bono politics nerd) to convince you guys to listen to me??
ngl *to this day* their ui conventions don't match up very well with actual functionality. I've always chalked it up as the disparity between coders and artists. Happens with other things too -- inkscape is like a rubix-fucking-cube you can paint with. :/
At it's core I think it's probably more about group dynamics and socio-evolutionary traits. Most things are. Edit: Replied in the wrong place somehow but I'll leave it.
Column: Narrative from premise instead of anything we need to be talking about.
Having not read the article, my guess is they want to downplay the notion that the UK is doing this of their own accord.
&gt; I hate /r/conspiracy The solution to this is to improve /r/conspiracy, not shit on it.
Next we handle the more nebulous *contractor* disinformation...
And is it safe to assume the majority of people who turn off political ads intentionally wouldn't be conservative? Hmm.
Hmm, politics nerd, oldschool redditor, plays angband variants... Looks solid. Here's the conundrum: 1) I actually do have ideas that would probably improve reddit. 2) If I just put them out there they're essentially only a primer on novel propaganda tactics which could just as easily be exploited as applied. (I'm not sure but I think this may have already happened o_o) 3) Talking with an admin is one of the only ways I might be able to successfully sidestep that dilemma without any professional clout other than obvious experience. I wrote [this](https://www.reddit.com/r/EffortPost/comments/8bccp7/rtheoryofreddit_repost/) ages ago and all it really accomplished was betraying how receptive the admins at the time were to the idea (not much). I wrote it up, pulled a bit of a coup by sending it to the admins and *all* mods of political/news subs, and from my frontend perspective it probably actually caused some internal strife, which is good since it probably would have happened anyway, just not so soon. Unfortunately they look at least partially complicit since I've since been told that /r/Politics and such are no longer defaults. I even saw some of what I suggested implemented on select subs and was told that the original write-up is no longer visible though I haven't independently verified that. The only moves now are to simply implement my ideas on my own or get someone in reddit management to actually talk to me.
Thanks! For reference it was originally written in (probably) 2012.
There's just *really* no good god damned reason it isn't like that already. Thanks to the internet the information gap is narrowing, however, and people are now more cognizant of arbitrary processes.
"When there's a gaggle of antisemites monopolizing a corner of the room you don't stop talking, you talk louder." ~ Georg Carlinski
&gt;neoliberals are rather disappointingly unimaginative Truly shocking.
https://www.reddit.com/r/WholesomeConspiracy/comments/9rzxz4/blessed_yee_haw/
I think maybe it caught his head and separated the spine so quickly you can't really see it??
As a wannabe comedy writer I'm going to guess they just thought 'kirkland' struck a funnier tone phonetically.
Speak for yourself.
&gt;here's why the left is bad *list of several things I like*
I've flat out experienced things that imply by default that we're either in a simulation (or something like it) or that our world has been affected by one.
Nothing else could possibly explain their predictably corporate m.o., though.
The obfuscation around those emails is pernicious and malignant. I *still* have trouble convincing neoliberals it even happened.
Yup -- even stranger since she could make for an obvious conservative foil a la hillary or pelosi but they went with AOC instead.
The argument is to quality, not bias.
I'm just referring to center-left liberals I talk to on reddit. Outside of niche subs this topic often turns into a fog of war whirlwind of 'butterymales', 'assange rape', and just about anything other than actual discussion of the content. I've even seen people flat out claim that the leak didn't occur.
Shouldn't it be?
Being a political nerd you better believe I read the podesta leaks asap and that was definitely in there. Here's the part where you'd normally demand citations if you really wanted the truth.
That's the source of the proof of collusion we're discussing. **[HERE](https://wikileaks.org/podesta-emails)**
Quit beating around the bush. This is a de facto soft coup attempt and we should treat it as such.
Imo some sort of largescale destabilization attack is occurring. We don't have time for this and one might suggest conflict could occur without actively calling for it, i.e. "I intend to defend myself and my country in the case of a civil war."
Fine, let me switch to my pc and I'll see if I can find it. There's definitely VERY questionable collusion between the clinton campaign and the dnc (I just flat out remember seeing it when it was new) but I admit that there's a question as to whether dws was actually on the forwarding list for those specifically. You should look too since it's super novel to see insider washington politics in action.
Google helped me cut to the chase: https://www.nytimes.com/2016/07/23/us/politics/dnc-emails-sanders-clinton.html
Gee I wonder what we should do about that.
Totally normal.
Hey yo leftist conspiracy theorist here. ama.
If I'm wrong I'm just wrong. If I'm right we're better prepared. Also, there's that whole thing that some types appear averse to where we might humor a notion without necessarily believing it.
So what happens if they actually try to establish a coup? Open War? International intervention?
/r/PostScarcityNow
Hey buddy whatcha doin' there??
I have the distinct impression you didn't like this premise to start with and that's the best thing you could find to complain about.
/r/PostScarcityNow
"They're trying to govern us with a puppet show and it's not even a good one." ~ Georg Carlinski
Ooh, looks like we actually got the jump on the neocons this time! We know because if we hadn't this narrative would have been ready two days ago.
fucking lol
Iunno shit like this is pretty much an excuse to act like a dick. Who are these dweebs who care so much about reposts?? O_o
A bit flamboyant but if they're actually doing boyscout shit I'm down.
fuck you too forever daddy we ain't doin' this neofascism rigamarole no more. ಠ_ಠ
Demoralization.txt
Not even gonna shit on biden here but our *actual* last best hope would be the resistance that crops up if there's a civil war.
A note for any Biden supporters who wish to gain traction: Try to make it look like Biden's actually doing shit (even just in policy) and be cheeky as hell with the memes. More nuanced. /r/DankLeft is the vibe you want.
"Post-scarcity": A state where material goods are plentiful and scarcity of resources is no longer an issue. The marriage between left-progressivism and technocracy and the obvious endgame, imo.
Ever notice how Daenerys talked a lot about conquering Westeros but not what she'd do with it?
I'm just trying to do shit that ain't retarded, man. Our shit is probably compatible so why you tryna make it weird??
beff bezos im bab mummy times :( surely this is the problem
I try to know what's happening and what I'm meant to know what's happening. What more do you want? :(
tell me more paywall daddy
Canceling mail-in voting during a pandemic would be a de facto soft coup. You don't want this, sweet little baby boy.
*proceeds to vote on a chinese made speak and spell*
and yet the comparatively insecure speak and spells you aren't concerned about are still there and even prevalent...
No mail = more dead. Sad. :( No mail = de facto soft coup. Very bad. 😠 Vote machine already worse security risk. Bad too.
You don't want this.
Oh go on grow a pair and defend your country.
Took about three days for talking points to be established if anyone else is keeping track.
Nah we on some overton window shit here -- mandatory voter registration, voting day is a holiday, and national vote by mail are all tenable and way the hell more important than... *checks notes* ...privatizing the post office (??).
Actually the premise itself isn't too bad as long as it isn't exploited to disenfranchise voters (hint: not really into neoliberalism). Also, &gt;racist bigot Are we even having the same conversation? Don't clown yourself my man you're better than that.
&gt;How do I subscribe to your newsletter? PhaseBook.lux &gt;arguing for the sake of arguing Maybe if you had something to say instead of having to say something.
Hey I like you too!
Dude don't clown yourself.
It's meant to resemble actual dialogue.
If it's a run on sentence it's because it's meant to sound like what would actually be said in that scenario.
Because people always speak in grammatically correct sentences?? Learn about narrative imperative. O_o
I'm just going to go ahead and double down on this due to sunk cost and because I honestly take the applied linguistics approach and flat out don't care about commas unless it's an oxford situation.
Maybe it's about time we defend it.
dracarys
Things that were not in this article and should have been: * Mentions of Assange and/or The Guardian (they only mentioned gucifer in passing and not by name). * Any discussion whatsoever regarding who *did* make the app and why it was done. Come on fellas get with it while you still can. Some of us are on that wannabe journalist shit and we're getting good at it.
"wikileaks-style website" huh?
https://www.theguardian.com/media/2011/jan/28/wikileaks-julian-assange-alan-rusbridger
This narrative is especially weird because it's almost entirely self-contained within the conservative information bubble. What, precisely, do they think it is that compels me as a liberal to be *that* into islam?? O_o
Any word on what app that is?
Thanks!
Uh...
https://imgur.com/gallery/YrHG3
Oh not much, just caught a big ol' whiff of m.o. somewhere over here. Any theories?
In this context, "The Storm" refers to a real life pro wrestler who was active from 1968 - 1997 in Japan and worldwide. Source: "How far can I throw my daddy? The Steve Austin story".
Shoutout to whoever reported my own post in my own sub which I'm the sole moderator of. O_o
That *was* a pretty crazy episode of Family Matters.
