That's as good as an own goal. It would've went out without interference yeah? Origi having it makes me a happy man too, that season he had before Fuenes Mori fucked him at the Derby years back was something fantastic. Revenge for that!
Actually uninspired play from Liverpool. But there were at least 3 good chances that went to waste. Everton put on legitimate pressure themselves too. A draw would've been fair.
A team of 11 Milners against a team of 11 VVDs.
Up there with Cissokho's goal for the "all the years Puskas" award.
Haha nice joke, next you'll tell me that they don't all have swords and a French accent!
Man I love overdramatic slow motion slaps followed by "MOM YOU NEVER SLAPPED ME SINCE I WAS LITTLE BWAAAAH". Don't forget literally having half the show spoiled bu the opening credits.
V O C A L M I N O R I T Y
Yeah it honestly does feel malicious to say a careful translation isn't needed, as it literally led to people thinking he's trying to beat Kuku up. Not on the original translator's part but OP's.
Could be referring to the Civil Rights movement of the 60s in America or just the Black Lives Matter movement. Quite a diabolical comparison if that's the case.
pitbull is mr worldwide malaysia is worldwide.
Oh shit is that air raid sirens I hear?
Anyone tried out Even Rogue? Had only a few games with it but with very positive results so far. ### VALEERA EVENS THE FIELD # Class: Rogue # Format: Standard # Year of the Raven # # 2x (0) Backstab # 1x (2) Bloodmage Thalnos # 2x (2) Bloodsail Raider # 2x (2) Eviscerate # 1x (2) Knife Juggler # 2x (2) Sap # 2x (2) Sharkfin Fan # 2x (2) Toxicologist # 2x (4) Defender of Argus # 2x (4) Dread Corsair # 2x (4) Elven Minstrel # 2x (4) Saronite Chain Gang # 2x (4) Ticket Scalper # 1x (6) Genn Greymane # 2x (8) Bonemare # 1x (8) Captain Hooktusk # 2x (10) Sea Giant # AAECAaIHBO0FsQjN9ALWjAMNtAHTAc0D+wXuBogH5webywKmzgLb4wKi9wKq/wLPiQMA # # To use this deck, copy it to your clipboard and create a new deck in Hearthstone I've since then tried out Howler (2 Mana 1/1 Rush Pirate) and Walk The Plank, the latter being very solid. Unsure about Howler so far.
Good pulls are obviously 2 Scalpers, but chances are you'd get just one. If we rate a 6/3 body as a 3.5 mana body (no one plays Worgen Greaser at 4), dealing 5 dmg to a miniom at 3.5 and a Nourish effect at 5, the card already wins hard by pulling Scalpers and triggering the effect. The 2 other pirates are usually Dread Corsairs and 2 attacks, which is neat but nothing special. Even if you don't pull a scalper it still usually pulls 6 mana worth of bodies to the board, thinning deck so you draw higher impact minions. The only reason I'd not run Hooktusk is because at 8 mana it might be too slow for Even Rogue.
tbf including the quest slows your gameplan down. Perhaps I'm just salty I don't have the quest but I'd prefer a no quest deck list for Discolock unless Discolock turns out to be a late-game deck.
must protecc
Choking is scoring an own goal at 120 mins and missing the first penalty in the shootout like that Terrenganu player in the cup final last month.
So do you have to wait till a driver dies from an impact that could be prevented by the Halo to call it functional?
Free kills for good players then?
How do you guys use Springpaw? For a T1 drop he seems really weak. Do you keep it in your mulligans and drop it T1? Otherwise do you use it to combo with Razormaw for Poisonous or just drop it later in the game?
Yeah I have a hard time believing a significant chunk of this subreddit aren't racists now. And spare me the "hurduuuurrrr but the Chinese are racists too!!!!", doesn't mean you should stoop down to their level.
Anyone watching an NBC stream should count how many times the commentator talked about Salah's bravery to stay up for the goal.
Theres a small portion of bellends that say that. It's nothing to moan over but they do exist.
Fucking Cook is in on the conspiracy too!
Fabinho must be missing the Brazilian Yellow kit for him to get so many yellows this season.
To be fair he is a rather prolific diver.
If Snow Messi could score 10 and lead the top scorer chart before snow actually comes I can't wait for the 20 goals he'll serve up over Winter.
Did Gridman change it's structure in episodes from Ep 5? I dropped it at that episode as to me it's the same thing for a few episodes in a row. Not the kind of person to get hyped when the OP starts playing in the background and the baddies get defeated after gaining the upper hand earlier on so....
DONE CLAIM
Down here in Malaysia we hold it above every other fruit and *enjoy* the smell of it. It's a national pride that gets shat on by Westerners. It's really weird.
Huh, confused it with WESG, woops.
*ORDER WOODEN TANK PARTS TO BUILD YOUR OWN TANK*
2copyright4blizzard more like
Hyouka's lesson is that any dude can be moved to do shit as long as you grab him by the balls, metaphorically and literally.
Cevert's car flipped and uprooted the armcos after wedging into it before it snapped him and the car in half (the latter is unclear). However, Helmuth Koinigg's case is much more comparable. Sliding under the bottom armco with the top armco at head height.
cant wait for the release of yandih
this does not apply to r/kanye, land of rehashed memes. oh shit i mean TELL THEM THEY CAN KISS MY ASS, EX N OW.
No one is disputing that. But Indonesia =/= India, South Asia =/= South East Asia.
[Iyappan](https://myanimelist.net/anime/37021/Iya_na_Kao_sare_nagara_Opantsu_Misete_Moraitai)
I just assumed everyone here was trolling with DUCKWRTH being Kendrick and doing the good ol' "damn this Kendrick guy gonna be big in the future!!" joke before realizing they're separate people. Guess it's someone new to check out.
what did the Germans ever do to you
I completely forgotten Reus was involved in this. I just assumed that he was injured for every international tournament.
Gotta throw a wrench in it to make it less obvious that he's a time traveller.
Eredivisie is F1 now?
Origi has opened the Pandora's Box, we can only score shithouse goals now.
devil club bad
Bit rich.
If a bunch of Lizardmen who just saw their leader get rekt by a goblin and still trust in him to beat 200k Orcs then I'd say Darwinism should've wiped the whole mentally deficient race from this globe.
wittisy yaaaay
THEY TARGETED MANAGERS. MANAGERS.
He fucked his positioning and he knew it, there's not much a goalie can do when the opposing player chips them knowing that they're way off the line. [You'd end up looking like this if you try reaching anyway.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0oq974EmpBo)
Story wise, it is the most predictable movie I've seen in ages. Literally didn't deviate from the course I've set in my mind from the first scene onwards. The one-liners are a pet peeve of mine so I automatically dislike them, but I did enjoy most of the other dialogue. Ridiculously strong on the visual front, so glad the standard theatre ran out of seats so me and a friend bought IMAX tickets instead. The visuals alone makes the movie worth a watch. I also liked how Aquaman [circled back to regretting not saving the dad pirate, that makes Black Mamba's motivation a lot more justified so it doesn't feel like he's "being a baddie cause the movie needs a baddie"](#spoiler)
CM Arcana makes her float cause she ascended to a Mystical Mage but lore wise Rubick is already THE Grand Magus, so by that line of thought Rubick floating makes sense
Thank fuck the "I'll try to spoil anything but the ending xxx" gang made me see Ash fucking dying 10 episodes away. I just find it funny that Ash survived almost anything including stabs are where he was already stabbed in his death but he dies there instead of everywhere else. I actually didn't think Ash would get stabbed to death but instead choose suicide after separation from Eiji. (But apparently the Manga implied that Ash allowed himself to die from the stabbing, which imo is MUUUUCCCCHHH better) And it's very fitting Golzine's VA gets a memorial at the start of this episode. IMO it's as good as a last performance could get, Golzine has been very well voiced, we truly lost a great VA in Unshou Ishizuka. This is probably a very solid 8/10 show for me, drawbacks being how my suspension of belief had to be raised by another magnitude each time Ash survives the unthinkable and the rather annoying "miscommunication leaves MC dead" trope. Also I feel like Yut-Lung was a wasted character. When he was on his rise I loved his manipulations and how he made the world his bitch but after he got to the top......he sorta became too much of a bitch himself. Other than that, MAPPA executed another great show with the most consistently great animation I've seen in a while and superb VA casting!
The Life W12 engine, what an engineering marvel in the sense where it's a marvel how it made it to the track.
I guess a sudden head movement is still uncomfortable.
De Bruyne scores a worldie even when he's not trying.
It's a rite of passage really.
ALL SINS REPENTED apart from calling winning at Goodison a fucking utopia.
Being a Liverpool fan at this time is like riding a free gold train.
How demanding is this game specs wise? I have a wheel for GT Sport but I'd love to drive AC too.
Quality over quantity
r/OldSchoolCool will be blanket banning all r/Formula1 users for justified reasons at this rate lmao
To me the fact that he dragged that dog of a Ferrari to fight against that Mercedes of Fangio in 1954 speaks more about his ability! Everyone that truly knows racing understand that Frederick was the true GOAT, Fangio only won because of Uhlenhaut!
wasnt he a pp mapper himself too lol
Don't get people downvoting you for not having a defeatist attitude. Do people just expect fans of the supposed underdogs to just roll over everytime they face a tough draw?
BR for Battle Royale or Brazil? Or both?
Measured by scales tho, should be accurate.
No title only leaves for a smoke whenever a little shit comes around and cries for a seat and kicks them out when they are content.
AFTER WATCHING F1 FOR 14 YEARS I'M DREADING THE FIRST ALONSO-LESS YEAR, SINCE I'LL HAVE NO CLEAR FAVOURITE FOR THE FIRST TIME. PLEASE DO TRASHTALK EVERY OTHER DRIVER TO HELP CONVINCE ME YOUR DRIVER IS WORTH SUPPORTING.
Nerfing everything but the Legendary of a strong deck has been Blizzard's MO for nerfs since forever. It's an obvious scum move and Blizz may and should lose players for it but I guess the ones who leave are too little. Without Kingsbane Rogue I'm just looking to play other Rogue decks like DR Rogue, Pogo Rogue and some Miracle while the meta is still being shaped.
I'm sure memeday would be much more welcome if we weren't just posting and upvoting regurgitated reddit circlejerk memes and low hanging fruits. [Also a thread on a similar day 3 years ago.](https://www.reddit.com/r/soccer/comments/3116fe/if_youre_over_the_age_of_8_and_bored_of_all_the/)
Mostly cause everyone knows that rankings don't mean shit apart fron seeding which they'll only care about once a year.
Klopp tactics sheet for game vs Bayern: "JUST SCORE MORE THAN THEM LOOOOOL." that's it
Let's spare some oofs for our captain there.
I run down the stairs using the racing line.
Has to be. Open wheels generate ridiculous amount of turbulent air and part of the reason why front wing development is so vital to divert air away from the wheels.
SHUT
On the topic of Rubick Arcana what heads do you guys use to go with it?
Rimuru Tempest but he eats up Razor and takes his mask arc when?
I use the one from Trove Carafe this year. Think it's Crux of Perplex.
wat
In every game where loss streaks could happen, in other words any fucking game that has a win/loss system has people complaining about forced 50% WR.
Depth wise definitely one of if not the strongest World Cup team ever.
Not really since it gave me teary eyes. (See flair) But it did inspire me to take up aerodynamics for uni since I wanted to be Newey.
Did some digging and this is really some obscure shit. It's a leaked track from a Russian indie punk rock group.
10/10s for me: Madoka Magica, Shouwa Genroku Rakugo Shinjuu, Iyappan. Good to see the trend of sequels for my favorites continuing.
o fuk at first the spoiler tag looked weird so I checked the source but it turned out to be the ultimate spoiler. at least i didn't plan to continue the show, but now I'll definitely read into the plot now lol.
That's not what forced means. It's natural for a player to hover around 50% if they are actually at their level. Forced implies Valve has some secret agenda to accomplish the number 50 like how they avoid the number 3.
Appalling finishing lately but he did come in clutch when we needed a goal at the CL final last season.
He's injured no?
For all my life I've seen you lot multiplying. I think its fine for us to have our turn.
I'm just surprised there are actually fans that say that after having that line being used as a tool for ridcule for years.
It's not completely done and dusted yet. TAA and Robertson has been skinned quite a fair bit today by the Arsenal wingers. Could take only 3 more o those to level it. All I'm saying is......don't unclench.
Oof. Not sure if Shaq would've touched the ball if Kolasinac just left his foot there. Could've been bad.
Agreed really. Quite like the Pogba dive situation where the attempt was a clear foul but Pogba just dodged the contact and got a card for it instead. A different referee could've given the pen even if he knew there wasn't contact.
Yikes that could've been really fucking ugly Lovren. Thta has to be a card?
Porto flashbacks.
So if Liverpool beat Liverpool do Liverpool win in the end?
Most of the characters having no character helps a lot with that too.
thanks for being a weeb mahatir-chan.
And the questioning stopped on Bahrain.....then the questioning intensified after China.
It's not worth talking to him about Vettel.
Alonso may be 37 but between his dramas, social media and Kimoa's website design even (at least back in 2017), he's a teenage girl at heart.
dont forget about the supports who needs to die, sacrifice all their gold and survive with only brown boots so their position 1% can flourish. dota accurately reflects capitalism smh.
https://www.reddit.com/r/formula1/comments/bvaouw/canada_2014_daniel_ricciardos_first_f1_win/epnxy2g/
Give it enough time and the CL will become the new "Mickey Mouse Cup".
I edited my comment moments ago to explain why they might be doing it, but in fewer words, I think they just want to bridge two communities together, and for some easy clicks of course.
Let's get these out of the way first..... Liverpool vs Dortmund, Liverpool vs Barcelona and Liverpool 4-3 City. And of course the match tonight if Liverpool wins. City 3-2 QPR France 4-3 Argentina Brazil 1-7(seven) Germany City 4-3 Tottenham Germany 1-3 South Korea Barcelona 2-2 Chelsea. Southampton 3-2 Liverpool for embarassing reasons.
Wait till you watch the video of the Mississippi Asians. 80 year old Chinese lady with the thickest country accent.
He's a decent pundit with some heavily tinted glasses when it comes to Liverpool.
For all the shit Henderson got from rivals, his own countrymen and even his own fans of the club he captains, he is now a Champions League winning captain while being instrumental in getting his team there. He's more than just a "sideways pass merchant" now eh?
I'm sure Leicester winning the league has been a source of inspiration for many people around the world.
Nah Klopp has come out and said that Alisson was always happening, Karius cocking up or not. The Alisson rumours started way before the finals.
Must be nice spending the last 24 hours trying your absolute hardest to put down Liverpool's achievement.
What's the need to make it "fair" for the defense? I think the idea is unnecessary, and to use Golden Boot stat padders as a reason to introduce something like this isn't very convincing.
Hopefully your fanbase's meltdown didn't result in Poch's head getting called, like Klopp's after 15/16 for losing 2 cup finals. I have a feeling a lot of them will be desperately digging up their old Tweets to delete them in a few years, just like the ones that went braindead in ours a few years ago.
Currently at Japan and the first thing I noticed was this old cleaner lady that makes the effort to wipe off stains *on the walkway* of a shop constantly.
I just think that the handball rule is too subjective that it should be dealt in an absolute fashion. After watching Perisic's handball in the final I was thinking that even if the handball was completely unintentional, how far can a player take it to? Can defenders start flailing their arms around running while jockeying an attacker and claim that it is just how they run? Similarly to the Kimpembe incident vs United, if that wasn't a pen, then why shouldn't every defender make use of their arm by stretching them out wide blocking the shot and claim that it's a natural jumping movement? What I think is that it should be, if not already taught, an absolute rule in U-8 classes that there should be in no situation where you put your arm outwide in the penalty box. That is why you see defenders clench their hands behind their back while jumping and blocking a shot.
Carragher almost curling one in from distance in his last game, but of course that isn't an actual goal soooo I would pick Cisse's curler to seal the win against Chelsea.
No rivals in the big 6 to have an international fanbase making a fuss about it. I'm sure whoever they played in the lower leagues would call them a "threat to football". Also if my memory serves me right City's first signing was Robinho on a near record breaking fee, Wolves made high quality signings of course but not on the magnitude, at least in terms of starpower of Robinho from the get go.
Ah yes of course, forgotten Atletico got shafted twice.
Really didn't think he was top 10 this year. Had minor dry spells and went far too selfish in front of goal this season. Of course, he's still an immense player, but not top 10 this time. I'd put VVD, Mane and Alisson ahead of him in Liverpool alone.
Nah they just value the domestic treble over the CL, which I can sort of understand I guess.
Each time you glance over at the backpage of a paper on a newsstand you almost expect to see Bale celebrating another free kick winner in that season. It was mad.
I like LGD for that. They will never actually be out of a game and they always have the draft for it. There were at least 2 occassions where they were getting rolled by VP but it took them 1 fight to win the game in 5 minutes.
Liverpool were 3-0 down from the 1st leg before winning the tie 4-3 on aggregate. Enough said. Tottenham were 3-0 down from the first half of the second leg and ended up winning 3-3 on away goals courtesy of a hat-trick from their bench player who scored the 3rd with what should be the last kick of the game. I would say they were both better. You should also check out the Quarter-Final Man City 4-3 Tottenham game. Arguably as dramatic as the semi-finals.
I couldn't. He had quite a few interviews where he publically laughed at Bayern losing.
Yeah this is how more and more ads disguised as a fun one-off thing starts creeping into the game. Soon enough we'll see Minions Yellow Cards and Spiderman Red Cards.
Parents were time travellers and were also Kendrick Lamar fans.
Toi best boi, ultimate tsundere cutie. Also shares Kanie Seiya's VA, double points.
800 is fucking massive.
~~With all the repeats in the comments section of every post that references Tiananmen I think I could code a karma farming bot and sell it off to some weirdo every few days.~~ i cant see anything stop posting blank images op
For what it's worth the biggest fan channel on YouTube for Liverpool are called "The Redmen TV".
City have a very loyal following before the takeover too.
being able to afford another set of tangoes/salve off the gate are great but i can't spam sentries to make the enemy riki rage quit anymore grrrr.
Unless Leclerc massively fucks up this season, I don't think they'll hire Alonso even if Vettel retires. It's a statement towards Leclerc, Massa style if Ferrari hires another No. 1 driver and would be very damaging to Leclerc, especially since Alonso is much more demanding of a No.1 compared to Vettel.
The best thing about the show is that you would definitely know if you're into the form of art if you just watched the show. I would've never thought I'd make it through a 20 minute glorified storytelling in real life, let alone in an anime. One of my all time favourites.
Resting ahegao face is the doujin equivalent of infinite energy. Tejina-Senpai next season for the next attempt!
I like your last sentence, gotta watch the trash shows to appreciate the good ones. ImoImo did that for me. Idk if they fixed the issues in any BD releases, but if they did nake sure you try to find the broadcast versions.
Plus Danshi isn't exactly from an anime but it's popular in the weeb community. Why am I suggesting this? It has a portion near the beginning where Reol (the singer) role plays as the senior female students making loud orgasm noises in the MCs mind that will weird out any non-weeb/sane minded people.
Didn't expect this to be hard. It rarely dawns upon me that I only really supported Alonso instead of a team for the past ~15 years. For Mercedes, by every metric, it's the team that should be admired. However I can't root for them for very obvious reasons. Ferrari and RB are the teams I want to win, but only because they are the only ones that stand a chance. McLaren and Renault are bumbling jokes of a team more often than not, and the rest simply did not exist long enough for me to have any sort of feels towards them.
Yeah I should've word it a lot better, but most of the time when a fangroup are being criticized it's often aimed at the idiots of said groups instead of it's entirety. But you basically stated why I feel this way. I got accused of wanting his career to crash and burn, with a very significant amount of agreement just because I thought that he always overdrives to his detriment when on the backfoot. Likewise, Webber is barely criticizing Vettel here but of course, Webber is still just a bitter loser.
how am i suppose to put my banana on a 2400 lvl battlepass. ez money.
Squaring it to my sister while playing backyard football Also thinking Peter Crouch is a star striker for Liverpool back then.
white people trying destroy culture once again smh
all the mahatir partnership has finally paid off in the form of trumping singaporeans in bishounen designs
For me I remember saying that Henderson's slight hop everytime the team scores highlights why he is the right man to inherit the armband from Gerrard. There were definitely better reasons than that!
my history teacher spoiled the ending to inglorious basterds smh
Steal Egg after enemy Phoenix pops, go into egg, steal fire spirits, dump fire spirits.
Always going for the lowest hanging fruit.
Explains why STR are the only team advertising job opportunities to me lol.
I'm sure Tifosis won't mind 6 cars if it meant a Ferrari 1-2 at this current stage.
AMUS reports that Merc race pace will be unbeatable anyway soooooo Hope to get surprised of course.
Underperforming or not, I just find it unbelievable he brought his Renault 0.5 tiers up to beat a FUCKING *MERC*. That itself is a massive achievement. He had lots to prove this season and over the past 2 qualis, he's been doing it very convincingly.
I'm never been this torn between determining whether something is high or low quality.
I'm saying Ricc is below Max but far above every remaining driver not considered at Ric's level. Guess I didn't make it clear that I think Lewis, Max and Vettel are not below Ricc's level.
There's reports (and pictures) of Ferrari's tyres being shredded in the test session afterwards using the old tyres. IIRC Ferrari themselves have no complaints, just the fans.
Stop pretending this is about politics and tell us how youp really feel about gay people.
[If you won't be honest I'll do it for you.](https://snew.notabug.io/r/antifastonetoss/comments/bvxmh8/happy_pride_month/epu4di4/)
Steiner never afraid to slam the door on his drivers, first on Grosjean now on KMag.
Intent doesn't matter. This is for unsafe re-entry. Much like how no team actually intends to do unsafe releases in the pit lane the penalty is dished out regardless of intent.
They're never going to do it, being racers and all. But yes, the safe option would've been to lay in the bed that you made and let Hamilton through. But since Vettel isn't under threat from 3rd anyway it didn't matter here.
As we speak Seb is switching the German anthem with the Italian anthem, British with German.
I wanted Seb to win this but I agree. Intent never mattered. It's the same thing as unsafe release, no one intends to do it but the mistakes leading up to it is what is penalized. Unless Seb isn't penalized for "unsafe re-entry", I can't argue with it if it is what it is in the rulebook. I'd argue that it's a flawed rule but that's a whole other story.
Well in that case, the penalty is already inflicted.
It's basically protocol. You see drivers trying their luck by asking their engineers whether the car ahead could be penalized for the smallest things all the time. Every racer does this, any advantage they could possibly get, you bet your ass that they will do it.
Baku 2017 was similar, but this one had by far the best post race drama. Shout outs to Renault for a 6-7 finish after being down in the dumps for so long.
I'd argue that the ability to impede the car behind you, intentional or not is an advantage gained. Sure, Vettel lost time by sliding and so did Lewis by needing to slam the brakes and concede the straight.
Gaining an advantage under unsafe re-entry is covered in the exact paragraph linked.
Giving up a position is hard to enforce while teams will find ways to exploit it like Red Bull back in Mexico 2016. Think stewards just dish out time penalties nowadays to not deal with any shenanigans.
Ah, good shout. The way I interpreted it was that since gaining an advantage was under the "unsafe re-entry" umbrella, there wasn't a need to state it again. But if that's not the case, then yeah I'm wrong.
How long till we get tactical visors that aim straight for another driver's brakes?
My biggest takeaway from this clip, apart from the racing was how agile those cars were. I almost forgot that F1 cars back then could pull off something as pleasing as Hamilton's move on Raikkonen.
I'm saying that mistakes leading up to a potential incident would be punished regardless. I do not agree with that, and I think that Seb couldn't have done much either. But the fact is that his mistake led to this, and the stewards intepreted the law word-by-word. It's more of a statement against how the rulebook was written.
Just waiting for the odd idiot to make the game all about the Balon d'Or race again.
I don't see this as them trying to make a point. More of this being the juiciest piece of drama they can market on. Remember, FOM =/= FIA.
I was waiting for you to tell him to stop using PES ratings next but you let me down.
He assumed Vettel would re-enter by the grass instead of across the road. If he took the inside he's risking a crash, and by the time it was apparent that Vettel is sliding out he could not have switched to the inside without braking heavily and basically conceding the move anyway, it's always safer taking the outside. As I said, I think that this was strictly a racing incident as a result of hard racing, which should not be discouraged. You can consider Vettel "lucky" to slide into the racing line while out of control (if he is). I feel that they both took the best possible action at the heat of the moment.
The argument was that Vettel had no control and therefore he didn't intentionally do unsafe re-entry. Personally feel that according to the rulebook, yes this is a penalty, since intent doesn't matter. But I feel that the rule was quite poorly written, it discourages hard racing and leaves no gray area for this situation which I would call a racing incident. That however doesn't discount the fact that it is still a penalty according to the rulebook. Combine that with the general fanbase wanting Ferrari to win and believing there's an FIA-Mercedes conspiracy, and it makes for a major controversy. If the roles were reversed I am sure that this would be a much smaller issue.
I just want to wait for r/formula1 to calm down and put down their tinfoil hats before the next race.
Yeah as I said, drivers and teams could always play dumb and not obey the "give up your position" order for a lap or 2 like what Red Bull did with Max and Ricciardo on Vettel by holding him up. In this case Vettel could hold Lewis up for Leclerc to close in. I think stewards just didn't want to deal with that by taking it to their own hands immediately.
Yeah, I'm absolutely with you on why this was way more controversial than it should've been.
See I agree that the penalty was bull, but those 2 reasonings are ones that I can't agree with. The rules do expect Vettel to park the car on the grass if it was possible and if that's the only way to prevent "dangerous re-entry". The only question was whether Vettel could've avoided the racing line, if he couldn't, then it's a bullshit penalty. And Hamilton v Ricciardo on Monte Carlo was different since Lewis actually left a car width worth of space to Ricciardo but the room was slippery so Ricciardo could not take it, but within technical grounds it's legal since it was well within track limits. Hamilton had to leave track limits to avoid collision, and by definition that was "forcing a car off the track".
The only question that should be asked regarding this accident is whether Vettel had enough control to avoid the racing line. The answer I'm leaning towards now is no, Vettel didn't and therefore this is a racing incident. But if the FIA had valid reasons to believe otherwise, it'll be interesting and sure to sway my opinion.
"I didn't mean it" is basically what "racing accident" covers. Vettel was penalized for "unsafe re-entry" since the stewards believed that he had control of the car and steered into the racing line to block Lewis. If the stewards do indeed believe that he didn't do so intentionally he wouldn't be awarded the penalty.
This whole incident should've only hinged on one question: whether Vettel could've kept off the racing line. There's no need to bring up different circumstances in the past or consistency or whatever. So far from the on-boards most people agreed that no, Vettel could've not kept out of the line. But it seems like it was only tbe FIA that thought otherwise, and that leads to me thinking that they have seen something that we didn't. But until then, I'm firmly on the "penalty was bs" train.
At the moment, could Hamilton have known that Vettel definitely did not have control of the car? Cause I think he could not have and should assume that Vettel will rejoin away from the racing line as drivers usually do, and if he dived inside he would've collided with Vettel.
In my view racing accident is the natural consequence of racing at very high speeds, not 50:50. I believe that racing accidents are cases where no driver in the case could react appropriately in the short time frame given to properly access the situation. Much like how you could argue Vettel caused Singapore 2017 by squeezing Max into Kimi, but it's a racing accident.
&gt; The reaction by the fanbase tho, to then try and write over what happened in the race and paint this narrative where Seb did absutely nothing wrong even when the whole situation started from his mistake, and try to create false equivalences to incedents from years ago, is pathetic. It really is my biggest peeve with the fanbase right now. For each time someone brings up his crucial errors in 2018 in a debate it will just be brushed off, while whoever that brought it up will be downvoted to oblivion and labelled a "hater". This incident would be much less of a controversy if it wasn't involving two extreme ends of the general fanbase right now: Vettel who is the only one really capable of challenging Mercedes and Hamilton himself.
I 100% agree with you apart from this not being a racing accident. This would be a much smaller controversy if the roles were switched.
This is why I preferred the older regs. Not the engines, just more agile cars with much less stewards intervention and safety cars during the rain. I'm fine with the sport as it is now but these old clips do make me miss the 2007-2013 era.
Always easy to lockup on the hairpin, you need to slow to almost a standstill after going full beans for seconds. Lewis knew he needed to push harder to get Seb, and chose to push at a corner where he wouldn't get punished as hard for locking up.
By impeding Hamilton, intentional or not, he basically forced Lewis to slam the brakes and concede the straight. Vettel had better acceleration off the corner.
If he had Twitter he'd be confused at all the sudden abuse he's getting over the past 48 hours. In all seriousness though, Jackie Stewart was more than just a three-time World Champion. He led the charge for a much safer F1 today, leading boycotts and actually forcing track owners to take action, all while taking abuse from the media in the same time for being "a coward". I hope newbies to the sport know Jackie Stewart for more than just being fast!
Gotta give it to Vettel. Once again, making a crucial mistake while at the lead but somehow he gamed the public so well people seemed to have forgot that he did it in the first place, as he is seemingly the best driver on Sunday.
&gt; lollypool that's new
And as always......sort by controversial for threads like these. If a hot take is massively upvoted, It's not all that hot
In the same vein, the Twitter armchairs probably never driven a car beyond traffic speed limit to go with their argument for Vettel if that's the logic they want to go by.
Already seeing a shift, now that some people start seeing that it's a penalty according to the book, the goalposts are being moved to "Hamilton locked up 5 times before Vettel oversteered!" I want this talk to die off before more of these takes kills my desire to discuss the sport here.
Hazard will no longer terrorize us, and I'm ecstatic. Manager wise, Pep.
This graphic was so low quality it almost looped over and became good.
Matumbaman is called a toilet because "Matum" sounds like "马桶", which means toilet bowl.
ples 🙏🙏🙏 type the numeros 🔢 in 🇨🇳 lingo cause 我不会 untersteht das arabica numerals.
haHAA woopsie doo whats that woah theres nothing woAHHH oh shit why is it on june 5th i can hardly 看 anything on 红dit? 是不是因为 me chinese?
From Dota Underlord's beta.
Honestly just went aneurysm mode because I'm way too tired to deal with casual racism. Might as well stoop down to their level of humour.
I read that ancient Chinese kings make their servant bring a bucket that they could shit in wherever they go, at the time it was called "虎子", some informal way of saying Tiger. Don't ask me why they chose the tiger Eventually the royal family had a prince called "李虎", note the use of the "Tiger" letter in his name. Since the shit bucket now shares half it's name with a prince, the shit bucket has to choose another animal to take it's name instead. Guess horses are popular then so it's called "马子" now. Eventually it became "horse bucket". Yeh pretty non-sensical but that's what you get with a multi-millenium language.
Best hope the batteries are worth less than the return and recharge fee then.
His worst hits aside, he has a pretty good track record. His RoS predictions were the best among every streamer iirc.
There's a big difference between the predicted consequences of WW1 and the hypothetical WW3. For starters, in an event of WW3, there will almost defnitely be no actual winners of war as both sides of the globe will be rendered inhabitable. 10 million casualties was an unexpected death figure, the leaders then didn't plan for a dragged out trench warfare lasting 5 years and Germany themselves planned for a quick sweep of France before looking towards (then) the Russian Empire. Each empire had something to fight for instead of just ending up destroyed with 0 gains. The sheer length and death count itself was why people thought "it was the war to end all wars", since it couldn't get any worse than that, right?
He's one of the most well known figures in the community so everyone knows his worst hits, when plenty other personalities made similar bad takes and went unnoticed, or took the LifeCoach route (gonna be really good or really bad). Anyway to back up the RoS claim: https://www.reddit.com/r/hearthstone/comments/bjjcnt/ros_legendary_prediction_score_by_hm/
Yikes. Knowing administration they'll actually penalize the student for recording the convo in secret. Rough world.
Valve will totes make "evolution trees" happen. The microtransactions potential of this genre is endless.
Considering that being around ~0.4 seconds off the pace makes a car go into F1.25 territory, that is unsurprising.
I guess you could pick this when you are going all in on early game druids+mechs and look to end ASAP.
Yeah but Khadgar casts the spell after you cast it. So if Khadgar was onboard for Hiroshima, the random target would be Nagasaki.
You said it, Leclerc is a future number 1. But that means there will always be a chance he doesn't live up to his potential and Ferrari loses patience.
Fan favourite tracks are not necessarily due to the complexity, but rather due to the racing it produces. That correlates since if a track was easy to drive at, then there will be less time lost and drivers could match each other's lap time rather easily and stay close together.
Yeah they kinda did. Perhaps Spa suited Ferrari better so that's why it wasn't apparent, but before USA Ferrari removed 4 months worth of upgrades, and they won right after that. Probably not a coincidence.
Ferrari was faster than just those 13 races though. You could also ask your GOAT of choice to not spin that often too!
Yeah you could argue all about Canada and the times Ferrari messed up the strategy but this is the truth. A 4-time world champion that clearly threw away chances to win by his own mistakes on more than 1 occassion is objectively underperforming.
I treat staircases like a hairpin and hit the apex when I could lol.
Funny how at the time, Alonso's 2012 drive was regarded as one of the best ever and nowadays I'm starting to hear about 2012 being a chokejob instead.
The original "Ferrari Champion" meme. Schumacher was the first Champion in a Ferrari car in 2000 since Scheckter did it in 1979.
I adore the look of the Oval Indy cars back then. The car was so low that the wheels were almost as high as the driver's head! The car just looked like it's there to kill whoever that dares to drive it.
And freakishly expensive holy hell.
I prefer "Oil Clasico".
We have lots of new fans around, a good thing, but their history don't stretch too far back I guess.
Starting small always rubs me the right way. Seeing games that are barely a month old getting multi million prize pools irks me.
Umaru was my first and I wanted to spit on everything animated. Monogatari was my next and I never stopped since.
Monogatari. Start high so you can never get weirded out by anything anymore.
&gt; No lvl 1 crook why even live
My mother likes to tell me that my first was Hakkinen v Schumacher in the 1999 season when I was still a fetus. I followed the sport all my life, even as an infant I suppose. But the earliest one I can recall was probably Malaysia 2004? And I liked the blue-yellow car a lot.
When the Weeb-Tec music kicks in.
20 years down the road the FIA will have banned complicated front and rear wings, simplified the bargeboards, restricted the floor and standardised the aero of the engine cover. But then the engineers would still design downforce mirrors generating 50% of the total downforce.
There was a story going around that Lewis' pole lap for Singapore 2018 exceeded Mercedes' predicted perfect lap. So I guess teams do have some calculations going on.
For appealing such an obvious case of "unsafe driving", they deserved the triple penalty.
How can the FIA even target Mercedes like they did towards Ferrari in 2005? Delete Hamilton? Ban the colour silver? Blue shells? They're just infuriatingly good at every field.
This almost sounds like they are building a theme park on the bargeboards.
Is the wedding ring worth 2 tenths? I see Paul Ricard to be a circuit quite like Shanghai, lots of straights but in the same time contains a complex of corners that Ferrari struggles in. I can't see Ferrari taking it unless the upgrades fixed the issues they had from China.
Yeah I'm not sure if you think the sub would intepret this as "Alonso was right", but if that's what you thought would happen, nah.
First they did Durian flavour Ice Cream, then Durian flavoured Boba. Now they're coming for our chickens as well? Goncang kepalaku.
Pfft, all these testing tracks look the same to me.
SuMaelStorm?
Losing in a 1v1 hard, rolls 3* Terrorblade in a full demon comp, destroys enemy in the next round. Proceeds to melt in the round after.
Can see McLaren and Renault making the leap to F1.25 with the current trend. Exciting times.
If the garage is happy with Norris and Sainz, I don't see it happening.
Yeah if they breach into F1.25, perhaps? Norris and Sainz has both been mighty impressive though, would be cruel to ask any of them to make space, even if it's Alonso.
Yeah, absolutely still an underperformance.
Yikes, I'm just gonna remove the entire comment at this point. My bad.
Not known for his quali pace, but almost certainly better than Norris?
For me this idea may just straight up kill off the main mode or kill itself since it's too similar to the actual game itself once the first round is over. I was thinking that a genuine turbo mode would just have increased gold and xp gain, increased damage etc.
Merc's winning streak has broken the fanbase. Post race in Montreal was the worst state I've seen the sub in.
The Sun is obsessed with painting the English youth as money hungry.
Perhaps? I've never seen an upvoted comment suggesting Hamilton was favoured and only winning because he's black back then though.
Oh this guy. A quick look at his profile should tell everyone here whether we should take him seriously or not. No points for getting it right.
The RB pit crew gained 1.4 seconds over Renault with the pit stop. And that wasn't enough apparently.
If you can't read that's what you comprehend. I'm just saying, it's not like Vettel has nothing to compete against this season, he still has Leclerc to beat. Christ.
I guess Horner now understands why they paid so much for the drivers now.
You were a waste of time.
Marko's the type of guy who watches the intro scene of Up with a laugh track.
"Bottas Leclerc is closing in, you are allowed to step on the throttle now."
Yeah I think he pulled a second or two with the VSC restart on Bottas. Think Bottas just got caught napping.
1994 Jos Verstappen. His rage of being in F1.25 made him create the current F1.25 situation so he won't be alone! Patrese 1983? Even though he won the last race of the season. He still ended up 9th compared to Piquet, champion of that year though. How about Patrese 1983, but worse? Hector Rebaque finished the 1981 season without a podium despite driving the same Championship winning Brabham of Piquet. Dumfries 1986, Senna finished 4th while Dumfries' best finish was 5th. Ended up 13th. ~~Senna 1994, 3 DNFs, 0 points while Damon Hill nearly won the title!~~
Yeah if this is actually the case, all dragons will have dual race. Which is quite interesting I guess, have that be what is unique about dragons.
I didn't even realize that 'swag' was used unironically nowadays.
I started watching some rally POVs recently and gained a massive newfound respect for a lot of the drivers. I also found out that Loeb won all 9 of his titles consecutively! From 2005-2012. Current Mercedes is only at 6 (assuming they win this year). Wonder if the WRC fanbase complained about the series being "boring" like current F1?
Just so happen to have 5 shows I would give 10/10 to. Personal taste ofc. Shouwa Genroku Rakugo Shinjuu, Saiki, Madoka Magica, End of Evangelion and Tatami Galaxy. ^^shoutouts ^^to ^^iyappan
Yeah what many shows are lacking, a justified villain. A villain where you can see their point of view, and you may not agree with it but you can definitely understand it.
There has been about.....a lot of major events in China since Shanghai with little to no issues.
Nah it reminds me of my 13 year old days where we pass off calling classmates shitty names as "owning dem hard lul". That renaming sequence was something straight out of a secondary schooler's fanfiction.net novel.
Hire a local Kante for your backyard football team.
I heard Urusei Yatsura gets the credits for starting the trend of pop songs for OPs and EDs.
Train ride let me finish Erased from 7-12 in one go! Find it really enjoyable, only reason it's not a 10/10 for me is because some plots were a bit *too* convienient. Watching the finale I was fully expected to be smacked with a bad ending that was always talked about but......I find it quite alright? Haven't thought too much or read much about it yet, so might've missed something. What was the issue with it?
Yeah and I think a Chelsea fan went full meltdown and posted about 5 different parent comments within an hour about Gerrard and Lampard for that.
And I thought 240p football videos with awful EDM were atrocious. How about low res black and white footage with awful EDM?
LGD the biggest winners of buybacks this time. Perfect HG baiting.
If Merc wins during the Darth Brawn era, he has Merc bias. If Ferrari wins during the Supreme Leader Brawn era, he has Ferrari bias.
Chalice absolutely merciless on Topson's flex picks. SD is a walking +dmg for LC now.
That Nyx carapace on SD's poison on HG, so telegraphed.
Nice lah. So when I make my boba Nasi Lemak less people will be weirded out because they are already used to it.
The longest Rosh fight ever.
Shoutouts to Tobi for not dying during the hour long rosh pit dance.
I am no thief, I merely borrow.
Chinese dotes has been more entertaining than many of the Western teams but they still struggle to shake off the "boring dota" tag due to memes. A shame really.
*laughs away lawsuit as I aghs stolen finger the court*
Ehh feels like Leclerc has been faster so far this weekend anyway. He's probably Ferrari's best bet to win before Vettel's issues. That does mean that Ferrari can't use a second car to play with the Merc though.
GET THE FUCK IN CHARLES!!!!!!
Gotta reserve the first Ferrari 1-2 this year for Monza I guess.
Also could've been knocked out of Q2 if the Renaults weren't impeded.
Yeah, it's the polo shirt. Not up to FIA safety standards for sure.
Two teams at opposite trends, VP on a slight down gradient as of late while TNC improving by leaps recently. Where they meet on the form chart will tell in this set, hyped. Prefer VP to win so I can hear the crowd remain alive.
VP, absolutely no chill.
Lol yeah, I remember Lauda himself explicitly calling them out on this. No doubt Lauda would've found this all bullshit.
educate me im 0k scrub
thank gaben i remain 0k then
Done alright in Montreal though.
If Hamilton truly wants to "rise", now is the moment. Has a few laps worth of fresher hards, could see him nursing the tyres a bit till the end.
A silver car leading the race on equal stops. BUT WHAT IF IT WAS ~~PURPLE~~ RED!!! OOOOOOHHH! Not that I mind this change of course.
The last time Hamilton has been this far off the pace was probably at Mexico last year.
Gotta love these high power circuits with sweeping corners.
Max "imma fuck up Ferrari" Verstappen having a bit of a sleeper, under the radar drive since the start.
Verstappen forcing Vettel to get closer to Bottas. Once again, Max forces Ferrari to switch plans.
Team: Fantastic job, we'll need you to hold off Ricciardo fot as long as you can Lando: You mean like..... *squeaky voice* Forever?
While Vettel v Verstappen drags on, Bottas solidifies his 2nd spot. Their tyres would be absolutely shot after this.
If not for the botched start, Max would've been DotD. Shame, Verstappen v Vettel could've been Verstappen v Leclerc for the lead.
It's as good as a done move.
Come think of it, I never thought of Austria as a Red Bull track (no one say it) with it being power focused track. And yet, they always performed well here now and last year.
Ferrari fans, you better be cheering for the Merc now......I know I am.
Stage 1: Max starts to hear whispers of Alonso in the cockpit.
Max has 9 laps up of tyre life on Leclerc. But Leclerc didn't have to burn his tyres to battle for positions of course.
Could've sworn Magnussen was going to torpedo Leclerc there.
Yeah I take back what I said. I know Vettel didn't really make mistakes this race and put on a great recovery drive, but even with the mistake, Max is definitely DotD.
Law of energy conservation. France was just potential energy conserved for this fucking insane finish.
You're looking for a spec series then.
&gt;pyrotechnics gets pointed towards the screen instead
I remember calling this poster optimistic.
1.5 is team based. 1.25 means that the driver is underperforming so much compared to his teammate in F1 that he's pretty much in a limbo between F1 and F1.5 If Gasly goes to F1.5, it'll be unfair to the ones there since he has a superior car. (Not that the drivers really care.)
That was because Vettel's position plate switch hit r/all. Speaking of which, I want to see a parallel universe where Charles did just that after the race.
It'll become a literal army if the stewards decides to penalize Max.
I wanna hear Fogged cast MMA now.
Then it's on him for trying to do more when he knows it's not and that is what the Williams has to offer. Not like sliding changes the race anyway since the Williams is in a league of its own.
Gas- what?
You'll find lots of examples of these when pay drivers, or sponsored drivers were more common back in the day. Off the top off my head: Hector Rebaque and Ricardo Patrese on 1981 and 1983 against Nelson Piquet in the Brabham. Satoru Nakajima against Senna and Piquet in 1987 and 1988. Alonso against Massa and Kimi. Vettel against Webber in 2013. Hamilton on Kovolainen in 2008, on Bottas last year. Schumacher against almost all his teammates.
Been a while since I saw fy's Rubick. Fade absolutely threatening the title of No.1 Chinese Rubick.
Lmao if this was a Chinese team playing the way Liquid are now they'll get soooooooooo much shit. The thing is, it's perfectly fine.
I love this. VG taking no bullshit and taking the fight to them even with a full rosh down. Fade turning that around.
Jesus christ what a final fight. Waited 40 fucking minutes for that.
Forever just like the stewards taking their fucking time.
Yeah, I thought it was an alright move but there were too many precedents in the past where the FIA awarded a penalty for this to not be a penalty. Like even as someone who spent his entire life watching the sport. I'm not even sure what is "fair" and what's not nowadays. One week, you always have to leave da space. The other, nah. And I'm not just talking about Rosberg v Hamilton, but sooo many other elbows out incidents.
[Rosberg v Verstappen Germany 2016. Elbows out defensive move.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wb2TjLxz5hU) [Rosberg v Hamilton. Same.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ixmGVL4dedI) [Sirotkin v Hartley Singapore 2018. No space left.](https://streamable.com/9jtj5) And to further show that the stewards do not know when they want to let pushing off the track be legal or not: [Alonso v Massa USA 2016. No penalty.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BJc79qNf8RE)
Double Major champions, Vici Gaming. After disappearing for a year, they're back baby.
woops.
Haha, I like how you Spaniards have a way with words. And thanks!
Woah look at that Nature's Grasp dude.
Well there's rumours of his breakup/divorce with Piquet's daughter sooooooooo.
Funny lah, Syed Saddiq encourage picking up trash but gets accused of trying too hard to be orang Jepun. But picking up trash should be basic human behaviour, not only orang Jepun. It's as if Msians are proud of not picking up trash as their own culture.
Sunderland Till I Die serves as a constant reminder to appreciate the good times for they could all evaporate in an instant. Also one of the first documentaries I've seen about a football club that did not stink of a PR piece.
Honestly, if time being eaten away is a concern you might as well go all in and delete reddit as well.
If it's absurd then it must mean that it has little justification, and therefore couldn't be a serious prediction. With that being said I predict Alonso to win 8 WDCs within the next year.
Good lord, where did you find such a specimen?
Without going too far back, I'll nominate the Zipper BARs as a challenger to that claim.
By the looks of it, the Malay language textbook.
I see this being said every time a big name driver signs unexpectedly, including Alonso for McLaren, Ric for Renault, Vettel for Ferrari (worked out for him at least), but most of the time it doesn't really pan out. I think it really is just down to the driver taking a chance.
1. Undercut means switching to new tyres, getting improved lap times as a result, when the car in front pits the next lap, they may end up behind the car executing the undercut since they did one more lap with worn tyres, meaning one slower lap. Overcut is hardly seen nowadays with how the Pirellis work. 2. Eh, Vettel seems like a really up and down driver as of late. I'd put it down to a lack of confidence in the car and maybe himself ever since Germany 2018, he's still a better driver than Leclerc at a good day. 3. I think Danny Ric is a top 6 driver for sure. 4. Germany, Brazil, Monza, Austria and Hungary are my picks. 6. Think Leclerc is still behind Verstappen. For one he isn't as good at managing the tyres.
They're both hard working people that didn't do much but [Cautious Hero and Kemono Michi](/s "at least Eruru's buff helped Seiya in the second last fight, Carmilla literally lost every single fight.")
The allure is a near guarantee that Sainz could at least land a win if he was up for it. McLaren looks to be on the up though so maybe they could break the F1/F1.5 split in 2021.
Always thought its the driver's job to extract the most out of the car instead of the team extracting the most out of the driver. Unsure why the latter is getting more and more prevalent.
A bit true, but just looking at rounds where Ferrari had a good shot at winning before their magical Singapore weekend: Bahrain: Hulk at 6th, in front of Norris before retiring. Canada: Renault 6-7, best of the rest+Gasly Austria: Performed horribly. Belgium: 8th for Ric, nothing special. Italy: 4-5, probably why I had this impression.
No doubt that Verstappen is getting more out of the car than the average driver, after all the team is centered around him, and his inputs on the car are probably prioritized over the second driver. Gasly just wasn't fit to drive the Red Bull at all. He admitted that he felt that he didn't need to change his driving style shifting from TR to RB, but Albon meanwhile said that he completely changed his style to drive the RB.
I think "best start" is poor phrasing really. Should've been "highest points per game" or something.
I like the part where they made a generic singer carry Webber's already heavily filtered voice through the last line.
You can try your hardest to replicate what you can see, but what you can't (the floor, detailed diffuser, cooling, suspension system) is integral to the entire system, and car aerodynamics work with each other in a sort of house of cards nowadays, every piece is essential for the whole thing to work.
via a post-race penalty decision delivered right after the drivers leave the podium, where Max took the top step.
Seb was barely close in Spa, lets be real. He locked up his tyres one or two laps into both his stints, that's a race killer move. I didn't even think he had the pace to match Bottas that weekend, just off his game then really.
Knowing Malaysian standards of efficiency, that sounds about right to me!
Hilarious.
They probably do not need to host F1 for much anymore. There is probably a large foreign contingent that wouldn't have visited Azerbaijan otherwise coming just for the race, Germany themselves already has their name all over the world. The article said that the money came from job creation, international working experience for Azerbaijanis, exposure for the country etc, Germany already has those in spades.
I don't even get what is controversial about celebrating. Happens all the time in motorsports alone. This one is literally a title winning moment. God forbid anyone ever celebrate their title in the instant it happens.
You should rethink it again then, considering Schumacher won 5 more titles after pulling even more egregious stuff like Jerez 1997.
I won't even put it down to new fans, people who followed the sport for years just prefer to casually block out and rewrite the sport's history. Hell, even how the 2018 season went down is being defaced as we speak.
This Mercedes team alongside Hamilton should just be considered as one of the greatest sports team of all time, period.
Really tho, the songs took a different direction with KIHOW. No disrespect to her, but I vibed a lot more with Mayu's Myth and Roid.
&gt; But still you have visitors that come for the race and go visit cities nearby, fuel their cars, buy train or airplane tickets, eat, drink, buy souveniers in cities, sleep in hotels, some of them buy jewellery, team clothes, caps or whatever. And you earn taxes for it. Yes, that still happens, but it's far from enough to cover the costs of hosting it. If hosting F1 races are such straightforward money making machines countries would be lining up to host it. The things is, we're seeing that Grand Prix's, especially ones that have been around for a while are losing a lot of money. This figure reported by Azerbaijan includes a lot of estimates, how do you quantify "international working experience" in money? It is likely that the figure is inflated to quell dissidents. And frankly, I think the German government definitely put more thought into the costs and profits of the race than what you put out.
If it's anything like teenage love stories I know IRL, Hodaka ends up getting fed up with Hina after like 2 weeks or vice versa, and realize that he went through way too much and let a city go to shit over his boner.
Yeah, the characters to me were a major weakness for the film. Hodaka ends up being a nationwide nuisance over a tough home life, which I can understand wanting to run away from, but goddamn, that's a huge extreme to go to. If they gave his motive for running away more than a sentence or two of screentime, perhaps we can understand and empathise more with him, but that didn't happen.
Is there really any merit for the Dakar cars to take that line though? I know it's a joke, but still.
Agreed with Ferrari's Singapore, I've never ate my words that hard before. I've been talking about how Ferrari will fade in Singapore after their double win streak. Other than that, I expected Gasly to be where Albon is currently on the RB, but better. To be that far off the pace in that RB is shocking.
The video is now removed, but [this thread here](https://old.reddit.com/r/formula1/comments/bqj57o/graham_hill_talking_about_the_fact_that_the_cars/) serves as evidence that it existed. This was all the way back in 1973, about 5-7 years since the aero revolution.
It's a good old trolley lever question. Sacrifice an innocent human or cripple one of the major hubs of Japan, let alone the world, which probably leads to an major economic downturn, displacing millions and probably push quite an amount of people close to death/to death? Or maybe we shouldn't really be thinking about it, but I like to.
1 person makes a half decent pun and the rest of the comment thread will be hell bent on jackhammering puns that only makes sense in another dimension.
Why not just link this instead of uploading it separately?
The Sainz family flying high, especially with the Jr making a name for himself too recently.
Spanish drivers seem to get the short end of the stick when it comes to luck. Alonso, self explanatory. Sainz Sr for that incident we all know. Sainz Jr was unlucky to enter TR with Verstappen. I'd imagine with nearly every other iteration of TR he'd be looking at a RB seat instead of where he is now. But it seems like McLaren is a nice turn of fortunes for him and the team.
Back when night races were a rarity, I kinda thought night time Alonso winning shots were sort of his special thing. Between Singapore 08 (ahem), Singapore 10 and [Korea 2010](https://i.pinimg.com/474x/29/c4/fb/29c4fbd252e73cacdb647307d873d50c--korean-alonso.jpg), he won 3 out of the 5 races that ended near or at night.
I think Seb did as much as he could with the car up until Germany, pretty sure you know what happened there. From then on it seems like he tried waaaay too hard to make up the gap that existed between him and Hamilton since Germany and went overboard a few times, killing his title challenge with spins/collisions at Monza, Japan and USA. Ferrari's run of 3 races where the car took a step back didn't help either. But the 2018 Ferrari was definitely capable of the title, it is by far Mercedes' biggest threat in the hybrid era. The Ferrari was stronger in the first half, then from Monza onwards the slower car. Over the course of the season they're about even.
Reading the article, it seems like it's just Bernie putting one and one together to form a logical scenario. I wouldn't read too much into it.
[Webber shoving him close to the wall down the main straight](https://youtu.be/jU_G4fEpaCQ?t=50), whilst not really Schumacher-Barrichello level, still quite frightening. Though the image of him being the young whiny blonde kid back then made the message a lot less in his favour in the public eye.
Well nowadays people still use Hamilton's rookie years against him, only the staunchest of haters, but you get it. But it wasn't too long ago (2010) when he collided with Webber and uttered: &gt;I'm going home! And [this](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SXPYSHRruXA) and [this](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=11ceUh2pv_4). So the memory was still fresh for some.
Classic quick release. Alisson's Neuer-like long range is pivotal to so many of our goals.
Perhaps that's the issue? They are going for signings that excites fans over how it fits the manager, big names over synergy. If fans were handling club transfers, it'll almost definitely turn out bad. What they need is someone who knows what the club truly needs.
Mostly snoozefests. 2012 being an exception.
Which parallel universe did you come from? Edit: In case anyone is wondering what the comment was, he said getting a World Class manager means fuck all seeing that Brendan Rodgers guided Leicester City to the coveted Premier League title after being sacked by Liverpool.
It's crazy to me that him being a driver for the team throughout it's existence didn't gain enough trust for the team to accept his feedback that the car was going backwards with development.
You are truly one of a kind.
Misinterpreted is giving them too much credit. It's misinterpreting in bad faith.
For all the 5 man avalanches Cr1t landed it's insane how little EG gained from like......all of those apart from his solo rosh steal.
Went from anxiety in every set piece to total confidence in a goal at every set piece, whether given or against one.
With our finishing looking woefully wasteful lately, bless our midfield for raining chance after chance so eventually one of them *had* to go in.
Henderson with another blinder of a game. A goal and a wonderful one touch assist when the forwards look to be off their game, carrying the team on his back again. Now watch even our own fans forget about his ability after one bad game.
Then unfurling a banner reading "stupid fucking sport".
Ah fuck, I gotta do it again?
They were oh so close to have made that Fed montage for nothing.
Only overlooked if you weren't paying attention.
If this is a different show from the New Year's Eve thing, then she must be making tons of *bank*.
The Sunday drive is affected by the Saturday drive. What use is his supposedly stellar Sunday drive when it only net him 21 points throughout the entire season? Where 12 are from Germany alone? I don't think he's F3 tier or something, but that his Sunday pace is barely meaningful without a good Saturday. Surely they can find a better driver than him.
Alright that last sentence from me was dumb. But I stand by the rest. I just think his Sunday pace is massively overrated. You don't end up with less than half your teammate's points if you are truly good on Sundays.
There's so many ways you can read that. It could be that he thinks he's not good enough to win a TI with this new roster, that he has other personal goals outside of Dota he chose to not pursue to help OG to another TI etc.
I find it hilarious that foreign fans of big clubs (hey that's me) give local City fans shit for not attending certain matches.
First Tiananmen, now the virus. Can anything stop this man?
Speaking of which, what is this #NotForEveryone campaign that Inter is running?
Ceb literally lost game 1 by not having chatwheels.
When the captain tells you to play like Ceb. That's the rocket to launch MC into tilt orbit.
"It's ok boys, we fucked everyone else." To be fair, TI9 OG was probably the best Dota team ever. No real shame from Liquid in losing to them, albeit a bit of a humiliating one.
And that is the only metric that matters.
More like they never knew.
Never say never, but no.
I get a slight "The Onion" feeling reading the title and seeing the thumbnail.
As long as his base understands that it's not them getting shot, they won't care.
He was dancing toe to toe with already-champion Button in his 2nd race already. Hell, he was already doing it on his debut. Toyota F1 folding was sad to me, but it is not because they never achieved anything significant, but that Kobayashi's F1 career didn't reach the heights it could've.
Thinking about this in a broader picture though, I think of a financial centre in Tokyo becoming a near inoperable city with countless people relocated, resulting in a financial meltdown for the rest of the nation and maybe the world. I have to imagine that there will be deaths in many different ways as a result of that, not to mention the suffering a lot of families will have to endure due to a severe financial downturn.
And there was one of Lewis' McLaren junior teammates that didn't make the cut convinced that he's better than Lewis but didn't make it because Lewis' skin colour is more appealing for McLaren's image. It's funny how people will use skin colour whenever it's convenient.
I think the Enstone cars were simply cheaper to run, as they were always ready for hire for promo events, as opposed to shipping in their own cars from England and prepare their own specialised crew to run the car.
The problem is being selective with what they support. When a corporate supports a social issue, it's usually only when they're certain that doing so will improve their profits over time. Very rarely (if ever) will you see a corporate support issues consistent with what they truly believe in rather than chasing what gains the most public favour and improve their bottom line. If there exists a corporate that brings attention to matters that truly runs the risk of losing them a share of the market, then there will be little justifications to throw criticisms at them. But a corporate is a corporate, and profits are their bottom line. So what I'm saying is that corporates can do no right in this situation because their very nature conflicts with being consistent in their social support.
I think the biggest obstacle to this proposal isn't the willingness of the FIA to do it, but the circuits itself being willing to host such an idea.
I do think they left for justified reasons that you laid out concisely. I just stated the obvious really: they had all the tools to be great but they wasted it, not that they shouldn't have left.
My 2k brain see kotl big spell rubick steal spell rubick win
And on the other hand, you could say that such drivers will start seeing the value of driving less recklessly after one close shave with death, actually starting their process of becoming "greats" as a result. Prost didn't adopt his "Professor" driving style until Pironi drove over the back of his car and broke both his legs. Scheckter was called to be banned (and was for 4 races) from racing for his reckless driving that eventually caused a massive pile up, then learned his lesson after watching the horror of Cevert's crash in front of his eyes, eventually becoming a more mature driver and a champion.
it'll take a lot of gall for a sport that plaster every inch of available land with ads to tell drivers "nah you can't have ads on your helmets because it takes away from the appearance."
Absolutely. There is no racing if defending is just shoving the other driver off the track.
"stay out of politics, stick to farming" "stay out of politics, stick to accounting" "stay out of politics, stick to plumbing" As if your profession invalidates you from having a political/social opinion. They just can't admit that they just don't want to hear dissenting opinion.
As a heads up, I think all smartphones that supports Google Translate can use the camera feature to translate text, so you can use your phone camera, and point it to a line of moonrunes to get a translation.
Depends on what this graphic is trying to show. If the purpose is to show average distance between cars throughout the lap, then yeah do it your way. But it seems to me (judging by his other comment) that it's to illustrate the distance between cars at the finish line, then this is an apt way to show it.
The success of Hungaoring always surprises me. It's not the first country you think of when you think "motorsport heritage", nor is it in a particularly rich country, but judging by the length of this contract, it is very, very sustainable.
Bruh idgaf how League treats their players. But the No.1 go to response to any changes to Dota is "are we becoming league?????" So even if League doesn't actually give a shit about flamers, you can still see a lot of responses here being "if we censor chat then we become league".
Six fingers to make this move, and only 5 are on the wheel.
"SHOOT ME IN THE FACE."
I'm confused on how Lone Druid hard support got so many votes. Not like it's a role swap scenario either like a few days ago.
Yeah Charles and Max would've gotten a penalty for sure if Canada didn't happen. It's the fallout from this that Masi changed his stance in stewarding, he's new after all.
Yeah I hate it as well. Worse of all the new "standard" is absolutely atrocious, but if the loud fans like it then who am I to speak?
Reddit loves it when they can do something, so eh, why not. "We did it reddit" is not a joke.
Koe no Katachi is a story about real life. And that's why it has the hardest gut punch to me.
[Madoka Magica](/s "Kyuubey. Cause we are Kyuubey.")
I guess a better way to put it is "antagonist".
I'm also gonna get ripped to pieces for this: F1 is nice.
Man really likes pushing cars.
The critical part of each car, "the survival cell" is indeed slammed into the wall at high speeds and not even be compromised. While other regulated parts will need to demonstrate crumbling under impact.
Even more impressive are the 5 year olds that already lost their V-card with my mom :(
Jesus that was the king of EU racing YouTube back then. The epitome of "epic fails".
&gt;Invoker in Archons are smurfs I seen more Invokers in my Archon pubs than any other hero, even Pudge.
Nah that's just a joke. I had immortal dying like 8 times before.
Considering the amount of Dota he plays everyday, not surprised. All that cash in the world to do literally anything, but it's Dota errday evreedei.
**Little Witch Academia (TV)** Only came to my attention that it was an OVA first before being a series halfway through the series. Is a special show but I find Akko grating at times, and they're not really subtle with their writing at all. But I still liked it, somewhat. **Attack on Titan, all of it** Thoroughly blown away every season. I mean that's the only thing I can say without spoilers, even if some characters feel quite one-dimensional which was pretty much my only major gripe with the show.
Wheel width was considered extra drag instead of extra grip. What were wings? Won't that make the car fly? The fastest cars are engines strapped to wheels back then.
It's a communist plot so comrade Kvyat can identify and torpedo the filthy capitalist Seb 40 years later.
I think there is a stat somewhere that indicates drivers in F1 do not get much better after their 3rd/4th year, unlike athletes in many other sport with a somewhat consistent upward trend up to around 29 years old. And I kind of notice it as well. You don't often see drivers in their 4th season and go "man he's really starting to hit his stride!" Usually drivers are either in the top half of the field by their 3rd year or they're just tossed out of the sport. Age imo isn't that big of a factor.
When car vroom harder than the other car, I felt that.
Before the race, and seeing Seb's pole lap, I thought that it's all over for Merc. Seb was on fire and Ferrari's pace was on point! Cue the start and reliability issues for the rest of the Asian leg.
I guess we should throw Schumacher's rain reputation out of the window as well for Brazil 2003. While we're at it, Senna is dogshit at driving a car for crashing out from the lead at Monaco 1988.
Honestly tho, for magical pewpew effects and whatever Demon Slayer was about, yeah Ufotable. But everyday life stuff? KyoAni man.
I seen the thumbnail first, which isn't even censored.
If KyoAni turns to hentai then there's a good chance they're facing serious financial troubles, in addition to a probable drop in reputation beforehand. Don't wanna see that happen to my fav studio, though they've been through far, far worse.
Not the best ending, but good enough to tie everything up! Probably need to read the manga to have a better, more comprehensive ending. Kinda wished they touched more on the other family, they gave them about 1 minute of screentime total so that felt off. Understandable though, they needed to cram everything in 1 episode. Otherwise, my favourite show this season!
I find it hard to believe that he genuinely just forgot. Perhaps he assumed the lap will be invalidated?
To make the competition fair, the Mercedes W12 for 2021 must only use the W12 engine shape.
The moral of the story is to set fire to your local rainforests, guys.
I think it was around this time that drivers started to take a stand against unsafe circuits (which were pretty much all of them actually), especially after Rindt caused a bit of a Senna effect himself later the same year, if the best can lose his life, what does that mean for the rest of them? Zandvoort was actually one of the circuits that complied and in fact skipped 1972 just for safety upgrades, installing safety facilities and barriers (Piers Courage died burning and stuck in catch fencing) that many other circuits didn't. Unfortunately for them, the year where they hosted F1 again saw Roger Williamson's accident. Because just giving a shit wasn't enough.
*MALE HEROES*
[My bingo sheet has already been decimated 1 round in, unsurprisingly.](https://shit-taste.net/bingo/iForgotMyOldAcc/)
This can only mean good things if your waifu isn't from the series, for the spite voting will be insane.
Because his issues are not racial, that's what I'm getting at. Not that he's white. Before the full alleged scale of Grant's actions came to light, when he issued his tweet in this OP, there was a much higher support:skepticism ratio for Grant compared to a racism/sexism victim, when it should be the opposite. Because a lot of (not the majority) users in this sub simply do not relate to racism/sexism if they're not facing it themselves.
&gt; Oh nooo why 12 and not 18 episodes then
He still has a year to benefit from it.
[F1 2016 Nico Rosberg - Racing Line | Austrian Grand Prix](https://imgur.com/a/P5HlXcQ)
For one this dude isn't a football player with backing to keep his job.
Definitely one of my favourite projects from her.
The prod in this album is crazy good. Of course, DAOKO as well. Enjoyed this a lot.
Seems like a recurring theme with not racists eh? Playing the fool while winking to your like-minded people is the racist's playbook to gain points in their circle.
I think the other takeaway from this incident is the initial reaction. Yes, a large majority of it was support, but you can obviously find some "he deserved it", "NASCAR was asking for it by disgracing the flag" etc, and said people will be the same people going "oh see, there's no problem with racism at all" when they themselves are the problem. Though this incident probably overplayed how extreme racism is in the paddock, the problem is still there.
And Hungary where Max ran into Ric, who waited for Max to drive by again to flip him off.
2021 Tiny arcana where he's literally a shitty PNG import of a real life pebble to make the prize pool breach $100 Mil.
For one, Tobi's "lame as a N****ers baby" comment on a ~~live cast~~ pub game is a pretty bright red flag. Perhaps one is casual racism and the issue at hand is sexual assault, but I find a pretty positive correlation between the two.
Yeah corrected, my bad.
Perhaps the best time since forever to hold such a ban.
Yeah by far the most disappointed I've been at someone. I always thought of Grant as a complete asshat so I'm not too surprised at him. Tobi's casting literally got me into Dota and despite the red flags, I gave him the benefit of the doubt.
Opening goes to Kakushigoto. Gal and Dinosaur a close second for the insane visuals and not a half-bad song (the full song can sod off though.) Ending......also goes to Kakushigoto, but that may be cheating because they legit used an 80s classic, not even a cover, [the exact recording](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dH9yLGoIxBw), and it's fucking phenomenal. By far my favourite OP/ED this season. I'd go as far as saying my favourite ED of all time.
In fact he emerged out of this situation with a positive rep with how he handled the Digital Chaos/Thunderbirds incident.
If we're talking about sexism in this whole scandal then Xyclopz might get ostracized for that, he had some drama with Axx (female Dota player) in one of his casts years ago, regarding sexism of course.
I feel like you choose to forget a lot of the races as well lol.
The problem with sexualisation in general is reducing an entire gender to their appearance, most women like to be recognized for more than just their appearance but their abilities instead. That's why people don't really consider women sexualising themselves a problem, because if that's how they want to be seen then sure, no problem. But if an outsider's first interaction to a woman is "hey, nice ass." then there's clearly a problem. Now in terms of gaming characters, as long as the women are represented with diversity, it's mostly fine, no one would care. You have a majority of female characters in Dota that is not represented by their sex appeal, if every female character is a QoP then yes, there is a problem, because that means an entire gender in the game is characterised by sex appeal. But that is simply not the case.
Yep, bigger gaps have been closed before. And it's not just about Chelsea gaining ground, but Liverpool not losing too much as well.
There's iTunes for digital, and physicals come next month, I think.
The name is a throwaway. The show is quite unique, set in 80s America with mostly western characters and a Japanese guy as the other main character. About crime, gang violence, [later in the show](/s "child pornography and drugs.") Would heavily recommend it myself.
Last season was supposed to be the promised season man. I can't imagine the planned Kaguya + Re:Zero + Oregairu triple punch, in addition to other big names as well.
&gt; People are just built to have to prejudices. I believe in a world where everyone is of the literal same genderless species, with 0 differences in appearance, physicality and intellect, the people there will still magically find something to discriminate the others about. It just seems like instinct to bring down others to prop themselves up.
Regarding 6, it's complicated and ultimately unfortunate it has to come to that point. But if that is the case, unless it's an explicit (or even implicit) blackmail I really don't see how the person in power should take real responsibility. Perhaps being more thoughtful and aware to properly assure that their power will not be wielded (and sticking to the word) is the right thing to do, but by no means the absolute requirement for consent. Otherwise I fully agree with the other points.
Anime girls can't say no
I dunno Envy, we have plenty of TI winners that have a girlfriend/wife.
Yeh wut. I didn't expect Juliet to go anywhere far but NotLikeThis.
Bonus points
Story of every "I'll be pacifist" game. Now everyone hates you for retaliating so cowabunga then.
Reminds me of the first time I tried a Religious Victory. I got real tired of fighting difficulty-buffed theology government Apostles so I just gave up and gifted all my cities away to push it over the 50% city conversion for the last civ.
I can see what you mean. But I'm curious on what are the shows that did LGBT characters justice?
The weird Tesla fanbase credits everything he's ever touched to him, while claiming other people who were credited with making something Tesla thought about *once* into fruition as thieves.
Not taking sides here (yet). But it's kinda rough to air every detail of yourself getting sexually assaulted to the public. If it was hard to speak up to begin with, opening up completely about a traumatic experience is much, much harder.
Any match IDs?
Umaru-chan then straight into Bakemonogatari.
To be fair this made me immune to any bullshittery in anime.
There were countless air incidents that were caused by awful working hours and low wages, especially for budget airlines and junior pilots. You have this awful combination of budget airlines using less than full condition aircrafts, inexperienced crew and fatigue causing these "pilot errors".
I always said that Suisei and かけてあげる are far away my favourite songs from her, both from the self-titled album. I've been wanting something similar from her since then but both albums after those were kinda.....eh. I liked a few of her pop releases, Cinderella Step and 終わらない世界で among those, but it's really mostly misses. So honestly I was skeptical about the album when it was announced. With that being said, I have nearly the entirety of anima played from front to back over and over since it's release. Any other music just seems inferior now, I just can't get in the mood for other music for like, the foreseeable future. I enjoyed it *that* much. One of the reasons I (and I know many others as well) liked her is because what she does, few other do (in fact, I know no one else that does her thing). I agree when you said that her last 2 releases just felt like she lost what made her special. anima brought all of what I loved about her initially back. anima, the track, was my favourite from the album. The prod was all over the place (in a good way) and DAOKO bringing the entire thing together and making it work is just.......*brain exploding noises*. The rest of the album are great as well, of course. I didn't enjoy the collab track with SCHA DARA PARR as much as the rest though, as well as Kaichuuyuuei, but that's more of a spoken word song that I can't appreciate correctly since I don't speak the language. The album is a collection of all her strengths, I did say that I liked some of her pop-ish songs, and not all of her rap, often finding myself coming back to maybe 50% of songs in her albums. I come back to 90% of this album over and over. It's an album that stands out where you can tell that yes, she indeed made this. Easiest physical purchase decision of my life.
