Too busy holding a stupid leadership farce and assaulting protesters. What an awful government.
&gt; attacked by the right This much seems certain given they've apparently decided that the concerned person who called the police is apparently the problem...
Drunk bastard.
Complete bastardry.
Absolutely fucked. We should scrap that in an independent Scotland.
They can and will... All residents can vote.
Haha that thread is glorious.
Yeah but apart from that.
You should tell the English people in the SNP, maybe they're totally unaware.
No, when it boots the power light blinks slowly for a brief period (like 3 blinks a second or something) and pushing the reset button in this period causes the light to start to flash quickly (10/sec or something like that) which follows with what the OpenWRT documentation says. I mean I can't say if this is failsafe mode for sure since it won't talk to me but it seems in line with what the docs here say: https://openwrt.org/docs/guide-user/troubleshooting/failsafe_and_factory_reset
Fucking hell.
I heard police had to be called to Ruthie's house tonight.
Aye Boris at least has genuine life in his eyes.
Aye she just fell down some stairs
Aye and his party's fault.
No, he just has better media skills. He's a big of a wank as Johnson
That's weird, he's speaking as if he's not part of that.
I like to think people troll Leask as much offline as they do online. He's the sort of guy you could have a lot of fun with in the office.
So it wasn't a problem when Scotland sent Labour MPs? The SNP have repeatedly abstained on voting on what they perceive to be English matters. Labour never did. The SNP have long supported the establishment of an English parliament and completing the devolution product. Labour never did. If English MPs are going to respect devolution as you say we'll be looking forward to seeing this government slapped down because they've announced their intention to undermine devolution.
For what it's worth, they do a very similar thing in Scotland. Obviously just doesn't work as well. It's a regular occurance to see them show footage of parliament where some ToryLab MSP stands up to say something and then cut the response from Nicola Sturgeon or any other SNP MSP. Radio Scotland particularly fond of this, you'll hear an accusation but rarely a full response.
Tories.
You think the building is the reason the UK uses fptp...? That's a new one.
I don't think so, I mean the reasons the UK remains a member won't really change. Still a country that exerts military force far outside its borders when necessary, it's not like losing a few bases in Scotland would change that and it'd still be a nuclear power. The UK would also still be England, Wales and Northern Ireland
I like how they immediately make a massive mistake in the fucking title of the video 😂
Hmm. What do I do with this? I see grab handles... I see a shower head. I don't know.
They're a bit warm. Obviously depends of course and they should give you better baw ventilation but it doesn't always seem to follow.
Have you seen those videos of the guys who magnet fish somewhere in the Netherlands and they're pulling German weapons out of the river? It must be full of them... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0KawAOjL7HI
Nope. It's never justified (far too long, they get far too many holidays) but right now it's even less justified. MPs should have the same holiday entitlement as any other worker which they take through the year imo. After summer they're barely back before taking their excessive conference and Christmas holidays. Just look at this shit: https://www.parliament.uk/about/faqs/house-of-commons-faqs/business-faq-page/recess-dates/
Yuck.
It's not really PMQ's when the person 'answering' questions isn't really PM.
Thing is though, people in Scotland have a massively higher chance of influencing the SNP's thinking than they do some faceless party who exist mostly in England (and aren't that interested in their members anyway). The issue could be forced if the SNP refuse to wake up, it's no guarantee (see Labour) but at the very least the chances of implementing reasonable drug policy in Scotland are much higher than on a UK level... if the Scottish Gov had the power.
Not with him at the helm, no.
That's not terribly liberal of you
Because The Express didn't learn from their previous site ban.
It's a right wing comic for the senile. Not even close to a newspaper.
They were. They were banned for registering accounts to post their own content. Just like they do today.
I think if the mods informed admins there might be another ban but then reddit now isn't like reddit then, they seem a lot less willing to try and clean the place up.
Where's the fuckin' money?
Ukpolitics
Because unfortunately the leader these Tories are about to appoint becomes PM.
Comes down the road (unseen) and hits the ramp which you can just see, flies through the air and lands on the ferry.
Funniest thing I've seen was some braindead Peterhead brexiteer fisherman whining about the possibility of reduced trade with Europe... They fucking sell most of their catch abroad and they voted brexit. The fucking idiots.
There's a salty mod about 😂
They're all full of shit. May's deal is hard brexit.
Yeah you can't beat gas. Gas ovens aren't so common any more though, I remember my old gran on her knees reaching into the oven with a lit match to light it :)
Dodgy Russian cash funding Farage eh?
Beast from the East!
I don't remember this being part of any of the leave campaigns.
Stories. Links. If you google "Boris bus" now you get flooded with links about Boris Johnson telling weird stories about making busses from crates and painting happy faces on them. It's more recent (google rank up) and pushes the undesirable older stories about Boris lying via his brexit bus down.
Don't think I've ever taken a car to a Kwik Fit. I know they don't have the best rep but I can't say if that is deserved or not. I don't think they tend to do major work so it's probably entirely likely they would be able to refill an AC system perfectly well, it's not a difficult job (but the fact it has leaked probably means you need some parts replaced anyway). If you don't have a local independent mechanic you go to then maybe ask around to see where neighbours take their cars? AC work will be done by most mechanics and you might find their prices more reasonable. AC refill should be an hour's Labour in most cases (+cost of refrigerant)
He's a smart man, he's hardly going to be a brexiteer.
Type in Boris Bus and tell me what you get. Also calm down, it's not just Cadwalladr who have noticed this. Instead of frothing try and be one of those moderate brexiteers that apparently exist and come up with good reasons why Boris Johnson would be talking to the media about building busses out of wine crates.
Nyah Fearties did that Red Kola song, that's a belter. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rZoZsy1kSiM
Absolutely not. Those people should learn to be wealth creators.
I'm confused.
Aye they're in no position to govern either. They need to cleanse their party as much as the Tories.
EU parl will probably do something (temporary suspension) but I doubt the recommendation to refer this to the NCA in the UK will be taken by the UK gov who up til now seem very reluctant to apply the law to brexiteers.
My dog doesn't bark at stuff much, she'll just sit and stare at the problem. I used to wonder why but I realised that she probably nearly always gets the desired result because if she sits and stares at something long enough a human tends to come and fix it for her.
The universe is desperately trying to correct its mistake.
Unionist boycott incoming
The BBC are only going to get worse when Johnson has the top job. This independent broadcaster doesn't really seem very independent when the Foreign Office dictate editorial policy... does it? are we ready to admit that the BBC is pretty close to just being an arm of government or are we going to keep the lie going?
I freely admit I can only tolerate so much Tory/UKIP/BREX/whatever thought online but as far as I can tell their main gripe with the BBC seems to be they occasionally have to see a black or brown face on it or that sometimes (rarely these days) a joke is made at their expense. Quite how any of them could watch BBC political output and think it's somehow biased against conservatives is beyond me though. Do they just ignore the daily dose of toryism broadcast across the UK?
Should be fucking seized and returned to nature. Every time I drive past that place and see it isn't on fire I'm disappointed.
I can name the ones I care about. The others, less so. There's a few standouts but that's because they've received media promotion.
The economy brands really need to get going on this. People would like a luxury EV but the reality is most can't afford one. The Korean manufacturers seem to get this and are building 'economy' EV's (relative term) with the sort of range figures that people want.
EC already came up with the question. Also to answer others: because the SNP are the government. It's a bit like claiming the Tories are doing a power grab whenever they do anything... Which nobody would do. Also nothing can happen without a parliament in support.
You don't get to decide.
MiLlenNiAlS kIlLeD bOoTs
Standing there, big smile for the camera with your tube of Anusol
Dubai is like someone turned on a hairdryer and is blasting your face the moment you step out of that airport. Insane. Thankfully everywhere and everything is air conditioned.
Nothing says progressive like gleefully voting through attacks on the NHS and welfare. I think I'm supposed to believe they're all so sorry these days though.
That's just making good use of the whole animal. Maybe that's my Scottishness though. Feels wrong to kill something and not make use of the slimy parts though, especially when doing so is just a matter of technique. Always wanted to try scrapple!
Boris is a better Farage than Farage.
Do we have any sort of hard figures on the actual effect of that though?
I mean there is different stuff (education, NHS etc) but what I mean by that is there's just been a general improvement in just about everything. I see all the old shit being torn down at long last and replaced. Some would say well that would have happened anyway but I think having a government whose sole focus is Scotland has helped.
Just like growing carrots. You keep them in the ground until there has been a freeze though, makes them sweeter. They're rank if you pull them in autumn. I just leave them in the ground all winter usually. I think they're a bit more vigorous than carrots, obviously don't like lots of stones in the soil or really heavy clay though.
We need the land. Compulsory purchase.
We've got plans, it doesn't concern you.
I told you, we need the land. No need to get upset, she'll get a fair price for it. We'll find her a nice static caravan too if she wants but I'm sure she's capable of that.
&gt;this country Which country?
Yeah if the strength of unionism is demonstrated by getting 11% of the vote... Ruthie cannot fail though. Anyone else doing that badly would have had the press at their front door demanding resignation. Barely saw her chubby wee face following that embarrassment though.
It's time conservatism faced up to this globally. There's nothing conservative about being a climate change denier. Either face up to reality or face extinction.
So long as any such product is clearly labelled as being produced using slave labour.
Tory military fetishism is weird.
Tell me more
While it's not the prettiest view that place looks lively af.
I believe he prefers Eck
Might as well just vote Tory if you want a Tory PM. Lib Dems are just Conservatives who don't like brexit, there's also no way in hell they're going to put out the raging bin fire that is English politics.
Why do I keep seeing people using extra virgin olive oil like this on youtube? Extra virgin is not for cooking! It's not meant to be heated. Aside from that this is a good method but it's just roast potatoes.
It's like a brexiteer telethon! I didn't unmute it, I just saw Tim Martin stamping about a stage with a message telling me to give him a fiver.
90s motorsport in general was just great. WRC for example. I miss those days.
Knew it'd be that poisonous wee bootlicker Gallagher before clicking
https://i.imgur.com/guvpTqi.jpg
I dunno. I'm too old for most games but there's stuff like Cities: Skylines this decade that has really entertained me, I loved old Bullfrog and Simcity games when I was young and stuff like that still satisfies old man me. It's maybe not the most creative game in terms of concept but in execution it's excellent, the best city builder ever. Maybe not even really a game though, more like a giant virtual lego set.
That's a rare shed, nice ramp too! I like the style, it's interesting how utility/farm buildings in different parts of the world have distinctive looks.
Good, he is the right choice.
It does seem like people who like to parrot this are people who are now retired and don't use many trains though. I've no doubt BR could get it wrong and did get it wrong. I remain unconvinced the service was worse than the one we receive today and I think the people who are most vehement in their defence of rail privatisation are the people who use the service the least.
But even in this context Starmer is ideologically pure, he's one of the few who have remained loyal to Labour.
While I agree with this since unionism is just British nationalism, I'd support the SNP adopting a policy of always calling the Conservatives the Conservationists. It's an appropriate response to their policy of always calling the SNP the Scottish Nationalist Party, the BBC have been doing this as well. Do not acknowledge any corrections, just keep calling them the Conservationists.
You too friend :)
Pish
Probably won't, worth taking it to court though. Doesn't change the fact that the SNP should be pushing for an independent Scotland (ideally in the EU) as well.
This is how I discovered I am anaemic so it's worthwhile doing because it's the right thing to do and they will tell you if your blood is no good.
Guardian honestly never gets it right when it comes to Scotland.
How are you with Doric? I've always considered it even more impenetrable than Scots. Head out into deepest Aberdeenshire and engage a farmer in conversation, you've got to learn a lot to make any sense of it. I grew up not far from Aberdeenshire and in the country but we didn't speak Doric there, when I started speaking to rural Aberdeenshire folk though it was like learning a new language.
Well it would make them a Scottish party.
Maybe in 2017 but in 2019? Nah. They knew what they were doing.
Stuxnet is probably the one most worth looking at. Of course that was an attack on Iran but it still stands out, a state sponsored and incredibly novel attack on Iranian nuclear infrastructure. It's the first of its kind and probably won't be the last although I doubt Iran has the capabilities to create something quite as specialised. Think attacks on utilities though, there's a lot more havoc to be caused shutting down power, water and possibly internet infrastructure than messing around causing minor headaches for the average citizen.
You could easily verify that I am not
You're really fucking up when The Guardian chooses to report something fairly. BBC Shortbread is a disgrace.
More than likely some fatheaded British nationalist like yourself, Turd. Also youse got pumped hard
SNP should get the coverage befitting of the third party, just as Lib Dems used to. Scotland's population will always mean that its political choices are made by less people than in England, this is unavoidable and is part of being in the precious union of equal precious not so equal friends. It is not very unionist to tell Scots they will only receive fair coverage if they vote for parties England agrees with, not very unionist at all.
Gave your team the pumping wee Ruth was so scared of she ran away 😂
I knew that fat orange bastard would start a war.
lol, I invite you to come to Scotland to experience that. Fifteen minutes of Glasgow, often complete non-news One Show style lets-visit-a-factory type 'stories' and some completely inaccurate stuff pumped out by the unionists at Pacific Quay, That's it, that's the BBC in Scotland. Everything else is BBC UK.
The US Commander-in-Chief has dementia as well. He wasn't a smart man even when healthy.
Support for the monarchy is lower in Scotland than in England. I'd happily see Scotland become a republic.
Good on Finland. We're supposed to be living in a future where we work less but apparently that goal was forgotten some time in the 80s.
She certainly isn't. Actually I'd say she's amongst the very worst people Labour could be considering. She is not a unifying figure in her own party and certainly isn't amongst the wider public.
Brian Wilson klaxon.
Fuck voting them out. Chase them out. If Australia doesn't see massive protests and civil disobedience following this it'll be hugely disappointing.
Westminster is often referred to by it's admirers as "The mother of all parliaments". Nobody wants to admit that mother has advanced dementia and is stuck in the distant past. Sometimes it's necessary to keep up to date and in the case of democracy it's vital, countries clinging to FPTP and Westminster-model parliaments need to bring themselves up to date.
Just saw them bigging her up like she has some sort of power. She's some shit-tier no-mark List MSP on a couple of thousand votes for a party that isn't in government. She was being presented as in some position of authority for some reason, if you knew fuck all about politics you'd assume she was in government.
Throw the execs down the shafts first.
Aye good on them. Maybe it's adblock privilege but whenever I'm forced to see adverts they're fucking irritating and everywhere.
EU member states have veto.
lol you too? Caught a 1 month ban for arguing with a Lib Dem. I'm assuming it's /r/Halk who was well known around here for being a massive bedwetter.
Do you know how fucking dumb it will be if WW3 kicks off because of one old man with dementia in the white house? Can we not at least ensure WW3 happens for better reasons than that? If we're going to destroy ourselves lets find a better justification than this fat dickhead who should just be permanently sedated.
*checks my interests* Nope, can't see how any Iranian is/was a threat to those.
The Iraqi PM who was asked to arrange the meeting by the Americans: https://www.forexlive.com/news/!/iraqi-pm-says-he-was-schedule-to-meet-with-soleimani-the-morning-he-was-killed-20200105
I think it's levelling off. The lifespan of cars in the UK (as in registered to scrapped) is pretty much set by the climate and not by mechanical fault. By that I mean what usually kills a car finally (i.e. uneconomical to repair) is corrosion, normally subframe and suspension components. Mechanical reliability is reasonably high across all manufacturers these days, some better than others and individual part durability does vary but it's rare for things like engines and gearboxes to truly let go before the end of a cars life if maintained properly and given the average car in the UK will rust its subframe and major suspension components to the point of MOT failure usually by 150k miles... the big stuff like engines and gearboxes tend to last that. I think we hit a high point of reliability with Japanese cars in the 90s because of relative simplicity - consumers demanded less features - and a very refined manufacturing process, particularly amongst the Japanese who learned to make some very durable components which contribute a lot to reliability. In parts of the world with less stringent inspection regimes and a friendlier (drier) climate you frequently see Japanese cars from the early 90s still going.
What is shr.gs? What is with the weird title? Has one of our latest (or is it an old friend?) spammers just outed themselves AGAIN?
Fuck that. You are thick and racist if you vote for thick and racist candidates. Nothing wrong with stating that, one of the biggest mistakes politicians in the UK have made is pretending thick and racist people have a point worth listening to. Besides, we're Scottish. Tories just got spanked here.
Don't vote for a racist if you don't want to be labelled a racist. Don't be scared of calling people what they are and besides: I'm not an activist. I'm not looking to cajole and tempt people to my side.
Residents + Irish type rules hopefully.
If anything the inevitable vindictiveness of the rUK government would force Scotland out of its comfort zone and improve our trading relationship with the EU. I'd welcome the UK being as obstinate as possible in fact. All the better for us in the long run.
I'd say so too, you get the occasional desperate plea for some common sense from Scottish Labour but they're quickly silenced.
Electric cars across the board are very much there already and more than suitable for the vast majority of UK drivers, the one hurdle being expense. I'd say we're there technology wise, 2020s will see a number of 'economy' models released and the prices will fall. In the meantime more government support via subsidies would be welcome, as economy of scale takes over prices will fall and as soon as there's a 200+ mile range car in the 20-30k range we'll see mass adoption, hopefully at a similar time to significant upgrade to the grid and lots more charging infrastructure.
The SNP campaigned on a few messages, one of them was indyref2. First page of the manifesto. Stick to facts, your lies are shite.
I'm honestly amazed people think Gervais was being serious... That's his thing, he's hired to make them laugh. He is one of them. He's doing a routine.
Deserves a sticky given the amount of disinformation that has appeared online.
Why the fuck does this keep appearing in the media? I'm pretty sure it was first talked about 2-3 years ago and just keeps being recycled. It was shot down shortly after as well, RN dumped munitions in the area and even if it wasn't a dangerous remnant of British environmental criminality it's incredibly deep. There will never be a bridge between NI and Scotland.
If it was shot down it'll have been a mistake. Now it's an extraordinarily dumb mistake to make, especially given the plane took off from Tehran but given what went on last night it would seem like the most likely explanation.
I really hope Labour can get it together and elect this guy. I'm not a Labour voter and likely never will be but it's genuinely sad to see the left in England in such a fucking state. We need a strong English Labour movement in order to counter the disgusting Tory menace that has caused so much damage across the UK. Starmer looks to me to be the guy to at least give Labour a chance next time around, I can't see any of the others doing that.
Nope. You can't go around the world offing people you consider a threat. The US committed murder of a high ranking Iranian general, regardless of his activities that's an unjustifiable thing to do.
Tories and their media have form on this, they thought similar about Corbyn and ran campaigns to join the Labour party to vote for him. Of course a lot of that is just political joking around but equally, they knew Corbyn was always going to be a hard sell and unfortunately they were eventually proven right on this.
Lol what? USA looks pretty weak today, Iraq wants them out and Iran are happy to shell US forces who are refusing to leave. Trump has clearly been talked down, for what reason I cannot say though.
And so are you but that doesn't make you Scottish. You understand you don't force identity onto people... don't you?
Do you often call people who aren't British, British? It's just that doesn't really work...
No it doesn't, that's like telling an Irish person they're British - it's entirely a matter of identity. It'd be like me calling you French or Canadian.
Absolutely. It's also possible to vote unionist but want indy, just like 49% of Scottish Labour voters.
Well of course you can - I don't think I said you can't. You cannot force identity on people though, that hasn't ever worked.
Is she supposed to? Diana was very political. What was it that made the white princess so popular amongst the monarchists and not Meghan?
Imagine you had no empathy. Imagine you are a Tory.
It's largely because the mods refuse to do anything about it. There was a brief period when they did clean up a little, this place used to be a complete UKIP shithole and kinda looks like it's descending back into that. Most of the really racist accounts are not very old.
It says United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland. What does yours say? Also what if I was French living in Scotland, does that make me British?
Have you told the Scottish Greens that? It's just they seem to be pro-independence... 49% of Lab voters in Scotland polled as pro-indy as well...
&gt;Holyrood can't have a mandate on non-reserved matters by definition. ... Surely if something isn't reserved, it is devolved?
I suspect Cummings - like most Tories - has no intention of lords reform. If anything he'll be looking forward to being one of them.
Arlene is fucked. Rumours have been going around about plans to get rid of her and if she can't enthuse her loyalist base she needs to go. I mean she should be in prison for her RHI scam but if they refuse to do that at least get her out of office.
Every time some 'new' mobile tech is launched they seem to just come out of the woodwork. They did the same with GSM, Tetra, 3G, 4G, 5G - its the same nutjobs every time, it's becoming worse because they've realised they can grow their numbers via social media though.
The real world speed increases are huge but depend on very dense coverage which limits those super high speeds to urban areas. We're talking close to a gigabit in ideal circumstances. If you're at all rural then don't expect much from 5G, I think just like 4G it includes some longer-range lower frequency stuff which might benefit rural users but really we haven't even got 100% rural 4G coverage yet so don't expect much.
Come out ye Black and Tans, come out and fight me like a man https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GvvtZIwh4Bs
That wee girl that was murdered on Bute, the scum tabloid press were trying to get telephoto lens photos of her grieving parents. They were going around the island asking people for dirt on the family as well, they're fucking scumbags.
I immediately thought speculum too until I saw the grippy bits and thought better of it.
Should have seen the BBC news at 6, Witchell genuinely looked like he was going to make a mistake and call them horrible cunts. He was visibly angry, how could they! We're the media! Fucking wankers.
Maybe in 2017 but in 2019? after all that we now know? no sympathy.
Some do.
Then add all the EU nationals that the Brits have tried to fuck over. Deary me yoons, it's not looking good...
Tories knew Labour were dumb enough to do the dirty work. Sad indictment of the Labour movement.
Do they?
They just don't give a shit, most will be long dead by the time the problem is at their front door. It's about living a nice life now.
*scurries off and votes for a unionist party who say Scotland isn't allowed to leave*
The lack of newspapers willing to publish polls suggests something has shifted. Post-election there was obviously good justification for commissioning and publishing an indypoll but given none of the papers have done so...
Add him to the growing list. Anyone ever seen any opposition to Scotland joining the EU?
Yeah the Challenger story is crazy. NASA were presented with the evidence that in previous launches the first o-rings were breached and the reserve o-rings were all that stopped disaster happening sooner... but they ignored it and went ahead.
I understand that appeal as well but fuck me, if Labour make the mistake of electing her on that basis the English left might as well just give up permanently.
Depends: do those places elect representatives who support Island independence?
Aye no worries, it was more me being curious about this argument than anything else.
Be whatever you want to be.
The great thing about Labour trumpeting Home Rule is that it shatters one of their favourite arguments back in 2014 when they swore up and down that Home Rule actually meant Blair's devolution settlement. If they claim they're working towards it still that pretty much destroys their lie that devolution is Home Rule. I think they know the ghost of Keir Hardie would kick their cunts in if he could.
Source for that please
Who is the next Ruth? I honestly don't know enough about their wee party to recognise a successor, they all seem pretty useless whenever I hear from them and none of them seem to have any sort of media friendly qualities.
New recipe doesn't touch it.
SGS do a cheap low profile 2 ton jack that isn't bad - think its about £30. Worth looking. https://www.sgs-engineering.com/tjl2-2-tonne-low-profile-trolley-jack Think a standard 3 series is high enough for the jack you linked though, some cars need the low profile though.
Are they in good nick? I'm of the opinion if it aint broke, don't fix it. As you say your timing belt kit comes with any of the ones that you replace as a matter of course but as far as aux pulleys, aux idlers etc I wouldn't replace anything that spins freely and isn't making ugly noises.
Cheap. That's about it. Never been particularly good, just cheap. Were nearly always better off buying the Ford.
I wonder if 16/17 year olds are hard to reach for a pollster, from a legal pov. Is there data protection restrictions etc? I know social media firms have a lower age limit of 13 because of legal headaches.
Ah yeah I know the arguments for it, I'm more talking about why it needs replaced when as far as I can tell it's still a very versatile and very MAD compatible weapon.
She did, Scotland stayed in the UK.
That's nice. Is she going to answer questions on her Catalonia policy?
Sounds like people need to erect their own flagpole nearby then.
"The SNP won a landslide victory in last month's general election, winning 80% on a mandate for an independence referendum" 80% of seats is a landslide. She did not say support for independence is 80%. &gt;Your point that there are different franchises and not every SNP vote can be counted as support of Independence and not every other vote can be counted as a vote for the Union is a good one, now with that in mind, what do we base the alleged mandate on? The mandates the SNP have repeatedly won. Every election they've contested since 2015. &gt;And what's the plan if the SNP lose again? I suspect it will be Indyref3. Repeating the same referendum over and over without respecting the result of any of them doesn't sound very democratic to me. If people elect SNP again then yes, expect indyref3. If people don't want an indyref, don't vote SNP. It's the founding principle of the party to achieve Scottish independence. &gt;doesn't sound very democratic to me. There's nothing more democratic. Party puts out intention, people vote on it.
Have seen a real nasty fracture from relatively undramatic circumstances nearly sever the entire foot - it happens, not often but if someone fell from a height and landed on their foot I can see that happening.
To be fair, we don't know that.
Someone should explain to her that Scotland being independent probably won't stop her working in London. I'm alright Jack indeed. Get your pro-EU home country tae fuck because you've got it in your head that you need Scotland to be in the UK.
Ah remember that thread when ukpolitics was very sure that these people obviously weren't right wingers and Owen Jones was probably just involved in some random post-pub fight.
It's amazing what this sub does to "Lib Dems", isn't it?
lol tories. Do I get to complain to Tory MP's and MSP's that they won't speak up for me?
SCART was really neat though, like at the time. Very high quality RGB signal, carried audio as well. Much neater than outside of Europe where there was a mess of composite and component cables.
Aye that'll go down well. A lot of people can't even take good advice from their GP on this.
It's just an oscillating magnetic field isn't it?
Actually glad to see that, fuck that thing for existing.
The MOT in the UK frequently kills cars relatively young. A combination of climate and culture leads to a lot of cars simply not making it much past 150k miles - people sell them on long before that frequently and in most cars you'll start to incur significant costs of maintenance, largely as a result of the wet and salty climate in the UK. Cars in drier climates last longer. Cars in countries without as stringent inspection regimes last longer. So yeah, used cars are cheap in the UK but there's good reasons for that. There's absolutely nothing stopping most modern cars making it to 300k+ miles in many cases but you're going to have to pay a lot of money over the course of its life to achieve that because the UK's weather will eat away at various parts over the years. In many cases cars simply become uneconomical to repair - a rotted subframe to the point of failing MOT is often more expensive to fix than many people can justify for an old car for example. Frequently large suspension components also send cars to the scrapyard because once again people can't justify spending big money on repairing a car that is worth less than £1000 on the used market.
Reminds me of a course from Cool Boarders 2!
Has 'woke' just completely lost meaning ever since the right wing media got so fond of it? Did it ever mean anything?
England doesn't. Also I don't go to other peoples country and tell them how to vote, what would even be the point?
Different variety of nationalists is all
Aye, you'd be better comparing it to France, or Germany, or The Netherlands, or Belgium.... UK put off this essential work back in the 60s and 70s when other countries just got on and did it and now enjoy extensive high speed rail networks.
F
2011 census seems to disagree with these figures, the English results anyway. Assume this was run for The Guardian though which is going to result in screwy figures just based on its political leaning. Also transparency is fucked on that png, can't click to view it.
"Don't they know we're British"
We sorted that out by getting rid of most of them but yeah, they have a different policy.
Sounds good, purchased! Good luck, hope it gets more attention
The SNP lost which makes the things they said even less relevant. There was absolutely no conditions placed on the 2014 referendum that amounted to "Only one you can ever have" - in fact the 2015 Smith Commission - signed by all parties - stated very clearly that nothing in it precluded Scotland from holding an independence referendum in the future. SNP have won a mandate, repeatedly. The basic democratic convention is to allow people the right to self determination.
&gt; people are interested in cricket news People are interested in all sorts of sport the BBC never tell us about. Instead we get second by second updates on England's trip to god only knows where.
It doesn't even make any fucking sense. How is he 'filtering'? How does peoples response to a hoax like this tell him they're people he wants/does not want? I don't know what is going on in that guys mind, I know for a fact that he doesn't seem like the sort of guy people will be able to work with though, that's a huge problem when considering spending a long time at sea with him.
Shitty population, shitty culture, shitty local government.
Since the media are just going to go apeshit on this story and light on facts: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Novel_coronavirus_(2019-nCoV) https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/2019%E2%80%9320_outbreak_of_novel_coronavirus_(2019-nCoV) &gt;Reported symptoms have included fever in 90% of cases,[11] fatigue and a dry cough in 80%,[11][199] and shortness of breath in 20%, with respiratory distress in 15%.[88][36][199] Chest x-rays have revealed signs in both lungs.[88][36] Vital signs were generally stable at the time of admission of those hospitalised.[199] Blood tests have commonly shown low white blood cell counts (leucopenia and lymphopenia).[11]
Don't think driving licences have RFID do they? As for whether your old one is valid... I suppose it is in the sense that your licence number will not have changed. I don't think you're supposed to have two photocards and DVLA would probably tell you to destroy the old licence if found. Really though so long as the details on the old licence are up to date and valid (name, address, licence number, photo, entitlements) then I can't really see what the issue would be with using the 'old' licence since it's no different to the other one.
They're not capable of any of that stuff.
Aye, the Brits are taking away our EU citizenship despite our overwhelming vote to remain in the EU. Instead of being heartbroken we should resolve to make sure the necessary steps to reinstate our membership are taken, there is no avoiding brexit as part of the UK so the obvious solution is to get Scotland out of the UK.
orly?
Doubt he or any other grifters give a shit. They just see money. He'll get a column or a radio talk show if he keeps this stuff up.
Yeah, always have done anyway. Usually just rounding up a low number to nearest pound or note, if it's a high number then chuck in an extra quid or two. Not expected but lots of people do it. Same goes for taxis and barbers.
Yeah it was frequently off-message when compared with the sycophantic guff BBC news pump out. That said, it was also frequently shite.
It's a fine effort and all but I can say from experience that maybe 1/3 or even 1/4 of drivers respect current 20mph limits near schools. In order to actually bring in a 20mph limit there will need to be a huge police campaign to enforce it, probably lasting over a year. I don't think they've got the resources to do this.
Ahh I understand
Scrap the channel no cunt asked for.
Opening salvo? https://www.reddit.com/r/Scotland/comments/esuzit/union_br_blitz_incoming/
Funny thing is they stood on that exact manifesto only last ~~week~~month... and lost more than half their seats. They're incapable of listening, no policies other than STRUGEON OUT!!1 and suffered an embarrassing loss as a result.
You have to see it from the POV of people who thought the Windrush scandal was a great thing though.
Pro union memes are much more difficult to create though. I suggest copious use of Times New Roman and 90s era MS Word Art. Maybe some very old clipart too, will require taking through some old CD's and floppy disks. The key to a successful pro union meme is making it look like it was bashed together at least 20 years ago on a nicotine stained beige box.
China seems intense enough even without a virus scare causing people to panic buy and freak out.
Load of shite, can't trust the Brits, doesn't keep Scotland in the EU.
You can get a peerage for services to the party as well, donors etc. It's a frequent prize for those who go above and beyond ideologically. See Baroness Mone of Mayfair for a great example - fucking hopeless woman in business but did Tory favours in indyref, got a peerage. Even ran a crypto-scam while a peer.
Unsourced garbage - they don't know that, they just want to print something to make yoons feel better. Don't post opinion pieces as fact
Aye but that's weird given things like scrapple exist - I think maybe the regional US cuisine is a bit more open to things that aren't skinless chicken breast and lean beef. Like, they eat/love black pudding in places like Louisiana.
What the fuck?
To be honest watching most debates that concern Scotland live is the only option most of the time because the TV media tend to ignore them - you won't even get an editorialised version to watch. Far too much concerning Scottish politics requires following its individual MPs and MSPs on twitter to find their contributions, reading Hansard and watching live parliamentary debate because the media seem to hate covering Scottish politics.
At least one of them got what they deserved
She's chewing and swaying that jaw like she has had half a gram of mdma.
Same. Cheapest bottle of single malt on sale is in Lidl I think and it's definitely under £20, Queen Margot or something they call it.
90% Tory wanks, 9% UKIP wanks, 1% SNP good guys by my reckoning
lol Hague
[TPB referenced Mayor McCheese](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kWjMpmkU1YQ)
It isn't a lie.
A bloated, racist, corrupt arse.
Now there's an idea... How about a YES stamp?
That isn't especially extremist but it isn't possible.
He doesn't need to worry, parties do not join the EU. Scotland probably will though.
Aye he's smiling but he knows the grim reaper has some unfinished business.
What a fucking Tory.
The party of Section 28, remember. Nasty bastards
Neat
Lack of investment is also a grave concern. That is to say very little money is going into the UK car industry which signals the intention of most manufacturers to gtfo. If they're not re-tooling for new model production it's a matter of time. Got brexit done!
Tea is just flowery water and I've never seen the point of it
Hoping some women were raped so you can say voting SNP makes you a rapist? Bold strategy
You're trying to politicise a criminal trial and it's pretty fucking obvious what you hope the outcome will be. I'm telling you if that is your hope you're a sick fuck.
What did I misconstrue?
https://i.imgur.com/6ItpeZ9.jpg
Heard their 'report' on newsdrive, fucking disgrace. You wouldn't know Scotland voted heavily for remain given the prominence they gave to brexity opinions.
ohno
Why?
That wouldn't be sensible at all, politicising brexit is why Boris Johnson is PM. Of course there could be a reason to try and politicise brexit but that's only to escape the blame for the outcome, I suspect come election time though there would be efforts to once again try and bank on the support of 2016 brexit voters. Also the effects of brexit have only just begun, pretending it is now over and that nothing has changed is extremely silly. The UK economy has taken a big hit and will take an even bigger one over the coming years.
BXP is just UKIP, I've never considered them a different party.
Why wouldn't it exist?
Aaaand it's dead.
Destroy his computers and phone.
Oh you mean the brexiteers staged a rebellion? Yeah, they're in charge now and much of that 80 seat majority is composed of them. They're not going to rebel against their brexiteer leader, he put them there.
Nope, have to be resident in Scotland.
I wish they would do this helicopter shot more often. DM-2 deserved this level of coverage imo.
Jesus, he's threatening a huge escalation. It's especially chilling if you've got the audio of all the streams running while this fat fascist makes his threats. Good luck Americans
So I heard Trump mispronounce antifa last night and knew what was going on.
Now imagine how dumb you'd have to be to fall for that 😂 Scary. People have started breeding with vegetables.
And always pronounce it as 'anteefa' They don't have a fucking clue and have just made up some imaginary global left wing terrorist organisation.
One extra click isn't shut down.
How about you go check before you pipe up with the outrage?
Only online though. What happened to MAGA night down at the presidents place?
Jesus, you're not wrong. That's a slab of a face.
No, not at all. The people on the street doing the opposition are often involved in left wing politics though - not often extremist politics which isn't big anywhere. Your average Labour party member is an antifascist, for example. They'll often be seen opposing fascists at protests or the like. Most politicians in civilised countries are antifascist though, opposition doesn't have to come in the form of violence and most civilised societies understand the need to keep the fash suppressed post WW2.
Ireland.
It's the casualness of it that gets me, like everyone (including the police) is just there for the fun of it. Riot breaks out, cops show up, a bit of fighting and tear gas and then everyone just kinda calls it a draw and moves onto the next battleground.
I'd be more comfortable with it if it was a clear manifesto pledge thing but given the circumstances I'm fine with them stopping going mid-term like this.
Retarded, should be reprimanded for that. Risk to public safety.
Test your disgusting social policy on the Scots: the Tory way. I've said they consider us subhuman before and I stand by it.
That just sounds like gang/organised crime stuff, taking advantage of the situation to grab some free stuff.
The Canadians: a great bunch of lads
Parliament clearly isn't ready for in person voting to return, this proves it.
Certainly did. Labour isn't allowed a proper left wing leader anymore apparently, although that's hardly a new thing. Corbyn seemed like a decent sort, I'm no Labour voter but I can't fault the guy's principles but you're just not allowed to be an old school left winger like him now. The UK as a whole bounces between shades of Tory and has done for a long time now. I'm also not criticising Starmer, he's got more mass appeal and would undoubtedly be a better PM than that fucking idiot who's in the job now. He's just a continuation of a centrist Labour party which isn't really true to its roots though.
I remember laughing that just as they always do, fuckwits were actually believing a new Tory PM was going to do something about it. Every time one of these scumbags get the job this happens. We even had the British Liberal media believing Boris Johnson was going to become a decent sort thanks to coronavirus.
I don't think Corbyn realised that there's a movement to be built out of the mass distrust of the media in the UK. A lot of politicians don't, for whatever reason. Generational maybe but there's definitely a belief amongst them that you're not allowed to fight back against the press. For example we in Scotland have SNP figures doing the whole #buyapaper thing despite every single paper and much of the news media running daily hit pieces on the party, independence and independence supporters. Maybe the UK isn't quite in the right place for this yet but there will definitely be a time when a politician can attack or just ignore much of the traditional media and still win.
Depends on your class. Seriously, it does. Working class? nope. Middle/upper class? free pass, ship the kids off to boarding school to be buggered then tell jokes about it even.
Actually he's mostly targeted because he works for the Tories. If he was just a common garden variety yoon in Scotland he'd be mostly ignored.
You're spot on there. Where's the articles about the mountains of abuse SNP members and supporters receive? Nicola Sturgeon alone gets the most vile abuse from Scottish loyalists. Never seen a single article about it. Ian Murray and his Tory loyalist pals encourage the nastiest abuse and if you look below any of his ignorant tweets you'll find the shame of Scotland cheering him on.
Yeah it was very poorly reported. If something like that came out about the Tories it would be front page news for weeks, the BBC etc. just brushed it under the carpet though. I think for that reason Starmer could take firm action relatively unnoticed. There's a lot of media out there that really did not want to report on their aligned people in the Labour party being caught out, they'd similarly gloss over them getting shitcanned.
If you want to see something really funny, have a look at this: https://twitter.com/ayeshahazarika/status/1267076129204113408 See how she only responds to the positions she agrees with? the ones that say Ian Murray, Jackie Baillie and Tory-aligned loyalism are the answer to Labour's woes? They're totally blind to the problem. They pretend that the course of action since 2007 is somehow the solution when it clearly is the problem.
I think he has made that mental leap, he's not thick and he knows what he's talking about in articles like this isn't actually possible. He just finds it easier to lie, as if that's an actual solution to something that obviously troubles him.
Lockdown is over, no point getting outraged about it anymore. It has failed, failed weeks ago by my reckoning. I know officially it hasn't but you can see the crowds everywhere for yourself, very few people still respecting it.
As far as I can tell Trump just uses it as an alternative account these days. Not sure why exactly but it seems to pump out a lot of stuff that would be equally at home on the realdonaldtrump account.
Yep, that ghoul Hopkins attempted to inflame tensions on the island by spamming out lies about a Syrian refugee being involved.
Ehhh.... not all soldiers. See Northern Ireland, in fact the current UK Gov are attempting to make it impossible to prosecute soldiers. US Gov don't seem like the type to be into holding their soldiers to account either.
Wild, eh? Thing is, the liberal media in the UK would lose its shit over anyone else being a proven racist like this. PM though? barely a peep. A lot is made of how the British system of not revering the executive like the Americans revere the presidency is superior etc but you know, I don't see any fucking difference. Boris Johnson is a racist and if anyone else was a racist like he is they're fair game in the press and rightly so. Why does being PM absolve him of his racism?
225 comment karma Not even trying
I sent my dad to the USA to buy 2 megabytes of RAM to run Windows 3.1 😂 it was so much cheaper there than here but still eyewateringly expensive. Weird to think of those days, I've got more RAM than I can use now.
I'm asking because I genuinely do not know how PPE is sourced in care homes. I would have assumed entirely privately in the case of private homes and from some sort of central stores in the case of council run care homes. I also don't really know what the NHS stores are providing to care homes - is it all PPE or is it emergency PPE for use specifically during a viral outbreak?
The fact you can do this is something that TV journos love - they all did it to Jeremy Hunt as well, repeatedly. You can do it because you can easily get away with it.
Welcome to Tories.
Desperately spamming F5 on Kev Hague's blog to get the latest take on why ackshually this shows the unionist minority to be a majority
I'm found in every chipper, come at me bro
I slept through the giant one in Christchurch back in 2010, what woke me up was a bunch of people screaming. It's a bit like the feeling of being on a wee boat though, like the whole world is bobbing up and down.
No you haven't, you've just ignored it. England changing its Sunday Trading laws has a knock on effect in Scotland because England doesn't have devolved employment law. What you do affects us. &gt;Anyway Tories will force it through now anyway, and the SNP will be shown up for being the meddling divisive twats they are. Which is why we're majority pro-independence. Your Tories sicken us.
I wouldn't take down any statues in Rome, I'm not Italian.
https://pbs.twimg.com/media/EZ645myX0AEJqKd?format=png&amp;name=900x900
Aye, the plaque on it called him one of Bristol's most virtuous sons etc. It was a celebration of a slave trader.
Scotch Tories want Ruth back so they can lose every election they contest with dignity 😂
&gt; Westminster Voting Intention (Scotland): &gt; &gt; SNP: 51% (+1) &gt; CON: 21% (-5) &gt; LAB: 19% (+2) &gt; LDM: 6% (+1) &gt; GRN: 2% (=) &gt; &gt; via &gt; @Panelbase &gt; , 28 May-5 Jun &gt; &gt; (Changes with 5 May)
Dundee sticking to its guns on Churchill, nice to see. Turfed out in 1922 after deploying tanks against striking workers.
Dundee, best wee city in the world.
And they've been pretty fucking good in their role of kingmaker. Lib Dems gaze upon them in utter confusion.
Are you just blindly thrashing around for a boogeyman and landed on Labour? What's it got to do with them?
Yep, the way Savile has been AIRBRUSHED OUT OF HISTORY is a disgrace, right /u/FearTheDarkIce ?
Independence majority, thankyouverymuch. Also polls disagree. Tories and Labs now on a pathetic 21% and 16%.
Well generally, yeah. Just like all the other polls all the other years where the SNP won and the Tories/Labs lost miserably.
Ah so if Savile raped kids in the 1800s it'd be cool to have a statue of him now? What about 200 years in the future, do you think Jimmy Savile will live on as a giant bronze statue bearing a bootlicking inscription about his charity work and general popularity?
Scotland has proportional representation. Piss off back to baduk, you're boring.
Vomit and wax as far as I can tell
Kinda already does through the EV subsidy. Going to be big changes this decade though, the prices are falling to acceptable levels for a lot of drivers and the range issues are disappearing with better and bigger batteries.
Because stuff like this isn't widely reported. I'll admit I'm wrong if I turn on the BBC 6 o clock news and see this story featured. Toryism relies on ignorance.
Not exactly, it's about a lot more than just contemporary conservatism. Scotland first turned to the SNP as government back in 2007 - Labour were still in power at a UK level for example. Labour used to get it, Keir Hardie was all about home rule etc at the turn of the 20th century. There's a lot to the independence movement, it has been building since 1707.
So what's the problem with recognising him as a racist? Why does Middle England screech at the very thought of recognising this aspect of Churchill?
/r/spacex got you covered. Schedule is in the right hand bar and every launch/mission gets its own thread.
TV news is fucking infuriating these days. I really miss the days of someone sitting a desk telling the story instead of this stupid we go live to our reporter on scene even though they don't need to be on scene bullshit. I always come away from TV news wanting to know more.
edgy
Measles has a vaccine, that's how we've achieved herd immunity (although it's under threat due to fuckwits not vaccinating their kids and in some places I think we've lost herd immunity). Without a vaccine you can't achieve herd immunity without also shrugging your shoulders and accepting many more will need to die in the pursuit of this ridiculous policy. A vaccine is key, wihtout it nobody should be talking about herd immunity.
Definitely something to be said for going back to the old ways of doing certain things.
Did they actually put it up? I thought it was stuck in the planning stage
I'll never understand shit tier accounts like yourself which only seem to be here to collect downvotes.
It is one of those ridiculously impressive things. JPL are far and away the experts in landing stuff on Mars, this looks too complicated to be reliable but they made it work and hopefully will again. It still blows my mind a little, on an alien world one day a big robot appears from the sky and does all this, lowering a smaller robot to the ground.
Remember that dealers always use OEM parts, they're going to be more expensive. You could go to an independent and use non-OEM parts, for drum brakes I'd consider this - the aftermarket stuff is fine. Drums both sides should be less than £100, handbrake cables are about £20 a side, shoes another £30-40 a side. All third party parts of course. Go to an independent, see if they can beat the dealer - they really should be able to and I can't really see a reason to go to a dealer for work like this if you have a choice.
If only she was around at the time, I think one look at her might well have made Hitler realise how wrong he was.
You cannot vote Tory and expect a reasonable standard of provision, definitely not when it comes to welfare. They do not believe in it and have set up a system designed to make it as painful a process as possible to claim your rightful entitlement. I hope a lot of people now have the experience that demonstrates just how badly governed things can be under the Conservative Party.
Jings. It's really weird how they just make stuff up willy nilly these days - really makes me wonder, how many of those are genuine accounts and how many are just political agitators? &gt;This is not true. If Scotland had voted for independence when the UK was in the EU it would have left the EU. Not only that it would leave the UN, the Commonwealth, the WHO, UNESCO, NATO and every other international body and would need to apply to rejoin. Nat's are Scoxiteers. It's weird how the unionists on twitter seem to bounce between being brexiteers and being anti-brexit (when they think they can use it to attack indy) as well. Had to laugh at UNESCO though, it's as if he just remembered visiting some cultural site and decided to jam it in.
No, surely you realise: everyone who isn't part of the UK is bigoted. Norwegians? bigoted. Japanese? massive bigots, nat scum.
Oh you dirty bastart
&gt;Mearkle, who was cleared of murder charges on Thursday, says she feared for her safety You're police for fucks sake. It's a dangerous job, you don't just fucking shoot every possible source of danger though.
Are you misreading or something? Maybe take off the union jack specs and have a look at the numbers.
&gt;The nukes aren’t English either. They’re British. So not Scottish (as in independent Scottish) so how could Scotland be the one disarming? &gt;Member states with separatist groups like Spain are at great pains to ensure that newly independent states do not get an easy ride in these negotiations. They don’t want independence to be seen as easy for obvious reasons. Christ, you're really clinging to the belief the world despises Scotland as much you, aren't you? You might have an excuse for this in 2014, you don't anymore. &gt;Furthermore, not wanting nukes, but still wanting other countries (I.e. the U.K.) to provide a nucluer deterrent, and the economic and strategic burden that comes with it, is hypocrisy. NIMBYism. Who said we're wanting that? I'd like to see the UK drop the nukes as well - it can barely afford them and it would be a great first step in improving the global reputation of the country. However that isn't our choice, it's up to the UK to both house its nuclear deterrent, pay for it, and hopefully never use it. Not our problem. &gt;However, I am all for an independent Scotland. I’m for an independent England. I also support unilateral disarmament. I joined CND in the 80’s! Aye great, vote for an indy English party then.
Mine came out with similar the day after the EU ref result, he was disgusted with the Tories for that. Then it turned to anger and he pretended he never said it. Then he started pretending he was a life long Lib Dem in the most recent election because he likes the things they tell him about indy being baaaaad and not to worry about brexit. Good luck with yours, mine has been a bit of a nightmare since 2016.
So just another example of a company that desperately wants to make money from the Chinese market and will probably always back down. I get it - money is important, they're a business. Social media/tech firms cannot really afford to have too many principles but it is a very stark decision when a lot of your business is in facilitating communication (or entirely, as in the case of Zoom).
Local gov serving the people well there then, sure this decision will be really popular.
Not likely at all in my view, not aware of any thought that considers Robert the Bruce to be a racist (we wouldn't ever know). Seems like textbook inflammatory shitstirring by fuckwits to me
There's an annoying amount of slightly different variants too, just because some engineer somewhere decided why the fuck not.
We all want to know who killed Robert though!
Coordinated spamcampaign now, saw beeb shortbread punting the same shite yesterday non stop. These scumbag profiteers want nothing more than to be able to ignore the virus. They should be told to fucking do one, not given media platforms. UK as a whole cannot be considering schemes that are in use in countries with far lower infection rates. The UK is still one of the worst affected places on earth, it is no way comparable to somewhere like South Korea or New Zealand.
We will put her in a museum, you can still visit.
Brasil needs to deal with this guy.
Are you confident he emailed it to those people specifically or all people who had contacted him?
The #avengeslavery tag gives it away. Used nowhere other than 4chan prior to these appearing in the wild. Silly fash.
Just saw the lunchtime news, not a peep of this.
Have they ever been quiet before? Just saying... the fash don't know when to shut the fuck up.
That isn't *the* BBC news, that's the 24hour news channel. The show on BBC1 did not feature this story.
It's hardly a new phenomenon. [It's something associated with loyalism](https://66.media.tumblr.com/b9ae4fd39f91710d1a51577f16c107e5/tumblr_nc78veyKNl1r0nswko1_500.jpg), [they are a terminally confused people on the whole](https://66.media.tumblr.com/a0a32a87631b315311e3fd1603f1dec7/tumblr_nc78veyKNl1r0nswko7_1280.jpg).
That isn't BBC1.
Watched it, not featured. Maybe regional coverage?
Telegraph journo fails to realise the fash consider him an ally: https://twitter.com/EdClowes/status/1271808661183180800 &gt;I’ve never seen a protest so hostile to press. &gt; A black BBC photographer has just been accused of defacing the statue of Winston Churchill. &gt; &gt; A demonstrator just grabbed my press badge and had a long, hard look at who I worked for, before nodding and walking off. &gt; &gt; Menacing.
There's a theory that conservatism is a symptom. I don't know, it seems like it might have some truth to it.
New Zealand in another example of Here's What You Could Have Won for Scotland.
Popular place to fall to your death or at least serious injury. Feels like every year it happens at least once if not more often. I like it, it's surprising it hasn't been totally blocked off though given the apparent popularity of falling from it though.
No but it doesn't mean you take the Tory position either. Otherwise you run the risk of those centrists you're after asking why they don't just keep voting ToryLib. &gt;Like it or not those kind of people make up the vast majority of voters. Better to take a principled stand and correctly point out vandalism is already a crime. Treat the voters with some sense of respect and they might well come back to you.
There's also the various party subs if you prefer something even more partisan.
More videos of what the police have had to deal with in Glasgow from the unionist minority kicking off: https://twitter.com/Fraser_Knight/status/1272149557707780096 Disgusting scenes, no excuse for it.
A known racist is launching a commission on racism? Fucking hell Tories, I know you're big fans of sticking the knife in and twisting it (see Windrush Day) but why do you apparently enjoy it so much?
Not working here, think it's gone.
Some palms are very hardy, you see them in Scotland even.
Ta, was thinking it had to be something along those lines. I'll have to try messing with that stuff, I bake bread but have never used any of these extra secret ingredients. With the orange juice, at that level the orange flavour might be too obvious? you can get ascorbic acid easily enough though.
Quite right. Revoke their passports too, there's too much fashy travel to Russia from across Europe.
They don't care since nobody has ever held them accountable in their lives. They'll probably find coronavirus is no different.
Well that's an escalation although it's not to the point of attacking anything other than their own territory. What do they want this time, more aid?
If someone from NA says coriander they always mean ground seed, they use cilantro as name for the leaf. Using same name for both is a British English thing.
Very possible. Plenty of room, very simple looking mechanicals. Even a 5HP golf cart motor would massively improve performance, if you wanted to be really fancy about it there's definitely room for a lithium battery pack. You can buy used EV modules for this or build your own pack.
Has to smell like fag ends and wet clothes but.
Just ban political advertising online full stop. No need for it, TV is bad enough (but regulated in most countries quite effectively).
Lib Dem paper, often seems to confuse Tories who think anything left of the Telegraph simply must be Labour. At best - and running the risk of sounding like a brexiteer - the Guardian is a centrist, metropolitan rag.
It's for the best. They can be taught how to be good tourists during their quarantine as well, introduced to new food and an introductory Spanish language course.
When there is no news just invent something. There was absolutely nothing about a one day week in the first place. If you want to criticise ScotGov, stick to facts. Telling lies to English Tories to feel better about yourself doesn't have any effect in Scotland.
Some of the Starship promo renders had them launching from offshore platforms didn't they?
The user agent switch seems to be working for now.
Kaye's Kurated Kultural Kall-In She was actually saying she only wanted people who agreed with the English policy and was ignoring everyone else.
All over the internet in general. But yeah, Reddit seems particularly targeted... or I spend too much time here.
What a fucking ghoul. Someone should tell the Tories that their inhumanity is showing through on this issue though, I've seen more outrage from them over this than Grenfell.
They're fucking mental. They created a reality that never existed (and wrote a handful of awful articles in shitty right wing rags about it) and are now attacking the people they've invented this reality about. Unionism is a sickness.
[Cybernetic Ghost of Christmas Past is always gold](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cu2Pw8Kvq2k) but my all time favourite was the bible fruit episode.
It's because beeb punted the articles off the front page very quickly due to obvious Brit embarrassment.
Naturally.
Brilliant, bet that really hurt Carmichael who wants nothing more than to be a real Brit for Boris. Also really fucks the FibDem campaign to lie about Indy Scotland being in the EU 😂
Ballsy move from the few remaining North British Conservative MP's who very much have to keep farmers on side and have decided to apparently fuck them over instead. Of course they assume it won't matter for a few years.
lol good one. Just more Tory fanfic, there is absolutely no chance of the bribe being at risk.
Why? Most people will not opt out in the same way most people don't run ublock/adaway/pihole/whatever.
Heard Scottish accent, assumed SNP (despite Carmichael being a Tory government minister back in 2010-2015) and went off on a Lib Dem-ruining rant about indy being the route to staying in the EU 😂
Do I need to prove it to you? Why would you assume I downvoted you? I didn't bother, you fragile wee racist.
ITT English people telling each other what Scots are like.
Ask Vote No Borders. All stinks the same to me, three separate unionist rabble rousing 'campaigns' set up within days of each other, three separate unionist party representatives being put on TV/radio purporting to be "concerned parents" and all following Jack McConnell/PwC being given a blanket BBC coverage campaign.
? Reddit has been extremely welcoming to the far right, for years refusing to do anything about it and still not properly enforcing their content policy. Reddit took a very Silicon Valley libertarian view of the site and arguably still do, they do not want to remove anything other than obviously illegal content.
So even if that was a source - why would that justify an attack from loyalist thugs? I ask again: why were your lads there?
I don't wonder, I know where the problems lie and I'm not specifically blaming Rangers - that's incidental. The problems are much deeper than a football team. If shinty was popular in this part of Scotland there'd be a loyalist shinty team for them to rally around, it wouldn't specifically be a shinty (or football) problem though. It's political.
The cenotaph was never at risk. The simple fact of the matter is these idiots shouldn't have ever been there and even if there was a celtic presence in the protest it wouldn't have justified a loyalist response.
Rumoured... I guess. It's probably the worst kept secret around.
We're not at war. These are not emergency rations. A supplier can definitely be expected to supply meals that comply with very basic religious dietary needs. It's not exactly difficult.
&gt; but if you're literally begging for food They're not begging for food, they're following very sound advice to stay at home due to being especially vulnerable. You're making it out to be some sort of dire-need situation when it isn't but if you're forcing people out due to not even being able to supply suitable meals it's highly irresponsible on the part of the government and their hapless supplier. Airlines handle this on a daily basis with no issue, a firm contracted to supply meals can definitely do it. Fuck me, even British Army combat rations are tailored to religious dietary needs! This is worse.
They're not emergency rations, we're not at war. These people have been asked to stay at home for their own safety and in return the government have been supplying them food to try and keep them from having any reason to go out. By not even bothering to try and provide food they can eat though they're going to harm that effort. &gt;You're talking about a government that can't even launch a tracing app correctly. &gt; Expect people to receive the wrong packages. &gt; &gt; Expect there to not be enough packages of the type that people want. &gt; &gt; Expect accusations of deliberate and malicious insensitivity in both - where it's probably honest to goodness incompetence. &gt; &gt; Expect fixing it to come at great cost to the taxpayer. You're right, I don't expect them to be able to do something so basic but I think we should. Having different packs for different religious dietary needs as well as vegetarian options isn't difficult for a supplier to arrange, it's literally just a list of items.
Everyone can see it, some just choose to ignore it and some even choose to inflame it (see Raab attempting to fan flames on TV today).
I'd want Robertson too, far more capable and a far better unifying figure for an important seat. Cherry is fine as a WM MP, she's good at making Tories fizz down there and her recent foray into bigotry/divisiveness means she probably should at least be kept away from the most important parliamentary jobs (Holyrood) imo.
I'm not sure everyone would agree but I think it is the case, like I can't imagine an MP being the leader of the party anymore. I think it's the right way to do things too, we're trying to demonstrate the benefits of self government so you kinda have to commit to it and put your best in that government even if it's not independent yet.
Sure if you need a straw man to knock down by all means - do what you need to do.
No, at worst you'll get shouted at. Nobody is getting shot for trespassing in Wales.
Where do you think governments get the money they spend?
Brought back after a successful campaign by members of the Scottish Dentistry Association.
There's a complete lack of detailed reporting on this and none of it seems to match the scant detail released by the Aussie government anyway...
You've got it: https://old.reddit.com/user/RandomThought4U/overview Apparently it does pretty well too
Yeah if this is an option I'd say it's worth it, plus frogs are really cool. I've been trying to find out if I can attract slow worms in any way but nobody seems to know much about them and they seem rare even outside the garden - apparently they really go after slugs though. People also say ducks for slugs but that's probably more of a large scale garden thing, I'd love ducks but haven't got the room.
Her voice is weird. It's English, "something traumatic that changed my life..." but I had to listen to it about 4 times before I could make it out.
? you lost Scotland in 2007.
Protect him
70k+ deaths.
It's because it probably did go down quite well in her carefully curated friendship bubble online, it's just sometimes this stuff leaks. It's a social media effect, she probably had a zillion Karen friends giving her smiley emoji's for it.
Dangerous clown.
Oh yes I'm planning on talking about nothing else and then claiming it's everyone else who talks about it.
I can understand not having space for old junk but at least keep one! I think 20 from now those lamp-macs will be pretty obvious collectors items and at the very least of interest to museums etc.
You find the best salt on twitter though, the key thing is to not contribute to it yourself. Just taste it.
Agreed, first step should be expelling Boris Johnson as leader of the Conservative Party.
Gib is a colony run by Tory cronies so they'll just have to suffer despite the peoples stated desire to remain in the EU.
Doesn't even need to be beer - get a packet of bakers yeast, a spoonfull of sugar and some water in a bottle... let it ferment for a while and you've got the equivalent to using beer. Cheaper too. Careful to vent it from time to time :) They seem attracted to the yeasty/fermented smell and in my experience happily dunk themselves in this. If you brew beer then the sludge from the bottom of your fermentation tank also works great and can be diluted. edit: I make them out of plastic bottles too, cut off the top and invert it so the slug can easily get in but not escape. I just sorta lay them on the beds, slightly dug in and propped up on their side keep the liquid in but so that a slug can slime its way inside.
Aye, eventually. I'd like to think we'd demand it. Short to medium term though, it'd definitely be one of those things Scotland will be flexible over - building homes for nukes isn't cheap or easy and MoD have already struggled to find replacement sites, there will be an understanding that this takes time.
Grim.
Get into games that never finish. They're the best ones
Basically all the quality parts of Scotland go Yes.
All this fluctuation in temperature means my carrots are almost definitely going to bolt. Awful summer so far, bit like last year :|
It's excellent research, it's very important to put the yoons of ukpolitics in context.
Me! I do it by hand but I can't deny, if I had the space for a thicknesser I'd have one.
Of course he is, if he loses then he spends the few remaining years he has in prison. Hopefully he's still aware when it happens though.
I've always read that this is super disappointing because they make it sweet. I'll have to go to Korea some time to find out but if true I can understand the disappointment.
Oh wow he really is having a moment. Melania needs to give him a little extra lorazepam tonight
Oak: wet dog in a comforting, old timey dog by the fireplace sort of way. Not unpleasant, familiar. Cedar: heaven I have this big lump of old Pine I've been working my way through for years now (it was big) that is really interesting though, it smells very strongly of marzipan/almond when I cut it. The guy who gave it to me said it was just old growth Scots Pine, I've never found any Pine that smells like it since though.
Whenever one of these accounts does address that elephant in the room they usually resort to calling them self hating English.
Getting it wrong implies he made a mistake. He knew exactly what was very likely to happen (he's part of the same machine as Boris Johnson) yet they lied through their teeth to Scots knowing fine well what we thought of the Tories and their shitheel tendencies. You can easily see that by the fact he has never apologised, never even acknowledged what he did. Just like Ruth sweating her way through all of her media appearances telling us not to worry about brexit, that Boris Johnson is a dangerous clown etc - all shysters, all liars, all very aware that they were in no position to be making such promises.
No I wouldn't because self governance is never a disaster. Like I said, stick around - no cunt cares. You'll be like those Tories who won't shut the fuck up over devolution despite losing with 25% of the vote. Irrelevant but harmless, a sort of curiosity. Your culture will die with you and nobody cares. Just like Ireland, you'll be known as North Brits and become very unimportant.
I think you're conflating long term public health menaces with acutely fatal viral disease there. I totally agree that governments should protect the health of their citizens in as many ways as possible though.
Another alt
Ireland is very much richer than the UK You should do your research, this fiscal transfer you mention doesn't exist - look at how much Scotland sends to London every year.
Kaye Adams, nae hesitation. Shitcan her, change the locks.
I just use plain flour, water, a teaspoon or so of bicarb and a wee shake of salt and white pepper. Adjust for thickness, for home fryers you probably want it a wee bit thicker than they use in chip shops. Dunno if it's authentic but it tastes like the chippies, flour the fish quite well before dipping it to get it to stick better.
Silence, nobody will push them for opinion either. Standard procedure
See the mistake here is beginning to read the SEO spam. Just scroll until you find the recipe.
&gt;He said: “We have had some interesting nods of approval from Scottish unionists who have had their fill of the Scottish Parliament but find themselves unrepresented with no viable party to support. &gt;“They have been encouraged by us to take a leaf out of our book and take on the nationalists who are driving a wedge in the union that, if continued, will inevitably lead to a forced independence they do not want.” Devolution is as popular as ever in Scotland and independence is now wanted by the majority. If they're planning on "taking on the nationalists" like Scottish Unionists/British Nationalists do in Scotland... they're planning on losing, miserably.
Hey I don't make the rules, all I saw was Tories leading No campaigns (to devo) in both Wales and Scotland. I also only see anti-devolution opinion from Tories. I agree it does help them but a lot of them don't seem to agree, they and their proxies are the driving force behind anti-devolution opinion in the UK (although it's going nowhere in Scotland).
They mean "don't change anything!" usually. It's a strange thing to cling on to but hey ho, people need interests. To not be able to see that the age of the giant state broadcaster is coming to a close seems a bit odd to me, young people barely watch it and the auld yins that do (and pay for it) are dying off. BBC will have to change, it won't have a choice.
What are your specific concerns? Lots of countries have a public service broadcaster that delivers news, I'd just go as far as to hobble the budget so that basically all it can deliver is news.
A lot of people don't seem to understand AMS even now although I think in most cases it's willful ignorance. As you say, Wales and Scotland much the same on this - the only majority I know of was the SNP government 2011-2016 and it was a complete fluke of the numbers. Coalition/minority gov is the norm because AMS is geared to deliver it.
It's a few years on slightly higher pay before you have to resign though and he has definitely secu-bribed his permanent place on the list so no real risk, he can go back to being just another MSP.
No, that sounds rather like an attempt to erase Scottish nationhood in fact.
You can certainly make an effort, tax incentives for example. There are blueprints available for how to improve wealth (and jobs) distribution that the UK could try and follow. Germany would be the best nearby example.
&gt; Perhaps they approached the Scotland question already knowing the answers they wanted to hear This is it exactly. It's wild how they print it in black and white too, they have to know what the problem is. It's a strange thing to do though, why waste time doing a review? It's weird how nobody seems to want to pipe up about it either, there's no disquiet in the ranks at all.
Tories live in bizzaro-world where they matter.
You should, it's safer.
The trick with the hex keys is to have one of those folding bike tool type ones with them all, and a nice set of long ones in a drawer elsewhere. I worked this system out and it has paid off, fuck knows where all the 10mm sockets are though.
To be fair, what we usually see declared as a political donation is just for the shitmunchers to think there's some degree of transparency. The actual figure will be much higher and paid in a way that isn't as traceable.
Oh you make me feel stabby
And also her being a crook.
I wonder if Labour pay someone to come up with this winning strategy of telling Scots to fuck off
Yes it does, both are pro independence parties and we explicitly voted for a new referendum + it passed parliament. Scotland voted for a referendum.
Actually appreciate the honesty, it's rare.
? No they don't, pollsters are actually pretty good in the UK. Not perfect by any means but not awful. It's not regularly polled but Scotland does have the lowest level of support for the monarchy in the UK. Most countries are republics, it's fine. It's a superior way of being imo, monarchism promotes class divide which most countries could do without.
how does fishy work?
Discovering how neat Pluto is almost feels like vindication. Its planet status was torn from it before New Horizons had arrived and now look at it, it's beautiful. That said, it probably is right that we classify Kuiper Belt objects differently. Pluto was the odd planet and it turns out it's just one of many in its region that we probably should have a special designation for.
Fucking scumbags. The way the West and NATO have abandoned Kurds is fucking shameful.
Show me where it's illegal to leave the UK. I know you want to be like Spain but you're not.
Florida needs lithium carbonate in the water supply
Hah, as soon as I saw dual CPU and 2001 I thought BP6. Legendary board, dual oc'd Celerons?
On the journey side of things I think the idea was to create a sort of water jacket with the crew compartment inside.
Oh aye, catching the rona from some lobster thug in a Benidorm hotel sounds really appealing too.
And 1.6m against it - do you struggle with numbers?
Horsehead should be an official Boston Dynamics accessory.
That's fucked up. Then again, in my country we put them in homes that are probably far less fulfilling than this.
Well that's fucked up.
Is there a COVID-19 shitlist anywhere, for future reference?
She is like one of those brightly coloured snakes telling you to stay the fuck away
The trend is towards bigger rovers although the one launching this year is the same size as Curiosity which is already about the size of a small car - these aren't small machines now. They have good ground clearance, six wheel suspension/drive etc but can still get stuck I suppose and every decision has to be made carefully. I do wonder what is coming next though, I assume we'll get another one or two rovers before a manned mars mission.
Never heard of it
First stand on your roof or as high as you can get outdoors and see if you can get a better signal. Switch the phone to 3G as well, sometimes 3G signal is stronger than 4G and it can do 30mbps on Three so a lot faster than shitty ADSL. If you can get a couple (ideally 3 or more but you can probably work with 2) of 3G bars on your phone you might be in business. Antennas connect to the modem that Three provide, you'll be responsible for fitting it and aiming it though - they just provide a 3G/4G/5G modem. Ideally you want the antenna high as it can go, might have to put a pole on your roof but you can maybe piggyback onto a TV antenna pole if you have one. You then have to run the cables from the antenna into the house and to the modem, it can be a bit of work doing this so it's very worth checking the signal strength first. You'll also need to know exactly where the mobile phone mast you're going to use is because the best antennas are directional - you have to point them in the direction of the mast. OpenSignal app on your phone is good for finding the direction of the mast you're connecting to. If you can see the mast from your roof then you're definitely in business, line of sight is ideal with as few obstructions in the way as possible.
Neat, I'll have to try that. I used OpenSignal to get an idea of where the mast was exactly since it has a compass and points to it, turns out from the roof I could actually just see the mast so aiming an antenna was pretty simple.
[He reminds me of the cops in Fear and Loathing in Las Vegas](https://i.imgur.com/nPs4Zf8.jpg)
Labour's indyref1 stance lost Scotland for a generation and Keir Starmer/Jeremy Corbyn/Kezia Dugdale/Jim Uhu/Johann Lamont don't appear to have noticed.
Jarvis should be listened to, he was part of the scene that made being British cool... briefly.
Those city schemes are great and the right way to do things - disruptive and slow to roll out but the end result is a relatively future proof internet infrastructure. Cityfibre do the same thing and are rolling out to more cities which is great. Could also be argued NTL and Telewest did similar back in the 90s - they'd dig up entire towns over the course of a couple of years but the cable infrastructure they laid has paid off for those who can get Virgin cable internet these days.
Agent Johnson is doing an excellent job
The private/rental thing makes no sense. UK's e-bike regs need loosened too, people should be encouraged onto electric bikes, scooters etc. as much as possible. If you feel it necessary then bring in a special licence requirement, make it a day course or something to ride a 1kw bike or scooter.
This one blew my mind the first time I visited the USA, I saw a Herbal Essences ad on the TV and just could not fucking believe it. WHY
Well that's a stupid fucking reason to go to prison.
Thatcher stopped BT upgrading the UK's phone network to fibre. Nobody that came after her corrected her mistake. The UK could have been in an enviable position if the Tory privatisation agenda hadn't happened or some useless bastard that came after her had realised it. Just add it to the list of stuff we still haven't fixed and when we do finally fix it we're going to find it cost a lot more than it needed to.
