uhhhhh...
Bengals are a nice bet imo
Not a surprise he has trouble finding a girl lol
Wear pride shirts to work everyday and dye your hair
Yea you looked like it too
Chiefs and Broncos so I can run them into the ground
This mans life really turned upside down.
Mexico is one of the most corrupt governments in the world so sure.
Ravens: Regression. Will still be alright but I expect teams to adapt to Lamar Jackson heavily which will cause him to do awful. Defense will remain great despite losing pieces on defense. 6-9 win season Cowboys: I expect them to be good. The offense is still remaining along with a stellar defense. 9-11 win season. Rams: Will take a step down especially with Gurley being a question mark but the rest of the offense is still stellar. Defense remains alright. 9-11 win season
I have no idea tbh
You alright?
Kareem didnt even kick his wife. It was a random woman IIRC
Something Dubai-ish
AFCE: Pats, Jets, Bills, Dolphins AFCN(this divison can go any way IMO): Bengals, Steelers, Browns, Ravens AFCS: Colts, Jags, Texans, Titans AFCW: Chiefs, Chargers, Raiders, Broncos NFCE: Eagles, Cowboys, Redskins, Giants NFCN: Vikings, Packers, Bears, Lions NFCS: Saints, Falcons, Panthers, Bucs NFCW: Rams, Seahawks, 49ers, Cards
Its ranked by grades, which means teams with more starters without grades will be pretty low. Our LB core is also ass right now
He has been for like the past 2 months lol
Sup.
lmfao poor knicks
i wanna die
im in the west coast fuck u
win the super bowl
eagles or titans
word around is that its eagles
Hes kinda old and was injured
Hes literally the definition of average
stick kinda hard ngl
Maybe Bears, Chargers, and Colts
To our level its probably only those teams. Anybody wanting to get rid of Wentz or Stafford is a fucking idiot.
Bucs - Jameis aint getting what hes demanding likely. Barring a tradeup likely too low to draft a QB. Maybe someone like Bridgewater in Free Agency. Chargers - Rivers could get one more year, could not. Giant question mark. Colts - Likely draft a QB in second round. Bears - Same with Colts. Raiders - Likely draft a QB in later rounds to give competition. Steelers - Likely not. Maybe 2nd rounder if theres still QBs.
jesus afc wrs kinda sucked
damn nfc south hoarding the WRs
No
I mean he went to Berekely....not the easiest college to get into.
No Erik McCoy? Wtf
Shocker
Never forget when Seymour punched Big Ben
Olson is just a puppet. Gruden calls the offensive plays.
Too stressful and health issues cause of it
lmfao
yes imo
bad franchise stays bad ig.
&gt;**2005:** &gt; &gt;* Defeated Jaguars 28-3 in the Wild Card (5-0) Heh...
I think Carr is kinda in that Alex Smith-Andy Dalton limbo in that they arent bad enough lose games but wont really elevate talent around them. Not a bad thing. Just need a lot more talent around then. We're too low to draft a QB anyway probably.
yea the problem with Carr-Dalton limbo is that you basically need some talent at every position. we're kinda stuck with it now, unfortunately, but idk.
Agree. I think if Tua falls to us we likely take him
Also put both sides cherrypicking to make a point.
Texans sub has weeb flairs so i guess ill go with them
Al Riveron iirc
Well thats unlucky
Dont quote me on this but I dont think lying down and dying is a way to win.
both
lol
not yet bby
AHHHH SHIEEET WE GOT A GAME
Ok?
holy fuck what a start to the playoffs
HOLD ON
THEYRE BOTH GONNA COME INSIDE
Defense choked like shit at the end. Wasnt just Allen.
That isnt an official clock. Similar to how the yard line isnt an official spot.
I feel like he gets hurt every time he plays
probably high cause new england
hes good until you meet a caitlyn leona and deciede to commit suicide from clinical depression
No lol
they change them anyway
Not at all. This year it was held back by offense, similar to Steelers.
Patriots moving to Los Angeles
wow.
tbh i wouldnt be surprised if we did LOL
I mean his wife is fucking Gisele. He doesnt really need to worry about money.
Basically. One of the reasons why the Pats are so succesful is because Brady isnt burning most of the cap.
This year.
Ill take it over the retarded American Politics like bickering we have
yea it sucks. hopefully the change of scenery makes us good :(
yea its fucking bradys fault not being able to drive from the 1 yard line without any timeouts and 15 seconds
RIP
The Vikings wanted to share some pain from the NFCCG
70 yards isnt bad
gotta hit one of them
well most qbs dont really play til 40
Have fun in retirement brother.
These playoffs have been strange so far tho.
Well we had 3 good games...and we had this.
DK even bm'ed it.
I mean their run game consists of Ancient Beast Mode and some random guy off the street.
F
Because it would spam the shit out the sub
To be fair the Chiefs kryptonite are the Titans. I dont know why.
i mean they got one
Slight push off but isnt really enough. If defender sold it they probably would of got it.
The universe has truly turned around when Skip is defending the Eagles
Vikings &gt; Titans &gt; Texans in chance of upset
Famous Charged player Joey Bosa
Marcus Mariota
McCown wasnt a starter tho
Why is he even going for that tackle?
ok
doubt he falls to us
Hey Wade...
The dude really wants to be Public Enemey No1 to them.
big stick
nerf raven
ehhh maybe not 90% but yea A lot of people are pretty naturally ugly.
I mean...if someone close to me died, id prefer they died of suicide rather than getting murdered or tortured.
I hope they hire Hue Jackson
McAdoo brought a team to the playoffs technically
people generally like to keep money
all pro tight end Taysom Hill
damn wish i could be verified for advocating violence
Brave and really stupid at the same time
Las Vegas
Not surprised considering the news flow
idk but im liking Tepper a lot. Also Jerry Jones ofc.
....you know the chiefs and texans play each other?
hes not even top 10
Probably a C Compared to recent years probably B+
Both of them have been better than the Bills for the last 15 years but ok lol.
rakan can go truck mode and boom boom other team depend on rakan hes also a cucklord so rakan is beta
wheb drave titfuck fish
So make defense pointless?
its bill o brien actually
yes
wow you got them there!
can we not debate the rooney rule right now thanks
By rule it wasnt a catch(at the time)
You described 31 fanbases. The one excluded being the Chargers
Rhodes Open
That was either a complete miscommunication or a fucking terrible throw
"quietly"
The Pats without the Super Bowls
Saints lost to this LOL
saints lost to this lol
He definitely isnt lowkey. He has one of the biggest mouths.
"I just want to go home"
lol vikings
Hopefully this game is physical
yea i forgot every team remains the same throughout the year
its been over
our weekly stat
a tad bit specific but i'll accept it.
/r/Raiders
Definitely not on Lamar lol
Dr Pepper is better
The Chiefs are one of the last teams to trust in the playoffs lmfao
If someone is betting 424,000 I dont think they care
holy shit that window
he started two games in one of them he was a rookie
Titans likely going to the CCG after beating the Pats and Ravens. God's wonderful blessing to this world.
Yes He isnt doing good and the team is absolute dogshit as a result.
Good thing Browns arent there also poor bengals lmfao
goodbye Pee Pee
an asteroid hits earth and destroys every team except the bengals
he would be worse lol
The entire Ravens team went Jonestown
And the Titans are known for killing Chiefs Oh boy
The other 3 were just foreskin
fuck off
You know the MVP vote is already done?
I dont think he changed the game lol. No one is gonna replicate him
Sure i guess
Well...
what
Its only the first quarter. Dont jinx it.
Ive seen some insane comebacks tho.... Pls dont blow this Texans
eh dont troll their sub
YOU SUCK TOO
god the texans secondary is shit
lmfao this is gg
You didnt even tag him correctly you fucking moron lmfao
you score no matter what
BoB is a shit coach
Brady literally had a better comeback but ok
both but mostly choke
not even close as embaressing
nah the titans are just really fucking good
lmfao alright
GO PACK GO
yes
go back go
they already decided
They should of played monkey in the middle with their three QBs
Clowney annhilated that play
LFG
damn really?
go packers
no
no conclusive evidence to overturn
broken penis
Steelers HM Bears and Panthers i guess
Connor Cook talent lol
Birds of Prey is gonna be either terrible or ok
There's holding on nearly every pass play
no way that loophole survives the offseason right?
LFGGGG
thats for pussies
These playoffs have been unpredictable af so you never really know
Eddie Lacy obviously
Warriors Seahawks fan. Nice.
Titans + Packers
well thats a good comparison
BIG TITTIES
Disney Empire
yes
good luck with cap space
Ravens They just got dominated
Please give him a good partner
relavent name
Brady would be a lot better with Brees's weapons but Brees was better this season so idk. God help anyone saying Rivers
allah blessed us
IMMA FIRIN MY LAZOR
Hopefully Jeudy falls to us now...
RIP Terrell stock
Tee Higgins is pretty good
they should hire the astros gm
Hes gonna throw a touchdown to himself against the Chiefs again
oh boy that cleveland d might be nasty
He should. Terrible TE class and hes losing QB
Incredibly deep WR class
"where the strippers hang out"
is existence worth the pain
yeeeeeaaa...no. Niners are good but 85 Bears are a different tier
2011 Packers are up there too
There is no way Titans survive Brady in Foxboro There is no way Titans survive the Ravens
Subscribe
One of you guys better pick him up
Probably not even top 10
meh better than nothing
Brady is gonna retire a Patriot
Why Hawaii?
Eh...its a lateral change to me rn but I guess we'll see.
Didnt know you could lose IQ points reading a twitter post but here we are
7/8 seasons he played he was an All-Pro. Fuckin insane.
Pretty solid team. Defense is just gross
no
I combined both first team and second team
goodie cs
I mean yea the org was/is pretty shit Jihad is also a terrible player so...
Eh he allegedly beat his girlfriend a while ago. Hes probably a lot changed since then though.
Most people liked Mahomes, just not the trade. The trade turned out excellent for both teams.
What? Vikings cap is arguably the worst in the league next to the Jags
Getting annhilated by the Ravens probably also tanked them
tranny draven
Regardless if hes mentally ill or not the dude needs some fucking help.
The streets will heavily fuck with this
https://i.redd.it/leeu1suoj5b41.jpg
bullshit
???
Chiefs are loaded in talent, what?
Its pretty universally agreed Rivers was shit this year. Im a Raiders fan and I still think Carr is just average and makes some braindead plays.
lmfao this is satire right?
Titans proceed to win the game with AJ Brown annhilating the Chiefs in OT
Bama RBs are preeeety good so I assume this is a good hire.
Definitely no Falcons, Raiders/49ers, or Bengals but up there.
THAT IS A DISGUSTING ACT BY RANDY MOSS In reality Myles Garrett
CTE didnt help Hernandez but it was not the cause of his problems. Hernandez was just a shit human being and had a shitty life apart from CTE.
You know you cant get diagnosed with CTE while alive, right? lol
Raiders should own /r/Chargers when they're in LA Every other team should too
Im still kinda ticked off we wasted a fucking draft pick for him lol Late round but still
BENGALS
go tits
Raider Nation is rooting for yall.
Because the league protects QBs like a mother fucker
Lmfao are refs blind or do they want KC to win?
Reminds me of the Chargers
obviously can see the future
There's no way the Chiefs blow this shit right?
Lmfao stfu
Go Packers all the way Worst case 49ers win, root for them.
thats confetti lmfao
Shouldnt they still say why they originally threw it tho? Confusion would have been avoided. Im not entirely knowledged into NFL rules tho
If he has to be carted off...yea that shits shattered.
welp
Ill take a spotify sure
Its a very cheap watch that charges costly shipping and is likely worth less. Classic sale scam.
Welp there goes that SB1 Rematch
Thats just bigger market bias.
Eh. 2nd due to WC weekend. Divisonal round was meh. CCGs were dogshit.
Its Dan Marino or Jim Kelly
It really shows how shit the last SB was and I'm an anti-full offense guy
49ers feel a lot more solid all around so probaly them
This sub reactionary???? No way...
maybe the saints should have won then
Did you see the defense?
He's literally a downgrade
A torn achilles fucks up a career also a bone spur
well they still got a fuckton of money
I mean probably? Its hard to get a Super Bowl and their cap is gonna be murdered soon. He could have a better team later tho so idk.
We also held him to only 4 TDs in a quarter
Fuck no. They both need to retire ringless (unless its for us)
Tom Brady Probably Warren Moon or McNabb in reality
Titans run was fun Wildcard Weekend was the only good playoff weekend tbh. Saints and Ravens are the disappointments of the postseason
this team is fucking shit lol anyway, thanks for doing this series bro.
Kyler was 1st overall
2017-2018 was definitely more cowboys rooting for meteor
Lamar Jackson
49ers I feel like Andy Reid is unfortunately cursed
One was the Rape of Green Bay and a Patriotless game/Titans
Under Its pretty fucking hard to make 5
Popularity
Imagine if the Raiders were never good.
Jesus fuck get him some help already
Wanna kiss /u/nfl
If he falls to the Raiders ill be very happy
I love the Miami one.
&gt;Will Grier ROTY oh no
pretty much our entire fucking draft
rip gruden gruden connection
Trubs, Watson, Mahomes im not a gm
its good enough to the geniuses at /r/leagueoflegends
niner spooky
every one of these choices is retarded
AB never even said he had mental health problems. Its pretty clear he isnt mentally stable and at least needs some help. Its a fucking shit scenario for everyone, especially the kids.
Everybody but my dad was 49er fan in my family, I felt bad for him. Its been rough.
We're officially fully moving after the SB iirc.
UT is famous for jixning the teams he picks ;)
McDonalds
Im 99% theres a better coach on this sub than Luke
Stabler
Hes likely gonna be a CB3 or CB4 so.
Plague Inc is pretty fun tbh
yes
I expected nothing else from this thread
tender me daddy
Most Raiders fans dont support him that much lol
lol nfc
instantly
Waller is recovering from surgery
There is no way this even makes sense unless Stafford hates the Lions(I doubt he does)
(x)Doubt
wheres tom brady and antonio brown
who the fuck skips battle tendency
ill take the chiefs roster thanks
Maroon 5 just sucks in general
Id absolutely move on from Carr for Burrow lol
Welcome to the torture chamber friend!
Im just hoping for an exciting game after last year's snooze fest.
ok
I wanted Someone You Loved for the memes
&gt;"So when he was on the practice squad his rookie year, I actually called my financial advisor about him like, 'Hey, I really like this kid. He's never going to be a starter. He's just going to be Jason Garrett or one of those guys who are just around forever, but you'll really like the kid. full quote
He took the Pats from a complete joke as a franchise to a contender
free advertising
draven and thresh are gay buddies without the haram gay cant play that aggro when against him which kinda sucks. just bait out lucian bind
Best AP there ever was.
lolno
49ers get a blow out win no bias i promise
this will be civil
Broncos or Seahawks
N-word confetti?
nice pickup
makes sense
he run fast at other team
2014 NFC for the Cardinals-Panthers game. I dont care that the rest of the NFC was decent that game was terrible
yes
Hes going to play for three teams next season
good luck vikings
yea no shit
He wont have another shot but best of luck to him.
i fuckin hope so lol
I wonder how much the Saints game jacked up the 49ers PPG lol
Imagine the refs liking the Raiders lmfao
when castro comes back to life
i mean the dude is old as fuck if hes bad do you even blame him
this would be montana chiefs shit In reality this is probably just getting the sweet Nevada tax cut
Chiefs because Texans still have Bill O Brien
[It just doesn't look right.](https://pbs.twimg.com/media/EPiaSt0U8AMdzzK?format=jpg&amp;name=medium) Least Montana worked because both teams had Red
lmfao you're not wrong. Brady is any jersey besides Patriots clothing just looks wrong tho.
this is like his 20th chance
Hes playing for 32 more seasons with every team
lmfao rip vikes
Sanu was hurt the entire season and Edelman was hurt near the end. Every other WR they have is pretty fucking terrible. I agree Brady is showing age a bit but his weapons were fucking terrible.
Carr being 11 is kinda interesting
looks like we share the same feeling
He would probably beat Tua with a belt if he didnt want to go to Miami
....Did he steal your girl in high school?
Back injuries get progressively worse. Especially when taking a lot of hits. I dont think they should but I can see the reasoning
neck injury but he was already 39.
Where did I say I wanted him? lol. Im just saying his weapons sucked ass(even more than Carr's weapons)
Bosa got way more pressure. Maxx was impressive as fuck but Boss deserves it for a reason.
LaMarcus Joyner. Abram because he played one game :(
I also think it will bit a lot better depending on offseason but top 5 is still a reach to me.
cool
The news couldn't have broke at a more perfect time with all the recent news. Saints got lucky this wasnt a lot bigger.
almost like sports media is reactionary
can we play like this the rest of the season
it literally depends on the team
you jinxed them now they're gonna lose
namigoupmyass
Maybe not dominant but I think they'll still be good
Ive heard nothing else about this so take it with a grain of salt
It fucking astonishes me how that account has 1.2 mil followers
well shit
PREPARE FOR THE STORM SHITLORD
To be fair Cousin Kyle fits Current Anon perfectly
fed lux poster
retarde stupide
I wouldn't support AHS. They literally just bridgade and have done fishy shit in the past. One of the admins says he even hates them IIRC. Also Im not sure how Reddit admins aren't doing a good job in your views. They've consistently banned and quarantined subs that could be considered extremist/racist/homophobic etc. But thats just my view. Im also more disgusted by the pedo shit on this website and how it took ages for admins to ban /r/ageplaypenpals.
END THE DROUGHT
Saints bad updoot pls
/r/AgainstHateSubreddits They're generally despised by everyone for good reason.
brown
Brees bad give upvote also remember when favre did this
Most of these arent bad Also teens tend to say stupid shit
lmfao jesus what a strawman
Imagine Killer Bs offense with the current Steelers Defense Stuff of nightmares
Hopefully we at least get one in the 2020s :/
I hope hes fully back to form with a new recieving core.
&gt;TL;DR: We’re working with mods to change our content policy to explicitly address hate. [u/kn0thing](https://www.reddit.com/u/kn0thing) has resigned from our board to fill his seat with a Black candidate, a request we will honor. I want to take responsibility for the history of our policies over the years that got us here, and we still have work to do. lol
His point is there's going to be a spike regardless due to protests.
Both social and national media's power is fucking terrifying. The stay at home narrative got left in dust in a fucking instant
Twitter is so shit at enforcing rules consistently lol
post on /r/lux looks great!
Cool but he should be naked
They basically all acted for their own country which was cool. Spain was pretty fucked stilll from the civil war and probably would've been obliterated if they officially joined the Axis Sweden and Switzerland didnt want to get completely taken over by the Allies or Axis. Portugal was just chillin.
Besides Chiefs, 49ers, Saints, and Ravens. The Cowboys are loaded with talent but were held back by The Clapper. If McCarthy sorts it out they can be really fucking good IMO
2: Is 100% Carr
Peak: Gronk Career: Tony
ADS doing good work
lol
no because they're choosing to play and theyre being paid a fuckload
I mean if you arent enjoying it drop it. It gets a lot faster after Part 3 tho. I love Part 4 and 5.
Did he pay them for it?
Tbf Fox and Trump havent exactly loved each other recently. Tucker also ripped Trump the other day IIRC.
good
Its really fucking good so far and you could catch up to the current readers easily so yes
Gappy is better written but I love Josuke 1 too
I think there was some research on it and it was Spike Rush commit suicide every round as a 5q with Brimstone Molly
Jesus. What an absolute scumfuck to society.
must be absolutely amazing
Broncos winning divison over the Chiefs LOL
yea....no.
There's a bunch of softcore porn IIRC lol. Search up regular porn terms and you'll see
We should just transport these types of people to an actual 3rd World Country
Curtis Samuel, Arob, Gallup are beasts IMO
Nathan Peterman, Curtis Painter, Kizer HM Will Grier and Connor Cook
no still lux
He looks slow as fuck lol
Salary cap and injuries
i like how the og owner of that account gave it up lol
yea the country that went around genociding every asian were the good guys
no but he was probably losing value so he stfu'd
because the game still constantly crashes computers and theres ping + fps issues
yes lmfao
might want to catch your axes js
that fucking sucks
I heavily doubt its DDos and its likely just a big tech fuckup lol
Nah this guy deserves the most brutal death possible
...The fuck did you expect?
98 Vikes There was like a 1% chance to lose that game. And they fucking blew it all.
lmao they were disabled from the start
Game has packet loss for zero fucking reason
ours because we now have linebackers
Rivers
idk if best ever but the 2002 Raiders would have Prime Jerry Rice, Tim Brown, Rod Woodson, and Charles Woodson which would be fun 2015 Broncos and 2012 49ers would be gross
ATT has been falling for a while now
Well SNS probably doesnt have much time left...
lmfao
Hes played 2 playoff games
FYI Madden 20 trading is absolute dogshit Real answer is BoB Logic.
We won the game but 2016 vs Colts
Hah the MK Theme
Maybe Spain will join this time
18-1
I honestly think there is probably someone on /r/nfl that would QB better than Andrew Walter
Jesus that Jimmy G one
I was grown on Pepsi so Pepsi. I prefer Dr.Pepper over both of them though.
no
eu teeth
Also sharing drugs
Andrew Walter
Good but that isnt going to help him in election at all.
When game stabilizes apparently Probably not today
I mean he didnt deserve to die but he isnt really an angel...
holy shit
TIL Neoconservatives are neonazis
halal cock
:(
nah kpop stans are fucking cancerous losers lol
everything post 2002
you cant disagree with my statement though lmfao
He reeeeeeallly fucked up something
did he do murder for hire or something?
I doubt its club penguin with what his wife said
Governor
Nazi v Skokie Part 2. Ruling is correct. Fuck the WBC.
Bad but 90% of countries botched the fuck out of it
i dont care
Funny Valentine
Teddy
Madden The game fucking sucks but it helps with basic knowledge
Loma Prieta Earthquake HM Camp Fire
/r/ConsumeProduct, /r/ShitNeoconsSay, /r/The3rdPosition, /r/Chodi, /r/tucker_carlson /r/TheNewRight and officially /r/The_Donald are gone if the rumors are true IMO PCM will prob be quarantined
:(
lmao fuck this website
I mean....
Good job on the censorship. Glad /r/Sino is still there for the paycheck.
This was banned a while ago It was anti-Antifa IIRC
Chapo lol
Tbh they killed that sub a few months ago already
Its private not banned
API/Stat lookup is my biggest request
