No you're definitely hot. Not like Abercrombie model hot, but you could maybe model.
Easy to get there, no fun to be there.
As a killer, I can assure you that Claudette did it.
I was thinking that since they already did Coldwind Farm, they could give LF a map based on the abandoned theme park from the Texas Chainsaw Massacre 2. it's really cool, they could even have the fake mountain where the climax is and the underground portion.
The other guy was already opening the gate when David was standing there. and we see later that he did get away. David got greedy for them opening points. took a risk. didn't pay.
You sure he disconnected rather than you just lost connection?
what's that board thing that the score is on? it's not labeled.
unf
Freddy's not great, but the right add ons and only a small amount of luck early in the game can make him God like. especially since so many underestimate him. Legion on the other hand, I'm not sure i'll get him, and if I do, it would only be for the perks. but my two Doctor games last night make it look like the framerate problems are worse now, so idk.
he really does look like Legion from a distance. I noticed it last night in a game with both of them.
THE FRAMERATE PROBLMES ARE NOW 8 TIMES WORSE AND **NOW THEY APPEAR CONSTANTLY ON MAPS THEY WERE RARE BEFORE** WHAT'S THE POINT OF IMPROVING THE GRAPHICS WHEN EVERYTHING FALLS APART THE SECOND YOU MOVE THIS ISNT A STILL LIFE PAINTING YOU PICASSO WANNABES BHVR
wait what? after all this stuff about the killer being a gnag of 4 you just buy two more skins to make it so? lol I dont even want the killer himself
it doesnt even make sense. what about the sky spider matches any symptoms of autism? not even stereotypes. it's more like a cruel Roman emperor at the Colosseum.
they drop as other killers too. its worse than its ever been.
one of the other 5 I'd imagine. I'm imagining it a lot.
it's actually about coming up with a series of lies to tell the local gossip mongers to cover up the fact you're having consensual premarital sex.
DOCTOR CAN'T SEE THE AURA OF HIS FAKE PALLETS YOU IDIOTS CLEARLY DON'T EVEN TEST YOUR GAME BEFORE MASSIVE UPDATES
yep.
killer gets nerfed, so do survivors.
PS4. Doctor can no longer see the aura of his fake pallets if he runs the add on that spawns them. the add on's description still says he should but he doesn't. multiple maps, never saw a single one of the auras, even though the fakes did appear and I could walk through them.
I've also see it with Hag, and one other that I forget. at first I thought it was a mori animation.
Same here, going to quit playing until its entirely fixed. I really put up with a lot of shit these past several months believing their lie that they would fix it.
It must have, that would explain the brand be for and darker maps to hide it. Looks like original Turok on N64.
Voting with my feet over here.
I imagine it often. But I feel like deadpool is a bottom.
Good to know. I'll re-enable playing the game when the rest of it is fixed btw.
of course, gotta take it when you can get it.
Lol it just occurred to me that I've been planning to get Civ 6 on the Switch. Gonna finish out Smash first though.
PS4 Doctor can't see auras of fake pallets when using Order add on.
The hook basement is very bright. At least we can see how good the textures look there though.
I got merciless killer with him using only his 3 perks. Didn't get the trophy. Fuck this "update."
I don't watch streamers much but he seems to be including games with multiple DCs in his stats.
It's a catastrophe, unplayable most of The time. And that's literal, since it often crashes.
The glitches we had before were caused by the curtain call update. The optimization patch was supposed to fix them. It isn't coming.
If you can get hit by the killer AND escape, AND stay hidden while hurt. So situational.
It's a disaster.
Too OP to use.
It was always designed to be defensive, with strategic moves instead of good offensive attacks. That doesn't exist in GO, so it's no good now.
they're ignoring homeless people now. do you see them introducing any bills for the homeless?
In a documentary called Turok, they were highly aggressive and resistant to bullets.
I thought I was on r/partyparrot
They should the major advertisers know about this groundbreaking marketing research.
No, Turok did.
I love how it's designed to coincide with the new level, but they fucked the level up so we can't play it.
The only one I would buy.
God I loved that game so much, but it was a catastrophe what Ubisoft did with the sequel.
it should get a new move that lets it recycle lost HP by drinking its own piss.
the new content purchase PASS is an ongoing process. The first step of the PASS is waiting for the game I already bought to be fixed.
I am going to hate this.
skip the knife and it's 14,400.
I love the fact that Legion's power is literally to buff survivors. I mean, it gives the exact same stat effect as Borrowed Time, a perk that was always designed for survivors to give as a buff to each other for a free escape, often to great effect. Not only that, the status in question was itself even buffed before legion's release, meaning Legion's power power actually DOUBLE BUFFS SURVIVORS.
well his power is literally to "inflict" Borrowed Time's effect on the survivors, which is in fact a survivor buff, and was always designed to waste the killer's time while offering survivors a free escape. so of course it doesn't work.
my favorites are the one that teabag outside the gate, THEN run through with a trap on. I once asked a Feng why she did that only to suicide. No response.
did you have add ons or offerings equipped? I've gotten merciless 3 times now with only legion's 3 perks and no trophy. I had add ons the first two times, then tried it with only a BP offering. still nothing.
His name is Metroid, idiots.
well you can still heal faster with it.
Not only that, it can actually lead to jerking each other off.
yes, but with Blood warden active they can't escape NOED, and once they have a RBT, it wont matter when Blood warden deactivates. and now you've got two or more survivors running around crazy attempting to get rid of the traps, with and non-trapped survivors possibly dumb enough to stay and help. HILARIOUS
ITS EASY FOR ALL THE OTHER COMPANIES BHVR JUST ISNT DOING IT
WE ASKED FOR FRAMERATE FIXED LAST TIME AND THEY MADE IT WORSE WHILE ALSO BREAKING EVERYTHING ELSE
I BOUGHT THE GAME AND ALL THE DLC KILLERS BUT WHEN THE FRAMERATE STARTED GETTING FUCKED WITH THE CLOWN UPDATE I DECIDED TO SPEND NO MORE MONEY UNTIL IT WAS FIXED BECAUSE THEY LUCKILY ADDED SHARD PURCHASES AT THE SAME TIME THEY FUCKED THE GAME. NOW ITS SO BAD I DONT EVEN PLAY THE GAME TO EARN SHARD OR BUY STUFF WITH ANYTHING SO PROBLEM SOLVED
So they said it would be December when the framerate patch would come. It got worse instead, so they pretend they never said that. Now they say it'll be Spring. someone screenshot this one so there's evidence when they prove themselves liars again. I'll be back when Doc's playable again, I think.
right? they were already turning themselves in, **so the church could cover for them.**
I've heard that about her since even before Roberts came along.
shame he went fucking crazy.
Unsubbing until killer works on console, see you guys in a few months.
Correct. In fact, this is how we know that pachycephalosaurus had the "i'd like to see the manager" cut.
The subreddit.
Fun fact: they lost us all to Facebook because MySpace decided to allow massive numbers of bot accounts run by sketchy porno sites spam us. Nearly everyone on facebook was also on MySpace, and we were pretty happy with having both sites. We'd check what's happening on one, then the other. But when one has legitimate messages, and the other assaults you with 15 spam messages at a time even though you cleared out the last batch an hour ago, it's no surprise when you stop checking one.
Why didn't she just download more?
when my Mom sent me to get Wii Fit years ago, I knew that when cousins came over for the holidays, I'd have to make sure to casually mention that the balance board had a weight limit of 320 lbs, because two of them were well over that.
Hah I remember it saying that!
She literally started out by complaining that he offered her white wine instead of red.
they thought braces werent a necessity? yeah they're just assholes, im sorry to tell you.
ever heard of sea scorpions?
The framerate drops even more.
Maybe wait a few months, they just released Some updates that fucked up the framerate even worse than it was so it's barely playable. Along with a whole host of new bugs.
Console. They treat us terribly.
DIIIIEEEEEEEEEEE.
my dad's a huge gun nut, but i've had roughly zero interest from day one. once, he took me out in the woods to target practice with one of his rifles. he coaches me on how to hold it against my shoulder and aim and all that. he never stopped to consider how much kick a powerful hunting rifle like the one he used has on a ~8 year old. the pain I felt in my shoulder for the next few days took my interest from zero to -10.
what a time to be alive
I'm a doc main.
I'm surprised they don't have dead hard And adrenaline.
Helps with tunneling non obsessions, which is the only consistent way to counter Mettle of Man.
No, you just focus on the three who aren't obsessions.
Then survivors shouldn't be able to break the game with voice chat it isn't designed for.
Ok?
The gate's open. Leave.
The killer is also a player. If I get forced to play against cheaters when I don't want to, I won't play.
They could make swf unranked, just like kyf. Proximity chat could bee done too.
Yeah, it's unfortunate. That's why making swf unranked is the best move.
Why was she showing them off?
2 gates. one person gets downed with noed. the others should be near the gate to start opening it while the other gets carried and hooked. and if the hatch was closed without open gates, it means there's only one person left and the survivors failed already. NOED only works if the killer hits you, and if you're the last person, he can hit you twice easy enough. you cant open the gate with the killer on you, so NOED merely shortens a game you already lost.
I love it, feels like collecting more power all the time.
It can be found in most maps. I'm wondering if there will be an explanation in that new mode that expands the lore and backstory.
&gt;Fixed an issue that caused progress on the Deranged Pursuit achievement when downing a Survivor with the Deep Wound status effect from the Borrowed Time perk. hah, good thing I got this one last night with Doc.
a while back, I yanked a Jane from a locker as Huntress. I wondered why she didnt use Head On, since she clearly was planning it. I figured she got the timing wrong. I hooked her, then walked back to the same locker to reload. after I di, I took two steps away, and the locker flew open on its own with no one in it. didnt stun me, though.
I got stunned from about 10 feet away once.
This defeating the purpose of testing him
except they released the test build knowing it was heavily bugged in ways that wont make it into the final release, making all the test results worthless, since we arent able to test under the correct conditions anyway.
Plague is still unplayable on PS4, because corrupt purge often slows the game down to under 5fps. especially if several gens have been fixed and/or youre near a hooked survivor.
&gt;We'd love to address everything as soon as possible, but sometimes we don't get the chance to squeeze everything in before an update. they're making excuses for a fumbled release already.
Plague's framerate is still fucked on PS4
nah man, David wants no one but Jake. Source: my dreams
DON'T FORGET THE PEOPLE WHO UNHOOK WITH THE KILLER NEAR THEN INSTANTLY IMMERSE AND LEAVE THE UNHOOKED PERSON IN THE OPEN BLEEDING EVERYWHERE SO YOU ONLY HAVE ONE TARGET, THANKS FOR THE HELP BLENDETTE
Dwight's with Trapper.
No David's definitely a bottom, it's always the butch ones, believe me.
Ironically, the Nazis actively support corporations having that kind of power.
well to be fair, they're probably being camped. best to cut your losses at that point.
that's 3 more effort than they put into Ghostface's power.
I cant really play Plague much since she's broken on PS4. do people really refuse to cleanse that much? like they actually think it's better to have permanent 1 hit downs?
&gt; Bad plays by this killer actually won him the game in the end. there you go. if he won the game, it wasnt a bad play. as long as survivors reward camping, killers will camp. and survivors tend to reward camping a lot more than people on this board admit.
by broken, I mean that she causes severe framerate drops at several points throughout the match.especially when she's anywhere near a hooked survivor, even if she just hooked them less than a second ago, whenever she gets corrupt purge, and it worsens the more gens are fixed. often it brings you below 3 fps, not kidding.
yeah but with Plague, its a hundred times worse.
Basically when anything interesting happens or you use corrupt purge, her Frame rate drops below 5 fps.
I don't know art, but I know what I find bland and non-noteworthy.
Jake has cirrhosis of the liver.
I stopped battling because of it, just wasn't fun anymore. No skill or counterplay involved.
PS4 serious framerate drops while playing as Plague, to the point she's unplayable. especially common during corrupt purge being active, being anywhere near a hooked survivor, even when they just got hooked, and increases in severity as more gens get finished. it's especially severe once all gens are finished, and this was true even before EGC was released. any combination of the above factors causes drops to below 5 fps, not exaggerating.
yeah it was my favorite part of his power. I worry that they're going to make him bland. It doesnt sound like the dream world is that bad to be in now. You might get hit by a low quality slowdown trap, and might touch a fake pallet? meh. and the terror radius changing to a different sound doesnt really matter.
I think it's because WGLF doesnt actually require the "protection" scoring event, it soecifically checks whether the swing that hit you would have hit someone else if you werent there. whereas the scoring event can trigger if the killer could chase after someone else nearby, but goes for you instead.
it is. they're planning to nerf a weak killer again. it would take away the only real strength he has, which is defending a hook by holding the chainsaw charged.
what did it let him do?
not entirely true, they also care deeply about what rank 20 noobs want. for example, notice how the above post mentions how they're dropping Freddy's aura reading because "new players" didnt understand it.
apparently it's bugged? idk I never use it since it's so crappy anyway.
Of course.
Maybe she's just dumb.
I'd rather they give it a purpose to begin with. Bloody skins just aren't worth it, imo. Especially on killers.
Yesterday I tried to hit an unhooking Claudette, got the guy she unhooked instead. He called me trash for tunneling him. But it was only a few seconds after I hooked him that she appeared to unhook.
Well the fact that it rewards you more for being hooked then being downed is absurd.
well he must have invented the laws of conservation of energy and matter, so maybe he believes in recycling.
Frank was a dropout, and I believe the backstory suggests it's been a while since they would have graduated anyway.
Seriously, the number of people who reward campers is enormously high.
I liked it, had no idea this was a common opinion.
Brenda or I'll kill everyone then myself
Hard for new players
its still applicable if Nintendo still refuses to give meaningful updates to their games.
As a killer main, honestly, I should stop being surprised when it happens, but they just keep running straight at me. like really Meg, you expect to break my hammer with your forehead or something?
first hex I ever cleansed. I freaked out when it blew.
what? the first 2 did have DLC.
in related news, they're unable to get more money from me until it's fixed due to point of the game and cloud save purpose concerns.
there are none. there are new features and new forms of existing pokemon that could easily have been added to earlier games, but were not. it wont happen.
the models and animation are already done, they made them all in high quality full 3D before X and Y came out, and all were available on each 3DS game because of that. they simply arent releasing them all now because.........?
the best part is that the guy who gets downed instantly after the unhook always blames the killer. the other day, I hooked a Quentin, then threw a bottle from beside the hook. It revealed Claudette 3 feet away, who promptly tried to unhook him. I honestly tried to hit her, but auto aim sends me knife carrtening toward Quentin instead, who goes down in front of his hook. no Borrowed Time, no DS. he gets his second hook, and I left after the Claudette. he got unhooked again, but I found him several minutes later near the same hook, and finished him. naturally, he informed me that I was trash about the same time I finished the last of his buddies. ok bruh.
Its possible on PS4 if you go through a certain submenu in the dashboard's friends section. they could then use the app to text while having the game open. if you're on Steam, maybe they could do something similar. it takes dedication to their rage, but people do it often enough.
that's what he did then. there's a subsection in friends that's labeled something like people playing right now, and it shows anyone you're playing with, regardless of if you know them. in a DbD game, it will show 4 other people. the one who doesn't correspond to another survivor is the killer. you can then message them if their settings allow it. so you type their name in from the app, and now you can message them while the game is running. I'd imagine he used voice to text for that, and hit send with one hand while hitting "X to struggle" with the other. easy enough, if you're dedicated to borderline emotional instability.
probably had one of his friends check the name for him then, if he was SWF. preemptive trolling, they plan for it.
It's not meant to be good. It's meant to be a challenge perk.
I was riding high until the announcement of pokemon being deleted. I've been low ever since.
yeah but the claws....
didnt have sound on.
You can't even transfer many of the Old Pokemon you've caught before and spent money to keep in cloud storage. "gotta catch em all."
"gotta catch em all"
No.
Remember when they reworked Legion and Pig? It seemed like their ideas were from someone who haven't even played. Like they had just had the game described to them.
Keep them.
I actually didnt know it was happening this week until the posts about Keanu Reeves appeared. without Sony, the news didnt get to me.
yes, but the game itself cant do it now, because no data is aved to the cart, only the system. that's how Switch is designed. so Gamefreak actually has their shenanigans ruined by that now.
"gotta catch 'em all!" people who've always hated pokemon and have never touched it know this slogan.
nnnnnope. they've made many spin off games with only existing pokemon before, like XD.
they should switch to first person while in a locker. its weird that they dont, every other third person game does it. would really help with the atmosphere.
Truly the definitive Pokemon games.
In the ground, actually. It shouldn't fly though, for sure.
NOED has counterplay, old DS didn't.
Meanwhile here in 2019, the same number of survivors still use it after it was "ruined"
Slugging works fine if you never hook them, thus throwing the game. Juggling helps only if they go down close enough to a hook, otherwise they get free by the wiggle bar maxing, then they can use regular decisive later on top of that.
In thy mercy.
Yeah, they're lying.
There was a plan to have a giant trophy room in playstation. Home, but it never happened. They cancelled it before release even. A shame, cause I'd have logged in for every new one.
My fave was mew using toxic in stadium one.
His name is Metroid.
I tried to offer to farm last night, as the trapper on Haddonfield. But when I gave the signal, Nea shook her head no. 168,000 points later, they were all dead.
It's the Halloween skin, all glowy. It was on Ps4, and there were 3 party streamers used.
Don't cut yourself on the edge of that tacticool knife.
I offered to farm last night, as the trapper on Haddonfield. 3 party streamers used. But when I gave the signal, Nea shook her head no. 168,000 points later, they were all dead.
what time does it end tomorrow?
I hooked Jake at the edge of Haddonfield. saw scratches as I was hooking him, against the wall behind a bush. found Nea, killed her and Jake, then Nea messaged me asking me to be more considerate next time because "facecamping" is no fun, and I should think mroe about the other side. k.
they usually do. the other day I got a message about tunneling some guy who was hooked 3 times, each time with 2 survivors hooked in between him being hooked.
it also makes gaining points from killing the other 3 much easier.
Well the perks are still crap, but hopefully the character is good.
Sorry? He chose it.
Even that wouldn't be a legitimate excuse, since all the 3d models are already made.
Gotta learn somehow.
And the best part is, it would make more sense for Xatu to levitate while standing, since it's psychic.
Top of stairs and below the drops. They never see it coming somehow.
Predator looks great in the bottom one.
His perks still shit?
People said that about decisive strike, and yet I see 3 of it every match.
Anyone know what the "adjustments" coming are?
It rewards you for taking hits to protect others. Combines well with WGLF. Before, it simply rewarded you for getting hit, even without Any plan or skill.
I saw plenty of SWF charging it this way before anyway.
You may be right, we'll see how this change shakes out first.
I've noticed Kate's hair disappearing for a few seconds when I hook her.
I remember using him to catch Luigi.
it feels like a drag queen battle
it's fun watching killers learn when not to teabag too. last night I saw one teabagging the guy he was facecamping. I ran up for the save and couldnt do it because he was watching me closely to do a hook grab. but he didnt notice the kate coming from the other direction. She saved the guy from the right while GF was distracted by me on the left. then we finished all the gens. although the poor camped guy didnt make it. struck down by NOED.
survivor sounds work fine. it's the chase music that has nearly disappeared. Like, everyone complained it was too loud before, so BHVR has basically deleted it. hard to tell if I'm still in a chase sometimes.
yeah, i meant the sounds that survivors make still work fine. footsteps, groaning, breathing, etc..
isn't it great? I get to incapacitate two survivors instead of one. and then I down the first one and pick him up, all the while hearing the other one's footsteps behind me on my way to the hook. then I hook the guy, and suddenly number two is nowhere to be found, with large trees and rock outcroppings surrounding the area, while BBQ shows no auras anywhere. and they expect me to leave the hook to go search off in China or some shit.
they really should try to understand the balance of this game before releasing broken characters and perks. legion released as trash, but with a broken exploit, so they nerfed him into sewer tier months later. Decisive was broken, they nerfed it a year or so later. MoM was the most broken shit I ever saw. now they release Ghostface, after he was buffed during testing, with a day one announcement that he'll be nerfed in the next update. We don't know how it'll be in practice, and they expect me to buy him with real money? nah.
lol people keep saying that. yet as a killer main, I still see 3-4 of it every single game. especially in SWF groups since they like to use it to waste the killer's time to do unsafe unhooks.
my preferred counter to MoM was to ignore the obsession and tunnel the others. Sorry bout ya survivors, but I didn't break the game.
you can do it easy if you're hooked or dying. I did like 6 times last night. and from an enormous distance too; I wasnt even in the guy's terror radius when hooked, and I did it to him with the camera while facing away. add to that, I later noticed he had the purple add on that's supposed to reduce the distance that he can be revealed from. but he was so far from me while hooked, I was practically in China. and when I was downed, I was actually down behind some boxes between us, with my character facing away. but the camera is still like 4 feet above the ground, so I was able to reveal him and prevent him from finding the other guy. so between that and the fact that they've already announced some upcoming nerfs for him, plus Plague still making the game crash, I do believe I'll sit this purchase out. Oh I forgot, I also managed to reveal him during times when I couldnt actually see him. I dont know what he was hiding behind, but he must have been in the middle of my screen because the "reveal" noise was loud as hell.
H&amp;M's boxer briefs are fantastic.
it's pretty easy if you're hooked and a mile away.
I've noticed it appears less often than the other "rare" add ins.
Remember when the game had chase music, instead of a muffled murmur in the background?
But how else will you know you got hit by a pallet again and again and again?
Same with BBQ, but apparently it's only visual, you still get 4 stacks. Or so they say.
yes.
&gt;The suspect presents a risk to the community and his office will ask a judge to have Terry held without bond, St. Louis County Prosecutor Wesley Bell said in a statement. A hearing is set for Friday. so he hasnt been released I guess?
I bet he'd feel pretty stupid to find out it's a space station.
They hated Jesus because he told the truth.
They hated u/Cobra7fac because he told the truth.
Mercy is a mistake.
omg this is so funny when it's someone else's macbook!
PS4 as well. But it's not just if you vomit. Always near the end.
Yeah but did they really ban them, or just say they did?
I got into an argument with a white supremacist on Facebook a while back. He kept asking me to drive 4 hours to fight him. Then left a voicemail admitting that he wasn't sure whether he wanted to fight me or fuck me.
Is this a shop or did Scooby Too actually have a Myers knockoff?
not if he doesnt know where it is and is too noob to know what's going on.
seriously. the distance you can do it from is enormous. I've done it to him while I was hooked and he was WAAAAAAAAY off in the distance chasing others while my teammate was unhooking me, and I wasnt even in the terror radius, so it can't be excused as an anti-camping measure, either.
R/im17andthisisdeep
Well it used to, until the recent update made survivors once again spawn next to the lit totems.
Someone's going to be living in a home soon.
Pig and Spirit were taken while they were dying but not quite gone yet. Freddy was turned into a demon after death by other demons. Dwight isnt dead, he just got abandoned in the woods after drinking. idk about Tapp and Bill. so based on those killers, its possible the Entity cant resurrect people in the real world once they're gone already, but other demons can.
he chonk
Leatherface for sure, as he teaches the perk BBQ and Chili, which is easily the best perk in the game.
I'm gonna point out the timeline on the sidebar hasnt been updated since mid 2017.
I do it if their rando teammates DC'd on them. but if they were an obvious SWC, fuck 'em. they knew who they allied with.
I saw the Legion blade problem happen with just the purple one. I doubt they've fully even fixed it yet.
someone's in a mood.
what's great about Carl the cashier memes is, nobody would end up playing him because he's so big he'll be seen all the time.
how was it different than Myers? I havent played Ghostface yet due to them announcing they'd nerf him before release.
just noticed that. I suppose the Spirit who took advantage of it the other night will be happy.
wake up teachable basically doesnt exist, since it was a carppy perk until the bug came along so no one used it unless their Quentin wasnt leveled enough to have something else.
always the ones who teabag at the very first pallet they throw, 30 seconds into the game. Really Meg? you're gonna gloat about victory during the first 30 seconds of a marathon? ok then. and let's not forget their other big brain strategy: get hit 15 seconds later, throw another pallet, then waste their speed boost to instead use an insta-heal while I break it. we both know you cant do it again fool, and no one's getting gens done.
the ghostface update also broke spawn locations again. I regularly find it within 10-15 seconds of walking from my starting point if I'm survivor, and when I'm killer, I often find survivors on top of it right away when I run to it, or it even blows before I can get there.
Just had a Match where my partner could not heal, wiggle, or recover in dying state. Didn't try gens, I suspect that wouldn't work either. Pretty good job so far.
Fair point
share if u think kid's today are no good at obsolete interfaces!!!1!
...so he wiped once, then turned it around, put his hand on the shit covered part, and wiped with the other?
KID'S TODAY CANT USE OUR OBSOLET INTERFACE SWEATY
nothing really. the Republicans haven't decided on a clear line of attack for any of the candidates yet, so it's just generic pictures of them looking angry and turning left. Ben will probably come up with a slightly clearer message once he gets his orders.
any idea why Biden's license plate says "sleepy?"
no big loss.
the best is watching them with empathy when they're hit by a hatchet. take one to the shoulder, and suddenly you're doing some Tony Hawk shit from a standing position.
Autohaven maps are no good for her, due to the trucks with a magical anti-hatchet forcefield 3 feet above the hood.
one of the reasons I haven't bought Ghostface. even if the nerfs turn out to be irrelevant, I'd rather finish getting all the good perks on my other killers first. I'm nearly there though, only 2 or 3 are missing the good ones, with only trash remaining.
well it's Ben, of course he's unable to grasp how it looks from someone else's perspective.
iirc, Booth timed the shot to coincide with a particular line in the play, so few people would hear it over the laughter.
well he kind of did. Booth fucked the jump and broke his leg after all.
Not true, killers spend a lot of bloodpoints to fuck over the 80%.
Right? If the moths are circling, I should keep up the flame.
Does OoO still let you reveal Ghostface from across the map and through walls?
I seem to recall they specifically said this was a bug during the PTB and would be fixed once he was released... ok, reason #4 not to buy him.
this is way worse. calm spirit doesnt turn off Doc's power from a distance, iron will doesnt remove the sound of movement or take away Spirit's ability to phase, and urban is no good against traps in a chase, nor does it nullify traps that other people step on across the map. this is the equivalent of that.
THUGS R DUMB SWEATY
Why do people prefer manual? It seems needlessly complicated for no reason I'm aware of.
Has it been found in Badham?
Jeff intensifies
the next phase should be to take the ones who didnt pass, and use another chicken that plays "Africa" by Toto
dont talk to me or my son ever again.
If youre interested, check out this ground breaking [documentary](https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Blood_Lake:_Attack_of_the_Killer_Lampreys)
nose boops? how does that cause a miss?
I had a Kate and Nea duo that had been excellent loopers, spamming the red barn on Coldwind against my trapper. took ages to down them. except they looped together while the others were getting no gens done. finally all gens get done anyway, and the Nea is hooked after EGC starts. Kate sat under her while she was hooked, and I knew she had Borrowed Time. so she forced me to EGC facecamp.
"Resident Evil: Apocalypse" intensifies
it's so hilarious they fully admit that it's just because new survivors found it frustrating. no one argues that Doc and Ruin are op, and they admit they're nerfing all this just to please noobs even though it's been the whole time these were out.
yup. they've deleted the whole reason I use him. not to mention they've deleted Ruin, the strongest nerf they could have chosen, on every killer. So if this goes through, I think I'm done with the game. we all know there's basically no killers viable at high ranks without Ruin except maybe Hillbilly, especially on console, and now it's gone.
Console player here. just Billy.
and they openly admit it too. just because Doc and Ruin are "annoying" for new players. no one calls them op, just "frustrating."
the new Ruin should be how gens work to begin with once they're kicked. And old Ruin shouldn't go anywhere.
&gt; in reality it's more like ruin is one of the few tools killers have to buy enough time to get points in literally every other category.
Apparently it's "frustrating" for new players. nerfing a killer who's barely mid tier to help noobs. again. Doc was my main, and now the reason I used him is basically deleted.
it's definitely a severe Doctor nerf. he's my main, this basically deletes his reason to exist, which was his passive map pressure.
It's worse than that. mettle still does what it did before, just is harder to activate. but this new "Ruin" does not slow generator progress at all, it only causes unfinished gens to regress at a reasonable rate.... IF the survivors choose to walk away from them. and the killer can really only make use of that if the Ruin totem spawns in a perfect 3 gen triangle, which he can then defend until there's 1 gen to go.
More like dust off a different game. Ruin was the only thing keeping this one afloat. Killers will be leaving real fast now.
meanwhile, Ruin was never a problem. they literally admit it's because noobs found it "frustrating." in a horror game.
it does nothing unless you can keep multiple survivors off of multiple gens. which basically no killer can do until there are only 3 left. ironically, the original Ruin actually COULD do that, which is the reason it was needed and used.
those who stay probably will. and/or NOED. I suspect many more will leave, though.
people will say this is exaggerating but yeah, this is the truth. Ruin was the only thing keeping this game afloat above Rank 14 or so. Are there any plans to bring Last Year to console?
lol yeah. literally the only thing that could have made Doc salvageable after his other nerfs was the possibility of hitting more quickly after a shock. instead, they increase the time it will take.
seriously. the devs really have no idea that Ruin was the only thing keeping the playerbase afloat.
Yeah, killers who stay after this will likely run NOED standard now. But I suspect a huge number won't stay more than a month if this nerf goes live.
Except for CI, none of those address the problem of gens popping within less than 80 seconds of a game starting, which is why Ruin was the only thing keeping the killer playerbase afloat. And CI is just not nearly as good since the killer's starting point is erratic, making the blocked gens erratic.
M&amp;A always conflicted with Doc, as his TR is better being large before the chase starts.
it's especially funny when you consider the idea that this is really how generator regression should have always been. why let them regress so slowly, especially when one survivor tapping the button will stop the regression completely?
gotta love it when I chase someone off a gen, kick it, turn to chase them, then Feng steps out from behind a barrel, taps R1 once, then sprint bursts off to a God loop. Pretty good design so far.
&gt; And we can't even see Ranks on the Scoreboard anymore, if the leaked patch notes are indicating. Yippee! seriously? lol instead of fixing ranks they're just covering up the fact that they arent fixing them. and they know that this act of deleting Ruin will make it massively worse.
on the other hand, they're also hidint the ranks of other players, so now you wont see that you got matched with higher rank susrvivors than you anyway.
it had an 80% use rate because of the problem that gens are too quick to be fixed, especially above certain ranks. Ruin was the only way to stop this that was even close to reliable. That doesn't mean Ruin was OP. that means survivor's objective is OP. You havent seen discussion on Emblem changes because no one cares about whether they rank up, they care about whether they enjoy the game to begin with. without Ruin, there's little chance for the killer to enjoy the game. the games end far too quickly for the killer to have gotten a chance to find and hunt down survivors, their entire purpose for being. so they didnt have any fun. in fact, even with Ruin, the games tend to often go too fast for many killers to have fun at high ranks. the fact that the number at the top of their screen goes up at the end of the game does not cause the game they jsut played to have been fun after the fact. Indeed, it often causes the next game to be less fun if you rank up.
yeah, but good luck with that when killers leave due to the deletion of Ruin.
never had a problem getting killer games on PS4, while survivor times are through the roof, due to a killer shortage above rank 12 or so. and now that Ruin's being deleted, that's going to get worse.
&gt; no downside free perk pick for killers. it can be cleansed within seconds of a game starting. it's also not free. it's a teachable on a character who's paid DLC on this game's main platform. &gt; Clearly there needs to be pro killer balance adjustments to compensate, but this knee jerk Ruin defense is totally misguided. there certainly do need to be pro killer adjustments, and there are none. and likely won't be for a long time if ever, since the devs have previously said their overall plan is to focus on buffing solo survivors to the point they have the same level of info that SWF have, even though they also admit that killers are not balanced to deal with SWF: https://old.reddit.com/r/pcgaming/comments/dy4ynv/ama_we_are_behaviour_interactive_the_devs_behind/f7ygfi9/ and now they delete the only thing killers really had.
I suspect CI and NOED will skyrocket for like two weeks, among killers who stay. after that, most of them will accept that they just aren't sufficient replacements for the absolute necessity of Ruin, and most of them will also leave.
this sums it up.
Is the game scary if you can easily escape within 2 minutes because of the simple objective coupled with absurd level designs,, multiple free escape abilities, and your One enemy being designed to be this weak? Ruin was the only thing keeping killer mains afloat over rank 12.
My rule has been that the Mori only activates once Ruin goes down. So that's interesting.
I'm a Doc main. They've destroyed him.
The game was already biased toward survivors. This makes it worse.
Except that now Ruin is always down. If I still play, I'll be keeping that same rule, so.....
Yeah I was a Doc main, played him about a third of the time. He has no reason to exist now, this is worse than the first Legion nerf.
I have played without Ruin. The game becomes unplayable above Rank 12 as basically any killer who isn't Hillbilly, who I don't care for. No matter how skilled the killer is.
New skins for killers getting nerfed. Interesting choice.
better get used to him. the few killers who remain will be Billy or nothing.
It's obvious they're a terrible dev that made a game people like by accident. you7 can tell by the way they clearly dont understand what anyone likes about the game, or how it's actually played. it's not that surprising, given that all the other asymmetrical games have died.
they will if they get a game. and if it's a bad level for the Hillbilly, the only viable killer now.
they know. But ever since the first legion nerf, they've learned that by bitching loudly online, they can get killers weakened unreasonably to the point they're unplayable. it's manipulation of the devs, it's a form of trolling.
I know, it breaks my heart that the game wont be playable anymore when this is so beautiful.
it breaks my heart that my beloved boy gets his own music the very day he's destroyed.
I love that you're being downvoted when in fact, they streamed themselves playing once and thus revealed they are indeed low rank. and also they repeatedly state that all these changes are designed with new survivors in mind. there's even a dev in this topic who is defending the new Ruin with test results that were done against specifically new survivors.
lol this. the players who stay and dont play Billy will now be camping and tunneling with Moris for sure, since when gens get done fast, the killer is pressured to camp.
correct, but keep in mind this is in response tot he fact that survivors are going to blame killers for camping, tunneling and using NOED, when in fact that's the devs' fault.
yes, quite a lot
Im honestly bewildered none of them switched it for BT.
Yeah apparently it's possible on PC, like you exploit a bug in the controls somehow
Tapp would shoot him.
Seriously, that shit is Dead by Daylight's version of the Navy Seal copypasta.
Well apparently the devs consider it a bug.
This. Everything else matched word for word.
Surprising no one.
If you use Zenshin/Windows of Oppurtunity, you'll notice that each window vault has a cleanly defined area below it that glows yellow. using those perks makes them all look the same, even though the appearance may seem different depending on the wall/fence/level you're looking at. which mean the window vault points are already separately programmed assets that could easily be deleted or moved. So a vault smashing option is probably pretty feasible to profram in; all they'd really need to do is make an animation for the killer doing it, and maybe add some bits of rubble or junk to make it seem realistic after. and that last part would be done with little effort, given that every pallet looks identical in every realm already.
an additional problem is the hit animations not matching the hitboxes, even though the hit boxes are reasonable. combine this with latency, and it makes both look worse from the survivors perspective. there's also the problem that there's no mechanic for a killer to be under the pallet once it's down. So, it makes sense that both characters could hit each other simultaneously; why wouldnt two people be able to touch each other at the same time? the catch is, once the pallet goes down, the killer must be on either side of it, so they end up sort of teleporting to one side or the other, usually the side they came from. and since the animation is so fast, the survivor who got hit would see it as a bug, when it's actually a logical feature.
I'm on PS4, so no rank achievements. are they jsut for getting to a certain rank? if so, the achievments would be able to stay. they'd likely keep rank as something that exists but not use it for matchmaking, is what I'm saying.
If my theory is correct, destroying Ruin is the first step in getting the game to that trial period. It will get rid of many high rank players who likely are a small portion of the base to begin with.
they're obviously full of it, at this point that claim is like DbD's version of the navy Seal copypasta.
how sweet that you think they'll ever address the real issues.
I mean, I had an epiphany today. I think this might be the first part of their long term plan to rework the matchmaking system, including driving off the high rank players. I made a topic on it: https://www.reddit.com/r/deadbydaylight/comments/elzn8m/the_ruin_change_makes_sense_if_you_assume_theyre/
Saw this coming.
You clean your penis with it. Seems clear enough.
After that, they took away the ability for her to apply effects with her ambush.
I wonder if that explains the one of his books I tried to read. it felt really boring and I stopped a fairly short time in. I dont even remember the title, but it was something to do with an Islamic terrorist attack that targeted a Russian/Soviet oil facility, presumedly to force them into a war or something. It was blah.
no, they can use multiple, just not two turns in a row. that's why you can never defeat them by using a poison/burn damage strategy.
I love how they see an unattractive woman and immediately think, "feminist."
I love the casual acknowledgement that they have lots of gay porn lying around.
you know you're on a comedy page, right?
would this actually be possible? like you can trade for pokemon you didnt buy the DLC for? seems like a flaw in their business model if so.
On the upside, most of them are crappy.
Saving this post for 2 months from now when everyone left cares, constantly, all over the forums.
It's already happening. I tried survivor games last night out of curiosity for the servers. I got 2 games in an hour and a half. And they didn't last long either.
Not like this. It's already worse than it's ever been
Joke's on you, they'll DC before they hit the ground.
In reality, come Friday, the small town taverns will be full of drunk rednecks bragging about how they could kick terrorist ass but never get up off the stool to do so, or leave their small town.
Men change clothes sometimes, checkmate libtards!
Claudette and DC on first down.
it needs to have infinite range, especially since it only takes away 6.4 seconds of gen repair time anyway.
they're really obsessed with having "on hit" perks not work when you damage a survivor with your power. Thus, they gradually nerf various mid-tier killers who can occasionally damage with their power. they say it's for "consistency" except they can never seem to explain why each killer's power needs to have the same limitation when they're all very different from each other, and in faqct they can never explain why "on hit" effects shouldn't trigger from power damage to begin with. and even then, it's inconsistent. Pig can't insta-down you with the dash hit while you're exposed, but Billy's chainsaw dash insta-downs at all times? would Pig be so OP if she could surprise you with Haunted Grounds?
well it's useless otherwise. and I dont see why Hillbilly with it would be any different than BBQ. in fact it's still weaker than BBQ.
gens stop regressing the moment a nearby survivor presses R1 for a millisecond. Surge will only cause it to regress after the initial blast if they left the gen a while ago, which was their choice, or if they decide to leave the gen without touching it, which is also the survivor's choice. the survivor is still in the power role here.
Well it supposedly ate mostly fish, so an eel seems appropriate.
I tried it. Heard screaming ten year olds. I think I'll stay on my rocking chair.
I tried Friday the 13th last night. One of the veterans complained about Dead By Daylight because you can't fight back, and because "the monsters are so OP"
seriously, they have multiple insta heals and multiple decisive strike in that game, its absurd. and it doesn't help that Jason moves like a PS1 Silent Hill character.
I'm both hard and wet.
I saw this on syfy, it was shit.
as long as we dont get voice chat with 10 year olds I'm ok with it. never seen one of his vids anyway.
nah, the Flamethrower is Yogurt's power.
Well he was high at the time.
anyone else think the firecracker sound is bugged? it seems staticky. on PS4 at least. could just be low effort though.
Even then, I kept thinking Neo's fist looked like rubber.
The game design problems aren't related to the lawsuit.
yeah, but the base gameplay is shit for other reasons. the lawsuit doesnt force them to make the characters move and turn like PS1 characters, or make windows an invincibility mechanic, or give the survivors a bunch of free Decisive Strike items for if Jason actually manages to grab them despite all that, nor does it force people to roll the dice on what role they get to play as.
all of those things can be fixed without selling new licensed killers, and all the issues with F13 I mentioned can be fixed without selling new skins and animations for Jason. Yet it doesnt happen. even though the F13 devs do release patches every now and again. they did last week in fact.
I prefer Queen with Calm. forcing them to worry about whether they'll shock/be shocked by another survivor really fucks up their looping and hiding plans. it's hilarious when they run past someone without realizing and zap the Blendette hiding behind a barrel.
I mean that's a fair point, but it's not like it would take an enormous budget to let Jason bust through Windows. Or disarm traps at doors.
the only problem with Doc's cosmetics is they've never come up with anything better than the Hallowed Blight set. except weapons maybe
It's sweet that you think there will actually be a hidden rank. It's "hidden" because it doesn't exist. They're deleting ranks to solve matchmaking times because they can't be bothered to balance the game to make high rank killers stay.
The one in the lab can only be seen after EGC starts, because it's in a box that opens then. Maybe these bricks break after that? I know that this one was there before the map rework, but you could see through the hole in the wall then.
&gt; some people, especially in rural areas, really can come to depend on hunting to put food in their freezer. They can. except that your average hunting license usually costs more than just buying meat at the store. So people who do this to survive would not be spending the money on a license, they'd be hunting without one. which there are rarely consequences for, because you're not likely to be caught in the act, and game wardens dont tend to dig through your freezer.
does your father in law spend money on permits though, or just hunt "unofficially?"
delusions of grandeur are a major reason why they became white supremacists in the first place.
cheaper than i'm used to then.
keep in mind that "mentally ill" and "insanity" are two different things. depression, autism and anxiety actually are mental illnesses. that doesnt mean having them makes you insane. "insanity" is a legal term referring to someone who's unable to understand or distinguish right from wrong. in the least, anyway. not all mental illnesses do this.
Apparently the ones in south and central america are naturally thinner.
Does the foreskin actually move ? Impressive.
Id like coconut juice, bamboo shelf, mum cushion, shell table, shell bed, doghouse, peach surprise box. how about 14 NMT? that's 2 per DIY.
White phone box, pink and blue bench
Tha sounds good
sounds good but you know its just hybrids red im giving out right? they're capable of making blue.
well if youre interested I can bring the roses, just let me know the code in chat
ok let me know a dodo code so i can bring them.
Or they're toxic and irritating.
I have green
Oh I'm actually looking for the dark tulip crown. Would appreciate cataloging though.
I have t rex tail. I'll hold it for you. Already got the white humidifier though. Would love the candles
Cool
Narrator: they did.
Oh God, I haven't even thought about the trial. if it starts to look like he'll get off, it wouldn't surprise me if he has an "accident."
On the upside with Lovecraft, his racism was so obsessive that he kind of shoehorned it into his stories, to the point that the stories are actually better when you pull them out.
So I guess you could say they're.... Better Together?
It's a mutant killer sea penis from hell.
Ive got that bench and phone box, but my snack machine is gray
hoping for at least 4 streetlamps but gotta start somewhere. Lifeguard and springy, im fine with 1
red
never heard of it. unless you mean fortune teller stand? I have some of those
thanks!
I work at a nursing home. I often have to transport elderly people with dementia to and from hospitals. One time, an angry guy got up out of his wheelchair and took a swing at me. You know what I did? I stepped backward. NOT FUCKING BASHED HIM INTO THE CONCRETE. FUCK THE FUCKING POLICE AND FUCK YOU IF YOU SUPPORT THIS SHIT
Their job is to not murder people. That's literally everyone's job. The rest of us seem pretty good at it, even though we aren't getting paid. Yet they keep fucking it up.
A favorite of mine was this game a few weeks back, I killed all 4 with 3 gens left, double pipped, massive Bloodpoint gains. They ~~priced to load ask~~ proceed to list the reasons I was trash. For example, Im trash because Dwight pallet stunned me 3 times. In fact, I was happy to remove those pallets from play so fast, and also I was working on the mission to destroy 20 pallets. Thanks for pallet camping, Dwight! Next, they called me trash for using NOED. Except: it never activated, because they never powered the gates, and the hatched never opened for me to close it. So I slaughtered them flawlessly with only 3 perks. They also made fun of me for playing as Legion, who they called "the worst fucking killer in the game." This, if true makes them look even worse, obviously. Hoo boy, they were mad. It was beautiful.
He's actually ~~prey~~ pretty good, you just have you accept that his power isn't for Downing people. It's for disrupting, gathering info, and disrupting some more. For example, it's some times a good idea to give deep wounds to a survivor who's already injured, even if you could down them instead; by doing so, you reveal nearby survivors, preventing them from doing gens or being useful in general. And someone is going down at the end of my frenzy anyway. Who cares if its number one or number 3?
Haven't watched season 4 yet. I certainly didn't like Monty, and I really see no redeeming qualities. I was a closeted gay in high school, and I never raped anybody over it. Still, he was at least an interesting character, and should have had more than an off-screen death. that was a stupid choice. I mean, we at least see Bryce get killed, don't we? and he's a serial rapist.
I mean, it's not my fault if my dick doesnt get hard from watching a black man get dehumanized. I never see porn with black men in it. and I just realized, it's because I'm only into watching guys who are mutually enjoying each other. not watching one guy dominate or abuse the other. and that's the only option if you find interracial porn. so I just end up with video of white guys by default.
goddamn terrorists need to be arrested under the Patriot Act and sent to one of those black sites the Republicans set up.
Just masturbated, can confirm
Yeah. So um, I'm OP, and I've never seen this subreddit, and I have no idea what's points are being made here. I gather in being made fun of somehow? It occurs to me that maybe I should've included more context of the original Facebook comment. Oops.
ok then, fair enough. though my point was actually how the title of that vid pointed out that black men arent being respected, at least not as much as white men. recognition isnt the issue. Hell, I dont even recall the white guy's name after all.
chadder is crafting the golden floor, and Redd is here with the dynamic painting (real), amazing painting (real) and the beautiful statue (fake.) I'm looking for some items and DIYs: https://old.reddit.com/r/ACTrade/comments/h01a2k/giveaway_hybrid_red_roses_and_yellow_mums_also/
So "church" and "gay" are in the same building? Must be a right wing anti-gay church then.
hoobled.
cute!
Powerpuff Girls!
you should hear the friends I play with sometimes. One will get a pallet stun, then run for it. the killer goes around it, and continues the chase. "omg he's still tunneling me!" survivor has not yet been hooked or hit.
fun fact: the only white people in the Bible were the Roman governor and cops who killed Jesus.
ah I just realized I left Green on the list, I already got it.
I do have the white one though, if youd like to trade something else.
orange umbrella, hedge standee, stacked wood wall, shell wand, rustic stone wall, kettlebell, trophy case, natural suare table, pot, orange rug,wooden knot wall that stuff sounds good
https://thumbs.gfycat.com/AdolescentCluelessAlleycat-size_restricted.gif
do you have any stuff i listed? i pretty much have infinite bells and Nook miles.
AVery is crafting the Raccoon Figurine. you know the one Gary Whitta always makes fun of on Animal Talking? that. anyway, would be great if you have any of the stuff I'm looking for here: https://old.reddit.com/r/ACTrade/comments/h8jdvx/ft_fossils_diys_and_items_lf_diys_and_catalogs/
I have 13 of your wishlist on hand. COuld I catalog thr Rattan Brown, soft serve lamps, surf boards, floor lights (Red and light blue), antique sets, box sofa pieces, and cypress bathtubs? I know it's a lot. I think I might have more of your request lying around too, I know I have some cataloged.
still have the ironwood diy workbench?
She is. 10 to 1 this was taken near her ground nest, chosen because the rock camouflage her eggs.
My favorite is when it requests permission to connect to the internet in order to go online. Yeah dude, that's what I said already....
I'm actually looking for the recipes for wreaths and crown, unless you'd like me to craft some of the others?
hey sorry I missed your post, thats cool if youre still on
that sounds good if youre still on
sounds good, sorry I missed your post
sent
sure
no rex torso, but the ironwood clock is still here
I do have some green streetlamps if you want them.
reminds me of how Claudette is supposed to be a caring, empathetic person, but everyone who plays her plays like a selfish asshole.
the other Claudettes would care if they had any empathy.
DBD really should have focused on true horror and just told the competitive people to fuck off, the game would be so much better.
This one sounds good, link?
Amerigo Vespucci maybe? The continent is named after him ffs.
was he? i dont know much about him really, which is odd. we're constantly told about Columbus, yet Vespucci is only a footnote as to how the continent got its name. I don't know of any crimes against humanity he committed, but hey, if he was a shithead too, we can find a third.
I honestly never knew the statue was of him. Oh well, Bye Felicia. let's put up a statue of whoever invented Gooey butter cake instead.
I bought the full DLC through PSN and the charm hasn't appeared. I think it's bugged.
I had the same problem. The characters didn't appear, then finally did, but my charm hasn't. EDIT found the charm. Yellow rarity. Why is "rarity" a thing for cosmetics? There's no probability to getting them at all.
This may actually be the best map for Blendette.
survivors: "OMG PH is op devs please nerf!" also survivors: "it's totally reasonable that I should be given a free escape in exchange for deliberately getting caught!"
Kicks is visiting. he has green jester shoes, the green camo foldover backpack, and shiny bow platform shoes in white. I did just make a topic of some stuff I'm looking for/trading: https://old.reddit.com/r/ACTrade/comments/hb0lo3/ft_fossils_diys_items_and_nook_mile_items_lf_diys/
interested if shes still crafting
I have quite a few of the clothes youre wanting to catalog.
, I'd like the wooden bookshelf, bonsai shelf, dark cosmos crown, bamboo lunchbox, Iron shelf, Iron wood DIY, helmet and wooden block clock. Is 2 NMTs per recipe ok? And how much per gold piece?
Ukulele for 2 NMTs?
The kind who says she can say the n word because she plays Claudette.
I'd like the Coconut juice
Is 2 nmt ok?
Saharah is here. She has the Peach checked rug, simple medium red mat, and the black-design kitchen mat. She also has the parking flooring and the stadium wall, and I got the mangrove wall with tickets. Celeste is also here with the iron wand recipe. I made a topic a couple hours ago about stuff I'm looking for, everything in there still applies: https://old.reddit.com/r/ACTrade/comments/hbr6md/giveaway_lots_of_fossils_items_and_diys/
ok cool
ill try
how about 3 nmt for the bonsai shelf DIY?
ok
Yes, both. I'll hold them for you
Sounds good I'll dm
Yes I'll dm
If it's Claudette, I like to face away while charging, then quickly turn and down her at the last second. Fastest DC in the West, let me tell you.
So if you're celibate for several months, does it starve to death?
yeah that sounds good, ill send a dodo
is it the iron garden bench? if so, I'm in
My hot item is the iron closet, being bought for 18,000 bells a piece. Nook's open until 10 PM central time, that's in 1 hour and 10 minutes. dodo code is: DYVF2 No charge, but if you're willing, theressome stuff im looking for: https://old.reddit.com/r/ACTrade/comments/hcbrkr/ft_fossils_and_diys_lf_diys_and_catalogs/ Also Phoebe is crafting a wooden block bench.
Oh thanks!
~~Phoebe is crafting a bird cage!~~ I also have a bunch of free fossils on my paths, and I'm giving out some hybrid yellow mums, the kind that can produce green when watered. Current dodo code is MY4TC I do appreciate the blue roses in front of Phoebe's house watered. If you're willing to make the trek, there's also some in the top left corner of the island as well, in the desert. I do also have some stuff i'm looking for, though nothing is required for the stuff I listed above: https://www.reddit.com/r/ACTrade/comments/hcbrkr/ft_fossils_and_diys_lf_diys_and_catalogs/
no prob
thanks for coming, nice outfit!
Np
10 blue roses for 5 NMTs?
thatd be great can you dm a dodo code?
He was so shocked, he dropped his buttplug.
He did, but this was some other guy. named Chadwick something. never heard of him, but the news of it popped up in my feed. hence, I made this.
wow never heard of that. I saw the tweet, googled his name and thought, that's enough of him. I do love the fact that his name literally starts with "Chad" though. fitting.
Right after they release a wildly popular licensed killer who has other cosmetics, too. Lol.
Ironic, because from what I can tell, he's full of Beta energy.
I mean, it's the same requirement as the survivors' adept, except that they don't have to use crappy perks this time. Plus by not requiring anything of the Killer, he now has the option of farming and letting them go but still getting his crown.
I found one in the Game's bathroom, and one in Lery's outer hallway, in a corner.
I was so disappointed with how bad it was. It's an Fps where the weapons Dont reload lol. Apparently this bug is many years old, never been fixed. All the fans just make excuses and deny it. I traded it on after a week.
they really should do this in the future. some new accessory slots, used for this crown thing and frosty eyes etc..
I found one in Gideon's at the bathroom, another in a room that you enter the exit gate area from. In Lery's, I saw two in the long outer hallways.
if anythin, this is an argument for buffing other killers. the specific things you mention are the weakest aspect of those killer powers.
kind of always had a buthis face though.
only a beta would think that's the same thing.
Some call it "toxic masculinity." I call it "sexual insecurity."
which is weird, because in order to top, you have to be aroused by the other guy. so you'd think it's the other way around. But there's not much logic to sexual insecurity I guess.
Only a Sith deals in absolutes.
Ozzie is crafting a **Golden Dung Beetle.** Also, my Nook's has a train set (Summer), intercom monitor, and piano bench (green), white surfboard. There's also gladiator sandals and a stagehand hat at Able's. I am looking for some DIYs and catalogs if you have them: https://www.reddit.com/r/ACTrade/comments/he3puq/ft_fossils_diys_and_catalogs_lf_diys_and_catalogs/
it is, yes. the math is the same every time: start with 7 gens, need to fix 5, thus 3 left at the end. but they just. don't. learn.
I need this.
In honestly surprised they didn't just change the 3rd anniversary cake into 4th.
this is it. I've been prestiging PH. I'm finishing up getting P3 tonight, so intend to burn a few moris if I see a lobby of licensed characters. Some of you guys are ok. Don't play Cheryl, Bill and Laurie tonight.
I honestly thought they'd change the old one into the new ones, so we could all use the old ones we have saved up. but they somehow managed to screw that up, then screw up again.
no, i just mean they could have updated the old ones to be the new one. they're still useable.
MY Able sisters is selling the Ballon Hats (including rainbow!), the full body tights, and rumba dress. Kicks is visiting too. I don't require anything in return, but if you have any of the stuff I listed here, that'd be great: https://www.reddit.com/r/ACTrade/comments/he3puq/ft_fossils_diys_and_catalogs_lf_diys_and_catalogs/
sent a dodo code
Slugging is meta because of decisive strike.
I believe it was literally "Chuckles." hence the meme.
correct.
Chadder is crafting a **Stone Lion Dog!** I made a topic a while back with a list of DIYs/items I'm pretty determined to obtain, If you have any, i'd greatly appreciate it. https://www.reddit.com/r/ACTrade/comments/he3puq/ft_fossils_diys_and_catalogs_lf_diys_and_catalogs/ NOTE: I also left a small number of items outside my airport that are free, BUT please leave the 4 "cute" items alone. Someone specific is coming to catalog them.
And bad lighting
