https://youtu.be/Tp76cHN2FDU
Headcanon accepted
*sigh*
Why do I keep clicking on y'all's shit?
&gt;then complained that she used to be able to pull it off. lol it's been 1500 years and she still believes that.
Lol what? Of course not, 23 is fresh, 20 is chilly, 18 is sweater season. Our summers are usually 40-45 before accounting for humidity, which elevates perceived temperature to around 51. I once spent a couple hours at -4 and I almost died.
You don't even meed the root to know it's a slave name, everywhere I've been Cinderella is slang for "girl who is constantly cleaning after others".
Was it Sugar or Spice? Because Spice got the short stick of the deal. Also, what's that phrase a reference to? I thought it was the Powerpuff Girls, but the timeline doesn't match.
Anyone who wants to name their kid Cain deserves to have the custody taken away.
Twins' parents love to do that for some reason. I know a pair named Alinne and Eileen, but spelled differently to resemble each other's name a little more.
Why not just name her Kia? Has a little more dignity. A little.
Donte was obviously the evil one, right?
Same. I just go by a nickname now. It helps that my nickname is also a name.
Because that's where you live. In Britain. I imagine that for the same reason you don't see any US girls named NorthAme or Midwest.
Jacob's hatred of Edward also had to do with his own internalised homophobia.
It sounds like the sound a frog would make. Renesmee. Renesmee. *Fly bases by* *Catches fly* Renesmee.
I'm sorry, the most universal, widely accepted, immutable and inclusive document format is the devil? Fucking how?
TBF, southeast Asian people are usually fairly small and thin :p
I think OP meant simple less as in "I am able to enjoy the small things in life, and derive pleasure from wholesome, uncomplicated activities" and more along the lines of "mentally retarded".
Art can be used for propaganda. I could make an oil painting of Hitler as a bishi anime character and use it for the mural of a neonazi club's building, and that would be art. Satire explicitly criticises Nazism and ridicules it.
If it did, it would have already.
Corpses can't learn anything.
Haha thanks for that :p
It did throughout all of history from the beginning of society until around the 1980s.
It's an employer's obligation to pay an employee's salary regardless of whether or not the company is making any profit. If you can't afford paying to your employees you shouldn't feel entitled to having them.
Maybe River Song just found the NOS tank and was the first to use it on screen because who the hell flies a timeship in a hurry?
Thanks babe 😘
Almost any time I've seen the word "underrated" on Reddit, it means "popular thing I really like but because I'm a social outcast who rarely talks to other people and bases his whole personality on feeling superior to others because of my refined tastes in media instead of, y'know, actually doing something, I never hear people around me talk about it". They're just neckbeard hipsters, really. I guarantee that if everyone were talking about RDR2 they would treat it as pleb shit like they do Halo.
We should really drop their self-imposed euphemisms and call them what they are. Nazis.
This is the stupidest meme format and should go die in a fire. It's not even funnt, it's just "look, I can read horizontal and vertical text, like anyone who's ever done a crossword".
TBBT isn't even that bad, it's got the same sense of humour as Two And A Half Men, but they never groaned about that. They just hate it [because it broadcasts their own insecurities.](https://youtu.be/mhCpMLiarFk)
"I love a guy who's passionate about something, even if it's not something I like or particularly useful to anyone except Konami's bottom line".
Once there was one about former Amish people who left after rumspringa and I was like, "do you realise that's gonna be at most four answers, right?"
I like both, but I can see why someone would dislike them. That's not my issue. Why I hate is people treating it like it's an affront to comedy or "nerd blackface" (*eyeroll*)" just because it touched a nerve. Like, they're always bitching about the laugh track but constantly praising Friends, HIMYM and Fresh Price. It's just excuses.
Your teacher had the right assumption though; how could anyone possibly assume that their class could have *another* person from the neighboring country with an open border and that shares the same economy and government? People don't just move houses! That's madness!
Thank God, I thought I was forgetting my English.
Sure mate, whatever you said. Redditors have never condemned en masse a good piece of art just because it's popular.
Don't forget Community!
Didn't they use to say that about black people? I'm seeing a pattern...
&gt; It’s part of traditional Chinese medicine. So is poaching rhinos but we don't consider that an excuse!
I'm asking a question, jackass.
Congratulations, you're a software engineer.
Wasn't that place full of nazis?
I typed a question based on hearsay because I wanted confirmation or refutation. Y'know, how normal humans get informed about things.
Doesn't the American military have top of the line medical healthcare because of the liability that a sick soldier presents?
I know. That's why I asked.
I'm not an expert but I'm pretty sure that's just his accent. I've seen a couple videos of Filipino American people online and they talk pretty similar to him.
Kat knew it back on CBS.
Do you mean Kyra?
Man, why does reality have to suck so much? I just wanted to trigger Nazi manchildren. Now I'm depressed.
I love you for this &lt;3
&gt;That and Tumblr has always been sex positive and now isn't a safe space for sexy stuff anymore which is problematic for lots of people. Plus they've been conflating innocuous LGBT stuff with porn for years already; there's not many places with a queer-friendly community where one can migrate.
&gt; I'm not sure this can really be considered an article. All journalism in this decade would like a word with you.
I mean, they've made like 3 billion dollars in the last twelve months or so, it's not like they suck...
She doesn't care enough to know those things about him.
She doesn't know anything about how they operate or why they're so expensive, so I'm gonna go with a no.
I mean, I would do it.
Kids young enough to believe in Santa do not joke about sexual molestation.
The YouTube community can tell you pretty well what happens to NSFW artists and queer people using Google products.
If Zuko is the avatar then the genocide wasn't against the Air nomads, it was against the Fire Nation by the Earth Kingdom. So maybe Bumi would fulfil an uncle Iroh kind of role.
Well the middle guy is obviously a Sontaran so of course I choose him.
Exist and be liked.
&gt;Imagine being so decadent you get triggered over a word for a color in an old song The irony...
No.
Same way that Flash fans feel about Tom Cavannaugh.
It is for the Aasgardians, he halved them twice after they were already decimated.
He halved the Aasgardian refugees twice after they were already decimated.
The fact that you even wrote this comment is pretty powerful evidence that you didn't.
It's... not fun. Not for other people, at least. And this is a linguist telling you this, if anyone should be having fun it's me.
Don't make noise? If you need to do a Godzilla screech every time you pull up, that's probably too much weight for you.
Thanks! :D
They don't even plan on making international versions because in the short term it's not profitable. Netflix is making money off of it now, but it took them several years to get there and God forbid that the Big Four invest a single penny that doesn't get tripled by Tuesday. My options are Netflix and piracy, and that is no one's fault but their own.
What? Prime has ads? Whatever chance there was of me getting it vanishes with that
Have you considered that your perspective is racist and classist and you should shove it up your arse? You're saying that because I'm not a middle class American I have no right to entertainment. Fuck off with those thoughts.
Also, you can download YT videos to watch later and if you got Android 8 you get screen on screen.
But they are clearly not. Just because a rule exists somewhere does not automatically make it good or just. That's fascist ideology.
The Never Ending Story was too adult for grade 6? What did she want you to read, Green Eggs and Ham?
Oh, of course, the old testament approach to fertility treatment: just rape a teenager!
dude that was your soul mate you missed your chance
And Yaz. She would definitely be killed somehow for taking off the neural balancer. And it would make the others grief and the boys decide to go back home while the Doctor has an identity crisis. Which is honestly predictable but it's better than absolutely no consequences.
The RTD era was in *2005.* Gay was an insult back then, things were completely different. And this is a British show, and one that at one point had the line "I am a lizard woman from ancient times and this is my wife" shouted during battle. This is not representation, this is a step back.
Stop buying into Reddit's cynicism fetish, it's not healthy.
Welcome to the other side, bitches!
That kind of proves my point further.
Sherloque's alimoney checks list it on the address line.
/r/catsareliquid
Randomise both. Instead of white parents having white children, make it so anyone has a random chance of having a kid of a different colour.
Lol, have you tried being a minority on this site? Any thread with enough comments has a portion dedicated to how I don't deserve to be alive. Doesn't help that I fit in four slots (bisexual, Mexican, autistic, poor), but still, it's pretty wild to know how many people here object to my continued existence.
Deadpool is known for being unrelentless on child molesters, and the second movie actually deals a lot with that.
The racist are. The advocates for autism genocide, not so much.
The best part of this is that my voice to text doesn't pick up what I say unless I use a completely neutral tone and accent, so I just pictured a white woman in her 40s telling her phone in a monotone, Stephen Hawking-like voice "Ok Google, text Johnny that I want him to tease my needy clit".
HR tried to cut department costs by passing them up to general manager, now they can claim that they're spending less money while the company itself doesn't.it makes them look good to higher management as they can show it on paper and anyone who isn't familiar with the situation thinks they're more efficient now.
For a Spanish name it would be something like Domingo Torres, they just rolled on a foreign name generator and grabbed the first thing it said.
&gt; Unless youre in an empty cornfield, I don't think you can even look in any direction without seeing at least one brand. Do you have any idea how big the American Midwest is and how many hillbillies come here?
I think that people fail to consider that he's Swedish and not American. Obviously his views on racism aren't as nuanced or don't match the ones we'd like because he hasn't had the same experience or cultural upbringing. To give a different example, I'm Mexican, and I don't really understand what's wrong with the crows from Dumbo. People say that they're racist, but never explain how or why, and since it's not a part of my culture, I don't have a reference for how serious it's supposed to be. Felix comes from a country with a tiny minority of mostly white immigrants from the 70s. His experiences dealing with black or Jewish people before his rice to fame are likely to be low to null. And since Sweden doesn't have the same history of, say, keeping massive amounts of institutionalised slavery in the country or hosting holocaust survivors, he cannot learn those things organically. I don't deny the possibility that he does have some racist tendencies, but to assume that he would intentionally promote a Nazi agenda is quite a stretch. He's just an airhead who suddenly found himself in an incredibly influential position without planning it and is now constantly getting into trouble because people expect him to behave like an American Disney Channel star.
Unless I get engaged to a gemmologist, I doubt that's gonna matter.
If that's a public school, that's illegal.
&gt; it does not rhyme with "boot" or "toot"; it rhymes with "foot". I have several questions.
She was setting him up.
Hell, it's a good save for a redditor.
Måneskin is a great Italian indie rock band to check out too.
You know what kind of meals I love? The ones that require me to buy a dedicated, unwashable electric appliance that serves absolutely no other purpose in my kitchen and takes up twice the space it really needs.
Yeah, after they cancelled Peggy Carter I didn't think we'd hear her again.
It wouldn't stick out in the darkness in that case. It's a plot point.
The problem is not that she's black, it's that Rowling wants to play progressive and pretend it was her idea all along while that's categorically false. She wants credit for inclusivity when nothing about black Hermione was anywhere close to her idea.
The problem is not that she's black, it's that Rowling wants to play progressive and pretend it was her idea all along while that's categorically false. She wants credit for inclusivity when nothing about black Hermione was anywhere close to her idea.
Have you seen their Tumblrs?
Can you name a single American politician whose nudes anyone would want to look at?
Because you can't prove a negative, dumbass.
Maybe, but when they bitched about Obama it was shit like what kind of fancy mustard he ate, not how he paid off porn actresses to sleep with them. I've had to forbid a 9yo student from watching the news.
Honestly one of the two would be an improvement.
Sure mate, that's why Trump is a much better president than Kennedy.
Calderón, Fox was at least entertaining.
Even if you don't necessarily think it's wrong (which I do, but I'm granting that he might be an idiot), you have to know it's super illegal. It's not even a matter of morality anymore, it's the fact that asking a minor for nudes breaks a handful of federal laws that don't give you a slap on the wrist. For him to be in that position he has to know he's breaking serious laws, let alone the fucked up relationship dynamics.
Yeah he killed like 60k people in a failed War on Drugs, nvd
So... Hulu?
It's been out for a year and that line is what prompted the mention.
What race are you? Imma do an experiment.
"hey, dude, can you stand on that drain please? Just a second, it's a social experiment."
No, the way I understand it, the problem was that if Ego the body stayed away from Ego the planet too long, he would unlink from it, becoming a mortal and losing all his powers, while the planet would just become a normal place. And maybe that's also why he couldn't wait for Peter to be born: if he stayed the full pregnancy he would be a human before long.
That's because it wasn't your sister on the line.
Supergirl just did an episode of this, it was IMHO the best of the show so far. A good family man radicalised and turned into a racial supremacist terrorist because of all the alien invasions. S4E03 "Man of Steel"; even if you don't want to watch the rest of the DCTVU I recommend that everyone watches that episode, it was brilliant.
Someone might need a spoon.
I don't eat things to please hypothetical judgemental Asian onlookers, I eat things because they're tasty.
A Freudian slip is when you mean one thing but you say your mother.
Really? The episode where the Doctor's only contribution to the plot is advocating for children with learning disabilities to stop taking their meds on a children's show? Because even if it's not my least favourite, it's the only episode of NuWho that I could call actively harmful.
Are you sure it wasn't because of the shit you spew on the internet? Because I don't condone it, but I would totally see why someone would do that.
https://www.lifeafterhate.org/
It's a myth that you grow old to be more conservative. The truth is, conservatives are usually white, middle and upper class people with job security and healthcare, while liberals are usually the opposite of all that. As a result, liberals tend to die younger.
There's a transcript of the conversation in the article. How exactly can any of that be taken out of context?
Burger King then!
Donate it to Wikipedia instead
I'm willing to bet TruTV and NatGeo would be all over that dough.
Honestly, his standup is fine, but I just don't buy him as a late show host.
Yeah, I hate when white people generalise other races. ^^^^/s
Just stop talking about Lees on Reddit altogether.
Wasn't it already outlawed?
&gt; I'm involved with adoptions and fostering. I believe he knows.
I uninstalled the main app because fuck giving them half a gigabyte of space in my phone, and installed Facebook Lite. It only loads a number of posts and if you scroll down enough you reach a button labelled "more stories", which is what I use as a cutoff. I also disabled automatically playing videos and blocked notifications when they started to notify of every reaction and wouldn't let me disable it.
No that's why they change their shape. They keep experimenting with ways to give it more air volume and less dough so you pay more per gramme. Nobody's gonna graph and weigh it.
Really? I've got the opposite problem! I want all my inboxes together but it only shows me one account at a time. How do you activate that?
Nice! I can't wait to find the place where everyone says genocide against me would be a mercy!
Please tell me you left it in.
&gt; whose language couldnt be translated because they spoke only in idioms and allusions American English?
Jesus is God's humansona
1. Username relevant 2. Intentions don't matter for shit. Your actions are the only important thing. And right now, your actions make you sound like a creep.
Liposuction is basically the same process and it's also super risky.
An appreciation for equality and diversity
Sounds like you need it right now, babe.
Yeah, no, this sounds like a fragile masculinity tantrum.
News are not storytelling, as bad as cable networks want to pretend so.
Found one https://smallbusiness.chron.com/copy-yahoo-emails-onto-flash-drive-75565.html
Yeah, but we don't give a shit about fossil fuels companies, we want to fix the environment. There's a huge difference between the public wanting to sabotage a company, and core employees of said company sabotaging it from the inside because maybe trying something else will be more profitable. It's like Iron Man closing down the weapons manufacturing to turn into an energy company, except in the case of Milwaukee Railroad, *they didn't set up the energy company after.*
I'm trying to come up with the "prime minister" version of presidency... Primal ministry?
Yeah, I guess American viewers don't have much perspective because they've never been colonised, but to me this feels like Spain or Britain when they invaded the Americas and India. They barely consider the locals worthy of a glance as playthings and not people, but if they get in the way of the empire they have to go. Steven would be a Miguel Hidalgo type, a local born of imperial blood but in colony culture, with a love for their people and a desire to free them.
/ʃəŋðɑo/?
Yes. Like Anakin and Vader.
I thought you were a gay male.
Why would I possibly be trolling in my argument that people do not and should not use crack cocaine for self medication?
Depends on the country. Which brings up the topic of how much that money would mean in Latin America; the spending power would easily triple. Forget about bodyguards, you could buy your own cartel for protection. You could buy the Venezuelan elections and fix the country up. There's no way any one of us could pass it down and not regret it every single second.
Jokes on you, that's already my weekend plans.
Bisexual and y'all have nothing on me, I've got ya beat at this game.
What's completely inorganic, flexible and has the molecular structure of diamonds? They're wearing graphene.
It's free on YouTube in English and Spanish, looks like an official stream since it's in HD and no weird watermarks so check it out!
I think it's a hardened leather bucket, but exclusively made out of pussy.
As someone who grew up from church to church because of my father's work, I can assure you, most Christians do.
Look at Undertale and Steven Universe promoting messages of love and hope and understanding, and then look at their fans doxxing and lynching people with the wrong fanart. Multiply that for two thousand years and you get a fuck fest.
So Vandal Savage?
OP, is your title a Mega link?
I know that. But if you're not a graphic artist it's gonna be a tad difficult to get a cartoon done. This way the story gets popular and it creates an established fanbase for the cartoon.
I'm going to give you a comparison picture of someone who actually sucks at art so you quit hammering your own head. [this is supposed to be John Constantine opening a portal to hell.](https://i.imgur.com/UICC0N0.jpg) And I posted it anyway. Because it was a funny concept. There's nothing wrong about your art, just stop trying to be DaVinci and focus on doing your own thing.
LPT: once you hear of an investment with huge returns on the news, the bubble is gonna burst in a month, tops. You are going to lose money off of it. It's only profitable if you bought it for pennies when it was underground, unreliable and untrustworthy (and of course, you lucked out in choosing the correct one). When it hits the news it's time to start selling fast because you're gonna lose everything if you don't.
I haven't seen a woman who didn't share my blood since Sunday, let me be.
Sounds classist.
Sure mate, I'm always willing to talk. Especially these days; the holidays are too damn slow and I've got nothing to do.
LPT: carry a boy scout to all your military raids.
I just stopped watching when I realized that he was stealing stories from /r/talesfromtechsupport and passing them as his own.
Clear your notifications now
Literally everyone except Sony executives for some reason.
The male is half Indian.
Just avoid the American versions of anything. MasterChef Mexico is great, they cheer each other from the watching area and try to give each other tips. There was an Indian woman this season who didn't know what to do with beef because it's not part if her culture and everyone was giving her tips and advice on how to do it. Same with an airhead boxer that was super nice to everyone, he wasn't great at cooking but everyone loved him and several cried when he went home. The only drama there's been is with one girl who has a huge ego because she's a regional TV host, and one old man who was too prideful to listen to judges. Everyone else is amazing and supportive of each other. There's even one old woman who flirts very heavily with one of the judges and is the highlight of the episodes (she's also objectively the best cook so it's not just for comedy). Super wholesome show.
No.
Next thing you know Piers Morgan is campaigning for Prime Minister.
Yeah, nothing quite like completely fucking up national politics for a laugh. Dickhead.
If you know any Spanish you can check it out in www.aztecauno.com for free, although I don't know if it's region-locked; probably not though. I couldn't tell you about an English translation.
What do you turn after 18?
Didn't some artist protesting the vantablack patent make a colour that is almost as dark and much less delicate?
Doesn't she have lupus? That's pretty mean.
I am sexually attracted to airhead idiots.
Why are you trying to gatekeep addiction?
Reddit is not a court transcript. People rephrase stuff for emphasis.
Biscuit 😏
Hey bby u want sum analysis of colour use to represent character arcs in Edgar Wright movies?
Literally the only crime that regularly happens outside of the Yakuza in Japan is sexual harassment.
Same. And I like men.
Valkyrie is as powerful as Thor if not more, Shuri is the next in line to be the Black Panther, and Black Widow is literally a founding member of the Avengers. What kind of fucked up criteria are you using?
You're gonna get soooo laid someday.
That's because you use private hospitals instead of socialised healthcare like sane countries do.
High int low wis: Reddit High wis low int: Tumblr
Nah, they just do it because of the prostate cancer thing. Do you have any idea how much a dragon proctologist costs?
And Facebook
Further savings tip: don't use freezer bags. They're expensive and pollute. Use tupperware. It does the same job and you can reuse it indefinitely.
School shootings are a meme in Mexico, especially mocking or responding to American conservatives. Two I've seen recently have been: &gt; "Sorry, I don't speak immigrant" &gt; "Sorry, I don't speak school shooting." And &gt; [News post of the kid who sold hot chocolate to pay for the Wall] &gt; "NBD, he's leaving us after the next school shooting." Tbh the last one was kinda dark, but I've seen plenty in that tone.
Thus prompting Falcon to drop the second N-word in the MCU, after a pretty incredulous "really?".
Damn, that sucks 😕 at that point I reckon therapy would be in order
Oh right, I forgot America is two different countries coexisting in the same land. You can't #NotAllMen systematic bigotry.
Ben Shapiro and The Golden One
I think this is the first and only testimonial of the password working.
Y'all keep forgetting that Pokémon are not analogous to real animals. Most Pokémon need combat in order to evolve, and if they don't evolve at least once they can't breed. Not letting them fight would effectively lead to mass extinction. In addition, Pokémon with very low mobility like kakuna or Slowpoke cannot easily find fighting matches or breeding partners without human help, and some others like Charmander could die if they're not protected from the elements.
Y'all keep forgetting that Pokémon are not analogous to real animals. Most Pokémon need combat in order to evolve, and if they don't evolve at least once they can't breed. Not letting them fight would effectively lead to mass extinction. In addition, Pokémon with very low mobility like kakuna or Slowpoke cannot easily find fighting matches or breeding partners without human help, and some others like Charmander could die if they're not protected from the elements.
I don't have the infrastructure to give you first hand info, but all my friends on Facebook who have tried it seem to love it and a few even started selling them. I don't think I've ever seen anyone say anything negative about them.
Oooohhhh burn, I love it.
You gotta start somewhere ¯\\\_(ツ)\_/¯
I've gotten death threats for saying less.
&gt; However, we have the most Nobel Prizes, Per capita, or are you just bragging about how much you fuck and how much land you stole?
No it's not. The government just has to pass one law. Corporations don't want you to do it because it would cost them a tiny amount of money they'd rather kill you than spend, but the switch could be done in a couple weeks with modern means. That's how it was done pretty much everywhere else.
I'm pretty sure most kids learn pretty early how to read "Disney".
Honey Lemon is nerfed by the fact that she's a normal human being with empathy and compassion and not A PSYCHOPATHIC MASS MURDERER THAT WOULD NUKE A PURSE SNATCHER YOU DING DONGS
If you have a job that pays 125k, it's probably something you can do in Not San Francisco and you can move somewhere cheaper to do it.
Do I smell trilogy?
Everything about the Garfield franchise is mesmerisingly surreal. Do yourself a favour and youtube Garfield Eats.
Loooool seriously tho, millennials aren't known for our ability to afford shit.
Wait what. How does Australia function. Is it like The Bachelor.
From each according to their ability, to each according to their need. You shouldn't feel bad about not being able to do everything woke 100% of the time. As long as you do the things that *are* within your possibilities, no one should shame you for what you can and can't do, and if they try, they should be the ones to feel bad, not you. You have our support and there's definitely a need for more people to discuss these issues.
&gt; most &gt; ***most*** &gt; #most
&gt; Keep capitalism mostly as-is but regulate it better so it doesn't hurt as many people What's that saying about cake y'all like so much?
&gt; So you can have both universal healthcare and private insurance at the same time? This is how it works in literally any country that has any form of public healthcare services, y'all just getting propaganda from the republicans. It's not illegal or even difficult to get private are, and it's much cheaper because their competition is literally free.
Every country has racist idiots, they just don't usually elect them to office.
I smell merch.
&gt; Check out "Wonderful". It's a couple who talks about different "wonders" of theirs; just things they enjoy and are grateful for. This sounds so lovely and yet I can't help but think I will hate them.
Titans is on Netflix Mexico and I'm pretty sure Doom Patrol too. Just get a VPN. You also get Star Trek Discovery and most of BBC America. and I'm pretty sure most of Disney too because Disney+ is launching here on 2022.
Stop looking for workarounds and take a damn shower, you nasty.
Apparently this ks a contentious issue with straight dudes. Fucking disgusting. And I can assure you half of the people telling you not to shower are incels and Nazis who think everyone else is in the wrong for bot being as gross as them.
I was thinking of Misfile, but this seems interesting.
Question: is this one of those super depressing shows Reddit loves because it causes them existential dread and makes them feel smart, like Black Mirror? Because I'm curious about the show, but not if it's just misery porn, which is often treated like high art here for some reason.
u/nwordcountbot u/DayousJoy
Please tell me that is not Hong Kong.
&gt; Take the supplanting of the Bohr model or the introductions of quantum mechanics. That didn't invalidate Newton nor his work, but rather created a new branch of science. Physics major &gt; Ultimately OPs second comment could have been clearer. Misreading an argument and failing to assess which of the two possible interpretations makes more sense in context of the current conversation &gt; &gt; OP is a physics major. They're not exactly famous for their ability to read and participate in social interactions fluently. Checks out. When people use words like "sometimes", "certain", "most" and similar, it's called generalising. It means speaking as if all members of a group are equal because the anomalies are irrelevant to the conversation be it because of number, quality or any other reason. For example, when someone makes an assumption about physics majors and phrases it as if it is definite, the meaning isn't "all physics majors everywhere forever are like this", it's "a sufficient amount of physics majors tend to lean towards this behaviour that is worth pointing out, and whole that only comprises a subset of the whole, it is big enough that stopping to #NotAllMen them is meaningless for the purposes of this argument and anyone with the ability to infer implicit meaning would realise that it's obviously not meant to cover every single one of them, because normal social interactions on the internet are not legally binding obligations to explicitly state every single minutiae of a situation even when assumptions are reasonable and pragmatic".
Conservatives: Republicans have the best ideas for society! We have the best values, just look at rural Texas! Also conservatives: as a young, cute woman I am terrified of being alone in rural Texas.
Newsflash: just because something is legacy doesn't mane it not shit. In fact those are usually comorbid.
What happened to the other 6,000?
If someone deserves to live and dies, and you can't make them be alive, then if someone deserves to die and lives, you can't make them be dead. Or rather, you shouldn't. It would be arrogant and unjust.
I'm Mexican. I've got Resting Older Brother Face and kids around tend to be friendly towards me. I don't usually interact beyond a smile or answering a question, and the parents usually smile at me like "oh, my silly child, I hope they're not bothering you". I've never even gotten a bad look. My grandma is way bolder; despite our repeated warnings she always jokes with the kids about wanting to take them to her home if they don't behave. Only one time I've seen anyone get mad about it; most people either don't care or get in on the joke. We keep telling her to stop doing it, but honestly nothing bad has ever come out of it.
Did you mean: ***parenthood?***
You should pull a Thor and rename Ant-Man and Spider-Man as "Man of Ant" and "Man of Spider".
Oy, you wanna be a mod? 'cuz this is how you turn into a mod.
If Trump decides to start painting right now I guarantee you that he'll make millions. Doesn't mean he's any good tho.
B99 doesn't make me lime cops, it makes me like the B99 universe where cops are mostly good people who care about serving the community. The more I watch it the more I can't help but notice the complete dissonance between the 99 and real life pigs. And that's true of Michael Shur's other shows: Parks and Rec definitely doesn't reflect the reality of government officials, and The Good Place shows a more charitable and fair afterlife than most religions, even considering recent plot developments. Overall, it's impossible not to notice how the Shurniverse is much nicer than ours.
Yeah, we do get along swimmingly, you guys suck and ruin everything, including this post.
So that's why he looked weird!
It took me until seeing Miracle Workers and Good Omens back to back to realise that Amazon actually has good shows and it's not just luck. They've been at it for what, five years? And I've barely heard any praise for anything they've done besides American Gods, which I didn't like because it felt too slow.
Yeah, they just need to recreate the success of the most watched TV show of all time on a non mainstream platform, no biggie.
*fanfic intensifies*
Yeah, she looks so fucking young. It's been less than 30 years since that and time hasn't been kind to her.
I mean, it's entergaging. Entertaining and engaging.
Yes that was the stupidest plot line ever. Children's consent is worthless when they're at an age where they can be easily manipulated into doing whatever a trustworthy-looking adult tells them, just as Grace did in the season finale. It's their Guardians' call whenever it's a medical situation. This time it was the heroes getting consent for medicine, but it could have just as easily been a much darker situation and "she gave me her consent, officer, I swear!" Wouldn't fly so well.
Shit gurl, how can you be hot in both genders while I can barely fo average in one?
If you think that way about children you should never be a teacher.
Yes, for the last four years.
Also, Andrew Garfield hating Mondays and loving lasagna.
Nope, what we know is that it has the consonants YHWH, but the vowels were lost to time since language constantly changes and Jews pronounce "Elohim" (Lit. The Lord) instead of saying the name out of respect, so after a couple generations nobody actually knew how to read it. Yahweh is an educated guess but nothing verifiable.
&gt; I'll see some far-right people announce their unsubscription when Phil drops a lukewarm progressive take, which tells me that until that point in time, they felt encouraged and welcomed by Phil's content. That's kind of a pretty fucking stupid metric to judge someone. That's like saying that if the fat guys leave the buffet queue when the salad arrives that means previously they only served big macs; it's overreaching and trying to deduce ab entire lore out of a tiny fragment of information. Also, I know y'all Americans have been brainwashed by cable for decades, but the news are *supposed* to be as unbiased as possible. Newscasters should not be political commentators. Opinion pieces have their place and they're definitely important, but that place isn't the news.
Shit if that's the only requirement I think we should nominate Sandra Bullock for 2020, she did Gravity AND Birdbox, she's more qualified than any of the 372 candidates so far.
It even went into a meta level: the theory that Isayama is a neo Nazi is completely obliterated by the last few seconds of episode 7. It makes the entire lore infinitely deeper and more nuanced than it had ever been. I think it cemented him as one of the greatest writers of the modern era, at the very least for television.
She's an artist, they're all narcissists. Doesn't mean she doesn't actually care about this.
I don't disagree with your opinion.
I've known lactating women with those "kinda loli" boobs. The big ones aren't even a human size, or at least not one you're likely to encounter. These people genuinely haven't seen any boobs that aren't from anime in years, if ever, and have no idea how bodies function. This is why Hayao Miyazaki disowned modern anime, it just recreates copies of copies of copies of exaggerated features. There's no nature in it anymore. It's just lonely men masturbating to a protractor and a palette.
So far.
Guantanamo bay is another location on the shopping list.
Fuck off.
If Osama bin Laden looked like Rami Malek he'd have a fanclub too.
Never did I say kidnap.
Are concentration camps and cities without water not enough for- Oh, you're white. I get it. Do what you want, you have the government you deserve.
I'm going to make it a WhatsApp sticker.
Lol what?
&gt; "Nobody in this section of the community believes that old threadbare lie that Negro men rape white women. If Southern men are not careful, a conclusion might be reached which will be very damaging to the moral reputation of their women." Sick burn. She basically called them cucks to their faces.
You can! Just Snatch their textbooks and ask them questions about what you don't get!
Honestly with this pitch video I'd buy a couple bottles.
I'm not ready to be a father.
Mod here. As much as you may be right in the strictest se se of the word, this argument is often used in bad faith as a tool for queer erasure, and in fact that is the main reason why I made this subreddit. Just because the labels don't exactly match doesn't mean that same sex love or gender dysphoria didn't exist in the past, but conservative academia loves to pretend so. The point of this place is to compile documented cases of non heterosexual historical and modern figures and scenes, and keep the discussion of their stories alive, so that young gays have role models to look up to. That's why we should refer to them as gay, even if they wouldn't have used the label: because they're our symbols, our cultural heritage and the closest thing to ancestors we have.
These are the actual lyrics of the song: &gt; Why are you mad? &gt; When you could be GLAAD? (You could be GLAAD) &gt; Sunshine on the street at the parade &gt; But you would rather be in the dark age &gt; Just makin' that sign must've taken all night &gt; You just need to take several seats and then try to restore the peace &gt; And control your urges to scream about all the people you hate &gt; 'Cause shade never made anybody less gay That's in a video starring the Fab 5, Ellen DeGeneres and Rupaul, plus the singer of "I kissed a girl". The only way this video could possibly be gayer is if Taylor and Kate started to scissor on screen.
Nope, it was forbidden to show pregnancy back then because it's suggestive of sex.
As a Mexican, white racists in the South can fuck off. They stole that land from us and then act surprised that we still live there. "Go back to your country", how about you give us our country back?
Dammit, I should've gone with that instead!
Not all children are six months old.
There were, however, laws about slavery in Mexico that they broke when they settled in our northern states, and instead of following the law and releasing all their slaves they instead decided to fight a war to steal that land. So even if they don't consider the Native claim valid because there were no laws broken (which is complete bullshit from every possible angle), they did violate Mexican law, and their response was to just take the land, kick out the Mexicans and then claim that we are the invaders. So from any side you view it, they have no legs to stand on.
Yes.
This counts as a terrorist threat, right? I'm not American, but I'm sure you can tip the FBI on this one.
Make him watch the Jenny Nicholson video. Better yet, watch it with him and report back his reaction. https://youtu.be/-wG9m-eYNiM
We still don't. We get the day off from school/work, but there's no party or anything. Only Puebla, the city where it happened, does anything major.
&gt; you cannot do what he did just by being charismatic, Have you watched the news in the last few years?
Honestly I wouldn't be mad. It would get rid of society, capitalism, war and other stuff because we simply wouldn't have time. Just have children and die two years later, let the cousins take care. It would make us more peaceful and bring us together.
Look at the world. Would that be so bad at this point?
Mexico
[SASS.MP4](https://youtu.be/5vHHfzGnKyg)
I don't think I can ever recommend Baby Driver to anyone anymore tho 😔
It's just how every dog is a boy and every cat is a girl.
Booooo
If you have the money give it to a charity instead. But thanks.
I literally just got the notification that it's up!
He just uploaded!
Thanks :)
I have no idea how time works in this show, I assumed it's been like five years since his first fight.
I'm stealing this for a sitcom episode plot.
Plenty of them could go if it were free.
So... Medieval Europe when they conquered the Americas? Because the Aztecs had actual sewage as opposed to dumping it on the streets.
Cursed flair
It's gonna lose sooo much money.
It's pretty racist tho. https://youtu.be/hihKrHP9aMc
It's also pretty racist. https://youtu.be/hihKrHP9aMc
Fun fact: SailorUranus was a tentative name for this subreddit, but it was too easy to pun.
&gt; Why would they need to change Mysterio? In order to introduce the concept of a multiverse?
I admire the dedication.
No need to be a cynical asshole, either. I guess needless things are part of Reddit.
I think there was some truth to it about 10 years ago, and it kind of still happens sparingly, but on the whole I think it's a dead meme by now. I do remember a lot more "meat is murder!" Comments back then, but honestly, most people complaining about vegans are just old and tired people who got stuck on 2005 memes and can't grow past that.
Even if he were, by definition he can't commit sedition. According to Wikipedia: &gt; Sedition is overt conduct, such as speech and organization, that tends toward insurrection against the established order. Sedition often includes subversionof a constitution and incitement of discontent towards, or resistance against established authority. Sedition may include any commotion, though not aimed at direct and open violence against the laws. Seditious words in writing are seditious libel. A seditionist is one who engages in or promotes the interest of sedition. Given that the president *is* the established authority, with only the constitution above him, no military moves of his cab ever be considered to go against the authority unless he, say, offered to surrender the nation to an empire, which would go against principles of sovereignty established in the constitution. The Mexican Cession, for example, is considered to be done by a seditious Mexican president in that regard, and he's treated as a traitor ever since. Short of that, a president cannot commit sedition.
Ultra Nerds and their strict parents used their potential PhD as foreplay the night of conception.
So you understand that you are talking about something different than everyone else here, but are choosing to deliberately misinterpret it to be contrarian just for the sake of being "technically right" in an argument no one but yourself is having? Sod off.
Sorry mate, I'm gonna owe you this one. I've been trying for a while to decipher the book passages, but I cannot figure out certain crucial things without having read the whole thing, and at this time that's not entirely a possibility for me. Should've kept my big mouth shut I guess. We did get something semi conclusive from the tweets, though, so it's not all lost. Sorry for the disappointment, this is bigger than me. Next time I'll shoot lower.
Don't apologise for needing to be heard. Unfortunately, I'm not really in the best position to advice you about this topic, since I still dread the day I need to have that conversation with my own family. Regardless, this is the kind of thing that will require being frank and direct about your feelings, so I would suggest that you sit your parent(s) down and try to have an honest conversation about the topic, hope for the best, and then it will be easier to discuss it with your extended family together. Be safe, though; only tell them when you feel confident that it will not be a dangerous situation for you. Have a friend present if you think that helps. Everyone comes out differently to different people, so do what feels more comfortable for you. It definitely seems like your family will need more than a hint to get it though, so make sure that when you tell them your point comes across. At some point in the conversation the words "I'm gay" have to come out of your mouth. I know how scary it is, and I really should be taking my own advice here, but gather all the courage you can and just let it out. I wish you the best of luck, hope things go right for you. Make sure to let me know how it goes! And happy new year!
Something's gonna drip alright.
That is the weirdest thing, especially with how common people make it out to be. It only ever happened to me once, I was like 16 and tried NoFap because of religious guilt, ended up releasing at 41 days because it started to hurt. Yet you hear about it like it's a daily clinical condition that will destroy your testicles or something.
Dont invade and occupy foreign countries in imperial wars of conquest and your contractors wont get attacked.
I hate to break up the fun, but this isn't really related to erasure in any way, it's just a cool theory. As such, I believe it's more suited for gay\_irl or me\_irlgbt. No hard feelings, but it's got to go, we want to maintain the sub focused on its subject matter.
Sorry mate, this is reposted weekly here. Rule 4.
Random Brits just go there to drop shitty books so it can't be that great. Also the sheep thing. And Brexit.
I think it can't be fixed anymore. There were too many changes at the beginning that made the show different to what it seems to have been originally planned, with a rotating team. Here's what I imagine was the original outline: Season 1 starts with Caitlin and Cisco. During the first crossover they hint at a relationship with Felicity, so I picture that's the angle they were gonna take. Then Patty comes on board. The seasonal romance arc was Barry deciding between continuing to pursue Iris or staying with Patty, who becomes his permanent partner. When Reverse Flash kills Cisco around the end of the season, he kills him for real; Barry and Caitlin are the remaining team. At the end of the season they bring back Ronnie, and they become the team. Season 2, Wells-2 is introduced. Caitlin starts the Killer Frost arc, and ends up being separated from the team by herself or the law. Ronnie angst ensues. Wally appears. Barry breaks up with Patty because he can't tell her his secret, or she dies. At the end of the season Ronnie leaves because he needs to help Caitlin or something, and Wells has his normal ending. Remaining team: Barry and Wally. Season 3, Felicity is reintroduced. They need a tech guy and she's doing nothing on Arrow while Oliver hooks up with Laurel because respect canon, goddammit. She stays with the team and Barry ends up falling for her. Now there's a new dynamic: he has to choose between the girl of his dreams who can't know about his job or her partner who's there for him. Hooks up with Felicity a few times, doesn't work, but she stays a friend. We do not hear of Tom Cavannaugh again because he's only stayed because the audience loves him not because his characters have anything to do with the story. Barry confesses to Iris that he's the Flash and he loves her. End of the season, the team is Barry, Wally and Felicity. Season 4, Iris and Felicity drama ensues. Felicity goes back to Arrow, and Wally leaves for Legends. Introduce Ralph. The duo have conflict but end up working together. Flash starts to take on more tech responsibilities, but still needs someone on the earpiece, so Iris temporarily joins the team. End of season, Ralph decides to go be an independent superhero in another city. Flash starts working on Gideon because he can't have Iris be his earpiece forever. End of the season: Barry, Iris and Gideon. Season 5, Iris leaves to do journalism. XS appears. Joins the team, helps tune Gideon with future tech. Dies at the end. End of season: Barry and Gideon. Season 6, Sparky girl whose name I forget joins the team. Everyone slowly comes back for Crisis, but they will be reshuffled according to fan preference.
That's the kid eating healthy and being creative. That's great. Let her be. As long as she's not throwing a tantrum or annoying other people, that's fine. It's only when their behaviour is bothering others and/or when it will affect their long term development that correction is needed.
You have no idea of what a two year old is.
It's definitely worse with anime. A show I like that's currently airing had a big moment for a secondary character recently and I wanted to find some fanart for my wallpaper, then I got hit by "death" and I'm like FUCK that makes sense but why did you have to tell me!!!
I gotta say, "I smiled as she fingered" is an awful place to cut off a sentence.
Holy shit he looks like Boris Johnson and Jimmy Saville had a child together.
Removed for violation of rules 1 and 3.
Perhaps you would benefit from watching [this video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yCxqdhZkxCo) before commenting here again. First warning.
They always do that in anime and I have never understood why.
The whole thing was in slomo tho, that fight was likely around 15 seconds real time.
We will evolve into the Na'vi before we actually see them on screen again.
You really should talk to someone. This isn't normal socialisation.
Half a continent just burned down, fuckhead.
&gt; female people If only there was a word for that…
They didn't like the magic shit. I'm serious. They thought it made it too complex and got rid of as much as they could get away with from the books. That's why the Stark children aren't all seen with their warg powers and why Lady Stoneheart was axed.
I can agree on that. He was one of the main reasons I started watching. However, his story arc was already finished; the character would have suffered if forced to continue, and what was left without him made for an amazing show. It's a pity he never came back but it ended up working out.
We don't really love to be called "ethnic", y'know. In the future I would advise you to try and find more polite and less objectifying ways to refer to people of colour, racial minorities, or any other sort of vulnerable people.
This is a book about lesbians, written by a woman. In what way does it constitute erasure exactly?
When you are explicitly talking about a person of African or Asian descent being a monarch in Europe, that's an ethnic minority. And "vulnerable people" is just a general catch-all for everyone who isn't a straight white cisgender able-bodied neurotypical adult man with economic stability.
This is the one subreddit where I wouldn't expect to find opposition in this subject. Respect how people want to be called. Everyone. Everywhere. Always. Being called ethnic makes me and a lot of people like me feel dehumanised and pushed aside. We do not like it. Trying to impose it on us is an exercise in white privilege that I honestly thought below this community. I seriously don't understand why so many people find this so difficult to understand in a community that's known for being called things that offend us left and right.
I take your premise and raise you Garnet from Steven Universe.
Removed for being a repost.
Wait, we're a texting meme now? Awesome!
I cannot possibly be the only one in the planet who missed it, anyone got a timestamp?
But then they're treating LGBTQ identities much like we treat the Gamer label; something that could not possibly have existed prior and that refers to a behaviour rather than an intrinsic part of the self. That's basically performativism, and it's hugely dismissive of people's actual struggle with oppression, not to mention it involves straight academics dictating the nature of us.
Science Fell in Love, So I Tried to Prove it
Also why do white people think one is only hot in spite of large hips, as opposed to because of them?
Ma'am, I am a humble Mexican man who refuses to spend time learning the geography of a country that I do not live in and that hates me, no matter how much I have to dodge the cultural osmosis.
That's how you get a restriction order.
That's only during a maths exam tbh
It's a stick that cuts when you touch something with it. It's not a helicopter flight console. A child that has been in the same room with a broomstick for five minutes can duel someone with it if the other guy is shitty enough, and Kylo was injured, never finished his jedi training, and was constantly blinded by rage instead of calmly focusing on his battle.
Honestly, you're right; this is a joke of an impeachment. Trump has committed at least 50 impeachable offences since he took office; it's pathetic that the democrats are sticking to just two of the vaguest.
I go with mate because dude makes some trans girls dysphoric and I'm never the kind to make another person feel bad because of my own comfort.
TERFs are not welcome in this subreddit and never will be. Fuck off and don't come back. Removed for breaking rules 1 and 3.
Be careful who you defend on the internet. We do not err on the side of TERFs here, so make it clear when you're joking or you might find yourself in the wrong side of a ban hammer you don't really deserve.
Removed for not being erasure and also for being a repost.
Removed for breaking rules 1, 3 and 5.
I love that Lex Luthor is the kind of character that can be hooked up to a magical alien infallible lie detector and the first thing we think of is "how did he lie tho?".
That actually sounds kinda nice.
I wanna live in your world where that's a fringe opinion.
Does he think he's writing a noir novel?
Eh, she's gone tankie recently. Not to deny her intelligence, but she's been using it for her ego rather than for education and discourse lately, and that's quite a waste of talent.
I think the homoness is definitely a factor.
Fair. Listening.
Didn't you know that your testicles have taste buds?
Do whatever you want, I don't care, just don't encourage the idiots.
There's already rumours of astronauts banging in the ISS, only NASA won't say anything about it because they're both married.
&gt;I don’t want to live in a world where anyone can just deliver justice without due process. Well, I don't want to live in a world where anyone can just kill me because of my face or because they saw me coming out of a gay bar, and where they're willing to scream it into the wind. What do you propose?
You are VERY white if you think that's gonna fly for a person of colour.
&gt;I hope that people can understand that you can be against assault and Nazism at the same time. Sure you can. If you're the kind of person the Nazis aren't trying to kill. I'm brown, queer and autistic. I don't have the luxury of pacifism.
Hentai studios should really have a policy to hire a sex worker once a month for a refreshment course on what female genitalia looks like because I guarantee that the man who drew this has never seen a real pussy.
I mean, I'm 25 and it kind of already got boring. I work with teenagers so there's a lot of randomness and excitement at work, but besides that, what am I supposed to do for fifty more years? I'm much closer to a Chidi than a Jason, so my heaven isn't much different from where I currently am. I can't possibly imagine what I would do for all eternity.
Oh yeah, I forgot we live in a world where Nazis never do anything illegal.
Wash your hands and face with liquid soap after you smoke so the smell doesn't stick to your skin. If possible, smoke shirtless.
While I understand and agree with the sentiment behind this post, it's clearly not in any way related to LGBTQ erasure, so I think it would fit better on a subreddit about parenting or feminism. Perhaps try your luck elsewhere, sorry.
MJ is such a complete character. When I was a teenager she's the exact kind of girl I would be dying over. As a teacher now, I see her tons of intellectual potential and just want to help her grow as a person and achieve her goals, and I'm so happy that she made some friends. This is an excellent written teenager, especially for the love interest of Spider-Man.
Because she's a teenager. She's not supposed to be attractive to you, old fart, only to the nerdy teen audience. She's written in a way that teens see her as a dream girl but adults see her as a troubled figure to be protected. And that involves making her vulnerable at some points.
That shot is in Mexico City, if I'm not mistaken from the James Bond movie. That means it's in early November, in a mountain range, in the middle of a lake, in the early morning. It wouldn't be above 5°C at all.
Fun fact: there isn't, or rather wasn't, a traditional Day of the Dead parade in Mexico. James Bond invented it, and then Mexico City decided that it was a good idea and started doing it every year.
Mexico has literally every biome except tundra. Mexico City is in the middle of a mountain range, built on a lake. It's usually pretty chilly.
Old time logic: *cites current CIA/NSA interrogation protocols*
https://youtu.be/ILugwjdQQsI
They also say exotic for anyone from beyond the next town over, lol. Like, I get calling a Thai girl exotic if you've never left the Utah suburbs. It doesn't apply to a Puerto Rican woman in Santa Clarita. Did you hear that, Switched At Birth writers???
It feels super gross to be called exotic or ethnic. Like they see us as coming from a tribal town where pavement is considered an innovation.
Look, we're all trying to learn here. I get it, power dynamics are tricky and difficult to accept when you come from a position of privilege. I refused to acknowledge my queerness for way too long because I was terrified of becoming vulnerable to the very people I was raised to be. And honestly, this whole thing is a 3d spectrum; you never know if you're one of us, until you suddenly know. All I can ask of you and the other straight-identifying people in this sub is to respectfully listen and learn, without being rude or demeaning to those of us who have suffered because of who we are.
I'm really good at chess so I tried checkers thinking it would be a different challenge. It ended with the opposite player and I having all our pieces and being unable to move. I do not like checkers.
Oh for fuck's sake
Nah, the one who cosplays as an underdog entrepreneur when he inherited the wealth of an emerald mine that used slave labour.
Yes, I'm sorry for the confusion. Carry on.
I try to go for Scottish but that's also acceptable.
Russian cursive is made up, they just remember everything and are good at guessing. They're pranking us.
This is exactly the problem with giving both sides equal attention.
It is esteemed that the Yellowstone supervolcano might extinguish life as we know it.
Slight correction here: Bad is the censored version we use for YouTube to avoid demonetisation. The real acronym is All Cops Are Bastards.
The people writing the show get to decide whether the people prosecuted are innocent or guilty.
He said it was for april in February :/
I don't have time for your bullshit. If you want me to entertain your crap, give me the link I want, otherwise fuck off.
New internet rule: you cannot use "still holds up" for anything younger than Star Wars.
I blame Snyder.
You wanna see your good cops? https://youtu.be/FoFFUlAWr50 The cop pushes an old man to the ground. It is reported that his head is bleeding. One of the cops tries to help. The other cop puts his hand on his shoulder, and immediately the "good cop" goes back to marching. Don't lie to yourself, if there were any good cops, none of this would be happening. Those agents aren't in jail because some "good cops" denounced them, they were arrested because people burnt down a precinct asking for their heads. If you think your country is any better, ask any Muslim or Romani person how the police treat them. There are no good cops, the system itself prevents it. All cops are bastards. Fuck the police.
"Which is a totally legitimate US territory that wasn't taken through extortion and invasion in order to keep slaves in a land where it was illegal and steal the Mexican gold reserves!"
We don't need police reform. We need police abolition. Not being jaded is a privilege only white, straight and wealthy people get.
Is this the Reddit manifesto?
Only here it's glorified though.
It kind of is if your entire job consists of making one burrito after another for four hours a day.
It's a burrito! Everyone with two functioning hands can make a burrito! It's actually harder to make it this way!
White supremacists are not dissidents in the US. They're the establishment.
They don't. Those places are for the sort of people who are always at work or on a business trip and only ever go home to sleep. They are not meant to be lived, they are meant to be minimally functional because you're not going to spend any time there.
They are if you make a utility belt.
The speed force saved her.
This is the first I hear of it.
It's starting to smell like coup.
Jesus Christ what the fuck is wrong with you just buy a damn lighter like a normal fucking person before you blow your house up.
Wibbly wobbly timey wimey stuff.
Come on, you can't just say that and not provide a funny, juicy art gossip story!
Eh, I think Michael B. Jordan is cuter.
Do you always end your comments on a cliffhanger?
Because of his half gem physiology, he didn't physically age from 8 to 14.
How about a compromise: we pretend it's authorless until Rowling dies, then we give her the credit again.
And shortly after, that Miley Cyrus was definitely *not* Hannah Montana.
You're gonna love the whole thing.
They have.
Contrary to the propaganda that passes for news these days, no one's home has been destroyed, not by the protestors at least. The police happily threw tear gas in the house of someone hosting the protestors. As for small businesses, it's usually the police plants attacking those, and even the few accidental casualties there's been, like the ones around the Target that burnt down, the owners stated that the lives of black people were more important. The news are trying to make it look like the protestors are trying to burn down the country (which I wouldn't particularly dislike but that's a topic for another day), but they have only gone after those who deserve it.
I know right!? And it only gets better!
We don't know that Nooroo hasn't tried that, but as we've seen with Adrien and Plagg, miraculous holders can perfectly force their kwamiis into working, so there's probably not much they can do about it.
Wait, if you're neither cis nor TERF, by process of elimination, doesn't that make you trans?
There are several. There are also thick books explaining why they're not enough.
And most of them have millionaires trying to get rid of it. And all communist countries have healthcare, the quality depends directly on how the CIA has intervened in their government or economy.
Why shouldn't luxuries also be universally distributed?
No country is built for adaptations. The entire point is to preserve the status quo to keep the powerful powerful.
I use communist in the pop culture sense of the world. I hold more nuanced discussion with more nuanced peers.
&gt; Nobody can adequately distribute everything people have needs/rights for. Would it somehow be harder under capitalism than communism? Yes. A lot of what stops basic distribution is capitalist interest. Distribution means transport, which means paying for petrol, for trucks, for managers, for drivers. Under communism none of that is considered an expense, it's an investment, because the outcome benefits the entire population, and then the population can give back to the system. Under capitalism, everyone is trying to make money off the profits. &gt; incredibly bold move just out and saying that you don’t believe in gun rights, Not if you're from one of the 200 countries without weekly school shootings and also happen to be the one most directly fucked over by the American gun black market. &gt; A gun counts as a luxury, even if you have a right to bear arms How does that work? How can you have an inalienable right that is also a luxury, by its very definition not a right?
&gt; And what are people trying to do under communism? “Make the world a better place”? “Improve the community”? It’s an admirable goal, but it’s intangible. It's really not. Once the trash starts to pile on the curbside someone will realise that hey, this is a job almost anyone can do, and it needs done, maybe I should give it a try. That's how communities worked before land ownership was a thing. Hell, that's how the internet worked before Facebook. The main reason why there's lots of unwanted jobs and miserable people is because they work for a wage, not a goal. Humans have a natural instinct to problem solve and get an emotional reward from it, often proportional to the amount of work done. &gt; This statistic is heavily manipulated. It can be as manipulated as you want, it's still a ridiculous amount. Our last school shooting in Mexico was in 2016, it was cult related, there were only a couple of deaths because it's impossible to get an automatic unless you're a top guy in a cartel, and the father was arrested immediately. We don't have white boys who go John Wick on their high school because Rachel didn't go with them to prom. In fact the reason why I remember all those details is precisely because there haven't been more since. You guys have so many, it's even a meme. "No way to prevent this" says only nation where this regularly happens. &gt; The right is to your ability to purchase and own. Then that's not a right. At least not an inalienable one. It's limited by, among other things: that you have the money, which means that you have a stable income where you can save; that you have any stores available, which is depressing; that you are not banned from the store; that you are able to perform a transaction; that the store owner doesn't discriminate you because you're black, or gay, or Muslim; that you have the ability to arrive to the store, which given your terrible public transport means that you need to own a car or be (un)lucky enough to live near the store; and that the cops won't murder you for possessing one even if you're not using it, which Philando Castille says hello. In effect, you have an "inalienable" "right" that only applies mostly to middle class white people.
Yeah I'm not the biggest fan either but anything moving left is good enough until we can afford the privilege of choosing.
So they're not in kindergarten, they just look almost exactly like they did when they were. Cool.
Fun fact: canonically, Riverdale is across the ricer from Greendale, where Sabrina takes place. Meaning that while jughead is shagging his teacher or whatever they're doing that week, a few miles from there there's actual witches literally fighting Satan, and I can't take either show seriously with this knowledge.
And not do weird cringey shit like having actual dwarfs pretending that Gary Oldman on his knees is one of them.
Yep.
It's odd that you call the buttplug shaped balloon that you play with your hands a football in the first place.
Can you digest it? Does it have calories? Is it bought in the food section? If you answer yes to all three questions, it's real food.
Yes but braille is cooler.
The ones used for metal doors are like this. They're pretty common where I live because of price and security reasons; you only get the lock on the outside but there's no doorknob, just the hole and a small handle. The mechanism is all on the inside so you can go out without a key but you can't go in.
It's weird when your emotional memory gets in the way. I was rewatching Ben 10 and thinking about it in English, but because I know the names of the aliens in Spanish from before I spoke other languages, even though I know the names in English and was hearing them throughout, in mind the English sentences formed with the Spanish names of the aliens.
I don't want to be rude but that still makes no sense.
Reddit loves to whine and bitch about The Big Bang Theory because "i DoN't NEED the LaUGH TrAcK tO TELL mE whEN To laUGH!!!" But when they don't have a laugh track they do shit like this.
That's because insulin makes you hungrier, dumbass.
Yes, we have differing opinions. My opinion is that your opinion is shitty, wrong, derivative and pathetic. It's not even my favourite show, I just get extremely annoyed by losers like you.
Remember in Victory of the Daleks where they hybrid Daleks manage to make the Mighty Morphin' Dalek Rangers and immediately commit suicide? I'm picturing that. The Daleks start infighting to figure out their levels of purity until there are no longer any Daleks left, because that's the ultimate conclusion of racial supremacists: the extinction of everything in the name of hate.
Oh, Lovecraft would be hilarious if they manage to deal with the racism well. He spend all the episode being scared of a nonwhite companion while praising the Doctor's whiteness and at the end, the Doctor takes his hand and places it on the right side of their chest, only for Lovecraft to realise that all this time he was talking to an alien so he runs away in terror.
It's a stupid ass status symbol. If you have money for fertile land and the time to do the work, grow a fruit.
Capitalism ruins everything good about the world.
As a Spanish speaker I found it super weird when I realised that was what it meant in English because the Spanish equivalent means "decaying" or "morally bankrupt". I was like, why is this word applied to lemon cheesecake? Is this a weird Catholic thing or something?
I'm not entirely sure that filming in Northern Ireland and saying "this is Ireland" will go ahead super smoothly in the minds of many people from either country either. There was kind of an ordeal about it a while ago.
I watched it, realised it was intellectually dishonest on my own, and a year later I found Orchard's video.
Did I say the word objectively? Stop putting words in my mouth. Nothing is objective except calculus. But that doesn't mean I can't think it's wrong.
Doesn't that conflict with EU laws? At least that's what I heard last in 2018.
&gt; I don't know if my not being American is also why I wouldn't touch the "nerd blackface" expression even with a ten foot pole. No, that's just because you're not a complete idiot like some people on thus thread.
&gt;How many people need to die before Fox News is satisfied its serious? It's not how many. It's which people. Most of the deaths are of racial minorities who are poor and cannot self isolate or they will starve, and who are also statistically more likely to vote Democrat because fucking obviously, so they have no interest in cutting down those numbers. Lower voter turnout historically has always favoured the conservatives, who tend to be old, middle class people who have the time to vote, so Fox News' goal is always to keep voter turnout as low as possible. If poor black people suddenly start dropping dead that's all dandy to them, it means better chances for the election.
This is an 8yo post made by children. Leave them be.
False dichotomy. We can care about more than one thing at once. Progress is not coded in JavaScript.
Oh no! It's almost as if capitalism favoured the selfish greed of powerful individuals over the wellbeing of the many! If only someone had predicted this 170 years ago so it could be prevented!
I mean, not for you at least. The rest of us are grabbing popcorn.
These idiots think if they suck up to the racists enough they'll turn white. There's been hilarious news in Latin America of brown morons all around the continent forming their own neo nazi groups, travelling to the US to express their love and appreciation for the group, and then getting assaulted and kicked out because surprise surprise, it turns out that the people whose defining trait is that they hate dark skinned people, actually hate dark skinned people. I am unable to understand the mental gymnastics that took them to that conclusion but it always makes me laugh. We call them "morenazis", which is a portmanteau of "moreno" (brown-skinned) and nazi. Run this through google translator for a cheap laugh. [https://es.wikipedia.org/wiki/Morenazi](https://es.wikipedia.org/wiki/Morenazi)
the yellow is probably a blue light filter so OP doesn't have trouble sleeping or eye strain.
If it oinks like a pig...
No, when you take a picture of a screen you can see the pixels and RBG distortion because cameras are not equipped to handle that kind of light.
I meant Marx, but sure, Jefferson works too.
That's because they're actually the size of caterpies.
I imagine that the PR of "I got the president to avoid impeachment" is worth more than the cash he stifled them out of.
Mod and linguist Spanish speaker here. In this subreddit we accept and recognise the use of inclusive language in any language that has developed it. We reject prescriptivism and cryptofascist institutions such as the Real Academia Española which exist only to promote the use of language as a tool of discrimination to the poor and undereducated, the indigenous people of Latin America, the Roma people and the autonomous nations of Spain, as well as the LGBTQ community for obvious reasons. There is no "correct" use of language, whatever a group of native speakers has agreed to use and/or is able to understand is correct. The rejection of inclusive language is a dogwhistle for bigotry against nonbinary and other transgender people, and we won't partake on it here. We expect better of this community. Just as we recognise the pronouns of any English speaker, we recognise as well whatever equivalent linguistic phenomenon takes place in any society.
&gt;and most people like capitalism. Most people in your income bracket maybe.
To add to this, notice how most people don't really like Monopoly at all.
Be nice.
At some point C&amp;H went from an edgy comic strip about dark humour to just being absurdist gay jokes.
They claim it is, but the way they classify words says otherwise. Lots of Latin American slang is classified as vulgarisms and barbarisms, and in the particular case of inclusive language, they have been adamant to refuse its acceptance, even as they come up with ways to incorporate emoji and other vocabulary into the language. they also have a nasty habit of trying to phoneticise any loan words and claim the use of the foreign spelling to be incorrect, as well as do PR campaigns against the use of loan words and neologisms. They present themselves as an authority and an aspiration, and enforce the social shaming of people who do not conform perfectly to their spelling and grammar rules, which tends to be people whose first language isn't Spanish, who didn't get proper education because of a lack of infrastructure, or who simply do not conform to the way society talks about them, such as nonbinary people in a language where every noun and most adjectives are gendered. People will laugh at you if you use inclusive language, because the RAE told them that it's wrong, and that's by design.
Racism is not based on logic.
You people really need to sort out your police problem.
White Catholics aren't. But the Catholic church has a chokehold on Latin America, and issues like abortion are extremely heavy for people raised in a Spanish speaking Catholic household. Also, your country isn't particularly famous for how well it provides sex education to anyone, let alone people of colour.
I pity the Jewish community for having to deal with Ben Shapiro's influence. The worst we have is Gabriel Iglesias. I mean, I still hate him, but still.
Please note that the T word is a transphobic slur and we do not tolerate such language here. This is a safe space for the LGBTQ community and anything that may cause a trauma trigger for a vulnerable person is inadmissible. I politely request that you edit your comment in a way that you can make your point without directly saying that word, and also that you do a little reading on the subject so you understand why we don't like it.
Speech impediments are the only passable excuse for an adult not pronouncing someone's name correctly.
If I'm not mistaken the h/ch sound in Hebrew is the IPA sound /x/, which is the same as the J in Spanish or the final ch in German and Scottish. If you look it up on Wikipedia it'll give you a pronunciation guide with audio, mouth diagrams and detailed explanations. But if you can say jalapeño you can say that name.
Never forget that corn belongs to Mexicans and Native Americans. We can bend it to our will.
Hans can go to Wikipedia and figure out that the TH sound in Samantha is made by touching the tip of his tongue with both his upper and lower teeth and blowing slightly. This is the standard we as brown second language speakers are held to in order to not be treated like stereotypes to make fun of or face discrimination. If we can do it to avoid bigotry, he can do it to be polite to my friend.
&gt; As a kid who grew up with an ethnic name in America, I’ve gotten used to the initial butchering. Yes, that's the problem. White people get a pass for not knowing how to say your name, but I bet if you couldn't pronounce theirs, they'd be making fun of you. They might even kick you out of a business because the owner doesn't trust you. It's a disgusting double standard that specifically applies to people from imperialist nations.
Ben Shapiro wouldn't know facts if they ran him over. The guy lost *an interview.* He's beyond pathetic and everything out of his mouth is bullshit.
Good news! You can, it's on HBO!
This just in: it's now racist to want white people to pronounce foreign names correctly.
Use asterisks.
Careful where you're going with this, this kind of stuff was used to justify slavery.
How do we know this hasn't already happened? I've seen muppets drink the way he does. #TrumpIsDeadGate
They're populists who keep being berated by the news, so their main priority is to make sure nobody believes the news. So if the media start reporting about a catastrofe that is killing thousands of people, and they manage to convince their audience that it's not real, then their audience will not believe anything the news say to "attack" the populist. And then, boom, reelection guaranteed.
Serious question: why should I, a normal person with no money or important work, care about data security? I hear a lot about it and I used to take it for granted but then I got thinking, and I'm protecting myself against something that I don't know how it'll hurt me. Like, I tried asking someone once, and they went something like, "because Huawei can know everything you do all the time!". So… what? "So they can sell your data for targeted ads!" Uh, that's okay, I rarely buy anything without planning months in advance, and I have adblock. "But they could sell your data to the Chinese government!". Well, what does the Chinese government want with my data? "If you ever criticised Xi Jinping and you go to China they'll put you in a work camp!" Well, then I'll simply never go to China, it's not like I can afford it or speak the language. At which point the guy went silent. So… what's in it for me? How could I be harmed by some faceless corporation using my data?
We have an expression in Mexico, looking for the cat's fifth paw…
