I don't get it. Make sure your new 0 was 250 for incidentals? I've no idea what the sentence means.
Ahhh, ok. That makes sense, I just needed it reworded.
Nigga what?
People talk about using the parental controls app to see their hours. Does it really not give you total hours for a given title? Am I required to manually add up hours from every day played?
Holiday sale week 5? I wouldn't hold my breath.
I would play Stardew Valley so much if I could find a way to stop playing Zelda.
That totally depends. If he or she left because they thought games were stupid, you're right. If they left because OP neglected all responsibilities to his or her spouse, then it's an addiction and they had every reason to leave.
Heroin before heroines.
Stupid prices, that's a new one!
One was done by an individual committing a crime. The other was done by a country's military, under orders, and then wiped away as having been perfectly okay and following protocol.
Jesus Christ you are ridiculous. The connection is fucking enormous. The guy literally just said it would be very bad if we ever got to the point where people controlling drones didn't have the knowledge that they were ending peoples lives in real time. Then someone brought up Ender's Game, because it fits that exact scenario. And you're somehow saying there is no connection. God forgive the people that have to deal with you in real life.
That is the point! Ender doesn't know he's killing people. Which is the exact scenario that the poster said he hopes we never reach. For the love of God you are dense. The connection is the fact that Ender's Game is the exact same scenario that this guy is saying we hopefully never reach. If you truly can't make that connection and aren't just being difficult for the sake of being difficult, then you are truly an idiot.
That's not the part I'm referring to and you know it. Just because you're ignoring the part I'm talking about doesn't mean that this connection is nonexistent. What a happy little world you must live in. That hypothetical bullshit is the exact same scenario that the poster said he hopes we never see in reality. That's why someone else brought up the story. But I've already pointed this out multiple times, and I'm sure you see the connection there. You're just being a stubborn asshole, because you have nothing better to do. Good night.
This guy is being a fucking asshole for the sake of being an asshole. Don't even bother.
No, you are the exact person I've been intending to apply to. And I see another poster has already copied and pasted the exact scenario I'm referring to. You're either just a raging asshole, or fucking retarded.
Very.
Your lack of post decimal rounding infuriates me.
26.666666666666667 instead of just using 26.67 from the start. And by "infuriates me" I mean "find mildly strange and annoying."
You stole and smuggled unlicensed and unregistered weapons from Hyrule, and now you want our help when you found someone stole them from your home?
Haha. Yeah I assumed you weren't from the US based on your currency formatting.
This isn't calculus class though. For the topic at hand, there is no reason to use that many decimal places.
Right now I still need to play Skyrim, Mario Odyssey, Mario+Rabbids Kingdom Battle, Golf Story, and Stardew Valley. Except every morning before work, and after with/weekends, I play nothing but BotW. Oh yeah, and Enter the Gungeon. I still need to play that too.
Bummer the artist got the triforce slightly rotated off axis.
That can be done without question. The problem is you may not be left with the ability to play video games, form new memories, or breathe on your own afterwards.
That image would be much better, because no one would be able to tell if the point of the triangle wasn't on the perfect spot rotationally. But to change the way he did and then not perfectly center it is ridiculous.
Edit: I'm a dummy. Somehow forgot that your tattoo was the original image, and that you weren't the one with the problematic tattoo we were discussing. Ignore my stupidity.
You're totally right. I was replying to notifications on my phone and got distracted. Got confused between two different people and two different tattoos and which he was actually referring to.
Because writing people's credit cards numbers down doesn't pose any risks...
Fucking terrible advice for most addicts.
I found I became a hardcore sugar addict once I got off heroin and started methadone.
It's an ignorant, uneducated personal view. No one with any real knowledge on the subject shares your opinion.
I don't think he's a junkie. He's just disgusted by you as your complete lack of a decent moral compass or empathy for something that you seem to think you're an expert on but clearly don't know the first thing about.
Oh look, the asshole's argument doesn't stand up in the face of reason. Who would have thought?
On that front, exactly the same. That doesn't mean every person who has a problem with substance abuse is a worthless piece of shit. Lots of people struggle with an addiction on a daily basis and never beat up or rob other people to feed it. You're taking the worst case examples and pretending they are the norm. Addiction is a serious problem, usually used to help cope with undiagnosed mental issues, and does mean a lot of things, but an instant black mark as being a worthless piece of shit is not one of those. But you have certainly earned that distinguished honor.
Jesus Christ. Now you've gone from a borderline ridiculous opinion to one that is quantifiably provable incorrect. The majority of homeless people are on the street because they choose to be, but not because they're normal. It's because they have serious untreated mental illness. instead of using your own "oh I'm so smart I know everything" opinion as proof, ask any professional healthcare worker you dumbass. And your surprise that they use drugs or drink to cope with that mental illness? Because they don't have the money or resources they often need to get that treatment. And end up living on the streets because they can't keep a job. You truly are an amazing piece of shit.
Did you?
No, you don't. And that's why it's so sad. You don't speak the truth, you speak your own uneducated opinion. Most people think and believe what science and medical professionals say. Unfortunately your ridiculous opinion holds no water as it's based on nonsense.
You are a moron. I'm saying that science and medical professionals have an opinion about addiction, and by believing that I'm worried about being PC? Those things don't even have anything to do with one another. I'm basing my opinion both on personal experience and science. Unfortunately you don't get to say the science is nonsense just because you lack empathy. You disregard all science and medical studies and instead based this ridiculous opinion on your personal close minded view of the world. Have fun with that. Sadly, I'm done conversing with an idiot who is unable to differentiate between fact and bullshit. Goodbye.
What does this even mean?
Yes, but sadly true as well.
Do you post anything that isn't rude and negative?
Go away.
Browsing the internet made me hate myself.
Fuck him. No one raises the fucking armrest.
No one is arguing we should take people with no skills. The whole point of this is the argument shouldn't be based on your nationality. Trump wants white people to come in rather than intelligent people with dark skin you have a lot to offer. Clearly this is going right over your head, Whitney.
They do, except the color is gray.
When I have a particularly nasty butthole after using the bathroom, I just spit on the toilet paper. I always figured I was the only one that ever did this until I met people that admitted doing the same.
So you know it's porn, but you didn't even watch it. Make sense.
Porn involves naked people and fucking. This is neither of those. Which makes it not porn in the slightest. This had as much similarity to Top Chef as it does to pornography.
I said from the very start, he did technically drain the swamp. He got rid of a lot of those politicians that were bought and paid for and were playing middleman between our government and huge corporations. Instead he put in people that were previously or still very high up in those corporations. He cut out the middleman and now we are just being governed by corporations with less time wasted on silly things like democratic pretense.
No it's simple minded.
I enjoyed the demo, but then the game got utterly trashed by reviews, so I never bothered. For $5 though...
But... Honey bees can only sting once?
You're definitely the exception in this case and not the rule.
How do you use both controllers with android? Can't you only use one at a time? Or maybe it recognizes them both but as completely separate and unlinked units?
You mean, don't have to?
Just out of curiosity, why would a little bit of nudity bother your significant other? I mean, we're all adults here, right?
Did you read somewhere that there was nudity in this game or were you just checking on it? I don't remember any nudity either, but even if it was it would definitely not be some creepy super sexualized scenario. Not the way with the way this game is.
Oh, okay. I didn't pick up on that important fact. Do people really believe this or is it in jest
What about those jawns though?
Greace. The term for grease harvested from the skin of a large Greek woman.
Key phrase here is 'a version of English.'
I'm not as into firearms as I was years ago in the last year to my permit expired. Are you saying that at this point they don't even issue permits anymore? That does pose problems with reciprocity in other states, though won't likely apply to me.
Poor dog. People are fucking idiots. I'm embarrassed when one of my dogs barks unnecessarily in public, and yet I see other dogs out of control and their owners couldn't care less. You hit it dead on. "That's just how dogs are." That's true, when you're a fucking terrible pet owner.
Well, I'm a stranger, and I am out to get you...
No, but you need half a clue before throwing around accusations of a down grade.
What is victim support? And why can't the US have any fucking benefits for citizens?
Almost as ridiculous as citizens being guaranteed healthcare and a decent education!
So the fact that people can be bankrupted when they have a major medical problem despite having insurance isn't fucked up at all and we certainly don't reform.
What are you, high? In many parts of the country, the only insurance available that can be afforded is what your employer offers. What land do you live in where employers offer a wide array of insurance options? Though the ACA was a step forward, it didn't help enough. Again, in many parts of the country, the only plans offeredvery expensive with super high deductibles make no sense. So now you're back to only having what your for your office. Consider yourself luckythe offer you more than one simple plan. How can you be so heartless? I think you got lost because t_d is in that direction. Yes, America, the land of the free. We claim to be the best country in the world but deny our citizens quality of life and what should be considered basic human rights. When you compare us to the rest of the developed world, we're more akin to a backwater third world country. People like you scream about everyone who's sick or poor is at fault for today conditions and needs to pull themselves up by the bootstraps. And yet coincidentally those clueless people screaming about how government handouts should be shutdown are the same ones who use majority of them.
If asking you if you're high, or calling you heartless.is a personal attack, you must be a very sensitive little snowflake. Right, free to buy whatever they want. As in, if they aren't wealthy and can't afford top-tier insurance they don't deserve to be healthy or have maladies treated without going into crippling debt. You're right, this does upset me, because people such as yourself are shitting all over this country because they'd rather hoard money like you can take it with you to the afterlife than help your fellow man.
That's rich coming from you. Unfortunately putting your fingers in your ears and screaming "nuh-uh!" doesn't make anything I said less true. Articles like this are just fake news, right? https://nytimes.com/2016/01/06/upshot/lost-jobs-houses-savings-even-insured-often-face-crushing-medical-debt.html Medical expenses contribute to 62 percent of individual bankruptcies. 72 percent of those people had insurance. But I'm the one not living in reality?
You're not even trying to support your own nonsense. You just claim facts don't exist because you don't want them to. You're a sad little man.
Wait, I'm broke as well as fat, because I think people should have access to care for basic human needs? And I'm the onewho's overly emotional and insulting. Right.
That's not what I took from his comment. I think his point was that the walking dead is not known for complex or highly intelligent scripts. So if that's what he's used to, the threshold for something to be mind-blowing probably isn't very high for him.
Which has absolutely nothing to do with the point this guy was making.
First and third person are so played out. Second person and fourth person need some damn exposure. Criminally underused POV's.
Well, you are. Don't kid yourself.
You are a blight upon video gaming.
What's your tag? I don't have any real life friends that are gamers, so I'm always looking for redditors to add. Most of the people I previously added don't even play or sign onto the console anymore. My name is TastefulNoods
Star cards can have a very large effect on the game, despite your baseless claims.
You sound like someone who's being a dick for no reason. Just because your mother didn't hold you enough as a child doesn't mean you have to take out that deep-seated resentment on those around you.
I'm not angry at all, nor have I played the game or have an opinion on it yet. It just seems a little ridiculous that you're ranting about all framerate problems in the same sentence as referring to the beta. You realize what a beta is right?
You're missing the point and clearly failing to grasp the ridiculousness of passing judgment on a game when playing a version that is not final. I've played the beta, but at no point did I argue and say you were wrong or it didn't have frame rate problems. My point is that it's ridiculous to state the game runs like shit you when youdidn't even have your hands on a final version yet. It's ok. Stay in school and study hard and listen to your mother. Some day your reading comprehension and logical reasoning will reach an acceptable level.
The fact you use the word trigger speaks volumes.
Sorry, on mobile app so can't see flair. Ill try to load into a browser instead. Edit: flair isn't showing despite efforts
Duh, didn't matter anyway since.you sent me a request. I'm slow this morning.
Wow. Way to take a different person's comment and insult me because I just tried to explain the point he was making. Very mature.
SJW! SJW!
That's because it was a plasma. There's always less blurring on plasma.
What if I don't have any friends?
I totally get where you're coming from. But if your end goal is to make them aware of their errors and stop spreading misinformation, informing them a little more kindly is going to get you a hell of a lot farther.
I graduated 15 years ago, and at that point Keene High School had maybe 3 black kids.
Frightening.
60%? Are you high? December through March stuck. November and April can snow, but ain't terrible. Thats 4 shitty months, which is almost half of your claimed 60%. Unless you consider anything below 70 degrees to be shitty weather...
Bullshit. 110 is unbelievably rare, I've worked plenty of outdoor jobs all summer long. Mid 80s is the most common, much above 90 isn't frequent. The lake is only warm enough to swim for a month if you're a transplant lacking balls. First you complain It's too hot, then too cold. Sure thing Goldilocks.
It's an action rpg...
Wait, what? You could skip the tutorial, be unaware of nearly all gameplay mechanics, and still beat th he CPU easily.
Because its really a 5 point scale, with 1-5 serving as placeholders that are almost never used.
You could have done it pleasant informative way. Instead you were obnoxious.
&gt;and I wouldn’t ever think correcting someone/being pedantic on the internet is obnoxious. Please tell you me you didn't really just say that and mean it.. Being pedantic/correcting someone on the internet is super obnoxious more often than not. Especially with your "LOL! Angry centaur gaming gaming!" method. Using 'lol' alone is obnoxious, unless you're a teenage girl, in which case you're a walking example of obnoxious.
How/why/where was it free?
A temporary mistake?
Six games? Demon's Souls, Dark Souls 1, 2, 3, and Bloodborne. What is the sixth game?
If vegans taste like pesto, I'll start sucking vegan dick yesterday.
Shit. I was using mule ejaculate...
Don't talk about Fight Club?
Home made noodles may be full size, cuz why not just do it worry one big one? But hard to package dry noodles that size, plus people use different size pans.
Single player is great. Multiplayer was fun at first, but has since turned into a fucking monster.
You're nuts.
Then you haven't been paying attention or are super insensitive to changes in frames per second.
Still looks like a re-skin. The compass, the adrenaline meter, current level indicator and mission info are copy and paste jobs
Self checkouts don't speed up checkout time for 80% of people, because they're idiots and they're slow and they've no business doing anything that requires simple problem solving.
Okay, good point. It may take people longer to actually check out but if you at don't have to sit there waiting for those idiots then it's ultrafast for me.
A little Point Break mixed with a little Step Up. I can dig.
Have the population?!
First world problems amirite? God damn designers not accounting for my lazy ass not wanting to walk ALL the way down the driveway.
Wow, bullshit. You said not a white person... In context, you're absolutely claiming it was written by a black person.
Yeah, no. It completely depends on the product. I put Optimum Car Wax on everything, black trim included. It has absolutely zero negative effects.
You're misinterpreting. It was being said facetiously, from the shitty old politician's POV.
So, you're arguing that because Obama shipped out illegal children who came alone, it's the same as tearing kids away from their parents? You're so full of shit.
Did you read the article? It's literally discussed right there. He's challenging it with this executive order. Did the sole purpose of continuing to take away children and blaming it on a federal judge when the EO is struck down.
Engine and mechanics? And some animations, and lots of assets (the boat was slightly modified, but it's basically exactly the same), and the UI. Yes, they built a world and created new quests and stories. Much of the rest is a re-skin at best, and an asset paste job at worst.
Since it's summer and middle school is not currently in session, maybe go get a paper route to keep you occupied rather than wasting your days making a fool of yourself online.
Methinks you need to take your own advice.
Is this what you do? People say things you don't like, but find yourself unable to verbalize a logical argument, so you just demand they shut the fuck up?
Wow, and to think you seemed immature before you began stalking my comment history. Creepy.
Which is 20 bucks more, just like he said...
FYI, your post is unclear whether you mean internal or external drives.
It wasn't an option for a couple years after launch has been quite some time.
Why so angry? He's not saying they're similar missions. He saying the mission is literally recycled. There's a big difference between fetch quests with different story and background behind them, and being given the exact same mission with the a different difficulty. I have never experienced the latter in any of the games you listed.
I replied to your comment stating you could buy at the store for 60 + tax. Which is still $20 more than the original 40 for controller you asked about. Not sure why this is getting so difficult?
Tiebreaker.
Cocktails? Cocks tell no tales.
If you really think that by charging $80 for a game, all these companies will suddenly drop the greedy DLC business model, you're being naive. Nothing will change. They'll charge $20 more upfront and business will continue as usual.
You sound just like Trump insisting there was no Russian involvement. Just because you don't like it, or think there are more important issues, doesn't mean it didn't happen.
So Elizabeth Warren and Donna Brazile openly stating it was rigged are meaningless, and all we have is a question about Flint and some emails?
You seem to think that shareholders are okay with hitti.g a certain mark while being aware that profit could've well exceeded that point. You are wrong. A base price increase does not mean shareholders will be okay with wiping shitty loot boxes off the board. They will demand both take place. Also, you're now resorting to making false accusations and putting words in my mouth. I would gladly pay another $20 a game if it meant these practices disappeared. But despite your magical fantasy land, reality dictates they won't disappear. But feel free to continue falsifying as you please to sound slightly more ridiculous.
Open air flow means you shouldn't have you console flush against the back of the tv stand. It doesn't mean the console needs a feet of empty space in all directions.
I started being a dick when you made baseless claims regarding how I personally felt. Maybe don't pull that shit in the first place it you're going to get upset easily.
There's a huge grey area between my statement and what you're proposing.
Like I said. You want it to end but can't bear to walk away from it, so you just demand I stop replying.
If that's not the pot calling the kettle black I don't know what is.
Your calling me a loser for spending "so much time" as you call it, and yet you're doing the exact same thing. Do you not see the irony in you trying to insult me for that? Or is that above your critical thinking level? You almost sounded like you weren't a complete idiot when you were talking economics, but you backtrackes so badly I don't even know what to think now.
Haha. Duh. The way it was phrased just totally caught me offguard.
I was paraphrasing. You said it was sad. That's your best attempt and you're calling me desperate?
You didn't paraphrase, you insisted I said that I refuse to pay a $20 premium. That was completely false and nothing I ever stated or implied. Nice try though asshole. You went from having at least a thought out argument to sounding like a child who's grasping for any pathetic straw he can. What the hell happened to you in the last four hours? Did your mom kick you out of the basement which kicked off a mental breakdown?
Okay, I get it. You've reached a whole new level of hypocritical ridiculousness that I can no longer believe you're actually this stupid. You did a relatively good job with this troll, as you eased into it; initially sounding intelligent and then slowly morphing into a mongoloid with a negative IQ. I have to congratulate you on that aspect.
But there was no insult there? FYI, I fully intend to respond every one of your messages. My work week is over and I'm gonna be up late, so let's get it on.
A dog. You?
I would absolutely lose my shit. I get pissed when people are just oblivious and cruising in the passing lane when the rural highways around here temporarily break into two lanes. I'll pass them on the right because I don't have time to wait around for your bullshit. If someone decided to match the pace of traffic on the right for the sole purpose of preventing speeding, I'm liable to commit a felony.
Most people get more mature as they age. I get more impatient and fed up with bullshit.
Isn't Leslie her last name? Her name is Rose.
Good for your parents, seriously. But how does any of this matter? Just because your parents were able to do it and make it work doesn't mean the same applies to other families or people. There are countless potential factors involved. Oh, and just so you're aware, doctors don't make $1 million. Only a very small percentage of very specialized surgeons make that much, and even then it's often going to be guys running their own practice and possibly having partial ownership in the facility.
I don't understand Amazon's trade in program. You would expect that as a game gets older and/or they have more than enough copies, they would just greatly reduce the price they offer for it. But I have found that Amazon is just unwilling to accept about 80% of the games I've looked at. They just don't appear as an option when you search for titles to trade in. And none of these were ancient titles.
&gt;contracter *Twitch*
I really liked her at first. Can't stand the bitch now. Mia is obviously bad news, but damn sexy and I like her way more than Nikki.
It's called a fiddle...
How the fuck is he supposed to troubleshoot and fix a bug? Are you for real right now?
How do they know what your dogs look like? Or that one had passed?
What the fuck, spoilers bro! And on a game that isn't even a decade-old yet? How could you?
My dad is on his third relapse of a rare lymphoma. I think we're all becoming less optimistic each time it rears its head again, but this shit is insane. I couldn't even imagine.
Oh I'm not. I'm making sure to participate and be there to help as often as possible, even if I'm not in the mood at that moment. I don't want to regret passing on something of the opportunity left arises again. I'm trying to juggling being positive with being realistic at the same time.
I'm pretty sure the topicals work by getting absorbed into the cat's skin though. That's why it still effective on fleas that feed on other parts of the cat's body than where topical was applied. Now I can't say for sure, but if it's being absorbed into the skin, some percentage of it or some byproduct of it has got to be leaving through the cat's urine, right?
I had a similar experience. My dad was in the cancer ward at Dana-Farber and they're very strict on what could be brought in. Had to sanitize my phone if I wanted to bring it in with me. They were very serious there; the ward was set up with a positive air pressure system to make sure no potentially infected air could come in when doors were opened.
No she's probably at relatively lowly trained CNA or equivalent.
Dammit spell it right. HIPAA
PA as in physicians assistant? PAs are a step below a doctor, that bitch ain't anywhere close to being a PA. I give her CNA, LPN at best.
Ahh ok. Did you add the "in" before PA after or am I just blind and didn't see it?
Oh it drives me friggin' crazy. Especially down below there'sr someone talking about being in the field and how no one would understand their morbid sense of humor and yada yada yada. But couldn't spell HIPAA correctly. Death is too easy a punishment.
Sorry, voice to text error. Correcting now. But otherwise all correct.
Now you're arguing semantics, but yeah, they basically are. Considering PAs can prescribe and serve as PCPs, they're basically a step below a physician. And I'd say NPs are as well. One isn't better that the other; they're different roles with different requirements. You're clearly aware one's schooling follows a nursing path and the other a medical school path. It wasn't an end all be all official definition for medical professionals. It was a quick layman's explanation.
Like I said, different roles, different requirements. This wasn't a deep and complete comparison of all different medical professionals, yet you insist on trying to make it that. I thought the person was asking if the person one the photo was a PA, and I gave them super brief info on PAs vs CNA/LPNs. Are you done proving to everyone that you're smarter yet?
That explains it. Though I'm not sure why so many people are unhappy with me asking if you edited your comment... Oh reddit.
Doesn't what? Get excreted in urine, or doesn't absorb into the skin? Because it most certainly does get absorbed by the skin. The potency doesn't matter if the skin didn't absorb it; a flea feeding on an animal's belly would be entirely unaffected by the chemical applied to the neck. Look at the other reply to me, he looked it up and confirmed.
Auto-clave. The phone melts to shit and is completely destroyed, but it's fully sanitized. Just kidding. Alcohol wipes if I recall.
Wow! I don't fly all that frequently, but I haven't seen those in a long long time.
Huh? Why do you say tap lightly? Pressing R2 after firing cocks your gun, period.
I haven't spent much time at all in online. You're saying the mechanics are different?
That's definitely from a smoker's house.
No, it's a good thing, as long as you don't desire friends or people to enjoy your company.
You told him he was idiotic. That's not aggressive, hurtful, or mean? No one said you couldn't have opinions. The difference here is you're insisting on inserting yours here, and insulting those who don't hold to your standard. The fact you're blathering about shit like "sheep" and "the masses" in a post about PS4s says a lot about you, and nothing good.
That's not the experience I've had, at least when firing quickly. Each round requires two presses.
PS4. I know I'm not making this up, because I don't love the feature. Causes more delay when trying to get rounds down range quickly.
Federal guidelines dictate that he must do 85% of his time before he's eligible for parole.
You're having a hard time with your reading comprehension. I didn't say you being here says anything about you. I said you spouting off nonsense about sheep and the masses in this subreddit speaks volumes about you. Can you not see the huge difference between one and the other?
&gt;I think it's ironic you mention reading comprehension. Do you need your dots lined? Do I need to spell everything out in simple terms? You're struggling, it's ok. You claim irony and that I'm not comprehending, but then make totally vague and indirect references. If you need a rebuttal, calling me a cunt works better than saying I can't comprehend what you're saying, but then failing to point out anything in actually unable you comprehend. &gt;hinting that I'm an asshole and a hypocrite simply because I'm posting in a PS4 subreddit. You're still completely failing to understand what I said. I make no judgement whatsoever regarding you being here... I'm here too, remember? I've already twice explained it's the fact you somehow managed to work in nonsense about "sheep" the "the masses" in a convo about a PS4. Why this is so hard to grasp is beyond me, but clearly well beyond you as well.
Not uncommon. There's quite a bit of footage that gets reused. I like there's footage that appears in both Transformers and The Island.
Camarographer... WTF?
But AARP doesn't send people checks?
When that i translator joins their unit they also tell him to stop saluting and calling Tom Hanks sir or he'll get him killed.
He's just discussing tactics and things during the same period. He's obviously not saying this was in the Pacific theater. Potentially pointing at something while giving orders I suppose. Not sure I totally agree with that one though.
Did the V30 cut features? What about the new V40 Thinq?
Wouldn't it primarily depend on how deep the burn was? Could be very superficial where sanding could remove the burn, or it could be deeper where even after planning it still wasn't flush.
Even on sale, it's hard to pick up BF. I know that in a year I can get it with premium for 20 bucks or so.... Odyssey absolutely isn't crap or rushed, but your punctuation is...
No shit? I had no idea. Are they doing free map DLC instead?
Ahhh, yes. The argument that makes your opinion look even more thought out on top of the painful sentence structure and improper comma usage. If I disagree with you, I MUST be a fanboy! If it doesn't hold up to RDR2 it must suck! Let's not consider the huge time difference between each title's previous release...
But if it doesn't cost money after initial purchase, does it really count as a service?
It would appear your reading comprehension could use some serious work as well. I never said commas make my point valid. I'm saying using correct sentence structure and punctuation might at least make you appear to be an intelligent adult. But clearly you insist your opinion is absolute fact, so I will stop bothering and wish you a good day sir.
You type as you do and have the balls to insult someone else's intelligence? Impressive.
Oh well when you put it that way!
Speak for yourself. I'm more likely to go digital on special games, since I don't intend on trading them in after playing.
Speak for yourself. I'm more likely to go digital on special games, since I don't intend on trading them in after playing.
Sure, whatever you say.
I'm not arguing that there's a difference between a physical and a digital game. I'm arguing your silly insistence that that makes it a rental. You're arguing around the point. I'm sorry, but slapping the title of renting on it just doesn't fit. Because it's possible that someday you might lose access to something doesn't instantly mean you're renting. You're dealing with what-ifs, not concrete events. The possibility that you don't get to keep it forever is just that, a possibility. Not a definite I own the files I downloaded for a game just as much as you own the physical desk. Sony could revoke the license for either if they chose to do so. Being unable to loan something out is true but has no bearing on your claim that digital games are rentals. In this day and age of cheap storage and the ability to use external drives, there's no reason you wouldn't be able to download and backup games if it became clear Sony was shutting down servers for an old console. You're correct, there are some downsides to digital. But you demanding that everyone agree with this weird idea that digital equals rental is ridiculous. Why don't you just call it what it is rather than slapping an unrelated and incorrect title on it? By this logic, buying a physical copy of a multiplayer/online only game is also just a rental. Eventually the servers will come down, so your only renting. But again, just because it has some similarities doesn't mean you should title it as such. If you think it's similar and want to consider it a rental that's fine..But don't assume it and essentially demand that the rest of the world agree with you.
I'm not sure what you're speaking of specifically when you say GOG is the only place to have such a measure lined up.
What weird part of the country do you live in that considers dinner and supper two separate meals?
That makes no sense, because up above where he reduces the recipe to a reasonable amount to use at home, he cuts the ranch packets in half to two, while reducing all the other ingredients to a much larger degree. What gives? Someone else also confirmed the ranch packets used by restaurants are much bigger. I think you're wrong about them being the same.
Ahhhhh, missed the second clue.
Why?
&gt;You’re doing such a fine job of making yourself sound stupid I don’t even need to insult you back Truer words have never been spoken.
I'm not sure you'd be stuck, but they'd likely make you exchange and wouldn't allow a straight refund.
Close, but you got some very important words swapped. "The president and a big group of small-dicked people…"
My bad. I was thinking it was soaked Tuff for some reason but it is indeed Tough.
I have worked with different types of insurance for years, and this is complete bullshit. Unless you can provide any sort of proof or documentation that this is something that occurs frequently and is widespread, I'll assume you just don't know what you're talking about. Which is okay, but don't spread misinformation that makes this fucked up system even more confusing than it was before you posted your comment. Your insurance company will send you an EOB every time they get billed for something. The hospital may very well bill them $1400. Your EOB will say their allowable price is $150 (made up example), and your share is based on that. Nowhere are they claiming they paid the $1400 billed by the hospital. That indeed would be fraud, and absolutely is not common practice.
If he got life-flighted I guarantee you he was in a shit load more than $100,000 of debt.
More typically it's a derogatory term for a woman, but I've heard men called whores as well. Though I think I've heard more often used by a woman when describing a man.
Lone Star tick. I always figured it was from Texas, but it's name has nothing to do with its geographical location.
I found a Lonestar tick on my dog in southwest New Hampshire this past summer, so those fuckers are spreading. A complete guess would be global warming and increased temperatures in the north.
Used to exist. My mom worked in occupational health and remembers administering it to state employees years and years ago. But they don't do it any longer as far as I know. I definitely get it for my dog how many ticks I find on her.
I might even be able to let go of the structure in the back and the wires everywhere, but looking through both the window and then through the fire escape is too much for me. I really don't like that fire escape.
Are you serious? Your main concern is you're going to be traumatized by the memory of hooking up with a member of the same sex on a Friday? So either don't fuck a guy, or be okay with the fact that you were all about it when you fucked that guy and get over your phobia.
Where are you coming up with this "addictively attracted" nonsense?
I'm sorry you're so fearful of being "forced" to commit and thoroughly enjoy homosexual acts.
&gt;She is hot as fuck and could easily have guys as good looking me. This is a very strange sentence. I can't tell whether it was terribly mis-worded, or if you think really highly of yourself.
You'd rather they be under qualified?
I've always been kind of grossed out my farts when my dad or friends just let them rip publicly. It doesn't bother me as much with an SO, but only because it's rare. However if a woman ever purposefully let one go while I was going down on her I would absolutely lose my shit. That's a new tier of disgust and disrespect
Reality has a natural liberalism...
Doesn't, man. Not dosen't.
Bingo. His comment still would have made him more of an asshole if it had been something like her getting a job waitressing or as a low-level office worker. But being a paralegal isn't exactly unskilled labor, which makes him an even bigger asshole.
I know what you're saying about cutting words short. I do it a ton without even realizing it. Many people do. But how does saying ask take any longer than saying ax? They're both a single syllable.
The sweat man, it's terrible. I'm not a super hairy guy and I've never loved my shit going fully grown or unkempt. A couple times I decided to shave everything including the ass hair. Though it makes clean up after using the bathroom quicker and easier, it's absolute hell. Without some hair in there as a barrier and to help wick moisture away, my ass felt constantly soaked and slippery and disgusting. Totally not worth it.
Isn't it 2 books?
A single occurrence means nothing. Is this a continuous problem or has it been reported once?
Like I said, it sounds like there's definitely a problem. But considering I had never seen it come up before you posted these I still don't believe it's as widespread as issues people had with Armytek or the FW3A.
Yes, it's because you posted other problems and I just can't bear for an Emisar product to not be perfect. It's in no way because you're purposefully annoying around here, very consistently. It's in no way because you go out of your way to try to be "cute" despite being obnoxious and chronically downvoted on your poorly worded, spelled, and relentlessly repetitive ("KAPOW!" in nearly every NLD post, when in no way even applicable) comments. And that's not even to mention your creepy behavior of following users outside of this subreddit to harass and repeatedly comment elsewhere for the sole purpose of being just that, a creep. You've well earn far more than any mild talking down to your receive around here. However you have shown you're probably not actually an Olight shill. You just appear to be a sad, lonely person with nothing better to do. I wish you found more joy in the actual flashlights or discussion with the community rather than mimicking the behavior of a socially rejected preteen.
Because so many of his comments are obnoxious and iname and offer nothing of value. If someone points out his ridiculous behavior he ramps up the creep factor and follows them around Reddit commenting relentlessly and harassing them. Though he does offer useful information when he chooses to act like an adult, the community would be better off without him when you weigh that against his other behavior.
Yeah I am being a dick because this guy is following me around reddit like a child.
You'll probably be fine. Just be aware of it so in the future you can use other storefronts when possible.
&gt;then my things That's pretty shitty. &gt;then my pets He deserves a slow painful death. In some ways hitting a pet is worse than hitting a person. At least with the person you're angry because of something going on with them. That doesn't excuse the violence, but there is some fucked-up logic there. But with the pet... It couldn't be any more helpless and innocent and not responsible for your rage. If I was dating a woman who hit or kicked my dog I'd be likely to explode. I wouldn't hit her, but I would want to, and I would never, ever see her again.
That's so painful for me to read. What a fucking asshole. Excuse me while I cuddle my doggy and tell her how beautiful she is.
I had a dog that was a very intelligent and loving girl. if she had an accident you could see the shame written all over her in her body language. She hated the fact it happened and didn't even want to make eye contact with you. I always went out of my way to be extra loving because I knew when she had an accident it was because she had no other choice. She hated doing it so much that she held it as long as she could and whatever the circumstances, she just couldn't any longer.
We're not talking about using violence to stop an act of violence. This guy basically just said if he saw his girlfriend hit his animal he'd beat the crap out of her in retaliation. That's totally fucked up. I don't care if you scream in her face and kick her out and call her terrible names, you don't beat the shit out of her.
Thank you for reminding me that though I may be an asshole, I'm not totally insane. This guy's behavior is not normal or okay just because he's using stupid smiley faces instead of more traditional harassing language.
They did give away a VR title a time or two, but obviously not each month.
I was going to say, the double stitching, as well as how uneven and crappy the stitching on the sole looks highly questionable.
It's funny you did this, because I basically did the same thing. I missed out on the Viberg kudu, but jumped on some Truman iceberg kudu roughouts a couple years ago. They were lighter in color, and more of a blue grey. I found myself not wearing them much because they got dirt easily. Made them worthless between November and April in New England. So last year I SnoSealed them. I was super happy with the end result, and they've seen far more wear since. I'm actually really surprised that VSC resulted in such a wave look. If you find it doesn't last long, consider the SnoSeal. The end result is super close to factory waxed flesh.
Sounds like you just hate anything without a bulbous toe... Safe to assume you hate say, the Viberg 2030 last?
As the guy below mentioned you can configure the step to mode to produce more steps than you currently have. I believe seven is the standard. You could also look up how to just factory reset the light as that might be easier for your purposes?
Ah, that could be. I forget the D4S isn't actually running Anduril since it's so similar. Easy enough to just reconfigure the steps. If he runs into any trouble, anyone here should be able to help him out.
Jeez five years? I'm impressed.
Yeah no problem. It does surprise me that horween recommends VSC, as waxed flesh seems to have a heavier actual wax layer. But whatever works in the end!
Noctigon K1 is the newly released, popular thrower. Throws a small tight beam a ridiculous distance for its size. Manufacturer claims it can do about a mile. It's also rechargeable so you don't have to remove the battery and use a separate charger, though you still can.
I'm not exactly sure what your point is? That the flashlight shouldn't be recommended or purchased because there's been a single report of a problem thus far?
Apologies. I really didn't mean my question in a snappy way, but I can see how the wording sounds like I was being a bitch. I don't disagree with you, but at the same time I don't believe we should be that concerned based on a single report. No, Emisar/Noctigon is not perfect, but they're pretty damn good.
If you do enough research you'll find just about every war the US has ever been involved in is full of ulterior motives, and very questionable circumstances.
As far as Manafort, according to leaked texts between his daughters, absolutely.
What's the reason for always boiling salt water?
The fw3a has significantly less throw than my tc12.
You say it's not working but don't state exactly what the problem is. I'm assuming that based on the fact you said the auxiliary and switch LEDs are working, the primary emitters just won't turn on any longer?
What do you mean the change in the beam is noticeable? The emitter's square base is on the same plane or even behind the light source on a domed emitter, so I wouldn't imagine it's orientation would have any effect whatsoever?
Yeah I mean I guess I can see something resembling a square that close, but you're never going to be using it that close up. I'm looking at my flashlights right now and as far as the ones where the LED is clearly visible behind the optic, none of them are perfectly lined up. It's just not something that manufacturers would look for or bother with as it shouldn't make any difference.
Considering there is a noticeable difference between an emitter with a dome and one without, I think that much epoxy resin would have a significant effect.
No I am purely theorizing. I fully admit I could be entirely wrong.
Based on that attitude we should just start using all the silly nicknames and negative terms Trump and the Republicans have come up with rather than use anyone's real name.
Isn't that only for headphones? And if not, wouldn't it then completely screw up the balance when using headphones?
Louis Rossmann is a God among men.
You guys can ignore this child. We got in a disagreement in r/flashlights, so he created a half dozen alts and has spent the last week stalking me between subreddits in an attempt to harass me. It was mildly irritating at first, but now it's kind of sad. Hopefully he can find some meaning in his life someday, as he seems to be rather pathetic right now. I've actually been getting quite a bit enjoyment out of it, as it's remarkable he's willing to spend so much time and effort thinking he's upsetting me. Clearly I'm living rent free in his head. If I get tired of it, I'll block him. But he's already had a temp ban in r/flashlights for one name, and a permanent ban on another. The mods are aware of his others alts and have been monitoring him. The mods were also working with the site admins to look at IPs to see what other accounts were actually him, so I expect he might actually be looking at a site wide ban here shortly at this rate.
It's infuriating. Their ability to forgo all critical thinking and logic is mind-blowing.
The parroting isn't even half good though. For example, today I saw someone link an article about Hillary stating she would retaliate against Iran if they nuked Israel. He used that to screech "SEE! HILLARY SAID SHE'D DO THE SAME BUT NOW ALL YOU LIBS ARE TRASHING TRUMP AND BACKTRACKING AND PRETENDING SHE NEVER SAID IT!" The fact she was referring to a response to nuclear action was beyond his level of comprehension. Not to mention even most liberals would support action in that scenario, regardless of who is POTUS.
I thank the Lord baby Jesus every morning that my parents and my sisters are all progressive.
Says the guy who called me a retard for not having blocked this free entertainment.
&gt;in fact you proved he has power over you by forcing you to type that entire comment. Ah, the sweet irony.
Not only was it ironic, it's also sailing way over your head. I was referring to your comments and replies to me. Not your replies to him. Never mind, I don't have time to explain basic reasoning to you.
So basically, children can't be smart?
You realize being smart and being educated or having experience are completely different things right?
Did he end up buying this from you?
[WTB] Emisar D1S. I Keep missing posts about them so making my own request. Not super picky about color or tint though I obviously have my preferences.
Bummer, thanks!
They've made all sorts of claims regarding changes and new guidelines/rules over the years, and I've found they hold fast to just about nothing.
Yeah that'd be great. Thanks.
Replace the light or replace the battery?
Ahhh I see.
I still have a couple of those around the house somewhere that belonged to my ex-wife. I can't help but chuckle because they always have a couple burned-out LEDs and just not very bright in the first place. But I don't throw them away just in case I ever need it and don't have access to one of at least a dozen another quality flashlights I currently own.
I have no idea what the link that guy posted is, as it doesn't appear related to flashlights, but lots of Thrunite's offerings or have the rear and side switches.
Will you expand on this? I'm interested in what you have found.
I have ordered from Fireflies and International Outdoor, but I still dislike Banggood. I'm waiting on two shipped orders. One with a USPS tracking number that won't show anything until they get the package, and one with no tracking info. FF and Intl provided better tracking data.
I support duel loyalty, and I challenge you good sir! I demand satisfaction!
I'm not familiar with Orbtronic, but it's suggest getting batteries from Illumn over Mtn, as prices are much better.
Whatever you say Phat...
&gt;And keep it on flashlights buddy Oh the irony. Whatever you say Phat.
Uh-huh, whatever you say Phat.
Bernie Broads!
Lighter than steel, but significantly heavier than aluminum.
In this case yeah. It's kind of cool but it definitely isn't saving weight over aluminum. Fat never, only phat!
The show definitely got me re-interested, so I picked it up on sale to play again on my Switch.
Why are you summoning the bot on yourself?
Yeah I'm sure they recognize that, but instead of saying so they made racist and xenophobic comments.
He's saying it's ridiculous to provide that as proof. Of course he's not at the same numbers he was last time around. You're comparing percentages split between 2 people to percentages split between 11 people.
Exactly.
I'm sorry that logic and facts frustrate you so much.
I only use one in the bedroom when I run in to grab something and don't want to bother crossing the room to turn on a light. However I have a really crappy flashlight in there that I use for that. All my nice flashlights are on their special flashlight shelf being [proudly displayed](https://i.imgur.com/6kuRtEt.jpg). Doesn't mean I don't pick one up a couple times a day just to play with...
And that loss would be... what exactly?
Well I can't say it's impossible. But I'm pretty careful moving things around and don't have any kids or large animals to bump into it. But you do have a good point and it might be safer to flip it. What did you mean about the battery location? Just the way the weight is distributed?
Yeah, 5700k.
I'm only seeing one on Banggood. Is there no differentiation between versions?
Nice headlamp, but offers little throw.
Shush Phat.
I didn't realize we were making you suffer by expressing our confusion.
I have both an aluminum and titanium version as well as a digital kitchen scale. Can't do it right now but tomorrow evening I can produce weights if people really want them.
You don't want a black suit as your first, and you don't really want to wear a black suit to a wedding. And definitely not with a black shirt.
&gt;Pocket square and tie are also a good match. Complement, yes. Match, absolutely not.
They should complement each other, but never match
I've eaten a lot of cereals and found the store brand is absolutely not the same as the name brand in many cases. I found the store brands tend to be significantly sweeter across the board. This is obviously only in the disgustingly delicious sugary cereals I have tried.
Fuck. That's why I'm sitting in prison?
He said wax coated... Not teflon-coated?
Awesome. I was about to ask whether you thought it would fit an MF01.
Can you remind me what the pro designation means?
I have the same one. It's not all that useful for daily tasks, but god damn if it ain't fun to play with a real live lightsaber.
That's an Emisar D1.
You are my new favorite.
I think you are severely overestimating auto glass. You'd never get through a windshield with that, but you can easily shatter side windows with a flashlight.
if you're hitting the window in the center you're going to have a bad time. If you hit it as far into a corner as you can with a small sharp point of impact, it's going to break.
So what was your experience? It was just harder than you expected? Or you couldn't break it with any of them? Or only some were successful?
So what was your experience? It was just harder than you expected? Or you couldn't break it with any of them? Or only some were successful?
I didn't like the Wizard at first due to the warm tint, but once I got used to it I started to see what all the fuss is about.
Sure is! Too bad the emitters lack the same beauty...
I think I'm going to try some Zircon 804 and see what I think. might as well give the easier and cheaper options are shot first and see what I think.
My goodness, this is so beautiful. I'll have you know though, I didn't get nearly as good a deal on the MF01S. Not by 50%!
Guaranteed terribly.
Wait, you returned and requested a replacement of a flashlight because you fucked up the finish dicking with it? That's a huge asshole move.
That makes absolutely no difference. It's still completely dishonest and an asshole thing to do.
Holy rambling diatribe Batman!
Isn't this the same thing you submitted an hour ago?
That sounds like a terrible idea to me. Don't sell those two just to pick up the headlamp!
And if you look at the FW3A on Amazon, they're being sold by lumintop. Amazon is the middleman. You're not screwing a huge corporation, you're screwing lumintop.
Yeah I know, but it might be your best bet because I'm not sure you're going to find anything in existence that matches your request.
FYI, unless Ontario is super weird, the fact she was towed for a parking violation would have no bearing on insurance. It's not an accident or moving violation and the insurance company likely wouldn't even know about it or care if they did.
Their lights? Or a single model they made to appease a couple message boards and was known to be less than 100% bomb proof from the beginning? But as usual, whatever you say Phat.
Oh I completely agree Phat. It's very useful and a great brand. I just I hate to see those other two get sold.
Oh I see. Yeah we have the same things here in the US, I've just never heard them referred to as a black box. Though the term does make complete sense.
Nothing I find on the incident states McCain was to blame for anything that happened. Do you have facts that show otherwise? https://www.snopes.com/fact-check/john-mccain-fire-uss-forrestal/
You're being downvoted, but everything I see dtates you are completely correct.
That must have been purchased from a third-party seller that wasn't fulfilled by Amazon though, right?
I get this reference!
&gt;I believe it but just can’t see it. Ummm...
&gt;I don't think they have a lot of them, maybe just a dozen or so. 😂
&gt;it’s just waved off as something totally normal for an adult man to prey and groom little boys. Uhhh... Waived off by who?
Shhhh... We only like certain parts of the Constitution round here.
&gt;we know aid was never held up I thought the argument was aid was withheld but it was completely legal to do so. What are you basing this on exactly?
Thermal paste may make a huge difference for you. My console turned into a jet engine when I was playing RDR, but when I opened it up and there was very little dust inside. So I replaced the thermal paste and the thermal pads and it made an enormous difference. The fact your console is overheating enough to shut down means there's more going on than the fan just needing to work a little harder.
You're arguing against yourself. what you're saying you can transfer better into some solids, but also saying air flow will help cool it. Either air or solid material is going to be the better conductor, so why would you put it on something like aluminum fins that's splitting the difference between the two? There's a reason heat sinks make solid contact with what they're trying to cool and have the fins on the other end.
At the beginning I could almost understand her insistence that the kid leaves the dinner table if he or she is going to fart. They're called manners. But then she said that she doesn't let them fart in their own bedrooms? And will FaceTime them to monitor their farting? Holy shit that's next level crazy.
Let's not forget that fact that the raised bezel is ugly as sin...
Right, because the D4 doesn't have two separate options to lock it out...
Sure if you want to multiply four clicks by 250%. Or you just turn the tailcap a tiny fraction and lock it out mechanically...
As usual, whatever you say Phat.
I'm sorry you're so uncomfortable with yourself that you can't help but think about your weight anytime someone calls you by the main account you used here. You know... Before you got yourself banned and had to move on to one of your dozen other happy little alts. Hey, if you're able to fill that huge void by pretending to be lots of different people online, that's all that matters.
Hahaha. You're actually doing a good job at pretending to be outraged. It's okay phat_lazay_kat. We all know who you are at this point. I love how I say something to you here and you can't help but and turn up the stalking elsewhere. Thanks for the reminder though, I needed to block that newer alt of yours. I had forgotten about that one.
Paging u/mcfarlie6996 Phat is going off the deep end again....
This act might almost be believable if you hadn't replied with the same "why are you calling me fat?" schtick that you do with every one of your accounts. Well, in addition to your usual repetitive attempts to push buttons while pretending to be the victim and insisting people keep it to flashlights. We both know this is just faux outrage, but if you're actually trying to keep it discreet and not let every one of your alts scream that they belong to you, you might want to try not commenting in the exact same formula all each time... Now you're essentially going to repeat yourself and say the same thing you have the last three times, as you seem unable to walk away without getting the last word in. So... go ahead!
Phat, if you want to go back to flashlight I'm cool with that. But I first knew you about 18 alt ccounts ago as phat_lazay_kat, so that's what I'll continue to refer to you as. If you want to continue clutching your pearls and pretending to be outraged, that's your prerogative. I'd ask you again to keep it on flashlights but you seem to get so angry...
Whatever you say Phat.
Just to be clear, you call him Bernice because using a female name is some sort of an insult?
&gt;Extremely different from taking donations and pocketing money. Except when he misused campaign funds... &gt;the money spent on his businesses either got you a product or a service. Except when it didn't and he faced class action lawsuits...
Right, as long as you completely overlook and ignore all the white supremacist groups and organizations that have openly supported Trump... I'm sure your personal experience carries far more weight than all those groups at a national level.
Except he confirmed he was absolutely using it as an insult...
I see. So we're not okay with Bernie doing business with his spouse, but we have no problem with Trump doing constant taxpayer-funded business with his own resorts and appointing his children to government positions.
Your link formatting has problems.
The point is all the Trump supporters claim what Trump is doing isn't wrong though. So why isn't it wrong for Trump to do it, but it is wrong if Bernie does it? There's also the fact that Trump is using taxpayer money, and Bernie is using voluntary donations. It's pretty hilarious to watch you all clutch your pearls about how Bernie is spending the money that his supporters have voluntarily given him. Maybe you can leave the fake outrage alone and let his supporters decide whether they have a problem with it?
No, you never explained it. You said it was a spell check error and then you continued to use it as an insult. You've not explained how it's actually an insult. If you'd rather dance between issues because you're not actually able to answer the question, I understand.
Haha valid concerns. Figured I'd let you know.
Pepper spray is supposed to be used to deescalate and used in place of beating a physically non-compliant suspect. If they wanted him move and he wasn't listening they could have walked up behind him and cuffed him. If at that point he started fighting back maybe the pepper spray would have been explainable choice.
I'm so tired of seeing this fucking rhetoric. This weekend has shown nearly countless events of police brutalizing peaceful protesters. If it is indeed only a couple bad cops, the rest are just as culpable by allowing their behavior and protecting them from being ousted. Hope you enjoy the taste of those boots.
In this case, yes. There are plenty of videos and police departments using actual marker rounds and not OC rounds. I still think it's all bullshit and support none of it, but both are currently being used. OC far more than paint though.
Are you that dense? And a trigger-happy cop in the traditional sense is doing exactly what that product is used for as well. That doesn't make it right or reasonable. if it's for crowd dispersal, why are they shooting a man trying to run away from them? Seems to be pretty willing to disperse on his own accord. Clearly in this context he was referring to being trigger-happy with less-lethal resources. Only an idiot or someone being purposefully disingenuous would try to say he was accusing them of firing live ammo.
You really are living in the clouds. When you claim they're trigger happy in a scenario where they're holding a paintball marker and using it in a questionable way, it has absolutely everything to do with their use of a paintball marker. Why you refuse to believe someone could be trigger happy with a paintball marker rather than an actual firearm is beyond me, but I assume you just refuse to accept anything less than you being right. Use of a paintball marker in that scenario is binary. If you use it, you're reacting violently. How exactly do you expect to incapacitate someone by shooting them in the back with OC paintballs as they're running away? The cloud of OC is already behind them and they're moving away from it. They're likely to get very little if any in their eyes, nose, or mouth, and no way would it be enough to incapacitate them. But feel free to keep propping up this nonsensical argument of yours that you probably don't even really believe.
You are truly an idiot. You're posting definitions the prove you wrong and can't see it. Good night.
Except they didn't fire paint rounds, they fired OC rounds. Round which are meant to incapacitate combative suspects, and will have little to no effect when hitting the back of someone running away from you.
I'm not either lying nor parroting lies. I'm using common sense. Paint rounds leave bright fluorescent color behind, usually green. Show me where the bright fluorescence is in this video.
I said usually green as that's the majority of what I've seen, particularly in the last few days. I didn't say it was always green. And then you say I could be very well be right but you're still here arguing with someone whose opinion you claim to care nothing about? It it were a paint round you'd be able to see it even with all the excuses you just made. The fact you assume anyone with a different opinion than you is purposely lying is either projection on your part or proof you're just trying to be an asshole. Goodbye.
What in the hell are you talking about? We're talking about freedom of speech, and you're trying to tie in protests, looting and burning down Target? My point was people like you were in full support of a bakery being able to deny service to a gay couple, but are now up in arms and clutching your pearls when another private company decides they may no longer allow racist or factually incorrect conservative rhetoric. You guys claim to be all about rights, but actually only support those rights when they fall in line with your personal beliefs.
Jesus Christ. Unless you can point me to a page in there I missed, you're using statistics regarding the demographics of victims as your source regarding demographics of perps?
But your facts don't prove that... They prove that they're arrested at different rates, which is exactly what we're trying to tell you in the first place.
Benjamin Tod and lost dog Street band are both amazing.
I love Jason Isbell. But a lot of the time I don't even think of him as a country artist, though I'm not sure what to label him.
What if a medium-attractive person doesn't pose. Does that increase their attractiveness?
That doesn't sound like metal at all. I hear a beat and some overly loud effects reminiscent of some extreme version of EDM. No guitars or discernible melody.
Shouldn't they be friends and bonding over the fact both blacks and Irish were subjected to slavery?
We will accept your formal apology and resignation whenever you're ready.
Metal doesn't need guitars? Right...
And you're not? I'm just pointing out that you are again using the exception to try to prove your point which is a poor way to form an argument. Apparently all of us are gate keeping elitists since we don't agree with one person's opinion.
I see now it's not just me you're a dink to. You claim I'm arguing for the sake of arguing, and yet you can't help but get in the last word with every single person in this thread who disagrees with your insistence on shoving this shitty music into the metal genre. Nice try though. If you call every single person you talk to about this a gatekeeper, maybe we're not the ones who are actually wrong...
I'm sorry, please point out where I made any reference to Irish slavery in the United States?
Not in the US, but yes, they were.
And they both were. I didn't say they were both subjected to slavery in the same place, at the same time, or by the same people.
&gt;Go ahead and get the last word. I was continuing to reply because it was a conversation i still felt like having. I don't anymore. You can get the last word here if you want and you'll see me drop all my other negative discussions in this thread right now because this has gone beyond the level that i care. I don't have to convince you of shit. Oh the irony. First you accuse me of arguing just for the sake of arguing, now you accuse me of having to get in the last word. Hello pot, meet kettle. You go on and on in this diatribe about how you don't care anymore, and yet here you are acting like a child.
Yes, but I'm not sure what this has to do with my comment?
Please show me where cops have reported bad cops and been accused of doing so in bad faith? You're twisting the argument here. Them deciding to show up in a couple marches is meaningless if their actions don't back it up.
No, one of those bringing up information that's irrelevant to the conversation for the sole purpose of somehow trying to discredit slavery or claim it was all their own fault. Eat shit.
And yet, it still has zero relevance to the actual conversation at hand.
Wow. I didn't say he was a mod I was referring to the site's right to censor after your ridiculous first amendment claims. You're also so full of rage you couldn't take the time to realize I never even mentioned anything about the music. I don't like the songs that were linked and would never listen to the genre myself. &gt;You’re getting shit on and reaching so hard because you are wrong. Wasting everyone’s time to win an argument on the Internet. Hello pot, meet kettle. Why are you so angry?
I completely agree. Biden was one of my last choices, but I will still vote for him. However all those videos of him touching young girls really creeped me out. If the DNC or his campaign or anyone had done a decent job at explaining his history and loss, I would have viewed those things in a completely different light.
I had no idea about this. This makes me view his actions in a completely different light and the left has failed terribly at making sure people know this information.
How would stick drift cause movement on there's no controller connected?
Are earplugs as or more effective than muffs if the user isn't an idiot and actually gets them inserted to the proper depth?
But it doesn't apply here. It's protection from government interference, not a private company. So you actually have no freedom of speech beyond what the website deems to allow you. I'm sorry you can't grasp that.
No, you're just not intelligent to understand. Your freedom of speech is not protected in the sense that you can say whatever you want without repercussion. Any business or organization can choose to ban, restrict, or not do business with you. The only thing the freedom of speech protects you from are legal repercussions. I think you do actually understand this and solely insist on being an idiot for the sake of it. You can legally do whatever you want, just as reddit or any other organization or business can choose how they react to your behavior.
It does change something when your initial comment was basing justification on the fact he committed a felony.
I'm pretty damn liberal and a very harsh critic of cops. But I watch this and even I can't get behind all the liberal outrage. If I snatched a taser from a cop and pointed it at him, I too would expect to die.
Ok, but what the hell does that have to do with the question you're attempting to answer?
You're right, you're replying to someone who's answering the question. And yet, your response still bears no relevancy.
All I did was ask you a question. You're the one that responded with name calling and insults.
When and why did they stop updating the sales on Tuesday afternoon like they have been doing for years and years and years?
&gt;Demand that instead of "defunding the police" politicians stop using the police as a bandaid for every problem in society they don't want to fix, we're completely over reached on our mission scope. Aren't these essentially the same thing? Police are being used to deal with things that are outside of their scope. We take the burden of handling those tasks away from the police force and have a different program or organization handle it. We then take the money that was going to the police to handle those tasks and give it to the new program or organization. This is defunding the police.
These are exactly the type of things in mind when people talk about defunding the police.
How did they destroy your food by going through the items in your cart to see if you had more than what was on the receipt? I understand the inconvenience and I would be pissed too, but I am not quite following your claim that they destroyed the products.
Yeah, and? If they're going to cover a bigger portion of calls, they're not going to do it for free.
I don't know what shit you or your loved ones have gone through, but your position isn't any better than stoners claiming hemp is a miracle that will solve everything. Yes addiction is bad. Yes people can be psychologically addicted to cannabis. But claiming that addiction to cannabis will leave you as an empty husk with a destroyed mind and heart is a little hyperbolic, no? Plenty of people are addicted to things with few if any ill effects. The real soul-crushing addictions come from drugs that are far more damaging than smoking reefer.
&gt;You haven’t seen true marijuana addiction. I'm sorry, but I couldn't help but burst into it deep belly laughter upon reading this. The worst case of marijuana addiction doesn't hold a candle to a run-of-the-mill opioid or meth addiction. It has nothing to do with the physical intensity of the vice. It has to do with the physical intensity of the withdrawal. Sorry to say, cannabis withdrawal might amount to mild crankiness, a little trouble sleeping, and slightly reduced appetite.
And yet, despite the fact that may be true and they don't consider themselves to have a problem, cannabis addicts aren't the ones out there committing armed crimes to feed their habit. Cannabis users aren't the ones who are physically unable to function if they can't score that day. So when you talk about insidious addiction that sucks the soul and heart from someone, cannabis ain't ever going to be that demon buddy. After another poster commented about it, I too took a look at your post history. You clearly have your own personal demons, as we all do. But you are also a angry, hateful person full of spite and venom. Nothing you say can be taken with any real seriousness as you're unable to present a point without the underlying rage coming to the top almost immediately.
You are ignorant on so many levels. For one, bringing up your negative attitude in your post history is absolutely not an ad hominem attack. Please look up the definition before you try to spout logical fallacy lessons. Second, I'm well-versed on the issues of addiction, and clearly more knowledgeable than yourself. You're letting your personal trauma cloud your judgement rather than looking at this science and facts. Third, I haven't smoked pot in more years than I could possibly remember, so none of this comes from a position of trying to defend my current actions. However it's funny that after incorrectly accusing me of ad hominem attacks, you turn around and actually commit the offense. I'm not saying psychological addiction to weed isn't a thing or can't be problematic. But to claim it's comparable, let alone exponentially worse, to other drugs is laughable. Not to mention actually wishing another human being to suffer from addiction shows how deep your hate actually runs.
I had some of the main plot points spoiled for me, but I'm not one that cares a ton about spoilers. I heard that this subreddit was removing negative feedback, but have no idea if it's true. However I did see that The last of us 2 subreddit is nothing but a disgusting meme filled pit of hate. And when I saw the megathread on the PS4 subreddit. I expected warmer response but found all these people were talking about how they thought the game was absolutely terrible and acting like they had completed it, despite the fact it had only been out for 12 hours. Seems like half of this is people that are angry their sensitive male egos were offended, and half are just furious about what happened in the first couple hours of the game. I'm only a couple hours in myself, so I can't comment on the claims that the story is terrible, but I'm loving the game so far.
Because the fucking idiots and are looking for a reason to get upset about a muscular woman? Based on their logic, every single beautiful female CrossFit athlete has a penis.
Is there some evidence for Abby being trans other than the fact she's muscular? I've seen all this talk but it seems to be pretty unsubstantiated.
Yes, but let's not pretend that every single one of those people actually playes the game. Nor did I claim that other sub won't let you voice your opinion. I just said it's full of nothing but childish anger. A game has amazing graphics, sound, design, and gameplay yet still deserves a zero because these people thought the story was lacking...
No, I haven't. I'm still super early in the game. Like, only just barely getting into Seattle. So I don't have a score for the game or know how I'll feel. I just know that so far I'm loving it. I don't think the 10s are valid either, but I think something around a 7 is far more realistic than a 3 if the only complaint is the story.
I don't think that's a great comparison. With a steak and salad, the steak is comprising 75% of the meal. The salad is just a small bonus on the side. Though it may be a story focues game, to essentially disregard all those other excellent pieces the game has is a disservice.
&gt; is this not cool?? Bro, these were hugely not cool when they were first introduced like 15 years ago. &gt;I'm 28 and moderately cool I thought There are two possibilities. The first is you're the least cool dude in your town and just don't realize it. The second option is you are moderately cool, and by doing away with the super uncool pants/shorts, you will become king of your region. and please avoid normal cargo shorts as well once you do away with these zippered atrocities.
I usually find packing my stuff into boxes works better, but whatever you find is most efficient!
You have no way to know that she's not running low on oil. Her oil always needs checking.
&gt; They've learned they can't defend their views. Sadly, I have found this doesn't prevent nearly enough people from rambling on about their unsubstantiated political nonsense.
What's an exlipse?
Cows are funny. I've seen people describe them as very large, slow-moving dogs as they are super curious.
You realize actual totality is but a fraction of the total time an eclipse takes right?
Fuck. If my sister hadn't already had my nephew I would say at least we're failures together. But alas, I am alone in my failure.
But even before and after totality, despite being somewhat visible, the sun's total brightness is greatly reduced and still allows you to look at it pain-free. These are the periods of greatest danger.
Then I'm not clear on why you're claiming the commenter who said it was likely posed but still required tons of planning is getting upvotes from people that know nothing about photography? Isn't what he was saying and the people upvoting him agreeing with the fact that's despite being posed, it still took great effort and planning and is amazing?
Really? His wording didn't seem ambiguous to me. But no, he was saying that it was likely staged, but still took tons of planning to execute and achieve the amazing results.
Months of this shit and we still can't spell the virus correctly?
&gt;If that is the case in OP's area then OP's group could be facing charges. Charges for... Being loud and drinking and making out?
Right-of-way for the tide? On a lake?
My initial assumption is because she's a dumb cunt.
Very large lakes can be affected by the moon in an extremely small way. But even the great lakes are considered non-tidal.
And despite the skies claims about anything below the high water mark maybe being less than private property, nothing in the story comes close to qualifying for drinking in public.
If bt text to speech you mean speech to text, you might be right.
Oh I see, because you don't personally enjoy the game play, no one does. Good to know!
Again, it's good to know that because you think it's unpolished, there are no people in the world who played these games for the gameplay as much as the story. If anyone's being cynical, it's you. But more you're making a vast and simply untrue statement based on your own opinion.
Yeah, you're allowed to have your own opinion, but it's very clearly not one most people would agree with. You're claiming the focus of uncharted is not in the game play? Not sure which uncharted series you been playing, but definitely not the same one the rest of us have.
Exactly, an assumption. You do realize you're playing a video game where you're fighting zombies right? She's absolutely not bigger than all female UFC fighters. And it's not even close when you factor in their training and walking around weights when compared to their weigh in and fight day weights. Also, I'm not sure what you expect. When a woman has large muscle mass and low body weight, they basically lose their breasts. Why do you think so many crossfitters and bodybuilders get implants? So many levels of ignorance here it's embarrassing.
Are you able to effectively explain why I'm wrong, or are you only able to claim I'm delusional without any supporting argument? Also, your point about UFC fighters is relatively meaningless. UFC fighters are never the biggest, as they need to be fast and agile as well. Abby was physically modeled after Colleen Fotsch. So, I guess you're saying Colleen is trans? https://www.google.com/search?q=colleen+fotsch
Well that's just complete nonsense. You might be able to argue they made Abby a little bit bigger, but there's no way she's anywhere close to the claims you're making in size. And even pretending that your outrageous claim as true, rather than assume they chose take some artistic license in a game about fungal zombies, you assume that they intended Abby to be trans despite no supporting information whatsoever. Flawless logic.
Who the fuck is tyler1 and how is that even relevant? You seem to have some weird issues on accepting the fact that Abby isn't as big as you're pretending she is. She's not double the size of the person she was modeled after, and she is probably smaller than the one specific person you're using as an example. And even if she's bigger than this Tyler schmuck, you're still ignoring the fact that you could find one specific person to match any silly little narrative you want to try to paint. Also, I'm making no claims on the game's overall quality or story quality. I'm merely saying your insistence that Abby is trans because you insist on finding a rational real world explanation for why a female character has bigger muscles than you in a video game is beyond the realm of absurdity. I'm sorry you're threatened by her superior strength. But if ranting on the internet about how Abby was born a man makes you feel better about yourself, I suppose it's for the best.
Like I said, I'm not defending the story. But if reposting that meme also somehow makes you feel better about your own body, go ahead.
I never said Abby was portrayed as Colleen. I don't think you understand what the term portrayed as means. And no, she's not portrayed as a man. She was modeled on Colleen, and then the developers may have made tweaks to size and body structure. You're grossly exaggerating the size differences between Colleen and Abby. But like I've said multiple times already, let's go ahead and pretend you're right and she is bigger. Which again brings us back to the fact that in the video game about fungal zombies, you're so threatened by a woman having a better body than you, that you have to default to finding a real world explanation for why your body pales in comparison. If you honestly think these images: https://i.kym-cdn.com/photos/images/original/001/843/860/040.jpg https://cdn.collider.com/wp-content/uploads/2020/06/last-of-us-2-abby-character.png ...portray her as way bigger than these images: https://i.redd.it/nzxvo49g4jc41.jpg https://i0.wp.com/www.swimmingworldmagazine.com/news/wp-content/uploads/2019/10/colleen-fotsch-finis-faster-swimming-finis-video.jpg https://www.girlswithmuscle.com/images/full/1317291.jpg ...you're either blind or in ridiculous denial.
Then the attitudes and methods being taught by your family and school are disgusting and wrong. These are not the right approach. They're not even close to the right approach. Anything that points to the victim as holding any portion of the blame is the wrong approach. I can only assume you live in the deep, religious south.
Manipulating? I picked the top few photos of her that weren't so dimly lit you couldn't see anything. And the ones you attached still don't show her to be any bigger than Colleen. You've sunk so much time and effort into ranting about how terrible this game is, you refuse to give up any ground and admit that on this one aspect you might be wrong. It's actually really sad that you're spending so much time trashing something just because you dislike it Just to make you look dumber, here's a photo that nearly exactly matches your screen cap of her facing away. They look nearly identical. https://www.girlswithmuscle.com/images/full/1179957.png
Also, get out of your mentions? Do you really not know the difference between mentions and inbox? You not been mentioned once in this conversation, until now /u/Mikamymika Dumbass.
The same thing was posted yesterday, and as of last night the website was up and running.
There are departments that do require a bachelor's degree. Hell, I think the NYPD may be one of them. But clearly the NYPD hasn't been helped by it much... Actually NYPD only requires 60 credits. But that's still better than nothing.
To be fair, you can have someone in a chokehold but loose enough that they're able to breathe and get blood flow to the brain. You just maintain the position so if they struggle you tighten it back up. I'm not saying that's what happened here, but a lot of the replies I'm seeing are extremely hyperbolic and are pretending that a chokehold is binary and pressure can only exist at 0 or 100.
There was a lot of crazy running around and it was real hectic but eventually the humans won. There were four humans left though i'm not sure how many there were to begin with.
Same here. I reload these games so much because I'm so anal about every encounter going as I please. Only when an encounter is really big with tons of enemies and no good save point midway will I accept a less-than-perfect outcome.
Those fucking dogs have put a real damper on my ability to slowly and methodically clear everyone out without using a single drop of ammo.
I think to call Trump consistent is a bit of a reach as well. He'll say absolutely anything he needs to to appease his base. Usually he knows what that is, but when he fucks up he has no problem turning around and going in the complete opposite direction.
Except he was demanding they remove the prosecutor who was failing to prosecute or investigate anything, including Burisma...
No one is pretending he didn't say that, and in no way does that make it less creepy or weird.
No one is claiming that video doesn't exist. Except Shoki wasn't removed because he was investigating Burisma and digging up dirt on Biden. He was removed for his failure to move on anything outside of extort brides. &gt;The Obama administration and other governments and non-governmental organizations soon became concerned that Shokin was not adequately pursuing corruption in Ukraine, was protecting the political elite, and was regarded as "an obstacle to anti-corruption efforts". Among other issues, he was slow-walking the investigation into Zlochevsky and Burisma and, according to Zlochevsky's allies, using the threat of prosecution to try to solicit bribes from Mr. Zlochevsky and his team – to the extent that Obama officials were considering launching their own criminal investigation into the company for possible money laundering.
You're not going to get anywhere with this guy even if you show irrefutable proof. His history shows he does nothing but backup Trump and talk about how accurate Fox news is. He's either a lost cause or a purposeful shill.
That's what I had to do last night when I first started encountering dogs. It was just a big change and I'll have to adjust my gameplay accordingly. I hate killing dogs because I love them so much. But I'm far too anal about not missing any collectibles or pickups, so I have to scour every inch of the map and I'm not going to spend the whole time looking over my shoulder. So the dogs must die.
Okay, since you love to play the 'show me the evidence' game, please show me the evidence of the Clinton child trafficking and torture.
Wait, so you demand everyone else provide you evidence, but then refuse to provide the actual evidence when other people request it? How unsurprising. If there's proof, show it to me. I'm not taking you at your word that there's evidence on WikiLeaks proving child exploitation. And none of this is to mention the fact wikileaks is operating as a convenient Russian propaganda machine...
That wasn't a compliment. That was sexualizing. If you can't see the difference, you too are really creepy.
And what exactly are these random IPs you're tossing out their supposed to mean?
Haha, of course you could. Aside from the fact I didn't click any links in this thread, just out of curiosity to see whether you got even close, I checked the IPs of my devices. Except the IPs you provided route to Germany and Seattle. Making baseless threats to try to sound smart and tough doesn't work so well when you clearly have no idea what you're talking about.
So you threw those in there in an unrelated comment responding to me solely to try to prove how smart and clever you were?
Then again, why did you respond to my comment with completely unrelated IPs if not to try to sound tough?
I see you're completely incapable of answering basic questions.
I checked out the subreddit for TLOU2 a few days before release as I was really excited. I was completely blown away by the absolute cesspit that place is. It was full of nothing but vile hateful memes. They had all passed sentence and decided they absolutely hated a game they hadn't played based on the only the leaks. They had all decided that Abby was trans because she made their own physically lacking bodies look bad. They're disgusting all around and it's mind-blowing some of those people spend as much time as they do bashing a game online solely because they don't like it. I wish I had that much free time.
No just done with your idiocy. You played your hand too hard and are clearly purposely trolling. If for the slim chance you're not and you're really too incompetent to look a couple lines down in your inbox, I'm not going to encourage that behavior by repeating myself over and over again. Goodbye idiot.
I'm like 14 hours in and only nearing the hospital on Seattle day 2. I'm slow as fuck.
No one's saying you have to. But you also don't get to post a scathing review based on nothing but a couple leaked scenes and other assholes' opinions online.
Exactly. The game's official subreddit has been overrun by assholes like this who spend hours every day bitching about SJWs and how this game sucks because trannys.
But someone on here the other day told me nobody plays TLOU titles for the gameplay, as it's a story-driven game and that's all people care about. So there's no way you can appreciate and focus on the gameplay. Despite you thinking you like it, you must be wrong because that other guy said so.
Why are you so angry?
It was a joke dude.
It's called sarcasm. Why are you looking for a reason to be offended and then dictating the tone strangers are allowed to use on Reddit? Get a life.
The only one who sounds worked up and could use a bit of a calming down here is yourself dude.
What are you talking about? I have played both. The mechanics are identical. you can choose to change the settings so they're different, but you can do the same thing in third person.
Even if all this is true, which I don't necessarily believe, a few small changes to mechanics here and there doesn't vastly change the game play as a whole. 95% of the gameplay is the same.
Why is this so important to you? Like I said, you need to get a life.
Which comment? You had so many and they all amount to essentially saying nothing. There's no one who doesn't live inside that relatively empty head of yours that would know what you're talking about at this point.
It's funny that your insulting intelligence when I clearly already answered that one and you just don't have the reading comprehension to grasp it. Are you like 14 or 15 years old? Or just a really pathetic 20-something?
And I still ask, why is this in so important to you?
&gt;You're the one that keeps responding. Probably because you feel like you need the last word due to your ego being so fucking huge. You were saying? Something about "hello pot, meet kettle?"
He's one of my favorite current actors. Dude is a monster. Since you've seen Sicario, are you familiar with Taylor Sheridan? He directed Sicario as well as Hell or High Water, which was great. he wrote and directed Wind River, which is one of the best movies I've ever seen. And he's involved in the more recent show Yellowstone with Kevin Costner, that I also love. He clearly has a fascination with Native American culture, and you see a lot of similar themes in his works, but I've not seen anything he's been involved in recently that I didn't think was amazing.
It blew me away the first time I found out he wasn't European after seeing his character in game of thrones. Lots of European actors have an easier time playing chameleon with their accents in a way that a lot of Americans struggle with. When I heard his normal speaking voice for the first time I was shocked.
Why is it so important to you?
I know! It makes me chuckle, because nothing about his character in sons of anarchy was all that memorable for me. I highly suggest you check out Yellowstone, as it's also amazing.
He was agreeing with the same point you're trying to argue with him over...
