several states have already promised converts reservation and perks of the hindu caste. They eat their cake and have it. TBF, conversion is for social equality and reservation is for job and financial upliftment. Both are denied in Hinduism according to them.
(People's) Reviews are quite positive about it. They hail Soha's acting and say there is not much about Hindu-Muslim as they claim. Critics always compare it to titanic, where the main hero dies to save the people/ main girl. Apparently, you'll only see the whole anti-hindu angle if you are looking for it. Mainly, they try to potray Muslim as innocent, victimized saviour of the people / girl. And pralay came because bhramin family was opposed to the forbidden but love nonetheless. Kinda whacked imo.
how many 'a's will you put to bypass the automod. tsk tsk. Next you should start calling it AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAia
Title gore. Should the post be locked for whiny / biased title?
How does it matter? Pakistan claims surgical strike never happened. This is an advantage, we can go ahead with as many as required and they'll call us fibbers. It works perfectly to our advantage.
Tell that to the Ajivikaas.
Sorry guys, lil busy, will post debate in a few hours.
That would be brigading. Don't do it.
I let it be so that newbies know what is brigading.
This is not bakchodi.
This is not bakchodi.
describe more please /u/kalmuah Please look into it.
Do I look like I care?
[SC refuses to dump 'socialism', still a must for all parties - political parties must continue to declare allegiance to "socialism" enshrined in the preamble of the constitution to get recognition from the EC](https://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/india/SC-refuses-to-dump-socialism-still-a-must-for-all-parties/articleshow/6159967.cms) Technically, all parties are socialist. Calling anyone 'cow socialist' you are incorrectly insinuating that there exist non-socialists in india (parties).
&gt;change against and for flairs Done. Hopefully it will reflect in future summons.
All the sources are mainly Wire and NL, which are infamous for lean and bias. Request for alternate sources. Else the post can be speculated to be propaganda and possible misinformation, and subject to scrutiny.
I don't have a view on this matter. You're the one propagating this claim that democracy is derailed. You should be the one providing a balanced evidence.
Tell me, why the fuck would I care about how worldnews or politics is moderated? Why the fuck would I bother with a sub that has no relation to us (politics)? If you're paranoid, go be a piss head somewhere else. There is no need to spam.
Please follow civil discourse in the debate. Removed. will ban next instance.
Please do not start Meta drama in the debate. Removed. Will ban next time.
give us time. there is so much to absorb here, history and geopolitics wise.
What? How did you even reach this conclusion?
We are getting a lot of quality content from users like /u/lunginator and far too less sticky slots. We are going to upgrade our banner to accommodate such posts for a longer duration. New reddit will also be updated. Hope fully we'll have something by end of dec (Fingers cross, upto the code team)
How would people from behind me know if my front lights are on? I can see stuff clearly in front of me. Is that still a hazard? e: I mean, is there a requirement that people behind me need to know? In a well lit road, its hard to see yellow lights under orange street lamps.
Its not a lot. But sure, I'll have a 2nd look at my car lights.
What do you have in mind? No family (no vehicles), but I can try asking a friend, when they're available.
Not unless overtaking, no. I am a middle lane person.
&gt; you mean the normal running lights, yeah that's working.
Alright, will meet up with a mechanic soon to see what can be done.
they are working, as far as I can tell. Beyond that I've to ask a mechanic if its a visibility issue or something else.
&gt;This is a lie. Kissing and hugging is not considered as obscenity. Public obscenity is for nudity etc. There was even a kiss of love protest in Kerala. Read properly two-face. Did you coin toss to idiot again? I clearly said, this law is misused by police in such situations.
Hue. hue. Hue.
"Mein ek hindu topi aur ek musalmaan topi rakhne laga hoon" - Sadat hassan Manto.
what the actual fuck is wrong with you? Pray tell what have you assumed my personal moralities are in this case? 😂😂😂😂😂
😂😂😂 Bitch i've been PDAing even before you were born. So why would I say that? 😂😂😂 I did say staying safe from corrupt cops is more important, that's why never PDA if you are likely to get caught. Isolated areas are usually where couples go for PDA, and that's where the cops patrol to get their bribes as well.
good for you.
Why? I drive the speed limit, why would I keep left and block either lane for turners?
bro, i may or may not favor BJP, but I dislike congress. See my sticked post in my profile. That being said, there are some advantages when such a party wins - you know very well how they will work and function, making things very predictable (Even though very inefficient). Money corrupt, Minority corrupt, power corrupt.
Titling rules apply for Self posts + you've edited title wrt the tweet. You're free to delete and repost with the correct title.
&gt;Everyone can see through your bullshit. Good luck cooling your hurt ego. ​What makes you think such statements is going to deter me from calling out your lies? Educate yourself before you peddle crap. But I am guessing you've already picked a side, regardless of the truth in it, you'll support it. Firstly, no one pays attention to such people. &gt;And where have reelections held after these incidents? Also its interesting that machines malfunctioning seem to be favoring only the ruling party. If the ruling party loses, as it seems likely now, will you delete you post? Cos now you'd be accusing your own preferred party. &gt;The title said that there are massive amounts of reports about EVM tampering. The post is about mentioning those incidents and reports -- all factual. So many incidents during one election? Presented as a norm? You yourself have said incidents have happened in the past. Lies. Its no where as massive as you claim. I just said a few odd here and there. &gt;And so do my sources. Did you even read them? or them being from "biased" press made them completely worth skipping over and substituted by your assumptions about the content? I've read through your bullshit sources, and then called them out for what they are. &gt;No they didn't. "Etc?" etc what? oh child. They hold re-election, but it becomes inconsequential because these districts will vote for the winning party, as they feel that would benefit them the most. That's why its rarely reported. That's why simultaneous elections are preferred across the state. &gt;I am the only one backing all my claims by reports and sources. My opinions have been clearly mentioned. You still haven't backed your claims by any facts. You're claims and your sources are highly mismatched. Your source pointed out certain problems - while your claims was that democracy is fucked, there is 'massive' issues, and what not. Total bullshit. I called them out. I provided sources to support my argument. To give you the benefit of doubt, I asked you for better sources to Support "YOUR CLAIM" of "MASSIVE Derailment of Democracy" - you gave none, and asked me to provide source to YOUR claim. Fucking lol. Please learn to discuss and comprehend an argument. You wouldnt hold a candle in the real world. All noise and trash, and then high handed talk. lol. You're better off in your safe space child.
1700000000 (did I get the 0s right?), crore 2g scam says you're talking out of your ass.
If you want your own title: Put up a self post, write your own title (let it be as neutral as possible). Link the tweets in the self post, give your opinion in the selfpost while linking the tweet quoting the exact tweet words. (Needs to be multiple tweets, else it would become bypassing titling rules via self post). At this point, this is best we can do with the current rules.
Ah. well then BJP is fucked?
Oh, but we have a 70 yr history of congress corruption. What can be said of BJP? Do you have equal or similar proof? I have seen corruption by BJP, and they've suffered electorally as well due to it. But the scales are completely not comparable. Personally I am not completely against corruption - there are places, situation and instances where corruption is the only way to function and wont hold it against the party if they are corrupt, but I put a low ceiling for it. Nice whataboutism. Meaning, its not and your whine is just a piss whine. P.S: I am not pro-bjp per se. So please use some other insult.
arry bc kitna rone lage ho tum log. Result ki hawa hi suni hai. Baap re. Ppl PMing me 'Convert karlo', bc nalle log. 😂😂😂 Jo hoga dekha jaega. If your party did not perform well, well, yeah - We Indians are accustomed to bad governance anyway. We'll just waste away our youth population as we have done several times before. ...Maybe I should stop with my pep talk....its not peppy.😂😂
doctor kar dega with anesthesia. Get Muslim SC, OBC Women's quota after religion, caste and gender change 😂😂 p.s: This paranoia is hilarious. 😂😂
Bhai, sab hara kar denge. Ek side mazjid, dusre side church. Namaaz padte baptize ho jao. 😂😂
I feel pity for the guy who called hacking EVMs and "Massive derailment of democracy, EC compromised, etc" before congress won on global talk. 😂😂 now he will have to disprove that democracy is not being derailed and what not.
😂😂😂 To think Hindus would give up because a few states lost elections. Now why would a 5000 yr old civ give up over such a historically trivial incident
!Invest 10000
That's bound to happen.
Congress Media Propaganda has been effective then? Them holding all the news outlets at helm was effective? Or was it because of other factors on the ground?
thanks. Need to farm cake day karma, any recomendations?
Karnataka they fielded yeddy. People hate Yeddy. If they had fielded anyone else they'd have slightly better chance (they needed just 15 seats or so to form govt)
with whom do they align?
Need active users on the live thread people.
Sadly, there is a difference between a politician and an academic/economist. - A politician needs to, at the very least, know when to lie convincingly.
Well the other sub users are here to enjoy your tears. Will you show your strength or will you show your weakness.
We don't want trouble from your ilk. But no quarter if you do. I don't trouble you guys, so please respect that.
Well, good luck. I hope the majority is not oppressed further, nor the minority, with your govt. Tell your other mod team not to cause trouble as well to follow your lead. I know this situation is tempting given the situation, but don't fuck with the sub. Given the record, it wont take long to get more mods suspended for harassment and what all. :) You're free to enjoy and collect the salt if you get any. No baits.
I have other sub mods/alts messaging me "Their hard work in Rajasthan has paid off" lol talk about crazy on both sides.
Best Bait comment. Top kek
eh? What makes you say that?
Hello u/CatchEco. Your submission breaks [/r/indiaspeaks rules](https://www.reddit.com/r/IndiaSpeaks/wiki/rules) and has been removed for reasons listen below: * Ads, affiliate content and spam will be removed --- If you want to know more, reply to this message and a mod will help you
Unverified.
Adjusting to Secular 2019.
If BJP has any brains, it will take MP away from congress. It needs MP atleast for RS post 2020
Oh darn. The struggle continues.
yeah, no. If that were the case, congress should never have won again after so many times they have hogged power.
I've found that those bots creepy as fuck. If I die in a robot Apocalypse, I hope its not one of these bots - i'll have a hard time reincarnating with all that trauma.
We support Indian and Peaceful sikhs to the fullest extent. We do not support terrorists, khalistani or not. We reject them. Users who excessively abuse Sikhs by mixing both in the same pot will get a vacation from our Subreddit. **You have been warned.**
Need a news source.
thanks.
Please use mega thread. Removed.
Use megathread. Removed.
Use megathread. Removed.
Use megathread. Removed.
Use megathread. Removed.
Please use megathread. Removed.
Please use megathread. Removed.
When a Megathread is up, all posts related to the topic is to be posted there - self or otherwise. Alternatively you can wait for megathread to get unpined to post your post. This is to try and keep variety on the frontpage.
Please use megathread. removed.
Please use megathread. Removed.
We are having a several submissions related to the elections and its results/analysis. We want to keep the front page free for other news as well. So until the post in pinned, all new posts will be removed. You are free to post once it gets unpinned.
Megathread please. Removed
Please use megathread. Removed.
Where do they get the weapons? Guns are not available to the public in Australia, so all illegal?
Its simple. Everyone who eats meat registers. This way, if you truly want to protect the Jews, and further reputation of your country - you go for Herd immunity by registering. Its not necessary you consume it, right? It only allows you to eat it, should you choose to. #Edit: The asshole OP is misinterpreting my comment elsewhere on reddit, so to clarify: &gt;My comment was in response to the Original post who said that the swedish or whichever country government is making a list of people who wish to eat kosher meat. He then compared it to nazi germany where they made such list based on cultural uniqueness - so that jews could be identified later (You know what happened next) &gt;All I said was, if the people think they (Govt) is profiling jews using a register for 'legal/food supply reasons' (in the name of how much kosher meat needs to be produced), everyone must register then. Such a list cannot be missed now - so no one can be persecuted. &gt;What's the worse that will happen? There will be an excess of kosher meat. But everyone will save the jews (That's how vaccination works against disease). &gt;If the entire country registers, you that 'list' becomes useless. **That was my suggestion as a way to protest.** &gt;That's all.
exactly. I haven't see much violent crime in Australia. Which is quite interesting.
What did I tell you?
Borderline but fair, lekin sab bait kar rahe hein toh ignore karo; ye bhi toh bola tha. You're on the clock - make best use of it. Acchi baatein karo. avvy muh lagne ki zaroorat nahi hai.
And here I am thinking what do I write to make myself unique on my LinkedIn. Dayum.
No meta drama.
Use megathread. Removed.
There is a nice drive for bikers near chandigarh and Shimla, called morni hills. Its great for a group of guys or double couple. Make sure you travel by day. Its a challenging hilly path, you can climb from one side and exit from the other. nice venues, few small village hotels around, decent food as well. It wont take too long to travel. Lots of Mustard crops or other beautiful fields on route.
I am perfectly fine.
Lol, you sly son of a bitch. You twisted my absolutely pacifist statement into what your brain thinks every second. ----- My comment was in response to the Original post who said that the swedish or whichever country government is making a list of people who wish to eat kosher meat. He then compared it to nazi germany where they made such list based on cultural uniqueness - so that jews could be identified later (You know what happened next) All I said was, if the people think they (Govt) is profiling jews using a register for 'legal/food supply reasons' (in the name of how much kosher meat needs to be produced), everyone must register then. Such a list cannot be misused now - so no one can be persecuted. What's the worse that will happen? There will be an excess of kosher meat. But everyone will save the jews (That's how vaccination works against disease. Those with weaker immunity get protected, since the disease cannot reach the susceptible). If the entire country registers, you that 'list' becomes useless. That was my suggestion to protest. That's all. --------- You've proven by your intent that, Snakes like you will remain snakes. Pathetic. While I hope you'll apologize for this absolute abhorrent interpretation; I don't expect it from scum.
* So I watched Hero Mask (Netflix), the chic(s) is hawt (which is rare for anime. They always make them cartoony with strange proportions). The story is slow, and 7/10, but nice. * Battle of Saraghari is also on netflix, but omg its 65 episode long, donno, I just started. * I also started 1983, a polish drama similar to Orwell's 1984 (There is a lot of montage and reference by showing that book in the scenes). * I also want to talk about [this fucking movie review](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-kcDeciQo6w) - Not a Movie Review by suchitra tyagi. She calls herself a critic, but says, "I don't know who I was rooting for, I felt sympathetic to the villan's cause and . Bad movie." * I was like "OMG! if a director can achieve that, that's actually really good story telling!" serious dumbass. Koi bhi review karta hai kya? (I haven't seen 2.0, I just saw the review video)
Yeah, nah. You reported that I referred to jews as a disease, while I very clearly compared them to be protected by the herd. While those who were trying to track them down were the disease. Clearly your comprehension is not something one can fathom. 1 sentence needs 5 paragraphs of explanation, yeah, sorry. Nor do i think i can mime over the internet. I won't bother you as well. Since you respected my request not to interact, I'll take back the more mean things i've said. Goodbye forever.
7/10. Animation is good, story was unnecessarily drawn out. On a scale of B99 (Fast cinematography/dialogue delivery) to MindHunter (Omg So slow, its like they think audience are retards and need 10 seconds to interpret every dialogue), its midway closer to Mindhunter. As a whole, the story seems less interesting because the audience knows the story, but the characters are in the quest of discovering - such story telling will elicit the response you've just mentioned. It becomes a "thrilling story" if the audience discovers the story along with one (or more) characters.
Technically A NOTA win favors the incumbent govt / the 2nd highest vote getter. On a lighter note, this might put an end to all that "EVM is hacked" drama.
You aren't supposed to keep falsely accusing mods, abusing and harassing them for trivial reasons. But you keep doing it. I really don't think Mods have any more or less rights than users who freely abuse them. Just cos we are mods, you expect us to take all your bullshit? Please. Pray tell why should my mod team have this much tolerance to be treated like crap? ------------ You'r strike wasn't revoked because none of us had time. All you had to do is say, "Hey metal, my previous strike was revoked, maybe you guys missed it...." That's all. I've said several times - there is no power here. Its all in your head that you guys get butthurt over nothing. But all I ask is, treat my team as humans, and it'll be reciprocated. If you want to continually address us with disgust, I will call you out sooner or later. It's absolutely professional to ignore pathetic people, and if that doesn't work - call out your attitude. And even if that's work, out of sight out of mind. May those people wallow in their own hate and perish in isolation, or those of similar mindset. We cannot be their pin cushions. Period.
https://www.reddithelp.com/en/categories/rules-reporting/account-and-community-restrictions/do-not-post-violent-content Its pretty clear in the site's rules.
Lack of empathy for caste problems and similar crime is not something we mods can condone. It is similar to agreeing or supporting the act of harm. If you still differ in opinion, feel free to ask the admins to consider your case by directly mailing them.
Sure. And I was busy and couldn't check up on it.
lol
I said that mainly cos the roads aren't well lit, and the animals start crawling out. I once saw a huge Sambhal deer when traveling at night, it was so dark, wasn't sure if it was a leopard or a deer until we had lights on the beast.
what the actual fuck?
Ofcourse I am, but seriously - I expected him to atleast PMing me or some other mod before even thinking of this reddit hara kiri.
&gt;But here's the main question that plagues me, does this name issue matter now. Bharat, Hindustan, India which is the real country? Do origin myths matter? Its an interesting question. This is the question of Identity and the politics related to that would be more complicated for older civs. I have been working on a write up for this, hopefully will post when ready. It would not be able to compare with your highly informative posts, but I will aim it to be. --- On topic, So you're in a way saying Bhutan = tibet, more or less. While I am aware of this, how does that change current political situation - where those who hold it, will mold history to suit their claim.
Yeah, but one wouldn't assume it was going to be this literal.
1. They said they are looking into it. It takes time. After a complaint is filed, they respond usually 3-6 days later that that the are looking into it. 2nd, they dont always inform us of their decisions, "Due to the sensitiveness of the security issue, we may not be able to reveal the details of our investigation." 2. Yes, we are looking into it. Will go for it as a last resort.
*Nationalistic policies are detrimental to the country. Its funny every time, cos it never makes sense.
Because nothing will change except some hindu issues being solved. Hinduism by itself is secular and accommodating, but the pseudo secular constitution is taking away too much from hindu institutions at a war footing.
Shit-tire post from wooster once again. &gt;I guess wasting Rs. 3000 crores on a fucking statue makes sense to you. It does't matter what I think. If any political party wishes to dislodge the congress, it has to move away from all the projection congress has done spending government money on. If you compare, congress would have spent 10 to 100 times more the amount of money to push its soft power, of sorts. If you don't get it. Continue to be a sheep in understanding politics - complain about trivial shit like you always do. &gt;Says the guy living in a Christian country. Irrelevant. &gt;Why don't you go to India and spend your money/taxes on the 'dharmics' instead of paying taxes to the 'ricebags' or the 'vatican' by living where you do currently. Irrelevant. &gt;The biggest nationalists are those living outside the country. Irrelevant. &gt;At least I don't pretend to be a nationalist. What do you pretend to be? I'd love to hear a joke and laugh.
So now you are abusing congress, before that you said the were like your god. Did you just change your plate completely? Cognitive dissonance? fucking lol. MMS was a good finance minister but a bad prime minister. He was able to be good FM because he had no other alternative geopolitically, situationally, etc. It was either follow the suggestions of the US led powers, become capitalistic (abandon decades of soviet funded communism/socialism). While I am not taking away form MMS, I don't think he had much choice in the matter. Come now, do you really argue with this shallow understanding of things? lol You can respect that as much as you want, but if a party did not see it coming for decades, it doesn't deserve my respect.
&gt;All hindus Never said that. Don't strawman it. &gt;Defend themselves from what? Global cultural war. Indian muslims are least of their worries here. Since we are talking about different things here, I am going to ignore your reponse. &gt;It feels childish because you are treating the differences between the two communities as irreconcilable. Perhaps, but then again. Not all hindus. &gt;If you on the other hand, try working to provide a level playing field. As long as you have politics, you'll never actually have a level playing field. So, politicians will not allow that - in a fair and balanced society, there is no need of politicians. True Secular is a pipe dream as of today. And I reject pseudosecular.
That's bullshit propaganda. No party can stand for it and survive. Don't be so commie that u think father is sex offender for giving birth to you.
Has been repeated so many times. You are here for long. If you are still deaf, then you don't want to read/listem. No point talking then. No on wants to kill non-hindus. That's in your head. If you are going to represent some but job's comment as the norm then you are a nut job too. Better to ignore you as well.
I don't get how you guys would celebrate this, while I understand the anti-pakistan sentiment this is not going to benefit India geopolitically. Its not some far off country. If our neighbor suffers, we'll also face the repercussions. There will be refugees, there will be more strife, which will spill over and so on. It would be a dominoe effect. Its not like 71 where we can waltz in and do something.
Take meta drama to MMD
99% of our lives is led by doing irreligious activities. This % may decrease perhaps in social gatherings, important life events, or in older age. The younger you are, you are preoccupied by worldly things - Study, Relationships, pleasure, Worry, Work and future. When you reach an age where you have to raise another human, or take care of them - you will start introspecting: * "What do i teach the child, so that he/she doesn't make the same mistakes as I?" * "How do I make the child a good person, but not so good that he comes last?" * "How do I give the child the strength to face life's challenges, even when I am not around?" * "How do I teach my child to function well in society, and move ahead?" and so on. One of the places where all of this is distilled and easily absorb able is religious teachings. Ofcourse, there are other places too like school moral science, history, Social Studies, etc. * But a lot of this is always impregnated with current political propaganda. * A parent is likely to believe an age old, tried and tested medicine, to a new age pill. At best, he would let both of them in. **Point 1** Additionally, Religion is intrinsically linked to culture which is linked to identity. So, while religion talks a lot of irrational and archaic stuff - most people know this and still follow it - because some of the other stuff is valuable. It answers questions to the satisfaction levels needed, about things that science and modern philosophy leaves unanswered until further evidence. People don't live longer lives than Science or knowledge, so they will need something to settle their mind with, to go about their lives. * Who am I? Why was I Born? Why am I born in the situation I am born in? Why am I in a different situation compared to another person? * Where will I go after death? Is there a meaning to all of the things I do? Will me living a consequential or inconsequential life affect me after everything? * Several people contribute to make one person's life consequential - like those working in a company, which is reaped by the company, Directors, shareholders; those working in the government, is reaped by the leaders; those working in a family is reaped by the children (or not) - Does that mean I am giving away my place to them? Have I contributed or would it be calculated as their contribution...? and so on. Science gives vague answers to this, while religion gives answers which are more appealing to the individual. What is the real truth? Who knows. **Point 2** 2. What makes people hate another religion? Personally I don't. Although, the reasons are sort of similar to every other form hate generated - competition, bad actions leading to bad perception, propaganda, inhuman beliefs, and so on. **Point 3:** 3. Identity through traditions and rituals. Religious or not, they have a place for human physical, mental and social development. Just like doing headspace, going to the gym, formal interactions helps improve all your qualities - so do religious traditions. Secondly, while science does not have a 'spiritual' factor, religions do. If one is unable to understand complex philosophies of their religion, they are advised to just follow rituals in the hope that one day they will introspect and it will make them realize the meaning of it all. At the most basic levels it helps build discipline, humility, wisdom, and so on. Which are also important life traits. **Point 4** 4. Identity, purpose, will &amp; prospect to live and strive for a better future, passion, peace of mind, compassion, kindness, conscience to be true/truthful, humility, to be social, to be helpful to a fellow human, to think above animal desires and survival, and so on will be eroded or lost. if you look at science reports, they more often than not tell us that our instincts are animal than human. We behave like humans because it benefits us socially - which suggests we will betray it as soon as we find better benefits in betrayal. Then what keeps us more human than animal? P.S: I wouldn't say I am ritualistic or traditional, but I rely on religion and culture when Science and modern education fails to answer my questions.
https://twitter.com/IndiaSpeaksR/status/1073739024722944000
Monthly Meta Discussion. We address all subreddit issues (Apart from Modmail/PMs) and drama in a dedicated thread (Linked on the sidebar). This gets refreshed every month. You can see a list of all MMDs posts on our wiki (Meta section). We do this to keep trivial meta drama from derailing general and on topic discussions.
1. People are untrustworthy as fuck. Altruism and good behaviour is very rare. 2. ~~Tanah-shahi~~ Taane-baazi is the norm, and they are not joking. They are hiding their criticism and dislike in jokes. 3. Its always give and take - if you have nothing to give (Of good value), you cannot take anything. 4. Elections and different parties in power does not change the system when it is also a product of the system. 5. The only people who have a goodwill towards you will be your parents. No more. 6. Freedom comes with responsibilities that weight too much. Sometimes you start fearing such freedom. 7. Twitter.
lol.
its a meme
oh bc. I thought it was when the umpire felt like it, like "yahan sun hai, I'll go other side" and then everyone changes.
I donno the English equivalent to it. Its like sarcastic Criticism, but at a very acidic level and very frequent. The movie "Dum laga ke haisha" has tahah-shahi like almost every other dialogue, and after asking around I was told thats how a lot of UP families generally talk to each other.
oh. my bad. i'll correct it.
of other family members. At my home, we dont do that generally.
Right? Even I felt the same way.
Format it properly please :).
I knew how they do it, but when I saw the diagrams, I was confused. I thought the pee pee goes inside the V shaped chamber for quite a while. Then you see statements like, "Ah! You're hitting my cervix" ....and I had to reopen the diagrams and relearn. Cos I was like, "Cervix toh kab ki paas ho jana tha"
It can happen.
1. Mughal-Maratha war and how Marathas lost at Panipat. 2. What exactly happened with Alexander and Indian border wars. Why does our school books say Chandragupta defeated his successor/army. 3. Which were the greek/roman kings/kingdoms that ruled Delhi, how much did they influence culture, bloodlines, etc. 4. How far West did our Kings go? The maps in school showed up to Afghanistan and it went beyond it, but no idea till where. 5. What's this Mittrani kings/empire we keep hearing about. What war did the win? How did it change our history?
We did not with BD as well, but when when shit hit the fan, we had around 1 mil refugees. Economic strife leads to civil strife as well, as we have seen in venuzevela, columbia, etc.
What does it mean when they lie on their back when they see a human/animal?
"Nature's curiosities"
Nice movie.
Please follow titling rules. Locked.
Please follow titling rules. Locked.
Kya bol diya Pappu ne?
MMD for queries. If we allowed it, anyone can take a pic of a news paper article and title it however they want - and then say "Image hai". I understand that the subject of this image is the corrections / with a pen, but allowing it will leave room for other users to Bypass titling rules this way. Use a self post for such posts next time.
Votes will tell.
1. Going abroad (Developed nations) does not mean most of your problems get solved; it just means you struggle for different things - perhaps not for basic necessities. 2. Most of you on the sub already know, but we've never had access to PoK and GB since Independence even though we study in school that it is part of India. I am sure there are other regions like this. 3. There are only about 25,000 (As per Constitutional demographic counting, its like a large Tribe) Sanskrit Speaking / well educated people in India - our last link to our entire heritage.
There are only 25k people who are somewhat properly educated in Sanskrit (Speak minimum, Read &amp; Write atleast to a reasonable level)
On Traffic: 1. Following of traffic rules 2. We don't follow the rules, we have a lot of misdemeanors in Traffic language as a society. (Not keeping intersections clean, not using turn signals to change lanes, etc). We dont even follow the speed limits on regular roads (Go fast as you can in an empty road is the logic because there are no signs to know what speed one has to drive at). There are dozens of such issues on traffic behavior. We don't even have a proper conflict resolution in case of an accident - if a bike hits a car - the bike fellow is in the right because he's the poorer vehicle. There is road rage and fighting, barely anyone have proper insurance to solve the matter quickly and so on. 3. Proper Traffic education a must - not to learn from papa, Uncle, chacha, schools that teach you jugad ways. Patience on Streets is very important. The whole language and vocabulary is "Officially and Legally" taught, but no one uses them in practice. We may not have the latest infrastructure to manage traffic, but technically have learned enough on paper. None of it is implemented though, like most road signs are almost non-existent to be followed properly. 4. In short, you cannot. Its impossible. as it needs all of these (i) Digitized - signal cameras, Car cameras, less driver-police interaction (to prevent corruption), (iv) Very high Traffic fines, (V) System where you cannot have more than a few infringements on your license, etc Abroad, a traffic infringement can cost from 100$ (Wrong parking) to 2500$+ (Speeding), which quite a toll on salary and income; along with all of it via cameras and digitally recorded - not much/no one to generally bribe and pay less money. Since you can bribe a computer, this incentivises good behavior greatly. Very rarely you'll find a traffic cop pulling you over, for a fine - and even that it recorded for various reasons. Since this won't be upgraded in India for decades, our traffic situation is not bound to change. Thank you congress for so much corruption, that even those who want to follow rules, have little infrastructure to rely on. --------- On Social privacy and conduct 1. Social privacy and conduct is very pervasive. 2. Due to our over population and close knit culture we have nor give no space in private lives. Everyone gossips around the world, but they don't cause major impediments to everyday living. Neighbours always comment, family comments on clothes, attitude, relationships, children, and so on. In all due respects, it is perverse in the name of "Preserving culture, honor, respect, and so on" 3. "Your personal live is none of my business." Clothes, attitude and conduct can be talked about but not harassed by any rando on the road. 4. In Short, you cannot change this. Its impossible. While the government can enact laws and say, "Such such things are not right" - that govt will lose elections as it means they dont care for what culture their children follow. ---- Hmm, I just realized, the two big problems of our society I mentioned is unsolveable according to me because everyone - people, govt organizations, politicians, infra, etc has to change - and since no one will, nothing will change. Grim.
Your mom.
Discord is a very closed space. and its basically a chat room, with no/little filter. That's not a great way to discuss issues. It will be echo chamber
1. If you're asking such a question, I'll assume you do not value individual rights and personal freedoms. I seems Individual liberty and right of choice is not of importance or consequence to you. While it is a terrible outlook, I don't think that matters. So Instead of calling that out, I'll give you a different prespective a RWer can understand. Things that RW value. (a) This prevents healthy relationships from forming, weather it is familial or love. (b) People getting pressured into arranged or arranged-pressed-to-love marriage are more often than not having terrible marriages or heading for divorce. Arranged marriage divorce rate is rising because of such needless stress. (c) RW wants intercaste marriage to abolish hard borders on caste, creed and even religion - but such Social pervasive interference also prevents this from the get go. It takes 6 months to 2 years to form a reasonable Man-Woman relationship that can give an oppurtunity to marriage. With Increased interference, this will either keep breaking, it would be fractured/damaged, forming abnormally or priorities will be given to characteristics that wont favour long happy-ish marriage. All of this will lead to troubled children, degradation of culture and so on. (d) In India, most of pre-marriage relationship, thrill and excitement is generated from escaping form people's eyes and courting. This completely disappears after marriage - so all the excitement and passion a relationship generated disappears within a year or two after marriage. Couples are either forced to have children or choose to so that they have something new to do - this is a very unhealthy way of building relationships - and future will be strained. If people aren't pervasive, the relationship can bloom or perish on its own, these things are discovered and eliminated early on, leaving room for a more healthy relationship. 2. I know, I started out trying to give a solution - and in the process realized that the people are never going to change these innate behavior. That's why I felt its impossible. Perhaps if the liberal generation completely abandons religion and culture for a decade, realise what's good for people-to-people interaction ; and then go back to culture for other needs - perhaps only they would be (The first people to be) open enough to solve this relationship and social perversion catch-22. 3. No. Rewards and punishment won't work in every case. Government actively tries and advertises it. There is more everyday reward in not following these rules to the T. In a country/world where those who break rules are rewarded more than those who follow - sooner or later everyone will break the rules. Its like the classic socialism example - where a professor pointed out why socialism does not work in a classroom by averaging out grades of the entire class and giving everyone the average grade. People see those who break rules benefit more (in traffic, lesser wait times, escaping signals, and going unpunished) so those who follow rules will learn that - when there IS NO System to punish rule breakers, then those who follow come out last. IMO, Both Infrastructure and attitude go hand in hand. One simple way for traffic rules is: Cordon and digitize a traffic area, where rule breaking within that area (Say 1 KM Radius in a busy city area) will incur massive fines. So while people behave vagrantly everywhere else, will follow rules there. Like Rule breaking gets fined 10x amount, it would be all automated, not much police intervention. All photos, digitized etc. * However corrupt a govt it, it can still give enough money to have latest tech in a 1 KM radius. In a few months, several Lakh people will commute through that area - it would be an education chamber of sorts (If you want to head through, better read up). * This will slowly, through grapevine and experience instill good traffic behavior in that 1 KM area whenever commuters are travelling through that area. * Every few months increase the Radius. This is the best Idea I can think looking at cost, corruption, attitude, Infrastructure and such limitations considered.
That's the worst possible suggestion I can think of. In such a space, one could recruit for terrorist groups, needless protest, Separatists, Call for assassinations, Plan for the same, Harassment of individuals, Harassment of women or sensitive factions - rape and murder threats. Chasing you to the ends of the platform via multiple people and multiple alts to make your existence on the platform extremely uncomfortable. A new era of harassment would ensue. All social and cultural norms would be tossed out of the window in such a space - these norms were formed by the society after several millennia of trial and error on what works. People who suggest absolute FOE don't know shit about its consequence. IMO such people fell on their head when they were born. Because more often than not it is misunderstood. FoE was conceived to talk about uncomfortable things in a comfortable environment. Not to speak in the most uncomfortable and uncouth way.
What you did was meta-drama, bait and attempt to derail the thread/discussion. Since this is not the first time, its also spamming. If you continue further, I'll consult admins and suggest harassment. That being said, I am going to overlook it. Because, it does not affect me. P.S: on your malicious attack comment - yes, my example and suggestion was from own personal experience. And yes, It worked. I hope that'll put an end to this conversation and trolling. Quote it again, and I'll consider it as mentioned above and act accordingly.
Coco was banned for it. We first tried talking to him several times; to refrain - he said he would stop but continued. That's why we banned him, after everything failed. I will ask you the same. Ask you to stop, unlike cocowave, you've attacked me on your sub, targeted me, entire MMD threads are attacks on me - while some are legitimate arguments, others are mere rabble rousing. Please, don't make use of freedom on this subreddit to continuously target me or the mod team. It is as much in my right to attempt various ways to prevent from one user from harassing another; as it is to prevent from annoying me. I will ignore as long as it doesn't interfere with my mod stuff or general discussion.
Nah. Mods did not see that comment. We only observed if Coco was responsive or not. After several talks, he felt we won't do anything , that's why we chose to ban - talks was goodwill on our part. The same thing applies to you.
Accepted. But My point is to what extent? if you make a habit of it to the point of annoying, ... I mean, as a mod most people would dislike me so this sort of thing comes with the position, I understand. Walrus posted my name on his sub as worst mod, tried to get me impeached, tells in every possible meta thread that I am the worst mod, Brings out 9-10 month old comments that I had and quotes it as though I am abusive in every single comment, some how juggles it to call it a mod abuse and what not - all of this I tolerate. Mind you, he's not the only user's shenanigans I tolerate. They've had their own merry band. When he starts trying to target my general comments repeatedly with my personal experience, then when I say stop it (Basically saying that discussion is over, get over it), tries to derail mod events, tries to generally affect mod related functioning and effectiveness - it makes it difficult to overlook. I am politely asking him to stick to his protests, don't attack my general participation as well. Thick skin? If anyone has tolerated more on this sub after Walrus' tolerance to sub's abuse (Which I've appreciated elsewhere; albeit in a weird way), that would be me. I've never had any personal vendetta against anyone, and even now I don't. There is a difference between protest and interference. Please protest, but don't make our user experience in regular sub a minefield. I would have taken the same action had anyone targeted anyone else on the mod team. I have taken a similar action when he himself was targeted. Ignore first for a while, talk next, talk again, talk once more, action later. Lastly, Coming to r--indian mods - Nowhere I've shown the same level or bullshit as an everyday norm. So, kindly dont insult me with such a comparison. It would be completely unfounded. While our similarity would be to mod when necessary, it ends there - our premise of our actions are completely different. Yes, once in a while I have to make exceptions - if a smartass comes up trying to game the rules and fuck the sub, I will have to do something (Luckily other mods move faster than me on such situation). I don't regret that.
They are not better or worse than any other Indian people.
Neither. I am just saying Drm took the decisions in that situation. He was more aware of the situation than me.
We're done here. We're going around in circles.
&gt;The former may be due to varied reasons like from serious psychological problems to just plan old non interaction with opposite sex during formative years. Nah, you're the the one trying to bring teenage innocence into it to separate the two. Rejection of your idea by someone else causes irritation to most people. Someone else's idea that may threaten your view or cause misinformation 'according to you' also causes loss of temper. Weather it is Barkha dutt or TI, there are several twitter handles who threaten and abuse. I am not taking silly abuse like idiot, bastard, etc. There is some vicarious pleasure when such threats are used. Don't tell me you've not seen abuse/threats where they are communal, demeaning and inhuman. Don't tell me its just frustration. People need to man up, you can say that when you live in a cloak of anonymity. Not everyone enjoys that - to be taken seriously people put their position and experience. Sitting in a safe keyboard, its easy to say. What's the best alternative? Use a new account, block them, and so on. But such language when used as a tool online or offline to silence opinion via threats, I wouldnt consent to promotion on such unsocial interaction in the garb of manning up. Sure, I'll agree that benign or loose moderation can be stepping stone to policing speech, but you've also agreed that unwelcome content must be unwelcome - refuting your own premise of Complete freedom of expressoin. Let's take a simple example, When you're talking face to face with someone if your opponent says "I vote for congress because I think Rahul gandhi is cute and has a clean image". How would you react when you're in person? How would you react online? How do you think other people react? How do you think core supporters react? Absolute freedom of expression removes such social levels of decency. Ofcourse, I am not saying its a good idea to restrict speech, but there is nothing you can do when most people do not know what to use it for. Again, I go back to my premise - People misunderstand FoE as to talk uncomfortably. FoE was envisaged to Talk about uncomfortable THINGS in a comfortable environment.
I think white people smell nice or something. I've never been hugged by a cat I fed fish and chicken for weeks when no one else would. :(
India If it is an elder or someone who is at a higher position (Boss, govt employee you need work done from, etc). In general we add "Ji" at the end (And similar in other Indian languages) to give respect. Like Mishra last name would be called, "Mishra Ji"
Okay, I think I understand your position, but I don't agree with it. How about this - What if the social media allows each individual to decide how much they allow/disallow based on individual definitions and understanding of expression. So, if a person does not like extreme expletives, they can set their profile thus - he/she can block any tagging, linking, association and so on. Each individual can build the wall to the height they are comfortable with. It would be two way then, if they disallow, they cant use such expletives as well. Admins can then administer based on their Expression level. So those who want to and consent to full freedom of expression - including "I will murder you for having such an opinion" can set their level to 0, while those who dont, can set at at a higher level. Engagement with each other would be based whichever level is deemed acceptable to both. Does that work out? A middle ground so to speak.
I think a Mix of twitter and Reddit as a good mix. Twitter for the live ticking feed - which you can draw out into a reddit version for more stable and longer discussion.
nope.
IMO, if that statistic was included - one can assume all the CBSE, 11th, 12th Sanskrit students would be included along with other University, mattur speakers and so on. It would be much more than 25k across the country. Would be atleast 1 lac then. Then again, I'll have to dig for the source again to see how they counted it to give a more accurate number.
The way statistics works is that someone needs to have a record of what you can do somewhere to use it as a proper data set. 10th level read, write and speak is generally basic conversational at most. Not the level you learn Hindi or Regional language.
What? You're mental.
Do the drafters of this charter know how many laws that are untouchable is being challenged here? Even a full Hindu party at ls/rs can't pull this off.
That's cute af
Wait what? Why such an ending? Did it feel threatened or something?
The falange strip.
The nomination is fine.
**Category List:** - (Number of accepted nominations) 1. Best Episodic Series - [1. IHE](https://www.reddit.com/r/IndiaSpeaks/comments/a6508w/indiaspeaks_best_of_2018_submit_your_nominations/ebsbx2i/), [2] 2. Best Episodic Series (Non-Political) - [1. TMT](https://www.reddit.com/r/IndiaSpeaks/comments/a6508w/indiaspeaks_best_of_2018_submit_your_nominations/ebve95e/) 3. Best Write Up (Single Post) - [1. IneartZeal](https://www.reddit.com/r/IndiaSpeaks/comments/a6508w/indiaspeaks_best_of_2018_submit_your_nominations/ebveiob/) 4. Best in Flair Category: * "History and Culture" Series/Post - [1. RRC](https://www.reddit.com/r/IndiaSpeaks/comments/a6508w/indiaspeaks_best_of_2018_submit_your_nominations/ebrqr2a/) * "Science &amp; Health" Series/Post * "Policy" Related Series / Post - [1. Winfred](https://www.reddit.com/r/IndiaSpeaks/comments/a6508w/indiaspeaks_best_of_2018_submit_your_nominations/ebvgtf1/) * "Sports and Entertainment" Series / Post - [1. Asian games report](https://www.reddit.com/r/IndiaSpeaks/comments/a6508w/indiaspeaks_best_of_2018_submit_your_nominations/ebvgfhy/) * "Scheduled Series" - [1. BRLD](https://www.reddit.com/r/IndiaSpeaks/comments/a6508w/indiaspeaks_best_of_2018_submit_your_nominations/ebveodr/) * "General / Ask IndiaSpeaks" Post [1. Plastic consumption](https://www.reddit.com/r/IndiaSpeaks/comments/a6508w/indiaspeaks_best_of_2018_submit_your_nominations/ecbd1l5/) * "Satire / Humour" Series / post [1. Poha Video](https://www.reddit.com/r/IndiaSpeaks/comments/a6508w/indiaspeaks_best_of_2018_submit_your_nominations/ebwz8iq/) * Best Picture Submission - [1. Sub-continental Divide](https://www.reddit.com/r/IndiaSpeaks/comments/a6508w/indiaspeaks_best_of_2018_submit_your_nominations/ebrtxzo/) 5. Comment Section Related * Best Comment (Informative) * Most Controversial (Well written) * Best "Debate - For Stance" Argument * Best "Debate - Against Stance" Argument - [1. icecoolshoshobhan](https://www.reddit.com/r/IndiaSpeaks/comments/a6508w/indiaspeaks_best_of_2018_submit_your_nominations/ebtup8p/) 6. Community Participation * Best Meta (Community Improvement / suggestion post) - [1. Manifesto], [2. Are we becoming the same](https://www.reddit.com/r/IndiaSpeaks/comments/a6508w/indiaspeaks_best_of_2018_submit_your_nominations/ebrrtb5/), [2. ] * Most Valuable Community User - [1. /u/Orwellisright ] [2. /u/RajaRajaC ] * Most Valuable Community User (Non-Political) - [1. /u/chin-ki-chaddi](https://www.reddit.com/r/IndiaSpeaks/comments/a6508w/indiaspeaks_best_of_2018_submit_your_nominations/ebvfw8d/) [2. /u/factsprovider](https://www.reddit.com/r/IndiaSpeaks/comments/a6508w/indiaspeaks_best_of_2018_submit_your_nominations/ebx01l2/) * Best Organized Event - [1. Diwali contest] * Best Juror Of the Debate ---- #Update: Please post your nominations as a reply to this comment.
Its not bad actually. The kid has attempted to spell as he heard the words from the teacher. (+/- the accent) A lot of Eastern languages do spell like that, spell it as you hear it. For a pre-schooler, its a reasonable start. E: I just realized what this sub is about. /r/Woooosh -ed.
To the guy who said, "Get a job" for these stone pelters a) This is their job b) If Kashmir was in a better situation, they'd have better jobs.
right? I mean, Sikhism was turned into a fighting fit religion simply because of the slaughter of Islam.
Step 1: Get a farm. Step 2: Get an personal loan, use some amount to on the farm, rest of it on anything else - education, etc. Step 3: Default, Wait till elections. Step 4: ???? Step 5: Waived off loan, profit.
Pauline Hanson is actually quite crazy. She does not have major support.
Has been flaired Meta. Please take drama to MMD. Will remove drama comments.
Aww. Pray tell what would I say in this situation when both major parties of states are in a race to waive off farm loans while aiming for 2019. No point wasting words.
/u/Critical_Finance Please don't spam. https://www.reddit.com/r/IndiaSpeaks/comments/a7wizu/farm_relief_in_2017/ec6b5py/
report.
thank you for the response.
Temperature receptors may be triggered to give the drinker a sensation of 'better taste'. For example, Indians like to have something mildly spicy snacks along with their hot Tea/Coffee. This combination trigger of temperature and trpv1 (chilly Spice) receptor gives an enticing taste. The hot drink gives a spicy after taste. This is also the reason why some foods are preferred hot, even though the other taste factors does not change much with temperature.
Repeated copy-pasta of any content is annoying and is usually called spamming beyond a point. That's why we prefer to lock posts so that all discussions on a topic happens in a single submission.
That is a risk the company would/should have already calculated. Legally, unless they have a binding contract, they would not rapidly hire and fire - as it also affects the company image, and future recruitment. That's why companies which depend on good image and goodwill, will make sure their severance policy meets industry standards. Everyday people in power (political, financial, commercial, etc) have to take decisions of choosing an option - and this is bound to get someone or the other unhappy (Because the are not the choice). So, the risk here would be, which dissatisfaction is less bearable, more viable. and so on.
Welcome back MV. &gt;Narcolepsy is disorder which causes sudden uncontrollable sleep attacks. Could you please explain this further? Sounds scary. And can apnea kill a person?
It's more likely because of Osama.
It never actually made it out big,
Please follow titling rules from next time. Please consult the mods before advertisements.
Just report, let the mods handle it.
Tamil, did u not read tenali rama? People speak their mother tongue in their sleep, generally.
Please take Meta drama to MMD. Removed.
We have fornightly geopolitical discussion.
Actually that's good. If a mod is relatively apolitical in a political sub, then they actually can mod better. They are not emotionally invested in what needs to be a subject of the subreddit
May not love, but like : math. The uses and potential of it is breathtaking. Paneer - I thought paneer was meat for a long time.
50%-70% of posts are political on this sub.
We have other posts which are interesting, that's why we replace sticky slots with RWD. We have /u/ilikemultis posting interesting posts every other day which function similar to RWD.
No. Take it to MMD.
Take this to /r/IndiaDiscussion or MMD. No Meta about other subreddits
Removed. Strike 3.
1. St. John's wort 2. Identifying the cause of the anger, resolving it - You're not at fault, but you are responsible for how you deal with your life after. 3. A work out, start with a run 4. Meditation - if you have the practice. 5. Deep breaths. Um, do them in reverse order?
Where was this? *Want to know if my car will be safe*
Not true actually. Almost all mammals sleep a lot. But our evolution levels are quite different.
1. **Twisting words in a conversation to mean something bad.** Eg: "I don't think everyone deserves kindness", "Oh you don't think? Do you think Muslims should be killed?" --&gt; eh? 2. **Baiting and pointless Taunting**. - I don't think this needs an explanation. 3. **Those who seek profit selfishly at other's cost** (Usually big) - "Its not like that guy's gonna know! Before he realizes, we'll be long gone." 4. **Being too honest, unbending and like a robot** - IMO its a nightmare to have such people interact with other humans when they don't know what's positive and what's negative for the society. 5. **Those who have a strong "Us and Them" attitude** - more often than not, all exceptions will apply to "Us" and none to "Them". I am afraid, once in a while, i end up being the asshole as per my own definitions - but when i realize it, I try to fix it asap. If I can.
Spit in a sink man. Why do you think foreign countries are clean? No one spits and throws their trash around. They always use the right bins/disposal methods as a personal penance.
Yup, they have good discussions, calm and nuanced, informative and sensible. No drama. I haven't identified a lean on it, as of yet. I maybe wrong.
#"What the actual fuck?" - The mod team. **Please note. The Moderator team does not approve or condone any of this. This is on the border line of rule violation(s).** Do not Indulge in rule 1 violations in the name of hypothetical arguments.
Please follow titling rules or use a self post. Strike 2. Yes, you of all the people would know better that this is a violation. Edit: Since it's deleted. Strike revoked.
Please check [this](https://www.reddit.com/r/IndiaSpeaks/wiki/intruleexcp) And go through our rules section - [International submissions](https://www.reddit.com/r/indiaspeaks/wiki/rules#wiki_international_news) News articles that have direct consequence to India have to be related to India - humorous or not. There are exceptions, but not applicable here.
Rest of the news article and the content is not related to India. Unless there is a reference to India or a resultant effect of it in India, you cannot post them as India-related-news. You're free to post a self post(Ask Indiaspeaks or general), use the news article as a reference along with your opinion to start a discussion.
What follows with such titling rule violations is meta drama and lot of removals due to it. For someone who creates so much meta about rule following, this is something very basic, one of the top reasons for mods locking posts. Like I said, if he reposts following, I'll revoke the strike. If he does not, I would guess his intention was to cause drama and irk the community - giving more work for the mod team. See, he would either use this to summon more users to cause drama against me, or repost like a decent fellow following titling rules. We have our hands full as it is. If he does the latter, I'll revoke the strike.
Self post is the best way to make comparisons. People were previously averse to that as it did not give karma. But now it does.
Bold formatting ki complain tune kiya. Parchai jaisi trivial cheeze ki complain bhi tum kar rahe ho. Befaltu ki hate yahan tum kar rahe ho. Phir mereko kos rahe ho. Gajab aadmi ho.
&gt;Self post simply won’t make it to front page. As it can’t be expanded without clicking it. Right. &gt;Title rule is made so as to avoid misleading people. This post of his no way misleads anybody This is the perfect slippery slope that we dont want to stand on. users will then use mutiple titles and then say "Look at what this fellow is saying. You wont believe it." and more such click bait titles.
Did not get the question.
You can check my locks. I have explained to a few users before
You can't bypass titling rules using self post.
Rule 1 is follow reddit site wide rules. We need to fix the sidebar, it's confusing. Yes.
You are suggesting people be harmed or treated inhumanly, that's on the borderline of violation of site-wide rules: inciting violence or harm. Since you are discussing 'should it be done to criminals' you are still hypothetically calling for it but this is a grey area. If other users call for violence or harm in comments, they'll get warned. It was a pre-emptive warning. For further info on how this rule works, check meta discussions on wiki --&gt; regarding rule 1: inciting violence or harm
In Australia, even the smallest towns have memorials and the country has the tag line for such vetarens events, "lest we forget" for ww1, the great war. Seems like in India, generally forgotten, as we fought as a part of the British empire.
Titling rules. Meta about other subs. Locked.
If that is the title, it's fine. Put all other bias in the self post.
Generally no. We need to be sure of the user, and not some alt of a troublemaker.
Arry I have to go home and check kya bhaunk raha hai ye. Khud quit kiya hoga dukhi aatma ne. Koi wise kisi ko nikalta nahi hai.
Yes, but then why not apply using the alt?
He's not removed. Check properly blind man.
My man.
All subs when created are equal. When the creator (Who is the 1st moderator), makes rules, it makes the sub for a specific purpose.
acha. Come to discord. Gappe marte hein.
Half the time, the other half he's totally serious. The Russian roulette is in finding when.
That's what I am also saying. Isko kuch nahi hua. What are we arguing about again?
Already Nominated.
Already Nominated.
It will be so funny if congress steals this spotlight and makes mandir - Everyone confused.
But it builds equity, and you have a place to live in. Its not the same as having an asset which quickly depreciates in value.
https://www.reddit.com/r/IndiaSpeaks/wiki/safeguard_policy
Muslims don't celebrate Christmas *per se*.
1. Probably edges (Crust) is cut off, so the hard taste is lost. 2. You reach the center in 1 bite. The best testing parts of a sandwich is the center. 3. You get to enjoy the center in 2 halves, rather than 1-2 bite.
* It would be like profiling who gets to go in and out. This would cause a lot of political problems - you cant pick and choose who gets to stay and who gets to stay out, without repercussions. * People will continue to travel in and out for trade, commerce, education, work, etc. * You can limit the number of people who live in a city, by the authorities limiting housing but that would skyrocket real estate prices, cause areas outside to develop and make houses - and yet it wont solve the problem of people moving inside the city - which is what you're asking.
If we put a number on this (like 5 abuse words/phrases), people will stop just before and go to the next comment or elsewhere. They'll even argue if certain words and phrases are abuses or not. The other argument is, the person they are conversing with does not mind, why should anyone else mind and so on. Defining anyway will create loopholes. Complete disallow of abuse has been rejected by the community - they've asked mods to tolerate 'some' abuse. At the same time, we've been asked not to neglect abusive users or comments. We have been asked to act against excessive abuse. (Refer survey data on this in Wiki please) "Excessive" is subject to the individual, and putting hard borders on this is very counter-productive and anal. Sorry, but yes it is subjective, but the alternative (1 or 0 approach like you suggest) is not what the community wants nor the mod team. Same goes to hard borders - it wont work. So, regrettably keeping it a little vague will make users be more cautious, and generally avoid it - which serves our purpose of the rule. We've had this conversation 4 times already, and i've given you the same answer. Please dont ask the same question, if something changes, there will be an announcement.
In 2 days approx.
bjp - *omewau shinderu*
Arry quote properly, its confusing. Yes, they did kill, I am not absolving them of their sins but it was not annihilation - you don't know the meaning of the word if you call it that. They did not leave like several other conquerors. They stayed. There is a difference.
NRI != giving up citizenship.
Ask congress supporters to become OCI.
Ah! So there are people who choose the Grass Starter. I thought I was the only one with all the Fire/Water brigades.
&gt;But they stayed and became a part of society and everyone knows that no one is arguing that they are not here and everything is in the past, but that’s not the point though. That is the point. &gt;Point is what did they do while they were in power. Some of their kings causes death, while others did not - they ruled generally like how a king would during those times. Point being, they did not follow the tenenants of Ghazawa-E-Hind.
I think you can write to them via e-mail or call them on their phone. Today would be a holiday, you can call tomorrow. I checked their website, and cant find much relevant information to help you. :(
Bro, you lose a war (s) you face consequences. India is not the only ones to suffer this. There are countless peoples around the world who have been completely annihilated and remain a mere memory. We atleast survived somehow. Stop whining. We abandoned a lot and picked up buddhism and became weak as shit. Shankaracharya did what he could, to preserve what is there today, Else we'd be like Afghanistan today (Which was a buddhist bastion - capitulated to Islam in a fell swoop.) Mughals came for the wealth, but stayed for the environment (Ample food, good weather, etc). Babur was a tiny chieftain north of Afghanistan and when he moved towards India, he lost his homeland to other invaders - which he abandoned and made India his new home. Weather that's good or bad it a pointless discussion. A moot point. A winning King gained the right to do was he pleases in medieval times, we did not unite enough to defend ourselves. Rajputs, even with their then impregneble forts, capitulated and so on. And that chapter closed. You cannot persecute today's muslims for this; That is my point. - they are as normal individuals just like you and me trying to go to work, doing jobs and making monthly income. You want to bring Marathas as the saviour of Hinduism? Yeah, right. That's a different discussion and moot. Take your bullshit hatespeech up your arse. You cannot go back. you have to move ahead. Better channel your pent up anger properly - voicing like a jihadi will only result in pushing others to the secular side, cos they wont stand with this war mongering.
www.reddit.com/u/ &lt;insert username&gt;
Okay, I'll take the bait. How is congress winning a death blow to aap?
Karnataka votes a lot on Caste Lines. Congress has propped up HDK so that he can take the blame when needed, whatever happens, congress will remain blameless.
Strike 1. Inciting violence.
Quite secular IMO, he doesn't talk about religion much - except the acting, where he has to act the roles.
Understaffed today.
FFS, thought I'd pin it - turns out to be a troll post.
your own self post is seeking to irk the community clearly. its a troll post. Not our first rodeo.
- Landed a scholarship (partial but good amount), for higher education. Admission into a good uni, program. - Was in a position to help parents with financial needs and house maintenance upwards of 2-3L I think. - And a few other personal things.
which board is that?
You're literally fighting with a person for his character or posting/commenting history. And not related to the the Original post per se. So that's meta drama. Take it to MMD.
Oh, I get paid 10 times the amount because I am on the front line and very direct. You only see little of my payslip.
Troll post. Locked.
Donno if travelling outside India counts; Here are some travelling tips: - always have a medicine box in your car which has some headache, cold, diarrhoea tablets. - we Indians usually eat a lot during travel, this needs to be avoided if you are on the road for long distances. You need to keep your bellies light. - have gear for the occasion - have good boots if you are hiking / trekking, beach clothes, tent if you are going for the beach. - have a 'car/travel kit' which has brushes, sunscreen, basic toiletries, a few pairs of clothes, undies, a book, etc. - know how to fix a tyre, and basic issues. Have emergency numbers including mechanic, etc. - always drive slow on an gravel or unmade road. A lot of state highways are bad, but if they r not yet made, drive slow of you'll be changing all 4s. Some meticulous preparation helps in the worst case scenarios - but mostly you'll not find yourself in.
Hp or dell, 4-8 gb ram, i5 and above, 1 tb around hdd. Inbuilt graphics cars. If affordable. You shud be able to get it for 50k or so
When a project (software) is floated for 1 mil$ a local us company buys it, then breaks it's tasks into sections. This could be banking, accounting, hospital, workforce management, etc. Some they develop in house, others they outsource to such companies which do it cheaper - like building databases, libraries, functionality, testing, etc. Now if the company tried to develop it in the US or eu, it would cost them atleast 400k$ (percent wise in this example) but outsource and they pay 250k or less, rest is their profit. These Indian companies started out doing such fragmental work, now have advanced to end-to-end development, including bidding for such projects. So now tcs or infy can bid for 1mil$ projects, get them developed for 350k and rest is profit. That's why software ppl get paid well. A lot of these companies are paid in $$$ which would be the appropriate price to pay a worker in the US or eu.
Safety precaution was the original intent. I used regional party example for easy understanding
Mahabharata (original sanskrit, CR's eng version), durga sapthasathi, srimad bhagavatam, bible, lehninger's biochemistry, and more...i don't even have the updated list now.
This is interesting politics being played. No one know what happened to the urea do they? But blame is already out there.
Bc bible free mein mil jati hai. Baki sare books bhi list kia hai. Woh nahi padoge?
It is an important book for any life science grad.
OK, makes sense now. /u/DefectivelyDevised please look into this.
You can't bypass castist comments by not slurring but eloquently abusing them. It's already enshrined in rules.
Oh wow.
It's pretty clear. You can discuss caste, issues and what not but if someone starts abusing them with slurs (automod auto removal), with eloquent phrases (manual removal, slower and based on reports) then it becomes moderation subject. We are not going to censor 'I hate..." comments, but we will have to remove comments that tend towards abhorrent. Ofcourse there are exceptions where op can get back to us with good reason for the use of such phrases (not like my foe/my wish, but a socially reasonable reason). If it's automod, you know how it works. If they are phrased, we need to investigate. At the end of the day, we have to think about how our community appears to the outside world reading such comments. You wanted clarity in rules regarding it, will look into it. Should it be reinstated? Will ask dd what he thinks, if he feels he removed it for good reason, the removal would stay. All moderation is subjective because we are not robots. We will try to maintain a general level, but if people jump around the grey area, we would probably err on the side of caution. You know all of this already.
No, such a change will become a backdoor for spreading misinformation. We already discussed this. A bjp supporter can put two tweets of opposition (or vice versa) and edit title for some click-bait or snark comment. This was what happened with walrus, who compared two tweets and called them cow socialists - just to irk and bait the community. We don't want that pointless meta drama.
Sir, if you have juxtaposed or such images, please don't write whatever title you want - atleast let them be somewhat neutral/non-clickbait. Alternatively use a selfpost and put your opinion "Propaganda vs Reality" in the selfpost text. Locked.
they're not. They are opportunists. They are populists.
But they think they are speaking the truth, and its okay scream the truth. You're lying, so its not okay. Live and let live is not their strongest suit.
Hypothetically, which insect do you think would be tasty if you had an appetite for it?
https://imgur.com/a/SLLC8EI
In a lot of places, You actually cant. If you ask a farmer, they have to sell to a govt agent or something and get paid the support price. What actually happens is, companies bribe the govt agents, tell them that they'll give them the material they are needed to secure and make them tell the farmers that they have all the stock they need. (Govt supposedly pays the highest) The farmers are then forced to sell their produce at absurdly low prices in the open wholesale market - generally companies. For example: If the MSP for Rice is 50/Kg, since the govt wont buy it so, they'd have to sell it for much lower price, usually at a loss. It doesn't always happen, but it does happen in certain places. This is changing with internet and a more open market ventures, but the effects of liscence raj is still there. Source: my close friend's family is a wheat / vegetable farmer in UP.
Okay, I get your point. We'll maybe have another survey in a month or so. For the survey to be successful, we needed the sticky slot for whole 2 weeks.
My answer to that question is always, "not enough"
Haha. I donno man. Maybe he is 15? or someone answered it by mistake.
/u/sharath725 you can use a self post ("Start a new discussion") to post such questions. You can give links of such photos or articles inside the text space. We lock posts to prevent editorialized titles which can become a source for fake news or misinformation.
Are you acting a fool or is this a taunt? You call all users who are RW cow socialists, you call the majority of the sub cow socialists. If you had posted it, a lot of users would have commented to abuse you for it. See, this is what we call bait - which would result into a lot of meta drama in the comments section. Then you'd keep telling everyone "please take it to mmd" or some shit. Just did not want all of that. That's all.
&gt;Is it meta if someone writes "Dhanraj Pillay is an AAPTard" I already did explain this. If it is a veiled attack on the community, and if the community is going to start a slug fest with you regarding it - it would lead to meta drama. I've said in no unclear terms, it wasn't what the content of the two tweets was, it was what you used it for. It would lead to meta drama which is the problem. Your use of anupam kher was not the problem. So your reference to dhanraj is false eqvivalence. Perhaps you're too dense to understand this. Titling Dhanraj is an AAptard on your self post text - you still post your bias in the text. Its cringe but fine. Posting on the title is bait. If you use some situation to pot shot the community, that would lead to meta drama, I'd like to avoid that. See, here you go again shifting goalposts like the sly fellow you are. &gt;If I say all Indians are stupid, does it make it meta - no only if I say all IndiaSpeaks subscribers are stupid, it becomes meta. And I am saying, if you use a bait that would lead to meta drama, that would be a problem. --------- my point is: Triggering the community means a lot of work for the mods. You know what triggers the community. So please refrain. &gt;People do full blown meta about rin*dia in the comments every day. Even old users. Their comments are deleted but you do not give any of them strikes for first time. But you gave me a strike, didn't you? Yes, their comments get removed. But in this case, you attempted to trigger the community, knowingly or unknowingly, which would lead to meta drama. So, that the bait. I asked to to have a non-bait title. That's all. &gt;If the community was filled with Rahul Gandhi fans, then putting up a Pappu joke would cause meta-drama, right? That would be the fault of the community - they are the one getting upset, outraging &amp; creating meta drama &amp; not the person who put up the Pappu joke. Or do you disagree? I disagree. If the community is getting triggered by Pappu jokes, it would be wise to address it - rather than bait the community and then try and get the community users banned or warned. Which is more work for the mod team? Warning 20-25 users, removing 20-30 comments, and so on? Or Just asking the Baiting user to not bait? In such a case, your modus oparandi would be to bait the community - then when people call you out for pappu, you'd start reporting that "This is excessive abuse" or "Meta drama" and so on. That is the problem. I just nipped such a situation in the bud. Sure, if you think the community is retarded for being cow socialist or what not - that's fine - except when you try to create drama over it. I want to avoid that needless drama. You know what triggers the community better than me - Don't suddenly act dumb. ------------------- Again, you have not received a strike - it was revoked as soon as you corrected it. and yet you've falsely represented it. Again proves my point that you've just don't want to understand my view or my reasons. You're trying to misconstrue my message again and again. - there is no communication possible then. You want mod protection from other users taunting you, but you incessantly want to bait the community, harass the mods, misrepresent our words, attack us. Patience is wafer thin here. We don't have to deal with this shit on an hourly basis. Sudhar jao.
oooo. What holidays are marked?
&gt;Why have you not removed the strike from the strike board instead of keeping it and crossing it out. Its a reminder. Its not a strike. Relax. &gt;The community would enjoy it. But if it's a joke about Modi or Cow Socialists they would get triggered. Look man, any political post can be called satire or humor by the opposition. That's why we try to avoid all this. &gt;The Community is an echo chamber And your solution is to troll if further, and give a field day to the mods. Sorry, not going to let that fly. &gt;Is it drama or meta-drama? The whole point here is that it's not meta or anything related to meta. Why are you lying about it &amp; accepting the truth? It is Drama and meta drama, what ever makes you understand. It would devolve into meta-drama. Point being. Don't do it. Take it or leave it.
See, this is the self-fulfilling prophecy I am talking about. I promise you a long term ban if you indulge in causing problems to the entire community. I have addressed fireCheeseMonster's issue in my main post. There is a proper way and there is a problematic way in the things you want.
You can have Bhel puri on March and October.
&gt; I also want to do the same to people who I don't like and who I think write bullshit all the time. Yeah no. That's not how this works. This is not a flame war sub. &gt;I never say "Take this to MMD" to people because someone called me stupid or abuse me. Oh please.
Calendar pages are usually used along with news paper to wrap bhel puri.
Done.
&gt;DD told me today in PM that firecheese hasn't anything which crossed the limit. We talked about this. Somethings can be disruptive, and action will be taken if its against the rules. &gt;No. I just don't want you to lie. I know i have not done it. Still not going to bother with proof. not worth it. Take it or leave it.
&gt;I have no problem with people targeting me as long as i can target people Again, for the nth time. That's a problem for us if it goes overboard. All these 'people' and 'you' will have to take it elsewhere.
Haha. Funny but not true. You're not the only one we handle.
The people who work for a better tomorrow. The people who don't, and stop others from doing so.
Cant believe the sensible comment is deep below
Its not a software that you can remake on the computer and then copy-paste a 100 times to multiply it. We need the required manufacturing, and low cost as well. Besides, in Mech one of the highest cost comes in reliability, precision, sensitivity, etc. Even if we reverse engg each component, setting it up would be difficult because some of the parts would need specialized components that only a few would produce through out the world. And building it from scratch would be expensive - its easier to just order it off the market. --------- Another example, you can open up and understand how to make a table fan at home, and yet you choose to buy it. Why? Simply because its cheaper if you've industrialized it to that levels.
1. Arguing on Social Media for more than 3-5 comments: like Whatsapp, reddit, Twitter, etc. --&gt; It causes a lot of irritability and impatience; while giving you an adrenaline rush when you feel "you've shown the other guy who's boss" . My dad used to argue in Whatsapp and Quora a lot; he also became very irritable and angry; After a while I asked him to cut off quora and whatsapp almost completely - he hasn't done it fully but a lot and it has helped the family. 2. Wasting time - Wasting time using unlimited scroll, internet, etc - This is the biggest killer of productivity. Remember your clock is ticking, and every minute counts. 3. Don't spend time with those who are not worth it. Like bad friends, useless unhelpful collegues or mates, etc. Sure, sometimes you have good memories, but the price you pay is something you'll realize much later. 4. Gossip and sarcasm - people think being witty is great, but its okay only in moderation.
1. Not your problem. So I dont have to respond to your bullshit. But nice bait. Find any post and bait the mod team. 2. I've asked Multis to take a call. 3. I've informed OP that its meta via mod mail. 4. If comments goes to drama, it will be locked. That's why the pinned comment. 5. I trust blurry to post with good intent. No one on reddit would trust you with the same. But then again, it also depends on the case, content and context and not the user per se. Wait a minute...Did you not create drama previously that we don't allow stand alone meta posts? now you are calling all meta posts as drama? Nice, you shift your position and complaint as it suits you. As usual, conniving and sly. Twisting everything as an act against you. Pathetic victim complex. Even more pathetic politics from your end. Patience is wafer thin, mate.
Who's is hanoki
How do even make those expressions in real life? Frown + weird grin is unnatural af
What happened to that mycozap thing, does it not work?
Same
well, FPTP is not preferred for a country like australia where the democracy is functioning properly. - FPTP is only good in fledgling democracies where it needs a united but strong voice for stability. - Sooner or later, its better to transition to a counting system where more people's voices are somewhat represented. - Else there would be persistent chaos, because there are more people who haven't chosen a party/representative (in case of controversial constituencies) than who have.
Brisbane is boring, but I like that kind of boring. It's like listening to Ross talk about rocks for 5 hours. Except you live in that world. You get to be a connoisseur of boring then and start appreciating it.
Same, I am neither mexican nor irish, but I have no idea what the girl said.
The data represented here can be written in a single sentence. IMO, The point of graphics are when you are representing a lot of information pictographically.
There r two factors that help hivemind. Any one is enough to create it. Biased mods. Biased community. If you have the first, you'll never realize it until you dig using ceddit and other tools. If it's 2nd, you can look at abuse and downvote patterns that drive away alt opinions. --- By and large, Reddit's current design promotes echo chambers and hiveminds.
Oh the post said metal, not mental.
Same. No web. Can lick my elbow, clean my nose or touch the tip of my nose. I don't do any of that though. Need to wash up after.
Well ofcourse he wouldn't. That's what I thought too, but even the strips made my bill has hints, while others maintain ambiguity. Anyway, clearly I touched a nerve.
Please report them. Users have the option of even customizing the reports
You mean chilly. Chilliness The English language does not yet have words for the 64 different spices. Mostly its calling them by the spice's name.
That explains why the burning bush keeps respawning
um, all that happens through calvin. But its kept ambigious to make the reader feel like he's alive when calvin is around and so on.
That hasn't worked till now, but sure try if you like. People up/down vote for more reasons that are not sensible than there are - and if you argue, they'll put their foot down with, "Personal choice", "Freedom of expression", etc. You cant reason with someone who is adamant on such line of argumentation, nor can you you enforce it (even if you're a mod).
But they need to learn it first, else it would be pictographic.
Oh, til
But tigers love water, right? You dont need to 'give them a bath'.
Yeah, sux to be a herbivore. Can't run forever. Can't hide forever.
is this absolutelynotme_irl?
From the dev's perspective, it allows to realistically guage interest and recover some cost of production. Also to see if the advertising is going ok. It would also help raise capital for further development, if the line of investment is running towards dry.
If I were a herbivore, Id be dead meat.
You could've called it "weekly thread for fitness" it could be abbreviated as WTF
What happened?
Yeah well, that crotch kick could even eliminate ancestors.
All users r and should be allowed to send messages to mod team. That is the only way to resolve issues of genuine users. The team can always ignore or report the rest.
Turns out the thought ain't original. There is a version of Einsteinian theory which proposes something similar. There is a yt video on this. Edit: [Source: Does time exist?](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=R3tbVHlsKhs)
Nop. The kick ran up the lineage.
Konowing who the father is usually not that much of a problem. The society has other problems, but having high numbers of bastards is not one as such.
How is this on my front page :o Thanks for your efforts and work! You make the world a better place!
Percapita pollution is 5.4 times higher - that's what will be used in the quiz. Or in other words, the 25mil Australians pollute like they are more than 130 million (based on world avg) An Australian counter can be that to accurately calculate pollution percapita, one must measure percapita access to technology
They need be tested
I like birds, I like crow types. saving you as a friend so that I can peck your inbox when I am hungry for info.
Why is there a 6th titan again? And why a bee?
Well, gotta start doubting all them pitch reports from now on I guess?
It's hard to train people who lurk using several apps and ways to the rules that can't be enforced.
Ah there goes my $2.
What, no "Mexicans and dogs not allowed" sign?
Oh yeah, I saw this cutie being described by Attenborough. It copies any sound it hears a to attract it's mate - including camera shutter, car horn, train
Oh this is a meme format one can invest in!
Maybe a Jerusalem? Surely a stopover at the chruch/mosque/thatwhichkeepschaninghands wouldn't be an issue?
That's great, but without %age and population data, it makes the graphic appear as comparison of equals. Which ain't fair.
Its a pity some countries get screwed over even in 3rd party trade if it does not regularly buys weapons from the US. (Or Russia for that matter) The appearance that it's a free weapons supermarket is a lie. For example, Russia a while ago gave a statement that they insist they keep getting purchase contracts from India, else they'll supply to Pakistan (and you know what happens to those weapons). US asks something similar else a different kind of a trade war.
Was at a mate's place so caught the train from Strathfield. Apparently you can commute for $4.50 via bus from Burwood - but dunno the steps involved. Tiger this time.
You've transcended to old age.
Sux to be you. We don't have prom in our country. Dodged a bullet there!
Misleading thumbnails, thought it was b/w click.
What's an Indian supremacist? a lot of Indians I know have some weird inferiority complex in general. So this term is like a fictional opposite to me.
Oh I like the coolangata one, international flights are usually around half price compared to bne airport.
If it still has some meat that can't be juiced, why not eat it. Was the fly hollow?
Popular
At this point, I dunno who has more hate for whom.
He handled it pretty well actually.
Must be an English joke, just like your cricket.
worth it
and get gutted by kyokai?
Does anyone have guesses on what was Riboku's strat and what did ousen figure out and his counter?
Oh boy. WI is no Afghanistan, donno how ind would pull this off.
To depend on bowlers is risky as trusting 'safe day' when having sex.
268 defensible? Well let's hope so.
Eh?
Hi OP, please write a post where you'll include how it is relevant to the subreddit of Indian Academia.
oi oi oi! where's the spoiler warning! The kids shouldn't know about how he achieved it all and then went and fucked it up.
So This would be 2nd time I'll be losing $$ because of Sri Lanka. In the previous game I had put $2 on SL then I cashed out to get atleast 50c - and those fuckers won. Now I put two fiddy on them, and seems like these guys will lose. SL you'll be remembered with slow head shakes.
People in Straya already have a gambling problem. I don't want to be risky one. Wanted to play it safe.
Thanks removed.
Op, this post is not relevant for this sub. Try other related subreddits.
eh... what's happening? How did Pakistan lose 5 wickets? How did it become anyone's game?
Still seems like Pakistan should win easily, unless they lose more wickets.
If you need a run-a-ball (approx), its more of a batsman's game. A few boundaries or a few sixes will change the odds quickly.
One thing one can surely bet on is Australia to lose wickets during death overs regardless of the team they face.
IMO pakistan still has a better chance of winning, as long as they don't lose wickets.
Oh wow.
Its a cricket sub man.
Wow, did not know Afghanistan was India/Pakistan B team, that one criticizes every single thing they do. They are new, they are working their way, learning their ropes. Today, you can criticize B'desh as they have matured enough, but Afghanistan is still on its learning curve.
Nah, Straya is well on its way in becoming China's offshore territory, like hambantotta.
Whom to bet on? Apparently betting even 5$ on a near-even chances gives more returns than keeping (1000x+) money in an Australian Bank.
Oh god! I am a vegetable and I never knew.
currently its 1:1, i'll have to wait for better returns.
Why the hate for England though?
As per Aussie rules, betting on live events have to be via calling-in. odds changes rapidly per over until almost the end. Else you can normally bet before a game starts, but the returns are averaged out.
https://youtu.be/y3MRsAhfjk4?t=50 Person above you's saying Imad did not "condemn" rather said, "Whatever happens happens"
That's some opening partnership though.
Ah a challenging total appears!
They better. My coffee money at stake.
how India reaches 200 in 50 overs
Do the Cricinfo guys have a thesaurus close to their keyboards when they describe?
India need 271 from 198 balls.
"Something wrong with your hand I think, let me help" - the 2nd lab probably. Labs are too nice to think their humans are jerks.
India is mostly not winning this. It's their long game - get Pakistan knocked out (no more national drama) and Pitt Australia against England. (Let them drain the other, so only 1 to be faced) Two birds with one stone.
What did you do socially then all your life?
Even the 4s r missing imo
Hi, Thanks for the oppourtunity. M
Not a big thing to break one's head over. Most content is by indians anyway.
Boy, you guys get upset about some else being a dumbass.
Heroes: era of chaos Mobile game, which I emulate using bluestacks.
Chakka communist news paper and an alarmist writer make best bed fellows.
Really though? What is the govt's plan for 1.3bil people to prove their citienship?
Welcome new refugee, takea flat next to tasleema
He did not say anything definite like that though. It was arnub's extrapolation.
Travel, visiting beach, marine life sanctuary, etc.
Just use the exisiting post - this one only seems like an excuse to put your own inflammatory title.
Seems more like pak obsession. Besides, you're preaching to the quire posting the same thing several times.
What about online games? :/
Because iran is not saying "no, nothing like that happened"
They are tired of a psudo-liberal government which sacrifices the quality of life, rights and hopes of its own people for the sake of the world. &amp;#x200B; Australian Liberal National Party is actually quite conservative in its attitude.
Off topic, what is ScoMo supposed to do here? Do Australians want him to fight the fires himself or something else? There are fire fighters, there are volunteers, they are getting the resources they need to fight fires. There is enough resources to evacuate people. What else can someone do?
Not related to Indian Academia, Removed.
That's not much as far as smuggling goes.
Arry this tukde tukde gang's mouthpiece ke posts kyun daal te ho yahan pe.
Dhondu, just chill.
Mods can't get ip, or location data.
Why the fuck is your opinion in the title?
So, you wanted more Snape like characters?
So are normal people, just that they dont have power so their scope and reach of effect is not seen.
Not true. Most competitions are zero sum and playing fair does not always gurantee a win - which is why even in day to day lives, we can be corrupt and not realize it. Do you not abuse and yell, instead of calmly discussing in real life (you call it getting into the argument, but sometimes it also gives an advantage)? Do you not try to subtly influence and sell your opinion? Or trying to patao a girl/guy by trying be someone that you aren't usually? It is termed skill, talent or communication - but it does lack honesty by ommission or manipulation. This is also a form of corruption, albeit minor. Because it is ubiquitous, it is not necessrily seen as a threat. Politicians do this with larger groups of people, and more efficiently (to their own benefit) - the fact that the common man finds out they've been ripped off and defeated in their own game (and much later) makes them hate politicians.
Actually, this is a wrong move by govt. Religious conversion protects from social persecution or isloation (caused by caste system), but it does not help with economic downtroddeness that came to being due to the social persecution. While it is a bitter pill to swallow, the majority hindus need to address both social and economic bacwardness of sc/st, etc. Only then will they do better.
Apart from swarajya and a few other news sources - all others are hinting or pointing fingers toward abvp. When is the real truth come out in all outlets?
Centerist. Liberals r a microminority in india, am not one of them.
But how many actually followed his suggestion?
Personally I find jnu related news annoying. They are not the only uni having issues. There are others which perform actually better and still are no where in the news.
/thread
If so, then Bhajipao is doomed.
The objective she wanted to do has been achieved before delhi elections. No mainstream media is reporting this - they have spread propaganda that abvp/bjp are violent thugs. Baki jo karna hai karlo, junta time pe chutiya ban gayi.
Lot of congress aceptance of investment from 80s russia led to the rampant growth of communism, which is not going to go away.
None of the news sources are reporting this. All majority headlines say the usual bullshit.
Eh? In what way are russian and china democracies similar to india? Us could do cca because their whole war propaganda was against communism and the soviet. None of these examples are remotely comparable to india.
She's there to promote her movie. Thats it.
Heros: era of chaos, I play mainly using bluestacks. Its nice. Strategy, normal level up/power up, formation based war game.
The horse helps
Delhi elections close by.
So, you want NRIs to invest in the people who illtreat their employees, cheat on data, make up statistics and dubiously conduct business (partly due to the fucked up govet permits and registrations system) Meh, NRIs will not bother who suffers as long as they profit. Cut from the same cloth anyway.
Technically makes sense. But its a bjp (political) post, we need to cross check claims.
Normal work day commute [India]
He means not all animals can regurgitate.
How did the congress benefit from the inflation?
Yeah, evangelically atheists on the sub. I feel like I am in an inquisition if I comment there.
Ill have hazelnuts in my gulag, please.
Did your mom teach you to talk like that? Great upbringing.
They wouldn't know.
Why? What are they trying to prove?
You maybe right, but all of this may be conjucture without any evidence.
Well, there have been bhramin only and few other communities only apartment complexs seen quite usually, so this is not as much a big deal as it looks.
This rank is not going to rise for decades. UP, Haryana, Punjab has some of the highest emigration, with them causing quite a bit of issues for immigration friendly nations.
Lol!! Great laugh!
https://www.vedicagraharam.com/location/# https://www.ndtv.com/bangalore-news/brahmin-neighbours-only-for-a-township-near-bangalore-540833 https://www.scoop.it/topic/agraharam-housing-flats-in-bangalore-vedic-village-pravachana-mandir/p/4100975524/2018/08/24/apartments-for-brahmins-in-bangalore-brahmana-shankara-agraharam https://www.aljazeera.com/indepth/features/2014/02/housing-apartheid-indian-city-201422511404544917.html http://valadyviews.blogspot.com/2011/08/are-you-brahmin-orat-least-vegetarian.html?m=1 Also, goodwill apartments near wadia layout is one such, there are a few in rajeshwari nagar, and so on. Not all of them openly advertise though, its just understood.
Opposite of the usual population.
Oh wow, assassination classroom! Quite the nostalgia!
We all knew it was coming. And yet.
What do they want in return?
If this is really true with his influence by reddit, whilst unfortunate, it is the employee's responsibility to behave professionally in a professional environment - Which means, "focus on the work, not on work associates' background". It is not their job review affiliations.
Oh god, not another temporary reddit meme now!
Yeah, but that's not what she said. This is wrong interpretation from Ram and co.
No, she said this is political positioning with these topics. To say Hindus shouldn't be rehabilitated as being her statement is too much extrapolation.
Need them everyday watts.
You cant. Unless you mean "Distinguish/pin", which is for a moderator post.
? where is this written?
Thinking up of weird fetishes, 101 ways to John Wick someone, 1001 reasons to get depressed and ruin your day, finding the best combination of beans in a 4 bean curry. DO They All Count?
Bureaucracy will always exist. Replacing with a new one will not change this. Its just the corruption in it has been going for so long, it feels like a regular thing for everyone.
What advantage does Pakistan get if someone else Mediates the trouble between India and Pakistan? I haven't been able to fully grasp that.
Well, how do you know who is the artist? It could also be a third party trying to fan the flames. Holding everyone responsible for a few's ill intent is also a dangerous thing. What do you want to with this generalization? I mean,kya suggest karte ho? Agar hindu ho, toh chutiyon ki fauj mat dikhao apne aap ko - ki koi bhi kuch bhi bakwas karta hai aur tum hatyaar uta lete ho. Tumhare aur un mein kya farak reh gayi?
Who is kan ou again?
Is he an Imam or is it just his surname?
ghettoisation is real in India, even if the example is not suitable.
Wear earphone and ignore Kunal Kamra, wear condom when alone with parter in a room.
Indian here: He's a good man, who'll not win. It is the age of Right-of-Center leaders everywhere. And to their credit, most are doing pretty well. You may dislike trump, but SP500 is doing quite well.
Well, I only hope hara doesnt kill him off and say, "well thats war and life for you!" All these hiatus and 2 weekly breaks usualy signal end of stories in other manga
Congress is evidence that we are still living in a mughal empire with a hindu majority.
Depends on context and subject. Wikipeida in my country (topics related to it) is quite Misoindic / Hinduphobic, just because the top/popular people editors are a communist cult. The amount of salt we need when reading such articles would drain the Indian Ocean.
Unfortunately, its not just the parents that raise a child. Their environment and society too.
Why do coloured pages of so many manga look weird? I mean ive seen better art by some of our sub's members than some of these cover art. Is it time saving/colour saving colour style?
Does it look like I was trying to be nice?
Guys you shouldn't be supporting such vandalism either. What happened to you?
You can add more
I guess she'll be outcasted more after this, and am afraid may even be in life threatening situations. Hope she'll be okay. Reminds me ot hritik who rejected dawood haftas during beginning of his career. It took a few attempts on his/family's life to get him in line. The penetration of dawood's investment into bollywood is actually staggering.
What is it being developed for? Pc, xbox, phone etc?
For a long time through my childhood and some adult years, I thought thats what happened. Only when I saw some foreign crime shows I started to learn (transition was like, "what do mean u removed the bullet, the rest of it is somewhere in there" )
No. Sometimes its really not worth continuing the brawl with the pig in the mud.
Australia is still busy / occupied with BLM protests.
Even as per their (Marxist) own version of history, Mahabharata time line was around 900-700 BC. Ashoka came after that time. Wow, all our knowledge of history is from crap, then I question my own awareness.
Scroll to the bottom of the story
We are our own enemies. Fighting against a (even forced) united enemy is going to be hard when half the political parties directly or indirectly align with them, and media causing more chaos in their favor.
Technically, they are not. Dont forget india was hyper socialist for decades due to soviet funding. That hasnt changed yet.
We learned that lesson in 65.
I dont like the way this guy is treated in the whole series. I mean, really?
Its hard starting a business without being some kind of corrupt that would ideally lead you to jail. Its not related to congress/bjp, ourlaws are so complex and twisted that makes business not straightforward. (I mean sure congress started this ecosystem, but ryt now its very difficult to clean that up) Secondly, our talent is limited tbh, while we train somewhat well, we dont have what it takes to make talent stick around. Indians have traditionaly in recent 1-2k yrs been just traders. Our craftsmanship has been quite limited compared to peers. Most of this was lost during british and prior era. So... I dont know how this ambition of manufacturing is going to work out. But I hope we get our act together. Unfortunately, the fastest way is steamrolling a lot of time wasting and opposing ideas, which is noot possible in a democracy.
Nice
Well thats what the communist party there wants I believe. Autonomous region of china.
Oh thats how u make insta noodles?
We know. Reddit subs is only for fans of a topic to argue about intricate nonsense.
Almost got me there. Had my fighting gloves on. I may not support bjp, but I dont like the congress. So, I guess I agree
New communal meme template: "abdul with chemical/ece degree? Job placement gurantee in allah quota"
While I think our media is trash since it gets influenced by random shit, i would take this al jazeera report as their own attempt to sow discord, and with ulterior motive. Perhaps making the media lose even more credibility make their own news sources more preferred or creates some other opportunity. &amp;#x200B; 2ndly, twitter using junta is pretty small, if you compare against our actual voting population.
Thats a dumb af logic.
