It’s cuz your buying fucking puts on amazon you retard
My god I am so sorry
Shut me up
Beautiful
Fucking whoever far you want They’ll get filled
Your username had me thinking you did not have a gf and had a bf
This looks awesome
I have Cue Banks full course saved on my phone Anyone interested? If this dudes posting this, I’ll help out and save you guys $800 bucks too Edit: you guys need to relax, I’ll post it after I’m done with vacation and have WiFi again lol Stop sending me messages lol
Did you delete the course?
Big Gates is fucking amazing and that’s NOT counting the fact that he’s a redditor
1. Corvette C8 2. Audi R8 V10 3. TT Lamborghini Gallardo Super Leggera 4. High HP Supra Edit: gonna have to edit In the new NSX too
Download Robinhood Start losing money. End of story.
Fam, when are you gonna give me my flair? I’ve been begging you for like a month lol
Can you do mine first because I’m asking nicely and cuz you know, we’re basically like best friends
Due diligence, when someone has really done a lot of research to make their post where it’s so convincing you can’t find a reason to oppose them
100% this
Can guarantee you 100% she’s fuckin that dog
Is this a joke?
Yeah but looking at this can’t we look at other companies that have similar financial records and invest heavily?
You need to look into consultation and for people that specialize in something in your field That’s really the only other solution You’re 5MM in sales and need help? You’re going to be the best solution to your problem or someone similar to you that has expertise in something else
So extremely bullish then
Eh i would recommend myself but only for PPC like i said, there are plenty of people here but everyones specialty is different, like APIdeveloper guy would be great for software or custom stuff i think im pretty okay at PPC and im sure theres other people here that are much more knowledgeable of other things like automation, sourcing, logistics, etc but youd have to personally scout either here or big figure seller groups, maybe try the discord that u/bisonpuncher created
Yes because this method is probably more effective than emails being sent out imho try out exactly what youre thinking and if it doesnt work as well as you think, then rewrite it and keep testing
should i just go on facebook and type in craft in the search bar and go from there? sorry i havent used facebook in years! i stopped using myself and am not up to date on it yet
this can also be true
Hey man, do you have any source on this? or how do you know? just wanna make sure
are you an affiliate partner?
this is wonderful help thank you for this screenshot this is exactly what i was looking for
All from the dome homie
Search for sites that promote HVAC systems or look for items on Google Shopping or Google ads that are in the top 5 when searching for "Your specific keywords/items" on google that are being directed to Amazon that would probably be a good starting point?
its really about browsing early on in the day but i think you can set up keyword alerts
I can but not sure what more you would need? Go to deal sites, find competitors that are being promoted, create a ASIN targeting campaign specifically for that one ASIN and your own item that competes with the promoted ASIN, bid accordingly until the promotion of the competitor is done, profit?
2020
End this the thread, this takes it
Theres two ways you can go about this: 1. Completely pause the campaign and see if youre still selling the same amount of units or 2. Keep the campaign exactly how it is, if youre no longer in the top 1 or 2 ad positions that just leaves room for your competition to take over thats really it, test test test
How would i go about doing this though? still new to SQL and python, only have a little background in it
Yeah still short
Not sure if you’re being serious Anywhere credible we can donate?
this i a perfect explanation thank you i can definitely see the niche of people that use subscribe and save as more of a benefit than a negative though sales are constant (at least the ones that keep it) itll just take a little more time on the sellers to do more creative keyword ranking and ways around the ranking thing
a lot of people
They are basic which is why i added them i know a lot of people here are still getting things moving for PPC
any way you can show me some examples and block your brand name if youre not comfortable sharing? Its not against TOS if its inside your packaging I mean anker is amazons biggest brand and they have inserts for literally everything
+1 for the sharing please!
your'e not?
Just get a loan from your bank bby
just combine the coke and adderall
Oh they will bby, just you watch
theyre super secret government contract planes can go to the moon
Someone’s unhappy today lol
lol
I don’t need no retard telling me what to buy
Precisely
100%
sometimes im retarded but im holding lol
thanks
Haha u/amz-seller-cmo is right im very PRO PPC and never shutting it off, BUT if OP would like to test it then they should. OP should pause literally everything and see how it affects sales after a couple days or a week. Then they can either see how big of an impact PPC is or isnt for them
If you ACOS is so low you need to start taking risks Low ACOS is great but all that means is that youre missing out on money you basically have money to spend right now since your acos is so low start a manual campaign, grab the keywords that gave you the most sales from that campaign and add them to a manual exact campaign and a separate manual phrase campaign dont add any negative keywords yet, just let the campaign ride for two weeks or a month to get sufficient data and if your ACOS comes back a bit high that doesnt matter since your auto campaigns acos is so low youll be averaging out really really recommend trying to be a little aggressive and bidding high on your manual campaigns, your low ACOS for you auto campaign tells me that your conversions are solid and you bidding high + high conversions = $$$
I hesitated at throwing my life savings on TESLA stock when it hit $180 I shouldve taken the risk, i wouldve been in a very nice position right now TESLA will easily hit $600 theres no doubt about it now
=LEFT(B7,LEN(B7)-23) thanks mate literally just googled it and figured it out Solution Verified!
I already sold my calls for a solid 500% tendies gain that shit is no joke fucking data is amazing too
ATH get hit every day, is that really going to stop you from investing?
yes try to keep it under 50 for now so it doesnt get too crazy your focus on your phrase and exact match campaign are strictly conversion and sales, ACOS should be second priority but you should see some good return and that should help with rank and other fun stuff
Everything dropped because of "recession" fears, buy into anything and everything that has that yearly drop its going to recover in this next bull market, i stocked up on AYX A LOT and im stocking up on stocks that have the same yearly chart there is no other reason that AYX dropped other than that
All in SMH
this is why youre losing money there is a reason stocks hit ATHs if they didnt they wouldnt be a good company, look at Nike, or coke, or Facebook or walmart or apple,are you really NOT going to buy into them because they just hit their ATHs?
&gt; not meet those requirements currently because they are selling at many multiples of their book values this bull market is retarded and everything will keep going up for the next decade the fact that you wouldnt invest in nike, or coke or apple or facebook just shows how how much you know ATHs are proof that companies are more than likely to keep going higher the difference in an ATH for AMD and Facebook is that the stock is just more expensive to purchase at new ATHs
i never said Microsoft is done I own a lot of shares of Microsoft Im just saying the next bull runs are going to be Data and Semiconductors
So odd, as far as i know Amazons choice only attaches itself to the highest sales/units item according to that keyword so weird that your item is ranked so low and still has the badge
You son of a bitch, I’m in
nah, its going up
Shit is nuts, but i wouldnt completely deter retail stores, just like the lower end stores like idk anything similar to target like marshals or kohls or similar stuff
Don’t do it on Costco or Walmart, that’s a fools game
I know what i said
what is DFW? Im in CA Orange County not Florida
Oh shit, I’m in
Yes i do theryre all in Column A
Im looking for long term investment, not short term at all and idk if i would move to Dallas from California, my life is here right now
we might need to talk then, PM me
It’ll RUB you the wrong way! Ha!
Buy Target puts for a litte then buy shares of target with your put gains
You’re asking if 4 sales is a lot It’s not
Its fucking boeing, thats literally it
100% this OP, come back in a month then well be able to help when youve gathered more data
As all people who sell courses
It doesn’t. I buy option calls on SPY and lose it all.
make that two sons of your mom
What do you mean by gap?
lol if you’re up 26k then sell my man
My only regret is only buying options, should’ve bought shares too
Wtf are you talking about
Just tryna help out the fam Best of luck and hope it keeps moving up
It’s about the value of the contract, it doesn’t have to hit the strike price
Which ones do you recommend them?
isnt this from a movie?
Flair checks out
what? dude no one knows
Ill paper trade and see what happens If it works I probably wont update lol
Looking at this 90 year chart, there doesnt seem to be anywhere but up honestly we just passed recent resistance looks like a bullish market for years
What part of this is great? You only have like 8k to your name?
im gonna buy so much fucking Boeing stock if it keeps dropping no way the government would let it die, Boeing has way too many government contracts and way too implemented in the travel industry Boeing to $500 by end of year with this retarded bull market
Literally keep doing what I’m doing For this time frame, if I see consistent results this week, I’m moving to bigger lots
I know man super cautious, Buy I’ll keep my eyes open If this works for a week straight then I’ll try .10 lots next week And bigger and bigger if I stay consistent
Probably lol
He’d be pissed I didn’t buy bitcoin earlier
100% the opposite of my old strategy nuts right? lol
yeah that was me The H1 seems to work pretty okay but for some reason the 15 minutes is horrible and literally doing the opposite of it has been more profitable than listening to it I would bet money that this would also work on other timeframes
My current strategy (for testing purposes) is currently based off of volume trading So say i take 9 trades and 6 of them are profitable within a couple hours. If those 6 trades give me like $10 profit and the other 3 are losing trades at like $0.35c each then im closing those trades and trying again tomorrow total net profit would be around $9 with 6/9 trade being profitable, which is great odds thats like 80% win so as of right now, im taking as many trades with small lots to test and seeing how many return profit in a set amount of time
Literally just happend to me right now I held 1 open trade at .02 lots because i was only losing about 35 cents when i saw it last night, woke up today and im losing about $3 so the strategy might be for only a couple hours and not to hold overnight unless with a stoploss but im taking that into consideration
Thanks man, like I said I’m testing and seeing what the ratio of good trades to bad ones are
There is no logic its just a bold attempt at something that might work thats why its in **testing** jesus relax
i know but never hurts to test and id rather know for sure and potentially lose a couple dollars then not try it at all
y
My strategy is retarded and I’m still making more money than all you autists
Nah
Look at my previous posts
100%
Lol I caught this doing the opposite of my strategy
So today is day 3 and I have closed 6 trades out of 10 in profit, holding the other 4 trades until 5pm Pacific standard time which is what I count as my end of day for these trades All trades are being held for 24 hours unless I see a good reason to close it Right now the other 4 open trades are in the red at a $6 loss Today’s net was ~$9 not counting the $4 loss because that was from original strategy and not doing the opposite The following are profits based of 0.02 lot sizes 1/20/2020: $1.47 1/21/2020: $6.26 1/22/2020: $9.19 (4 open trades with $6 loss, will hold till 5pm today and close, I might see negative today) will update
Lol Still got two more days to lose everything
$3 is just the limit I set before I know the trend is going the other way If it goes past those $3 then I know the pair is gonna go against me
So it would basically be for less hassle than really anything else then
Broker is Oanda
the 15 minute chart all trades based off doing the complete opposite of a center of gravity indicator H1 works well, 15M does well doing the complete opposite
Been trading consistently for about 2 years But I test a lot, sometimes very bold strategies like this and share here I have a real account and I have my test account
Im assuming thats why you tagged me? lol Did you not see the image? or else im confused aha
Amazon can be absolutely amazing or horrifying depending on what items you sell. We just started in Feb 2019 from basically $0 and grew it to about $3mil end of year Amazon does have restrictions but nothing insane, its just how they want to run their business Like some have said amazon is just ONE sales channel that when done correctly can be extremely EXTREMELY successful. But everyone should have their own web store, amazon, ebay, walmart, jet.com, google shopping, etc there are too many outlets to just focus on one Amazon just happens to be the biggest player, but that doesnt mean thats where all the money is at
So today is day 4 and I have closed 6 trades out of 8 in profit, holding the other 2 trades until 5pm Pacific standard time 1/23/2020 which is what I count as my end of day for these trades All trades are being held for 24 hours unless I see a good reason to close it Right now the other 2 open trades are in the red at a $5 loss Today’s net was +$10.96 so far not counting in the $5 loss currently for the 2 open losing trades The following are profits based of 0.02 lot sizes 1/20/2020: $1.47 1/21/2020: $6.26 1/22/2020: -$4.19 (First losing day) 1/23/2020: $10.96 (this is net so far for the day today, not counting in the 2 current losing trades because they are not closed yet) Analysis: Ive realized that for some trades im not holding long enough and can make much MUCH more profit, id assume my Stop Loss of $3 per pair might be very generic and the structure might have to change, have also been thinking of adding resistance and support lines to have a better idea of where my Take profit should be. Its hard to add support and resistance to trades im only holding for 24 hours and set specific take profits for those though. If anyone has any recommendations about better structure please let me know.
Look at my comment below i explain it. I was in the red yesterday by $4 total. so yesterday was my first loss day out of the week. Currently up $10.96 for the day with an unrealized loss of $5 but not closing until 5pm today or if it gets in the blue sometime today
There really is no particular reason other than "thats what i wanted to do". Im always open to change it, but figured that holding for 24 hours and seeing what happens might be a good way to start? Definitely looking at support and resistance lines at Minimum to help with Take profit and Stop losses though i could have made a lot more money on some trades i closed too early, BUT i could have also lost a lot more if i didnt have my loss limit set at ~$3/trade
Wait did you mean the losing trades that i closed or the "Balance Financing" trade? Im currently in a EURGBP long that i shouldve closed A LONG time ago so those balance financing losing trades are just the net loss for that one trade thats losing right now im just holding it until it jumps back up and my losses arent so much so i can close it again, that trade is from like 2-3 weeks ago that im still holding and is not part of this test so disregard that finance
always inverse WSB lol
and youre now in the money
$SPCE is gonna be the next Tesla Hold retards this shoot is going to space, and we have even left the ground yet were about 100ft above sea level right now we got miles to go
so should everyone buy puts right before earnings and literally sell the next day or two when its dropping?
TSM is a hella good play right now all in on $70 calls for 4/17
definitely think calls, theyre hitting lower highs PUTS might pay off after a bout a months time
Damn good deal Bought my 07 with ~90k miles for $14k had to pay the California tax
Oh shit This might be it
Been married for two years, I’ve taken my ring off all of maybe a combined 30 seconds. It never comes off. Keeps the hoes away.
It’s low and dying
Why? does that net more profits? What would happen if i let Robinhood exercise it? Do i have to pay for the 100 shares or does robinhood front the cost and i just take the difference?
So if i have $2500 in my account and the contract exercises Robinhood will automatically take my "Buying Power" for $2500 and buy 100 shares for me automatically then, in turn, i can just sell all of the shares immediately after?
Got it but robinhood selling it doesnt mean that it will actually sell correct?
just hold are you guys really this retarded? if anything you guys should be buying a lot more right now
not if you bought it at are losing money people would only buy with Crypto if their already making money from it other than that they are just holding
Oanda the broker does this to cover ongoing losing trades Ive been holding a losing trade for like two weeks right now and thats just Oanda taking their cut to keep it open i didnt take out $3 bucks myself, my broker did
Man some of you guys are really salty about me doing this test and idk why
I do, I don’t really like OANDA Margin is like 50:1 too can’t go higher
Doesn’t look new enough My next truck will either be a Tacoma or F150
Im not saying youre wrong this is literally just a test of many times this set up can be correct and profitable working with only one or two pairs is definitely the way to go i just want to see how consistent this new very bold strategy is
Top Boi
then how does it work? to my understanding this is it? other than that i have no clue why it would show that
are they not a good broker?
nice thank you ill definitely look into forex.com
I’m sorry sir. We need a banana for scale
That’s cool and all but what’s the profit?
50% up that’s great good job man
Exceljet.com R/excel Excel John on YouTube
So the patient is in Santa Ana?
Skip around the room! Skip around the room!
You gotta be fucking kidding me. How is this real
Thanks man!
Really? Is their proof of this?
100% Buy fucking everything I just keep adding to my calls lol
Do a quick chart analysis of DFS, definitely buying this 100%
It dropped because of corona virus shorts on the market. Literally no other reason why it would drop
Wtf lol
I’ll put a $100 on AEMD sure
Not sure about this one But it should be live after about 4 days the item is either purchased or delivered
there is not evidence as of yet that it can survive in the open without a host/body to survive but always take precaution because why not
also i guess the filtering by color and just adding the text seems reasonable without the code probably the way i would go about this
so if we email those emails they will go to the customers messaging end?
I would need to do this with two different colors so i can use your formula like this: =if(b2&lt;=25,"yes","")+if(b2&gt;=25,"no","") i have two colors that im dignifying If color red then Yes if color yellow then Maybe
**February 14 2020** *The world is in fear because hearts start to randomly com bust in flames inside of people*
&gt;My niche doesn't have a slew of keywords related to it so bids are crazy expensive Do you think this because youve gone through every possibility of keywords or because you are assuming there are no more relative keywords apart from the "commonly" known ones?
lol i mean PPC really isnt that hard or time consuming when youve got it down, i always recommend everyone learn it themselves I would never recommend spending $25k/month for someone to handle your account but if you can afford it why not aha
No you
Why say long word when short word do trick
add the exact match to your auto campaign? thats a bit of an advanced suggestion for this sub lol
yeah im selling everything if we hit $10k again or $12k im sure itll test again then really rally up with the halvening a couple months away i wanna be holding something just to make sure
It does for the most part Even if your bids are low that doesn’t guarantee a good ACOS if your item isn’t good organically good ACOS usually means a good product overall
Ufff if so then I’d recommend items that are bought with your item frequently Other than that I’d try competing against them and at minimum testing how you would compete against then
That’s an over simplification, they might have 3% but only like $100 in sales In order for 3% to be considered a good ACOS it would have to be a campaign that’s at least 3 months old or more and have a very high return dollar wise I can easily get 3% ACOS but it wouldn’t matter if dollar wise it’s only a $100 return
Nah, I wouldn’t buy anything after ATH unless I’m profiting I’d spend my money on alts
This is the way
its not, youll confuse people if you start suggesting that if you dont explain why in no way is that "basic" knowledge for Amazon PPC
how is this illegal he just found a way to smart the system if anything he should be able to keep all these gains for himself
too late to get in now
That college is "worthless" Really? Get the fuck out of here with that, college can significantly increase your life by 10 fold If you, of course, would like to be something that doesnt require college by all means, BUT dont say that college is worthless, it has provided people with great lives and great financial statures Please dont go around complaining about College and how worthless it is, its not
100% especially with the younger generation I cant help but see a bunch of youtube videos where all of these "successful" youtubers say that they never went to college and everyone watching the videos shouldnt either because "They can just do what the person in the video is doing" I really hope the younger generation doesnt believe this and can have their own thought process and realize that even though college is expensive, it open up a tremendous amount of opportunity
Could’ve just bought that in options and fucking destroyed
Over $600 jesus fucking christ
Good enough for me Calls until it hits $1999 and then fucking puts to lose it all
Pennies.....Penn.....$PENN $PENN $420 confirmed
yeah gonna keep testing for awhile
Theyre based off a custom Center of Gravity indicator and RSI and MACD if my set up says to take it i basically just do the opposite direction seems to be working fine for now but who knows how long this will work for
I’d buy
You would need to get a data scraper try simple scraper its a web scraper extension/add-on for chrome and pretty easy to use you can download it as an excel file
what the fuck is TLSA
$PENN $35 Calls actually seems like a really really good play
Apple literally caused a problem by removing the AUX port on all iPhones then they created the Airpods to fill that gap Its not always "What problem can i solve" Its "Whats cool, will actually sell and be profitable and worth my time"
arent we all
Theyre battery is in no competition Their super car is bonkers the model y is selling like tacos on a tuesday night they basically have a monopoly on self driving cars their AI technology is un matched and its run by Elon thats really all you need Tesla to $1000
starts in 15 minutes just waiting to watch to see some good new and my calls can go in the green again
whats the return look like? Like was is your monthly PPC revenue?
everyone here is at low ACOS and im just thinking that eveyone on here is losing money Low ACOS doesnt mean youre doing well at all it means youre leaving a lot of money on the table and not taking enough risk
Literally
This title is stupid, it was only created because small countries have limited resources and health help
They’re doing a good job of quarantining, that doesn’t mean everyone’s infected
It isn’t, China is just good at control
We are at your starting grounds We have multiple brands under us and our main business is B2B, we are in Costco, Walmart, Bed Bath and Beyond, Smart and Final, etc our actual companies business brings in about $400 million/year We just started our Amazon account in February of 2019 and as of now we have grown the account to $2mil in sales and roughly another $1Mil for outside of amazon (online) Any recommendations you have that would take us from $3million to $10 million? We just started Google ads for one of our brands and its working pretty well, but anything apart from advertisement that helped you grow?
So end of week 2 and we are in profit again! The first week was around $12 and thats bumped up to $15.61! or generated into standard lot sizes, that would be around $720 I realized that a lot of losing trades were not hitting my take profit because of spread so today i changed my account to commissions instead of spread. I will be testing to see how well this works for the upcoming week and if that makes a difference for trades not hitting my TP when they were supposed to Up to now, everything has been kind of testing but i think next week will be the real test of it being a new and finalized strategy wish me luck!
thank you, took me two weeks to found a name that stuck
tell me of these future and how i can lose more money on them
The people are gonna start shooting back Hard
Play stupid games win stupid prizes That person had it coming
Yep
Not sure if you’re being sarcastic or not lol
It really didn’t News can make or break any TA TA still works great
12,000 job loss and space x launch All bullish news for BA At least know what the news is Jesus
Do you wanna compare account growth and see what my full TA account looks like compared to yours?
My TA said if price did this then this LAST week depends my on one factor That factor happened and I became bearish (still am) This prop up was because of SpaceX and the news of BA laying people off All bullish news TA is great with no news and even better with news that props it in the consensus direction TA is not so great when I say BA is going down and BA the next day creates a plane that never needs gas again Cmon learn a little
RIOT is shit
Rookie
lol you really think that huh?
It’s gonna go down to $2 again before it really rockets
100% But I think it touches $6k one more time before mooning
I mean Look at the year chart lol
LOL We are definitely going to see a second spike The fact that you think “it’s over” is retarded California’s just got bored of staying in, that’s really it Things are gonna get worse before they get better
Wow that was gold
What are you doing though? How much are you running?
I would short it, but not yet I’d look into shorting at 0.96501
I mean look at what happened to the US dollar from Feb 19 to March 23ish That’s basically what will happen again if stock market crashes
LOL $10k on Calls and only up $700
Still dumbass play Risking $10k for a $700 return You’re gonna lose your money REAL a quick if you keep trading stupid options like this
You literally GUH’d You risked $10,000 to make $700 That’s fucking stupid even for WSBs
Mods flair this guy with Retarded GUH
Dude it came down like what 5% from yesterday’s close? Everyone’s giving you crap because you could’ve lost $10,000 on a play that only netted you $700 If you would have bought calls and just waited another week you would have made way more money Your risk was horrible Buying $10k worth of options and only netting $700 was BAD Do NOT get used to doing that at all
What a difference!
can you share?
for mt4 or mt5?
Focus on making $200 week instead Consistently making $30 a day will be tough
100%
Look up confluence on YouTube Specifically either Cue Banks Confluence 1.0 or 2.0
We’re mooning till November for the elections, if Trump doesn’t win I’m selling everything That’s literally how this is gonna play out
Disney, Comcast, universal, Pixar, Fox, basically any and all movie makers Where did Disney make most of their marketing growth from? Disney animation and most recently the marvel franchise and Star Wars Where did Universal make an extreme growth of brand recognition from? Harry Potter, despicable me and transformers (all movies) Same thing for Sony, Pixar, etc Most of these companies would be half what they are now if it we’re for their growth from movies And AMC being the biggest theater company in the US I really doubt it’ll collapse
If you’re getting depressed trading your leveraged too much and scared about losing the money Trade with smaller lots
they make more money and see more marketing at theaters dont be retarded Disney would rather have movies than stream to their Disney+ do you have any idea how much harder it would be to get people to sign up to Disney+ then have people go to the movies? theyll make BILLIONS off of ONE movie you really think that Disney+ even comes close to that a year? and do you really think that Disney+ has the same reach as say a recent release of Infinity war or Endgame or any star wars movie? there is a reason Bob Igor came back to the Disney table as soon as the "Bankruptcy of AMC" news became public idk who will prop up AMC or be a major buyer but its gonna happen AMC is a stable business that will not go away unless Covid kills like a billion people and becomes a problem that cant be solved
Cheaper doesnt equal more its just what i think movie theaters are too big on brand growth and marketing to be let go If disney can make a billion+ through streaming its movies on Disney+ then they dont care, but if they cant its movie theaters 100%
https://youtu.be/p1geqMMNGmQ I bet
https://youtu.be/p1geqMMNGmQ I bet
https://youtu.be/p1geqMMNGmQ I bet
I coded a bot to comment this video on Reddit to anything with the word “ice cream” in it Guess I gotta refined it more huh lol
Santa Ana here Felt it outside
Doesn’t that make you think though? As soon as you turn into a bear and start buying calls you lose all your money This is the way
An average investor has no clue how to even start investing Their first glance is “stock is cheap buy now” At least most of WSBs do some sort of DD before entering a stupid option If WSBs was REALLY that stupid you wouldn’t see legit DD posts, insider trading and gains from the same people multiple times over
There aren’t a million people active on here Those that are, are generally better than your average investor that can’t tell the difference between a cheap stock and a shitty one
TP @ 1.07154 Possible short downwards towards 1.06781
60% of the time they’re right every time
Oh gotcha my bad, carry on
I was being sarcastic lol They’re up but if there is another leg down, they’re going to hurt bad
There can be shitty robots
Might make my first Vive review on this Looks awesome
FBO and e85 That or FBO and nitrous You’re gonna have a blast
That’s not bad HRs in my area are selling for minimum $8k
Fucked Me Up
An inconsistent robot is shitty A robot can do the same thing over and over That same thing being done over and over can be wrong
Just post the car damn Ain’t nobody trying to see no chicks on here
Just added it to my arsenal I think the MACD + the AO are gonna work SUPER great together
Wasn’t the unemployment rate at +20%? How the fuck did it drop down to 13% with only 2.5 million jobs added?
The US is 100% over Corona
Get more money somehow This was a very VERY dumb thing you did Wow
Salty much lol
Worse then hell You and your parents might become homeless At this point, you guys should try and get a loan or ask family for money and explained what happened Please don’t trade anymore
Not really I doubled my account in a month
It’s ending in July + even if that were true, there were already a reported 29 million unemployed just in May The numbers make no sense at all
bad news = good news good news = better news market = manipulated
you know what i completely forgot that root beer floats were a thing
Tasted way better than I thought it would
People are scepter because these numbers look shady af
what do you mean by "work around search"? 14k subs is awesome though! im sure if you were more consistent you would be at 100k subs easy by now im looking at taking out my vive and making videos with that too but thats takes a lot more time
thank you really wish it got more upvotes though really wanted to see peoples suggestions for improvements
by better audio do you mean someone talking or actual better audio quality from a microphone? faster pace do you mean a shorter video or me just doing everything faster? and ill try the background music for the next one, thank you!
So you think that BETZ or really more like online gaming has a really good shot at being legalized in all states within the nxt 5 years?
I created the video above And I have an IG but I’m not active on there I’ve been focusing on just growing YouTube first then moving to other platforms
Dude wtf
I mean it looked like they were having trouble knocking it down Seems like great work to me lol
Oh shiiiiiiit time to pick up my Vive again lol
LMAO
It isn’t Trading with real money is a good indicator if you’re ready to start trading with more money than a small deposit Demo account are great for learning what buttons to push and where things are on MT4 or whatever platform you use The only real indicator is depositing an amount you’re comfortable losing and growing that Then when you’ve grown that initial small real deposit then you’re ready to really start trading with a bigger amount You have no idea how many traders only demo then lose everything when they open a real account Psychology is like 99% of trading
You don’t think it’s too loud for ASMR?
Thank you! Someone pointed out about how this is basically an ice cream float all mixed together and that they would be excited to try it I COMPLETELY forgot ice cream floats were a thing until their comment yesterday lol
i gotta comment on this man let me tell you, i backtested the AO indicator and it works fantastic with my strategy thanks for suggesting it
lol
109.271 seems like the right buy price
Thank you
Wait till bitcoin is a thing Buy a shit ton Wait till 2017 Sell everything Done I mean there really isn’t anything else you should do honestly
Or you know Just buy bitcoin lol
LOL really? What a fucking dingus
You should link it
Real returns? You can actually make millions per year, possibly billions But is that realistic for everyone? No. Because not everyone has that kind of capital and a well enough working strategy
It’s be easier to have a chart and see how it’s working instead of me implementing it myself and figuring it out
I could’ve but I didn’t That’s why your post was downvoted to “0” and I’m offering you an explanation on *why* you were downvoted You’re literally asking “give me something that makes me money so I don’t have to do any research of my own, spoon feed me” That’s who *you* are bro
No Go on babypips.com or YouTube
The military actually does a really good job at recruiting It’s just the after affects of war that fuck people up
Asking people on WSBs where to invest hahahaha
You really think this is a drop? Aha Literally nothing happened but a slight dip
I wouldn’t short just yet
Hold it till it either hits you SL or TP
You do realize he knows exactly what he’s doing right? He doesn’t get enough credit He plays a character on mad money But he was a huge player back in his hedge fund days
too bad trailing stops only work on desktops right?
I’m in
What other brokers are you/have you used? I’ve only ever used traders way for bigger leverage but got out once they stopped taking deposit credit/debit cards directly
How? I google it and YouTube and return nothing?
Wtf dude
LOL 100% hell lose all his money soon enough
$3.43 million? jesus
No way in hell that is the same person
lol !RemindMe 1 Month
Im gonna throw min $10k at this this shit is gonna fucking RIP and its actually a great company fuck it yolo in and then calls all day a wee after
New data engineer moving into machine learning can agree, im hearing A LOT of good things about snowflake even though i dont use it
how much money do you have in it thats the real tell all if youre serious about it or not
I hate you Fine, I’ll throw $100 bucks at it
LMAOOOOOOOOOO
Robinhood - Keeping companies from bankruptcies since 2020
Doesn’t matter stonks go up Buy Bux
Trading on big time frame charts so I don’t short on dips like these
All the time when a pair ticks all of my boxes But for this trade, I’m very short term bearish (like hours) and a couple days bullish So a drawdown like this won’t make me cash out I’ve learned after a long time trading that your trades need air to breathe And drawdowns like this are that wiggle room for me if I expect that by later tonight or tomorrow this will hit my TP of 0.94704
No we’re not lol Nothing tanked Small 1% dips and people are jumping off buildings Jesus
Literally only buying calls on all blue chips from here till 2022 Literally free money
Just doubled down on Jan 15 SPY Calls I’m already up $4k on calls and expect to be somewhere at $100k+ by end of 2020 Literally free money until 2022 Calls on SPY dips until 2022 Positions: https://imgur.com/gallery/acl1j6s
Bullish until 2022
https://imgur.com/gallery/acl1j6s
how? i could literally sell for profit right now
Do you have any idea how Tesla stock runs? itll be at $5000 by this time next year Its a meme stock for even hedge funds and banks
The Model 3's are a very VERY nice car for the $35,000 price tag Why buy a civic or a camry or an Altima when you can have a Model 3 with self-driving? it just doesnt make sense
literally at peak low sometime around early March i think
im waiting to see where we are Q2, i think were going to rally up until Q3 and if Q3 is really bad then ill sell everything but my plan for now is holding until the elections, if Trump wins im holding until early december if trump loses im selling right away the markets hate democrats for some reason, either way im looking to be out by around November time
Bullish, calls all day will print from here till then
It’s gonna be like that for the next 2-3 years and by the end SPY is gonna be at like fucking 1000
FREE MONEY TILL 2022 BIIIITTCCCHHHHH
Fucking gay
Fucking ban this retard
Nothing but SPY 420 Big Boi
Cocaine and hookers are strong Put em right at the front
Who’s man is this? Get him the fuck out of here
Netflix can do whatever the fuck they want They’ve provided millions with fuck sessions through “Netflix and Chill” Let them be
Those are just my SPY positions Have calls on KG, TESLA, SPCE and BA exp next week I think
Mods flair this man with “Put Pussy”
That sounds fucking sweet
Ahaha same I’m up like $10k just these past two weeks still Today down $3k Edit: Down $4k now
Warning for driving UNDER the speed limit? Wtf kind of backwards thinking is that? lol
im holding moderna and sorrento so i hope so so i can get the fuck out of these trades
Who’s man is this?
Who’s man is this not using Robinhood? Ban
Ahahahahahahahahahahhahahahaha That’s what you fucking get
You might make a lot of money today Or you know Maybe not who knows yet lol
On what mark? Lol Everyone wants Doge to be worth $1 But is it actually gonna get there? You have better chances at making more money with Chainlink, BTC and ETH
Fucking huge wow
It’s a good play if the merger happens If not then we get the fuck out
If he shows up with your mom yeah
thats completely false there have been people in their twenties who have passed away because of Covid with no terminal illness at all
That’s how you know they’re going to be worthless
Wasn’t this from a couple months ago?
Drove to Big Bear today, the amount of people NOT wearing face masks and eating INSIDE of restaurants blew my mind If you guys thought OC was bad drive through Big Bear it was absolutely the worst today Already know one person who passed from Covid and let me tell you it is not worth it Wear your masks and stay inside. Please.
Does the job pay? Cuz I’m down Look at my post history of r/forex I think that’s enough resume I think you guys should look at post history of the user to determine mod Been here like 5+ years now I do a lot of AB testing for r/forex Also am on Reddit a lot, so that’s a plus
Wish I could trade XU OANDA doesn’t let me :/
How do you make it?
100% chimp looks like a swole ass dude
Aha thank you! I don’t have a problem admitting when I’m wrong Which i think helps when trading a lot more than people think Good luck to you too man
Dear god You’re a genius
And just like that Bears r fuck
I have a SHIT TON of TSLA Calls I hope so
Starting to think you’re way more retarded than you think you’re not
$300k in Jan 15 SPY calls baby
lol
100% this
this is amazing
So happy I bought puts
Why?
This fucking genius
God helps us all
true he recommended SHOP when it was at like $500 a month or two ago
100% this
If you’re losing at stocks you’re gonna lose even faster at Forex Your 500 would be lost in a day in Forex and not take you 3 months
There is no woah Stop trading the 1 min chart
You’re not gonna be profitable just by trading on one chart Use the day for S/R and direction Use the 4 hour for further direction confirmation Use the hour for entry Plenty of profitable traders Most trade the 4 hour and higher
WHY THE FUCK IS IT GOIN DOWN!?!?!?!? I bought like $1000 worth of $35 Calls exp tomorrow Fuck me dude
I’ve been saying $420 by EOY since March All my poor ass friends bought new cars, TVs and planning trips already I ain’t no late train chicken shit bandwagon pussy that just started saying SPY $320 I need my internet friends to know who I really am Bull for life baby
Because lines moves up and down And the lines are telling me that we’re looking like it’s going upsies 60% of the time, I’m right all the time
If it closes at $330 I’ll find out where you live and jerk your off myself
They were all great lol These were just like 100x better than anything else I’ve made so far aha The coke one was surprisingly the better of the three you mentioned
If I was retarded I’d drink my piss But because I’m not I’m only eating ice cream chicken as worse case and printing big money at best case So fucking 10/10 out of me either way Fuck you and your ice cream hating heart
Fucking big brain over here huh
I’m gonna pop at open then drop Tomorrow might he the final pump
Deeply sorry about your loss and very surprised at how young your friend was But I 100% agree, the virus is VERY much real and it’s a shame that people don’t take it as seriously as they should be My mother has cancer and I have to be extra EXTRA careful around her It’s scary to say the least My condolences, I really do hope we can all make a crap ton of money and rebuild better
Upvoted because I want everyone on WSBs to see how retarded you are
Because if MSFT doesn’t touch or pass $200 it would have been pointless I’m waiting for that $200 price confirmation
They were the worst of times They were the best of times
Having seen a bunch of retarded under age rich kids with more Apple shit then a fucking Apple farm on TikTok I’m all in Apple glasses is gonna be a fucking moon jump for them
Thank you so much! I’m sorry about not using the correct words But I was actually referring to stamping plates! Lol She has a plastic one and it’s so hard to get the nail polish from it Thanks to your and others comments every one left, now we know that the steel ones work better! You guys were a lot of help she says thanks!
Thanks for this! Now we know that the steel plates are the way to go! We were having so much travel picking up the design lol She has a class stamper and is sometimes hard to pick up the designs, does the actual class stamper need to be cleaned somehow or prepped to be better?
Is that really how he took his life?
Fuck no Disney is a bigger beast than Amazon or Apple Never NEVER bet against the mouse
AZ current capacity already at 83%?
This means Tesla to $1500 on Monday retard
INVENTED BY THE CULT!!!! I just want a Lexus!
100% this
lol MSFT 200
Retarded move There’s still a huge chance SPY would’ve hit 330 be next month
And the lord bless you with tendies my son GUH be with you
You’re all welcome
I love you baby
I never deleted it Reddit did is still on my profile
@icecreamrollsguy If you’re into calm stuff check it out https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC_9zKvmU8J-0w-ezBTo0cnw
Once "Tesla Stock" hits the 50 number there will be a sell off the next day every other day is bull gang
basically anytime "Tesla Stock" goes over 50 trending there will be a sell off for one day only any other time tesla is bull gang so buy calls on any other day that Tesla is not around the "50" mark a week out and youll make money guaranteed
its a lagging indicator you can understand from its history as long as trade tesla when the trend is at highs or low, youre solid for bull gang if youre buying calls or puts around the "50" mark youre shit out of luck
"Tesla Stock"
nah this for Tesla only
I’m not I literally said short ONLY after the trend passed the 50 Data mark search Literally buy calls any other day and you make money
Got tucked on MSFT puts
Holy shit I can’t believe it actually fucking worked
I know right, because a $30 margin call is so crazy
I’m not margin called anymore, it happened last night and it’s going away today after close I have literally only been MC for like a couple hours
Not goons lie, you had me at the first half But yeah I get it, I’d disagree with me too if it wasn’t happening so often but idk seems like it is
Long story Involves criminal activity Selling twinkies internationally
I wish I could buy right now Can’t though
I made the hypothesis that it was Google trends was limited and gave info up until June 20th How the trend holds up, you see a cross down from the 50 mark &gt; then a flat two days &gt; then a push back over the “50” mark June 20th is the cross down from 50 June 21st is the first flat day June 22nd is the second flat day June 23rd (yesterday) was the cross over the 50 June 23/24 is the down day Starting today you should start buying calls We will see TESLA over $1000 again in a week or less The sell off (according to google trends) is a indicator of a short term bear trend, could last another day or two But right now is the perfect time to buy calls two weeks out to a month out
*selling premium
Yes, I’m selling premium so as soon as it nets a return I’m out
idk its been pretty consistent with google trends
actually your coin flipping would be better literally a 50% chance you either make or lose money with less thought
Calls a week or two out I said
Eh let’s hope by end of tomorrow we see some tendies Just bought in Tesla for $8000
I do You can also debit spread it
Upvote this man
I bought puts on MSFT and sold yesterday for profit All I did was flip premium lol Are you really this retarded?
Assuming you bought those a while back? I’m currently holding Jan SPY calls and their all printing atm
My man knows his stuff
Fuck it
If I’m not we’re both fucked
That’s so much I literally just have my phone, two indicators and S/R lines I do okay I can’t trade on desktop for some reason
he should be able to put that on his resume and get a job based solely on just that
Okay deal
I DONT KNOW WHAT THIS MEANS
Fuck it I’m in for 50 $2 Calls Aug 21st Let this shit stock fucking moon to $10
Can you make this into an app?
Nope Get out now Too much bearish movement, if anything it’ll touch the 1.17480 area but dip back down I’d cut my losses here Edit: looks like next stop is 1.15307 before another retest of the 1.17480 If I wasn’t in other trades atm I’d short this immediately
Small positions so don’t need one
I’ll keep this in mind Solid advice thank you
Hell yeah holding till next week Bought more actually
100% fam I actually bought more calls and shares
same but with 1200c
im right here, i said $1k today or monday i bought more calls and shares at close
Wtf even is this post
100% will make it more popular White people love wearing shit that black people wear And yeezy opens up a whole new demographic to gap Buy gap now
SPY 420 EOY gtfo
It it’s profits then you’re all set boiii
An extremely high the stress ain’t worth it
IKEAs sales are still growing year over year
Under the same parent Aldi doesnt own traders joes
Snowflake is one of the biggest players growing in cloud computing Basically think Azure and AWS but cheaper, better and much easier to use They’ve stole A LOT of clients from AWS and AZURE and don’t seem to be stopping anytime soon If I HAD to invest in a company that wasn’t Amazon, Microsoft or Google I’d go Snowflake as an easy first, AYX an easy second
What does lemonade do?
Have everything set at a sell limit of $1000 What did I tell you This google trends shit was no joke
100% this Selling out of everything and depositing another $20k into Robinhood and buying soon as Snowflake IPOs This shit is fucking mooning day one I’ve used Snowflake and they steal SO MANY clients/business from AWS and Azure
100% this
For sure bro, we’re almost at $1000 too
Trump literally just announced that there will be one this past weekend
lol you are really underestimating how much the Fed and trump want the market to rise
I’ll check google trends and see if we cross the 50 data mark to buy more puts
Sell all your Calls!!! Google trends just crossed the “50” data threshold! Sell your call options by end of day and buy puts!
Sell all your Calls!!! Google trends just crossed the “50” data threshold! Sell your call options by end of day and buy puts!
Sell all your Calls!!! Google trends just crossed the “50” data threshold! Sell your call options by end of day and buy puts!
Sell all your Calls!!! Google trends just crossed the “50” data threshold! Sell your call options by end of day and buy puts!
youre welcome fam also sold all calls and bought puts at end of day just crossed the 50 data threshold again
Yeah last week, now sell the top
well see usually when the 50 data threshold is passed on google trends we see a dip down of a day, we might hit $960 again tomorrow at least that what my puts are looking for to make some dough
Ufff either way one of us will win Im holding about 5 $960 Puts with Exp 7/10
you should consult me before any play you do
i dont know man, im just following whatever google trends says like an idiot and its working so to answer your question, si
and my IQ is barely in the double digits
fire doesnt scare me
well then, itll be right tomorrow then lol
can you vote for me more? go create multiple reddit accounts and vote more manipulate the system
all love bby
Buy Hertz
no it was Friday or Monday retard, read the TL;DR
bouncing on this bby dick bby
ayyyy
the ";" worked thank you
Buy me some illegal fireworks and we’ll call it even
Just saw what it means You dickwad lol
Mods gave that to me unless price hits by eod today lol
Bullish Boeing $1000
Thank you!!! Holding this thing for a while then
I am also my hero
Still holding $1200 calls for 7/17 But I’m down a lot on my $960 puts 7/17
Exactly
always
