Hunter S Thompson would literally transcribe books he admired. He said he did it for cadence.
We are talking about writing. The guy had a long career as a writer that pre-dated his extracurricular activities. Just because you don't agree with something doesn't mean others can't find merit in it.
This would be a perfect time to retire. Shogun did not look good in that fight.
Just end this.. Marriage is a contract like any other. Your vows and relationship were based on certain gender roles. He's changing the terms of the deal/vows. That's his right but it's your right not to be cool with it and not to feel shitty about not liking it. Doesn't make him or you bad people just incompatible people.
Does your husband want to go to community college?
It tastes like coffee?
What do you mean by fight for you?
Stress brings out true character.
Both. There is a good documentary called Meet The Patels. Race and colorism is a big thing in India. Let her know how you feel but just know this is over. She's 19. She isn't going cut out her folks of her relationship at that age.
Mr. Brooks. I Saw The Devil
In two books there is maybe a half book worth of actual meaningful plot.
I feel like they could have created 100 sitcoms just as good with that money.
Contact the IRS and request a copy of your wage and income transcripts. You can do it online.
As bad as you and OP feel it's so much better that this is dealt with now as opposed to later. Divorce is so much rougher than a failed engagement.
https://www.usatoday.com/story/news/politics/2017/10/10/army-accepting-more-low-quality-recruits-giving-waivers-marijuana-hit-targets/750844001/
Naw. I'm sure she's back with that guy by now. Family was already using/making excuses for his behavior.
Good, I stand corrected and I hope she doesn't go back to him. That said the way her family was talking it doesn't appear that way.
How about you believe him. He's likely right but maybe not for the reasons you think.
I miss them. I watched them as a kid with my grandmother. As an adult whenever I was home sick I'd catch up. They are so much fun. I always thought they could do well played late at night. I grew up watching them all. Santa Barbara All My Children On Life To Live, General Hospital, Another World. Also having older sister syou can't overstate how much of a sex symbol the 1980s stars were. Also the villians. As the world Turn s had a reoccurring midget villian. Luke, Blackie, the list goes on
On One Life to Live Vicki had a split personality for decades. She was just fun though. Then in the 90s a new personalities popped up. Shit was crazy.
They had the worst actors. Odd one of the actors is now on the number one drama on TV.
Define thoughtful? Marriage is for both of them he's not doing some romantic gesture FOR her. She wants an Instagram moment.
Doesn't all the activity wake him up?
There guys who might be into this straight up. If you want a sexual partner you can find one. It's just a matter of determining their character.
Never. He's fucking you on old sheets, an old mattress, etc.. We are all adults here.
Ask for a copy of his test.
When her vagina smelt so bad we both coughed at the same time. She ran to the shower in shame.
Newspapers tend to do the nuts and bolts crime reporting. This paper was gutted and news stations don't have that kind of time. APD is very willing to lie to make Austin appear safe. No danger to the community is a common statement but they can't possibly know it as often as they say it. See Austin Bomber case.
You need to follow the suggestion. Ask your sponsor if this relationship is good for you or your sobriety.
Would it kill them to get an actual old lady?
Maybe try an actual loving relationship. See if the feelings come back. I bet they will
I meant unhappy in your relationship.
In Bastrop, Tx a sheriff stole someone's hour and gave it their daughter. This shit happens everywhere.
Its the path of least resistance. Assholes will come in all colors.
It won't mean anything if he's showing it to his friends. They'll know who she is.
Friends will share it too and they know who she is.
Sounds like he has a Madonna complex.
Mother! was shitty and almost universally hated. If this movie is slightly coherent it won't get any comparisons.
Nobody asked for this thread. Nobody asks for anything. Let people vent.
Two separate issues. One is him keeping in contact with an ex and flirting. The other issue z not choking you. Could be he thinks you aren't kinky or wouldn't like it. This girl is throwing her pussy at him so there was no misunderstanding what she wants. She's not being coy. If she wants to be choked she likely told him. Better question is what do you want?
That made UFC a ton of money with no money spent.
Colby let Maia touch him up.
Could they include retired military pay?
If I recall they tried to get this guy help before he did this. I think he was released. It's very hard to get someone committed to a hospital and even harder if they are an adult. I've seen people baying at the moon and singing hynms not get committed.
Oh please. One person's degradation is another person's Tuesday night. If it's all consensual who cares.
I think he's missing their complaints. The way most of them seemed to learn was by sparring. Maybe sparring could have helped some of this stuff sink in.
They get paid better too. TUF contracts suck.
Faber was good too.
Go look on Amazon Prime. The show looks like shit there
Don't say anything. Nothing good can come from it.
You mean the same prison reform that Obama's attorney general actually tried to implement in sentencing?
Honestly One would be really good to sign him. He could be their Rogan. I like Jimmy more than the fighters who commentate who often have personal agendas.
That might help his snoring but it doesn't stop his apnea. He needs a sleep study.
Good for you.
It sounds like their commitment to disposable packaging probably caused this issue.
I'm sure it was also money. It's always money.
Sit her down and listen to This is Criminal podcast. Episode Gil from London.
Then you've missed a lot of good fights. Perhaps you should watch fights on Worldstar Hip-Hop instead. All stand-up and over in 30 seconds.
I mean if selling a car I think you should get a discount for cash. Checks can be a scam.
I don't see any of these on her Instagram. Did she delete them?
Well Moonlighting was a good show for her. She was a hot actress for a long time but she had a difficult reputation. Every show she did she had drama.
She was an adult at that point and nobody but his ex-wife is complaining. I think Dollhouse was her getting him on board. If I recall he was done with TV by that point.
They want to preserve the show.
https://www.vox.com/the-goods/2018/12/13/18139678/cbd-industry-hemp-legalization-farm-bill 'With hemp’s legalization, CBD is bound to become even more visible. Its legal status remains unclear — the Drug Enforcement Administration classifies CBD as illegal, although it doesn’t go after anyone using or possessing it, and it hasn’t said if it will reclassify CBD now that hemp is legal. But regardless, the passage of the farm bill has big implications for the burgeoning CBD industry." Feds can still go after you.
If.. There is no guarantee. Don't underestimate government fuckery.
Poor Jimmy Smith. Ten years going to fucking Thackerville and they fire him before they do a card in Hawaii. Fuckers.
Not taking into account people who are amateurs or basically beginners I once saw Rudy Ray Moore, a headliner comedian who was a movie star in the 70s stop a show five minutes in.
No mention of Tone Loc? He passes out on stage, a lot.
The pilot is and isn't the writer's medium. When you direct a pilot you aren't directing traffic. There is a reason so many shows have famous guys doing the pilots. They get a say. Now Smith probably could have been more diplomatic about things.
Pretty sure he had gastric bypass or lapband surgery. I've seen that body type before.
Open scoring is a great idea. None of this I thought I was winning bullshit. Lots more guys might throw in the towel too.
I have been there a few times..No gastric distress even with hot hot.
What game is this from?
Or he could be a different kind of dick than Weatherly. I think the goth chick left because she didn't get along with Harmon after his dog bit her on set and he kept bringing it to set.
How many ex-wives have anything good to say about their ex-husbands?
I only like their slutty brownies.
R Kelly's victim said it wasn't her on the tape in spite of her family members saying it was. https://www.vox.com/culture/2017/10/5/16431848/harvey-weinstein-sexual-harassment-rumors Roman Polanski's victim thinks the case should be dropped and blames the legal system. https://www.vox.com/culture/2017/10/5/16431848/harvey-weinstein-sexual-harassment-rumors Woody Allen's wife says he didn't touch her until she was an adult and in college and that they had no parental relationship.( She also says Mia is crazy and abusive) https://www.vulture.com/2018/09/soon-yi-previn-speaks.html People involved in cases like these are only believed sometimes, particularly if they have something to lose by admitting it.
Jimmy Smith earned every dime that night.
Yeah show me the model for a hit tv fantasy series without any adult appeal? There are way more relevant fantasy series that would lend itself better to modern tv. Besos wanted his own GOT. This will not be anything close.
Breakfast tacos are on point for the money.
I don't know if Mary Poppins is in the zeitgeist. Disney should have had it on repeat all day.
The people walking to the border in Mexico and asking for asylum are going through the proper channels. You are allowed to ask for asylum. Most people who are undocumented overstay visas.
The rich guy might demand something of her. We have no idea if she's educated or had a good job. Very possible reality star is her aspiration.
Cigars I hear are great for pnumonia
That's very common. Most of the people working with adults with mental disabilities aren't high trained.
Conservatives never sound more reasonable than they do on PBS and NPR. I think lots of conservatives, smart ones, listen to NPR and watch PBS.
What do you mean by goony?
No. They are broken up for a reason. If he wanted to be with her he could be chasing her already. He doesn't want that and neither does she.
Its intense, not scary.
First Matrix trailer.
Her PFL fights have been fun. She's a long way from a finished product though.
I mean shouldn't they take her to the hospital to be sure? You can't really eyeball eye damage.
Guys are bigger and stronger.
Professionals don't have fight venues changed to another state on a days notice.
And the full endorsement of the organization to cheat.
Was he brown?
Just have her watch Investigation Discovery for a weekend. She won't trust anybody, especially you. Really though good show tracking this guy down. Having a web site is not a show of credibility anymore.
She's not that into you. She thinks you are boring not hot or exciting. You likely have a job, insurance and pay your bills on time. Dump her and find someone who appreciates you being a functional adult
Talk to the hospital and the doctor. If she's broke enough she may qualify for some kind assistance from the hospital/doctor group. I know someone who got on some kind of financial assistance program with a hospital so all their care got comped once they reached a certain point. The hospital might know about some kind of assistance program.
Not unless he totally rebuilds and starts over. New team, new approach. I don't see him doing that.
Old Town road is a two year old song. Dude was stoking the fire on it for years. It's not a flash in the pan hit. He worked it. He should start a social media company.
Downside was it was run by real gangsters so they had to stop digging
Had piss poor defense as well. On one of those knockdowns his hands were almost completely down.
If you are not financially stable you can't even have space to figure shit out. I'm happy for him. I had a professor who said the key to success in the arts is marrying well.. It's a common story because it's not steady work all the time.
Well you can like the work you do. I was just saying I never worried about him eating. As a fan I'm glad hear doing what he loves. Although I don't know how a service like that grows if most content is behind a paywall. I'm becoming more checked out as a fan. ESPN plus is a pain in the ass to me.
They bash Ralphie's wife hard but it doesn't sound like Ralphie was the world's best husband. I'd love to hear her side.
My doc had me on both for a while until my levels were low. Then I dropped the colchicine.
Fda doesn't regulate supplements. Go down an aisle at GNC all kinds of gummies. I bet if you fought it he'd back down.
I feel the same about Roger Ebert.
I heard he's not a nice guy. Kinda ruined the show for me to find out he wasn't pretending to be a dick.
Yeah the academy award level performance OP's finance is giving now contradicts the evidence. OP needs to be objective and follow the evidence regarding her true feelings. What exactly do you have evidence of happening? What do you know happened? Is this a big deal to you? For me I don't think I'd break up with my fiancé over a guy fingering her at her bachelorette party but I wonder if she'd be so forgiving to you.
Personal friend who dealt with him and deals with lots of celebrities found him to be a dick.
They don't like it because a girl is the co-lead. Same people saying Aladdin was going to bomb.
Yep. Pretty much all the stuff they did didn't help.
In a way very much like the comics.
Combining the timelines would be a nice way to end thing, he's right. The way they did it was bad.
Yeah on posts about that movie there were reports he was yakked on powder and the DP did lots of directing.
The scripts might be good. The studio is the final arbiter.
How do essential oil outfits stay in business?
Shouldn't the fragrances be regulated?
Someone who already scared their wife and put their kids in danger to the point where she had to get a restraining order. How dare someone ask how he's doing now? It's not like CTE causes problems or leads otherwise healthy people to hurt themselves or others. Yeah this guy's question is so out of bounds, how dare he. /S
California is way easier place to o live too.
I always thought so too till I saw him live at the Comedy Store. He was funny. He won me over.
They should have adjusted the budget and shot in Louisiana anyway. The roots of this show are in actual swamps of which Louisiana has plenty.
Was this some kind of sleezy door to door outfit or was it like a legit office kind of job?
Sorry man but those companies are bad news. They are sleazy. The employees aren't.
Or any actors who look like they are in their early 30s. They both look so young to be grizzled veterans.
To be fair people who buy Accords and Camrys don't give them up. The most reliable cars are largely absent on the used market.
Kia Rio's feel like a shit box. I agree buying new isn't ideal but you want to feel like you are getting something for your money.
Those housed don't seem to have a foundation. Are they modular homes?
The guy has a point. Wal-Mart is chasing Amazon. The stock price, which is what a lot of companies care about, is not even in the same Galaxy.
HBO usually isn't in that package.
They were 18 and 19. I wouldn't trust 18 year old me to make lifelong decisions.
No but it's generally not a great idea to marry your high school sweetheart. The idea that you would be in sync with someone into adulthood is slim
Honestly if the UFC did a merch program like WWE they'd make way more money.
Her story is that Harmon brought his dog (a pitbull) to set. Dog bit crew member. I never heard that the crew member was too rough with the dog just that the dog bit someone. She said he shouldn't be bringing his dog to work if it bit someone. She made an issue of it. If you google it you can see photos of Harmon on set with his dog without a leash. Harmon disagreed and likely pulled weight to make sure he kept his dog on set. They got to the point they wouldn't film together anymore (camera angles hid this fact). Harmon pulled weight again and she didn't get a deal renewed. She's got a show on TV again so hopefully this doesn't hurt her. I don't know what's true but I have no patience for people bringing their pets to work unless it's a seeing eye dog. The dog will still be there when you get home and the dogs are never as well behaved as people say they are.
Is this a new version or the same old version?
Or maybe the dog should stay home since it's the only mammal there not to work.
They care. They follow and try to match Amazon at every turn. https://www.thestreet.com/video/walmart-amazon-battle-of-two-titans-next-day-delivery-14959574
Hilarious of me to suggest that stock price relates to a company's performance. You then indicate ways a company can manipulate their stock price but those are all temporary measures. If the company isn't performing well, growing and positioning itself for the future the stock will go right back down in the shitter. You know nothing and this whole conversation proves it.
I don't like Dana but the UFC is very good about knowing when to cut guys . Most guys they cut don't go on to do much. I think they may have more info about injuries or habits than they let on
Frontline did an excellent show about false confessions. I highly recommend watching it. A coereced confession is truly worthless. Edit: here is the episode https://www.pbs.org/video/frontline-the-confessions/
They did one about a bunch of us soldiers who all gave false confessions. Some of it was their naivety about our legal system. https://www.pbs.org/video/frontline-the-confessions/
It's probably a lie. I was told I had gum disease and needed $10000 in cleaning. They spent 10 seconds looking at my teeth, no x-rays. Went to two other dentists and was told they were running a scam. No gum disease or any issues at all Get a second opinion from a local dentist not a chain like Castle Dental. They are run by hedge funds and exist to overcharge.
My guess is immigrants or their recent decendents hold onto religion way more.
You should see it. Robin Williams performance still exits. Someone was going to play the part and it's it own thing.
This link is dead.
Old movies. The Thing. The Blob (both the remake and the original) are pretty good.
Be an adult and finish the vacation and have a good time. She's fucked a lot of people but did she cheated on them? What does sex mean? Was she safe? Are you guys safe? One thing to keep in mind if she's great at sex there may be a reason for that. It doesn't make her broken.
There's been construction nearby for about two years. There is no parking nearby, Homeless people bothering families. Going downtown is just not a fun or easy experience.
I agree but Hut's also isn't very good. We stopped going because the burgers were overcooked hockey pucks. So the burger is cheap but it's not good plus parking is a pain, plus dodging beggars.
It's all good. I switched to desktop.
Overwatch strategy. It's smart.
Medicaid isn't automatic. You have to apply and sometimes fight to get that shit. Lots of doctors won't take it. Anybody saying our current system works is being disengenous or has no actual experience with it.
That's cheap. Doesn't include x-rays. They bill that separate.
The "study" that backs this up doesn't even support this. https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/fact-checker/wp/2016/10/11/trumps-claim-about-canadians-traveling-to-the-united-states-for-medical-care/ Also the guy who sued for private insurance to compete thinks the US system sucks. https://www.modernhealthcare.com/article/20171010/NEWS/171019993/as-u-s-democrats-line-up-behind-single-payer-some-canadians-are-suing-to-allow-private-insurance
It works for everyone until it doesn't and believe me the longer you live the more chance you have for it to collapse.
The female characters may be more than that just not to the character's point of view that I'm reading
This is true. I had a kid cry because people picked on his voice. I grouped with him. And reported the guy.
Alladin wouldn't be holding as well as it is just based on Nostalgia. Dumbo got no love and it has loads of nostalgia.
It was during the storm on Sunday.
It will keep happening too.
Because it's a human behavior that we can recognize as flawed but not necessarily evil. Cheating on someone is not murder. In reailty I think it probably shows only the negatives about cheating People stay with partners who cheat way more than they do in movies and TV. Also cheating isn't always so black and white. People who are in abusive relationships cheat as a way to get out of the situation sometimes. Or to stay in Abad marriage where their kids could be left alone with a poor spouse. Lastly being cheated on is sometimes a wake up call for bad behavior that being broken up with isn't. Movies don't really make that connection that often either. Although that one Vince Vaughn movie went out of it's way to humanize the cheating partner.
Actresses were way skinnier in the 1980s. It's an easy mistake to make.
I don't think that's true. He's got no chin. All that training so young his chin is already cracked. The simple fact that he's getting knocked out by journeymen means he can't make it at the elite level.
I feel like this was on a streaming service but got pulled. Where can we watch your movie right now?
Get tested for vitamin deficiency. Full blood work. I had dangerously low vitamin D. Didn't come up in any tests unless it was looked for. Also do you snore? Have you had a sleep study? Apnea deprives the brain of air and that can make you foggy Also are you happy? Do you do anything that makes you happy?
Yeah this is the real reason. There is no a list actress who had serious noticable work done to their face. Even male actors fuck up with the surgery. Michael Douglass didn't have a late career reniassance until he played into his age. I think Oprah said it best, plastic surgery should make it look like you just got back from vacation. She went so far it literally hurts to look at her, she was still relatively young. It totally wasn't necessary.
Subtle stuff doesn't look bad. Meryl Streep allegedly had work and it looks great. Her politics are garbage but Patricia Heaton had good subtle work done.
She's a good actress. Given the material can you really see someone else doing it better?
He was great in the recent Ghostbusters movie. He plays dumb really well.
It's also on point. It shows how highly I regard her thoughts on this issue since I don't agree with her about anything else and aren't a fan of her work in general.
How many times though? If he has family he needs to see or other responsibilities.
Any working writer will tell you finish products rarely look like their script. It's very rare that dogshit scripts get greenlighted.
Run. She will only get worse with money. God forbid you end up co-parenting.
She's stuck with that car. She's underwater at this point and there is likely no way to sell or refinance.
What do you mean by disinterested? Is he not booking you appointments or do you feel disconnected the session?
Raise hell. They'll give you your deposit. Or switch it to Cancun. Honestly I don't think they poison you down there. They would rather overcharge.
I kind of hate this thinking and I see it all the time. I know you were responding to someone but just let me say this. Any place that's dangerous to white people is dangerous to everybody, regardless of their race. Do you think muggers are so racist they only mug or murder white people? Do you think they wait until a white person crosses their path before they commit a crime? This doesn't just apply to Mexico, it applies to America too.
After repeated cries of their cover-up and not being forthcoming. It never should have come to this
She is engineering the break up. Op is not compatible with her. He needs to cut his losses.
People have no money for a babysitter. Very common. She was by her self and a single mom probably. Who will watch the kids?
I've never wanted to fuck a woman based on her eyebrows. I see lots of women caring about them, particularly black women. (I'm black). Leave your eyebrows alone.
Gf is jealous and controlling. If you are going to cheat you can do so at home as most guys who cheat do. Contrary to popular belief most women who go to Vegas go with a partner Go and have fun. Nobody can make you do something on vacation that you wouldn't otherwise do.
Just listened to WTf and the author of the Vagina Monologues said sometimes you have to chose between your family and your dignity. Please chose your dignity. You don't need these people in your life.
He may be and can't handle it.
Any context?
Your suggestion that cops just doggedly pursue sexual assualt cases goes against any real research on this subject.
No it doesn't. The DA at any time can chose not to pursue a case. A criminal complaint is the same as someone being arrested and charged with a crime. There is no indication there was any attempt at prosecution and no arrests made. She dropped charges. Many sexual assualt victim's are disuaded by DAs and cops from pursing the case.
Then maybe fuck in the morning. Exercising right before bed by having sex might spike his adrenaline. Masturbation might work better for putting him to sleep.
This being long distance he will get shit for it not being a real relationship. Honestly since there isn't a timetable for you guys to actually be in the same town I would agree. I can see not investing my family in this situation.
Yeah CNN doesn't typically give our people's home address.
In movies and TV they believe high school characters work and grown characters work but people going to college don't. Peter was in college forever.
Or that the movie works on its own.
Let's not mention they were saying the opposite for prior positive.*It was too low so he wasn't using"
Living well is the best revenge. Go no contact and never communicate with her again. It will drive her insane.
So all the stand and bangers should have jobs for life right? What's that you say they get cte and get cut because of losses. Wonderful m
They are pushing everyone too soon. Anybody who fights they push. Kevin Lee, Anders. It's bad. The UFC is killing prospects.
Kut Klose in Pflugerville
This is a valid issue. I think he sees an option of gaming or doing nothing. If you want something be specific. I'd like to watch this show with you every week. I want us to go ride bikes every day. I want us to have dinner together every night. If you are used to living alone these things don't happen naturally.
Yes. He was embarrassed and the NY Times probably saved lives.
Your Lord Emperor orders takes credit for everything and responsibility for nothing.
I heard this lady on Fresh Air talk about the issue with generics. This is going to keep happening.
"most people are actually decent and compared to other countries women" See the other countries part of my statement was specific to the amount of women involved in entertainment from a business perspective. We have had female studio heads, network heads, label execs and others in real positions of power. Not nearly as many as there should be but they do exist and they often advocate for better treatment of women and punishment for shitty male behavior. Just heard a story about Bad Robot's big deal at Warner. His wife runs Bad Robot with him and she wanted Warner to take a stand with the Kevin Tsjujihara's behavior. Kevin got shit canned and their company got a $500 million deal.
By this time during the last election Trump was polling at 1 percent.
It sucks he was fired and Moriarty stayed for a several more years. He was let go due to his alcoholism I believe.
You can have your family or your dignity. If I was you I'd chose my dignity. You have a family now. I had a relative who did this for her mother. Her older brother lived basically next door and he didn't do anything for her. She dropped her job for six months or more at a time, several times leaving her kid and her husband. She did this for basically no money. It devastated her financially. She went bankrupt. When she died this past year none of those people who guilted her into coming down were around to help her. What do you get out of having these people in your life? It's all take but no give. Honestly if you mom get's sick enough to not complain maybe you can reconsider but until this happens let it go.
It was shit.
Yeah it's not like The Doctor gets laid. The Doctor is essentially gender neutral.
He was in the last one too
Joe Rogan had to out hands on Jonathan.
There are no bad guys here. This is a substantial change in your relationship. He has a right to not be up for it.
What is/was your ailment?
Look she didn't discover this a creepy guy making his own moves put it forward.
https://www.easybreathe.com/-p4209.html?msclkid=2b71c624e47c1c05a1d79829a23f315d&amp;utm_source=bing&amp;utm_medium=cpc&amp;utm_campaign=Product%20Listing%20Ads&amp;utm_term=4575686361699820&amp;utm_content=Mobile%20PLA
King Arthur is considered toxic in Hollywood.
Not really. It portrays him as a famous person who didn't opt for a second date.
No. Too expensive. A saving grace use to be their international upside but not sure if that's still a thing. Lots of countries make their own soaps now and any streaming show would be super low budget and look like shit.
I read all that. The problem is the wife has never admitted to doing anything wrong. It's all your fault. You gave full warning but she didn't care. I think you should go through with the divorce and just date new people.
Why are you sure they'd be less happy. My parents didn't have an affair but as a kid my life got better when one of them wasn't miserable.
He should do PFL. He could probably sub half the roster.
You say that as if countries with strict gun laws don't have way less gun crime.
Stop telling all your business to your friends. They sound miserable and want you to be miserable too.
When you say help what do you mean? Have you been giving her money?
Don't tell your mom. Stay out of it. Sounds like this woman still texts him but it doesn't sound like he's actually dating or fucking her. Given how fragile your mom is it might literally be better if they stay together until your sisters are older.
These don't seem like friends more like leeches. If he was single a long time women sometimes use nice guys as surrogate boyfriends. He needs to detach from these women.
You haven't had to date. As an experiment go online and look at dating sites from the guys perspective. Height is mentioned like in at least 60 percent of the ads. It's a super important issue to most women. I'm glad you are breaking the mold but Reddit isn't close to the general population
Maybe just be single while you address your issues. Take what you learned and apply it to the next relationship. Sometimes the baggage with someone is too much to overcome.
Let me clarify. Date as a guy who isn't tall. I have no complex and I don't want for company but there as been research about dating and heigh preference and it's always conclusive. Lots of times tall women who want to date shorter guys get shit from friends and strangers for dating shorter men. It's not my hang up but saying it doesn't exist is like saying racism doesn't exist. ( This is my experience in America. Your country may vary.)
Yeah he's not being nice though he's being used. Probe him, it's likely a one way friendship.
It just tells me it's going to be cheaply made. That's their business model.
The reality is cops don't. GF saw a homeless couple rob a department store. They got caught. Apd showed up learned they were homeless and let them go. Said they wouldn't show up to court anyway.
Says you. You'd complain if the guy only got treatment and no punishment.
For real.
https://www.motherjones.com/politics/2017/08/many-people-with-disabilities-are-being-paid-way-below-the-minimum-wage-and-its-perfectly-legal/
I am in us and have one, bought at Costco. Seat heats the water. Seat also blow drys. Only thing to install was a gfc outlet.
You probably pick it up but don't know what it means. Watch the fight scene in Skyfall against the city lights. You think it's cool but if you know film you know the cinematographer is a God and his blacks are otherworldly.
Indefinite usually means when they've been on medication for a short period of time.
What started all this?
For real.
Brothers Bloom too kinda.
His opinion is literally a few words. How about he explains what he didn't like about or what didn't work?
If he uses Gmail or Google maps she can just log in on his computer and see his activity.
Susie Orman, American personal finance person, suggests an equal percentage of income but not equal amounts. That seems fair to me and would address your concerns.
It's not an issue of ambition. It's respect.
It's very possible that as a 22 year old her version of big isn't Lexington Steele. If she's happy don't go looking for trouble.
Fuck yes. They got rid of fryers so no more chimichangas for years.
It's in the subreddit sidebar. All info about these frequently asked questions. /r/Austin/w/visitingaustin
The chance that this guy has the mental capacity or money to pursue this in court is very slim. He's very likely mentally ill and ranting. Block him and make your socials private. He will move on to the next obsession.
Love despite the movies don't conquer all. There are lots of folks to love.
You need some support. I suggest you join AA or some kind of support group.
A first year associate's life sucks too. So the root issue is the same anyway. Being a lawyer isn't a 9 to 5 job usually.
It's very likely he's got a woman like you in every city. If you go into this know he's not a serious relationship. Even if he actually wanted one traveling non-stop would doom things.
Good answer. It looks pat to you OP because it started a lot of tropes you've seen 1,000 times. Same thing with Rashamon or High and Low.
I just listened to the first episode. It was very good. I'm hooked and also hate my job. Great mix
Nobody comes back from that.
They aren't good bean counters.
Let's keep our anger directed at the MLM not the donuts. They haven't done anything.
DC hiring him also had something to do with it. They didn't want him being their guy.
They can't do a Dark League movie when the regular league movie was a disappointment.
A ton for buyers are financing for over 7 years to get low payments. Public transportation is getting worse in most places. You need a car to work any job in all but a few cities.
Have you tried writing on the side?
That those are historically reliable cars or that there aren't a lot of them for sale?
It's enough to cook.i wash my knife after use because it can't go in the dishwasher.
I'm saying those can easily go Ina drawer and aren't comparable to a pairing or chefs knife.
I don't know when that was or what kind of plan you had but good for you. That's rare
She should have given up Jon Jones. Game set match.
He's not a screenwriter. Nothing in Hollywood is a meritocracy. Nothing.
Michael Arndt was Matthew Broderick's assistant. http://voices.washingtonpost.com/comic-riffs/2010/06/the_riffs_interview_toy_story_3_writer_michael_ar.html
If I recall Denver fixed this by offering free long term birth control.
Gus is in Austin. It's downtown.
It's only getting worse. The government is loosening regulations on companies.
He's not a snake and I seriously doubt it was a surprise. This kinda shit is great for guys careers.
It's an easier way to get into the Domain. Go in those shops and restaurants. They are mostly empty.
I'd love it if he played Al.
This ain't normal. Best believe she will call the cops on you if you hit her. Hell she may be spoiling for it to happen. Run and don't look back.
Cool. How do I join?
Good book but dark as fuck. Very disturbing.
Love in Space Time is fun.
Weren't the animals abused? Or was that Milo and Otia?
He's out of the business. Has been for a while
I think it's probably impossible to get an appointment with her. I guess they rerecord some stuff and change some things for anonymity.
Maybe he treats you too well? If your past relationships were shitty it's possible that you are having a fight or flight feeling about him. You can try addressing this in therapy or doing some kind of role-play where he treats you not so nice (with boundaries etc..)
Coughing constantly and calling Lawrence Fishburne a moolie is soothing to you?
Fair enough but it's a narrative for a reason. People in this thread are encouraging her to pump him. Based on her post he doesn't sound like a Debbie Downer just like a person going through life. I feel like encouraging people particularly dudes to toughen up and more manly can create monsters.
You may not. You should earn him
I sent those threads to Every news outfit. The Chronicle is the only one that did a story.
Relative to the size of the sport I think the coverage is good. The Reddit audience is young but MMA journalism is 99 percent online only. They survive by clicks. Any story about McGregor gets more clicks. It was the same with Rousey. They are all trying to stay on business and not piss off the UFC. There is no league that mandates press conferences and nothing about contracts is ever made public due to a lack of unions or collective bargaining like other sports. It's a balancing act to have integrity and not keep access. You want better journalism go pay for it. I'm sure The Athletic is not click bait oriented to the degree other sites are but I'll be shocked if they last a year. Investigative work takes time and money. Real Sports on HBO does great work but they don't depend on advertisers or hour by hour ratings. In answer to your question MMA needs better fans not better journalism.
Is she really? I think I saw just one fight with anything close to that.
I think Pettis is like Benson. He peaked but never got better or added new tools. To survive you have to adapt. They never did.
He probably had a publicist jumping up and down telling him to cut the interviews short. He's probably doing 1,000 interview today.
Check Facebook and see when their last vacation was. Fuck em.
There is. You move to the next tile.
For real. I watch this YouTuber talk about her hustle and building her business. Okay how did she do this? She had what she called a small loan. Who is her dad oh a Doctor recruited from another country 30 years ago. The ends were meeting.
It takes a while to load.
You want to honor the guy when your husband shows you who he is again. Leave and go no contact if you can. You should have money hidden with a relative for a lawyer just in case.
Is the town named Letterkenney?
She doesn't want him doing art films. They were looking for another franchise.
They made some menu changes. They got rid of fryers and stopped doing Chimichangas. That's a pretty common Tex Mex dish and one most can't make at home.
I have pretty good luck if at the old Domain plenty of spots by Macy's. New Domain often has street spots or I can park on the first level of the garage, (which is way more visible than the upper floors.)
I knew the woman was a person of color before even clicking.
Lots of places are being hoarded by investors or foreign money.
You don't rat out your sister but you can tell her how you feel and cut her out.
I mean she's got an ownership stake in two broke girls. She never has to work again. She's doing this podcast for fun.
https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=Eddie+Huang+joe+rogan they are there
It really doesn't matter since its all ESPN owned/produced? This basketball game is delaying the prelims. Will they push the start of the PPV?
Near knock out?? He got the takedowns but he did nothing with them and he popped back up each time. Yusuff was throwing bombs the whole time. The last round Fili only had four more significant strikes. http://ufcstats.com/fight-details/5868c154789648f0
Using that logic Valerian should have been a hit. He's had plenty of movies underperform.
I'm sure Paltrow tells people to exercise too.
UFC will cut him. At that salary he's a waste of money. More snow for Dana's house in Vegas.
Ya know the one thing I wish the doc investigated was him having CTE.
I didn't see the show but I wonder if the bad press leading up to the show and the mystery box presentation of the show lead to the less than stellar reviews. Apparently Apple is hell to work with and tames down the content to the point that lots of shows have been scuttled and creators have walked. Critics usually don't get the full season so they review some or all the episodes they have and provide an opinion. In the environment these shows are produced under it's totally possible they it took them several episodes to get their shit together and tha t could have been after the episodes they were provided.
Planet Money did an episode on this. https://www.npr.org/transcripts/606517326
Duke's camo basically killed a guy in a kickboxing event. The only person they threw in the towel for was Anthony once They were lucky Roxanne did target the knee. She has said on Twitter that it never crossed her mind because it's a serious injury.
Also they want to show it's effective. If the patient is near death from organ failure it might not show improvement. They want this to get approved.
Absolutely. I think Chandler's fight got waived off when he couldn't stand.
Try any other service. They are all worse, by a wide margin. It's not even close. Amazon, Hulu, CBS All Access. They are all shit. Not to mention the apps crashing and having issues. My biggest complaint is the my watchlist order isn't always correct but otherwise it's superior for telling you what the content/show is about and who's in it.
Reebok isn't fining anybody. That's a UFC policy. It's also UFC policy to not share the money with fighters. They gave the UFC a pot of money, the UFC owners took the money and ran.
They do those for very special occasions and fighters and it took years for them to get to that point. It took Reebok a while to do event specific shirts. Go to a WWE event by comparison. There is a unique normal t-shirt for basically everyone on the roster who isn't a jobber. The UFC doesn't need an athletic apparel company to do that. WWE also gives their guys a significant cut of merchandise sales.
They asked to kill him off instead of Baldwin. He said no.
She will be in management
She asked. By the original post it doesn't seem like he shouts this over breakfast.
I think cocaine is related to Parkinson's
Give me a permanent ban list for other players. Leavers, throwers, etc... Or an option to not group up with people not on mic.
If he feels it's not a good part he wants to be paid
Nobody wants to pay for anything. Consumer Reports is dying on the vine. Can't get young folks to subscribe to the magazine and the web site doesn't get subs.
That's gross my dude. She doesn't have real health insurance. She has to pay coaches, managers. Doesn't have 401k. She has to pay her own taxes, often in multiple states. It's complicated as fuck. I also assume that 62k was show and win. You aren't winning them all.
The director wrote about his own life and marriage. He was married to an actress and people have called him a genius. It's masturbatory nonsense.
People who repeat the same thing over and over again.
Deep Space Nine and various Law and Orders. Law and Order is crack if you start it before the arrest.
Care to elaborate?
No Cosby reigned supreme. Most networks were giving Black Family sitcoms a shot
The lighting is horrible over there and tons of homeless rome around. The businesses need to address this.
They are jealous. But in reality a car is a depreciating asset. Even a Tesla. It's your money but you bought an expensive toy.
Yeah that's a wild allegation to report as fact.
I mean it's disputed and he's not accused of rape. There is levels to this shit.
Better yet don't meet him at all. You don't owe him another chance to convince you to stay.
500 Days of Summer and Some Kind of Wonderful. Don't chase the fantasy.
They may want to knock her up but not a lot want to stick around.
It's worth taking another stab at.
A deedback or even selling of your points costs money. I believe Marriott charges a minimum of $2000 to sell your timeshare to anyone but them.
Yes and people seem to forget homeless were living under bridges before the camping ordinance.
Capitalist companies run out country. They own politicians at all levels. Many Americans vote for people who don't care about them who take money from these companies. Our online banking also isn't portable like yours
Find a replacement you can transition to.
Sad none of them had a towel in their hand. MMA needs to get it's shit together.
He may suck as a coach but all corners yell during the fight. You don't hear complex advice until they are grounded. She needs a real camp.
You can feel how ever you want but why wouldn't you consider dating him? He's your best friend. You have lots in common. That's pretty good starting point for a relationship. I have a feeling that in two years you may regret not giving this guy a shot.
If you haven't signed anything or taken the car home you may be able to get out of it. Check the laws in your state.
America is moving in that direction. You can't trust companies. Market forces mean fuck all if you are dead.
Big actors negotiate gross not net and get auditing rights. If they have good agents the studios don't want to piss them off so they pay them.
Not exactly all ages. Murder,etc .
Word on the street was he was an asshole to work with.
My guess nobody watched them. They are very boring and corny to modern audiences.
It's not good enough to work without air conditioning.
My point stands. Old movies are not that valuable to these services. Period. Even if you casually like old movies you probably won't subscribe just to watch them. You might. I might but we are not enough to justify a service. To that point I doubt old Bond movies are lighting the world on fire.
Well you need light to see your ticket if it's assigned.
I don't think that is his fault. Alamo needs figure that shit out. Most done theaters run a card.
We don't know if she's good. Roxanne has been fighting for a decade and just had her biggest win. Never trained full time until recently. Killing sponsorship killed a lot of fighters ability to do this full time
I don't think that's true. Mitrone complained about sponsorships too. The Reebok money is literally nothing for a lot of guys. Managers got good deals for some guys.
No. The only people it works for is people with poor management or who are just starting out.
Harry Potter. Magical molly, people being Cosbyed, you name it.
He's not funny but neither is Ari.
He's been on a sitcom since then. Time heals all wounds.
They decided to fuck over U-Verse customers and raise prices like crazy to try to push you to DirectTV. They made the decision to no longer be competitive. Lots of people don't like satellite for logistical reasons, I'm one of them. HBO Max will kill them on both ends if it isn't a big hit. Less money from licensing content, more money to produce content and money to maintain streaming infrastructure.
It's something I noticed with these All In The Family revivals. They were all like theater actors and comedians. They were not hot.
Why didn't you go on this trip?
I love books. I'd love to fuck a librarian. I think a guy with a mother for a librarian might also love books and have a similar interest because of it.
Dan Savage believes that a cheating drive by can probably be forgiven. I mean you get drunk and get taken by the moment. But it's totally valid to not be okay and to not move on. You can leave and start over. It's not a failure on your part.
Yes get a lawyer and never see your parents again. Ever. They don't deserve to have you in their life.
Talking about money is also a good way to get robbedz even by friends. He needs to stop.
Alec Baldwin's balls speech from Glengarry Glenn Ross. It's a motivational speech but not really. Al Pacino's absent landlord speech from The Devil's Advocate.
Here is the Devil's Advocate speech. Might not go over well in school unless you are a known edgelord. Who are you carrying all those bricks for anyway? God? Is that it? God? Well, I tell ya, let me give you a little inside information about God. God likes to watch. He’s a prankster. Think about it. He gives man instincts. He gives you this extraordinary gift and then what does He do? I swear, for His own amusement, His own private cosmic gag reel, He sets the rules in opposition. It’s the goof of all time. Look, but don’t touch. Touch, but don’t taste. Taste, don’t swallow. And while you’re jumpin’ from one foot to the next, what is He doin’? He’s laughin’ His sick, fuckin’ ass off. He’s a tight-ass. He’s a sadist. He’s an absentee landlord. Worship that? Never! … Why not? I’m here on the ground with my nose in it since the whole thing began! I’ve nurtured every sensation man has been inspired to have! I cared about what he wanted and I never judged him. Why? Because I never rejected him, in spite of all his imperfections! I’m a fan of man! I’m a humanist. Maybe the last humanist. Who, in their right mind, Kevin, could possibly deny the 20th century was entirely mine? All of it, Kevin! All of it! Mine! I’m peaking, Kevin. It’s my time now. It’s our time.
Come by Prince also Purple Rain but it maxes out at like 8 minutes 45 seconds.
Thr one non shit post. Thanks
No it mentions meal prep.
Not really. I just think parents might be more comfortable with girls learning from a woman.
Yeah any place that can keep kids out and kick out kids that public schools can't will have better metrics. Even taking that into account the charter schools don't do as well as they should.
So is a Fire tv. Honestly this is just a platform. The networks are greedy fucks
They should make an exception for food trucks and places open after 7 p.m. It's not like the city gives a fuck about robberies.
Bus then back.
I thought he had his own gym.
Nobody mentions it but I'm pretty sure he got divorced. His wife was non existent in pre fight press. Not even when he was filmed with his kids. He ended up Ina gossip site about that. Personal turmoil can fuck with you. In fact he hasn't fought well since all that shit hit the press.
Look I'm a fan but he's out there looking like late stage BJ Penn. He's not young enough to right the ship. It's not that he lost. It's how he lost.
Duke Rufus guys are stuck in amber. Nine of them improve or add new wrinkles
He changed training and trained styles. He didn't do anything different.
I mean what's your monthly expenses? Can you cut those down in advance of hi quitting? Could you cover your basics if you both had to work at the Supermarket? I will say those jobs aren't always as bad as you think. Just do some calculations let those numbers manage your anxiety levels.
Some commissions test. Vegas tests. So many fights were scraped because people would piss hot right before or after the show. That shit has mostly stopp d. Cheaters get caught way earlier now
Bring this up in therapy. This exactly. She could want to save the relationship and subconsciously sabatoge it as well.
Does he snore? Sleeping 13 hours may be a sleep disorder.
It's pretty common. Those players who play in those clear face masks often have broken faces and eye sockets.
Yeah it wasn't.
They function as police. Investigating crimes. The show is the same level of idolatry and the potential for abuse is still there. https://www.ncis.navy.mil/About-NCIS/
The worst thing is the DAs on the shows often gets people out of jail when he's made a mistake. We know for a fact that's bullshit. People sit in jail after being exonerated due to DNA evidence and DAs fight to not let them go and hold them for a year or more. It's crazy.
There was a great podcast called Running From the Cops. The whole show is bullshit. Same with Live PD.
Maybe have a discussion about his concerns. I think any prospective parent would have the same thoughts. I'd feel disposable too if in response to a comment like that your response is "I'm out!".
Ban them by mac address
Good for you. Those are my guys too.
Sickness isn't weakness. Don't assume the worst. Let's get a diagnosis first. Rule out any autoimmune disease, like Graves. And go from there. Don't feel guilty for being sick. It happens to all of us.
Look. Don't cancel on anyone until you are in a relationship. Girl 1 is flakey. If she was legit she would have communicated. In my opinion her behavior is disqualifying.
She needed to communicate
The announcers on UFC broadcasts work for the UFC. Boxing they often work for the network. They are far more honest. They shit on promoters and matchmaking all the time.
Let me guess he hates political correctness and social justice warriors? This guy's an asshole. You express a deep insecurity and he turns into it? There's a reason he's single. Move on.
Yep. Closure is an illusion. This dude will either lie or say hurtful shit. Either way you get nothing out of it. Just know that racism and clasism is alive and well and move on.
Break up and date other people. Do not expect to o get back together. Dating is a great thing and you learn a lot about yourself. She doesn't want to marry you man. It's not smart to sign a contract for life based on a decision you made as a teenager.
Food was great
Oh please. They don't go drink beers. Very rarely would any reporter get that friendly with someone they cover.
It's still on.
They tried that with me. I demanded an officer. Driver's often lie and a police report is necessary.
I think it works the other way. Less non police stuff and they respond to property crime.
Actors only work with the material they are given and nobody in this is a big enough to have script approval.
She's an actor for higher who can't open a movie.
You are talking about her ability and talent. I'm talking about her ability to say she won't do a movie unless the script is totally rewritten so it doesn't suck. She doesn't have that kind of pull in Hollywood. One has nothing to do with the other.
None of those guys did Pixar voices before that I recall. Animated stuff but not Pixar.
I can here to post this but I'm glad you corrected the post. I have never seen a skimmer at Walmart. Never saw a news story about one either. It's usually older pumps that have these issues or pumps at independent gas stations. What likely happened is your bank password was compromised. Your password was likely used more than once someplace. Once they logged in and had the history spoofing a bank phone number is easy. A variation on this scheme is them calling you and asking for a pin. It's the scammer calling and they are trying to login from a different location. The pin is two factor. They get the pin from you and enter it on their end
I would suggest using a password storage program. LastPass, keespass, 1 password. Generate unique passwords for everything. Enable app specific two factor.
I liked the Farewell but she's not a good actress. She's the worst part of the movie.
Was the sex different?
Were you mad at your dad?
Killing 125 hurt it
Look man I'm not telling you to cheat but honestly I couldn't blame you if you did.
Sadly I don't think he's the right ethnicity to matter to the governor or to most voters in Arizona who voted him in.
Enclosed spaces with large groups are a prime was to transmit.
Who says he's nice?
You'd be surprised how many adults don't actually have close friends.
Well not necessarily. Showrunners get overruled by networks in plot and casting. The Snowpiercer show was entirely reshot and the show runner fired after the pilot. Look at JJ Abrams and Alias. He completely changed the show to appease the network and make it easier to understand after it was on the air. Hell even a show like Criminal Minds. Network head will just say, new women. And fire all the actresses above 40 on the network shows. ( This actually happened) Nobody on network tv gets final cut. Netflix, right or wrong, has a reputation for leaving people alone and not burdening them with notes. They also don't seem invested in shit succeeding either. It's a double edged sword.
Selling out? Dude it's how shit gets made. Even people who "have integrity" do touch up work and dialog passes. That's called making a living.
Okay, using that argument in all the shows listed which one was he more powerful than the director or lead actor? DGA and WGA do all kinds of things to protect members but movie quality isn't one of them. Wga can't make a director, writer or studio follow a script. They can make sure someone gets paid for their work. They can also lobby that their agents don't fuck them (hence the current strike). The WGA is considered the weakest of all the unions and has generally done a poor job protecting members.
He's nice to the general public.
Studios don't want originality. They don't know how to sell it
The Pflugerville one has a foreclosure notice on the door but apparently they will reopen. They already cut amenities to the bone. https://communityimpact.com/austin/round-rock-pflugerville-hutto/impacts/2020/06/12/24-hour-fitness-announces-plans-to-reopen-pflugerville-gym/
I wonder how true that is. There are apparently some cut scenes available that reference gold, etc. It' possible there's a cut of the movie that's closer to the book. They make him butcher the thing. Is he going to Trank this and slam Disney? Or does he play ball and regurgitate their talking points? I mean no matter what he made them a fuck load between Thor and Cinderella.
I've read an unproduced Goyer script and it's very good. He's a good writer. It's a job. If you go to newly painted house and you don't like the color you blame the homeowner not the guy who painted the house. The color was exactly what they wanted.
This sounds really racist on her part. Children in need aren't a salve against racism. I'm black and her whole vibe offends me. She should sign up to be a Big Sister. I did mentoring and it was incredibly rewarding.
Even if you don't die the shit can fuck you up. I have people in my life who are older and relatively healthy. Their lives shouldn't be treated as disposable.
Hell no. He was awesome on Bellator. Great insight and lots of honesty.
I mean nothing you said is actually at odds. We might need more details but you can mix desires. Porn is just like watching an actioj movie
He might be high risk. Has had multiple heart surgeries.
I know. They haven't broken anybody into the top 10 in a long time. People visit the camp but nobody good stays and they aren't making guys contenders.
I don't think this was his choice. He is a hired hand here. Zack was getting fired. Someone was going to do it
I'm talking box office not quality.
Yeah people want lax government regulations here. This is what happens.
Don't go to chiropractor. They fucked my hand up worse.
Not enough toy sales
None of this has anything to do with you. You seen to really have a problem that she gave the kid up for adoption. You shouldn't.
Take the email to HR. Greg is a creep. That be used company email to try to pick you up isn't cool. It shows he lacks boundaries.
She's having unprotected sex and lying. Break up and have some self respect man. If she care shed at least use condoms
They don't make any money fighting. Coaching pays bills.
I mean there are tons of examples of people of color with no record killed by police with no repercussions.
Yes criminals kill people and do harm. The police are the criminals in these situations.
It's not CGI. It's a set.
Ups and FedEx actually turn a profit and don't have their capabilities.
Or maybe he's just inexperienced
Yes
Jean-Michel Basquiat did not come from money.
He got me-tooed and owned it and still has a career.
https://www.sciencemag.org/news/2020/04/why-don-t-some-coronavirus-patients-sense-their-alarmingly-low-oxygen-levels
Leave. You want to go. My guess is you love her but not teribly. I think you both settled, as is normal. Pining for an ex for 20 years isnt. You want out. Be honest with yourself That said dating is a lot of fun for an older guy with who moderately has his shit together and can commit. You'll do fine and likely find lots of excitement.
The reality is fighters aren't fully training. People shat on Jessica Eye but her gym was her fucking garage.
He basically stopped making good movies too. I hear the wine is good though.
Never do the UFC a favor. They always fuck you.
I didn't know they didn't have state income tax but this does become an issue for fighters who fight in different states
I imagine it was easier with the prior owners. They could slide them into one of their hotels in an unoccupied room
Lock In by John Scalzi. Ready Player One of course.
I did. I was too lazy to check spelling
Their loss. Nta. You never show up again they lose. You don't. My guess is you get next to nothing out of this relationship to these family members. Nobody stuck up for you. Believe me when her marriage blows up they'll want you to help clean up her mess. Btw women like guys with good careers. You'll do just fine.
If you don't have to go to work there is no commute. The idea that young smart engineer wants a place in the country is ludicrous.
You want to live in Tyler knock yourself out.
Pflugerville isn't cheap man.. The property in Austin is just way more valuable. https://www.austinchamber.com/economic-development/taxes-incentives/property-tax
Dude I'm older than the average redditor and have lived in somewhat rural areas. Give me food, culture, fun and proximity to o a decent hospital over acres of land.
Nobody wants to live in Tulsa. Telsa is apparently a nightmare to work for anyways. People know that and they won't want to move to rural areas in case Elon fires them on a whim.
It's also not built under sea level.
That money subsidizes rural districts.
So his idea to combat the story is to not provide any conflicting evidence? Brilliant.
Yes much better to let the accusations stand unchallenged rather than provide evidence you have contradicting them. You should open a PR shop. I'm sure your strategy will work wonders.
I mean without contact this is basically pornhub.
Yeah. He's not in court. One story in the NY Post of all places isn't going to turn this around.
Yeah I have a hard time believing it also but I gave a sincere answer.
It's not that much foot traffic. A random night at the Domain has more foot traffic. Same for South Congress.
The trailer still exists
Lamplight district is packed with people.
Even if we believe they knocked do we believe they actually waited for an answer? Also it was all bullshit because the person who they were looking for was already in jail.
I eat Oatmeal with Flax. Tremendous for GI.
Guy can't stay home for shit. I'm sure it makes his main baby mom's feel bad that he'd rather be in the street mumbling than home with her and the kids.
Screenwriters have fuck all to do with casting. If by some miracle you sell this you'd have no say in who gets cast. If you write this don't use actual people. You don't have life rights for the fighters and the UFC wouldn't allow you to use their trademarks. They definitely wouldn't allow you to paint them in an unflattering light. Make up fighters names. Make up a fight league. Make fictional versions of real people. Make a fictional reality show. Just fill it with familiar personalities. From a financial standpoint you'd have a really hard time selling the screenplay. No MMA movie has been a hit and most people don't understand the sport. Hell I don't think any movie based on a reality show has been a hit but the Truman Show and that wasn't a real reality show. No harm in writing it though. You can always keep it in your backpocket. Get something else made or sold maybe the UFC would work with you. The UFC is run by a talent agency.
Ten hookers enter one leaves. Thunderdome!!!
To further your point you should get points for being progressive for your time. Lots of authors get shit for how the deal with issues, race, trans stuff, etc. But at the time they were taking a risk simply treating the characters as human beings.
Id anybody besides the attacker dead? If it was the US this would be a mass casualty event.
His kidneys shut down. He was putting a beating on Diego before that. I hate that people just kind of shrug that shit off. He gets his nutrition under control Gall could be good.
Yeah him with a legit strength and conditioning program would be crazy good. Small gyms don't have those resources though.
Dude they don't keep most people forever. When they do it's because they are a danger to others and themselves. Do not argue with someone who doesn't have their own best interest at heart.
Masterson raping has nothing to do with the show though. The character rapes nobody.
New York had protests out the ass and they are trending down.
Good
A black hair salon will have experience with a variety of textures.
I have cable and ESPN is my only channel that flickers and stutters. I think it's a technical issue on their part in general not just the app.
Yes and girlfriend
No it doesn't. I have no interest in kidbusters.
It's not coincidence that Texas has the worst rate of insured residents in the country.
I was banned from r/sex for mentioning the sub r/nofap I didn't say it was a great sub. But this guy guy in the OP said he wanted to stop masturbating. I thought a sub dedicated to not beating off might help. Apparently mentioning the sub is worth banning someone.
Yeah except the guy was specifically trying to not beat off. I'm sure there is a stop drinking sub that's anti alcohol. Doesn't mean someone in the somelier sun couldn't use it. Like I said I literally just mentioned the sub. I didn't know it was "toxic".
