Seriously! I am so proud of it. And the MBTA workers for keeping it up and running.
Oh football gods you are a cruel mistress: Super Jan when we can't even see it. But WOOOO regardless.
Knock on wood. Did you knock on wood?
Impeccable logic, good Sir.
Well don’t forget that’s only true because of the nature of Barry’s interference. It was so impulsive and emotional that he created a “time boom” that rippled throughout the timeline (yes, iirc the movie does a much better job of addressing that than the book).
Waking up to headlines and notifications about Real’s pending RECORD ZILLION POUND BID for Harry made me anxious. This report makes things a little better. I could do without in-game or halftime commentary on this topic though.
We just need to keep winning to give them actual things to talk about; continued CL success especially will shift the narrative. As will, you know, Levy staying true to his word and handing out the contracts to keep the team together.
Permanently print this on the middle of the pitch at the new stadium, Levy.
This arc has been SO GOOD. And that last panel and ending...! God damn. One of my favorite Rebirth titles. Hell, maybe my favorite? But since he's turning into Clay, is it really as bad as it looks? I guess we'll find out in due time.
She did, and I feel like the fact that it was a string was clearer there.
Given how it's illustrated in this issue my guess is that it's invisible. Same with his knives.
Oh CG, this is simply cruel. I love it.
Wow, they got pushed into deleting it and apologizing. People need to calm down.
Geez. Hopefully that's an outlier. Although I do expect Jeter's induction to be a right mess.
Oh damn this is a throwback. I never thought I’d have to use that password thing ever again.
Jeremy doesn’t even deserve Burn Heal.
*Alone in the world with a little Catdog...* ...or beta Girafarig.
"*You're used to being in charge so this must be painful for you.*" RIP Charlotte Hale. Damn Dolores had some good lines today. EDIT: Folks that's a figurative "RIP". Or literal for her pride (no Burn Heal or even Max Revive can fix that one).
Even if he takes control of your body to KILL KILL KILL every now and then?
On top of that, he's an old man. I want a good excuse for his plot armor here because it was *kinda* stretching it.
I dunno, if beach!Bernard is the same as cradled!Bernard, maybe he and Ford are still fighting for dominance and it's Bernard saying he killed them since he was being controlled.
He's not in "his" body. He's in a smaller Cradle, called Bernard's mind.
Yeah but this is the worst he's been wounded that we've seen. You have to be aware and alive to be able to use a medpack!
Dolores saved all her wit to totally demolish Hale's ego.
Yeah it's tricky. Whether or not Strand is around is how I keep things straight.
iirc in the beginning she asks where Dolores has taken Abernathy's control unit.
It's definitely part of his narrative: he was like a dusty outlaw. And that's after he was El Lazo.
As far as I'm concerned, the hosts can't die. At worst they'll be repurposed and return in a later season, only different. The humans, however...
On the contrary, I think "William is a host" is too obvious, and would contradict a lot of s1 stuff. I don't think it's a stretch to figure that Ford takes interest in him because he's an important person with a dangerous obsession in the park. He always wanted to find a game? Fine: here's a game, you sicko. Sometimes a protagonist in the center of the action is just a protagonist.
The catch is that we don't know if Ford is still in there at that point. Ford has allowed a lot to happen since Bernard washed up on the beach.
iirc it was taking over everything *but* she also notes that it was not supposed to be doing that.
Mesh network = way for hosts to listen to each other so they can avoid having narratives accidentally conflict Cradle = backup server / save state for all host information
Geez that's some Black Mirror shit.
It was made explicitly clear that the beach scene in 2x01 takes place 14 days after the massacre in 1x10. And I'm fairly sure that plot line has been moving linearly: Bernard meets up with Strand, and they wander through the chaos aftermath, and they find Hale who asks if he knows what happened to Abernathy, and now they've discovered he's a host. As everyone still thinks Bernard is human on the beach I don't see how those scenes could be presented out of order. Bernard's prior cave visit took place presumably during s1. That was to retrieve the Ford marble from the secret lab. I really hope more characters aren't surprise hosts. I think that would be really cheap.
Oh wow Fiers really?
"I told you to pitch better!"
What? No. Preventing three games in 24-hours (across two countries!) because a network whined about its ratings has nothing to do with favoritism and everything to do with MLB protecting its integrity.
ARGH!
Yeah, you gotta drive. It's a pain. Expect it to take forever to leave. Also FYI Dave does no encore at Mansfield because town regulations have a strict curfew.
Yeah but that sweet sweet bribe money! I'm still holding onto hope that Qatar gets moved. It's unfathomable to me how that place is allowed to hold a World Cup.
Same :( I missed my chance with Brazil. Not that I wanted to support that government either...
I imagine the kit sponsor is the obstacle, not the FA. That's who signed the contract to have their logo shining in everyone's faces. And because $$$, I doubt any sponsor would okay even one match of clean kits.
Yeah but you couldn't start the game in Challenge Mode, which was dumb. I know B2W2 had long postgames but still.
Apparently a key member of the NFL Red Sox just got busted for steroids. HMMMM.
This has completely made my weekend! Woo! It's happening!
Listen it is SUBTLE and it is AMAZING. Sometimes he also slides.
Haha, yeah. I figure it was in the early days when they didn't have much staff.
She was being poetic and responding to his promise to protect her daughter with a touching line from his past (which she knew since he was also telling the story to her).
True. But the park has been around for decades so it's *relatively* early. Look, we all realize at this point that Delos is a hot mess of a company. Hiring was probably tough for them.
&gt; There was a growing DARKNESS inside of me William final boss of Kingdom Hearts III confirmed.
Teddy calling her out with WHAT WE'VE ALL BEEN SAYING ALL SEASON was pretty satisfying. Although now I feel like she goes into epic rage mode, so it will probably get worse.
tbf Elsie was just taken off screen. I never thought she was dead; only incapacitated. A shot to the heart, however...
I think it was part of the lie Emily was telling to pretend that she gave a shit about her father.
He's a fucked up human who has become host-like given his obsession with the park. It's really sad.
She was lying. As she said, she was only asking questions and pretending to get emotional and embellishing in order to pretend that she gave a shit. She was trying to open him up to get him to leave by choice.
Given that in the chronologically latest plot thread Bernard just told Hale that Dolores is making her way to the valley, I'm gonna go with the second one.
Fully agreed. Thematically it's excellent. Much better than the whole "Humans literally want to become hosts" bit. Although I suppose some of the power is in the contrast.
Agreed. Especially now since they have to add Westworld :).
If Ford and Arnold followed good software dev practices they have all their documentation for each host program stored somewhere!
Keep in mind that a major theme of the series is that Westworld shows you who you really are. And this is something that William completely believes. So it’s not just him taking a fun vacation to shoot robots: it’s the only chance for him to be himself. That is his reality; the actual real world is just an act he has to keep up. Yes, the act results in a net positive to the world. But it doesn’t change the fact that it’s an act and that he has to hide his real self when he’s not in the park. And this isn’t binary: he can both bring good to the greater world while destroying those closest to him. That’s gotta be a major thing that pisses off his wife— he’s all fancy and proper and likeable in public, but she knows what he did to her father and brother and now her. Oh and then she learns he’s a paranoid delusional maniac.
Before the massacre is s1 :). The lake/beach stuff is all 14-days+ later. Remember, 2x01 ends with Bernard at the lake with all the drowned hosts. There have been scenes that take place earlier than s1, but those are one-off flashbacks and not ongoing arcs.
This is true love.
They...make a host of him in the future and he keeps coming back to the remains of the park? I have no idea. Because presumably he's not a host in the present, when he's found by the rescue crew. So...no clue.
Probably a version of Hale similar to how Bernard is a version of Arnold.
This is the best way to explain this.
I think it takes place far in the future where they've mastered replicating people perfectly. Or something.
Especially after killing Elsie like that, which I totally did not see coming.
DARKNESS Also a billion plot twists that leave you all wtf.
Because fuck you, that's why. - Nolan and Joy (I'm as lost as you!) Bernard stopped the mass deletion. So it's not clear what was removed and what was left.
I *think* he said he was loyal to the old man.
I'll check it out. Thanks.
Yup, I think this is it. The post-credits scene is unrelated to the bulk of the s2 story. That's a bit annoying, as I feel like this addendum has distracted everyone from everything else we just watched.
The Cradle is the host backup archive. The Forge is where the guest data is kept.
Agreed. And as the minutes pass I'm getting more annoyed about the post-credits, as it was totally unnecessary and seemed to be focused on future seasons instead of ending this one nice and tightly like s1. The double storylines in s1 were a great surprise, and it worked because it was a neat way to tell a character's backstory. Here though? It just muddled stuff for the sake of it. There was no big payoff to Bernard's head being jumbled. Especially since you *could* keep things straight if you took the time to do so.
&gt; Bernard 'having to scramble his memory' was a plot contrivance to excuse the unnecessary confusion. But it had no payoff whatsoever! It was just an excuse to tell a story across two threads, one of which was pretty bland. In her interview Joy said it was supposed to be like an old crime noir story, but eh.
Yeah at first it seemed like a redemption arc because he kept running into old scenarios, but it wasn’t? And even if it wasn’t planned and was just coincidental he sure as hell didn’t learn anything, so it wasn’t for the sake of character development. And yeah, it was never clear to me what he wanted from the Forge. However... In light of the post-credits, is it possible that every time he mentioned the valley beyond that it was actually the host version in the future? The host’s goal was to reach the Forge as the final test. I’d have to watch the season again to see how those scenes play out.
The elevator is in the future. In the present he passes out due to his wounds. You know, I wonder if his quest was set up to be a sort of human fidelity test. This ep especially hammered home the whole idea of humans being static and unable to change. William's quest put him through scenarios he had been through countless times before, but this time he acted different than usual (e.g. saving Lawrence's family). So it was akin to a test to see how static/repeatable humans actually are. With the post-credits, perhaps that test data was used to further refine his host version.
Lisa Joy explains it in her finale Q&amp;A. After Bernard kills her and revivers her, Dolores realizes that without a counterbalance she’ll go off the rails and they’ll both die (similarly, Bernard is too timid to advance the species on his own). So they both need to be present to succeed at whatever comes next.
Fair, but I agree that it's a bit disappointing. Seems like a superfluous sequel hook.
Oh wow, that's gorgeous. Didn't even know it existed. I have the individual volumes but I may have to look into this for the bookshelf. Grayson was one of the arcs that got me into comics, so this one has a special place in my heart.
Also, the last *Spider-Man and the League of Realms* ended with the hope that Kurse/Waziria would be freed, but today's issue ruins that possibility completely. *Journey into Mystery* and Spider-Man are really fun and it's a shame they're so behind the main story. Also re: Spider-Man: not only is he with a different crew, but the *entire League* is with a different crew (Honeyshot is with Punisher). Uhh what happened? I thought DC did a really good job of releasing Metal and all its tie-ins in order. Too bad this couldn't be as organized.
And will abruptly switch from a physical attacker to a special attacker. Sorry, still not over that.
Spider-Man and the League of Realms is good so far. I also like the idea behind Strikeforce, even if the last one is by far the best. War Scrolls is neat but kinda all over the place. And obviously, Avengers and Thor.
But turning off the Exp. Share makes things harder by means of fake difficulty (i.e. you're just making yourself weaker). A real difficulty increase wouldn't just be a level difference but also a smarter trainer A.I. and better movesets. Like what we get in the Battle Frontier/Subway/Maison/Tree.
Yessss. Let our big boy mash stupid dongs for an evening.
Ha! A sexy Ian Malcolm minifig!
Was at this game with my buddy, who's a Mets fan. Hilarity ensued.
C'mon, boys! Rally ahead!
They play Start a Riot at Target as a rally song? Oh hell yeah.
Wait, seriously, no walkoffs this year? Bizarre baseball things...
HOLY SHIT LOL THIS FUCKING TEAM
Ahhh dammit Mitch!
A shame about the Kimbrel thing.
Why are they still pitching to him...
The late innings of the last two games have been some shows of pitching and defensive lapses.
#THERE IT IS MAX!
It's exactly why the pitcher W/L is a useless stat.
Castro not having a fun game.
Guys no stop close this one out cleanly.
When you have a nine run lead and can't throw strikes.
Look, what is life without a little excitement?
HOORAY it's over!
Do local things, breweries, avoid touristy stuff, and also beer.
+1 for finding the stddev. More baseball stats need variances attached. You don't need to derive your own metric, haha. [This site is free](https://baseballsavant.mlb.com/statcast_search), and batted ball statistics are pretty straightforward. Basically, if you're giving up a lot of hard hit balls and your BABIP is high, that's all on you; no unluckiness involved. So for the [Twins full pitching staff](https://baseballsavant.mlb.com/team/142?view=statcast&amp;nav=pitching&amp;season=2019), they are above average in barrel % and hard hit %. But that's everyone, not just the pen. Eyeballing the pen alone they are individually way above average.
Don't forget how the opening forest in X/Y is literally Viridian Forest.
I grew up with Gens I and II, but I hit my Pokemon "dark ages" (i.e. "I'm too cool for this series since I'm a mature high schooler now") during Gens III and IV. Granted I did get LeafGreen and SoulSilver for nostalgia's sake, but I never touched RSE or DPPl. But when B/W came out I found myself reading about it and the new features it introduced to the series. I also liked how there was only a completely new slate of Pokemon before beating the game. So I tried it out and discovered the best plot and soundtrack in the series. Haven't looked back since. So yes, I'm a big Gen V fan.
Nah we're okay against the good teams. Somehow.
Ahh, context! The only reason we got to revisit Kanto in GSC is because the great late Satoru Iwata found such an efficient way to store data on the cart that they had extra space. So they said, hey why not put in the original region and a second adventure? It wasn't recycling content to pad a subpar game; it was adding in a direct sequel to a full game as an extended easter egg. And this was the era before mass internet wikis and whatnot, so it wasn't common knowledge Kanto was included. So it was *amazing*. It was one thing to cross into Kanto on the way to Pokemon League. It was another to beat the E4 and get a ticket to *the* Vermillion City.
That's why I said *its game* :) In HGSS, with Kanto not being a secret anymore, they're able to make Johto and Kanto feel a lot closer together.
My favorites are reusable TMs and an actual jRPG-ish plot.
Feraligatr, not Ditto.
But I will continue to call that an epic glitching of the playoffs, because although it worked it’s not a sustainable strategy and I would not recommend trying again. We got very fortunate with off-days and whatnot.
Ah fuck the Red Sox. Get that run back and more, boys.
Maybin making it hard to drop him when Stanton and Judge return.
The Royals pitching that gave up 13 runs? That's "Very well"?
Boooo BABIP, booooooo.
Absolutely dealing.
Better than the colon cancer commmercial. Or the guy falling over the lego.
Not gonna lie, this is frustrating.
Well shit. That was some dominance.
Rage.
C'mon boys, break out that 2019 swagger.
OK! They're just setting up the opportunity for the first walkoff win of the season.
I believed it could happen down to the last strike yesterday. This team is fire. They can do it.
Gotta have faith!
He dropped it yesterday, maybe trying to do just that.
So close Parker. So close.
Listen, I said that was an irrational and impulsive take. Don't try to logic me right now.
Three War of the Realms issues. 8-10.
He doesn't even believe in dinosaurs!
Also "Luck" and "clutch" are pretty handwavy terms. You generally need some rationale before you use them. That being said, data doesn't support the idea of clutch. Instead I think it's more like there are batters that don't get flustered in high-leverage situations. They keep their usual approach regardless of who's on base, the score, etc. And as /u/dong_lover pointed out they have the highest OPS in general, so it kinda supports that theory.
Robo umps now.
I'm obviously mad, but I'm also not mad, because this is what happens when you make the first out at third due to being careless. And striking out with the bases loaded. Dammit dammit dammit.
They keep showing Bradley's catch on NESN and I hate it. Wasn't MLB.tv supposed to allow you to watch in-market games on the alternate stream a few years ago? Whatever happened to that?
Mitch you need to hit a 5-run HR right now.
The team BABIP for this series has to be stupidly low.
#YESSSSSS #MAX #HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO THAT BIRTHDAY DUDE!
Better Disney story than Frozen.
Well so much for an early bedtime today.
...Oh.
I want JBJ to not play baseball.
Got Chickentendi to chase the high heat. Good.
They're reviving this dude's season.
I hate you, JBJ.
UK?
Ha! Sorry, was actually going to go with that first. I prefer Ireland anyway. How'd you become a Twins fan?
Yeah but then what about my capitalism?
Nice! Love the dedication from overseas baseball fans.
Heh, which debuted in FF7. EDIT: Wow, I mean FF6. Derp.
Homeruns are gorgeous in person and from angles like this. TV angles rarely do them justice.
I love how DJ's trying to look so scary in his picture. Like calm down DJ, you're just a chill plain dude and everyone knows it. Ok, he's scary with RISP, but I mean outside of that. To the point though: yes I am THRILLED with DJ's performance, but it's faaaar too early to call Bryce and Machado busts. Probabilistically they should regress to their career means. And even if they don't it will be impossible to know what they could have done in the Bronx. So the most we can rationally say so far is that it's been a win-win.
&gt; the Yankees fans hate the Red Sox more than the Red Sox fans hate the Yankees.. I can assure you, this is 100% false. The Red Sox identity is built around hating the Yankees. Flying back from MN the other day, the guy next to me told me that his 4-year-old son learned in school that when you hear "Yankees" you say "BAD" and do a thumbs down. This is what they teach them in preschool up here! That being said, Yanks fans *have* gotten a little more obsessed as of late.
Nope! And I only stayed up through the 13th.
Tight game, time-wise and defensively please. And with better quality at bats (for everyone except Cron and Max, who should keep doing what they're doing).
Because it's: [Runs Scored^2 / (Runs Scored^2 + Runs Allowed^2 )] I.e. it's not a linear function of run differential.
Tight defense and good at bats please. And fuck the Red Sox. Good to see everyone again! But let's do today in regulation, okay?
&gt; I have this **coach** that I've always hated This story had me confused for awhile but by the end I got it!
I think you'd need to normalize by game length to be fair, haha.
The anti Star Wars expression.
I literally told them to have tight and smart baserunning today. Especially dumb decision given this series has been all about long flyouts to the warning track. But hey! A run happened.
Strikeouts are unproductive at bats.
He didn't look like shit in the first though. He gave up a few hits and one run and got out of it. Not saying Gibby can't recover, but these are very different situations.
All things considered, 3 runs isn't anywhere near as bad as that could have been. We're only down 2.
That must have been one hell of a change because Max was completely fooled.
It's like when you have a smooth flight and then hit a patch of turbulence in the middle. Then it's smooth again.
And just like that!
Can we talk about how awesome it is that Max is clicking on all cylinders this season? I've been waiting for this moment for years. The power WITH the OBP.
Little German Morneau!
7 IP, 4 H, 2 BB, 10 K, 0 ER A beast.
I wouldn’t be so skeptical. The player choices tend to correct any snubs in the fan votes.
The ASG fan vote is almost always a popularity vote. Max will get in via players/coaches selection. It’s gonna work out.
But it doesn’t count because payroll, bandbox, juiced balls, Jacoby Ellsbury, etc! ~ the haters
bUt HiS NUmBerS wonT BE tHaT gOOd beCause he WONt bE aT CoOrS!111
Nah. Jeter has his detractors (Mo did not), and there's always the flimsy argument of him only being famous because he was on the dynasty Yankees squads.
But the Yankees hold the record so it's okay.
This reminds me of the 2009 squad, with all those walkoffs and comebacks.
Looked like a hammy sort of pull up. Hamstrings are terrible. So are knees. Damn you, evolution.
I got a shiny new Twins hat today (the gold trimmed one the team is wearing right now). Welp, I may have to burn it.
Definitely a "Let me prove myself / raise morale" sort of play.
You know, I hated it to start the season but it's grown on me. My favorite is still my 2014 ASG one though.
I do what I can.
I love the smile on the previous page. About time!
Along with the smile. My poor emotions.
Agreed. This was the most together of all the main books. It felt complete and not like a bunch of montages.
Every plot thread Aaron introduced finally resolved! Woo! As for the happening in Thor #14...does that create a stable time loop, or what?
&gt; Then Malakith got PIMPSLAPPED and just like that, the War was over. Anyone else get Scar from The Lion King vibes? I wonder if that was done on purpose. &gt; and cry for very different reasons... There will be rivers of tears.
&gt; I’m just glad this (and the last arc of the ongoing) is sending off his run in a fashion worthy of what’s come before. BUT it looks like he's writing Jane's new book? With Ewing? Yes please!
&gt; For example Carol being shown as the one who beat Sindr when it was the Agents of Atlas who did it in their own comic. Well it shows Carol flying with Sindr. The Agents defeated her but let Carol bring her back to the Avengers Tower for lockup. And she took a detour to NYC on the way.
I've read so much Marvel over the past few months. My wallet will appreciate the break. I liked the tie-ins because they introduced me to different characters and writers. Already got the entirety of Asgardians of the Galaxy, and I'll probably start a dive into Superior Spider Man too. And Deadpool was a lot funnier than I expected.
But does this create a stable time loop? Or does young Thor use this experience* to become worthy in his own time? *And this is also confusing, since after defeating Gorr the rule was that young Thor and King Thor would forgot all the time travel for causality's sake. So what happens here?
Cul's was a tearjerker. It takes skill to make that asshole sympathetic.
Oh boy! Taking those few innings off will certainly make a difference.
Boooo Wet Spam. Happy you made it over! Have a great time. I learned there’s a London Red Sox club and that makes me angry, so show them up please.
&gt; beloved West Ham Not exactly a phrase I expected to see this morning... Well at least we can agree on Fuck the Red Sox!
&gt; The British people already hate Boston Yeah but for some reason there's a London Red Sox supporters club and I hate everything about that. Ok, the "Some reason" is probably because the Yankees are a global brand (seriously, I see more Yankees hats in London than I do in NYC), and siding with the Sox is a way to show you're breaking the mold. Gross. Anyway, I always want to BEAT BOSTON, but this is especially important because it's a home game for them without their dumb wall. I want Sox fans to bitch about how this is so unfair.
The American Revolution is everything to the US, but to England it's just another blip on the colonial rebellion radar.
&gt; Today, the day before it starts, there is hardly any mention of it in the media. Doesn't help that this is happening during the women's soccer and cricket World Cups.
&gt; The London Series tickets were priced so only current diehard fans will pay This is what pisses me off. I ever so wrongfully assumed that ticket prices would be stupid cheap because you want to get people in the door. Instead we got game 7 World Series prices. ...unless you want to sit in the wings or super outfield of Olympic Stadium, which is not the way to watch baseball.
You're not getting a hotel. Hell, we started looking for airbnbs in Cooperstown in January and they were already sold out. We had to settle on a place in a nearby town. We have a car but parking is TBD (we should start thinking about this!) I also imagine you have to get there super early if you want a good spot for the speeches.
Some 4th division soccer team's pitch should do.
Alright crew, since the boys are in London let's talk about another British thing. How many of you follow the Premier League, and who's your club? #COYS! (And remember, Liverpool are literally the British Red Sox, so don't say them.)
I said the American Revolution, not America as a whole ;) We vastly overestimate how much the rest of the world cares about our cute 200+ year history. English schoolkids aren't learning about the Boston Tea Party in history class. As my buddy put it: "It was more like: 'And then more colonies rebelled; in other news the day ended in -y.'" (Although it was funny when he took a tour of the Boston Freedom Trail and suddenly felt a little guilty, haha.)
&gt; we’re rich, probably have the best history of any club, have very loud fans and lots of people hate us What a British Red Sox thing of you to say... Nah, the Yankees equivalent in the Prem is definitely United.
United going through a Yankees 2013-2016 right now.
&gt; Is the MLS actually becoming legit now? Umm. Well, look at what Rooney did this week and I'll let you decide: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_trdDQq8KH4
But do you follow another league?
Good for you guys. Spurs will get our chance soon. Hey, for the Foxes and for the Cubs! ...And for certain countries which we won't discuss right now. 2016 was an odd year.
Everton fans pulling hard for Spurs in the CL finals, loved it. Also Gylfi will always have a special place in my heart.
He owns Liverpool, but they're north of London.
Oh man, that's pretty accurate. But Chelsea/Cubs is an insult to the Cubs actually having a history. And Spurs/Mets...god dammit. I always considered Spurs the Cubs of the Prem because of the history, but Mets work too...
Oof. Don't take this personally, but...eh I'll be nice and hold my tongue.
The game wouldn't be played because the four of them would eject everyone and take over the spotlight.
Can we lol at the Mets and how their bullpen got them swept in 4 games against the Phillies? They had a lead in late innings in all 4! They had a 3-run rally in the top of the 9th yesterday, only for their pen to give up 5 in the bottom. LOLOLOLOL.
Can he give the spot to Luke? He'd have so much fun.
Judge was already hurt. He would have aggravated that injury from swinging whenever.
Fun fact: this was the first episode of the anime I ever saw. Got up early before school to see what all the hype was about.
That was purgatory.
Upstate, represent!
The English don’t drink their beer warm. This misconception comes from the fact that traditional English cask ales—which is a specific style—are generally at a cellar temperature (50 F or so) as opposed to ice cold like the popular American lagers. But not every beer in England is served at that temp.
More like, half Spurs and half A*senal.
God, that trash exchange waxing poetic over "This historic Premier League stadium!!!" is even more pathetic when you realize it has only been West Ham's home *since 2016*, when they started renting it from the city. They should just not talk.
"OMG BASEBALL!!! IN ENGLAND!!! IN THE FOOTBALL PLACE!!! YAY!!!"
I had a feeling that was gonna happen. Groan.
Why is he not playing in the Gold Cup right now?
They actually started the Premier League marketing frenzy in the late 90s, so maybe, although they haven't done much lately. Barcelona and Real may be more iconic nowadays.
Ok this is fair.
&gt; he has a short nickname he goes by like Kaka or other soccer stars. This is primarily a Spanish, Portuguese, and Brazilian thing because their names are too long and common, so they pick playing names at a young age to differentiate themselves. Max Kepler is German, so I think he has a better shot at being that guy.
For me I just can't shake the exhibition feel.
Expected that to be a called strike 3.
Actually for the Sox it's exactly what you want.
No it's just my response was a bit too dry.
This broadcast makes Americans look as globally ignorant as the stereotypes suggest.
LOL DJL Like fucking clockwork.
It's pasta time, boys!
At-Bat still calling pitch 1 a ball BECAUSE IT WAS.
Arod STOP. But lol Chavis. I love everything about this inning.
Can you imagine being stingy with Kimbrel and then having your pen be your weakest link.
As someone who studied aerodynamics, please stop spitting out bogus aerodynamic theories to explain yesterday.
Our pitchers just had a rough boot-up process yesterday, apparently.
#LET'S GO STREAKING!
Internet, Interleague, same thing!
*Unclench*
Can't WAIT to see the tight strikezone Chapman gets.
Two straight sliders. That's not what he does when he's feeling sharp. EDIT: OK! It was a smart setup.
Thank GOD. I feel like the final scene in Snatch.
&gt; He also rejected the temptation of the One Ring ...which they got rid of in the movie which I ABSOLUTELY HATE.
Sox/Pats fans: THE PATS ARE THE BEST TOM BRADY TOM BRADY TOM BRADY NO CHEATING FUCK ALL THE HATERS YOU’RE JUST JEALOUS Also Sox/Pats fans: Wait I don’t understand, why don’t you like us?
The Pats are done ASAP and the locals don’t even have baseball season to look forward to. Yessssss.
Wait, a New England team cheating? A New England team with a manager who was the bench coach for the cheating Asstros, cheating? A New England team with a manager who was the bench coach for the cheating Asstros who made a rather cryptic remark about Carlos Beltran being the most important pick up for the Yankees, cheating? HUH. Maybe David Ortiz can help get to the bottom of it.
They say this wasn't in place during the playoffs.
Not that we were good enough for a deep playoff run in 2018 regardless, but 100 wins should have won us the division. This cheating scheme only needed to give the Sox four wins to steal the AL East and top seed.
Whoa this is offensive.
Red Sox sources said it was harder/not possible because teams take extra caution during the playoffs. But regardless of that, MLB says they installed their people in the replay rooms during the playoffs.
&gt; I feel like this is MLB trying to use this to make the Astros seem like less of an outlier so they don't have to punish them. God I hope not. The other thing is, the Sox were warned about this after they were also fined in 2017. So it's extra bad to be like "Yeah ok we'll stop" *and keep doing it*.
&gt; by the end of the game, the characters are all reduced to spamming Ultima as the "best" strategy. I used to do this for the longest time. But for my last playthrough (GBA version) I made an effort to build each character differently. Only taught natural magic users spells, pumped up attack stats for natural attackers, etc. It was actually really interesting because it *did* make everyone different and useful. That being said, forcing those differences reminds me of the Zodiac Age version of FF12. Sure you could customize characters in the original but there's no incentive to.
I heard he did steroids!
First off, don’t call yourself an Arsenal fan. Why would you degrade yourself like that. Secondly, MLS is, ehh, not the best league to get you into soccer. Why do you find it hard to watch other leagues? You can catch every Premier League match on NBC channels, and Fox sports channels cover the Bundealiga. It has never been easier for an American to follow top flight European soccer.
As a Spurs supporter I am so conflicted about this. Love the idea and implications for future sets, but I obviously can’t have this “gracing” my shelves.
When the resurrection process was established I took it as Hickman saying death won't be used as a plot device going forward, because comic book death is always dumb and fleeting. So I assumed the entire concept of dying would be written out entirely. But Percy has thrown that assumption out the window! Which is interesting I guess, but also...too much? It seems like he's using it just to be egregiously graphic and that's ehh. Also seems like there's a lot of idiot ball being thrown around; can't tell if that's bad writing or the characters just being more reckless.
Right. Logic being, the suspension only exists if they're employed by MLB (or a team of MLB), and that clock can't start until that's the case. No getting around this shame by taking a year off.
It looks like the organization Did The Right Thing. Allows them to save some face.
Yeah so there’s a major difference between entertainment properties, which have no limit on how many you can enjoy (despite what certain territorial fans may think), and sports teams, which are by definition exclusive since they’re in direct competition with all the others. *Especially* true for European soccer.
Emphasis on stolen.
Hey if LEGO brings the right offer to Levy you never know... (D’you think LEGO would take Eriksen as part of any deal?)
Broken clocks I guess.
Been asking this for days :(
Yeah collected HoX/PoX is out. Go for it! As for WotR: keep in mind it’s kinda the first conclusion to Aaron’s entire Thor run, so if you haven’t kept up with that you won’t get the most out of it.
Yeah I still think of Morbius as the creepy hands guy and it continues to be unsettling.
Except don't use X-Zone because you won't get dropped items, like Bahamut.
This definitely fits! It's one of THE Final Fantasy broken strats.
STOP WITH THE FUCKING SWORDS AND FIRE EMBLEM HOLY SHIT I blame the Astros and Red Sox for this.
I'm like, I'm not laughing Sakurai.
The latest takes from the locals: "Sure we're crushed about Cora and questioning 2018 now, but I mean everyone was probably cheating, right? So who really knows! Is anything in this era pure?" Ah yes, the classic hypothetical deflection technique.
--&gt; calls Smash nerd shit --&gt; is an active member of r/nyyankees
Plot holes? Get outta here with that nonsense haha. Well filmed and incredibly gripping. I'm a sucker for one-take movies.
This is her NBA/China moment. Completely embarrassing and it shows where her paycheck comes from.
Nah this would break me.
No one give him clicks! EDIT: Seriously. It's immensely frustrating when people acknowledge someone is being contrary for attention/clicks, and then turn around and post their tweet/article/whatever all over the place. Don't do that!
I'm annoyed at the thought that Asstros fans are gonna give their team a standing ovation at their home opener. What does that even mean? "We support you for cheating your way to a title"...? That's super shitty! The team deserves nothing but boos for being dishonest cunts to the sport and, above all, to the fans. Anyone who says Jeter isn't a HOFer doesn't know a thing about baseball. I've had to use the statsline from the HOF announcement thread a few times already, alas. FRISBEES ARE FINE* (*Unless we're talking about how "Frisbee" is a trademark of Wham-O, and Wham-O actually makes inferior discs to Discraft. In which case, yes, fuck frisbees?)
I do what I can.
SCALDING TAKE No way! The rims on wham-o discs are way too clunky. Discraft++ Also Discraft is the official disc of the UPA so...
Yes it is. Be wary of unconscious bias/classism. The biggest danger around YS is finding the start of the security queues they implemented last year.
This exactly. But he was also closer during the Dark Times so it's kinda easy to forget.
Star Wars, but Tatooine is covered in frisbees instead of sand.
I’m afraid to even donate old Yankees stuff around here because I don’t want it misused.
YIIIIKES that got dark quickly! I like the space story more but this one had a solid conclusion. Geez.
Hank initially hypothesizes this in his internal monologue, so I think he's being sincere. Whether he's correct or not...
&gt; Willing to do some truly messed up things for the sake of Krakoa. I also think the impact of Xavier's (planned?) death cannot be understated.
My mental image of you keeps getting more and more interesting.
&gt; please do not talk about: religion Unless it's Aaron Judge. &gt; politics Unless it's about lobbying Congress to outlaw the Astros and Alex B(re/er)gman. &gt; insects of any kind unless you're talking about wanting to start a mass genocide of all spiders everywhere *Takes off kid gloves* Ok FIRST OFF, [this little guy is adorable](https://www.theguardian.com/environment/2010/aug/01/humblebee-bumblebee-darwin) and you know it so *how dare you*. And secondly, spiders and all the righteous spiderbros out there are arachnids, not insects. Cmon p3 this is like elementary school science class. And if you mass genocide (redundant!) the spiderbros the mosquitos win, and do you really want that? NO. &gt; frisbees 🥏🥏🥏 &gt; the red sox (unless its about Fuck the Red Sox) *Calms down* &gt; or picking bulbasaur as your starter Gen I Razor Leaf (which was a broken move) was the best starter move in the game, don't @ me.
I’ll just add that there should be nothing “political” about advocating for human rights or responding to a pandemic. Anyway, you should join the ‘cord. We’ve been handling all those topics rather maturely when they occasionally come up. Otherwise we make fun of u/YoungJudge for his ear.
SHIT Well played, sir. Back to the drawing board...
Umm. Anyway I'm looking forward to my dinner of iceberg lettuce with a light cauliflower garnish.
iirc Kingdra is kinda meh in Gens II - III because Dragon moves kinda suck. Dragon Pulse didn't come until later. But there's still Dragon Dance at least. I used a crit Kingdra in Gen VI and ruined people's day.
Haha I've never even seen Friends and now the theme song is stuck in my head anyway. Thanks p3. Well the weight of everything has finally hit me, I guess. Gonna cancel all my meetings and block out most of the internet and spend today doing whatever I need to do to process all of *this* (waves hands wildly). Man. What a world. You're good people, r/nyyankees fam. Stay safe and smart. And keep Aaron Judge in your hearts.
I'm feeling a lot better. Day away from stuff helped (helped me, not the world, but such is life). Now I have a lot of pent up productivity and want to do ALL THE THINGS. I do recommend this read from The Athletic though (sub required): "[A conversation: Retired African American MLB players on race, baseball, America](https://theathletic.com/1849574/2020/06/02/a-conversation-retired-african-american-mlb-players-on-race-baseball-america/)". Moderated by Doug Glanville, panelists are Jimmy Rollins, Ryan Howard, Dontrelle Willis, Torii Hunter, and LaTroy Hawkins. One of the most distressing bits is right up front: &gt; Even the biggest African American baseball stars rarely speak out on sensitive matters during their playing careers. The sport’s culture discourages individuality in any form, and a player who publicly addresses racism — Adam Jones, for example — often faces backlash. How can this be in a sport that supposedly idolizes Jackie Robinson? This is really, really embarrassing--and quite frankly, insulting to his legacy--and MLB has got to do better. Other people who have to do better: the owners (fuck them); Westworld s3 Things that do not have to do better: Frisbees; Bulbasaur, Ivysaur, and Venusaur; Avatar the Last Airbender; Aaron Judge. Also, folks, clearly by "p3" I mean pokupokupoku nowadays and not pinata guy from long ago. Context clues dammit.
Ha! Looks like MLB finally got around to it: https://twitter.com/MLB/status/1268188140315070467
&gt; is more difficult to transmit in warmer/wetter climates. We have some idea of the answer to this since the southern hemisphere was wrapping up summer when this all broke out. The answer seems to be no, says our Aussie friends.
But see I'm wearing nice goin' out shorts today, not "scrubbing it up around the house" shorts.
GOD DAMMIT
&gt; the unholiest fucks of all the hell I'm stealing this, although I'm pretty sure its invocation summons demons to your door at midnight.
TRIGGERED
Gah, send it here please. Need that sweet sweet rain smell. And the dehumidification. Mainly that.
&gt; Baseball can start back up, but every player, every position, on all teams and in all leagues, for the next two seasons (remainder of this season, plus next season) is a clone of Chad Green. Someone make this in The Show or OOTP or whatever sim you nerds love.
lol so Manfred will just wave his magic wand and...players will take the field? (And probably with a runner starting on 2nd?) BOOOOOLD strategy there, MLB. Motion to only put people who care about the sport in charge of it.
&gt; I'd definitely start to doubt the authenticity of the champion regardless of who it is. See, I wouldn't, because it would be a fundamentally different thing and that's okay! It wouldn't be comparable to a 162-game season, but it would be its own flash season and all the craziness such a thing would bring. I'm fine with that.
Cool. Demonstrations aren't his to define. Especially when he's choosing to grossly misinterpret them. As a reminder, servicemen/women kneel during military funerals. Kaepernick got the idea from a ~~Navy SEAL~~ Green Beret. Maybe Brees should express his displeasure to that gentleman then.
Years ago, when the BLM movement started, no. But a lot of it was out of honest ignorance (source: many of my well-meaning friends who ALM’d because they just didn’t realize what they were doing). Today, still no, but it’s almost certainly intentional and definitely coded.
It's an A/C day, boys and girls. Highs around 30C (that's 86F, for those who do things that way). Outside of college I've never lived without central A/C, and I don't know how people do it. Why are houses even being built in hot areas without A/C? What monsters are these architects? "*It's summer and we're running out of ice...*"
😡
lolol there's "being green" and there's "I'd rather not melt, thanks."
&gt; The union wants MLB to honor the terms outlined by the March agreement Why is this so much to ask? And don't say "Because things changed," because I refuse to believe that NO ONE considered the lasting impact of a pandemic way back in March. And yet the owners are feigning concern about a second outbreak in the next set of months from now, which remember isn't some set-in-stone thing.
Were they star shaped windows? Tree shaped? Puppy shaped?
Got mine for like $65 I think. Still, not a bad deal. What back ally deed did you do to get it?
Has he gotten to the bottom of it yet? That's a thing with that organization, right?
Sometimes there is a need for sacrifice.
u/hookemyanks already responded but I want to add to this, because it's *really important* you understand. "What about black on black violence" is what's called a strawman: a logically fallacious argument where the subject is stealthily changed to discuss something other than the topic at hand. Sometimes it's done in bad faith, but it can also be done accidentally. Be wary of strawmen! Anyway, police brutality is *the state* taking violent/unlawful action *against citizens*, and in this case, taking *unequal* violence/unlawful action against citizens. That's the problem here. Surely, no one who values human rights and a free country should stand for that. The issue of "x on x violence" is something fundamentally different, since that's concerned with citizens being terrible to each other.
Why can't we just stick to SPROTS and calling Gary fat and lazy?!
Hi grubas welcome to the world, you may have missed a few things. * David Ortiz did steroids * The Astros are dirty cheaters * There's this weird virus going around and it's shitty * MLB owners are assholes * Fuck /u/grubas
Live-stream! Live-stream!
Don’t need fans when you already have billion dollar tv deals 🙃.
(This is the wrong date!)
I demand credit.
Possibly.
Haha remember when he called out KRod and KRod essentially was like “Who the fuck is Brian Bruney?” https://www.espn.com/mlb/news/story?id=4257812 This also brings me back to when Joba fistpumps were like a violation of the Geneva Conventions or something.
&gt; Currently eating ramen and pounding pedialyte like there's no tomorrow. lololol I'm fine with high ABV beers when they have more to them than sticky sweetness and excessive booziness, which seems to be the way for imperial stouts nowadays.
Ok it's callout time for bad takes. u/ep29 thinks "irregardless" *shudders* is an acceptable use of language, and not semantic gibberish and a waste of characters/syllables/breath. u/YoungJudge said this: "Facebook is math class. Twitter is math class with a substitute teacher". Context not necessary; this is why he gets banned from things.
*‘20 - 6 - 8* *Who do we appreciate?* *Aaron Judge!* *Aaron Judge!* *Rah rah rah!* That brings me back to elementary school, where one of my teachers conditioned us to randomly break into that song (about her, not about our patron saint) to get on her good graces. That’s kinda weird isn’t it?
Yeah, I wish. This woman was absolutely insane.
[Luke Voit](https://www.instagram.com/p/CBJeY5Ajjkx/?igshid=1ob6395orvxlh)
Two months of games! That would be weird, huh. It would be like immediately getting thrown into the heat of the pennant race. Bullpen usage would be *wild*.
Oh absolutely. Guys would get their arms Scott Proctor'd.
But we can't pinch pennies with 82 games! Gotta have some awkward-ass number so I can still afford my new yacht.
Remember when this wasn't a controversial take at all.
lol, the BLM thread isn't even a week old! It's rare to see that many deletions and posts below score thresholds around these parts. And yet.
😬
They don't have a billion in free cash but it's kinda besides the point, since barring massive economic collapse it's all the same.
Can't, man. Was really underwhelmed by the first so yeah, the sequel isn't on my radar. I've also never really cared for zombie and zombie-adjacent tropes. And this is good for me because my backlog is dumb enough as it is. EP EDIT: So I played the original on whatever the standard difficulty is. The game was advertised as requiring smart inventory management with tough gameplay decisions, but not once did I never not have ammo/resources when I needed them. Then I heard "Oh, you need to change the difficulty for that experience" but no, eff that. The default experience should be the default difficulty, and I have no love for devs who design otherwise.
Honestly /u/pokupokupoku should be ashamed you beat him to the punch here.
Extended playoffs would absolutely be something the owners try to keep around, too. We know this since it has already been floated around.
Looks like the Yankees finally released a direct statement about all this *Waves hands*. All I have to say is, it would be nice if it could have included some specific initiatives. The DoorDash statement had more substance.
Hey /u/pokupokupoku I'm happy I DIDN'T impulse buy Hickman's Fantastic Four run when you told me to, because... https://www.comixology.com/Marvel-Featured-Sale/page/23869
Right. A huge gut punch or a twist of some sort. Not...the dude behaving exactly as you'd expect.
Alas. And I'm not one to get on organizations for taking "too long" to make a statement, as assigning a timeframe to this borders on virtue signaling. However, if you *do* take your time, I expect that to be because you were organizing something actionable. An organization I'm a part of was almost last among peer groups to say anything, but when it did it came with a host of legit actions and plans and process changes. So Yankees...what's your logic?
Bad way to start the week, broseph.
I like how you added the parenthetical, as if that makes this better. Seems like this was one hell of a Monday for many of us!
When you take a vacation you still have your home and job when you come back. Uhh, hopefully.
Given how much filly seems to know about this...
Between here and the 'Cord seems like many of us had rough Mondays. Hang in there, crew! Look on the bright side: if the week starts out on a shit note we have time to improve things by its end. Woo!
lmao
If you didn't add that disclaimer I was ready to backhand you.
[We are all Kamek. ](https://www.mariowiki.com/images/e/e5/OhMyNavelPiranhaSMW2YI.png)
&gt; Being white doesn't mean that you can't be racist towards your one race. Ever hear of an Uncle Tom? Same concept. Oh buddy.
&gt; today being 69? Nice. &gt; but not in a 69 NICE. *Sees date* NIIIIIIIICE.
&gt; I am surprised no one at MLB has talked about doing a tournament style season instead though. This would be the pragmatic approach, wouldn't it. Spare us the million thinkpieces on "iS tHe SEaSon LEGitImATE" and just explicitly propose something different. It could be FUN and EXCITING, and MLB is all about that right? Catch is, I don't trust Manfred at all to make temporary changes. This would be his in to ruin everything forever.
Someone missed his morning coffee. But also, truth (minus the millionaires and billionaires clarification, which is a non sequitur).
But probably not Angel Hernandez! Ohhhhhhh snap.
You know what they say about guys with long legs... 😉
“Pointer finger” “Clicks for upvotes” Is that what we’re calling it now.
You know what’s not fuckin’ nice? How spam calls have sharply decreased since quarantine but *spam texts* have become a real problem! And for texts there isn’t a “Block unknown” option like there is for calls. Fuck you, spam texters. I bet you’re all Astros fans.
This is a new version of "Balls hot" and I'm gonna steal it.
NO You guys did that?! That's crossing the line. Who got Cat Facts?
Imagine being in a sport flush with cash via tv deals, admission costs, and concession prices--among other things--and you're trying to make the case that it "Isn't very profitable". Big yikes.
Wait, let me blow your mind. It's almost *mid-June*. Think about everything we haven't been doing since March. Ok loljk it's March 101st but in a better reality it's almost mid-June.
I have never agreed with you more. If I want literal oranges in my orange juice I’ll just have a damn orange.
Nice try but this is too absurd for me to even be *slightly* trolled by. Luckily for you the day is young! (But Tottenham isn’t winless all time against the parent team of NYCFC! #championsLeagueQuarterfinals2019 #VARVARVAR #neverforget)
&gt; **The union viewed Boras’ idea to help his released minor leaguers as well-intentioned**, but told him not to proceed with his pledge to pay them their expected salaries for the year, sources said. [...] **Other agents expressed concern to the PA that Boras would be violating regulations if he paid his minor-league clients, believing the union would set a bad precedent if it allowed him to go forward**. The relevant portion of the regulations, a copy of which was obtained by The Athletic, states that “Any gifts or promise of gifts, of money or of any other thing with an aggregate value exceeding $500 U.S. in any calendar year, by an Expert Agent Advisor to any single player, or any persons related to or associated with such player, are prohibited.” [...] **Boras said he understood the union’s policy, but did not believe paying the minor leaguers was outside the rules.** Released players generally are not prospects, and Boras was not recruiting them – they already were his clients. Also: &gt; So, **Boras said he put the money to good use in another way, committing it as a donation to VoteRiders,** a non-profit that strives to ensure all U.S. citizens can exercise their right to vote. Plot twist!
This would even further trigger all the locals I tend to Zoom call with. Hooray!
Still cringing every time I read this btw. It's like a reflex. Look at what you've done.
I like amaretto. But maybe you consider that overly sweet. Also Bailey's. Is that overly sweet too? Nah fuck it. Whiskey is everything. Whiskey is life. Other liquors mean less room for whiskey. And that's terrible.
Pfff, just 10? Rookie. My summer cocktail will be anCnoc 24 on ice, hold the ice. And Bowmore Black Rock on evaporated ice rocks. I am a simple man.
Our new neighbors have a grill and they grill every night and I need to find a way to work myself into their circle(squared). Luckily they told me yesterday they're Yankees fans, so that's a start!
Uhh excuse me, *He of Unreadable Fonts*... It was one thing when just Frisbees were the enemy. That's a specific brand and their product kinda sucks so ha ha I rolled with it. But now you're including *all* "Plastic flying discs" in this crusade? Now this is WAR, sir. And I will do battle even if I have no idea what you're writing. And god dammit, we're at least supposed to start practicing for our summer league soon and I realized my cleats are at my office. Where I haven't been since March and where I don't plan to go until who knows. I guess this is a good time to get a new pair?
Nope, you crossed the line by including all flying discs. The font thing is officially your fault now. As I said: *war*. As in "God of", and not the acronym about replacement wins.
Why is that picture distorted? Did someone do something weird with Photosh-- --OH.
YOU suck (Ask me again in a ~week and I will probably agree with you.)
[Water *tribe*](https://media.giphy.com/media/J5deqXb35R6hDQHJJV/giphy.gif), ffs
When you place an online order for a chicken pita at Cava, go pick it up, and bite into it at home only to discover...someone fucked up and gave you *veggie* instead. Are you kidding me. My mood matches the downpour that just started outside.
I just don't think they'd care. They'll probably say something like they were out of chicken at the time. This is what I get for breaking my no-chains-during-quarantine rule. In contrast, I ordered from one of my favorite local joints last week but they closed early, so I was charged by the system but my order obviously wasn't fulfilled. I called the next day to ask about that and they said I was being refunded. Cool cool. And *yet* the manager just emailed me to apologize and offered a gift card when I come by next. THAT is A+ service.
Remember how the original sorta leaves the overarching plot unresolved? Let's just say that Perfect Chronology is true to its name. So depends if that's worth $20 to you.
Oh that is hilarious and spicy and I love it.
It's interesting for sure, but it could also be standard legal speak and protocol to protect rights in general, akin to how lawyers have to go after any sort of borderline trademark infringement no matter how dumb. Emphasis here: &gt; “There is no justification for public disclosure of the letter,” Jonathan Schiller, a lawyer representing the Yankees, said in a statement to The Athletic. “The plaintiff has no case anymore, and the court held that what MLB wrote in confidence was irrelevant to the court’s dismissal of the plaintiff’s case. Under established law, this supports the Yankees’ right to confidentiality required by the Commissioner of Baseball.” Also: &gt; Rakoff wrote that “much of the letter’s contents have already been revealed in the 2017 Press Release.” And let's not forget, the Yankees did get effectively slapped on the wrist by MLB. We know the general situation but I can understand that the actual letter is a bit more embarrassing, perhaps with names and tactics. That could be damaging to their reputation in the most general of senses.
The plantiffs appealed.
I was confused about rejecting the proposal and then saying "Do what you want", but /u/pokupokupoku helped me understand.
Also baseball is not a dying sport. Oft stated, but no evidence.
Get on the 'Cord. Lots of activity tonight.
Now, some quotes: "*I think I should sleep in the basement tonight. It's nice and cold.*" ~ /u/pamandd the /r/NYYankees vampire I guess? " *'Ow a wall' x20* -/u/pamandd" ~ /u/azk3000 and his MK8 commentary "*Some say /u/ajdragoon is still falling through the atmosphere on 200cc Rainbow Road to this day.*" ~ /u/corgionfire (Hey, I'm just trying to catch up with that Judge HR ball)
Me today: **YESSSSS THE PREM!!!** Me Friday at ~7pm probably: Screw this shit they should have just canceled the season. Me both days and always: Fuck the Premier League Red Sox!
Are you on a time travel adventure?
I think, when you’re correct and strongly worded but reasonable, you’re not being a **K**aren. Just a **K**ambos.
[Somehow I missed this yesterday. ](https://www.mlbtraderumors.com/2020/06/player-pitching-coach-test-positive-for-coronavirus.html) As a reminder, we’re still in a pandemic, and even after/if the players and league come to some ashes of an agreement this whole thing still needs to be considered.
Already we all, indeed.
Those names...are those esports handles?
&gt; Where my sportz at THE PREM RESTARTS THIS WEEK!!! ^...along ^with ^my ^sports ^induced ^misery ^probably. 🥏🥏🥏
That would totally get me showing up places like 15 minutes early. I fuckin’ hate birthday spiels at restaurants, haha. I was betrayed by my family when I was younger and I’ll never forget... EDIT: Ok, so the story. I was turning 8 or 9 or something, one of those ages. Family took me out to birthday lunch. I pretty much begged them to not tell the restaurant it was my birthday, and my mom and aunt just unconvincingly were like "Suuuure, we won't!" over and over again. Even after my mom blatantly got up to flag a manager down. And then it happened: a goddamn singing birthday train of staff who made me wear this giant green cowboy hat as they made me hula-hoop in front of the entire damn restaurant. It was practically hazing. My mom after: "Oops! Imagine that!"
Is this an AIRPLANES! game? It's also not a damn trailer if there's no gameplay.
How do I nominate you for a Grammy.
I just-- Like, why even make that comment? Is his ego really getting that damaged by you wearing a mask? Who does your mask wearing hurt? ffs
QOTW and it's only Monday.
If I understand correctly playoffs are a separate thing altogether and Manfred can’t order them.
Look at this guy, baseball's burning and he's complaining about his ~~Tinder~~ "professional" pic.
Which is why you use your professional work pic! I’ve never done any of this, I just wanted to drag the convo full circle. My work here is done. Besides, all you need for a good tinder pic is a puppy anyway.
Yeah but have any of us aged for the better over the past mental decade? 2017 is practically the last days of The Before Times. It’s acceptable.
Because facebook and twitter are cesspools of the "common knowledge", whereas you're probably somewhat informed on the subject if you take the time to regularly post on baseball subreddits.
American sports are an old boys billionaires club where once you're in you're in forever. As a result their allegiance is to themselves first, the sport second. Or third. Or tenth. Soccer owners certainly aren't friends outside of working for the best tv deals. EDIT: Also, haha, weaker teams keep payroll down because they actually HAVE to (i.e. if we spend this much we will literally go bankrupt) and not because someone wants to save for a new summer home.
What's an Aubrey Huff. EDIT: UGH the responses are literal cancer.
Hal is still shell-shocked from the Cole contract.
Thanks for the NSFW label. Happy I wasn't on a zoom call when I opened that.
I will fight you people over this, and over the definitions of cookies/crackers/biscuits.
Capitalism.
But that's what I'm saying though. Gentrification is setting (has set?) in, and a lot of the overt awfulness that was super prevalent a few decades ago is being pushed out of the region/city center. Even happening in parts of Southie which shocks everyone. Can't speak for Dorchester or JP or Roxbury and the like. Nor can I speak for the rest of MA, because oh boy, this state has some *places.* Disclaimer: I'm not talking about systemic racism, which obviously still exists everywhere.
Isn't this on the verge of falling through? For the good of us all, please fall through.
I gotta watch the Prem. Hope Arsenal gets absolutely flattened. Also you forgot about Villa and Sheffield!
Oh. Probably Juve and City then.
I WILL NOT TAKE THIS BAIT. ^(^Although ^I ^really ^want ^to ^and ^this ^is ^taking ^all ^my ^self-control.)
Well this is unexpected.
There *are* a lot of American Spurs supporters, and it's not clear why since we...^we ^haven't ^won ^anything ^recently... But somehow it's a big and passionate community. Chelsea's about to get a giant American bandwagon though, with Pulisic joining their evil ranks Wolves are a good pick! What a shock they've given to the top of the table.
Premier League players all wearing "Black Lives Matter" instead of their names on the back of their jerseys, it was mentioned in the pregame dedication, and they all took a knee before kickoff. This is in England. Meanwhile, in the NFL...
Only the new CBA could save us from this long-term.
I dunno, seems like a league thing thus far: &gt; The league also offered a universal DH — something the union had sought in 2011 and ’16 collective-bargaining negotiations — for the next two seasons. In addition, the proposal included a $25 million postseason pool, $33 million in salary relief from the $170 million advance the players received and participation in a $10 million joint fund for social justice. **In return, the league asked the union to consent to expanded playoffs in both 2020 and ’21** and also waive its right to field a grievance over scheduling.
I don't know a thing about wrestling but I do know my memes. So I declare that this counts.
&gt; Also forgot to give you my fav wrestling moment. /u/HungJudge don't think I won't get my revenge for this.
&gt; Is this dispelling the rumor that the virus is less potent in sunlight? Australia already did this, dammit! (General comment, not pointed at you, Cent). Cake cat looks better than real cat tbh. Also cake cat isn't secretly plotting to kill me.
No. It’s just getting more and more high school: https://www.mlbtraderumors.com/2020/06/manfred-this-needs-to-be-over.html This is like the trade deadline but infinitely stupider.
You and /u/HungJudge are sure into your shapes.
... ... ... Hey everyone, just your regular reminder that /u/Yankee_Clipper_ supports the Red Sox.
Stay inside; we'll all ship you supplies.
Also a derisive term the British called the colonists, before that. Reclaimed to just mean an American.
Yeah apparently certain owners had to get their arms twisted to agree to 60, so it probably won’t be that easy.
#GOD DAMMIT Whatever. Dammit Dier, dammit. Bruno Fernandes is best friends with Alex Bregman.
Despite what u/HungJudge may say (he’s a modest lad) he loves all frisbees in all contexts, so don’t hold back.
See, give him an inch and he runs with it. The jersey ads and expanded playoffs and runners on 2nd are here to stay if implemented. Which is why I don’t want any of it.
Hopefully. And I don’t say that happily either. This timeline sucks, dude.
This is of the same bad-faith stuff as stupid riders in congressional bills.
😐
Whoa now let’s not get carried away.
ajdragoon Saturdays and jddrewtyler Sundays. I could get used to this. Happy Fathers Day to all the /r/NYYankees dads!
The players changed their mind re: voting. [Per Nightengale](https://twitter.com/BNightengale): &gt; There was no vote taken today by the players with the recent outbreak of COVID-19 potentially changing the dynamics of #MLB's 60-game proposal. &gt; The #MLB proposal remains for 60 games but spring training likely would be pushed back to the June 29-July 4 week, with hopes of starting the season around July 24-27. Per MLBTR: &gt; While no vote will take place today, [bitmoji] reports that MLB is “willing to make a couple changes” to its 60-game proposal to facilitate an agreement with the players. One such change, as reported by ESPN’s Jeff Passan: **if a full season isn’t played this year, MLB offers to cancel the expanded playoff format and the universal DH rule in the 2021 season.** Such a provision would prevent the deal from leaning too far in the owners’ favor should the COVID-19 pandemic force the cancellation of the 2020 season.
Hey, I won't necessarily have a strong opinion. It's simple: Woolwich, Prem Red Sox, fuckchelsea = FUCK 'EM; OIL MONEY = Bah; United = eh; West Ham = lol. Everyone else, depends on the situation. I'm even generally okay with Leicester (except for 2016...), Everton, and Wolves! Folks I think we need to be real with ourselves: no matter what happens, we ain't getting a season this year. At most we'll get a weird condensed almost tournament sort of thing, because I refuse to call at most two months of games "A season". As for my personal opinion on this...we all love baseball and the Yankees and Aaron Judge (yes), and not having any of it this year feels unfathomable, but I'd prefer the national attention stay loser focused on beating the global pandemic (that could very well become an American epidemic at this rate).
Uh, yes. “Yes” is what I said about Aaron Judge. What else is there to say? He’s our hero and champion and will take us to the promised land once again. A travesty how his MVP and World Series appearances were stolen from him by a cheater. newbike07’s favorite beer is Coors Light. Hopefully, no matter what happens in 2020, he’ll get plenty of chances to get ALL THE RINGS.
GOOD MAN Britney is a great performer. Re: songs alone, she’s better with the more gimmicky? Is that the word? and fast-paced stuff like the Crazy Stop Remix and Toxic. But slow ballads are like ehhhhhh.
OH BUDDY Tomorrow, and tomorrow, and tomorrow, creeps in this petty pace from day to day, to the last syllable of recorded time; and all our yesterdays have lighted fools the way to dusty death. Out, out, brief candle! Life's but a walking shadow, a poor player, that struts and frets his hour upon the stage, and then is heard no more. It is a tale told by an idiot named newbike07 who eats pasta with a spoon, full of sound and fury, signifying nothing.
Advanced time measurement systems finally gaining prominence.
&gt; 4:27pm: The vote is taking place right now, per Jon Heyman of MLB Network (via Twitter).
Gonna take what u/archisoft said in the Discord: &gt; They [The players] do not want to make expanded playoff concessions because the 2020 season is not guaranteed. So they could make the concession and still have the season COVID cancelled. Not getting paid in return the owners get 2021. &gt; The owners don't want to give in to universal DH without the expanded playoffs. Both are CBA issues. &gt; So the players will keep their grievance, let the owners either cancel or have a regular 50 game season with no special rules.
I could imagine them playing but not at full effort. I know baseball is their job and there’s pride in doing it well, but the circumstances are awkward here. And the health situation further complicates things.
&gt; this sham season is going to be very illegitimate. Hence my unpopular comment the other day about this not being a season (assuming it gets fully played). It’s wrong to think of this as an ordinary campaign *with a few caveats*. If MLB cared about its product (lololol 😢) it would have taken the MLS approach and branded this as something UNIQUE and EXCITING given the circumstances. Because *it is*. Put it into its own category and avoid this whole legitimacy thing altogether. Steal my “MLB Sprint” term as quickly as the Astros stole signs, Manfred. You want your marketing? There’s your marketing.
To be clear, I was not a fan of any of that gimmicky bullshit Manfred was pushing. You can expand the game’s appeal by just marketing what we have better. A short/fast/sprint version of a season is a perfect opportunity for that.
Yes, but made of spam that's sat out in the sun for too long.
If this is allowed to happen it will stay around forever. We must prevent this at all costs.
Some family of birds, I think.
Health and safety stuff should have been the first thing done, dammit.
Why are you the way you are.
Yeah I definitely associate her with the 90s. It's okay to embrace your boomerness, dude. Now excuse me, I'm in the middle of listening to this DMB album.
These are so wholesome. And also steamy.
This is a bit unbelievable given the latest pandemic statistics in the US. The owners really will sacrifice us all to regain whatever lost revenue they can: &gt; **Major League Baseball will allow its teams to decide whether they’ll allow fans in the stands this season** “based on local, state ordinances and procedures,” Henry Schulman of the San Francisco Chronicle tweets [...]. Red Sox president Sam Kennedy said “it’s a possibility” that Fenway Park will be able to host fans sometime this year. **Kennedy added “there are clubs around Major League Baseball that are anticipating having fans in their ballparks,”** though it remains to be seen whether that will prove to be wishful thinking. This is a bit hilarious given the latest Marlins fandom statistics in FL. The mayor will...you know, I don’t even know what the mayor is thinking. Does he know? &gt; It may be a different story for the Marlins, as **Miami-Dade Mayor Carlos A. Gimenez told Andy Slater of Fox Sports 640 that he’ll at least consider allowing spectators at their stadium.** https://www.mlbtraderumors.com/2020/06/quick-hits-fans-in-stands-red-sox-marlins-cardinals.html
Absolutely agreed. And/or a home run derby akin to a penalty shootout in soccer.
NiceK. Give us live updates of the downvotes you need to maintain it.
SHIT. We must get to work!
Could have had baseball starting up in May if this country took the pandemic seriously from the start.
Canes isn’t fast food. It’s once-every-few-months-and-then-I-dont-eat-for-24-hours food.
Good point. But I was also thinking... I could get the four piece and turn it into *one* meal. HMMM... 🤔
This is a wholesome post.
Oh man, the lost Horcrux!
Well players only get big contracts with the understanding they’ll be perfect, duh.
Praise be 🙏🏾 Derek Jeter retired and then [...] the ‘Rona happened. Just pointing out the facts here folks.
Yes. Because I’M gonna marry her first. Err, first after her current husband.
Need more water between drinks!
And with that purchase of Ardbeg's Wee Beastie, 8 of 9 active Islay distilleries are represented in my collection. And really, it should be 8 of 8 since [Ardnahoe is only a year old](https://www.masterofmalt.com/blog/post/ardnahoe-a-closer-look-at-islays-newest-distillery.aspx). Whisky tasting at my place, I suppose.
Didn’t care much for those when I had them over there. Besides, I’m intrigued by having the gall to put on a 5-year age statement.
Shh shh we don't have to like the same things. Besides this just means more in the world for you.
Agreed. And yours is objectively *wrong* OHHHH SNAP!
&gt; American Airlines will start booking flights to full capacity next week, **ending any effort** to promote social distancing on its planes Oh there is some shade in that wording, haha. But like, how many people want to fly now anyway?
&gt; **As if you needed any more profit that** corporations were behind the effort to stop the quarantine as early as possible. This is a good Freudian slip.
Yeah this place was pretty well managed. Tables like 10 ft apart; we weren't close to anyone. The waiter still came by though which I thought was weird. Online ordering and a walk-up window would make more sense. Payment was via app. Yeah, if this is the new norm for a few more months *crosses fingers* it's acceptable. ...Although the 1.5 hour time limit kinda sucks. Ah well, it is what it is.
And yet for some reason *I’m* the r/NYYankees sugar daddy. Do you see this u/pokupokupoku?
This is a mildly cool take.
Your review makes me think it will go down as one of the most important games in terms of *divisiveness*, because I have heard very different strong opinions about it. You know where I stand. Additionally I def don’t need a story of that mood during these of all times.
[This is one of my favorite shirts](https://www.baseballism.com/collections/t-shirts/products/6432) because it's cheekily subtle, which is how I like my graphic tees. Then I wear it, and I'm out and about and wondering why everyone's staring at me (*because of my dashing good looks amirite. Or wait oh shit is my fly open...?*), and I realize OH because my shirt reads like complete gibberish, to non-baseball fans especially. Hope everyone's having a good Sunday. We're having a wave of thunderstorms, which is cool. Less cool: this hangover, but that's entirely my fault for not having any water last night and going to bed at 330am.
Trying a new WFH thing: moved all my work stuff out of my room and into the living room to have a quasi-office. Work/life separation was becoming blurred and I didn’t like it. Also starting a new program so I need to fortify the work ethic. A new program that immediately dropped three meetings on my calendar this morning, with two at lunchtime... :-/
I’m fairly certain my meeting organizers are in real people time. CST at worst.
MAN My mind is on this long weekend but some serious deadlines and meetings stand in the way. *Must keep swimming*
This would trigger so many people. Let’s do it.
Effectively. Have exclusive access to a place with a full rack and bench. Which is definitely better than nothing, but I can’t do heavy weight. Worst part is I’m stubborn and try anyway, and then I remember why I always use a spotter (safety of course, and because repeated solo lift-offs almost always result in shoulder tendinitis for me). But hey, just gotta maintain something until the world heals itself I guess.
On one hand, cool see you soon. But on the other hand, I cannot think of anything more contrary to social distancing than spotting.
Congrats! I’m an asthmatic sprinter so this might as well be a marathon to me. Nice work!
Sometimes I think you’re the RNGesus of miscellaneous takes.
Feel free! ...but alas it’s not my creation haha. C’mon you play games. Surely you’ve prayed at the altar of RNGesus before. Whether to get good ammo or wish come CPU opponent picks the easier attacks.
Congrats, ninja. Now sneak into the Astros’ vault and secretly vanish their stolen “hunk of metal”.
I was gonna 😬 this one because of the cannibal vibes but then you did this: &gt; They're perfect. My parents sadly still don't understand my love with Aaron Judge. They bagel me. And all is forgiven.
Source? I need to cancel my normal plan today then, huh.
"Are you kiddin' me?! If I was making that much money to throw a baseball my ass would be on that field every day! I could just BUY a coronavirus cure for my newborn and recovering wife! Fuckin' pansies nowadays!"
I appreciate your response to this. But seriously. If I don’t want to eat pork why would I be okay with the eeeeeeh’ist part of it? For the record I did not choose these. The breakfast sausage I wanted was apparently sold out so they subbed it with these, which I don’t buy exactly for this reason.
No way man the intestines literally process shit. Yeah it was Amazon Whole Foods delivery. It was partially my fault since they give you an option to select acceptable substitutions, and I apparently paid half attention because my usual has never been sold out. Dammit. On the bright side, the pork innards are easy to peel off!
You all are still doing worlds better than us. Please, you don't want any of this exceptionalism.
Quickly, we must make a recording and send it to YES.
I still think the recent Grocery Karen video was staged. Or rather I need to think that, because I refuse to believe “adults” could be so petty.
I don't understand. It's unethical to see a cute little lamb and *not* wonder what it would be like in your belly. Steak, I admit, I do like. But it's peak delicacy for me: I only have it a few times a year.
I dunno. I think strategies are going to look very different since you're basically throwing teams into the heat of the pennant race, but one where everyone is in it (expect for the Mets, as per usual). It won't be flukey, *per se*. But it will be a different beast.
Now this is a gamble, huh. Do I cancel and buy the reduced rate from scratch, or do I stick with my current plan and hope the reimbursement covers the new rate? Hmm...
