That's nice. You should tell Abbas all about this, so he can back out of the Oslo Accords. Until then, the arrangements made by that agreement are what governs the West Bank. Progress on them coming to a final agreement on borders has been slow. But when that happens, Area C will be further divided. Some of the settlements will become part of Israel proper, some will be evacuated and that land given to the newly-formed Palestinian state. That's the best chance for peace through a two-state solution. Israel and the Palestinian Authority and the vast majority of the world knows that.
Bloody hell, it's like HELLO! Cultural Marxists like Santa need to read the Gulag Archipelago. Maybe that'd teach them to clean their damn room.
Ambassador to the UN, as well.
Also, don't they have hot tub orgies?
Give it to the Syrian regime? So that it can be fought over by a dictator, a dozen militant groups, and ISIS? Fuck that. Syria only controlled it for a short period in the 20th century and used it as an artillery base to launch explosives at civilians.
Your experience on Earth has been vastly different than mine.
The TLDR of fashion is "Look at how much money I have."
&gt; are very kind and generous and are very welcoming of people from different nationalities. Why do foreign workers keep dying and foreign female workers keep getting raped?
The guy having a PhD doesn't mean all his claims are factual, especially when you are pointing to a blog post instead of a peer-reviewed article. And even more so, when his blog is selling books.
You are trying to act scientific when you have really just bought into some blogger's paradigm.
There used to be a Japanese show about the famous samurai Hattori Hanzō. Subsequent seasons were about his descendants in later time periods, played by the same actor. If that name is familiar, you might remember an even later Hattori Hanzō who was a sword maker in Japan, visited by Kill Bill's The Bride.
He was President *during* the 1979 revolution, but Carter didn't have much to do with it. There were a lot of different groups in Iran who wanted to change the Shah. The revolution could have gone a lot of ways, it's unfortunate that the Mullahs were able to set up a theocracy. That wasn't what everyone wanted.
&gt; 1-western-style-democratic-state This is good idealism, but just won't work. At least not any time soon. Why not have the whole world be one democratic state? Get the dolphins in on this, too. Look at the arrangements in Lebanon or Northern Ireland. Both contain power-sharing between the ethno-religious groups. There isn't open voting. There are other examples. Of course it'd be nice if there were no borders and no tribes. That isn't where our species is at right now. Anyone serious about a one-state solution at least acknowledges that it has to be bi-national (like NI, Lebanon is tri-national). I suspect anyone advocating a completely open state is not concerned with minority rights.
The fact you understand English well strongly suggests you have a privileged background. I've been to enough of the 3rd world to know that rich in a poor country isn't that different from rich in a rich country.
&gt; My personal belief is that it’s said in English because it rhymes. Bliz can usually be counted on to cut through the BS. With that said, an academic speaking at the UN needs to be more careful with his words than a slacktivist college student yelling at Hillel members. Especially because he was defending the use of violence. Knowing that terrorism (attacks on civilians) has been a major part of Palestinian nationalism for decades, his support of violent "resistance" was very irresponsible. His failure to support a two-state solution or condemn terrorism is a deafening silence.
What about the pregnant ones?
Putin can just do little land grabs here and there. If you really want vast swathes of Eastern Europe, you need a World War.
NASA is full of Satanic pedophiles. I'm just now learning about how 9/11 was pulled off by NASA. It makes my blood boil when I think about how I was sent to Iraq just to steal jet fuel for those "space" cadets.
Hatred for NASA?
The settlements are only built in Area C, which is the part of the West Bank that is under Israeli control. After the Oslo Accords, Israel evacuated part of the West Bank so that the Palestinian Authority could take control of it. Since then, the PA controlled areas have been growing. So while the Israeli population in Area C is growing, the actual size of Area C has repeatedly shrunk. Once Israel and the PA agree to a final border, Area C will shrink even more to provide extra land for the Palestinian state.
The population of settlements is growing, but [they are built in an increasingly smaller part of the West Bank](https://www.reddit.com/r/worldnews/comments/a2brzx/israeli_police_recommend_indicting_the_netanyahus/eaxbwaz/?context=0). The Palestinian Authority is the one expanding in size, not Israel.
Don't eat the food at a 7/11 unless you are in Japan.
When me and the lady went to Japan, we decided to eat one cheap, quick breakfast and lunch with a moderately-priced sit down dinner every day. Pretty soon it was 7/11 two to three times a day.
You say what I said is wrong, so point out just one error. Honestly, I'd like to hear it. &gt; I’m Jewish, dude. That's nice. I lived in several Middle Eastern countries and have studied the region extensively.
&gt; Okay, I'll do that. Good faith debunk of you said. Sourced and all, admittance of mistakes on my part included. &gt; &gt; I'll do that somewhere tomorrow, ping me if I forget. I look forward to it.
But why would he say it? Did one of the guys in the Trade Federation go "the droid wars have begun"?
It is cannon that Webster from the sitcom Webster lives in the Star Trek TNG universe. [source](https://trekcore.com/blog/2015/03/tng-webster-crossover/)
Okay, the men. But what about the women and the children?
90's internet was so wild. Rule #1: Never tell anyone your name. Nowadays, I think you're a weirdo if your email address isn't FirstNameLastName@NotSomethingStupid.com
Priests used to have families and would pass on their position and wealth to their children. The Church banned marriage so that they'd get the inheritance and get to appoint people themselves. All the other shit grew out of that. Basically, the Church would rather see children raped then their wallet.
I'd lick Catherine Zeta Jone's asshole for leprosy.
Marines didn't strike me as dumb. I do tend to think they have the most jingoistic lower enlisted.
Check the user name.
It's important to not touch your eyes. Pink eye is no joke.
Did you see his speech? He specifically defends the use of violence, calling it "resistance." Given that terrorism is such a big part of Palestinian nationalism, his failure to specify what kind of violence as well as his use of the euphemism "resistance" was irresponsible at best.
I for one love to see the progress in society that now a white *woman* can play the lead with an older black male sidekick.
Fun Fact: If you have multiple incognito tabs open, you can X them out without it asking "You sure you want to close 69 tabs?"
I liked the first half, but the second half got messy.
He eventually lost the Christmas spirit and became a dick again. The memory of how traumaized he'd been by the ghosts encourages him to start a ghost elimination business.
I'm not denying that the CIA was involved. But they wouldn't be able to pay enough people to cause the mass demonstrations necessary for the coup. Additionally, it was the military that actually arrested him, and the Shah that formally deposed him. Mossadegh was only elected to nationalize the oil. Once he did that, he had no more cards in his hands. He also started pissing off lots of sectors of society, including influential people like clerics, large land owners, and labor union leaders. The worst was was when he staged a *fake* referendum and threw out the Parliament. That isn't "stronger and stronger measures, that is despotism. Iran had suffered numerous coups in that period of history. Two prime ministers had been assassinated in the decade before Mossadegh took power. It was a turbulent time. The CIA helped the storm grow, but they don't have a weather control machine.
It's pretty big, though they are occupying parts of Balochistan and Kurdistan.
Soccer is an abbreviation of "association football" and is a nickname for football recognized around the world.
"He has only forbidden to you dead animals, blood, the flesh of swine (pork), and that which has been dedicated to other than Allah. But whoever is forced [by necessity], neither desiring [it] nor transgressing [its limit], there is no sin upon him"
"Son, did you steal a $5 bill from my wallet?" "Yes dad, but I had to give it to Jeanie so she wouldn't tell everyone about how we kissed because I'm still dating Katie and everyone knows Jeanie kisses all the fellas." "Okay son, but next time have a lawyer pay off your kissing friends so that it is easier to deny it later."
I bow to your superior Eddie Murphy knowledge.
Of course, I'm a ball hog.
South Park made fun of it. A lot of Internet memes come from South Park.
Train all day, eat elk meat by night, all day!
Ol' Joggin Goggins
&gt; "I never said I do not believe in God. What I said is your God is stupid, mine has a lot of common sense." My God can beat up your God.
Noam Chomsky on [war crimes by all post-WWII Presidents.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NdD9uSrNFT4)
And it's false to say "penguins live in Antarctica" because one of them swam to Chile.
Some restaurants have unlimited beverage bars. You go over there, get a soda. Then you drink it and think "I'll try a different soda. I'm not usually a Sprite guy, but WTF. One price, right?" and before you know it, you are crying in the shower.
If your parents can afford an international vacation, they can afford you throwing your underwear away.
You didn't like Farnum's Freehold? That shit is classic! As for the unedited Stranger, the biggest part cut is the threesome. That is all I'm gonna say.
I blame Tinder.
Long describes using a gravity control switch on board a spaceship to aid child birth. I have little doubt this far-reaching prediction will some day come true.
“Whenever women have insisted on absolute equality with men, they have invariably wound up with the dirty end of the stick. What they are and what they can do makes them superior to men, and their proper tactic is to demand special privileges, all the traffic will bear. They should never settle merely for equality. **For women, "equality" is a disaster.**” That isn't feminism. It is patronizing patriarchy.
I blame The Last Jedi for this garbage.
Most girls are too busy sucking dicks while they make dinner.
Maybe with that attitude.
He's been beloved by millions for going on 30 years. He's not a normal human anymore. And he likes that
Fuck yeah!! Lock her up!! Lock her up!! But not him or Ivanka, just lock *her* up!!
Yeah, Dragon Ball Z is so boring.
I don't think he's actually knowledgeable about the region. Someone can be pro-Israel and still not know much about things, just like Roger Waters doesn't now anything but is triumphed by the pro-Palestinian crowd.
UN peacekeepers suck at keeping peace. They also rape and prostitute children.
Holy shit, that was her! She was never Harrison Ford-big, but she had some interesting roles.
Tofu has such a bad reputation in the West as food for hippy vegans. In actuality, fresh and correctly cooked tofu is amazing. If weight-lifters discover tofu, they'd love it. Such a great source of protein without fat.
Trey said something like "Randy used to be me doing an impression of my dad. Now that's just how I talk."
Brian Boitano is fucking OP. I think, like Superman, he is as powerful as he needs to be.
He pay people to whack a guy, off a guy, whack off a guy, shit in his mouth, everything.
You wanna move in? You can move in, but you gotta fuck me.
I had to do several years in the army to pay for school. I would have much rather just shit in a guy's mouth a few times.
A lot of people confuse those two. Back when John Adams died, a lot of people were posting about John *Quincy* Adams on Facebook.
Life Day is a special time. I like to fire up by VR booth and take in some entertainment.
&gt; Israel ignored the elections No, Fatah ignored the elections and it resulted in the Palestinian civil war. &gt; Instead they increased the blockades There was no blockade until *after* Hamas seized control of the Gaza Strip and started attacking civilians. &gt; the Palestinians have lived among Christians Uh-huh. I was talking about Hamas, who are very antagonistic towards non-Sunni Muslims. They are literally theocratic fascists. &gt; Israel keeps moving settlers into the West Bank. Only into Area C. That is the Israeli controlled section of the West Bank, as per the Oslo Accords. Area C is shrinking, with Israel voluntarily giving up pieces of it to the Palestinian Authority. Only the PA and Israel agree on a final border, Israel will trade even more land for peace. Some settlements will be on the Israeli side of the border, the rest will be evacuated the way Israel evacuated settlements in Sinai to make peace with Egypt.
Nice perspective work. I hope we get to see more.
"It's time, for the Jedi, to end." But my favorite trailer fuckery is how they fit Darth Vader's breathing into the end of the Rogue One trailer.
Goodbye.
X
I like this one, so wholesome.
The Coyote series by Allan Steele is really excellent. A clash of low-tech and hi-tech colonies.
And you call it tea, earl grey, hot even though it's obviously replicated.
Corn Pone? Is that when Vulcans go crazy?
Medical personnel are an abomination to the Blood God. Those who heal are weak and wasteful of scalpels. Any effort made toward healing is effort better used for killing. A warrior suffering gangrenous wounds is best thrown at the enemy as cannon fodder, for there are no invalids in the Blood God's army, and his beds are only used for sleeping, eating, and maybe building a little fort.
Such a generic rock band for their generic beach party.
Our convict ancestors would be ashamed!
He was arguably the most popular host of SNL's Weekend Update (a precursor to Jon Stewart's Daily Show). He regularly attacked 90's PC culture.
In the post you reference, there is a 6'4'' individual who has a long history of strength training and who competed on the Australian men's Olympic handball team. It isn't "clearly transphobic" to debate if that individual should compete in the contact sport of Australian-rules football (basically rugby).
&gt; I think that's right. She's still as strong as a man, and usually men are far stronger that women. It would be unfair for the opposing team to face her. That's a fairly typical comment near the top. Do you consider that "bashing her?" [Here is a comment I made](https://np.reddit.com/r/JoeRogan/comments/a43mpg/thats_not_a_trap_thats_an_ambush/ebcohw5/?context=3) admonishing another user for calling her "he" and it was heavily upvoted and led to further debate of the issue of pronouns.
So thinking that athletic safety is important makes me a terf? If I say 9 year olds shouldn't be allowed to cut their dicks off, does that make me a transphobe, too?
I used to bullseye womprats in my t-16.
What administration are you talking about? All four major Palestinian political parties support terrorism. They've all done attacks in the past and two of them (Hamas and Islamic Jihad) continue to try to kill Israeli civilians.
&gt; it is my impression that none of them will survive. This kind of genocidal talk used to be quite common in the Arab League. Today, it is mostly just extremist groups like Hamas that still use that language.
P
R
He sells cars. There is plenty of room for gradual corruption, daily manipulation, and scheming, all in the name of money. He also gets insulted and and disgraced by his father in law. If his wife is regularly taking her father's side, that can create enough resentment that he decides to take his hated father in law's money and daughter. Even though he always thought she was a super lady.
He's honestly too scared to try any crime worse than tricking car buyers into paying too much for a Toyota Corolla. If he'd done any kind of real crime in the past, I feel he'd have been more experienced in the whole caper business.
I guess he means a disco...
This isn't true. India is developing, especially in terms of sanitation. But it is a big country. They haven't developed their manufacturing as much as China, which I place mostly on China's about face towards capitalism in the 80's and 90's, compared with India still being mired by socialism.
He said poverty is getting worse, which isn't true. Some places are developing faster than others, but things are getting better for India. Just not as fast as China.
Israel isn't a fundamentalist state. It has about as much state religion as Sweden or Japan.
The Arab-Israeli conflict is rough and unfortunately people die. But Israel has made peace with every party that has approached it (Egypt, Jordan, and the PLO/Fatah).
I like his music, but he doesn't know anything about politics. He started championing Palestinian nationalism because of a young woman he wanted to impress.
Israel has only given away land since 1988. For example, the massive Sinai Peninsula was returned to Egypt for a peace treaty. In the 90's, Israel have all of Gaza and part of the West Bank to the Palestinian Authority through the Oslo Accords. Israel's part of the West Bank has been shrinking since then, with the Palestinian Authority now controlling 40% of the West Bank. The PA will get even more once they and Israel agree on a final border.
The proper way to treat hypothermia is to rip the other person's wet clothes off and get in a sleeping back with them, using your body heat to return them to normal temperature. A person with hypothermia has lost the ability to regulate their own body temp. Too often, a person will be heated up so quick they then enter into *hyper*thermia, or over-heating. Likewise, dumping ice cold water on a person with hyperthermia will likely give them hypothermia. So you gotta be gentle and spoon with the naked person in a sleeping bag to raise their temperature to a normal level so their body can again regulate their temp. Kissing is optional.
No, the treaties have kept peace. Israel only builds in Area C of the West Bank, which is the area under its control as per the Oslo Accords. The Palestinian Authority has control of Areas A and B, where there is zero Israelis. And Israel has been voluntarily *shrinking* Area C. While its population grows, the area is shrinking, making more space for the Palestinian Authority to develop what will someday be a Palestinian state. Oslo is slow, but working.
I prefer the monkey civil war bit.
That's pretty fucked up, how you fetishize terrorism. The peace between Israel and Egypt, Jordan, and the Palestinian Authority has held. The war between Hamas and Israel/Egypt is a source of misery. You may find Hamas' extremism exciting, but the civilians on all sides over there do not.
That shit brought all the boys to the yard.
&gt; The risks an chanllenges are plenty. I don't know them yet. I'll deal with them one after another, when time comes. Now I have to deal with the kickstarter form. Just give me the money now and I'll work shit out later.
Sure, but sword-to-sword combat wouldn't be a big thing. A cavalry saber is heavy and designed for mounted whacking.
Oooooh, he lied to us through song!
I'm saying the Middle East is historically a bad place for minorities.
Scientology usually releases a "don't trust this guy" video about their enemies on YouTube, but I couldn't find one about Louis. He's golden!
Guys, we are all gonna wear bananas on our heads.
So does Re
It's a guy whose plane was shot up several times. He never stopped going on missions over enemy territory.
Art.
How did she hear Leia and not Leah?
That applies to almost everything that is cool.
You mean like how the Senate GOP wouldn't let Obama appoint a new judge? Such a sleazeball move, but people have largely forgotten.
I wouldn't be surprised if sharks have genocided a few species.
I blame the parents.
In case a flying squirrel or electric eel is dissin' ya fly girl.
Avatar is probably the most aggressively forgettable. For a film that grossed so much, can you see it having any effect on the culture?
He's the Kool-Aid man of rap music.
This entire sub has become disturbing lately.
I appreciate the animators showing us that no one actually died from that grenade hitting the oil barrel they were hiding behind.
My team is way ahead of the weather machine and germ warfare divisions.
Yes, once.
I think you underestimate how suicidal Rick is.
The wall built in response to hundreds of suicide bombers? No, the village isn't near that wall. It is near the town of Tubas, where there are plenty of classrooms. But they decided to build illegally in a place not zoned for construction, so they could get juicy headlines.
The city of Jaffa is really nice. It's predominately Arab but with a modern Jewish community, many of them artists and bohemians. I'm biased towards secularism, but I think the Tel Aviv-Jaffa area shows how the future can be peaceful and prosperous. Haifa is similar.
Yeah, I liked Hamill's performance even if I didn't like Luke's portrayal.
There is neither a wall nor settlements near Tubas. I'm not sure where you get your information from.
While criticism of the Israeli government isn't antisemitic, you can see from the above poster that there *are* some antisemites out there.
Does the holocaust shield them from the tens of thousands of missiles launched at Israeli civilians? What about the hundreds of suicide bombers and other attacks?
I just went through the thread and found almost a dozen people saying sarcastic "or else you'll be called an antisemite!" style comments and absolutely zero people actually calling anyone an antisemite. I spend a fair amount of time on r/worldnews and this is my general experience.
If you actually did that, you'd have seen far more people using the word the way you did. Like the top comment in the thread. Sarcastic "I'll be called an antisemite!" exclamations and preemptive strikes far outnumber anyone actually calling someone else antisemitic.
It was none I saw from reading the thread. You said you only found some by searching through buried comments (and they look like sarcasm anyway).
He said that hoping to cleanse all the Jews from the area is antisemitic, and of course it is.
Heh, you said buttress.
Yes, they absolutely were. Pre-19th century Arab communities enacted pogroms against Jews, Christians, Druze, and other minorities.
Not just Jews. There has been pogroms in the Middle East against Druze, Kurds, Bahai, Shia, Christians, Africans, and a variety of other minority groups. Really, the Middle East just has a minority rights issue and has for a very long time.
Don't just single out Arabs. Iran and Turkey also have terrible minority rights issues.
So you are aware that Israel and most other countries don't officially recognize the Armenian genocide to avoid offending Turkey, and yet you use that as evidence of some kind of victimhood project anyway?
Paul Manafort, a campaign manager for Trump, made his living in the 80's by helping dictators receive American military aid. The then Philippines dictator Ferdinand Marcos handed Manafort a briefcase with millions of dollars in exchange for Manafort's help in getting President Reagan's support for his failing regime. Manafort just kind of disappeared with the briefcase.
I think he is talking about the breakaway cults that still practice polygamy, often with teenage girls.
The British-French borders are obsolete. Syria has no legitimate claim on the land just because France thought it should have it in the 1920's.
&gt; I still do not know airforce rank tbh Count the stripes and add one. A rocker is a 7. Two is 8 and three is 9. Of course the rockers are upside down and the flags are backwards, but that's the air force way.
He's the real Aquaman.
The point of this sub is exactly the fact that big cities have ugly sides. We aren't trying to accurately represent a typical neighborhood, but rather the worst that urban humanity has to offer.
Isn't calling the area "the West Bank" supportive of the Jordanian army's conquest in 1948? The Jordanian army also ethnically cleansed all Jews (including ancient Middle Eastern Jewish communities) and even destroyed synagogues and graves to try to remove any Jewish connection to the land they seized. But the Jordanian army's occupation was only 19 years. Is that enough to claim eternal privilege to the area? Jordan dropped their claim to the land in the early 90's, it's now been unclaimed by Jordan longer than it was claimed.
When did OP say all of Cairo looks like this?
Nobody installed Israel. The UN tried to create both an Arab and Jewish state, but the Arab leaders rejected this plan. The Jews had to declare a state themselves and then defend it from Arab invasion.
Friendly fire is an unfortunate reality of war.
Maybe not hate speech, but this is definitely soapboxing.
Malaysia holds up ethnic Malay on a higher level than others, namely the native-born Indian and Chinese populations. Race and religion are on the ID cards and carry higher status if one is an ethnic Malay, with a variety of financial, political, and social advantages codified in law.
100%?
What was with that long pause?
I've been to Egypt and loved the country and people. A lot of Cairo does look like that, though.
&gt; Smuggling medical goods? They were mostly carrying cement. &gt; The goods weren't going to Hamas Hamas is the government there. They'd seize all goods. &gt; The contents would be useless to Hamas Hamas would use the cement to build smuggling tunnels and tunnels to infiltrate into Israel, so they can murder civilians. &gt; That would mean handing things over to the Israelis first and if you do that, nothing ever makes it to Palestinians. It *did* go through the Israelis and all of the legitimate aid *did* make it to the Palestinians. Israel sends truckloads of food, water, and medical aid to Gaza literally every single day. &gt; But hey, don't address the MANY other things I listed It was wrong information. For example, you said Egyptian ships would have Arabic written on the side, but that is false. &gt; the King David hotel The bombing of the hotel was wrong. I think [bombing civilians is wrong.](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Shaar_HaNegev_school_bus_attack) Do you?
You should leave the heads on, a lot of the flavor is there. If you cook the shrimp right, you can eat the whole thing.
The look exchanged between the protagonist and the dying seductress when they both saw the police car delivered this message. Here was a black man at a scene with a wounded white woman and a dead black man. What's the story here in a cop's mind? In anyone's mind? This guy shot them both, and the whole white family too. That was the payoff of the earlier scene about the cop wanting his ID. A regular cop isn't in the know about the spoiler spoilers in town. Having the cop be his TSA agent friend ties in with the earlier scenes, giving him a pass to not "call the cops" on the house, but rather go there himself late at night like some kind of crazy person.
Supernintendo Chalmers always struck me as a real uptight guy. Repressed anger? That's not a question, professor.
Okay, so you just kinda feel like it's a bad source without being able to point out why?
The point is there are a half million of them, you shouldn't be stereotyping them as a group.
It is only a fringe minority of the settlers who cause problems (the West Bank Arab population also has Hamas and Islamic Jihad supporters causing problems). The majority of settlers are ordinary people living in suburbs of Jerusalem. And they aren't illegal. They haven't been since the Oslo Accords.
Something is wrong with that general's upper lip.
Especially since he's far less creepy than the original video lets on. He's a regular guy with some kinks, so what?
The point is Israel gave the entire Gaza Strip to the Palestinian Authority and they lost it to extremists after *one election.*
There never were gods in Dark Sun. And most importantly, magic is a thing that drains the life out of people.
&gt; A lot of atheists show signs of racism and homophobia That is why it is important for more atheist/agnostic voices to speak up. We tend to be more supportive of equality than religious voices.
Can we have a proper translation?
It doesn't take much to see that Hamas and Fatah have repeatedly failed to make even the simplest compromises with each other.
In this house we obey the laws of thermodynamics!
I was tapping morse code to the allies!
I lived and worked in Egypt and Kuwait, although I'm well-traveled in the region. The West Bank is perfectly normal outside the Gulf.
You should be criticizing the system, not name-calling a group of people.
You are just restating your allegations. I'm asking for an example, just one, where they "fabricate complete nonsense."
I'm amused and disturbed.
You've presented zero facts.
Use constructive criticism, not blanket name-calling.
Your blanket condemnation contributes nothing. Saying what you say is merely masturbation.
You posted hearsay. You've never read any actual examples to back up your accusations. That's why you can't provide an example.
&gt; I can talk about it till forever Because you have a long list of falsehoods. From example, you bring up Ethiopian Jews. They have the same rights as any other citizen.
If it is too big, you need a permit.
Protesting what?
&gt; The PA has repeatedly and publicly committed to the State of Palestine being "demilitarized". That's not the issue. Then why did you bring it up? Also, the PA has sent mixed messages about demilitarization, often only promising five years of it. &gt; How many sovereign countries exist where all the borders are controlled by a different country? You edited in that word "sovereign" because you realized many regions, principalities, and other functioning systems don't have their own or limited foreign affairs. Zanzibar, KRG, Northern Cyprus, Hong Kong, Northern Ireland and Scotland and Wales and many more. &gt; give that control to a hostile neighbor? Ideally, the situation in the West Bank would be controlled by both Jerusalem and Amman.
Not just local Arabs, but Arabs who emigrated into the Mandate from across the region.
Every place has bigotry. But Israel has the most minority protection of anywhere in the region.
I listed more than just Scotland and Wales. Start with Zanzibar, then maybe Greenland.
Andorra, Monaco, Zanzibar, Macau, and Vatican City.
Don't be silly, coral doesn't launch suicide bombers.
No, because the Kaiser had stolen love. I chased him by standing and walking but he got away.
My children, they need wine!
Better than that guy who spanked me on two non-consecutive occasions.
They already have them. Hamas launched Iranian-built rockets at Tel Aviv that would have killed a lot of people if it weren't for the Iron Dome.
That looks saucy as shit, bro.
Okay, but you'd have to travel to other countries, too. My point is that the WB is typical of the Middle East.
&gt; embarrass the military Didn't that one MOH winner marry Sarah Palin's crazy daughter? The one that was an abstinence advocate who'd had two children out of wedlock?
As well as the novel Stranger In A Strange Land. That could turn all the Wakandans into hippies.
Grant was too drunk to do anything other than attack. His aide de camp's job was to make sure the whiskey and blood flowed.
Your out of state, unlaminated licence is good enough for me.
Milhouse thinks driving the car gives someone authority. Edit: Kirk thinks that sleeping in a car gives him sexual powers.
He didn't try to strip Palestinians of citizenship. The law allows the court to remove citizenship from anyone convicted of treason. But whatever, I guess this guy wants to characterize things for his narrative.
You know the dam story is fake and you also know the white phosporus didn't kill anyone (a few injuries) and yet you say nothing about the poster's blatantly false information because it fits your narrative. You instead attack a source because you know its information is correct. If you have to traffic in lies, what does that say about your cause?
&gt; evidence You've provided no evidence. &gt; defending...[name-calling]...outlets I've not defended anything. I've only asked for evidence of your claims. You have none. You are holding a nothing burger with extra salt.
Israel was founded on land in which Jews were a majority. They didn't want war. Declaring a state on land they legally owned is what triggered an invasion of five Arab armies.
So you agree that you saw him spreading the false dam flooding story and said nothing. As for the WP, I didn't know the Hamas health ministry was reporting 12 deaths in 2008. That's a far cry from "hundreds killed in 2014." In any case, the use of WP for smoke is legal. The International Red Cross said Israel's use was lawful. If HRW disagrees, so be it. Israel sent in ground forces to minimize civilian casualties while still engaging terrorist forces. Risking their own soldiers lives (instead of simply bombing) to minimize Gazan civilian deaths is something Hamas and Islamic Jihad would never do. They purposely try to maximize civilian casualties on both sides. &gt; Chanting "fake news" like a Trump-loving idiot You mean like when you said "camera.org??? LOL!" We both oppose Trump, but you have such a soft spot for Palestinian nationalism that you make excuses for Hamas, a group of actual fascists. &gt; the world knows what you did. What *I* did? There is that bigotry you have. I'm not part of that group of people that you hate. Learn to stop making prejudiced statements.
A
Y
Hong Kong is known as a great place for business because it has an independent judiciary. International companies know they can take issues to court and have them settled fairly. If Beijing takes that away, it will harm Hong Kong's reputation as an Asian business giant.
Religion as a personal thing is fine. Religion as a political thing is vile.
Shit was not perfect in the 60's in Hong Kong. Meanwhile, China was undergoing the Cultural Revolution, which saw death and destruction on a massive scale that China has still not recovered from. There were waves of people jumping into the water, desperate to swim to Hong Kong. Because it'd better to get whacked in the head by a Hong Kong policeman than be tortured and murdered by Red Guard youth gangs.
What about Greenland? Or Vatican City? Or Andorra? Or any number of other states, principalities, and regions? The fact is we don't know what a Palestinian state will be like. Abbas doesn't suggest much and Hamas only wants to destroy Israel.
&gt; Andorrans are independent from Spain and France, even if they don't have an army. OK, we are done here. Thanks for agreeing.
The dog knows.
The original office was invented in 1860 by Arthur Cubicle.
Out of all the people who went from Daily Show correspondent to recognizable actor, he is the least funny.
Mexico and the Caribbean. I guess both identify more as part of Latin America, proving once again that culture and demographics is more important than the "hard geographic cartography" pushed on us by Big Map.
It's like God's Pen ran out of ink.
That's a lot of millions.
Mephitic means foul smelling. I looked that up just now. A flange is some kind of doodad.
Maybe tax cuts can target working families and the lower end of the middle class, rather than giving tax breaks to people who don't need them.
Tax cuts for the wealthy don't stimulate growth. Trickle Down is a hoax.
All those states share border security with neighboring states as well as having no military.
&gt; Palestinians with no security or protection of their own Palestinians already have militarized police forces and several other security agencies like intel and the elite Presidential Guard. &gt; all funded by the Arab states I haven't seen that. Palestinians currently receive most of their aid from Western states (including Israel). The US gives a lot of military aid to those security services I mentioned.
The Palestinians don't require Jerusalem. Ramallah already is their capital.
Don't try to play gotcha. The PLO has a recognized claim on Gaza the same way Lebanon has a recognized claim on southern Lebanon. The existence of Hezbollah and Hamas are temporary setbacks that have almost no chance of becoming recognized states. East Jerusalem doesn't exist anymore. It was a 19 year Jordanian occupation. Now it is Israeli. One of the few good things Trump has done is recognize that.
&gt; a scenario that could potentially threaten the security and stability of the Hashemite Kingdom. Israel and Jordan should divide and annex the West Bank.
&gt; Your opionion on this topic shows that you have really no idea what Ayahuasca is and what it's used for. I knew a few hippies in college, I know what ayahuasca is. People like to smoke it at Phish concerts. In South America, they have ceremonies for wealthy tourists that want to get high. That's what it is, getting high. It isn't to "rip away all the veils" because it isn't showing you something real, it is showing you something fake. It is all veils.
People say she's crazy, she's got diamonds on the crevice of her pussy. I have reason to believe we all will be received at Graceland. Piss on me, beat me, at Graceland.
Everything that doesn't involve his beautiful face.
There are actually four disappearances linked to only a single building owned by Scientology in Clearwater, Florida.
Okay, okay. You got me interested.
Not even close, mate. Source: England is my city.
I'll blow my dad before I eat a burrito with a fork
Is that the girl who'd later go on to replace Lisa in The Simpson Family Smile-Time Variety Hour?
You think people from certain parts of the world are stupid? You should probably reign in your ego.
It's a blockade to prevent weapons smuggling. Do you know a better way to stop the inflow of [weapons used for terrorism?](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Shaar_HaNegev_school_bus_attack)
In the world? No. In the region? Maybe, but they are far and away the least bad government in the region.
Radicals have more in common with each other than they do with moderates.
Are you honestly saying Arafat didn't support attacks on civilians? Really, you think he didn't? The guy who shouted "Struggle! Struggle! Struggle! Martyrs! Martyrs! Martyrs! [Euphemism for terrorism]! [Euphemism for terrorism]! [Euphemism for terrorism]!" As for him telling other groups to perform attacks on Israeli civilians without telling him, that's straight from his advisors. I'll find a link for you if you'd like. &gt; He had multiple factions operating in differing policies He was the king, president, head of security, head of finance, foreign minister, and chief propagandist. If he let PFLP run the dog-catchers, it doesn't much matter.
Which is why the way forward is probably semi-autonomous regions, like the KRG. This is already happening in Syria, and hopefully Turkey and Iran will learn to give more autonomy to their own Kurdish minorities.
[The diaries show that the Palestinian leader never assumed responsibility for commissioning an attack. He just took notice of the massacres committed by fellow Palestinians, and commented about. When others proposed attacks, his replies were a short "You decide". After the bombs he had known of burst, the Palestine commander smiled and wrote: "Good, good".](http://espresso.repubblica.it/internazionale/2018/02/02/news/l-espresso-reveals-the-secret-diaries-of-arafat-1.317895?refresh_ce) He'd let different factions pursue their own plans of killing Israeli civilians, with his love and support. The PLO is like Al-Qaeda, a terrorist umbrella group.
&gt; ...their parliament which mandates proportionate seats for their Jewish citizens You mean one? Yes, they get one.
This is a lot of exposition for a chat.
Both of Arafat's parents were mixed. His father seems to have preferred his Egyptian heritage, as did Yasser who was born in Egypt and did most of his schooling there. As for the British Mandate, we have his claim to have spent some time there. Whatever. Palestinian nationalism has taken on different forms and will again in the future. Its most stable form will be Union with 80% of the former Mandate: Jordan.
The best thing is to stop sending soldiers to stupid wars. It's an established fact that soldiers fighting for unjust causes have a higher rate of PTSD.
&gt; you are talking about the people who literally invented nukes and more creepy stuff Fuck off with your dumb bigot bullshit.
But what can be done to encourage the Arab League to do something substantial for peace?
Smoke and flash aren't chemical weapons.
I'm just thinking out loud here, but the PLA might be replacing regular HK garrison troops with Military Police. There are a whole bunch of PLA soldiers specially trained to deal with problems in Tibet, Uyghuria, and other "restless" provinces. Beijing must recognize that having PLA soldiers shooting at HK youth would be a massive problem. MP's will be more selective about their use of force against civilians.
I don't know that individual's story, but I bet a big part of the reason he is so honest is because he's already decided to leave the military as soon as his contract is up. He's a real boy scout, always does the right thing. Any military would love to have him. But he doesn't want to be in a military that isn't doing the right thing.
The manager was in the right and made sure to stay in the right. I don't like being pushed, but at the same time the manager would accomplish very little by throwing some punches at a drunk, out of control kid.
An Israeli killed the PM and an Egyptian killed their PM, too. Having someone in your country kill the leader isn't unheard of. I'm pretty sure that is what usually happens. But despite two extremists killing the Israeli and Egyptian PM's, the peace between Israel and Egypt has held for forty years.
If she was born in 1939, she would have identified as an Arab or Levantine Arab, not as a Palestinian.
Syrian, Jordanian, Lebanese, and Palestinian are all nationalities invented in the 20th century. In reality, they are all Levantine Arabs. The Levant was artificially divided. &gt; they don't deserve rights Who said anything about that? I was responding to the idea that the whole region belongs to Arabs. That logic is used to deny rights to Kurds, Israelis, Druze, and other non-Arab minorities of the Middle East.
&gt; Look at how beaches in Syria have women in bikinis. Not all Shia are the same. &gt; Iran has thousands of years of ties with Armenia This is a nonsensical statement. &gt; What evidence you actually have of them wanting separatism? Their armed and active separatist movement? It would be dangerous to conduct a poll in occupied Balochistan because Tehran regularly kills political prisoners. &gt; every inch of Iran belongs to everybody in the country, not any particular ethnic group. Stop being ridiculous. Tehran is ethno-nationalist as shit. &gt; That doesn't make it a theocracy. Being led by religious authorities who push religious laws doesn't make something a theocracy? &gt; That's why they have elections and make a big deal about claiming that the Iranian people support them. The elections are tightly controlled. Reformers aren't allowed to run. There is no free speech or press. The civilian parliament is beneath the Mullahs. &gt; Persian supremacist and Shia supremacist literally contradict each other. Absolutely not. Tehran triumphs Persian and Shia identity. They see them as interlinked. They want all non-Persian Shia to follow their orders. &gt; anti-Arab racists who whine about Iran spending money on Arabs. They aren't anti-Arab, they'd just rather Tehran spend less money on foreign terrorists and more money on domestic needs.
&gt; how can you call Hizbollah anti-democratic They only begrudgingly participate in the Lebanese political scene, which is a joke anyway. It's a sectarian nightmare. Hezbollah represents Shia individuals, which is why Iran gives them money and bombs and they use their money and bombs to kill Jewish people (not Israelis, Jews) in Argentina.
Stay classy, San Diego?
Which is worse?
No one has been killed for protesting. Has there been police violence? Sure, that happens everywhere. But Israel is an open society where public protest and criticism of the government are lawful and common.
But he also said in that interview that there wouldn't be an episode 7.
Egypt, Israel, the West Bank, and Jordan can all be traveled through pretty easy. If you are staying in Jerusalem, it is very easy to take day trips anywhere in the West Bank using the Arab mini-buses. Bethlehem and Jericho have tourist infrastructure. Jordan isn't that great and is expensive. No offense to Jordanians, but the only thing worth seeing is Petra. But between Egypt and Jordan, Egypt is way better. Egypt has the Pyramids and the absolute biggest, oldest Arab city in the world.
The offer that Israel made after the 1967 war? The Arab League rejected that.
I don't think you know much about Israel.
The '67 war? Israel attacked the Golan Heights because Syria had been using it to launch missiles, artillery, and raids into Israeli territory for the past 19 years, mostly targeting Israeli civilians. After Israel seized the high ground, the offered to return it to Syria for nothing more than a peace treaty. But Syria refused, and has been officially at war with Israel since Syria first invaded in 1948.
Lord, please bless this robot boat and all who dwell within this robot boat
I'm talking about Kim Il Sung.
Even if we accept your version of events, how does that justify the North's invasion?
Read the paragraph, I was plainly referring to the dictator that the USSR had groomed.
IRGC and Iran's government aren't the same thing.
Not a lot of info here, but it's good for people to be talking about the future of the Middle East as a region. Putting aside sectarianism is the most important thing. No more Sunni-Shia war, Christian-Muslim, Arab-Jew, Arab-Kurd, secular-religious and other factional concerns. Closer economic ties across the region, with mutual respect for borders and customs, will usher in progress for the region and stop Jesus's tears from flowing.
Two hours sounds like nonsense. I've crossed from the West Bank to Israel through the Arab route many times, including during rush hour. It is comparable to airport security at worst, and is often only an ID check.
One of the nicest things I've seen on this sub.
This was the best mom story I've ever read.
You would have trouble turning down all the cigarettes.
Southeast Asia has a lot of sexism.
France, Germany, the UK, Spain, Italy, and others would all be world-class nations with or without the EU.
&gt; would France be better than Alabama? Obviously.
There are houses in China.
U
&gt; The Postman I have to say I'm a fan of the film and should have known there'd be an awesome novel behind it.
Tankies. They like to think that anyone opposed to US foreign policy is a hero.
Are you saying that the US should ignore the many Americans killed by Palestinian terrorism?
Palestinian terrorist leaders receive cash from Saudi Arabia, so maybe you are on to something.
I don't know, why was he?
&gt; A very vicious and murderous people. Why do you think a certain people are "vicious and murderous"?
You are painting them with one brush. Obviously, that isn't true. What country have you been to that you think the people are virtuous? If you've traveled enough, you know that people are basically the same.
&gt; They murdered political opponents "They" Who is they?
While I know there are some bigoted atheists, I hardly think we are a tarnished community.
If Hamas and Fatah can't make a deal, they will continue to diverge. Pretty soon, they won't even be the same thing.
Okay, what if Hamas wins? Because Hamas doesn't want to have any more elections. What if Fatah wins elections several times and then Hamas wins and they go "enough elections." What if PIJ wins? They are literally fascists. &gt; this time with more options and new parties. The 2006 election had a lot of new options and parties. The voters just didn't want them.
They say themselves they are an opinion site, not a news site. I'd call that a blog.
&gt; Where are the protests? They happen all the time in Israel. It is a free society.
Shooting a 17 year old soldier isn't a war crime.
He agrees with what I said. He said he was standing there when he was shot in the legs. It is unknown who hit him. It was likely a stray bullet. Note that Hamas did have militants in the area. Hamas is known to attack foreigners, including those who don't accept their extremist ideology.
What lie?
&gt; they had a huge march through Tel Aviv to protest That happens frequently.
He had a weird, old-fashioned, misogynistic kind of feminism.
He put women on a pedestal that was also a bit of a prison.
Not all the Palestinians, just three out of the four major political parties.
There are anti-war people on the right. There are even a few Christians that act Christ-like.
&gt; everything was better in the Middle East before US interactions Whoa, let's not get carried away here. There has been sectarian violence in the Middle East for quite some time.
&gt; At the lowest settings, it just creates a burning/stinging sensation. Ever since Pon Farr, my urinary tract has been set to low.
I hate that hebephilia nonsense. The problem isn't how a person looks, it is the fact that *they aren't mature yet.*
The "everyone will start using heroin!" argument is a bad one.
Classico has good pasta sauce. No wonder he fucks a lot of bitches.
IP isn't the only conflict Iran is involved in. Hezbollah, Assad, and the Houthis all get Iranian arms and funds. If Tehran was willing to end that support, there could be some progress made.
John Bolton begins to salivate.
Sarcastic Lisa is peak Lisa.
Libertarians are Republicans who smoke weed.
Unless Tehran wises up and realizes their path to regional prominence should be a peaceful one.
He always struck me as a "more pussy for me" kinda guy. Remember when he joked about how Pence hates gays? It's like "ha ha, my friend here sure is a bigot, ha ha."
No shit, we put a goat skull in the front of our truck that looked badass until Sergeant Major saw it and was like "stop having fun."
All Melania has ever done is take the food out of hard working American model's mouths.
Arabs don't collectively own the Middle East. Minorities like Kurds, Druze, and Jews have the right to their own state on lands they are a majority on. That is all the Jews of 1948 wanted, control of the land they were a majority on. The Arab League rejected that plan for the same reason they oppose a Kurdish state or a Shia state: They don't respect minorities. Palestinian nationalism is rooted in opposition to Israel. It isn't a constructive narrative. Fighting a stable, prosperous state like Israel won't create anything for the Palestinians. Rather, the Palestinian Authority has been able to create a semi-autonomous region in the West Bank, with control of all Arab towns and most Arab villages, by cooperating with Israel. Meanwhile, Hamas in Gaza continues to pursue death at the expense of life. Palestinian nationalism needs to leave violence in the past and use dialogue and cooperation. That is what the Arab League should have done in 1948, and what they need to do in 2019.
Yes, but there were a lot of folks out there hoodwinked by Trump. They voted for Radical Change At Any Cost. Now that they see Trump is a charlatan, hopefully enough 2016 Trumpers will vote for Bernie or even motherfucking Biden.
Shrek is love. Shrek is life.
They work great to line the cages of gerbils!
Jimi was a great lyricist. Castles Made of Sand is poetry. As for Crosstown Traffic, he was writing from his own experience. It's meant to be raw.
What's the difference between a bag of 'ludes and a baby? Eric Clapton wouldn't let a bag of 'ludes fall out a window.
Don't police my language, motherfucker. &gt; lol that you think that Korean workers have no say They don't. It's an authoritarian dictatorship. &gt; "I want a necklace of Palestinian ears" I never said that. I'm not Israeli and I was never in their military, I don't know where you got that idea. DPRK checks all the boxes for a fascist state. Look up "The Cleanest Race."
&gt; Kim Il Sung was appointed By Stalin. &gt; the fact that you said that I never fucking said that. &gt; people are still settlin' on Palestinian land There are zero Israelis on Palestinian Authority-controlled land. Look up the Oslo Accords before you spout nonsense.
He can set any rules He wants. He could have made us sinless.
[The North Korean government has officially admitted to abducting 13 Japanese citizens.](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/North_Korean_abductions_of_Japanese_citizens)
I'll drive.
Jews had been a majority in parts of Jerusalem and other cities in the area for centuries. Additional immigrants settled in open land, which the region had a lot of.
&gt; something for home defense Kind of vague. A shovel? Arrows? A guard dog?
Oslo turned the PLO terrorist group into the Palestinian Authority, which has civil control of every Arab city in the West Bank. That's progress.
That source shows Jews being at least 40% in all three major cities.
My strength is low, but I have high dexterity and wisdom. Should I pursue Evocation or Druidic DD spells?
Yeah, but a lot of Druidic magic is elemental, as well. Fire, lightning, and summon wolves don't sound like good indoor spells.
&gt; Iranians are about to overthrow the Islamic Regime I don't know about that, buddy. What signs of change do you see.
"al-Masjid al Aqsa" means "the furthest temple." It isn't clear what that is talking about, but later tradition posits it in Jerusalem. In any case, Israel allows all holy sites to be controlled by their respective religion. There is no need for a Palestinian authority to control the site, because the al-Aqsa Mosque/Dome of the Rock are already controlled by Muslims.
Because it hasn't proven itself a stable state, yet. In the future, if it develops rule of law and a tolerant society, that'd be a possibility. But for now, the Israeli police (with it's multi-religious and sometimes non-religious members) do a good job keeping Jerusalem open for everyone.
The Iranian regime is also starving the people of occupied Kurdistan and Balochistan.
Forces in south Lebanon were launching [attacks on Israeli civilians](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Avivim_school_bus_bombing). That's why Israel attacked back. Hezbollah is a terrorist group that has killed not only Israeli civilians, but also Christians and Sunni Muslims in Lebanon. Iran arms and funds Hezbollah because they are both Shia. Iran supports armed groups and terrorists, as long as they are Shia. They support the dictator Assad, theocrats in Iraq, rebels in Yemen and Bahrain, and multiple other conflicts. Iran also occupies part of Kurdistan, Balochistan, and Azeri lands. I'm against a US war in Iran, but let's not pretend that Tehran isn't awful.
&gt; fighting back Attacking civilians isn't self defense. Both Hezbollah and the PLO have launched terrorist attacks.
I wasn't talking about any particular ethnic group. Me and another vet (both American) were joking about the gung ho attitude some soldiers have. It wasn't related to this thread, North Korea, or the Palestinians.
I'm pretty sure "skype" is a peen thing for this "couple."
Says the guy who grabbed some out of context quotes to ad hominem because he couldn't refute my argument.
Great gif. While I'm not normally a fan of calling snacks "pizza" I'll let this one pass because it is great.
This chair was wounded in action.
The Palestinian Authority sends cash rewards to terrorists in Israeli jails while it tortures suspects in its own jails.
&gt; Universities will continue to raise prices Public colleges should just be free.
You shouldn't be downvoted for this, you are exactly right. The Sunni royalty oppresses the Shia majority, often violently. The biggest conflict in the Middle East is Sunni-Shia.
And West Bankers use Palestinians Authority passports. It's a UN member (unlike KRG and Northern Cyprus).
The PA cooperates with Israel in the fight against their mutual enemy Hamas. As for attacks against Israeli citizens, the PA actively encourages that. [source](https://www.theguardian.com/commentisfree/2013/nov/11/british-american-aid-subsidises-palestinian-terrorism)
The basic idea is solid.
More like the Battle of Wine and Nachos.
Ghengis Khan loved riding horses, shooting bows, and rape so much that he changed the world.
&gt; The remaining settlements' greenhouses were looted by Palestinians for 2 days after the transfer, for irrigation pipes, water pumps, plastic sheeting and glass, but the greenhouses themselves remained structurally intact, until order was restored.[55][70][72] Palestinian Authority security forces attempted to stop them, but did not have enough manpower to be effective. In some places, there was no security, while some Palestinian police officers joined the looters. Why'd you leave off that part?
Tehran meddles across the Middle East.
I thought *I* was the only Milpool!
The important thing is that you make very little effort.
Are you sure they were that well defended? There were many instances of violence against the community, like when [a pregnant woman and her four daughters (the oldest being 11) were shot down by members of Palestinian Islamic Jihad.](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Murder_of_Hatuel_family) Another terrorist group described one of their attacks as "One of our Omar al-Mukhtar's fighting units carried out today a big bomb attack, backed with hand grenades on a bus carrying Zionist settlers and accompanied by a Zionist patrol in Khan Younis." It was a school bus, by the way.
Absolutely correct. I detest Trump, but some small victories can still be won. For example, his decision about Jerusalem and Golan was great. Hopefully he can stumble his way into detente with North Korea.
Yes. They won't give up their nuclear program if they don't trust us.
Legitimate concerns. But the situation has been stagnating so long, I'm ready for President Crazy to do some crazy.
Donald Trump grabs women's genitalia.
I'll kiss a gal on the cheek, but I ain't grabbing no pussies.
1. They enter a room and suddenly their INT and STR are reversed. Their skills are the same, they just have to fight their way out of an area with brains and brawn reversed. 2. A gatekeeper asks for a bone. Someone has to give up a bone. Which one?
You don't think gay people suffer from discrimination? Did you go to high school?
Really excellent, great job.
&gt; Understanding the history behind events is not justification of those events. That is literally justifying "the events." By "the events" you mean attacks against civilians.
&gt; I said Palestinians have a right to defend themselves. Hamas and Islamic Jihad use that same language to justify killing civilians. &gt; These things do not happen in a vacuum. More of the language of justifying terrorism. You wouldn't directly support it yourself. You just make apologies for it and blame the victims.
&gt; whether the actions are self defense or not. You've already stated that you think Palestinians killing Israeli civilians is "self defense." Your nationalist worldview justifies any Palestinian killing an Israeli civilian. You even seem to glorify it. That's fucking gross.
And the problem with that is the majority of people living there don't want to live in a secular state.
It's actually Chesty Laroux and her Busty Singers Go to Capital City and Homer Gets a New Job.
Illinois? More like Illinoing which rhymes with annoying which is what Chicagoland is.
&gt; "ARABS ARE RACIST ” ! Not only is this a pretty racist statement in and of itself, it sorta ignore Israel’s rather unique history with racism. So it is racist to suggest there is bigotry among Arab communities, then you go off on paragraphs full of accusations against Israelis. So I guess you are a racist?
I've asked numerous Vietnamese people about this and no one can tell me what it means. But when I was in the army, it meant "get the fuck out of here" as in "once we finish fucking this chicken, we will didi mao."
Anyone who'd want the job Morality Police isn't qualified to be morality police.
I'm strongly against war with Iran, but this meme is false. Iran has troops in multiple foreign countries and arms multiple terrorist groups.
He's naked in that tire.
I'm not advocating an attack, I'm correctly pointing out that Iran is a major spo nsor of terrorism.
For graffiti?
Goodbye.
I think his service was to his family and community. More importantly, on this sub he is remembered as a soldier. Perhaps you'd have a bigger influence if you did some real praxis instead of spamming on subs where you aren't wanted.
I think he called you an antisemite because you were criticizing "Israelis" as a people rather than the Israeli government.
There are still 20 Arab states at war with Israel.
Egypt made the Gaza Strip, in 1948. They killed or expelled all the Jews.
&gt; the PLO was explicit anti-religious and secular. Anti-religious? No fucking way. Even Marxists like the PLFP advocate for an Islamic state. That doesn't mean a Islamist/Sharia state, it just means that all of the Palestinian political parties advocate for creating a Palestinian ethnostate with Islamic and Arab characteristics. Fatah was created to be less religious (which in a ME context can be called "secular") but they were nothing close to anti-religious. That is literally a death sentence in Arabia, that is why there even Marxists are almost never atheists. Even the Christians in Palestinian organizations have to acquiesc to the creation of an Islamic state, just as 21 out of 22 Arab states are Islamic and Arab (Lebanon is Islamic and Christian and also Arab). &gt; King Farouk was not anti-Semitic Did I say he was? I just said he threw all the Jews out of Gaza and also attacked Jewish civilian neighborhoods in places like Tel Aviv, often bombing them from the air. Does that make him anti-Semitic? Not for me to decide, I was just speaking of historical fact. &gt; it wasn't said by anyone in the Egyptian government nor in a position of authority over the military Look up the records of Egyptian Parlimentary debate. They were frothing at the mouth to murder "Jews." Not Israelis or Zionists, "Jews." They spoke explicitly of extermination, as did the King himself and military leaders. The Chairman of the Arab League specifically called for genocide, as did other Arab heads of state. And they actually did it. 100% of Jews, be they European or Middle Eastern, were killed or expelled from every inch of land they grapped in 1948. &gt; Any army that can cross the Sinai can invade Egypt. The Hashermites didn't have such an army. And even if they did, the idea of occupying Cairo is laughable. Certainly the Arab leaders were unable to cooperate. They were trying to grab all the land they could for themselves. They spoke openly of genocide against Jews (again, not Israel or Zionists) and carried out that plan as much as they were able. Israel said "we will defend every Israeli home" and they tried to do that as much as they were able. Israel's actions were far from perfect during the war, but their intentions were the defense of their newborn state. &gt; For being so cocky about this, you certainly got it handed to you by u/Thisisme8719 What? I'm the one that showed him the PLO's own laws are patrilineal. As with you, he tried to call me a racist then I showed him I was just repeating Arab leaders own words.
I passed basic and made it all the way downrange. That's why I'm anti-war now. Maybe Don jr is pro-war because he doesn't know shit about it.
Gaza with Egypt makes a lot of sense, but Cairo doesn't want a hotbed of MB activity.
Where are you getting anti-Semitic from?
Please show a little more compassion towards the Iranian people. I don't like their government, but let's not act like they are a state of fools.
A lot are former SF and those guys can be sleazy.
Oh, I get it. You are just a retard.
My son is *also* named Stupid Monkey.
In Vietnam, every soldier gets buttfucked.
You boys gonna buy any POGs or aincha?
&gt; the Cuban missile crisis We had nukes in Turkey, what is wrong with Cuba wanting Soviet missiles *after the US masterminded the Pay of Pigs ground invasion.* Your arrogance is the kind that leads our country into so many stupid wars. &gt; the commies that McCarthy found in the State Department You like Joe McCarthy? Do you hunt witches? &gt; the most dangerous ideology in human history No single ideology is the worst, but your dogged belief in nationalism is the same kind of triumph al bullshit that almost brought this species to extinction many times. &gt; Your spewing blatant and obvious lies I've said nothing false, so you watch your filthy whore mouth.
Israel wanted borders in 1948, but its neighbors refused to discuss it. They wanted to continue war, and launched attacks and skirmishes against Israeli towns and civilians for about two decades. That is when Israel finally retaliated in 1967 and took the West Bank from Jordan and the Gaza Strip from Egypt. Israel immediately offered to return all of that land for peace with the neighbors. They all refused to discuss it. Egypt finally came to its senses in 1978 and accepted peace with Israel in exchange for land. Later, it also gave land for peace to Jordan and the Palestinian Authority. It offered land to Syria, who refuses. Also, Israel only builds settlements in Area C, a space the Palestinian Authority agreed is Israeli-controlled. 40% of the West Bank (including every Arab city and most of the West Bank's farmland) is under Palestinian control and has zero Israelis. Since 1978, Israel has only given land away.
Tired joke, I give it a 9 out of 11.
U
He didn't create secularism. Iran had already had several elections and coups in the 20th century by then. He was elected by the Parliament, but less than two years later illegally threw out that Parliament because he'd gone from popular to despised. And when I say he threw it out, I mean he ended the Parliament and democracy in Iran with it. The Shah restored democracy by Constitutionally dismissing Mossadegh and appointing a caretaker PM until new elections.
That article collaborates everything I said.
&gt; in exchange for Syria to recognize the Israeli ownership of occupied Egyptian and Jordanian territories What? There is nothing about this in any deal I've seen. &gt; Syria also offered to sign a peace treaty... Are you just making things up? Syria said they wouldn't even discuss peace until after Israel retreated. &gt; Israel never intended on withdrawing They already withdrew all settlements from Gaza and Sinai and gave land to Egypt, Jordan, and the PA for peace.
&gt; Israel and Syria negotiated through proxies for decades Yes, because Israel wanted to trade Golan for peace. Syria said "give us Golan and we'll think about it and also keep funding Hezbollah" So YOUR source backs up MY point which means you are a gay space communist.
"Johnny Tightlips, will you sing Moon River during the second encore?"
&gt; Soleimani supported Iraqi Shia militia. Yes, and also Sunni extremists and basically anyone who supported his short-term goals.
If it is true that he was Princess Leiaing his ass to Baghdad, then it would be an act of political assassination to kill him. But not terrorism.
&gt; I feel like dying after every leg day and that happens more often than every 4 weeks. I love this comment, I'm giving it silver. No matter how you downvote, it will never be tarnished. Gainz up, bleeding bitches down.
ISIS was already contracting in Iraq and Syria late in Obama's second term. But ISIS is a symptom, not a problem. The problem can't be bombed away, even though Trump has certainly been trying.
Oh my god, the Groups will kill us all!
I like to get sandy at the beach so I can just swim the sand off.
Fighting sports are like the ancient Greek Olympics: Driven by homoeroticism.
My level of addiction is Tokyo Drift.
Physical. I've been hearing different things.
Daniel Pipes? The differences between Levantine people are complex, but the nationalities of Syrian, Jordanin, Lebanese, and Palestinian are artificially separated. No More Borders in the Levant
"I do solemnly swear to defend Cartoon Planet...
Daniel Pipes says Palestinians don't exist. Is he still a historian? &gt; How does Israel get to keep them but not the rest? Everyone keeps their borders, no new states. A new state bebefits literally no one except secondhand Kalashnikov salesmen.
Nothing at all!
West Bank divided with Jordan. Gaza, I don't know maybe Egypt or autonomous Sheikdom. Grandchildren of refugees stay where they are.
Palestine refered to a vague geographic region, that isn't controversial.
&gt; any questioning of ethnonationalism is antisemitism Just so we are clear, you agree that questioning Palestinian nationalism's narrative isn't bigotry, right?
I hate when people leave off the mushrooms.
Northern Ireland is similar. 50/50 parliament by faith.
Self-determination isn't an individual right. The nationality law, as stupid as it is, didn't do anything. No individuals lost any rights and no individuals gained any. Angelicans have self-determination as a group in England, where their Church is the state religion. Many European states have state churches. Every Arab state is officially an Arab Arab ethno-state, and all but Lebanon is officially Muslim.
&gt; Ethnic nationalism is bad and dangerous Why do you want a binational state?
No, he was in the chair force.
It did. In Arabic, the word meant the southern Levant, or southern Syria. In English, it meant "the place that Jews are from" which is why the English called their Mandate that. The Arab leaders wanted it to be called Southern Syria, to distance it from the Jews.
I don't think they allow settlements in the nature reserves. But Area C is Israel's land, so I guess they can do what they want.
And one of those prisoner's rights that was violated is the right to not be tortured.
Palestinians are an imagined community that wants to dominate non-Muslims and non-Arabs, huh? I mean, all four major Palestinian political parties want a Palestinian ethnostate with Arab and Islamic characteristics.
Bernie Sanders, the guy who has been a tireless defender of veterans?
I want you to ask yourself a question: Do you have any friends? I'm not trying to mock you, I mean it honestly. Do you have any friends, do people like you? Because bigotry and "shock humor" won't get you through life in a good way. Take a look at yourself and see if maybe you could be less toxic.
He did A LOT for the VA and veterans. Trying to blame a single localized scandal on Bernie is ridiculous.
A boomer meme.
The draft and drug laws are both wrong.
If a fight is just, citizens will volunteer.
&gt; the geographic area between the Jordan River and the Mediterranean Sea False. It only took that meaning after Britain split 80% of the Mandate to form the Hashermite Kingdom, a country every bit as arbitrary as Syria or Lebanon. That whole area is the Levant, with Syria and Palestine and Sham and others being similar terms. In Arabic. In English, Palestinian meant Jew. Palestine was the land of the Israelites (again, no exact borders). If you don't believe me, find pre-20th century references to the term. It means Jew, and continued to mean that until the formation of Israel. The Arabs who fled or were expelled later adopted the term Palestinian and dreamed of a history that never existed, invented by the Arab League to try to turn the Arab-Israeli war into the Israeli-Palestinian conflict. 22 Arab states vs 1 Israel? Nah, it is Israel vs the Palestinians (armed by 22+ states).
Civil control includes issuing building permits. Israel issues them in Area C, the PA in Areas A and B. That is how Oslo works. If Abbas doesn't like it, he can back out. But he stays in the deal, takes Israel's money, and issues building permits in A and B. Also, Jordan dropped their claim to the West Bank, so it isn't occupied.
[Here is a neat article](https://www.politico.com/magazine/story/2015/07/how-bernie-sanders-fought-for-our-veterans-119708) that covers the major points, like reforming the VA with McCain or fighting for higher benefits for Gulf War veterans.
The PLO is a nationalist movement, but it isn't a state. Under international law, the PLO has no territory. Jordan made the West Bank, but later dropped its claim. By the way, the PLO was on record recognizing Jordan's claim to the West Bank. So now the PLO claims this and that, but it doesn't change the fact that Israel is no longer occupying the West Bank. Jordan withdrew its claim, Israel gave them some land, and they signed a peace treaty. As for the PLO and Israel, they also signed an agreement called Oslo. It turned the PLO terrorist organization into the Palestinian Authority. I'm not sure what to call the PA, but it isn't a state. It doesn't get to claim Area C, and in fact has recognized Israel's claim at least temporarily. Nothing in Oslo prevents the PA from building in Areas A and B, nor Israel in C. You may not like that, you may want the PA to build while Israel doesn't. Take it up with Abbas.
I saw it on the Mötley Crüe Behind the Music episode.
France is very strong, and nuclear, but Italy and Spain and Germany and some others are nothing to sneeze at. The Scandinavian countries (not you, Iceland) and others like Belgium have small but very professional militaries.
&gt; white South African murder rate has not changed since the 1970s. I think there were an awful lot of murders from South African soldiers and police that weren't accounted for. Wasn't there a lab set up to develop chemical warfare to use on the local population? But that's a cheap shot. Look, you can always say "it isn't as bad as it seems" but it's a fact that South Africa has high crime. You can say "not in my neighborhood" but we aren't talking about your neighborhood. We are talking about the clip, which shows an average street in Johannesburg, perhaps. The city has its charm, but it is also pretty scary. Maybe your vagina smells lovely, but statistical data would suggest otherwise.
Have you tried not being an edgelord? People usually don't like being around bigots. I mean this honestly, reevaluate your beliefs and discard anything toxic. That will stop them from getting in the way of your positive traits.
E
I agree with a lot of her politics, she's just terrible at explaining her point and gets a lot of facts wrong.
&gt; Harris somehow justified Israel and its actions despite being an atheist, because 'Muslim bad'. That's a bullshit characterization. Harris criticizes Israel plenty. When it is in conflict with a group like Hamas, Israel is obviously the morally superior party. Hamas's ideology is basically the same as ISIS. Harris likes secularism, Israel is the most secular country in the Middle East, by far.
That first source says the borders for provinces were often being redrawn. So, that proves my point. It is a vague term. &gt; the Crusader Kingdom of Jerusalem or the Ottoman Mutasarrifate of Jerusalem The Ottomans frequently redrew lines. None of the provinces in the Levant resemble the ones Britain and France created after WWI. As for Crusader states, they were also frequently in flux. The Levant is the crossroads of empires, all geographic terms for it are vague. Even for the Levant itself (ask the SSNP what the Levant is). Drop the anachronism. How can you pretend to speak for "Europe" as if they have one language? How can you do a bit of wiki research (that disproves you) and say "look, that's just a little over the river." You are triumphing the British and French lines when they support your argument, and ignore them when they don't. You do the same with international law.
She wasn't uninvited. She had three options: 1) Sign the contract with the State of Georgia, who requires those receiving over a thousand dollars include a clause that they not engage in boycott activities during the contract. She could still criticize and even call for the destruction of Israel, but during that one night she is on Georgia's payroll, she can't organize a boycott campaign. Just talk about it. 2) Take $999.99 and continue to talk about whatever she wants, and also be able to use that night to form a boycott group. 3) Not accept any money and do the same as 2.
You don't have to pledge to do anything. You just pledge to not "engage in boycotts" during the contract's time. In Abby's case, one evening. She can still discuss whatever she wants, however she wants. Speaking in favor of a boycott isn't "engaging" so she can still do that. If she tried to form a boycott group, that probably wouldn't be okay. So if she wanted to form a boycott group, she'd have to either take less than a grand, or take all the money and just wait for the next day when the contract expires. Either way, she can say whatever she wants.
How do you know Politifacts is run by Jews? It seems to be a highly regarded and cited source. Meanwhile, you posted a blog that cites no sources and who posted an image from Facebook that you accepted as truth. If you are gonna call yourself a truth-seeker, you need to be more critical of information.
I bet an illiterate non-English speaker *could* take your job, because you are a fucking idiot.
That's their updated Charter, the older one is more direct. But if you look up public statements from Hamas leaders and ISIS leaders, they are mostly indistinguishable.
I told everyone I sleep in a big bed with my wife, you know, to be a big shot.
Vader would have to kill everyone remotely close to the Emp, to allow him to take the throne uncontested. Then, all he'd care about is getting Luke to be his apprentice (it's every parent's dream to be murdered by their child).
&gt; Illegals are a net negative of over $100 billion That number is total bullshit. If Trump says it, [it probably isn't true.](https://www.azcentral.com/story/news/politics/fact-check/2018/06/26/paul-gosar-how-much-do-undocumented-immigrants-cost-economy/691997002/#)
He specifically criticizes Israel and Judaism in the article, as he has elsewhere. For example, when he made that Rabbi look like a fool in a debate. What mistakes?
&gt; Bin Laden got almost nothing of what he wanted beyond bringing the United States in a larger conflict in the Middle East. That's what he fucking wanted! He wanted US soldiers to come to the Middle East so it would be easier for him to kill them. He wanted Muslims to see temselves as at war with the West, and Bush's War On Terror accomplished that. Bin Laden got everything he wanted. &gt; Are you advocating ignoring terror attacks that kill 3,000 Americans? Terror attacks are a law enforcement problem. If we over extend and kill 20 people for every 1 terrorist, we make things worse for ourselves (and also make ourselves morally repugnant). Over reacting to terrorism breeds more terrorism.
Type this key &gt; Do you see it? &gt; That thing &lt; No, that's wrong. &gt; Now you've got it. .....&gt; That's right, Pac-Man. So instead of " The stuff I said that is better than the stuff you said " Just type &gt; and copy paste my words next to it. So it looks like &gt; Our casualty rates in the entire war on terror are about equivalent or what Russia lost in Chechnya in the early 2000s. That's some dumb shit you said. Do you understand that we can't just measure the casualties of dead soldiers, but also civilians? Lost money in the trillions (something that affects real lives, budgetary-wise) and killed literally hundreds of thousands of people. Those people being on the other side of the world doesn't stop the pain and misery that even one bomb can cause a community. Before it was bombs from jets or a shell from a tank. Now it's drones, literally robots of death. "Assassin drones" as Iranian media calls them. And that's the thing that America does now, has done for 20 years since a couple of jets hit some buildings and it was a terrible tragedy. And in New York, too. How dare they? That triggered what has been two decades of war and will be decades longer, if not generations. &gt; It has come nowhere near bleeding us white in terms of either economy or manpower. That was your next sentence and it was also fucking dumb. "Manpower" so that thousands of dead Americans don't matter? Or economy in terms of trillions spent already, and trillions more for decades for the wounded, widow, and orphan. But that's just America, which was never my point. I didn't say bin Laden wanted to weaken America, you said that. It was your strawman, because you don't have a shit to give in your whole malformed lizard brain about thousands of US service members killed, tens of thousands wounded for life, and **hundreds of thousands of Iraqis and Afghanis killed** so far, millions by the high estimates and the robot killers are creeping up with all things considered. Robot killers get better at killing, just ask James Cameron. &gt; Our place as leader of free world is not in danger...You know what 100% would weaken our place? Isolationism. You are using isolationism as a strawman. Stop making strawmen, you fucking farming straw, making fake men because you fear birds you bird fearing bitch man. Bird fearing bitch, that's you. The US doesn't look strong by beating up small, undeveloped countries. What the fuck is that, only assholes do that. Honestly, imagine the biggest dude in the bar who spends tons of his GDP on military always picks fights at the bar. Little guys, those who look different or maybe used to buy weapons but stopped. That guy sucks, fuck that guy. Trump is that guy, or thinks he's that guy (he can't kick anyone's ass except cowering Epstein girls) and that looks tough to you because you are a strawman cum-swallow.
Wood fire, metal grill, aluminum tongs.
&gt; if the Al-Aqsa mosque gets destroyed or heavily damaged by Jewish parties it will then be a religious conflict The Jordanian army razed the Jewish Quarter of the Old City and destroyed centuries-old synagogues and grave sites.
&gt; Israel is part of the reason for 80 years of upheaval in the Middle East The Arab-Israeli conflict isn't the biggest in the region. That'd probably be the Sunni-Shia split followed by Muslim-Christian violence and Arab-Kurd violence. Blaming Israel for Middle Eastern sectarian violence ignores the last thousand years of sectarian violence. Safer than Europe? Maybe, but a quick look at Ottoman history shows near-constant ethnic and religious battle and pogroms. &gt; while the Kurds aren't The Kurds have suffered far more than the Palestinians. Turkey, Iran, Syria, and Iraq have been far more violent and repressive than israel ever was. There is also the fact that Kurds are a real historic people predating British cartography, with a unique culture, language, and history. They are four times as numerous. &gt; It seems like you have a personal connection to Israel through ethnicity or religion. Oh there it is, wonderful. I don't have any connection to Israel other than I visited before. But I used to live in Egypt and Kuwait. I'm well travelled in the region. Israel is the best state by far. It isn't even close. For atheists like us, it is the only state in the region where it is legal and safe to be an unbeliever. Hopefully Israel's secular society and rule of law will spread in the region.
&gt; Give Syrians the Golan Heights back in turn for peace. Israel has repeatedly offered this, Syria says no.
My dickhole is an ant colony and the queen lives in my balls.
U
E
Israel actually hasn't expanded since 1978. It's repeatedly given land in the West Bank to the Palestinian Authority since the 90's. Edit: Settlements are built in Israeli-controlled areas only. There are zero Israeli homes or settlements in the Palestinian Authority-controlled areas of the West Bank and Hamas's Gaza Strip.
You have to get to the end of Time Enough For Love. That's when he fucks his mother.
Look at military routes for controller.
I support peace and progress, you just want to destroy.
G-Bag, the goblin wizard.
Amateurs study tactics. Professionals study logistics.
My understanding is Gantz wants Benji to stand trial. Gantz will form unity with Likud, but not with him.
To clarify here, Iran's military doesn't control certain key tasks. That is left to the Revolutionary Guards, who are basically Iran's SS. They are loyal to the religious establishment, not the country or citizens. The Guards control the nuclear program, the missile program, guards the Strait of Hormuz (the world's biggest oil artery), and protects important infrastructure like Tehran airport. That is why a conscripted militant given more religious than military instruction shot missiles at a civilian airliner over Tehran.
Iran claimed that 60 soldiers were killed. I'm not trying to demonize Iran as a country, but the governing regime are a bunch of shitheads.
Our shitheads are at least elected, unlike a cloister of mullahs.
The grandmother stunt was pretty dumb of her. With that said, there is no reason to get worked up about a junior member of a body with 435 members.
Malaysia is an apartheid state. Muslims and ethnic Malay have economic, social, and political supremacy codified in law. Their prime minister is a proud and self-declared antisemite. Literally, he calls himself an antisemite.
Read the article. This ball was made by Gazans to blow up Israeli children. Did you know terrorists have blown up Israeli school buses on three separate occasions?
&gt; my mom was an officer Your mom goes to college.
I'd take an elected shithead over a backroom mullah any day.
Great for a nursing mother.
The Shah will rise again.
Gavin is a joke that stopped being funny 15 years ago.
Oh, his rhetoric and "humor" can cause real problems. I don't mean to diminish his danger, but he is another right-wing "satirist" who became his character. The Proud Boys started out as a stupid joke and are now a dangerous street gang and incubator for more extreme views.
Nope what?
Yes, I'm sorry you don't get the borders you want.
The UN doesn't have a good record in terms of sending soldiers for "peacekeeping."
What happened to Germany and Japan after WWII? Palestinian militants have launched tens of thousands of terrorist attacks against Israeli civilians. It is understandable that Israel wants to limit their military. There is also the fact that the Palestinian terrorist group PLO tried to kill the king of Jordan and conquer his land, as well as trying to carve out a micro state in Lebanon. They've attacked three neighbors. Why do they need a big army?
&gt; There were zero Palestinians involved in the process. They refused to discuss it. The US cut funding to UNRWA because a lot of that money gets used for terrorism. The Palestinian leadership said "whats the big deal with terrorism?" and said they won't discuss peace until they get their blood money back.
Can you knock someone out with one punch consistently? Because if not, it will make the situation worse.
Attacks against Israeli civilians predate the 1967 occupation of the West Bank and Gaza. From 1948 right up to the '67 war, terrorists would sneak across the border and attack Israelis (sometimes military targets, sometimes civilian communities) with support from the governments of Syria, Jordan, and Egypt. After the '67 war, Israel wanted to return the West Bank, Gaza, Sinai, and Golan in exchange for peace with its neighbors. The entire Arab League unanimously refused to even discuss it. Hamas, PFLP, and Islamic Jihad, three out of the four major Palestinian political parties refuse to accept Israel in any form. They are committed to war against Israel (and all three have sent suicide bombers and other terrorists against Israeli civilians) in any form, in any borders. So even if Israel left the West Bank and Egypt and Israel ended the blockade of Gaza, there would still be three major Palestinian terrorist groups looking to kill Israeli civilians.
They have a right to fight the IDF. There is nothing in international law that allows for attacks targeting civilians. That's what terrorism is. You can try to change the definition of that word and call suicide bombers "resistance" but the fact is terrorism is cowardly, immoral, and ineffective.
&gt; only know fuck mothers and crack crabs Fuck yeah, bro this is the life.
This is great information for the next time I want to insult a Cantonese person's family.
Egypt and Saudi Arabia are taking it seriously. Britain, France, Italy, and Denmark. India, Japan, and the good Korea. [Here's an article about the 23 states who are supporting it.](https://www.washingtonexaminer.com/washington-secrets/23-nations-embrace-trump-peace-plan-7-in-middle-east)
Their government sure is trash, but the fact that KSA and Egypt and the UAE are behind this plan means it has regional support. With support from Britain, France, India, Japan, and more, this could really work.
So "Diu lie gaa mou" means "I made love to your mother"?
Abbas's personal wealth of hundreds of millions as well as the Palestinian Authority itself are heavily dependent on foreign aid. If he won't move forward, his donors will lose patience.
&gt; As a Palestinian, I can confidently tell you As a mother, I can confidently tell you I'd rather have an underweight baby than no baby at all.
