Yeah assuming everything plays out the way it should go we got the easier path
Hey not cool lol
Haha thats something Im ok with agreeing to disagree on. Even though I didnt like it, I dont think its anything too horrendous either so I dont have anything against people who like it just for the message
He was honestly the most compelling character this season IMO. Never felt more immersed in an episode this season when he was telling the 3 stories
People said the same thing about Kirby before he went to Georgia. Aranada is a super smart coach that players love. He proabaly wouldnt do worse than O at least
I dont think he would be crazy expensive, but if the deal isnt on the cheaper side I wouldn't want him back
I dont consider even consider 2 SBs a dynasty. I think it takes like 3 to be one IMO
He's not really mad at her deep down, he's mad society forced someone he loved to give up on her dreams and do something extremely demeaning (and having it shoved in his face at every chance). If you saw his rant when he went before the judges you could tell
To be fair they said "best team ever?". That just means they are just bringing up the debate, not saying we were the best ever lol
I think the fact that he started a lot his second season despite not being ready yet and jerked between starter/backup almost on a weekly basis fucked him up just as much as his individual talent not being as good did. Not saying he would be Tom Brady anywhere else but I could see him having a Jay Culter esque career in the right place
Marlins proabaly wouldnt want just a bunch of pitchers, they'd want an elite postion player talent too. Pitchers are so hard to project that they'd need something more sure if they are going to move two youngish stars at the same time
Id glady pay 3 mil a year for Aranda. He's worth every penny he's getting
If they really were committed to driving us into debt they should have let us get Jimbo Lol
I mean Les Miles has a pretty impressive resume too but no one is lining up to hire him. Not saying Jimbo is like Miles, but career records dont mean as much as recent successes
The only reason he cares about the team is because they give him a paycheck. If he was drafted by any other team he almost certainly wouldn't have said anything publicly about the situation The fans are the ones helping pay for his salary, along with those of guys like Hue Jackson who are actively bringing the franchise down despite the fact the fans dont want him be the coach. They deserve to have something fun after all that money and time they put into the team only to see them go 0-16
Even funnier is that he's acting ae if the Browns are a team that has a right to gatekeep fans at this point lol
People are proabaly mad about the "checkdowns" part of your comment because Brees has never been a checkdown heavy QB
This was about as big a "fuck you" play ive seen in a while
That too
Peat :(
1st team all pro for a good reason
Nah, that 58 yarder made up for his early miss Imo It was mostly on the WRs for the panthers
It was pretty damn close, i feel like the call could have went either way
Panthers arent medicore, they just were banged up and our corners shut down their receivers. But yeah we should be underdogs next week
I know, was just saying that his front office and coaching now isnt good by any means
Id say Boogie with Micheal Malone was his peak head coaching experience. Boogie really liked him and Malone was a great coach. Problem is that Sacramento fired him so quick Gentry is a horrible coach and Demps has really let us down lately. I honestly think we got comparable leadership to most of Boogies Kings tenure
Sacramento has never really had the same amount of talent we have right now and are getting absoltuely crushed by good but not elite teams. Id take Malone over Gentry in a heartbeat and most of those coaches like Karl are tossups with what we have now Not saying Sac didnt have some of the worst coaching in the league during his tenure, but we are right up there with them from what ive seen so far this year and last year
Our coaching staff is not average, if they were we'd be seeing more success/consistency with the talented core we have. We get outright destroyed by good teams and barely beat bad ones. You could proabaly put some of that on Boogies attitude, but I also saw this happen last year too so its not like it's something new
He lit them up with Olsen and McCaffery. Your receivers did next to nothing
KAT is a superstar on the offensive end which makes up for him being less than great on the defensive end in terms of star status IMO
He certainly would have won in 2011 for sure with our team
The pretentiousness part is acting that people who use gifs as openers cant have conversations at all Ive seen people get dates and have conversations with gif openers more often than just saying "hi" (Although id personally never send a gif as an opener)
If you are trying to get a 24 year old superstar who's under contract for a while you'll probably have to move some "untouchable" pieces to get them. Pels have no reason to trade AD now if they dont get a package they like
Exactly, you gotta suck them in first lmao
They have an older core and their young guys are finally starting to come up and replace them. Tavares dying and Reyes getting tommy John threw their recent plans out of whack but they seem to be on the rise again with Reyes + Kelly + Weaver along with Ozuna ready to make big impacts next year I hate the cards but I think they only hit a speed bump the last couple years and are gonna be back soon
Kicking is so fickle man. To give two examples Gano was under 79% last year and was at 96% make this year, and Nick Folk had 87% last year and went to 54% this season. If a coach sees a guy who has a 80% kick make accuracy struggle in camp or preason, its not crazy to maybe think about bringing in a young kicker to challange him since its the easiest position to learn/adjust to from college Very few kickers have real job security (I mean Adam Viniteri almost got cut by the Pats the season he made his SB winning kick) so its hard to judge when teams decide to try a new kicker or something
The thing is Ward isn't a complete psychopath He's got some psychopathic tendicies that got amplified as his situations deteriorated but the way he clearly cares about Skye/Daisy (and later Cara), along with the fact he didn't kill FitzSimmons on the spot when Garret commanded him to shows he has some emotions. He'd still have some psychopathic tendicies regardless of where he ended up, but with better people influencing him from day 1 he would have likely ended up as a pretty decent guy IMO
To be fair when he "attempted to kill FitzSimmons" he did the one thing that he knew wouldnt kill them for sure (even says later to Fitz that he knew they woupd figure a way out). Garrett wanted them shot on the spot but Ward didn't want to kill them and only even did anyrhing to them because he knew Garrett would murder them regardless of what he did (and Garretts way would ensure they 100% would die). Ward obviously still cared about his former team more than he let on Also he actually did seem to truly care about Skye because he put his life in danger mutiple times to save her. No true psychopath would ever do that Im not saying Ward was a good guy, just that I dont think he was some heartless psycho
Record doesn't matter nearly as much for Cy Young. He'd win that at least for sure if he was that good
Thats pretty damn bold, no scout I've heard thinks he's THAT good of a pitching talent haha
This I can easily see happening honestly
Fair enough, but I still think most scouts dont expect him be a top two pitcher in the entire MLB within a couple years
A lot of people thought Toronto overpaid a lot. Dickey had just one awesome year at 38 and Thor/d'Arnaud were both great prospects
Its hard to compare them because they are such completely different backs, but I think Kamara is just more naturally talented and dynamic. He could fit into almost any system and suceed while Ingram needs a more run oriented offense to be his best IMO
Nah you can be mad a rookie made an inexcusablely bad play. There's no reason he shouldn't go where theres mutliple defenders and leave diggs with a possible wide open field Proud of our team and happy we made it this far, but Williams was almost certainly told to just make sure they didn't beat us deep. All he had to do was to wait until Diggs caught it and tackle him for us to win
I hope he learns from this because he made one of the biggest mistakes in Saints history
Actually Willams had a good angle to tackle him in bounds if he simply wrapped him up
The angle he was at showed that, if he stopped and then wrapped up instead of launching himself, he would have gotten him down in bounds without too much trouble
Honestly I dont think they could have. McCutchen is a big name but it sounds like people view him as a sizeable "fall off a cliff" risk which almost never get actual prospects in return. He has shown regression in pretty much every season since 2013 (his 2016 season was mostly as bad as it was due to injury)
That makes sense
We deserve this lmao
Personally I think its good when players can call out and challange ownership that's being shitty. Owners make enough money that they can easily stomach some fans not being happy, but when your players start showing how upset they are it kind of forces you to listen. I dont want players to run the sport completely, but I think its good for their side to be allowed to mean something in terms of decision making
If it makes you feel better you'll get a good view of us hitting on someone really attractive then failing to seal the deal at the last moment
The thing is that he doesnt need to be good for every single year of it to be worth it. If he gives you like 3 Kershaw esque years plus 1 decent one thats a great deal (assuming he gets like 350 mil contract). Even if he misses a decent amount of games he provides enough value in the ones he does pitch in to make up for them, and If he does somehow stay healthy for the entire year you got a borderline 10 WAR pitcher Giving Kersh a mega deal is pretty much a no brainer and its really unlikely he perfoms bad enough to not at least make it a wash IMO
Lol Ive seen Cavs fans use this as an opportunity to shit on Blatt seriously so im just defending him since its obvious he was just joking. I do think its a funny situation but I also think people are reading into this way more than they should
They shouldnt lol
Good thing we also had Ingram, Brees, and Thomas too :(
Especailly since they both actually play defense
To be fair his team was very pass heavy and that offense really surprised the league
Yeah he didnt miss any games for his torn shoulder back in 2005 because it happened in the last game of the year, and has only sat out one game with injury back in 2015. Other than that he's been able to play every game (we did bench him for 2 games in 09 but that was only because we already locked up the #1 Seed)
You arent getting a 24 year old top 5 player player with mutiple years left on his contract for anything less than that. Davis is likely way better than Tatum or Brown will ever be by a decent margin. But I dont think either franchise really would want that deal anyways though since both teams are right where they feel comfortable IMO
Blue Jays for sure at least Imo. Torres is more of a high floor guy while Vlad is a much more extremely high celing guy. And for a team like the Blue Jays I'm sure they want a guy that might be a the best hitter in all of baseball one day down the road rather than one who is likely to have a higher impact right away. Not to mention they alreay have Bichette at Torres' postion prospect wise
Yeah he's extremely knowledgeable about 100s of prospects everytime the draft rolls around
Breaking down 100s of players tape, doing research on them, gathering info on where each one is projected to go, and then being ready to give that knowlege on a moments notice is legitamely hard IMO. I think a ton of people could proabaly do it if they really wanted to, but Mel also has connections (which he's worked for) and a personality to go along with all the work he does which is why he's so popular
To get better
[This takes more than 2 days to grow.](https://s.yimg.com/ny/api/res/1.2/qY8cyHCA5YHxC1uk0m5mtg--/YXBwaWQ9aGlnaGxhbmRlcjtzbT0xO3c9ODAw/http://media.zenfs.com/en-GB/homerun/article.sportingnews.com/d4cd6d72e2462872d8a427aea15fcfcf) also Puig expresses himself a lot through his hair so him shaving it is a big deal for him
This is for next year and signing Harper pretty much means they are all in for the forseeable future despite an old core. Thats what people are kind of laughing about
Thats fair, but even without them Cueto and Crawford fall under the age concern too as they are 31. Shark is 33 also The only good player that is not 30 yet is Bum (Panik if you consider him one also fits the bill) and he's 28
We aren't making the playoffs next year if he misses signficant time next season
Im seeing a pattern.....
Which is still crazy. Brees is clearly good enough to get mega numbers no matter where he is (which is shown by his big performances in some outdoor playoff games)
Dont forget 2010 where he shredded the Seahawks defense only for the whole team forget how to tackle
QBR is a horrible stat. He had a pretty good season and is a good QB, but he also didn't have to throw as much as some other QBs due to the talent he had around him
Cousins had next to nothing around him last year
I mean its gotta be up there seeing the numbers Goldy has put up for such little money. But then again I personally don't count pre-arb deals for these kind of a questions
I know, just saying Browner wasn't just a Pats star
We still won the game today
That attitude is how you end up with career criminals. I think what he did was absolutely horrible/disgusting but if you served your time and have shown you have changed you should be allowed a second chance IMO The state doesn't require him to be on the sex offenders list anymore so they obviously feel he's done enough to proven that hes changed
We are gonna have to agree to disagree
Actually of the people who were allowed to vote over 60% showed up
Lol if you wanted a literal majority of Americans to vote you'd have to lower the voting age to the low teens which is a horrible idea
The ballots weren't done being counted when that article was published. It even says that in the first paragraph. https://www.google.com/amp/www.pewresearch.org/fact-tank/2017/05/12/black-voter-turnout-fell-in-2016-even-as-a-record-number-of-americans-cast-ballots/%3famp=1
Melo is older and out of his prime so it makes sense he wouldn't net as much as Boogie. While Oladipo turned out a lot better than people thought he still was youngish and clearly had talent to be pretty good. Sabonis also was super young and only had 1 year in OKC before getting moved Its not insane to think the Pacers felt they could legitamely ultilize those players better and help them reach their potential rather than the narrative which was "pacers just accepted shit for George because they are incompetent"
I get that, I just think it's silly he gets praise for moving Boogie to get a better pick like it was some super smart move. Could have simply released or benched Boogie and accomplished the same thing Its what he got back in the deal for him that should be judged
I honestly forgot about Urias lol
I just think the people you talked to don't understand WAR because based on career WAR Pujols is still one of the greatest of all time
I mean it also doesnt help Trout is pretty bland as a superstar and doesnt have a remarkable look For example Harper is way more famous than him because he has magazine style and is more outspoken
I'd take Sale over Kershaw in any amount of contract at this point. Sale isnt that much worse than Kershaw and has great durability
Sale is a lot better than Bum in the regular season actually
As an outsider Id say the Titans game for you guys. That colts game was mostly extremely bad luck as I remember you guys had like 6 starters (4 of them were All-pro caliber players) go down over the course or the game. Its next to impossible to gameplan for losing that much talent in the middle of a game
Yeah I think thats the one flaw Lebron has as a player. He's gotta be the main focus of the system and in complete control of everything basketball related or else he gets mad Spolstra is a great basketball mind and it feels like those Heat teams could have had more rings if the stars didnt run the team the way they wanted
That NOOOOOOO when he missed it sums up pre-2009 Saints history better than anything
Yup. Id also say Beastquake, Willams' missed tackle, and the Vernon Davis catch were right up there in terms of pretty bad moments too
My point is the players looked like they were still trying to figure how to all play their own games at the same time while Lebron looked out of wack that whole series. I think if the team bought into Spolstra and a system right away they would have done better IMO They just had so much more individual talent than the Mavs and there's no good reason for them to lose that series IMO
I think its honestly not as bad now. The Warriors crushing them kind of shows who the better team was and 1 game wouldn't change it JRs Blunder would really only look worse if Cavs won this game and the series was only tied instead of them being up 2-0
No problem, its a good perspective to have on life
So Terrorism = directly fighting to protect your lands from an army that conquerors, kills, and rounds up your people? Becsuse if you honestly think what the Native Americans did or could have done to protect themselves constitutes as legit terrorism you have a warped view of American history IMO
I mean Native Americans never hid among civilians so that part isnt true And as far as I know they didnt blow up schools either
I mean if he didnt do the Killdozer no one would have even really known about the corruption. The only reason we are even talking about this is because he took extreme measures
The guy who owned Gambles was on the city council who fucked him over
2011 Dodgers 2.0 Muncy = Andre Ethier Walker Buehler = Clayton Kershaw Matt Kemp = Matt Kemp
Matt Kemp, Chris Taylor and Max Muncy have all been really good. We have also won 12 of our last 16 games We are underperforming from preseason expectations but we are far from slumping as of now
I mean the teams that missed out on superstars would try to build a team full of role players that could work together. I dont think they would get shafted as much as people think if there was also a salary floor
I hope there's a sequence of him sneaking behind Wick and clumsily ducking behind trees every time Wick turns around
The thing about basketball is being on such a talented team often hurts players numbers. Curry, Durant, and Green all require touches which hurts Klays numbers to the point where individually he's not putting up the numbers to make a All NBA team consistently However he's stilly putting up awesome numbers with elite efficiency on a dynasty level squad, so I cant imagine voters will hold the lack of All NBA teams too much agaisnt him in the end
Brees had noticeablely better numbers with only 1 more loss than Peyton I honestly think having 1 more win than someone else in a team sport doesnt make up for a decent stat gap but thats just me
To be fair they did give him a lot of offensive talent to work with (Harrison, Wayne, Garcon, Edge, Addai, Clark)
Yeah I lost 50 pounds from senior year of high school to my freshman year of college. Even to this day 3 years later I still have the confidence of my 225 pound self who worked out/ate less because of hate for my body
I was actually in favor of him getting drafted due to second chances and the fact the state deemed him not a threat However your point about pro players being around children a lot I think changed my mind because it might be a temptation for him and thats not fair to those kids just trying to enjoy a game. he'll have influence and power over kids as he'd be someone they look up to when he plays so that further increases the chance he'll be in a situation where he could do something bad to one of them
If Obama said/did the stuff Trump says Obamas negative story % would have been like 90 or 95 percent. He also would have been impeeched.
I make that statement under the basis that Obama was trashed for stuff that is extremely small compared to what Trump has done and said. Everytime Obama said something that wasnt 100% perfect the media had a field day. I mean the man had countless negative stories about his suit choices Obama had some scandals but nothing compared to the Russian interferences that Trump has been involved in which could almost constitute treason. Not to mention Trumps discrimative policies back when he was just a businessman and the whole sexual assault/stormy daniels issues. Those are all serious moral damaging scandals that would have killed Obamas political career People wanted Obama gone for stuff that we would just shrug off or just accept now with Trump
Fair enough
What has Obama really said that's anywhere close to just one of the countless crazy ass things Trump has said? Also the Media trashed Obama for his suit colors. Its not like he was some golden boy who the media never criticized....
You know Trump has done that shit too on top of countless other disgusting things. I dont know how anyone can honestly compare Obama to Trump but I guess I shouldn't be too suprised with all the hardcore Obama haters out there
Injuries dont help
Could say the same for you Lol
Kemp, Muncy, Stripling and Taylor (4 of our best players this year) could have been easily picked up by anyone who wanted them over the past couple years Turner was also DFAd by the Mets before we picked him up
Im sure most Caps fans couldnt care less that the Pens have more Stanley Cups now that they have one of their own (and also at the expense of the Pens too)
The point was they barely beat the Rockets with KD, so replacing him with a noticeablely worse player would cause them to lose. The Warriors this year needed KD or a guy with similar talent to him (which is a very tiny list of guys)
His defense is awesome though. Even if his offensive game never becomes great its hard to call him a straight up bust
Robot pitchers are needed
Along with their starting lineup outside of Lebron. Cant afford Lebron, CP3 AND Capela
Its better to say its really difficult to put together a team without a top 3 player that can win a championship. Especially in today's age of megateams where having at least 3 All Star caliber players is pretty much required to win a championship
Its a silly comment because they only signed 1 All Star, not a whole team of them like he implies
Yeah but they built their team through the draft and good development. It wouldn't have mattered if they signed KD if they didnt already have a homegrown superteam in the first place Acting like the Warriors bought a championship is stupid since they only had the money by making smart business moves over the past half decade. Not their fault that the rest of the league didnt draft any of their key players when they were coming into the league or hire Steve Kerr
I mean not exactly. The talent different between your guys and their replacements are lesser because your starters weren't super talented to begin with Dodgers, Giants and D-backs all needed minor league callups to replace star level players which is a massive difference in talent
Those numbers dont make up for his lack of defense in the MVP race which is his point
That would have caused massive harm to the players association so he didn't really have the choice of joining the Celtics Durant still made a ton of money on the Warriors which is why the players are ok with what he did as a pure basketball move
The only thing that at one point was proabaly close to equal were their ceilings as young players IMO Puig has/had the raw/pure natural talent of Trout but wasn't able to put it all together in his career while Trout has surpassed all expectations for himself
:(
If someone asked me who the 3 most unlikely all stars we could have this year before the season started thats proabaly about who I would have said Lmao
Yeah Agon was on his way down but Belly bascially put the final nail in his career in LA
Super young top 5 player with 3 years left of control is proabaly the most valuable thing you can get right now if you want to win
Because the NCAA wants everyone to think athletes should care about their schools over their themselves (which is really stupid)
The best advice I personally got was to look at things as they have a limited timeframe and will eventually end no matter what. That way when things don't work out or dont go your way just think "It was eventually gonna end, just stopped a little sooner than I thought". Granted you shouldn't constantly think about something ending or else you wont ever live in the moment, but at the same time when it does end its a good way to look at something. Allows you to see it in a larger perspective rather than a "this is my entrie life" type issue
Fair, but carried implies lesser talent around him. I wouldnt describe the Falcons like that at all as they have constantly brought in really good players to help Ryan
People who wreck the Blazers for the Oden pick proabaly didn't watch college basketball or followed the draft around that time. Oden was pretty much the consensus #1 guy who showed HOF potential in college
The Hartford Yardgoats are another team too Lmao
Career
Damn thats the most impressive thing
Tell that to all the minorities in prison on weed related crimes
Watching a bunch of your friends and people you work with lose their jobs and then seeing your paper become the butt of jokes when a mistake right after is made is pretty rough
Thats little different because Civil War was mainly focused on characters that already had their own movies or have been in a bunch. Guys like Black Panther and Spider-Man were mostly side characters 3 of the main justice league cast never had a previous movie
I was wrong then, thought it was the other way around. Disregard my statement about Black Panther then Lol
Hate to say it but if the team really wants to move they will regardless of whether you suck or not If Kawahi is traded to the Kings its still possible the owners would move and use him as a draw in whatever new market they go to
I never said that the kings were moving for sure. I was responding to the guy who said that the kings would move if they continued to suck My point was that if a team wants to move they'll move. Not that the kings specfically want to move
Down the road its possible if we get the right mix of bench players. Assuming we bring Boogie or a another star player in with the money we have open we'd have a core of Jrue-AD-Boogie/Star. If we stay healthy and our bench isnt bad thats a top 5 or top 4 team in the West with the potential to do some damage in the playoffs. In a couple years I dont think its unreasonable for us to make a run (maybe not win, but at least put up a fight and go deep)
Guess we'll see, our team was/is beat to hell so if guys start coming back halfway through we could overtake them. The fact we are doing so good without so many good players is a testament to our team
In the US soccer academies cost TONS of money. However kids can be drafted to minor league baseball right out of high school so they dont have to pay a ton of money to get quality coaching Travel soccer is also similar in price to travel baseball from what I've seen. The only thing in baseball that could cost a lot are gloves and bats, but you can find cheaper ones for less money and most youth baseball teams share bats to a degree anyways
The schools can have teams (not all do), but from what ive seen growing up in a poorer area inner city soccer isn't usually given prioriy at all compared to basketball, baseball or football. Pretty much the only way you'll have high quality soccer coaching is through acadmies which cost a lot of money.
I think it has more to do with Trout only going 1-5 this week (obviously not his fault)
As sad as it is to see a 20 year old die, being that age doesnt excuse being an asshole or having super shitty behavior. Obviously he didnt deserve to die, but you also shouldn't romanticize an asshole like they were some saint IMO
Fame obviously isnt easy to deal with but its also not an excuse to beat people up and be homophobic. That kind of attitude is not holding people to a high enough standard and is part of the reason famous people act so shitty sometimes
Kemp is a good Dodger through and through
A good amount of the girls I'm friends with are on or used Tinder and showed me some of the messages they got. Let's just say that the guys who just said Hey or asked a normal question to open were the vast minority
I agree
And fairly so since all ballparks are different
Having an established good player at a postion never stopped the Kings before (I mean look at all the bigs they drafted when they had Cousins)
I think generational is way too strong of a word for him but he's still really fucking good
Yeah, it was essentialy a random break in. There's nothing Taylor did specifically to be targeted except for the fact he had money
Alabama had a game where they ended up going down to 3 players against a team with a full squad. Bama almost ended up winning anyways
Its more about his back being fucked up
Why would a rock want Kershaw?
Max Muncy and Aguilar are gonna get snubbed this year
Unlike Ortiz who didnt have any other concerns outside of the 2003 test, the corked bats sort of took away the benefit of the doubt though for Sosa. Fair or not, a lot of guys think "If he cheated for sure one way, why wouldn't he cheat another?"
Even as a saints fan I have to disagree with that. Rodgers is better than Brees since he's just so much more impactful as a running QB while still putting up amazing passing numbers
He threw it like no one else because he had to. We were always giving up points on almost every single opposing drive which means you cant really afford to run the ball as much
We literally had 3 of the worst defenses in NFL history during Brees tenure. I think you are understating how bad we were
Jeter and Beltre were extremely effective in later seasons. Randy Johnson too. Does that mean they were all cheating? Ortiz mostly played DH in his later career which allowed him to age better in terms of less stress on his body and being able to focus solely on hitting Sosa was literally caught cheating before. Thats way more tangible than a personal opinion
Even though its possible it was a conspiracy to get us that pick, we also had like a 13% chance of getting it legitly so its possible we just lucked out. Teams with lower odds than that win all the time
He played at a time where players weren't expected to leave early
I mean they can spend a ton of money when pursuing Lebron anyways so I dont see how this is that much different except it would end up helping people
I dont know, I feel like people would be more ok with something they felt wasnt a pre-mediated outcome. Like when Lebron did the decision, he already decided he was going to the Heat When this would theoretically be announced people would know Lebron doesnt already know the outcome so it feels more authentic
Lets say Lebron didn't care about anything but how much a team wants him. Maybe he would choose the Magic if they spent 4x as much as anyone else on his trips visiting the team. The only reason you dont think OPs post and the decision are pretty similar same is that assume you know what Lebron wants If he did the charity thing it would tell us Lebrons priority is going to a team that is willing to donate the most money to chairties. Which honestly isn't too far from picking a team becasue you like the city, respect the franchises history, or they have players you like on the team already as they all just reflect personal preference on how a franchise conducts/conducted itself
If he could have seriously played at 100% he would have played. They didnt keep him out the whole year so he'd have a better chance at ROTY Lol
Kershaw closed out the 2016 NLDS against the Nats 2 days after throwing over 100 pitches to win the series , including facing Daniel Murphy who was so fucking good that year. He has handled pressure situations, just isnt nearly as consisent as he could be
I was more talking about how clutch those 2 outs were in winning us that series, not necessarily the distance he went......
To be honest any postseason game makes me nervous, no matter who's pitching, because anything can happen. Thats the beauty of baseball While Bum is a great pitcher he's also got worse stuff and skill than Kershaw. Ill take the stuff and skill and hope for the best in a one game playoff as postseasons are extremely small sample sizes of a players resume which makes them not the best reflection of a guys skill
This is true, but he's also been pretty much the best player in baseball by a significant margin over the last half decade. They've only played 3 playoffs games in 5 years with him which is absolutely crazy (injuries are a bitch but they also have made some pretty bad signings and trades that hurt them)
Yeah when your defense hasn't given up 30 at all this year and you got studs at a lot of key postions any above average QB is gonna look like a great QB on paper. The cowboys D is what really killed us, not Dak
You seriously think if he put in any other pitchers in those situations that instantly means the Red Sox wouldn't score? Because thats just silly and is massively disrespecting how good the Sox offense was
Doesn't mean he was good. He made Roberts 2018 WS level mistakes all the time but our raw talent could overcome it Prime Kershaw, Prime Greinke, Prime Puig, Prime Hanley, a just slightly declined AGon, a good version of Uribe, elite Kenley, a still effective Crawford/Beckett, Ethier when he was still good and some others. I still remember that time he let Chris Perez walk 4 batters straight before pulling him while only down 2 runs in a crucial game against Pittsburgh. Thats when I realized he was a serious problem for us
We should have won in 2017 but some of our players failed us in big situations. We easily could have a ring right now with him so its silly to act like he automatically means we cant win one
Kentucky is not trash and not all losses are the same. Being able to hang with a top 2 team in the country while beating two other top 15 teams is pretty good and worthy of being ranked
Ok good argument
I thought we were just talking about this season?
You think the Giants will be contenders again within a couple years? Its feels like they will need more time than that unless they just spend a shit ton of money on a bunch of top end FAs and all their prospects pan out
First off even if thats "fair" prospect value its doesnt matter since a contender isn't looking to get fair value for a guy like CT3. They would only do it for a massive overpay since star players on cheap deals is pretty much priceless to a contending team with a highish payroll. Having a guy like Taylor for cheap allows for signing or re-signing other guys you need while still getting great production
Yeah people dont realize how good he is
Ingram was borderline All-Pro last year. He was more than just great
I mean Sumlin told him to find a new school so its not like he transferred completely on his own (granted I think Sumlin was right at the time to put his foot down)
There's nothing wrong with being single or sexless unless you are so into the idea of having a partner that it affects how you go about your day IMO If you just don't think you'll ever date or dont want to you can just focus on other stuff in life (like friends) which can still be a good life
If Dallas makes a deep run I wouldn't be so sure. He helped transform that offense into something extremely workable
Because there is plenty of evidence against what he's saying. Essentially saying that because a person never said explicitly they are something means they arent that is silly. Actions speak louder than words and Trumps actions have shown what he supports (which is rich white straight men like himself)
Not every minority likes their race or other minorities. Im half Native American and I've seen a handful of Native Americans who literally didn't care about their tribe once they left Im not saying the minorities/gays/women supporting Trump aren't allowed to, but I'll always think those that do support him are going against the wellbeing of their race/sexuality/gender in general
Yeah totally agree, money is the main reason you see people turn their back on members of their race/sexuality/gender
Lol yeah its pretty funny
Based on the things he's said about Mexicans/muslims, the fact he's never denounced white supremacists when asked, the people he associates himself, him questioning Obamas birth place, and the way he acted about Puerto Rico, I dont think its a stretch to say he doesn't like minorities The fact his businesses were sued twice for discrimination practices seems to fit into that trend so I tend to believe them
Vurdugo, Puig/Joc, May would be proabaly the most we'd offer. You'd get two ML ready OFs and a potential star pitching prospect who's just a couple years away Klubers age is the only reason I dont see you guys getting a guy like Belly in exchange
Having access to top end trainers/instructors from birth and being used to pressure to perform probably helps a lot
He was still an asshole for letting it get that far but how do you know he didn't just suddenly realise how wrong he was? I've been in situations before where I just did something without thinking but noped the fuck out as soon as I was thinking critically about it
Kanye didn't deny slavery, he said that it was on black people for letting themselves be kept down for so long (which isn't good either, but better than denying it happened)
Holocaust deniers literally dont think the holocaust happened. They say it was all propaganda and the camp photos were staged The ones who dont think it was as extreme as facts say are more like Holocaust skeptics since they still believe it happened but question how extensive it was (which is also extremely dumb IMO, but not as bad as flat out denying it completely)
Bellinger isnt getting traded for Realmuto so he doesn't have to worry about that
No way. He lead the league in steals and assists, scored 23 points a game, and did it while shooting over 50% from the floor. He also didn't have a ton of talent around him watching him that year he absolutely was on Kobes/Wade/Dwight level in terms of impact. LeBron was the best but there's no objective way to say that Paul was clearly below them outside of just looking at MVP voting (which isnt always the best way to judge who's the best player) And even if you wanna argue his 2008-2009 season his 2007-2008 one he was for sure top 3. If you wanna look at MVP voting he was 2nd that year
Haha thats cool, you cant go wrong with any of those guys honestly
I honestly dont know. Kike is a 3 WAR utility guy and played in like 140 games so I cant really come up with what we'd want for him. He's proabaly worth a lot more to us than another team since we move him around so much All I know is we almost certainly wouldn't trade him for a stopgap catcher
I had a really rough childhood and the times I had alone got me through it. So when I say I'm happy being single I mean it I still have a good amount of friends which is enough for me. I can still do what I want and be alone a lot while still being able to have plans to do stuff and people to talk to when I want it
I agree it depends a lot. My best friend is Muslim and was born in a country with a massive hatred towards gay people and his family moved here with still having some of those beliefs. He personally doesn't like the idea of gayness but he totally understands that he has no control over people and is accepting of gay marriage So even though we disagree on whether gayness is ok, Im good with having him as a close friend as he doesn't try to change the world to fit his view
Scherzer beat him in strike rate, had a lower WHIP, and a nearly identical ERA+. I think Scherzer deserved to win that year even if Kersh had a couple more starts
I actually kind of agree
I dont disagree completely, I juet think that getting the money from the racist grandfather (rather it go to people who would use it to further support his beliefs) and using it for good is enough to justify the moral sketchyness of the situation IMO
So she was Bi not lesbian haha
Obviously its not an excuse but if there's an underlying issue it suggests it can be potentially fixed with therapy. If that's just his personality its a different story
Do you know how much Sosas 20 HR month was worth?
Kemp fell off majorily in the second half and Puig is on a 1 year deal. I seriously doubt the Indians would want to move Kluber for any deal thats based around either one
Getting Roberts back is actually better than getting a complete unknown. The WS loss and Puig going suck a ton though
We still got Cartaya and Ruiz in the farm so we could stomach losing Smith for a guy like Kluber
If you stopped using everyone in our bullpen that had failed in previous situations by the time that second Madson situation happened wed have be down to like 1 or 2 relievers. Sometimes you gotta roll the dice on guys even if you aren't sure about them Im sure Roberts was hoping he would at least not give up a homer which is pretty fair to expect out of an ok reliever
I kind of agree. The only good thing is that we can use the prospects we got from the Reds to bulk up our package for Kluber I guess
Thats pretty silly to say when scouts think pretty highly of him. He could bust but he's got legit talent
Thats how basketball is. NBA is my least favorite of the sports I follow because of this :(
Yeah we arent getting Harper. And Im sort of happy about that since he's gonna cost so much money
The only thing is that getting a pick sixes as a defensive player can really help add to your future contract negotiations so players should be looking to stat pad as much as possible But I agree that looking at it as a football decision he should have just went down
Sherman in his prime LOB days was still breaking up passes and making plays so he got a lot of broadcast attention for that
We don't do whatever we want. We have lost/didnt sign a number of players that we wanted Guys like Marrow and Greinke were key parts that we lost over the past couple years for example
Acting like a bad penalty call decides an entire 60 minute game is silly
When talking about an older pitcher who's likely to decline production wise within the next couple years it absolutely makes sense to consider your window of contention Padres are almost certainly 2 years away at the very least and that would mean Kluber would be 35. Trading major league pieces for him also means the window of contention is a little more murky because you are essentially betting on top prospects being good players as soon as they come up to make up for the guys you traded I wouldn't call the Padres dumb for trading for Kluber, but I do think its proabaly too optimistic for them to expect contentionsion so soon and could bite them in the ass since it would put a lot more pressure on the young guys to come up and perform day one in a top heavy division
He can get deals as a baseball player too. Trout, Harper, Bryant, Altuve and others get commericals and stuff too
Still need to eat a ton of his contract. No team is taking the entire deal based on 1 good half Hell Cano is a legit great player and he still needed a good chunk of money eaten on his deal when he got traded along with Diaz being included
Switching constantly between QBs is how you end up with a bad situation. You gotta stick with the more talented/consistent option (Wentz) even during his down times as long as he's healthy enough to play at a high level. One amazing playoff run with a chip doesnt mean a QB is unfallable (Flacco)
The Ravens have a guy who did that and he was on the verge of being benched for a long time before it finally happened this seaaon
I just think the Cowboys matchup really well with us. They can certainly beat us in a hard nose defensive battle and with their running game and revamped passing attack they can hang with us in a shootout too I hope I'm wrong but this team doesn't look as good as their record is based on recent weeks
What those dont mention is that baseball contracts are 100% guarenteed while football ones are not. For example Giancarlo Stanton is on a fully guaranteed 300 million contract which is more than double the guarenteed money any football QB is going to see throughout their careers Also Trout hasnt hit the open market yet which he will within a couple years. And when that happens he's going to making almost 50 mil a year
Maybe not a major shootout, but I could see you guys still winning if we score under like 28
Its because they finally picked good players in the draft, not because Boogie left
The fact nobody picked him in 7 rounds and Denver then helped turn him into a pro bowler in his rookie year is crazy impressive on their part. Its silly to act like UDFAs are guarenteed impact guys and the Broncos are lucky that Lindsay picked them over every other team
You know how rare it is for a guy to be good when picked up as a UDFA? Its insanely low. Most don't even make rosters If Lindsay was seen as a potential great player in the draft he wouldn't have made it out of the 7th round. you have to give a ton of credit to the Broncos for helping make something out of a guy no one would have been shocked to see cut before the season started
The thing is that Brees had not much in terms of offensive talent PLUS a historically bad defense. He didnt have a Pro Bowl/All pro WR, TE or RB in any of the 7-9 years
Or in 2011
No way. The football lineman would dominate since they know the correct blocking techniques and stratgies while also being strong as fuck (they lift and train in ways to specifically help them block guys from running past them which the NBA guys dont) Also whoever is QBing for the NBA players would likely have no chemistry with his receivers which would kill them
If he cared about MVPs more than anything he would have played the extra games in 2009 he sat out for since he had a legit chance to win that year
RBs have been good, but not great usually. We have pretty much always had a RB by committee which isnt usually isn't present in teams with elite run games
Because Coors heavily inflates batting numbers. Football doesnt have that kind of field impact difference in terms of stats usually
I agree but I dont usually find blondes as attractive so Im gonna be biased there Lol
The injury part is the real concern. As a LSU fan thats what scared me most about him as a player
Athletes are even bigger and faster now so being 5"9 is a major disadvantage Also if Flutie is the only example of a guy that size making it there's proabaly truth to that size not being enough to get you by
There were a couple games where having Bell might have been the difference so its hard to say that with any certainty
Any era in the CFL*
They might not have a choice if we trade for them. Yankees traded for Chapman when they already had a clear closer
He's 35 and seems to being getting worse mentally. The risk of having a guy hurt or kill someone in your facility just to get potentially a good guard seems like a bad idea
8 games on the last day mattered in regards to playoff seeding and no divisional round matchups were set before the day started. Then we had one of the most exciting playoffs and then one of the greatest world series all on top of all that Still cant believe that year happened Lol Edit: also Kershaw and Verlander both won pitching triple crowns that year. Matt Kemp was 1 homerun off of a 40/40 season and almost won the batting triple crown too
Im not saying MT is better, but he's not way worse is all I'm saying
Look up the Bhopol disaster
Smithereens was one of my favorite episodes I've watched in the series. The acting was incredible and presented a real negative aspect of social media (its addictiveness) and the consequences that can stem from it I dont think the season as a whole felt like old Black Mirror but I enjoyed it a lot. Not everything has to be super deep and depressing to be a good episode and I feel that they already did most super dark topics regarding technology. Honestly pretty much anything they did would either be seen as a rehash or too different from old black mirror IMO
A guy on the edge of killing himself, being racked with guilt about how he accidently killed his wife and a stranger and got away with it because the other driver was drunk, taking a hostage and threatening to shoot him countless times, and ultimately being killed by the police is kid friendly?
Sanchez played like 50 games and came in second his rookie year lol
Casey Anthony and OJ were acquitted but we all know that they weren't innocent. This sounds exactly like another one of those cases since Tyreek on the tape says some terrifying things to his girlfriend and with his past are almost certainly genuine threats. Also doesnt deny anything she was saying about absuing their son which almost any person would immediately correct if they didnt do it
He got us Chris Taylor so it all worked out
We have the most Cy Youngs and ROY winners ever though. Also even though we don't have a ton of guys with a crazy high amount of career WAR we got a lot of super famous players who just didn't have as long of careers because of reasons outside of their control Jackie Robinson - came up late because of color barrier Koufax - Career ended while at his peak due to injury Mike Piazza - arguably best offensive catcher of all time. Traded to Mets halfway into his career though Clayton Kershaw - one of the most dominant pitching runs ever in his peak who lost some value because of injuries in amazing 2013, 2016 and 2017 seasons. Will almost certainly get to around 70 or 80 WAR barring complete fall off Roy Campanella - one of the best catchers ever but came up later in his career due to color barrier
Its true though based on avaliable records
Even if he become an all star thats a really bad trade for us. Granted Yordan was no where near as good when we moved him haha
Im pretty sure this will be the worst trade of our current FOs history. Good job Astros on devloping and getting him to where he is
Knowingly having sex with underage girls is disgusting, but in the 70s there wasnt social media or other ways for people to perform background checks when you met up with someone. If a girl told you she was 16 and had a fake ID I dont see how you could even find out she was lying from face value. It would take finding her family and questioning them on how old she is I mean my sister is 13 and gets hit on by 18 year olds because she looks a lot older than she is. Its not crazy to assume a 14 or 15 year old could pass for 16
Everyone is entitled to their opinions but calling Chernobyl "just ok" feels weird to me since its pretty much a textbook example of how to do everything right as a show. Also the highest rated show on IMDB so its not like its just a few people constantly praising it You don't have to like the material or documentries but as a show its objectively very well done
There's occasionally guys who get drafted as ceremonial or publicity selections so it does kind of suck to see guys who's shown some promise go undrafted completely
Yeah America has plenty of gun violence too. Nipsey Hussle just got killed last month
Same
Pretty much all of that lead came within the last couple years. 2017, 2018 and 2019 Scherzer has been way better Its silly to say Scherzer has been better since 2015 by using a 5 year culminate stat Lol
You cant safely project a 35 year old to be elite over the next 3 to 4 years honestly Right now Kershaw's peak is one of the best peaks ever by a pitcher. He should have won 5 Cy Youngs but unfortunately injury and a storyline cost him 2. So IMO he's the best pitcher of his generation unless Scherzer ages extremely gracefully
If you tolerate your partner only because they are really hot its never gonna be a healthy relationship
Darvish got pulled before the end of the 2nd inning after giving up his 4th run which is pretty reasonable. Its not like Mattingly leaving in Kershaw for 4 to give up 9 runs We still had a reasonable chance to win that game but our offense sucked way too much for us to win
You still don't automatically write off a super talented pitcher after one bad start even if one of his pitches look off. Darvish was one of our best pitchers up until that world series Yeah his slider wasnt as good but that first inning was really unlucky and I'm sure Roberts was assuming Darvish could do better in the second. I mean its not like he gave up 4 runs in the first, it was 2 with it mostly coming from errors and bregman stealing 3rd base Sure he could have pulled him earlier but I dont think its some egregiously bad decsion. It was on Darvish not Roberts
Kershaw had his troubles too so he wasn't a guaranteed clean outing either. I'm not saying it was the rignt decision but Its not something I consider god awful either as he still pulled him with plenty of time for us to come back Our offense was the real culprit for us losing that game
Brees only has like a 5 million cap hit in 2021. Also if we cut guys like Malcom Brown or Patrick Robinson we gain another 10 mil in cap space that year. Plus there's other cuts we can make. Personally I think you are overreacting since I'm pretty sure we can get Lattimore, Kamara, and MT signed for 60 mil combined
To be fair the TJ was pretty freak in terms of injury but this is troubling
:(
Stanton looks pretty effortless with his power too IMO
Depends on who comes back. If they only lose Durant (who wouldnt play this season anyways) I still think they are going to be dangerous as fuck
They could definitely get some veteran bench pieces for the minimum. They got an insanely good core that older players would love to join
Yeah people are being a little premature with calling the dynasty over. Even if they dont go super far next year I think in 2021 they'll have a chance to win again if Klay comes back healthy
Thats easier said than done. When I was growing up in the inner city I saw countless families try to save but kept having to pay money constantly fixing things becuse they couldn't afford to drop a month payment on something new AND have enough food/rent Being poor isnt always as simple as saving enough money and then you wont be poor. They still gotta pay for food, utlities, rent, health insurance/doctors bills, and car payments all on like 20-30k a year
Oh I don't think the dialogue is pointless, just that they didn't really need to show Ros fingering another girl to orgasm while he said everything IMO
Yeah i think they just wanna show off their mature ratings and do stuff that differentiates themselves from network shows. Although I dont think they realize you dont need to show nudity or graphic violence all the time, just when it makes sense
His walk rate is 14.4% which is 11th and his K% rate is 14.7% which top 30. Thats an amazing combination of vision that few players have. If you look at statcast and they have his expected batting average at .374 (best in the majors, next closest is .342) as he's got an extremely high level of quality contact. He also leads the majors in expected slugging as well by a decent margin. He's an extremely smart batter so thats why people think he can sustain it. Not saying its likely he becomes the next Pujols or Miguel Cabrera but he's certainly got a non-impossible shot at it considering how he looks at the plate
I was thinking biweekly but yeah minimum wage is usually weekly
If people haven't watched season 4 yet they wouldn't know Eve was in the show. so this would spoil that for them
The dialogue does though. Like if you know anything about Adam and Eves story you'd know instantly who she is Lol
We'll just have to agree to disagree
The last few years bascially every reliever we traded for was trash outside a few exceptions. It all depends on how much the FO is willing to give up for a good reliever
Reminds me a little of Chris Carters best sounding homerun: https://youtu.be/k1yhoICBcqg
Morrow was a signing. Also I said there were a couple exceptions
People forget David West and Tyson Chander were awesome for us with CP3
If you look who the picks actually were it was a good deal. Neither of the guys we would have gotten with the first round picks had the talent/ability of Jrue The reason we could make the Boogie trade and give ourselves a real shot at making a playoff run 2 years ago was because we had Jrue as a 3rd star who could perform when needed
Ive seen better teams than us get knocked out in the divisional round. It doesnt matter how well you play in the regular season, its how good you do in the playoffs If a wilcard team comes in with a really hot rotation we could get fucked up. Our offense is really prone to cold stretches and the bullpen can become a dumpster fire at any moment. Obviously we'll be the favorites no matter who we play but we shouldn't get too cocky or presumptive until we actually win playoff games IMO Like the 2002 As, 2003 Braves, 2008 Cubs, 2011 Phillies, and the 2014 Angels all were awesome teams who got knocked out by wildcard teams
There's no way you can consider current day Kershaw as better than 2011 Halladay, Hamels, or Lee. Thats super homer Also just because they lost a best of 5 series doesn't invalidate their performance that year. Not to mention it wasnt even their pitching that lost them that series, the cards staff got super hot and the phillies offense fizzled out. The 2011 Cards also won the world series that year so its not like they lost to a bunch of nobodies either
Yeah those future picks could be really nice post Lebron
Dont know why you think I'm trying to argue for Iggy getting in Lol
They said acquaintances which isnt friends. If they were close friends before the affair I'd be more on the wife going side. But the fact they bascially didnt really have a relationship outside of the time they hooked up in the affair makes it weird for her to go IMO
Warren doesnt really fit with our lineup though. Jrue is 2, Igram is 3, Zion is 4/5. We'd want a actual facilitator as our PG IMO
Hey don't forget 2013. We were 31-42 on June 21st and still ended up winning the division with 92 wins Lmao
2011 Philles definitely had a super team pitching staff. Had Roy Halladay, Cole Hamels and Cliff Lee in their primes to go alone with a decent version of Roy Oswalt and the best version of Vance Worley (who was 3rd in ROY voting)
http://np.reddit.com/r/lakers/comments/c1cark/can_we_give_pelinka_some_credit/ Maybe not calling him genius, but they certainly were trying to imply Pelinka was pretty smart
He's more average in some of the stats, but thats fair. I'm probably just overrating him based on his potential
I cant wait until they implement this feature in the next OOTP just like when they added the two way player feature when Ohtani came over
And KD. Bol Bol has extremely high upside but man its hard to bet agaisnt Zion as being the best in this draft
Dude said "I fucked my class hamster when it was my week to take care of it" Really fucked up Lol
Deleted his whole account too
I dont think anyone really thought Davis was fucking over the Pelicans by saying he wanted out this year. It was his ambush attempt to force his way to LA that almost really hurt the Pels
Best I can do is a Yadier Alvarez
Calling Fernando a legit rotation guy (role player) at worst seems crazy. If he really had that kind of floor he'd likely have gone in the first since thats pretty valuable Reddish also has some major questions in terms of his offensive game and motor
Assuming you're comparing him to Bran, Bol would have to pretty much never play a single NBA minute to reach that status Lol
Tall rondo sounds pretty good to me. And I think its a little premature to call Ingram Wiggins 2.0 Lol
I mean no matter how good we were it was still super unlikely we'd ever beat the Warriors. Even as excited as I was when the Boogie trade went through there was still lingering doubt that anything would actually come from it in terms of finals appearances/championships
IMO it wasnt really phone bad, it was social media addiction bad. The little hits of dopamine you get from seeing a social media notification can cause someone to put their actual life experiences aside or distract yourself from whats going around you. This is bascially that but x100 Like some people I know literally put every single thing they do on their IG/snap stories. And if you are focused con just getting views or likes you're never gonna really be "in the moment" or pay complete attention to whats around you
Thats fair and I see your point. I just think too many people see violence against girls as a heinous act but dont have a big problem with dudes punching other dudes at bars or other places which is fucked up IMO Like look at the news coverage for athletes hitting girls in general (not even their SOs) vs. punching guys. Like I've seen guys who would fair worse than a lot of girls in fights but they wouldn't get treated the same as girls if they got beat up by a dude in the media
Yeah he's probably our worst contract right now. But Pollock is also a contender just because of how injury prone he is also Lol
He cant just ban all his cheating coworkers from coming on the same trips as him. If his friends were all cheaters I could understand what you said, but he likely has no control over the people he works with
Rose was bascially being forced into a marriage with Cal though because of family pressure Like Imagine having to marry someone you dont really love, who hits you, and acts like he is way better than everyone else who's poorer than him. Not to mention has a massive ego to the point where he forbids you from doing stuff outside of what he expects you to be Cal deserved to lose Rose and be shitted on IMO
Whoah I dont think Bellinger is quite on Dickersons level
Sure but pretty much every single guy contributing is someone we drafted or picked up on minor league signing. The contracts we absorb actually havent really brought us anything signficant in terms of value yet If we never absorbed a contract from another team we'd still be in a similar postion to where we are today
At that moment I think everyone realized Donny might not be the best manager lol
Yeah there were mutiple moments before, that was just one that really highlighted how bad he was from just a common sense standpoint
Funny thing is Morneau wasn't even top 10 in HRs for the AL. Although he was second in RBIs
We got enough good young players that I dont think we feel the loss of Yordan nearly as much as other teams would. Like we got Joc, Bellinger, and Verdugo in the outfield so I'd be pretty hard to fit him consistently seeing as we dont have a DH
Russell "Playoff Grandal" Martin
3rd depending on how much you like Diego Cartaya (#1 international prospect last year)
2013 might be my favorite just because of how entertaining they were Uribe, Puig, Agon, and Hanley were so much fun to watch together Kershaw, Greinke and Kenley were also lights out that year too
After he did the body issue Im pretty sure there were a lot more gay guys and straight women watching Marlins games lol
Ian Desmond is a really good looking dude also
You switch the Rockets team outside Harden with guys like Middleton, Brogdan, Bledsoe, and Brook Lopez and Harden easily wins 60+ games IMO. I mean he won 53 with a corpse of a team
Just because we have Smith doesn't mean Ruiz is less valuable to a team without a good catching prospect
Closers are also the most volatile postion in all of baseball so he could easily suck next year. You aren't getting our #1 prospect plus one of our most talented pitchers
That is a good point. Having an extra reliever or bench guy could really come in handy The only thing I'd be worried about is if Ohtani ever went on the DL for something like a knee you'd be down both a pitcher and a hitter
Bellinger this season is a way better hitter than Ohtani and was still pretty good his rookie year, so I think he's at least a little better as a hitter. I think its more like do you want Cody Bellinger or a marginly worse Cody Bellinger who could potentially become a great pitcher You go with Ohtani in that situation though but its not as cut and dry as what you said IMO
Its by far the park with the highest run totals though. The air limits the movement of pitches making them easier to hit
We proabaly arent gonna pay for guys so its not really as nice as it looks on the outside Lol
Saints got rid of Hicks, not the other way around. We traded him in 2015 to the Pats for a medicore TE
What should be held in esteem then? I understand the pro bowl but the all-pro lists are generally pretty good and dont have the same extreme fan biases or injury replacements pro bowlers get
Darius Leonard did that last year at Linebacker which is even more insane. I would proabaly have an ego if that was me Lol
Its not just Lux, Dodgers dont want to move anyone. We could 100% get Betts without Lux if we wanted to
I think it'll be a debate as long as LSU contuines to have elite DBs in the NFL. We had 3 All pros this year and a future HOFer in Patrick Peterson whos still a very good corner right now
As it should. But that means the Bills weren't screwed by the call, they just got unlucky it happened on a key drive
Only judging by results instead of the process of how you got there is not typcially a good way to measure if a play was smart Lol
Yep. Saints and Dodgers have killed my love of postseason play Lol
If this is the peak for Falcons fans I feel a little bad honestly Lol
Game wouldn't have even gone to OT if the Refs didnt miss that call to be fair
How did you determine the NCAA rules have a less fair outcome rule?
If you read his second paragraph he said a big part of that is that there's no time limit for OT in college football overtime while there is one in the NFL. Having to go against the clock would make it hard to score twice in the OT period if the second team ran down the clock on their game tying TD
Prime Amare was 100% worth a max deal and the Suns letting him go basically made their window of potential convention closed for good. That first season in New York proved he wasnt just some system guy and without injuries he would have almost certainly lived up to his money IMO
He only had one year of prime play in NY due to injuries though. It wasnt age that killed him, his body just fell apart. I mean he played in all 82 games also his first year so its not like he started to fall apart his first year away from Phoenix Also he only signed a 5 year contract when he left, not 7 years. And I think the Suns window was only going to be for a couple years anways so even if they thought they'd only get two or so good years from Amare why not pay him so he around Nash for a couple more years and rebuild once they fall off?
Thats fair, but even with some concern about his knee I dont think the Suns necessarily made the right decision to not sign him at the time. They essentially decided to waste the last couple years of Nash they had by letting Amare leave and were willing put their franchise into purgatory until Nash retired/traded/left in free agency For a team like the Suns you gotta take risks since you'll never get a high level star free agent to come along. If you got a guy who's arguably a top 10-15 player and have a good team around him you should probably try to keep him even if he's not perfect or essentially risk free
So far there's nothing to suggest we cheated so take that for what you will
He wont unless we get to like .500 by the break. Booker has been amazing for a while but never made ASG because of team record
Teams mainly want players to hit for power and hitting .400 in current times would mean sacrificing it almost completely. Even then its not guaranteed as thats what Ichiro essentially did and he still never got close to .400
Using one game to discredit a guy is honestly stupid as hell. Brees has a SB MVP, constantly puts up amazing numbers and has more often than not been the biggest reason we have been true contenders recently
Burrow doesnt have quite the talent around him that Tua does Burrow - two day 1/2 WRs, and Day 1/2 RB. Decent but not amazing O-line Tua - 2 day 1 WRs + 2 Day 1 or 2 WRs. Two day 1 or 2 O-line prospects. 1 day 1 or 2 RB Tua has much more depth to work with while also having a more talented line. That helps immensely IMO
If you think being gay is wrong thats the definition of being homophobic. You dont have to understand it or want to be gay but hating it goes beyond that Saying something people are born as is wrong also is essentially implying you see them as less than human. Its like saying you think being black or a woman is wrong
The niece has a mom, the aunt is just providing financial support
Burrows is more impressive since he's doing it with less attempts against better competition. Although Brennan obviously didnt have the weapons Burrow has either
Depends on how good Myles is next year. LSU still has a lot of talent staying around
Oh I agree, but LSU being undefeated with the schedule they have is why 2011 Bama not being undefeated hurts them
As much as I was happy to see us move on from Miles a couple years back he's still one of the best coaches in school history and an absolute legend. Glad he's still supportive of us
Garbage time points with backups in shouldnt be the reason you discount a team from GOAT staus Lol
Brady is a LSU legend. Cant be mad at all
Reminded me a little bit of the River City Relay in terms of extreme hope turning into crushing defeat
Yeah we need playmakers at receiver
They easily could have laughed at the police officer and ignored his instructions and got the same effect. Nobody had to slap him on the ass or touch him to "give him a reminder of where his place is"
Cop was a dick and agree with the players laughing him off and ignoring him but you dont purposedully slap random people on the ass, especially in a way that can be seen as aggressive. Thats crossing a line IMO
Yasiel Puig?
Not just a title, had one of the most dominant seasons in CFB history. This team will be in the conversation as one of the best ever
Because some guys dont care about being fixed, have such bad mechanics its takes a long time to repair, or have something mental a shooting coach cant help with fully
The problem when it comes to guys taking roids is that you'll never know 100% when it started. You can have an idea when but if a guy is willing to take roids at any point in his career its possible he was doing something throughout it but never got caught
People act like the Bengals are the Browns or (pre this year) Bills when they have been one of the better teams of the 2010s even with their recent woes You're 100% right about the owner though. He's a big reason why they never were able to get over the playoff hump
Unless they are really dumb they wouldnt use the words fastball, curveball, ect. Like the NFL they would almost certainly have code words and phrases to signal things
Thats why I said it depends on what you want to do. Coding is one the exceptions to degrees being necessary to open more doors
Thats not true in all fields. When it comes to science jobs pretty much all decent entry level positions only require a bachelor's. If you want to get promoted really high up you'll likely need a masters or PHD, but often companies pay for it anyways and sometimes people during their bachelors have taken enough credits to shorten the masters part by a year or two
And its funny because America has a lot worse perception of sex and nudity than many European countries. We give movies Rs for having genitals in them but PG or PG-13 ratings for movies with killing in them
10% is still a pretty big number in regards to a sports team name
It essentially says 90% dont care/dont bother them, not that 90% like it I bet the 10% feel very strongly about it while the vast majority dont care becuase they have other issues to deal with. I kind of want to see a poll where the only options were like the team name or dont like the team name
If 10% of all members of a race find a team name offensive, not just bad, thats a pretty significant chunk of people. I highly doubt any other team in the American big 4 (or 5 counting soccer) sports hits anywhere close to that level
I mean using that logic a lot issues regarding minority groups should be ignored. The vast majority of people aren't gay, black or latino, ect. but their issues 100% deserve to be dealt with fairly even if the public as a whole isnt aware or doesnt cares much about them specifically Sure sometimes the vocal minority shouldnt win out but when it comes to a sizable minority caring a lot about an issue that affects them vs. a bunch of people not really caring either way I think you gotta consider helping the minority
Kuzma is 24. Thats still pretty young
They got SGA who helped them get Paul George. Probably would have had to trade MPJ too if they picked him Also back injuries are a bitch and can easily fuck up a career. Hope he stays healthy but he'll always have risk that most stars dont
MPJs injury history is pretty sketchy though. Back injuries are one of the worst ones you can get so I dont know if I would go that far
We are on a 11-4 stretch after finally getting people from injury and we have Zion debuting next game. Jrue/Lonzo/Ingram/Favors + Zion sounds like a playoff team to me 100%
True. Also if the Saints could go from Lions/Browns tier to what we have had since 2006 I think any team can
Zion has crazy hype among NOLA fans, just watch the live reactions when we won the lottery/drafted Zion. If he helps lead the team to deep playoff runs there's gonna be a lot of people super excited
Along with Brandon Webb, Kerry Woods and Dwight Gooden among others
Yeah allergies would be a good reason in my book to not want a cat around as much as i love cats myself
Texas fell off big time last year after that loss to us. Not saying its a slam dunk we beat them but I would put money on us over them
I disagree. Guys his age are super volatile and so much changes for 16 year olds. Rating a guy whos body is still changing a lot, hasnt played a single pro game yet, and in all likelihood would be at least 3-4 years out of the majors as anything more than a slightly above top 50 prospect seems crazy. Top 30 or top 20 should be for guys who are more polished and closer to the majors IMO I mean I remember when everyone was talking about Kevin Maitan as the second coming of Miggy at 16 and now he's potentially gonna never make the majors. Its just so hard to predict kids that age
Its pretty horrible to predict Zion to be a 15/10 guy when he's such a gifted scorer. Unless he's just becomes injured to hell and cant play well when he's on the court I think his floor is a 20/8 guy with tons of potential for growth in other categories and points
He bullied Gobert mutiple times in the preseason so its not like he cant beat those kind of guys out
Its magical to see a guy hyped up as him score 17 straight points in the 4th quarter and take the lead after being down by a good amount in his debut. Sure his defense wasnt good but its also his first game back from a severe injury. Also Zion was a decent to good 3pt shooter in college so him hitting open 3s isnt something super flukey Its very hard to come back from a horrible injury, let alone have your comeback/debut day be a nationally televised game and know you'll only have 18 or 20 mins total to get into a rhythm
If they only gave the church advice to be more open then I wouldnt even consider changing my fandom on that. We'll see if it's more but I think you should wait before jumping ship tbh
Dallas is a pretty good "What If?" if he could have avoided those concussions
Lebron is probably the closest thing we've seen to a perfect player this century
Thybulle is one of the best defensive players in the NBA as a rookie and is doing it in a crazy impressive way. Saying he could be one of the best defenders of all time isnt some scorching hot take that has no real merit IMO
Fans also fly and stay at hotels which can cost them upwards of thousands of dollars. Its not just the price of a game those fans are losing out on It fucking sucks regardless though
3rd game and we lost the previous two so yeah its his first
Its crazy how good Kemba went after starting 0-7 from the field
Nah. Its only a 3 game sample size. He's just in a little bit of a slump and should bounce back to being better soon
I think the difference is MJs records amd basketball accomplishments are touchable (very unlikely someone breaks all of them but Lebron has gotten some of them and close to others for example) while Gretzkys records/accomplishments are so far ahead of everyone else no one is ever going to come close
I said IF its just the Saints giving advice about dealing with the fallout or how to move forward PR wise its not something super terrible Is it possible the Saints did a lot more than that? Sure, since we dont know 100% what happened. But from what everyone is saying right now it doesn't sound like the Saints were helping them cover up crimes but rather navigate/process the PR nightmares they have
PR support that suggests them being more open and supporting of victims (which is what people are saying their advice was) isnt some horrendous thing. Even if was only implemented to benefit the churchs image that would still help the victims regardless If their advice was to cover up stuff and blame the victims than thats scumbag shit of the highest level. But right now thats not what it sounds like it was
I dont see how another trade in your team history even compares if you look at what you got vs. what the pieces given up turned in to IMO
Nah the floor is the way to go since there's already a soft cap pretty much with the luxury tax level. The real crime is teams being allowed to spend 40 or 50 million and having an upper cap wouldnt fix that either unless the cap was incrediblely low (like 100 million)
I dont see the Dodgers ever spending the money it'll take to get a Betts type in FA
Still doesn't mean you extend him that much with multiple years left. Albert Pujols was coming off incredible years when he signed and look how that turned out
When I said we havent signed anyone big I was talking about just free agents. Yeah we obviously have spent a lot of money on homegrown guys in the past decade but that means nothing when it comes to our odds of signing Mookie since he's someone outside of the organization
I know, I'm just saying its not like BI has had the lineup he has now all year. We started off like 0-10 or something like that because of injuries
When it comes to 1 year rentals giving up a MLB proven rookie with upside and 5 years left on his rookie contract is certainly not great If there's some way to only trade prospects rather than young upside guys with MLB experience we should do that
At that point I wouldnt want him then. We need to keep cheap and young talent around so we have the flexibility to keep our core players and make necessary additions. Trading one of the proven young studs with high upside on our team should be a non-starter when it comes to getting a rental I mean the Red Sox dont have that much leverage if they arent planning on offering Betts an extension. He'll walk for nothing if they dont move him I think if we offered Ruiz + Downs/Grey + B level prospects thats gonna be pretty competitive with any offer they receive IMO
Pretty sure that would be Jrue. Zion is like a 3rd option right now
Not all Lesbians use strapons or dick shaped toys Also that's like saying gay guys are actually straight since they still want to put their dicks into something that is a pussy substitute Lmao
Pence was pretty solid last year
Even if he won against LSU I dont think he would stay. A 3 time national championship winning QB with his talent would be essentially guaranteed to go #1 overall and guys pretty much never pass up that kind of opportunity Staying in college and risking getting a serious injury while not making money vs. getting an absolutely massive signing bonus is a pretty cut and dry decision 99.9% of the time
The problem is a lot of the "good cops" protect or cover for the bad cops in their departments. Sure they arent the ones doing the crimes and can even be nice to those they interact with, but unfortunately they make it easier for the bad ones to only get slaps on the wrists for shitty behavior which makes them "bad" in my book Being professional should be required in general, not the bar for what makes a cop a good person IMO
I mean I dont think a poll should be the sole way to detrmine how a group of people feel in general, but I also think political polls are different because being a Liberal or Republican is much different than being part of a certain race with its distinct culture because they are more about your individual positions on issues If you self identify as a NA but dont actually participate in NA culture (go to events, talk with people on the reservations, help support fixing the issues the reservations face, ect.) your view of what being NA is will be much different since society outside of the reservations dont really even talk about NAs or acknowledge their problems. They mostly just know them as savages who would scalp people and make good mascots
Just talking about how great someone is using facts and data to back up their argument when the link is literally just a rick roll
Brady is also a friend of Trump so I imagine he has a lot of similar attitudes to Brees. But yeah he definitely hides it better
Sure but the Green Baret also said he agreed it was Kaps right to protest and essentially said he doesnt understand what Kap has gone through as a black man so he cant judge him for his actions or views He also agreed with Kap that the point of the protest wasnt anti american or anti national anthem, it was to protest police brutality
I'd argue that trying to twist the meaning of a peaceful and non violent protest into something anti American is hateful And even if you dont think its directly hateful you should also be allowed to shame an opinion if its ignorant (which it definitely is 100%)
You can donate for one cause and still be a problem for another
Seeing as even pro athletes have been harassed and treated like shit by cops I think they have a right to not feel 100% free. Knowing a cop can essentially ruin your life if they feel like it makes one feel pretty powerless even if you have money or fame I recommend googling Thabo Sefolosha and Sterling Brown (both NBA players) and reading what happened to them
While I can see your point he easily could have said "I personally wouldn't kneel because of my relationship with the flag and anthem, but I agree that people have the right to do so because they have different views than me" and this would have been a complete non issue Instead he choose to attack the people kneeling and call them disrespectful, when in truth the anthem is supposed to be for everyone (not just the Vets) so Kap had just as much a right to do what he did as anyone else would have. So IMO him trying to essentially gatekeep who the anthem/flag are supposed to represent is very hurtful in its own right Im not saying he deserves to be blackballed or forced to retire because he isnt actively trying to tear down the BLM movement or anything like that, but he needs to learn that not everyone lives in the same world as him and he needs to be understanding to those who arent as privileged as him. And also not to take protests against issues in America as an attack on America itself, but as a way to try and make the county better for everyone
Its more cornerbacks and WRs who are divas and I think that partly stems from how openly 1 v 1 their jobs tend to be If a WR burns a CB its out in the open and everyone can see it, so it becomes a personal duel of sorts between the two positions to essentially embarass the other IMO
Riley Cooper dropped the N word and still played despite being a pretty mediocre to average WR for the most part
Regular season doesn't mean much. For example in 2014 the Nets swept the Heat in the regular season 4-0 and then got beat 4-1 by them in the playoffs The only thing that usually matters at the end of the day is individual talent of a team
He's been making videos for than organization for years. I find it really hard to believe Brees didnt know He's still one of my favorite players of all time but he's got too many sketchy things off the field for me to really be a big fan of him overall anymore
Brady is probably just a quieter version of Brees tbh. You should cheer for a guy like Mahomes to break it
Probably because of how dominant he was with the Bears vs the Packers
TO playing his last season with you guys should be high up too
MLMs trick a lot of people but you dont hear often about openly anti-gay organizations tricking people into thinking they arent anti gay Like being anti-gay is essentially one of their mission statements. Thats sort of like joining the Aryan Nation and being suprised they dont like black people
Went to a Whole Foods once. Saw a little container of cream cheese for $7 and left
Breees was more the AB in that example though
I don't agree with your first statement Lets say player A has someone on base 50% of the time he comes up to bat and has a OPS of .850 with RISP. And Player B has people on base only 20% of the time but has a OBP of like .950 with RISP Player A will have more RBIs but player B clearly did better in situational hitting (This is a more extreme example but the point still remains)
They bascially are. Both are really bad when said by a white dude but using the r at the end is way worse
Lining up and staring down protesters while openly carrying guns seems like clear intimidation to me. Not to mention they said other people were yelling racial slurs at them not on video so its clear they really didn't support the protests This is the same as the people who were protesting the lockdown by walking into places with big ass guns in order to make people afraid
Then those arent great morals
I did watch the video. But for better or worse he still did all those things. If I hit someone and then apologize saying I didnt mean it like that it doesnt mean I didnt hit that person He also never backed off his thinking players wanting to get paid are entitled when they are the ones making him 4.5 million a year. Also while he apologized to his team about being a distraction for his Kaepernick and MLK statements before it seems like he was more saying people who knew him would know he wasnt being negative rather than thinking what he said was wrong However later Clemson professors and DeAndre Hopkins actually wrote an open letter to him about his comments too which makes it seem like there were plenty who knew him who took his comments a different way
Maybe I'm assuming too much but when someone has as many openly judgmental opinions like has had about real issues then I take it as he feels like people who dont follow his morals or beliefs are lower Like when the players wanted to be paid he called them entitled, when protesters were kneeling he said they should move to another country, when experts were saying that we should stay home he took a vacation because he thought he knew better, when people tried to get him to tone down how strongly he ingrained religion into Clemsons culture a little he took it as a persecution of his beliefs Especially for the religion part its insane. He's had pastors publicly baptise players on their practice field and gave one on one sermons/asked if they have accepted Jesus Christ into their life to players with off the field problems. Like its one thing to let players who are Christian come to you about religion questions and maybe go to chruch with them on off hours, but to so openly endorse a certain religion to the point where you are performing religious ceremonies on team property is ridiculous. I couldnt imagine how pressured non-Christians would feel on that team
The TDs will depend on how many touches he'll be able to handle. I think he'll still be effective but his overall stats might not be the best for fantasy purposes
It'll be interesting to see what they do this next draft. They might trade up for a QB if there's a prospect they really like or potentially just have Winston or another veteran replace Brees which would make it more a retool rather than a rebuild given the talent of the roster IMO
I think they are a little like the equivalent of a closer or reliever in baseball They can make a big impact but they are also so volatile and easish to find that its usually a mistake to pay them big money or trade valuable assets for them
He also played in the last game against the Bills and left in the second half when it was still tied 7-7
He played in those last 2 games. Just not the whole games Brees literally didnt play in his last one so in reality Manning only played in about one less game from a statistical standpoint
Thats fair, I just meant at this current moment its a unenforced group of "rules" that nobody gets punished for And yeah the burning part you mention is right, I think I took intentionally burning it as more of deliberate desecration of the flag rather than just a simple disposal which would make it more of a violation of the code
Malpractice insurance is actually a good idea. Doctors have it and they are almost always trying to help the person, so I dont see why the cops who intentionally hurt and kill people with little repercussions should be exempt Although the insurance alone isnt enough, there needs to be actual systemic changes for the insurance to even mean much as in current times the cops will likely be able to convince their superiors and the insurance company nothing wrong happened so there is no need for an Insurance payout
Yeah its a job that gets you relatively quick into the field and essentially gives immunity from pretty much anything you do wrong IMO If cops spent at least 2 or 3 rigorous years in an academy before getting to the streets I bet you'd weed out a lot of the people who are only in it to shoot or hurt people relatively quickly I also think there should be a limited number of major academies around the country and have the people who graduate them assigned to different regions that need cops rather than relying on local academies to train the cops for their areas IMO
Never said they were 1 for 1 equal, just saying that just because something really undesirable is a normal occurrence doesn't just mean we should sweep it under the rug Also depending on how a girl is being hit on it can be pretty traumatic or extremely uncomfortable like being discriminated can make people feel. For example plenty of guys will mainly follow and stare at girls for long periods of time (which is their form of hitting on them) and that can cause girls to feel very unsafe and become paranoid (which nobody should have to feel)
Maybe the most exciting since Rose
The most exciting month I've seen as a Dodgers fan. Went on that crazy 42-8 streak to get back into the playoffs, Puig breaking records and making incredible plays every night, and Hanley coming in and having his incredible season as well too Maybe my favorite Dodgers team ever with our core of Hanley, Agon, Kemp, Uribe, Ryu, Puig, Kersh, Jansen, Ethier and Greinke
Not winning a world series since 88 is crazy for a team as big and as consistently good as the Dodgers Maybe at this point we are just a cursed franchise
I think once in generation is a little too high of a label when he might not even be the best catcher in the minor leagues right now. But he's definitely super good
100%
Honestly think with what we know now we shouldn't hold game 5 against him in nearly the same way the other playoffs meltdowns, if at all What the Astros did was super scummy and they dont deserve the benefit of any doubt But anything bad that happened when Kershaw played against the Cardinals, Mets, Cubs, Nats or Red Sox is 100% fair game and I wont really challenge anyone on it Lol
Soccer and Basketball are probably gonna be the biggest benefactors of NFLs major injury concerns IMO
"Here is the smartest thing one can do. By the way we arent going to do that when we have the chance to because reasons." - Orioles GM
If you've been told your race sucks your whole life maybe the only way you will start to feel confidence in yourself is to accept and be proud of who you are (race included) Its kinda the same with sexuality. Ideally people shouldn't have the need to be proud of who they like to hook up with but when so many people treat you like a lesser person because of it that pride is sometimes needed for people to feel happy Not saying people should use pride for their race or sexuality as a reason to feel entitled to having more than others, just that they should be proud that they are a person who deserves to be treated like such
I agree if taken to the extreme that sentiment is funny, but tbh I definitely think there are plenty of non black people who use protests or movements to make themselves look like some kind of white savior rather than focusing on the issues at hand You can tell when they make posts talking exclusively about what they are doing , what they want to do, and/or how everything is affecting them rather than simply just sharing/spreading information about how to make a difference. Nobody wants to hear how a white person feels guilty or how much they are not racist, they just want white people to show their support and help pressure authorities to make changes like they would for any group of people being treated horribly unjustly
How hard is it to not use one word? Like why do white people want to say it so bad Lol If people think words apply the same to everyone regardless of context I think they should try calling their closest friend along with their boss a fuck face or something like that and see the differences in reactions between the two
I will say that the parking situation is a disgrace to humanity
I had dugout seat tickets for the Pirates Dodgers games in Pittsburgh this year but they obviously got canceled haha
Yeah I agree. While he 100% shouldn't have read the diary in hindsight he did let her deal with her issues on her own for months and was hoping she would attempt to talk out her problems first before he tried the diary. Its not like he jumped right to violating her privacy He seemed more worried his daughter was in a dark place that could lead to something bad and felt desperate. He just needs guidance not condescending comments like so many here
I think under Teddy they'll be more conservative as he doesnt really have the arm + accuracy combo to lead a high powered passing attack IMO
Stevie in his prime was legit good. He had 3 consecutive 1000 yard / 6+ TD seasons
I guess we'll see. If any situation is gonna make him not look medicore its probably Carolina
While I'd be as hell if we won it, I still wouldn't think of it as a "true" championship. The season is just way too short for it to be held at the same standard as other championships
Maybe not completely illegitimate, but certainly held in a very low regard to other championships. Especially if certain star players choose not to participate
Unfortunately there's probably not any other better way to do it. Asking people if they were ever cheated on could work but thats also self-reporting and I'm willing to bet there's a lot of cheaters who arent found out by their partners so the people saying "no" might actually be yesses
Its common to have other teams you like more than average, but its uncommon to be true fans of more than one team
Porn has been around for a very long time and wont go away ever. Its much better to teach kids how to more safely engage it rather than ban it completely Its similar to how we should be teaching kids more about sex in a factual and more understanding way rather than just yelling "Abstinence is the only way to be safe" at them
Someone said they should have had the person who played Renfri to play Triss which I thought would have been a good idea Renfri's actress was awesome in her part and it would have been cool for her to had a bigger role in the show overall
Maybe not for Zion card buts there's plenty of baseball cards worth much more than that.
The Boston Celtics post Brooklyn trade once it was clear Celtics were gonna have unprotected picks + pick swaps from a really bad team for mutiple years
He was also on limited minutes, didnt get to play with his teammates much before, and coming off injuries. Yeah it was limited sample size but if he can do anything like that while recovering and being eased back into games its scary to think what a fully healthy Zion with prep can do for a whole season
The strikezone is generally considered to be from a persons knees to the elbows/chest. So if the guy knows that he can still generally know what a strike would be from an audio description of where the pitch ended up
It wasnt just a few months, it was 2 years and he lost the prime of his career. That could definitely be a big enough wakeup call to tell a person "you're fucked up, get help"
I kinda think that attitude is silly when you're a rebuilding team like the Jets. You should be trying to acquire as much assets as possible and if that comes from the Pats that should be the deal you make IMO
No doubt, but that game would have been a complete destruction even if Minka played like he did in Pittsburgh. And I think thats why he was so annoyed
Cant see the Panthers losing enough games to get the 1st pick tbh
I almost think her asking to open the marriage for someone else should have been enough for him to say "this probably wont work out no matter what"
Considering Mike is almost 30 and just played his first season in the majors I'm gonna say its not gonna happen
Tropic Thunder has a part where the actual black actor says he was given his supporting role to essentially fill a quota and the actual best black role was given to a white guy. They were pointing out how hollywood treats/treated minorities as essentially sideshow acts and gave the real roles to those who they liked more - white people - only because of the color of their skin It didnt matter if the role was supposed to be a minority, they still tried to get white people to play them even if that meant them pretending to be someone non white Also Kirk fully committing to the fact he's "black" and understands the plight "his people" is another tongue in cheek joke at the expense of white people who act like they can relate to the struggles of black people IMO which is another societal issue
It'll be interesting to see in a car wreck type way, but I think the strategy will actually go down with the rule since 2 straight ground outs or fly outs will end the game so players dont even need to focus on getting on base nearly as much IMO If they made it so there was already an out or two when they had the baserunner on it would make more sense since you still would have to "earn" the run by at least having someone get a hit/error or the defense/pitcher making a big mistake with a wild pitch or passed ball Overall yeah you have a pretty unpopular opinion and I heavily disagree if you are saying it could be good
If they implement this kind of stuff going forward I think teams will be practicing bunting a lot more until it becomes much more common. This essentially destroys the point of trying to actually go for high reward/high risk hits that teams have to balance tryingnwhen the bases are empty or when there's outs on the board and the runner isnt likely to score on a single Also just because a rule is fair to the teams doesnt mean its fair for the players themselves. Since this rule would be implemented during an actual game its gonna affect stats and fuck with pitchers who are gonna take losses on games where they didnt do anything wrong
I think cheering for the astros against anyone (unless you're an astros fan) is the real sick part. You made the right choice Lol
I really like college OT rules for the college level, but I wouldn't wanna see them in the pros. Its would massively inflate stats and make OT games more arcade style considering how much the rules favor passing offenses at the pro level so much already I think they should either be like basketball and have a extra time that is based on a time limit rather than scoring, or have it so that a first drive TD doesn't automatically end a game My point is only that the super gimmickly OT rules should stay in the lower levels IMO where there is much less prestige that could be lost on bullshit
We got Kamara in the 3rd round and already addressed needs like OL and CB/S before we even got to where we took him at. I dont think its a similar comparison at all IMO
Yeah Fitz got the major short end of the stick for QB play. I cant think of another guy that has massive stats that played so few seasons with a good QB like he did
Mallet didnt really do much but Hoyer is a good one
I think Harry will be good for you guys
I think they become more like the CP3 Hornets/Pelicans, Ewing Knicks, or KG Wolves. Great teams lead by a dominant superstar but just not quite enough talent to ever win the chip
I think he could have found another amazing player to be his co captain but I highly doubt that new duo would have had the same success Pippen showed he was a beast even with Jordan off the floor during those baseball years. He was extremely talented and driven so I dont think MJ is super responsible for him being really good besides legacy wise of helping him get him a bunch of rings IMO
Thats true, but that top 3 is one of the best in history
Oh I agree with that then
Yeah sometimes we give up way too quick on things. its really easy to have one bad experience with pretty much anything
Depends on their relationship tbh Sometimes kids do the opposite of what their parents tell them because they wanna show they know best, not necessarily because they want the other option
