ah, figured thanks haha. I enjoy all of what A24 does
missed that one lol...o well
not a foul?
funny how this wouldn't ever be said in a Pep/Man City thread
Train Dreams by Denis Johnson. One of the best ever written imo.
It’s probably the most read book by the vast majority or Reddit. But yeah I didn’t like it.
Ugh. So good. Hits you like a bag of bricks the first time you read it.
I always check goodreads for that reason.
the man just wants to score goals for tottenham :')
dont use sunderland as a judgement of players. Rafa's trust of yedlin and Manquillo are more of a value judgement
&gt;holding midfield | &gt; criminally underrated /r/soccer's favorite thing ever
celebrated for a second then remembered he played for them last season lol
dope, it looks good so far
nothing quiet about it. hes been a staple in the center for real since the transfer. won everything at club level under the sun.
I don’t think you understand now elections work. 4chan in no way got trump elected. The main people who voted for trump have no idea who the 4chan is.
He woulda headed that it out too if Hugo didn’t touch it.
Get off your high horse you Nancy
why did Willian not start? Rest?
proper striker run. bombs into the box, checks his run back post, fakes near, peels off into space. terrific movement
Seriously shocking I just watched the game back now. Everyone decided to not play soccer for a little bit
Never easy against them tbh. It’s their cup final
Hilarious
I’m with you my man
He maybe should have gotten closer to the shot but it was such a rocket idk
Don’t wonder these things. It’s a path to madness.
The files are *in* the computer
You chose it for attention. Don’t claim otherwise.
What’s he pod called?
thx bby
hilarious
true
Yeah I don’t like trump at all but it’s not weird for people to wear earpieces.
Only towards the end of his career did he do this btw.
The worst thread in this subs history by miles. Racist as fuck. So disgusting.
Sanchez chose Tottenham over Barca, supposedly. Son and Aurier are big signings. You’re not making any sense my man.
we'd never recover
real madrid just did actually. welcome to the sport. highlights on youtube. la decima (real madrid's 10 cl in their history) was quite historic and they won it with ancelotti, then zidane won 11 and 12 and he's a club legend, as their coach in his first season.
Wait. What. Source? That’s insane
fuck youre entirely correct I was thinking of back to back
hey man, you got friends and people, trust. just reach out they're there for you. People here on /r/nba are here for you
Drug baggies are smaller. Think a little larger than a stamp. It’s quite clear they are not used for sandwiches.
Great hit
What about his teams email? Genuinely asking as that came out soon after the other allegations.
Or civil wars
he's world class and if you don't think so you're underrating them
On a trip/playing a lot of games on a short amount of time and with their best wing defender out. Yeah it’s a really bad sample size for sure.
Jesus Christ this is so bad lol
Stop, Chris
Same. This thread is glorious.
Fantastic to hear honestly
again, it's like poetry it rhymes
So? Yeah people from Haiti are poorer than people from Norway generally. That doesn't mean we shouldn't allow them into our country. Fuck for people claiming to be so patriotic you forget what made this country. It was immigrants. Fuck me, do you know what's written on the base of the Statue of Liberty? &gt;Give me your tired, your poor, Your huddled masses yearning to breathe free, The wretched refuse of your teeming shore. Send these, the homeless, tempest-tost to me, I lift my lamp beside the golden door!"
Jan is quite a handsome little CB isn’t he
Make sense, when I had sex with Mike he said he was a bear version of Sam Smith then sang the "The writing on the wall" into my ear for five hours.
Yo. Duke is garbage wtf
He’s actually morphed into one giant OxyContin pill
First time I've seen Kante get a yellow card lol
I love this book and Salinger so much. Raise High the Roof Beams, Carpenters is one of my favs.
I agree with most of this but I don't think Holden had been molested in the past. Not that an older man, a figure you know and like, makes a pass at you isn't also very traumatizing.
Cross shot is a real thing
aren't the players and player recruitment also partly to blame?
that touch by dele is fantastic
not pictured, him absolutely smashing the ball into the stands seconds before this
idk about world class but hes very very good
Lennon on isnt bad but taking off Bolasie is weird
why was this comment downvoted? ffs /r/soccer
ah thats shit sorry to hear that. hard to blame sam too much when the squad as a whole is missing pieces.
hes been a fucking rock the past two seasons
I can't recall, but he was offside but hadn't touched it yet, so he smashed it out of bounds then was flagged for offside then he spit on himself best I could find: https://vine.co/v/hVTBZTe5h7j/embed/simple
thanks! couldnt remember the exact number off the top of my head
Fuck hahaha. What was the original headline that used that word
Thankfully I’ve not seen those comments. That’s idiotic.
What a fucking list hahaha
trip a jokester huh?
God I'd love a Zaha, no way palace sell in january I think
Keano!!!!
Is this comment real? Fucks sake this is trump levels of delusion. Clue you writing a comment saying “no you don’t get what I’m saying blah blah blah”. I do. Save your time.
Not if he doesn’t care about playing for the team lol
also removed woman from a movie that has important women characters, but yes the kylo ren edit is a tragedy
That’s a tad revisionist. He was never as good as Silva.
&gt; kJ0e League sources tell ESPN that Ariza went into the Clippers locker room with a handgun and pointed it at Rivers. Rivers said, “what are you doing to do? Shoot me?”, then Ariza shot him.
fucking stay then you big argentine bear
same and not poch
so its a "disorder" and not an "illness"?
her head had zero evidence of trauma, reportedly.
Then why has he fucked us over twice this season with horrible decisions,
He’s a bit of a cunt too. Regardless if he plays for arsenal or not
You act as if Wenger is leaving
Well said
you take this reddit thing very seriously lol also, I'm not a mod lol
https://www.nytimes.com/video/movies/100000005647087/anatomy-of-a-scene-i-tonya.html?action=click&amp;pgtype=Homepage&amp;version=timesvideo-heading&amp;clickSource=story-heading&amp;module=watch-in-times-video&amp;region=video-player-region&amp;WT.nav=video-player-region NYT analyzing a scene and they talk about filming the skating with the triple axel jump
That’s such a trumpian statement lol. Stops being poor idiots!
Damn Americans
I kinda wanted ings
Toms diner in NYC? They do this too lol
I love Bernie but that’s not true
you're welcome
I think he’s been a bit better than you’re saying and a bit worse than the other guy is saying
I told them to stop making out but they didn’t listen
&lt;3
I love that man
Fucking rangers their their way to the top
Last time I checked this is for all things football related lol
Wtf? Why can’t one have an opinion of something in the past if they weren’t a first hand witness? That doesn’t make any sense. What’s the point if we can’t pass judgement of something from the past.
Not today, rope!
I agree, I really think they should have kept the "Plinkett" and "Half in the Bag" buttons on the front page, separate from the other categories.
I was hoping for this
Cheers swansea
alliteration is like "sally sells sea shells" the repetition of the "S" sound. that si what alliteration is.
? &gt; Sibilance is an acoustic characteristic of fricative and affricate consonants of higher amplitude and pitch, made by directing a stream of air with the tongue towards the sharp edge of the teeth, which are held close together; a consonant that uses sibilance may be called a sibilant. Examples of sibilants are the consonants at the beginning of the English words sip, zip, ship, chip, and jump, and the second consonant in vision. Sells and sea aren’t that at all. It’s an example of alliteration and maybe sibilance but idk of the entire thing firs into your very specific term.
His posthumous collection is called "The Book of Disquiet" get the New directions version if you want everything
Pretty smart tbh that’ll help. It’s the me that trips ya up
But they just make up quotes so quoting them is just as bad imo. Idk that rag is shit
Underrated manager too. Also obviously a wonderful commentator.
No it’s not. I’m holding it right now. The new directions retools is based off a Portuguese copy of almost all of his entire work he left after he passed away. It’s everything.
It’s Bernardo and 3 others in my edition. And yeah I’ve heard that. I’m taking my information from the book I have and the New Yorker article on him from last November! Great article.
Full on wax figure dioramas reconstructing the events. Chair in door and everything
You’re probably memeing but it should be “read well”
I know he was playing boring stuff at Soton but 8th and a league cup final was very good!
Fair point
hey! mine too. Catch me outside butler if you wanna scrap
Well known that all contracts are stoke are until the end of that players natural life.
his reaction is stone cold killer omg
lets hope so, for all of us
honeslty, a million thousand percent better
Gorgeous
One of those worst roll outs of anything in modern times.
Can eyes cum? Idk mine just did
Jalen?? Never!
I’m from there. I assume most are down by the pike which used to be pretty crappy.
Lovely place!!
Vince staples too
And my winter formal was on the Queen Mary. Long Beach is awesome.
What a brilliant man
Want a Sissoko?? For free
kick me in the dick! he's so good
http://tinyimg.io/i/Oa8wlHS.png
http://tinyimg.io/i/Oa8wlHS.png
?? He’s a legend tbh
Poch is a top man and wouldn’t ever saying anything differently about a player expect in rare times a player isn’t working hard, so yeah what else would I expect.
What????? This is hardly a sign of him becoming ravel. Get a grip of yourself
Ravel has numerous off field issues that contributed to his failure at the top top level. Edwards seems to young and talented and a little egotistical. Ravel has loads of one issues.
it's all 15 year olds, what do you expect?
high quality
what does that even mean in this context
fuck, this is the thread that finally got me hype for this transfer which mean I'll be very disappointed very soon.
get Mbappe on a free loan
http://tinyimg.io/i/YSV6ze1.jpg
&gt; You would have to be autistic to try and roofie a girl ~~infront of 20k people..~~
COY MF S
Guess nothing really counts in the French league
I know you kid but just to add it’s not an nba hall of fame is a basketball hof and melo has 3 gold medals. Easily first ballot.
oh yeah! snap I forgot
Cheers. I have From Hell on the way, I'll find the Saga of the Swamp Thing and V for Vendetta next.
get him in tbh
Idk how I feel like this. Yes that challenge should have been a red, but it's dumb for a national team to tweet this.
Jordan Morris runs like he wants you to see his arm tattoos
Heel on the line, no? Edit: na it wasn’t my b
Agreed. Breen isn’t the issue here at all.
Why does Conte hate Batman? He scored every fucking time I watch him Ah.
Most assessable game, then
what else can you do with years of a terrible webseries
OH no my best friend!
I know your next thread!
Gotcha
our first choice RB is injured, so according to /r/coys we're already in crisis, thank you very much
Idk if you joke or not! But trip is quite limited in his dribbling. Serge, Rose, and Davies can all beat one man where trip will look to pass. Fuck me those rando judo chops were so, well, choppy. loved em
are their people who think so? His level is a Europa tier/the tier below Europa
hes not even a tottenham player as of right now jesus chrsit
The ole reverser jinx
Na man. Porn is all over the place. Those close up memes is special
Shoulder hair, let’s be specific here
oh no
The salt and the banter! I like it
?? Scott Parker and JJ where awesome players for us. Mason was too! GAZZA was 8!!!!
and he got the flick on for dele which lead to eriksen
It’s been since at least 2002 and some old heads will vouch for way longer than that.
That’s a perfect header
Yeah it sounds cool I guess but the first time I heard it I was like “huh I don’t think that’s how it works”
Same
Lmao
Na
Whatever gloats your boat my guy
That twitter thread was amazing Hahaha. On my phone will try and link it later from my computer but hopefully someone else does. So good.
Shoulda been Crouchy
easily my favorite song on the album
Legit couldnt tell on my phone with that amount of pixels. Bmut in second d watch you’re right neymar is more slender than our thick boy here and appears in ultra hd 4K every weekend
Sweden is interesting. As is Saudi’s Arabia. Reckon SA with get creamed even in a weaker group.
Holland?
Kane is strong as fuck. Underrated beast and tosses himself into people. I’m not as surprised of his height and weight as other people are I guess.
CC the mayor too
agreed
wellllll yeah one in your situation, you would
you're def joking, but I'm sure most counties have what we in the US call Power of Attorney and another party can act as the party that cannot sign/act for themselves.
In most cases yes. But in cases such as this I believe it could be figured out. Especially with immediate family members being so close
Ramos is such a shit stirrer
Happy birthday and get in big yaya the yid
Absolute belter
boom boom chic chic
Mendy always seems such a good egg. Him and walker are easily the only two city players I like.
Forgot about Silva. Yeah he’s class. Fuck Aguero tho
basketball player used to dip his hand in liquid wax before games lol
I wish this so much. It won’t happen but I wish
Any of the other 28 teams he could’ve gone to would have been great. But no. Fucking snek
It wasn’t that tho. He was just bad.
It’s the onion. The best news satire
hes a twitch streamer
You say that people here know what YouTube red is
Same
fuck it. worth
it literally is
at least do the whole thing ffs
it's a semicolon ffs
agreed
our politics in the US are fucked to say the least
you were just designing a shit house and he wanted to let you down easily
jesus what a cunt
love the low socks
He’s decent too
we can only hope
Almost like they’re systematically set up to fail by institutions in power
He fucked himself out of winning it
or Robson taking some nerves off by having him practice the other way
Chelsea?
While that’s not a big reason it plays a part. A lot was written about the lost generation of us players. Good read about that 26-33 year old range of players that were so bad
For half a second I was like huh who does he play for now lol. Of yeah Tottenham. Useless handsome man
Is this a Saab? My Saab had one if those too! Loved it
flashbacks to the juve game where every juve player tried to fuck with him and he just terminator focused. mans super human
bye
What podcasts?
What a ridiculous comment. Portugal played miles better than Argentina. Bernardo Silva had an off game and still did plenty more than any Argentina midfield
Portugal won the euro final without Ronaldo on the pitch. Argentina is miles more talented but Portugal ay as a unit and defend well.
But he also has help. A Jordi Alba stretching the defense with runs behind is an example
That flair
Germany was blasting that goal with a ton of shots today and he's the keeper lol, actually pretty fun she did that for the keeper
sheeeesh
It's all over the knews
Lordy
What a horrible call lol
Wtf if your definition of a play maker??? Lingard my gosh wtf
Sterling said he swallowed some too. Sounds awful. Andike 60% humidity
there was one yellow card the entire england game. one. it was walker for the PK. thats insane.
we got the biggest joke of all in the white house
hes a slightly racist old white guy
Why would someone say midfield is overrated? That doesn't make any sense. It's just an area of the field players are in how could it be rated any possible way expect necessary
Lmao Barca doesn't have fans that sub is for Messi
Really going out on a limb mate
Secret hallways
Omw to a Saturday morning brunch like
The Mava are a basketball franchise
Marcus smart lite
ur fukin crazy lad
Tunisia esque
The Russian police are stern. Stern but fair.
The greater good.
It's already great. Bless
It's actually perfect for a Thad Young post
They just vote for President sadly.
I don't like these names anymore just say france v angry meat hungry yelly country and be done with it
well yeah you're polish
editing was on point haha. don't cry for me Argentina coming back every time. great stuff.
LMAO people do butthurt hehehheheh salty
na
I mean he's a very intelligent player as well. It's like the old narrative that Messi was a natural and Ronaldo only did it through hard work when both are insanely gifted and incredibly hardworking. It's always a combo of both
Can we wake up? It’s a north London derby boys
Scum gunna scum
Dier is a legend my god
Lol
Na they’d never say if Putin didn’t want to. This is just more leverage for him and chaos for the US.
Condoleezza Rice
I hate how much I love this sub
son on the son team is brilliant
Buenos Aires on fire as we speak. buzzing with the result.
Princess Diana shaking the aids patient hand did a ton as well. Like you said people thought you could contact it any type of way
Right? America is already anti intellectual enough rn.
Here’s to hoping
He IS a conspiracy theorist too. He was a birther, believing Obama was born in Africa, as well as believing in coal being renewable energy, climate change being some Chinese thing or whatever. Hes the spearhead of so many idiotic anti intellectual beliefs.
Breast cancer was a certain killer decades ago and now a large portion of those diagnosed survive. So yes, we have leaps and bounds made improvements in treating cancer.
And climate change is real and destroying our very round earth.
Wtf
Because we did and they were trying to do so too.
Guys a moron
Na chief
I miss OreosOnFire man
Cocked that thing back
Bless
Get in big Charles
Agreed. He’s nowhere near the best keeper in the world.
wtf
buzz buzz
Simple Jack is a decent shout too
Believe he was book iirc
The Welsh hate Milton Keynes with a blind and furious passion
Banner pic
Porch bad dyche over for a glass of red and took some notes
no. move it on. no.
you can and he did
Finnish him
Semi Getouttheway
But like who cares.i agree you don’t but. Still not a ring.
Feel like you lot really do think you’re extra clever or something because you mod an Internet forum.
It’s some strawman “other mod” who wants to keep it. Sure.
Private sub
He has to turn and sprint back because the other team inbounds it ASAP lol. Yeah that’s the way it should be.
What the fuck
Na but he should be whacking them in off his noggin from the penalty spot bit whipping them in
We’d never have a shutdown again
I like your style
All three*
Merry Christmas wow
He’s not standing in the same position when the Celtics are shooting
Insane to think two international sex icons were born in the same hospital
No mucking about. Respect.
Getting coffee now lol. Christmas did me in a bit
Cheers* At least meme correctly.
He was immense when they won the league. Reckon shoulda gotten more England caps
Qataris do
Pause
*cracks beer*
He’s bare chested line always cracks me up
Rude
woof
was scared about fatigue after the world cup but he's a beast. always puts in a shift, rarely injured. love him.
tottenham beat everton 6-2 I think OP is confused.
wasa*
this was great
looks like a bit
fuck fox is a monster, and that was last year, right?
not his fault
Useful rotation for the FA cup
They spellchecked it first but yeah that was frustrating
(go on liverpool)
Huh. Good stat
Let’s go baby. Lucas super sub.
Fuck off
What’s her gram?? How do people find this shit lol
The sniffles are driving me insane
Fuck man. Hard to fault the defense this game. Final ball never came off for us today
rose and son played well
Yikes. We hardly think about you all anymore tbh Na but for reals the Coys mods and community keeps it pretty focused on our team
I mean i know what games you all are playing and I hope you lose them but I and a lot of people on the sub don’t need to post memes or anything about it ya know
True but we built a really expensive stadium. But yes we need to get players in this summer
I hope we don’t sell Lamela.
SUUUUUUU
UUUUUUU
UUUUUUUUUUU!
I...shitposted about this story for years...and...he just...he just admitted to it live on ESPN.
HE is uplifting, but yes the situation needed is shitty
lmao that's rough haha
has anyone seen the top of KD's head since he was injured?
red flannel for sure
Open a new tab and google it then lol. Takes 4 seconds. Maybe 8 if you’re on you’re phone.
No question
I’m sure he’s aware of numbers
gang gang
Who knew missing all stars would be detrimental to a teams success Hahahahhahahahahahahahahahaahhaahaha
lmao who cares if he's wealthy. fuck these uber rich people being held to a higher standard
so one more game, okay
bruh :(
It was Mo Williams lmao my bad
I meant people hold them in a higher regard. You’re right we’d get our ass beat and banned for life while he gets a slap on the wrist. I phrased it poorly.
Na. League are investigating. His will stay because she’s a minority owner
Did mr. zuckerbergs share get diluted? They did not.
No ones pushing a player from the nosebleeds
Hopefully they look at the woman trying to grab the ball
Yeah hard to blame him for that
I like standing next to you Sean. Makes me feel tough.
This is just mean lmao
Hire a secretary names Kyle he can abuse to his hearts content per the NDA the poor man signed
it was like three RD scenes combined.
First comment I see when I open this thread lmao I’m dying Hahahahah
Do you like eggs irl?
Ball is life
Bless u
Pussy
Where in BK you at?
I got back and forth on thinking this mans a massive troll or the biggest idiot. I think both is correct
I sort by new and I hate myself
He’s a funnier character than we’ve had before
Helicopter that two tone he’s got down there
Na
Leonard is a bad man omg
Flair check
Epic
Pascal was fouled
Yeah that’s just basketball. Not malicious
Good time out
They heard you and have us an Adam Sandler movie
His whole life
He’s washed
Air steph
Lowry has played amazing this second half
Seems like they need Durant right now
Hahahahhahahhahaaha
Winning mentality
Na. He also shows up in big moments. He’s just not the cool dude the internet wants him to be
Lmao
My man
The Shaquiri ones never fails to crack me up.
It’s all the context you need
My favorite as well. It’s so perfect
It’s pasta from the first finals game I believe. Mans a legend
Damn obviously that fucking sucks regardless
Waving goodbye at durrant was shitty. Good from the raptors players for telling them na
I know he wanted to go but should he have actually played??
No wheelchair. Na
Man looks pretty fucking good right now tbh
BANG
Kwahi time
Winky says not my tempo
Always amazes me people don’t know this haha.
Would love him
What a baseless comment
And dray got one over the cylinder.
KAWHI LEONARD IS THAT FUCKING DUDE
Oh this is spicy
So happy for Nick Nurse
THE KLAW
Yes
He was in out attack mode. No one could stop him
I agree honestly. Amazing performances from both teams
You’re second which makes this even more embarrassing.
Phoenix Sartes
Like when um like when he uhhhh Lmao please stop
MB3s second diss is the best of them all imo
Take him lmao
and and and and and and and and and and
I was so hopeful
Or not know how to swing lmao
This is my religion
That’s strange is it going to get it self
Or Tobago for that matter
Whatever mental gymnastics you have to do so you don’t throw down 8 bucks for someone doing a service. If you can’t afford to tip you can’t afford to eat out.
Reddit’s obsession with saying “lol stop Dad” after every shit joke made me actually angry. I usually stick to soccer Coys and nba but every time I venture out of those three subs I’m reminded how fucking lame most of the internet is. Go to bed Dad!!!1! After every shit pun isn’t funny fucking stop.
De Ligt is approaching this because she’s fucking all over this sub
fOrEaRms lelllllll
But good
its the double point that does it lmao
&gt; Don't get stripped by Kawhi on back to back possessions
A lot of London doesn’t have AC
I’m doing my part
stfu
1234 2234
Of course
great book
the second verse off of Cataracts is one of my favorites of Freddie's and my favorite off the album at the moment. &gt; I let some people go from my company and they sold out &gt; &gt; I know that they jumpin' straight into Hell, I pray that they nosedive &gt; &gt; Mama said don't leave out the house if you ain't got Jesus with you &gt; &gt; Last Supper, you might get fucked by niggas that's eatin' with you &gt; &gt; Side bitch was trippin', I fucked but won't spend the evening with her &gt; &gt; My baby mama switched up her diet, I'ma go vegan with her &gt; &gt; Father, please deliver us niggas, carnivorous niggas &gt; &gt; I walk amongst the dumb, deaf, and blind, and them frivolous niggas &gt; &gt; And dope, rap, and basketball punchin' a ticket for niggas &gt; You put it in the book then I guess you done hid it from niggas
They clearly wanted to hurt Ndombele. What a fucking joke
VAR is ruining the game tbh
&gt; sometimes no range indicator for grenades on PS4 I havent had grandade arch for so long
same, honestly thought they removed it entirely
Yeah I use it too lol. It’s better on pc for the exact same reason as the wingman. It’s still nuts on console tho
Leon Clarke the legend hahahaha
head shot krab be like 200 ish sometimes
What a lame response
I mean more tackles can mean lots of things. Dembele didn’t lead in tackles but never lost the ball ya know
????????
This is so hilarious
Because him being pissed doesn’t really matter at all ?
lmao
truw but honestly hard to blame Love for being frustrated here
betted
sure, it was a fun meta
Agreed 100% on this one though
would stop running every 5 to 7 seconds last night on ps4 :/
It sounds exactly like the social network score to me lmao. Loved the show tho 10/10
it designed to make it look cool and fun, it's using simple tricks to make people feel involved in something bigger than themselves
👀
Same
Recently Parasite and Climax!!
He’s weak
I never really ever stopped listening to that album. pirate jet is such a pleasant closer and i always appreciate something new every time i listen to it.
IM YOUR STEPDAD
Bodys or Sober to Death
really appreciate you, off the top of your head do you remember what wasis missing from spotify?
Joanna newsom isn’t I figured
fuck that lol
they all look really bad
??
Well be seeing this for years
I work at a start up and have no clue what the company is doing lol i'm not paid to worry about that though, it sucks but what can I do about it
No it’s 200k a week AND a good allowance. 300k in total
yeeeeep
no balloons in kc is mad dumb, also all the digital threats lmao
We’re aware thank you
Kings Canyon at night feels like a dud. Bring back the daylight break regular loot and balloons for season 4 please.
I like all these except the rarer purp and gold. 50 arm shield would help balance gibby a ton
In between games they were very complimentary of each other and talked about it the good things they did. Seemed like once the game was over they chilled.
Seriously. Fine don’t remove it devs but tone it down
Goodbye king
Lollll good stuff
wtf christian
hes brilliant
I ask that to myself maybe 6 times a match
he literally did apologize tho but yeaj je def called out some players for lacking humility
tough to say he injured leno
yes how is that always the defence here lol, leno landed awkwardly after contesting a loose ball
oof
facts lmao
"bearded blevins" jfc
pretty sexist of you to assume men cant be golddiggers too
