Thankfully they probably learned from the baffling oversight of early SB DRK Unleash.
I've never seen a gaming sub that was so concerned with capitalism
please no more
Because it makes them feel important, especially when they talk about it.
Intended audience of this post: "you will never control me"
I'll hazard a guess they don't plan on putting anything western in Final Fantasy game
No, the hairstyle seems to be MIA this year.
The thing is that "DPS is more my thing" doesn't make the answer much clearer. WAR is "about damage" and usually does the most damage, but PLD has *more involved* DPS buttons while WAR is incredibly simplistic. But many times how buttons "feel" is heavily dependent on the animations and effects for those buttons. Buttons that cater to your aesthetic tastes may make you feel you can tolerate then being less interesting if they feel fun to push regardless. Of note, tanking is somewhat more involved now than it will be. In ShB you essentially just hit your damage buttons and use tank cooldowns as needed, but right now--especially on the leveling track for GLD sand MRD--you will need to learn proper tanking skills to tank groups without issues, so how to get enmity and things like that. Honestly, in your situation, if you like the tanks cause if their aesthetic but really prefer DPS, I would just level Lancer and then worry about playing a tank later when you unlock them, since that's more likely to be closer to ShB launch, during which time you can skip learning tanking information that will be irrelevant in 5.0. Additionally, DRK and GNB start at 30 and 60 respectively so this may cater to your needs a bit more, especially because it seems you do not typically tank so you may not know for sure if there's things that off put you about tanking. Starting with one of the higher level tanks reduces the risk of getting far into leveling something that ends up not working out for you.
They have not indicated they will actually be separated, but it's clear they are building towards it. They will almost certainly announce as much when it is being planned.
Yeah, I watched this going "oh baldur's gate" and was left with "um i don't remember this game being about gore porn"
where's the prompt explaining why my hrothgar can't have hair
And probably not DRK since it will be asking you to press &amp; budget for TBN all the time. Or he could just not play a tank.
Their facial complexion around the eyes is also very sightly different, but this is the more obvious way to notice.
Style, animations, general production value. This game lives and dies by its aesthetic. Frequently I've gone to other games desiring more fulfilling / "mature" gameplay design (since they tend to be older games,) but god damn me if it's not boring to actually be your character in those games, or to fight any given boss. Buttons just aren't as well designed as far as their look &amp; feel, is painfully obvious how much less money went into them, and buttons that frequently have a good design just don't feel good to actually press in practice.
Anyone know if it's possible to view a card's details from your hand currently on Switch (normally right click on the card in your hand in PC?) Doesn't seem to be the case but not sure if I'm missing any input ideas
It's frankly not that easy to get the timing of the pull right when it boils down to "when to run into range &amp; use whatever button you're pulling with" so that combat begins the instant the timer finishes. People will be entirely mixed levels of skilled at dealing with timing things like this. Some of them also simply don't understand that the countdown finishing is when aggro should begin and not when the tank should *start* moving. So to answer your question, plan to get your GCD off when the timer finishes because that is what's right, and don't think too much about each individual tank's timing cause it's just thankless to do so and you'll never be able to predict it correctly every time. It's bad enough that it's a complete crapshoot if tanks are even going to do a countdown at all. Though you can certainly raise a stink about it if it's a coordinated environment such as your tank in a static, since they are absolutely supposed to have that down pat.
There isn't anything waiting for you after the boost except more quests and more queue times. If these things rubbed you wrong then maybe you should consider not paying more into a game that isn't for you.
Yes, there are not 1000 distinct levequests at all. They are made to be repeated.
[The buttons are read like this in the event it was not clear enough still.](https://i.gyazo.com/4f242df3d2445939c1f752201daa418d.png)
Of note, they also removed Soul Survivor from DRK which also became a "time skill."
Seems pretty futile to argue AST is Time Mage when "they deleted most their time skills" is right in front if you if you ask me. What's it worth if it's not going to keep those sorts of skills from being removed?
The system is shit but there's not much point in demonizing the people using the system SE designed. By all means, flog the developers for continuing to resist implementing any meaningful solutions for the playerbase and prioritizing bullshit that hurts then more than helps, but crucifying other players for having to interact with the system on SE's terms is futile and petty.
I really stopped having much interest in this once I realized it's CDPR
She meant exactly what she wrote: "'Gritty white guy with a gun' is tired," which is a statement that includes the entire specific package. She's not saying grit is bad. She's not saying white guys are bad. She's not even saying guns are bad. She is veritably not saying "bad" at all, to boot.
It's not even really a subjective statement. Even from a marketing standpoint, other than it being on-the-nose yellow there's basically nothing that stands out, which objectively impacts its strength as a marketing tool. You don't want boxart to be forgettable.
She's saying it's cliche. Are cliches bad? Most people would say so, but you're bending over backwards to imbue it with more negative energy than the statement has so you can see an inflammatory message that isn't there. A game beating a dead marketing horse being called for what it's doing is just stating the facts. "The gaming industry should be less obsessed with gritty white men with guns" is not expressing anything other than there's too much of something. It's not an assault on a majority group to suggest that they are overrepresented.
You'll excuse me for not playing the world's smallest violin for white men when a handful of individuals balk about how the game industry on average overwhelmingly privileges the white male experience.
It'd make a decent option, but would probably make it more difficult to quicky determine if someone is shielded, such as during AoEs where you're not sure if someone was in range or not. It's quite easy to spot when Galvanize is missing, though.
The switch version is in kind of a rocky state currently. But if you ask me the game is asking to be played handheld, so it may be worth toughing it out for the portability.
Even "rerun the dungeon" is only so hard when you can blow them up at high levels, which covers just about anything "old" they might have hoarding uncertanties about.
I'm frankly interested in the justification for "FF1 was better." Obviously being the first game and a game from the 80s, it had a rudimentary "Collect the crystals" video game plot.
Virtually every MMO runs afoul of this problem. Some of them like GW2 refuse to add new races out the door. It's simply not indicative of anything other than when the developers are feeling too much of a gear development squeeze.
They do, but since there's no place to put them in it's not effectively different other than when they are delivered.
Any gardeners familiar with how many Thavnairian Onions you can make per set of seeds in an 8-slot planter? Trying to plan some stuff out with my FC and personal houses but I can't remember what the minimum number of onion seeds I get typically is... I want to say the lowest I've seen is 3 seeds for two 8-slotters, but I'm not certain and I'm not familiar with growing only one planter's worth at a time. They take a long time to grow and check data on. Anyone have some past experience or even data to compare to?
MHGenU: Is there anything that modifies the chip damage from "parrying" an attack from Valor sheathing? I used to liberally to navigate battle with a GS in early hunts but I'm noticing my HP more consistently dropping the more difficult hunts I take on.
It's really more that every single one of them wants their own thread but they always have basically the same spin on the topic, and it's exhausting. There's been a billion threads about this, why can't they just go post in one of those?
yes and then i learned not to think that because sentiments like that fueled content like diadem
All I'm gonna say about this is 2 years ago people were blowing through the story to catch up for Stormblood.
is it that hard to go inside your house once in a while like put a repair npc in it or something, then you have an excuse to go in it like i can't speak to what their reasoning is for requiring you to go inside your house, but just go inside your house
There's several good circle axes in SB
I'm just using two separate window captures for my XIV and ACT and it works, but it's with the mini parse window build into ACT. It may be more contrived if you're using one of the nicer looking overlays.
but my souleaturz
*&lt;pounding the ground like donkey kong&gt;* Animal Crossing
Preferably not at max range. Thanks.
The [Minekeep set](https://ffxiv.gamerescape.com/wiki/Augmented_Minekeep%27s_Set) from Red Gathering Scrips will easily tie you over until 70. Doesn't cost 1 gil to make.
Yes, Shadowbringers will come with everything else, but you will not have access to Heavensward and Stormblood until launch day for ShB because it's tied to the main key and not the early access key.
I recall HW having login server issues that did have a significant impact on the playability. As for Stormblood, the main primary hitch was the Raubahn solo duty fiasco, but there was also a character-bricking crash associated with completing the Susano trial that required emergency maintenance. But on the whole neither thing was that big a deal. This really depends entirely on who it's affecting, though--I could certainly see why someone who, say, specifically took time off for launch would have a quicker frustration response.
If you're not holding anything in Minor Arcana, that should take priority over destroying the card. But otherwise your priorities seem straight--if you have a card drawn, cannot reroll it, and playing it in any capacity would mess up your plays/steup, it needs to be disposed of. There's situations in which you can use single target RRs, but outside 4-mans it'd be difficult to identify then without ACT, so if you're not then best to stick with the AoE basics. Also, Spear can be placed on any DPS as it's valuable for any class. It has the biggest impact on a BRD's buttons, similar to how BLM loves Arrow.
I hear you. At the same time though, all you have to do is ask someone and the problem is solved in minutes. I've fielded this sort of question for new players a lot and I have to scratch my head frequently to remember which vendors sell any given ilvl of gear. So yeah, it's not a fantastic system, but it can be solved without much pain, which groups with players that are woefully ungeared can't be solved without substantial pain for everyone involved.
The problem with fishing is that it very frequently has like no practical tie ins to crafting. The devs seem to not think of it as a normal gathering profession. You would think it's insane for mining and botany to not have the things they gathered used in crafting, but that actually does describe fishing 90% of the time. You had important stuff like shark oil etc. in ARR, but this was done away with immediately in HW.
they can't just erase my thunder god pain
Certainty. I'm exhausted with speculation.
I'm not hooked up to a neural network that lets me spend every waking moment touching cards while performing any other conceivable action. Help me MegaCrit
This game is incredibly GCD focused compared to some of the options on WoW. There's simply no class in the game in which you wouldn't want the GCD to be cycling at all times. The closest class IMO to not needing to urgently use all its tools is Summoner. Many of its abilities are granted by a skill tied to a 60s recast timer that provides you with x resources and access to certain cooldowns, but the only golden rule for it is "do not clip that 60s recast." Beyond that, it isn't strictly important where you decide to place the abilities it grants, and you have some wiggle room for, say, holding them for burst our waiting for a situation in which they'll make a bigger impact. However, this may be harmed some by the ShB class changes to SMN, which is tying those resources to a 30s recast over a 60s one.
Raise macros are also useless. Anyone with healer eyes knows very well the instant automatic reaction to a player dying is Swiftcast+Raise. I don't need to take my eyes off the party frame so I can look at chat to see if someone's getting raised when *I can keep my eyes on the party frame and look for icons for Swiftcast or Raise,* especially when icons are far more visually distinct than parsing text. Chat macros for this are just as worthless as any other.
They aren't changing anything that would alter SMN's motivation to R2. As long as you need to push oGCDs on a caster then you'll still be using R2 frequently. You do not want to use oGCDs at the end of castbars without it because it clips your GCD ton.
All melee except Dragoon have an effect like this and it typically reduces the base GCD from 2.5 to about 2.2. Numbers will vary depending on the amout if Skill Speed on your gear. MNK will also presumably be faster in ShB. But I don't know if this answers your question, which is difficult to parse.
You can but it's probably the least gil efficient way to do it. It's what is suggested for 1-15 for each class since you can trivially get materials off vendors for it, but after that you may be looking at a more serious cost to doing it this way when you have to market board materials because it yields substantially lowr exp per craft.
For 3, it's dungeons only. Trials give virtually no EXP.
reading all the comments going "look how they massacred my boys"
You're entirely missing the narrative point of Estinien, which is that he and Nidhogg are essentially the same character. The entire point of them narratively is to wax about vengeance only begetting more sorrow and misery, IE personify the core theme of the entire story arc. Whereas people are just gaga about Haurchefaunt because he brings you a fucking coffee.
You need the base game + the most recent expansion. The previous expansions are tied to the most recent one. But note that you will not have access to them until the launch date for Shadowbringers.
Because the devs could not imagine a way to compromise what characterizes Blue Mage with what would be required of it in an MMO balance environment.
They went over almost exclusively battle system / class changes last time, which there's plenty more in the game to talk about that isn't that.
2big2die
Beware gazing into the "BLU is impossible to balance!" abyss, lest it gaze back
It's important to be stated. This is a really rare promotion for Steam version. For whatever reason the availability of deals on Steam version is just garbage.
I get the feeling Energy Drain was dropped due to a mix of "perfunctory separation of ACN actions" and "limiting what the sources of MP regen are," since the latter's been a pattern across the board. I'm guessing "actually this really fucks up SCH's Aetherflow gameplay plan" was not really prioritized. Most the other SCH changes are kind of "ehhh ehhhh," but no Energy Drain is more "really now?" SCHs don't want to feel gross about having to trash their resources constantly because there's no meaningful use for them.
Overhealing isn't regarded as feeling bad because it generates enmity, it's bad because it's pressing buttons that are just fucking wasted.
Yes, you don't lose any pre-order items.
ngl the idea of doing garbage content like leves over the weekend to race to 80 and exhaust the expansion as fast as possible honestly just strikes me as playing the game wrong
HOUSING IS FAIR NOW!!!!! I WOULD ASK YOU TO BE HAPPY IF THE POINT WASN'T TO GIVE EVERYONE AN EQUAL CHANCE AT MISERY
It hard to imagine because as it stands, it simply wouldn't work. They would have to radically overhaul the combat formula to make it work, and they would have to open the game up to more varied damage landscapes to heal in order to make different types of healers viable, and to do that you have to commit development resources to maintaining a balance of "healers are being asked to overcome different challenges in order to allow different types of healers to play to their strengths" and "certain healers are grossly favored for certain encounters." That simply isn't ever going to happen on XIV because on top of being difficult to do right, their highest priority is maintaining their inoccuous class balance in which virtually every option is the same. Like you know, I get it. I would like it if XIV had more interesting healing, and healers weren't all being made to be crammed into the same fucking Medica 2 round hole. But there's only so many ways you can heal "predictable busters and AoEs", yet changing the damage landscapes creates both design and balance headaches I can't see them evaluating as worth it. So at the end if the day, XIV healing needs to do what's right for XIV's healing gameplay style, rather than risk a radical overhaul which is highly likely to be more harm than good because it is not at all easy to address these problems at the root and they haven't indicated they have the ingenuity to do it right. Right now they can't even figure out how to give AST its own gameplay plan and not "uhhhh WHM and SCH last the same time?", much less adding a 4th healer to the game, **much less** make thoughtful sweeping changes to how healing at its core works in the game generally like 8 years after launch. They're even at war with healers DPSing a lot in this game, so they're not even acknowledging what's in front of them. We're not even on the fucking baby steps for progress with XIV's healing, yet some people want to talk about overhauling it to make a different design style work? No.
There's no way to get that armor, and nothing in particular looks especially like it. The only thing even remotely close to actual armor like that usable by healers is the [Legacy Warrior Mail](https://ffxiv.gamerescape.com/wiki/Legacy_Warrior_Mail) from one of the previous summer events.
One problem definitely with the story is it's hamstrung by the same thing combat is: it takes entirely too long to get good and will bore you to tears until then.
If I'm remembering this correctly and it's single target, Flare is hurting you more than helping you. For a phase in which you need to burst, do this: * Start in Ice and make sure Enochian is on * Thunder 3 * Blizzard 4 * Fire 3 (-&gt; Triple Cast) * Fire 4 (-&gt; Leylines) * Fire 4 (-&gt; Swiftcast) * Fire 4 (-&gt; Convert) * Fire 4 (-&gt; Sharpcast) * Fire 1 * Fire 4 x 2 * Fire 3 (instant with proc) * Fire 4 x 2 * Blizzard 3 * Blizzard 4 * Thunder 3 * Foul By this time it should be dead, or the check ended before the end of the sequence as it is about 30s long. Basically burst on BLM is having Leylines up and spamming Fire 4. Flare is for AoEing and will not help you single target. The cost of casting it is too high for one target. If you're using this sequence and it's still not enough, then it's almost certainly a gear thing. Make sure your weapon is current (i380 should be the bare minimum since you can just buy it in the MB) and try again.
I sub, I play a lot. If I find I'm not playing a lot, I unsub. You can think about what you're doing with $15 alternatively that would be freed up by not subbing but there's a decent likelihood it might get spent on something like "let's eat out." But how efficient was that use over something like 40 modest entertainment hours a month playing a little every day? I think the bottom line for most people is that when they weigh it against other things that money would be spent in , everything is simply more expensive than if you play XIV relatively moderately over a long period. I can easily exceed $15 a month buying other games that don't last longer than the month and then I have to buy another game at the same price next month, etc. And that's to speak nothing of games that go far beyond that price point. MMOs are very economical with your entertainment money if you are heavily invested with them. It's when I want to buy non-MMOs that it becomes an issue because they simply can't have the same mileage as an MMO.
OH I FORGOT SOMETHING I'M GENUINELY ANGRY ABOUT THIS WEEK WHY THE FUCK IS SE DROPPING GENUINELY HUGE LORE SPOILERS FOR SHADOWBRINGERS IN THE FUCKING TRAILERS AND THEN TALKING ABOUT IT IN INTERVIEWS Y'ALL WANT TO GIVE ME 2 WEEKS TO ACTUALLY BE ABLE TO PLAY THE FUCKING GAME BEFORE YOU DROP FUCKING SPOILERS ABOUT SHIT THAT OBVIOUSLY WOULD BE REALLY BIG MOMENTS IN THE MSQ????? THE FUCK ARE YOU SMOKING????? IF THERE'S NOT LIKE A BILLION PLOT TWISTS AND SHOCKERS IN THIS EXPANSION THAT ARE BIGGER THAN THIS ONE TO BREAK MY BRAIN I'LL BE PISSED
im honestly a little mad this is the first time im being exposed to this idea
&gt;!He was present at the meeting with the Eorzean Alliance when he is called. It does happen on screen while you're present.!&lt;
i don't think i will get many congratulations for this but today [i healed thunder god with only physick](https://gyazo.com/8271398195b0d9c03944e76908621771)
the red-helmeted step child
I'll use it once just to see it, but then return to normal DPS queues. I want to play with humans on my MMO.
If you just do the challenge log every week for Anemos it's not too big a time sink. Other than that it's just NM training til you have all the resources.
Don't talk shit about engineer vegeta
It's still patently absurd to me that you can even consider writing a story about transhumanism while willfully ignoring the existence of transgender people. Do they want to write about the human condition and its relation to its mortal shell or not? They were justifiably grilled on this topic and all the naysayers are in profuse denial.
Not big enough to make a stink about it, that's for sure. It's a 24 man, not Savage. It doesn't make a bit of difference in practice. It's extremely unlikely you'd get in a situation where someone was dying in a consequential manner because you were missing like 20 mainstat or whatever.
Seriously, 300 commends is not the amount a human XIV encyclopedia has. I don't know what they're trying to accomplish by making access open so arrogant people who want to have the game tell them they're in an elite group (even though they aren't) can have their egos massaged, who then naturally go on to behave badly in the community when the little players dare backsass them.
It's more annoying to a person when they're dealing with someone who is full of themselves, and then to check and see their mentor crown because it's confirming their biases. It's the difference between "This person is an asshole" and "This person is an asshole *because they are a mentor,* of course!" Which is more likely to get a given person steamed up, being angry about an individual's behavior or being angry about a group of individuals' perceived patterns of behavior?
I find it a little funny to act like the system is better generally when is only true for people on low pop servers, then to invite people from large population servers to move in as if that won't create a situation that would prove to the low pop players what the problem with the system is. But I guess that's a pretty rhetorically convenient angle when you know it will never happen.
"Dangerous" is fairly colorful for what this is, but since we're going with that angle, here's food for thought: the system being terrible isn't as dangerous as players who decline to continue caring about or holding the devs accountable for their failings to begin with. I can't imagine them making a goodwill investment to genuinely delivering a better housing system because most the people who are outraged at it eventually give up, but then keep playing anyway and singing the game's praises. This is a pattern of behavior across any topic in the game that doesn't involve WAR or Healer changes. People were also very quick to forgive SE for the equal parts unacceptable and incompetent tearing apart of western datacenters, while completely ignoring that it was SE's **job** to manage the populations of their servers *at all,* but instead they happily took any player's money that wanted to be on an overcrowded server for years before going "oh shitttttttt" in SB. Don't look any further than the comments in this post for proof of this. Between knee-jerk exasperation towards "someone's complaining about housing again" and disingenuous defenses bending over backwards to downplay what a trash solution the current systen is, the thread is the perfect indicator that people simply more invested in apologizing for the devs than holding their feet to the fire, and if the players aren't asking for improvements to the game--which take effort to produce--then the devs won't deliver them.
Will this include other online functionality like global heart damage?
It still counts turns even after it's activated.
expects something pertaining to fflogs
literally any of the normal idle poses NPCs use, like the one it puts your character in when you're being scored for fashion report
It's mostly not going anywhere, whereas catching up is somewhat more time sensitive if you want to be at end game with the rest of the playerbase in ShB.
I wouldn't wtite it off completely. I was very surprised they ported Zantetsuken (effectively) over to SAM and DRK.
They didn't do so for SAM's Meditate because it seemed most SAMs accepted it was trash. But a GL stack is a far greater reward than 10 Kenki, so maybe MNKs can make a big enough stink to get the devs to make the design of these skills better for everyone.
This is grossly misapplied to a skill that is designed in a deeply flawed way, *especially* when it's not the first time they've employed this skill design to begin with.
What's the point of this? It's not like it's a cash shop item they can nickel and dime you for your alts over.
Without a need to use it for anything else, slow casts like Fire 3 with no stacks or Flare is the best usage of it. Swiftcast is typically used end game to improve your mobility without losing F4 casts and also make certain openers work. Sometimes you need it to not drop stacks in the event of an interruption. However, there's not really a low level equivalent to this take so it's mostly just wherever it seems to make a cast time impact. Your Convert use is correct. It can also be used for AoE to double cast Flare, which reduces your MP to 0 normally. For now, there is not a compelling reason to start in Ice and you should go straight to Fire. If youre on a boss and you still want to cast Thunder before you start up, you can use Ice to make sure your MP is maxed when you go into Fire, not I don't think low level Fire MP use is strict enough to warrant it.
Is it known at all if the modern Joycons have better wireless connectivity? Mine are from roughly around launch and they've always had the inconsistent desyncing, lagging, late inputs, whatever. I've looked around at the antenna mod stuff, but if it's something that can be fixed by buying different ones I might prefer that over going through the trouble of dissecting my controllers to change their antenna setup.
if you expect this game to do extremely involved things that give the player essentially limtless things then you are going to be disappointed all the time
Also the fact that tank queues will probably always be terribly for 24-mans
IMO there isn't a ton of long-term consequence in ARR that will have a severely negative impact so you can really just skim over it, but you probably want to start paying attention from patch 2.3 onwards. Check MSQ lists out there for keeping track of it.
tl;dr if you're not spending $20 you're not getting a code
It's not exclusive to WAR. As long as Crit also modifies critical *damage* it will always scale better than the other options. "Encounters don't give you a reason to want more damage reduction from stats" is also not WAR specific. The only thing that remains to be seen stat-wise is if there's a better DPS return for Skill Speed on GNB due to the way they generate cartridges.
&lt;pointing at chest&gt; "it's video games"
They're most likely playing KBM and controlling the camera with the mouse. It sounds like you are used to the legacy camera option designed for use with controllers where it "drifts" when you move in a direction other than the way the camera is facing. More specifically, this sort of simultaneous movement and camera control can be done by holding left and right click simultaneously. It also sounds like you are maybe used to the lock-on feature, which simply isn't necessary to target something.
Early Eureka grind can be alleviated by focusing on the Challenge Log for it.
Different people also say different things and are not a contradictory monolith
MMOs being expensive is a complete farce. If you're spending $15 a month on it and it sucks up all your entrainment interest (thus insulating you from spending entertainment money on other things,) it's one of the most economical entrainment options out there. You don't need to be someone who shrewdly spends nothing at all on entrainment to gain the financial approval of your judgmental friend.
that marketing though
You seem to think casual players with an opinion are exclusively from NA.
It was delayed longer than they wanted it to be and they released it because they know the players wanted it, which they do. I'm sorry your experience has sucked for you but I'm happy to play it on Switch even if it's not perfect right now.
I feel like people bashing horizontal progression are people who are not trying to gear both BLM and SMN (admittedly, a vast majority of players)
Generally the work horse for gathering is Mining, but Botany can be as good depending on how important certain plant items are. Fishing tends to be worth substantially less money simply because very few crafting items require fish of any kind after ARR. They're a good way to convert time to gil. On most servers, even low level items like Silver Ore and Effervescent Water are still needed for high level crafting mats. They typically tie in older items into the newer ones to keep old markets alive so newer players have a way to make gil if they need to. At end game, supplying the hardcore crafters with unspoiled materials can be quite lucrative especially at the start of even patches.
A 2K DPS tank should not be on Final Omega.
It's still brilliant, just not in the way you want.
My vote definitely goes to the Nidhogg crafted weapon. It's monstrous and the glow is exactly what a discerning edgeman wants.
Use the questions thread! There are many knowledgable users that frequent it and we love answering questions. It isn't a graveyard where your questions go to die. Come talk to us!
Also that fact that many details were given about it in LiveLetters regarding the expansion. It's just as much a major expansion feature as Diadem was meant to be.
That's fine at face value, but we're not taking "it's subject to change" at face value. We're disingenuously wielding "it's subject to change" as a club to shut down unwanted dialogue. If you don't want to be here then don't fucking read it.
it's almost as if when you generate a discussion among your peers there is a motivation of proliferating your point of view because one person out of a million presenting a talking point directly to the developers isn't going to do shit
If they're designing specific FATEs for people to participate in which actual objectives that kinda depend upon people's participation, I wouldn't be surprised if they're just being replaced with "participate in this specific FATE once a week."
or a new take, for that matter
Their goal is to make you DPS less, and whether or not the their chosen means to achieve that will actually work is pretty much up in the air. Do not be surprised when "they're making healing harder" doesn't actually materialize because that's not actually what their goal is.
This really doesn't read to me as "it's unethical to sexually objectify women," which is incredibly wishful thinking. What is almost certainly is is "it is unethical for a female character to be *too sexy*" which is not the same messaging in the slightest. I'll make a comparison to FFXIV here, since it's also Square Enix: People are regularly asking (because they are terrible) for them to add "butt sliders" to characters, and otherwise complaining about how female characters' butts are too flat or not revealing enough. SE makes it a point to not make any revealing leg slot items too 'cheeky.' They're on the record stating they can't do more with character's butts it "because of ratings." This is while simultaneously pushing out bikini outfit after bikini outfit, and otherwise a wide array of fanservicey skins and other similar content because "it's what people want." Their hearts aren't in the right place here. They want female character models to be objects of sexual pleasure, but because of *external influences*--IE, ratings, "ethics"--they can't be *too sexy.* This is the same sort of impossible sexual objectification conundrum we live with in our lives, and I do not get a different message from how they're handling FF7 at all. I definitely don't have any sympathy towards people that are up in arms about this, but I also am not going to give SE credit they haven't done anything to earn.
I don't care for when sexiness is a "deadly weapon" because it's also a misogynistic trope used to incriminate women for being sexually appealing to men. Case in point: people deciding it's "unethical" for a character to merely have large breasts. Generally speaking, Bayonetta seems pre-eminently controversial above all else. It's pretty loaded with a lot to look past, but those who do I have frequently seen report having a positive experience with it. Others are simply too turned off to even consider giving it a chance because they feel it hasn't earned one. Both these experiences are valid.
let's be real, if it was 25 females and you refused to play it publicly, it would be because it's a horny doujin game
I don't know the answer to this, but many people are probably not familiar with what this is referring to, so just here to comment it's the title of the Fishing resource page [ff14angler.com](http://ff14angler.com/)
They will simply use the Fending and Aiming Shire sets ideally and you can get them now.
There are only niche uses for alts in this game. A vast majority of players can satisfy all their gameplay needs with only one character.
It still does not have in-game voice chat. I'm not sure if FFXIV will ever have this, as it's increasingly common these days for games to assume you're just using 3rd party apps for voice. This does nothing to aid communication with random groups, of course. There's several things that affect the look of your character. First, obviously, is your equipment. If you did not give XIV a long try before, then you probably never unlocked the glamour/transmog system or got high enoguh to see decent looking gear. This is definitely an element end-game, and ARR kind of advertises it poorly. Second, you can change basic thigns about your characters appearance at the hairstyilist. This lets you change any manner of "non permanent" things like hair style, hair color, things like face tattoos, etc. Anything more than that, such as change your characters face, their race, gender, etc. requires a Fantasia item, which is from the cash shop. They also have the typical services like "name change" that other MMOs have. IIRC, the end of the level 50 leveling questline gives you a free Fantasia. Otherwise, if you're really low level, it may be easier to simply start over from scratch with a different character, circumventing all the costs associated. For the Expansions, basically once a new one comes out, they stop selling the old ones and bundle them in with the new one. So at this point if you wanted to catch up from scratch, you would need ARR (the base game) + Shadowbringers (which comes with Heavensward and Stormblood.) The base game comes with 30 days game time but otherwise they are not tied to the subscription at all.
I get this with a lot of things frequently cause I tend to run new content blind in the first day or two. I think Brute Justice was the one that dazzled me the most, as it was one of the first normal raid door bosses.
I definitely limit the use of modifiers. I use alt1-3, shift 1-3, and also alt ~ when a class really needs a lot of buttons. (Also, use the ~ key at all ) I also use ZXC. If it is comfortable for you to do so, the num pad provides a LOT of button real estate. You do have to take your hand off the mouse to use it, which in my experience is fine if it's limited to things like buffs and long recast time abilities. I can't think of any situation in which I was bitten for relinquishing the mouse for .5-2 seconds to operate the numpad between GCDs, even during movement. Lastly, some people shift WASD to ESDF, which gives you at worst the A key, but also increases the comfortable range of number keys on the right which can add some keys there. I know people who swear by this, especially that do not have gaming peripherals with macro keys, but it can be an adjustment if you're not used to it. But nothing helps mitigate the problem like having a keyboard with macro keys or a mouse with macro buttons. It's an expensive solution though and they're rarely useful outside MMOs.
My guess is you would probably have to be a repeat offender for a ban. But if someone reports it you'd almost certainly be infracted for it. People get in trouble for much more superficial forms of griefing than something irreversible and seismic like spoiling the game's story.
Are you using Synastry on the heavy pulls? Dropping Synastry on the tank drastically increases your healing output on the tank because it both increases your healing power and partially duplicates your heals on them. This is usually what ASTs are missing for the big pulls. I suggest combining it with Duirnal, because doing too many shield GCDs doesn't play nice with Synastry due to its low raw healing value. Getting the one-and-done healing potency from Regen is a stronger benefit for use with Synastry so you have more GCDs free to use on Benefic.
The primary problem with this is the scarcity of finding hires in Japan who are experienced with western-style MMOs that are good enough/qualified to be on XIV's design team. This doesn't sound like much but they have expressed more than once that it is quite difficult to recruit for positions like this. As others have stated, it's not a straight benefit to just add people to a design team as well, as the more creative heads you employ the me likely those heads will butt with greater frequency. This isn't to dismiss it as a bad idea out of game, but it's not as simple a solution as is being presented. There are pros and cons. The cons have to be considered when they are making management decisions about this sort of thing. Finally, though it's not likely what you want to hear, just because you don't agree with their design direction doesn't necessarily mean the design team as a whole is incompetent or underdelivering.
It's likely people will end up generating more Plaits in ShB trying to grind up the new classes so selling it now is the sound decision even if you want to use it because prices are likely to drop in the coming month.
*pounding the ground like donkey kong*
I WILL BE THERE IN 5.0 AND BEYOND, STILL QUEUING UP FOR THUNDER GOD
It goes nowhere. Fees take gil out of circulation, and is one of the only ways the game destroys gil.
IMO, if you expect too much out of this game you're guaranteed to be disappointed. There's plenty to like and it's certainly charming, but it's far from perfect. While I'm critical about its shortcomings, if I can't take it at face value then it'll constantly get in the way of things I do enjoy about the game. Housing in this game is pretty much a disaster, and anyone looking at it should be aware of that going in. Everyone has to ask "how do I get a house?" and the writing should be on the wall from the responses to that question. Yes, it's shit. But you set yourself up for the shit to get to you. If something is borderline hopeless and you go "I'll try anyway," ultimately you're responsible for what that does to you. I'll give a different example of boundary setting for this game. Barely a month before launch, SE rolls out an event that says "Hey, come run ARR content for tokens to buy special event items!" Immediately I'm like "Nice, another "con the vets into running bad content" event!" But then I ask, what's the angle? It's "There's a unique pair of earrings, and it takes 100 tokens to buy them. One 24-man run is 2 tokens!" **Pass.** And that's the end of it. No "maybe I'll do this thankless grind anyway," which would almost certainly end in mental and emotional exhaustion. How about I do things I actually want to do instead of doing things I know very well are going to suck and end with me hating this game days before the expansion launch? Just my 2 cents.
You also can't effectively garden. There's plenty that's inferior about Apartments to an actual house.
Mine came the day after.
It's not on Mogstation, but rather the [SE store.](https://store.na.square-enix-games.com/en_US/product/527395/final-fantasy-xiv-shadowbringers-standard-edition-pc-download)
You can pre-order at any time before *launch,* which early access isn't.
I frankly cannot tell you the last time I saw a WAR in a dungeon using Steel Cyclone instead of Decimate. It doesn't seem to me it may have a big impact if it's not at all needed for them to tank trash. It's certainly not useful in a raid setting. Similarly, I have a hard time imagining "non-Bloodbath levels of heading" as a loss, given that their current Bloodbath type healing output is 0. But I also think people are forgetting just how much WAR was able to heal with Bloodbath in HW and that was *without* the ridiculous 100% dcrit FC spam.
the answer is always simple
They don't ban them frequently and tend to ban a ton of them all at once. Whatever their rationale for this, the end result is it's easier to see bots because they simply have weeks of time to be noticed.
So just to explain a bit where this information is coming from: PLD generally is an excellent tank. The reason people talk about WAR being good is some of their tools are exceptionally tailored to the sorts of challenges tanks face, and on top of this they do the most damage, and what makes a class valuable in high-end play in this game is especially focused on the damage dealing part. But most players are not playing at a difficulty level whether these things actually matter. PLD is not far enough behind WAR at all for it to really matter for anyone in practice, and the damage meta is not of any actual consequence anywhere in the game because the game rarely ever throws **strict** DPS checks at the player. Similarly, DRK is not a bad tank--their shielding is excellent for MTing--it's just that what's valuable for a tank is for them to be *good enough* and then be able to deliver in other areas deemed more consequential (damage.) But at the end of the day, as others have posted, ultimately you should play what you want / is fun for you because it does not matter and it will not result in the playerbase excluding you virtually ever.
It's a rare RNG item from retainers' Quick Exploration venture and it's in very high demand. Very low supply + very high demand = that price.
Cataclysm literally destroyed a spot I have moody teenager memories about. Such exsquisite misery
Mouse over macros are the most common way to do this. It would be something like /ac "Aetherial Manipulation" &lt;mo&gt; These sorts of macros are crucial for any DPS with a support-type skill to help keep their primary DPSing target when they need to use it.
You already cannot use primary materia for the Novus step.
Red names in the housing list indicate that the house is set to private and not open to guests.
Anybody upgraded from a SATA SSD to a PCI-e SSD and noticed load time differences? It's already pretty quick with a SATA SSD but I wonder if the transfer rate on PCI-e actually ends up in a difference in XIV's engine.
sweet summer silent
Nothing has changed. Steam and non-Steam are incompatible with eachother and it is not possible to transfer characters between accounts.
Don't think so as it's not associated with any tooltips now. It may be the same or lower depending on what DRK's damage spread looks like and where they want their DPS to fall.
My favorite scene was definitely the one with Zenos and Fordola in the Ala Mhigan throne room. Zenos on average is somewhat of a two-dimensional villain, but the way in which they portrayed his ability to manipulate others felt very real and chilling in this scene. I feel like this is one of the only scenes where Zenos' speech is very forceful, and his actions are forceful to the point of physical contact, but then he is totally cold and stonefaced throughout like he's in compete control.
IIRC there was something that made it much more obvious in one of the final cutscenes, but I forget exactly what it was... But up until then it was like "elezen with a katana???? an i supposed to know who this is? they act like i should know who this is" so i mean there's no really a lot of options
If you've got your shit together generally you can run with party chat off. I know friends with anxiety that do this all the time and it almost never creates substantial issue, especially not as DPS. If you're especially concerned with it, try bringing a supportive friend who can inform you when someones trying to make important contact with you.
A substantial portion of it is "making things for other crafters," but SB got good about making marketboard catch-up gear available for the general players, the weapons of which are especially useful. Additionally, raiders in early expansion need a lot of potions and food for prog, and these items are with profitable.
There's a compelling reason to sell combat ones currently because they are fetching a premium from people trying to work on ARR relics before expansion drops.
No order of buff will change "0 enmity" to anything other than "0 enmity" if you catch my drift
It identity is being the bastard child class that gets hand-me-down shit from other tanks + TBN. That's basically it.
Posting on Reddit is easy. [Reading people's responses to your posts is not.](https://i.gyazo.com/b85f774d4e1b20de037f9317d18aa8fa.png)
Then they'd have to design encounters around people using solo LBs and most people simply won't (source: DF)
I don't think raving about how every other poster has a superficial interest in screenshots and how playing casual content for x time entitles you to having an opinion is the right way to start any post
The FFXIII stuff eventually ended up on Mogstation. You haven't missed your only chance to get it.
Relative to what? Is current Machinist hard or just mind-numbingly rigid?
They did similar shit with SAM. The first ability they get is Third Eye. Just...really? I know there's not much meat here as SAM just doesn't have all that many abilities in total, but I can't think of a more useless skill for low level content, and they can't do *anything with it at all until 58.*
Typically late at night / early in the mornings on weekdays, but the server can't be congested. Right now is pretty much peak hours for NA servers.
WoW hasn't taught you anything about numbers, apparently. The reason WoW looks so negative is because of the sheer number of players playing it. People are naturally always much louder about their negative experiences than their positive ones, and when you have millions of players, then the negative signal of your playerbase is quite large, while the positive hasn't changed substantially. And WoW is a much larger game than XIV--its subreddit has over 1 million subs to XIV's 250k, and Reddit users are *not* the majority of any game's community. It's also typical for posters in subs for games to dunk on a different game than the one they're on. People who are happy with WoW would not be here trashing it, or upvoting comments trashing it either. It's just a pointless cycle of negativity, but then XIV is less negative than WoW. Maybe it's that XIV players are happy with XIV, and XIV posters are happy with XIV, because people who are not happy with XIV are not playing it and are not posting about it a majority of the time--not in r/ffxiv, at least! Yet at the same time, there's relatively few to contest any narratives towards WoW for this game because XIV players just aren't WoW players a vast majority of the time, so it's nothing but yes-men nonsense.
Yes, it's not consumed until you use it at character selection.
No, once you're on a Steam account it's distinct from a normal PC account. There is no way to move character data from a Steam account to a non Steam account. The only way to move from Steam to non-Steam is to start over.
Yes, they're part of MSQ and are required. Though the quality of the early ARR patch quests are questionable, generally the patch quests are all part of the same linear MSQ narrative and are not side stories.
Yes and very.
There's a distaste for it because it will not work well at all.
There are virtually no addons for this game due to a lack of developer support for them and its reasonably modular-game interface.
Just keep doing increasingly higher level dungeons and you'll probably get the hang of it.
emisogynist
People rarely upvote actual questions in the questions thread so it only takes one person to screw it up.
Upvoted
It's less about gaining something tangible and more about when you're downvoted to oblivion you're effectively silenced because most people don't naturally drift to collapsed comments. Like yeah, the internet points argument is totally valid, but it's also valid to feel like you're being punished when you are mass downvoted because it does have a negative impact on the motivation for "I'll speak"
No. When you kill enemies they are automatically funneled to your inventory.
it's "pefectes strike" that gets me
There's only two shout clips per player voice and they're nonspecific. Most weaponskills will trigger them randomly. If you're not asking for a Shadowbringers race, then check Youtube because there's videos of combat voices for every existing race/gender combo currently in game.
They're just referring to the fact that it's very difficult (or even impossible) to get into a majority of the servers right now.
They do remain indefinitely until picked once finished. I've left fully grown plants in the corners of my beds for literal months for crossing.
Some implicit and some overt false statements about the higher level players you're zealously attempting to other: * They don't dodge AoEs * They're inhuman &amp; perfect * They don't use Skill Speed/Spell Speed * They're always at peak every encounter * They're friends with 7 other non-humans exactly like them * They don't use Diversion * They don't Provoke if they lose aggro &gt;Thanks for your time, I'll take my downvotes now. You're welcome.
The macro system is intentionally limited to reduce the amount specific things like this are viable because it veers too much into the realm of gameplay automation.
quests where you do your job
maybe they could like: fix their engine just kidding i know who i'm talking about
They literally restart the server to kick everyone out, with the goal of kicking players who will not be returning because they're not there.
You'd think they would have addressed this part too. I distinctly remember it did not work because the "auto kick" used the same function as the player initiating log out, which players cannot do during dialogue, thus they cannot be "kicked" by the server during dialogue. Nice... The problem really stems from it being far too trivial to circumvent the auto logout, and literally anybody can do it. If they were serious about solving the problem then they would have come up with a way to actually force kick players that are idle rather than have it call a normal player logout function. If they didn't, then it's 100% on them and kicking **everyone** off of the game over it because they did not devise a proper force disconnect solution is simply not acceptable.
I will be logging out in my garden that I am married to because there is no choice
That's the Armory bonus and it is available for any class that is lower level than your highest class. It is still effective for a level 2 class if the highest class is level 3, for instance. MSQ is a good source of EXP, but it's ultimately up to you. There are other ways to level. Conventional wisdom says your MSQ class should ideally be a DPS because they have substantially longer queue times for dungeons, so tanks and healers are better for alt catch up as it's easier to level them exclusively in dungeons.
They're separate. When early access ends, it will prevent you from logging in until you enter your normal game key.
I skimmed through it and there's no information that needs an update. It is fairly general though and doesn't get into too much detail. Anything talking about Heavensward can basically be plugged with (insert expansion here.) It's really more of a "new player FAQ" than a guide.
I don't really get an impression there will be a great rift in the difficulty of any class in either of these roles in ShB, personally.
It seems like the English localization is the one that removed a lot of that aspect of Haurchefaunt's character. He has lines similar to the FR version in the original JP dialogue.
Where you are in the game does not change the fact that everyone has to go through the log in process to get into the game. It doesn't go "Ok where are you" until after you're already in.
You're going to feel squishy on trash until 70 since that's how long it takes you to get your %HP shield and you don't have much in the way of mitigation compared to PLD for certain. Being able to passively block with the shield and things like Bulwark do make a large imprint on your options to mitigate damage from trash and DRK has nothing to replace these abilites from 60-70.
VPNs do not work for everyone. If these don't work then you're probably out of luck. Just do what you can in game and don't think much about shit like clipping GCDs when it's unavoidable cause it's only going to make a marginal difference compared to having your shit together and being the best player you can be.
You can play the entire game as a healer and never touch any other role.
The "Pre-Purchase Bonus Content" key is the EA key and it should already accept it. The one you need to enter day 1 is the launch key ("Standard Edition Content") on July 2nd. The former should have a button to enter it on Mog Station. When done correctly, your account status should look like [this.](https://gyazo.com/80ba36c0d12a93601b23d8d418b7a1a8) IIRC there's a button somewhere around there to enter the key.
You should probably realistically expect it to be pretty sketchy, especially because there's an unprecedented number of active players currently. They also have had recurring problems with DDOS attacks and I seriously doubt the people launching them are going to sit idly by while an expansion launches smoothly.
Use the "request delivery" button near the top. If that doesn't work, log out and try again. Make sure your mailbox isn't full, too.
IIRC the slashing debuff is from the tank cleave, which is not avoidable. It's unclear if they intended for you to swap tanks or not.
Don't reply if you're not going to answer the question.
Paying attention to politics. Fun!
Healer? Lol. DPS? NIN absolutely looks harder from what I can tell.
BLM looks easy on paper but is not very easy in practice. Because they need to spend a lot of time hardcasting they are very easily disrupted by mechanics in encounters without substantial knowledge of that encounter, and planning your movement / instant cast options around that knowledge. It's basically the only class where it's like "The boss is going to do their damnedest to prevent you from doing fucking anything"
SMN is probably simpler on average. Many of the things they reduced or removed with SMN were absolutely things that made newcomers' heads spin, like ultra long rotation games and aligning Contagion/DoT timers. Many people really did not click with the way you had to proc Wyrmwaves in Bahamut either.
don't worry these tools are still buying it
It's not really apparent when it's actually going into affect, but presumably "soon." It still isn't currently. The game generally copy/pastes pretty well, so wherever you have it, move its contents to .../Steam/Steamapps/common/FINAL FANTASY XIV Online/ should do it for the most part.
Absolutely None
It will be easier than it was in SB, but the changes aren't radical. It shouldn't affect you at all. The things that are attractive about Samurai to most players are still there.
It will be as long as it says it is. This is very far from a trivial patch.
Many are changing a lot so a comprehensive responsible is not feasible, but NIN has always been considered fairly difficult and it appears to have gotten more complicated and not less.
The great gates have been sealed. None may enter. None may leave.
IT DOES WHAT NOW DOES IT HEAL THE TARGET WAR SPEND GAUGE TO HUG THE BOSS
DO YOU HATE NULLIFYING KNOCKBACKS? HAVE I GOT THE EXPANSION FOR YOU
I STILL DON'T GET HOW THE FUCK IT IS JUSTIFIABLE FOR DRK TO HAVE LESS WEAPONSKILLS THAN ARR PLD
Equalizing free karma for Kupo Bot
It's not a waste of time because most people who try a game and the first x hours of it are shit are not going to be that convinced to shell out a bunch of money to get past the sucky parts rather than them making the game not suck. There's a lot of good reason they're looking at addressing this still in spite of the brazen "pay money to skip it instead of fix it" cash grab.
how much of the "non-EA crowd" is actually going to be at 71 on july 2nd though
diadem is the easy answer by far
is there even a point in observing the timezone difference when its going to be a full day either way
when does this game honestly expect you to know something in order to play it
Away is still there too
What if I told you people choose races for motivations that aren't sexual
I will say that I like the idea of TBN granting oGCD potency instead of Bloodspillers (or Blood overcapping in practice for mortal DRKs like me) Everything else is just stuff that makes it impossible to ignore that they promised a rework of DRK that could not be done in the middle of SB, and it did not materialize in ShB either. Also fuck all the hand-me-down WAR bullshit. I'm tired of it.
seriously why is it fine for drk to have less weaponskills in 2019 than paladin did in 2013
translation: "y'all im real tired of appearing on camera for one year"
At the very least, tank potencies are the same across all tanks. +Damage effects will modify them, of course.
He is talking out his ass. Trust me, it would be major news if they announced this.
You can't have Kroeger without Chad
It feels like there's a lot to unpack in this comment
SAM is getting easier and RDM is mostly staying the same, so they can have a fun pissing contest to see who's the easiest class now.
"HAPPY BIRTHDAY I GOT YOU A LIFE COMMITMENT"
I FUCKING DON'T THAT'S WHY I STAYED ON CRYSTAL WHERE ALL MY CROSS SERVER CONTACTS AREN'T
i liked mana shift, but unfortunately mana shift taught me to hate bard players
i can't tell you cause it's balmung and nobody would read the novel about it
im a Summoner fight me
People just don't have object permanence outside the post they're reading, so if you're saying something negative about the game then you hate the game because none of your other positions exist at that time. It's genuinely too much mental effort for them to imagine you might have a different overall stance on the game outside the one specific issue that's in front of them.
It's ok cause they're rarely actual UOs so my logic is it's not contributing to discussion of UOs.
Actually it's just not acceptable at all.
I'm sorry but people are human and have emotions and when they are disappointed they feel emotions, and it does not make them children to express frustration about a topic in a thread dedicated to that topic where it is presumed that their peers will be in that topic. Stop trying to muzzle people for being justifiably upset about things they are used to being pulled out from underneath them without warning or explanation when they were otherwise expecting to be hype for the expansion, and not "well guess my framerate is going to be worse surprise"
"Will SE give away money because they sold an expansion"
imagine how much traffic this download has
your bby boy, as it were
[from balmung SB launch](https://gyazo.com/122907854fad65dd9436f1726fd0b9a9)
At this point you should really probably just see for yourself and make your own evaluation of it.
The normal functionality is for it to proceed to the "Play" button when the patch is finished but the servers are still down, so yes.
We heard you like spawning more potions so we put an entropic brew in your entropic brew so you can spawn more potions while you spawn more potions
Props for throwing this together so fast.
Player shouts and dialogue voices are on the same channel and cannot be modified separately. You can reduce the volume of other players sounds which includes their combat shouts somewhere in the options (unfortunately cannot check exactly where right now,) and of course if you are playing a magic user you will essentially never hear those shouts except for in bursts on Red Mage.
Honestly these are two narrative styles trying to address different concerns. I don't think it's right to side by side them and declare one better than the other. Sometimes I want to see a game that validates the female experience. Other times it's too exhausting for me to deal with a game that doesn't let me fantasize about not being treated different. These depend entirely on the viewers' needs, which are not immutable. So personally I don't think it's really right to introduce objectivity to one or the other. As you've pointed out though, there's a big difference between a game that is blind to the character's gender and a game that is written to work for a toggleable gender. There are wildly different intents going into these two setups, and people frequently give the latter far more credit than it deserves. Femshep is probably the classic example: yeah she's great at face value, but you have to remove yourself from the fact that it's essentially written as a male character to make sure it works as a male character, then porting the male character to a female one, which detracts from its ultimate value a substantial amount. This is not on the same level as a dedicated female character that is written to be female but not regarded differently.
Pre-order bonus and early access are one and the same (early access *is* a pre-order bonus.) The game key for the expansion is separate and will need to be entered on July 2nd. When you enter the pre-order code, it's supposed to show a circle next to ShB early access.
It does it handheld as well, which would theoretically eliminate the typical sources of input lag.
They were all removed.
I'm a robot with stereoscopic vision, I see no problems.
The themes in SB made no sense. Why were there Kugane motifs everywhere?
the only time it's too late for early access code is july 2nd
watering crops first
&gt;All worlds are currently undergoing maintenance HOW IS IT POSSIBLE TO LOG IN TOO FAST
just let me water my plants
I left music disabled when I logged out I screwed up
smn physick still heals for 700 they're trolling why not delete this trash spell se
citation needed
I saw the red cactus it did not look nice
The previews for Hrothgar were horribly unflattering. They look substantially better in game.
I had some mad lag in the first 10 minutes but that was literally it
dwt not being tied to aetherflow tilts me, like i just leave it off cooldown and forget about it forever cause there's no context anymore
It was not nerfed but they did not ilvl cap it and average 70 gear is now far beyond what it was designed to be cleared in.
i see no spoilers here
SMN feels substantially different with its priorities so if you want something a little more fresh then I'd go with that. For something more familiar probably pick BLM.
Can't speak to their intentions for BRD, they were more thematically appropriate in SB. Don't know what made them choose the feeling they did for ShB.
Is anybody else having problems with auto running? It feels like something in the engine has changed. I've played this game 6 years so I trust my auto run muscle memory completely, but certain things I swear worked before no longer do, like toggling auto run mid-jump.
This was more apparent for the low level knives that are very tiny, but it's fairly obvious the reason they appear so high up is that some daggers are just really big.
Just before maint for this, I really got my lore friend riled up trying to get him to explain to me how the Sabotender Emperador was actually a dragon because it was playing Midgardsormr's motif in that song. I think he went to bed annoyed with me
ah shit here we go again
entirely too much effort for "whatever that guys doing the top dps, off it goes"
this is causing me endless torment and it's extremely annoying to keep stopping all the time while I'm trying to travel
I had the same problem but I attributed it to doing too many R2s due to unfamiliarity with the new buttons. Gonna reserve further judgement on it until 80. There's tools that missing at 70, like the frequent R4 procs from using Egi spells. However, it is not unheard of that MP is not tuned right in the end.
The notion that they were afraid of AST balance but then **made absolutely all of their buffs balance** is insane cognitive dissonance.
my actual run of the 71 dungeon was pathetically slow so i really don't know about that in practice
real talk though this is probably the only bad thing that's happened today
[I am just going to leave this choice garbage here](https://i.gyazo.com/93a3def34c7fbcf5e84ee80159dfb1cd.mp4)
Your argument seems very selective given that if this were the case, at 80 all enemies would be 80 and a majoriy if the zones would be more dangerous on average relative to previous expansions.
No point anyway unless you specifically have friends there. *Balmung* had a queue of 12 this evening.
i don't know about you but enmity has been a mess in every run i've done with players because no matter how much you buff it 0 enmity is still 0 i don't know how a war mashing overpower in defiance was losing aggro but having 0 tools to do anything about it in the non-tank end felt extremely bad
This would be possible on paper but I don't know necessarily that tools exist to modify audio files simply because nobody has developed them for XIV. To put it nicely, the motivation of the modding community doesn't have a damn thing to do with sound.
the problem seems to me to be expecting more than lazy pandering out of "dancer"
I am not a legacy player and I still did not use Steel Cyclone because you did not need it, which is presumably why they decided it was fine to get rid of it
Breaking: People have preferences about races
Things ShB has: Imagination
The NPCs doing straight-backed animations is really weird, which is actually really frequent. Just "why not players?"
Didn't solo duties kick you out of queue before ShB?
&gt;!She also seems to just stand still any time she's occupied with a mechanic, while Alphinaud appears to keep casting.!&lt;
If you leveled even one alt in Stormblood then your idea of what kind of EXP dungeons gives was tainted. It is extremely easy to forget how slow it is right out the door in a new expansion.
I think I have like 3 different level 50 alts. I hate fun.
Most of the runs I've been in have tended towards the slower side, but this is brand new content a majority of DFers aren't familiar with and some people's classes changed substantially. I played Summoner a ton in SB but what they changed is enoguh to make me fumble and brain fart through shit like "oh I'm not using DWT, deathflare huh," which probably virtually everyone is doing.
They will automatically page to the lower level versions of those skills if you sync below the level they are upgraded at. "Ruin 1" and "Ruin 3" for instance are effectively the same button.
This is not the first time a quest has been broken by class changes. You'd think they'd go back and review to make sure they're not removing something critical after the first few times this has happened.
This is a very good point I would like to see get more attention but unfortunately you did not present it in a way people understand.
Currently if you mouse over Egi-Assault buttons with a summon out, it will say for example "Orders Garuda-Egi to execute Slipstream," and that's essentially all it says. If you need to know what *Slipstream actually does or what it's potency is,* you have to rifle thorough your spellbook when just is needlessly painful, when it is perfectly possible for them to just add that information to the paging Egi-Assault buttons in the first place.
&gt;Feels counter intuituve Explain. I don't know any SMN buttons that cause conflicts of interest or are otherwise difficult to figure out how they're meant to be used. &gt;all of you spells feel pointless Hyperbole, but I invite you to explain why they are pointless (as long as they're not Physick. Nobody wants to die on the Physick hill.) &gt;You're not working towards a big burst point now it just happens. I feel like probably an intentional design goal was to make SMN less hot or cold--or specifically *feast or famine.* When you had Aetherflow, your button pressing game was pretty good and your damage was excellent. When you did not you were reduced to smashing R3 with your eyes closed. Similarly, Bahamut had an *insane* amount of total potency unequivalent to anything else in the game, which while this isn't inherently a problem could invite their designs to rein it in. There's also a problem these changes are trying to solve: **Dying on a SMN, especially right before Bahamut, felt excruciating and had a seismic impact on your DPS that was just as unparalleled as their burst power.** With the current setup, you can tell it's spread out more evenly and you can see this philosophy reflected in Firebird trance, which has you steadily dealing moderate damage throughout rather than a ton of damage right at the end. This is absolutely a class flavor concern, so for the most part it is up to user preference and I feel is a valid complaint overall. But it's clear these changes came from a place of trying to address SMN's flaws and not to just drag it through the muck for no reason. &gt;keep track of your rotation you were on and planning spells ahead. They still do this and it's clear it will be even more so when they're at 70. You can say it's reduced and that's more valid, but suggesting they lost it completely is not that honest. &gt;Now you can just face roll your keyboard No, you can't. In any case, it's obvious you liked SB SMN a lot, but I feel you're overly focused on the presentation of its burst and Bahamut's centrality to that burst. It's clear they'll instead build up to Firebird, not it may not be the dazzling laser armageddon light show you're used to. But I've played it most of today and I like making decisions about my pet (not perfect but it's there,) and Firebird Trance offers different button rhythm that to me is equivalent to the way different phases of SB SMN offered different "tempo." But if you're over focused in what was and not what is then you'll probably never be at a place mentally where you can warm up to it. And of course, you're dealing with low 70s SMN which is obviously missing several skills and traits. The pieces will also almost certainly fall together differently once the math wizards determine what the optimal opener / rotation is which could impact what SMN is doing in practice and how it feels to a significant degree.
I like the story do far because it is, for lack of a better word, more "fantastic." It has a lot of imagination.
These are two entirely different skills attempting to accomplish entirely different things. One is a normal weapon combo that Overpower must precede, and one is a gauge spender that you drop meter on / spam in IR. The one that isn't free is naturally much stronger, but you do not have infinite resources to spend on it, at which point you'd fill in with Mythril Tempest combo.
The ACT plugin has not been updated still, which would probably cause any of the cosmetic overlays to not functon. Also generally, ACT questions etc. are kosher for questions thread as there's not really a better place to ask about it and it's still relevant to the game.
Hard to say if it's intended, but it probably shouldn't be given that they still prevent you from using the shield outside combat.
The new zones are intentionally familiar but they are not actually built from existing maps.
They all have the same stats since 4.0.
Which dungeon is this? I've seen no such restrictions thus far.
Simply put, stun does exactly what it says it does. It stuns the enemy *if* they are not immune to it. But presumably they might expect you to interrupt an ability at some point, but may not necessarily want you to be able to completely stun them. While you can effectively interrupt with stun in practice if they are not immune to it, it is a distinct effect from Interrupt, which is basically just Silence with a new coat of paint. This is the same as before--sometimes enemies were immune to Stun but not Silence.
ass is in the eye of the beholder, as it were
not much of a rant tbh
If you want to level a healer then queue health for old content could not be better for you at this time because SE ruffled a lot of veteran healers' feathers and drove them to other classes, and everyone and their dog is leveling Gunbreaker and Dancer right now. There is no where near enough healers right now.
You're not impressed with the amount of MP Piety restores at levels that is less than what is on i390 gear? Shocker.
If they're not going to give SCH the ability to direct who their fairy heals, then they should probably get an ability that tells the fairy "Heal this target for the next x seconds / casts!" which would play better with shit like Seraph where there is no feasible target you would want to have sustained free shields other than the tank. Having an ability like this with a recast timer would give SCH's another ability to use without it creating the overwhelming scenario of needing to macro Embrace and mash it all day to get the most out of the fairy. &gt;The DPS kits for all healers need to be completely redesigned. I understand the merit in simplifying the DPS kit to make healers more accessible for less experienced players, but "simple" does not necessarily have to mean "not engaging." The state of healer DPS across the board right now seems completely unfinished and lazy. I'm not interested in the argument that "healers are there to heal, not DPS." There will always exist players who want to do damage as a healer and are capable of doing so - why should they be punished with mind-numbing boredom for wanting to perform better? Let's not forget that your DPS kit is also essential while solo questing. It should be fun to use when it is needed, independently of how one feels about whether or not it ought to be used in group content. I don't agree that there's any merit to simplifying the DPS kit because it's a solution in need of a problem. There was nothing stopping a less invested player from doing Bio -&gt; Broil x N in SB. Yes, it is not the DPS SCH would be balanced around doing, but they're not an FFlogger so they're not going to do good damage anyway. Half of them don't even try to push DPS buttons at all. Making DPS buttons less complicated doesn't do anything other than ruin the class for people who do try or are engaged by complex button setups and it doesn't change the health of DF in any way which is not balanced around the expectations that healers will be DPSing anyway. On paper you boost the DPS of the players that do not try hard with the DPS buttons but do still press them in a basic way, but *how valuable is this in the grand scheme of things* when it comes at a price of making the game less fun for a substantial percentage of the players? Most people would not trade saving maybe 10 seconds per run **some of the runs only** from the small audience of players who try enough to push DPS buttons but not try to learn them to have increased DPS. It does not make sense to harm the game's design for such a small return. There was nothing stopping you from doing 1 DoT and spamming a nuke before. But now the game is stopping you from doing more than that. This is a pointless design direction to take the game in. &gt;This is an old problem, but why oh why do healing buffs still not affect your abilities? hey look on the bright side, the tank stance you straight up did not interact with is now gone
It's not universally hated. People exist that like it. Doesn't get much of anything done to run to these sorts of talking points.
UO: dancer generally is creepy
I don't buy these talking points because NPCs can't carry you the way players carry you. The NPCs can't scrape you off the floor. There's an absolute bottom in which failing to understand mechanics generally will showstop you in Trusts, but we as players have all carried people through shit in many runs over our time in the game.
I don't like it because it didn't actually change. The new "Dark Arts" stuff doesn't change what DRKs doing, they just decided a buff oGCD should be a damage oGCD, which doesn't actually change much of anything. Similarly, Darkside went from an always on toggle to an always on Huton-style buff that you still don't have to think about. They didn't address any of the problems with DRK, **not the least of which** is just that they get hand-me-down WAR shit which still had not changed. Meanwhile they deleted our changed many more things that made DRK unique. In the whole I just feel like what they were implicitly saying all through SB--"wait for the rework"--they lied up and down about. DRK has better animations but they're still 123ing like an ARR PLD and none of the complaints about them were addressed. I don't feel like "spamming Dark Arts" contact because now you're just spamming Edge of Shadow instead. No amount of ritzy animations will cover these things up in my book. People balked at launch how DRK was a PLD with different weaponskills. Now they they're a PLD with WAR weaponskills. That it turned out this way just tells me they're not listening to people's criticism. They also don't seen to care that Bloodspiller feels like shit to push be were it's not timed for its "big hit" presentation, and the fact that it just makes the fucking auto attack particle and sound effect. Darkside is still a fucking ugly barely-there PSX stank glow. These things are just salt in the wound for me. DRK hasn't gotten the flagship class treatment that the classes that came before it got.
They don't sympathize with your point and on top of that it's melodramatic, so yeah. It's well known that people aren't happy healers, and it you're not either, then don't play one. There's no need to grandstand over it and SE will see the numbers on their end when people aren't playing healers and queue times are tilted because of the fact. Not everyone is going to agree with you, and it you want people to respect your opinion, then present it in a respectable fashion. That definitely involves not making blanket statements about the integrity of the community as a whole just because a handful of people on fucking Reddit took an opening you presented them with.
People seem to be quick to forget that this was changed because of ACN complaints about not having full Aetherflow on wipes. It'd reset your cooldowns as intended, but then when you got your 3 Aetherflow you had to wait 60s more to be able to be fully ready to do your proper opener on both jobs. Not letting you use it outside combat solves the problem. You no longer have to wait 60s to be in the right place in your opener. This may not be a solution you agree with but it is why they made this change.
1. Because there isn't a reason for SMN to have unaspected damage in all things. They had summons of many elements in all the mainline FF games. Furthermore, it doesn't matter. 2. Because people want new spells, they don't want traits for existing ones. Also why the fuck are you so hung up on the fire thing? It doesn't matter at all. 3. Because it's already not a selfish DPS class. 4. You do not even know who Phoenix is, and thus have no basis for knowing it's the perfect fit for the Coil nerd class that SMN has become over the past half decade.
This is not possible. The best Shukuchi macro you can manage is one that uses your target (so like /ac "Shukuchi" &lt;t&gt;). This is a mashable button that will use Shukuchi on your target, circumventing the need to click anything. Be aware that it places you in the center of the target and targets that are exceptionally large or partially out of bounds it may not work on. All else failling, you can solve any distance problems by simply sprinting. The input barrier with ground targeting sometimes makes it not even worth bothering with Shukuchi.
i doubt this will be a popular post but i'm not impressed with virtually any of it * PLD: holy circle but bigger (INCEPTION: holy circle is aoe holy spirit) * WAR: not fell cleave * DRK: basically a SMN demi- that you don't interact with * GNB: literally a higher potency version of one of their starter attacks * WHM: did you miss largesse * SCH: we're separating SMN and SCH but giving SCH a SMN summon * AST: Two (2) Pre-existing Stances * MNK: armor crush, MNK edition * DRG: dragonfire dive that takes up an extra button slot * NIN: duality with MULTIPLE weaponskills * SAM: of all things to copy from MNK, meditiation is what they picked * BRD: this is the only one that genuinely looks unfamiliar. * MCH: robot bahamut * BLM: single target foul * SMN: even SMN got a copy of a SMN spell * RDM: what if you could cast combo finishers twice. phenomenal like yeah presentation matters a lot to look and feel but i feel like this thread really drew attention to the fact that all of these save for like one or two are just really boring
i only stopped to do one fate since shb started and it was this one, and i didn't see what its name was until it was completed i'm so glad i decided to do one fate
There isn't a bottleneck anywhere at this point. If you're seeing this then there's a server problem.
people just bash dark arts to bash dark arts, there's obviously an insane amount of cognitive dissonance that goes into "ammo should do something but it should NOT do something because that would make it be dark arts which is the antichrist"
Buying an ARR key for another platform also comes with the 30 days paid, coincidentally.
because most classes have gaudy animations, this is not outside their style at all
They're actually not as bad as you make it sound. I literally had them kill the first boss of Switch alone and they only took 6 minutes. Sure that's at least 50% slower than a real group but it's not terrible for "I didn't participate."
Legacy is still better for KB+M for the backwards running, although it's common for KB+M players to not like how it feels because of it being 8-directional.
I don't think character unlocks really count as roguelite elements, they're practically a tutorial function meant to ease onboarding of complete newcomers. StS doesn't completely open up until you've unlocked everything, and a very small % of your gameplay is going to be spent working on unlocks. You don't really retain progress between runs on StS in the sense that is a key characteristic of roguelites at all. "Everything's unlocked" is the real StS and nobody would think of card and relic unlocks as being retained progress between runs.
sometimes colorless cards seems not so colorless
How do I clear a destination? I don't see any way to just drop my destination from the UI in any settings or otherwise, and all the solutions I've tried to Google don't fix my problem. I emergency jumped out of Supercruise cause I got too close to a star, and I'm not able to get away from it because starting the FSD attempts to Hyperdrive to my next jump. But I don't have enough fuel to get out of my next jump without scooping first. But I can't scoop cause I can't enter Supercruise, because I'm stuck with my destination set to the next jump. I've tried cancelling the route on the galaxy map with no results, locking/unlocking the destination with no results. I just want to drop my target so I can FSD into Supercruise normally! How? [Picture of what I'm trying to clear.](https://gyazo.com/8b3bb27e379d7002f047b95180966f50) I feel like I'm missing something obvious but I've searched and searched and all the answers are such bending over backwards for just "i just want to deselect this" and they're not solving my problem :\ I'm pretty sure I can get out of this by keybinding "start supercruise" but I'm frustrated about how there doesn't seem to be a way to do something as simple as just drop my target.
It deals a pretty good amount of damage for 1 energy but you're Defect and not Silent, so
Upgrading [[Glass Knife]] also pretty much eliminates the risk of the card, since it takes many more turns for 12x2 to be reduced to a glorified strike than 8x2 does. Using the normal Glass Knife changes it into a single target [[Dagger Spray]] after just once use.
Is it normal for Supercruise jumping out of, say, an emissions area to just instantly warp you many thousands of lightseconds away? Example: 1) Hyperdrive jump to a system's star and travel ~6kLs to degraded emissions for a recovery mission. 2) Cargo scoop one of the 3 items needed. 3) Supercruise jump out of the area, putting me back at 6kLs away from the emissions (?) I'm confused by the logic applying here. I've had it fling me absurd distances away during missions where the distance was more like 50kLs--one time it shot me 150kLs away, 3 times the distance from the central star! I double checked to make sure I wasn't confusing the location with another mission-related emissions, and it was the only one I had in the system. I don't think of Supercruise as having hyperdrive type qualities to it, but that kinda feels like what it's doing? Is this the way it always works? The scenario hurts my poor newbie logic.
It's something you're likely to regret if you brought it to a planned Heart run.
that's a lot of circlets
Seems like it's only good when you're planning on having a dead hand with unspent resources, and who would plan to do that
What do we want? SLAY THE SPIRE MOBILE! When do we want it? WHEN IT'S DONE!
How does Defect go about getting the most out of Dead Branch?
This is the way it always was. This is the way it always will be.
It has to patch for everyone because you may still encounter players who have Iceborne in non-Iceborne quests and the game needs to be able to display their Iceborne gear, etc. Most online games are like this regardless of if you have an expansion key.
My brother also experienced the installer failing after fully downloading the game (including the texture pack,) and is now initiating another 40 GB download. Big shrug.
clearly that snickers bar sweetened the deal
"watcher losing guide"
I think it surprises most people how effective that strategy is
Like most of Ironclad's problem cards, Dual Wield is yet another energy/opportunity cost problem. It's okay with [[Perfected Strike]] setups, since you get a combat-wide benefit from the duplication without needing to actually spend energy on the cards you're duping. It can have niche usefulness with, uhh... Clash...
good thread [[Sucker Punch]] feels like one of Silent's most useless cards since your first upgrade is almost always [[Neutralize]] and you're likely to run into at least one of cards like [[Leg Sweep]] or [[Crippling Cloud]], which are way better sources of Weak. It's also garbage damage, limiting its usefulness for A1. I always avoid it unless my deck found absolutely 0 sources of Weak outside Neutralize, and even then it's only really attractive if it's already upgraded.
It's good, but seems like I never get it
its great how capcom is making mega millions off this game but can't get a UI designer with common sense, or listen to the players for that matter
I think they said they were waiting on publishers? Doesn't sound like it to me, unless that really takes a long time.
possibly the worst nobcard
The orb cycling on this card combined with all the block it generates is really good.
did they actually specify "a few months" somewhere, cause in the progress report they just said "a little longer" not saying that can't be "months" but afaik there's been no posts estimating any specific length of time
on jan 14th which it isn't where the devs live
Most the people who are like "I'm A20 after 50 hr" are probably a mix of having previous experience with card games/deck building, consumed a lot of "meta" information about the game, and are some level of bullshitting I think it's safe enough to say. But ultimately I feel it's "who cares," the point of the game/of Ascension isn't to wave your game peen at others. IMO if you're playing without outside input then you're always where you should be since it's entirely dependent on you personally discovering key information/strategies on your own which will wildly vary from person to person. Do it as long as it pleases you.
I had this problem while switching between two different resolution displays, which the game doesn't much like. Editing config in the .ini will probably correct it.
Energy is massively impactful so its some statement about the weight of "no more gold."
It's just extremely unlikely in practice most of the time that you will have max HP in a vast majority of runs and I'm really not sure how you could argue otherwise. That's to speak nothing if the day then the relic did nothing to help you reach max HP.
It will be gone from the game on PC tomorrow after Watcher leaves beta
In what way are they not being tracked? Are they not displaying on the character stats page, or not in the run history? Similarly, is there something strage in the achievements section of player stats? Any screens? The only thing StS does with online is fetch daily run information and display aggregate heart damage from all players when you defeat the 3rd boss.
It's insane how many of Gunlance's attacks leave it wide open, but then their update in Iceborne wasn't "give it some defensive options" but rather "We don't like that you don't have a reason to focus on a given part."
why the d20 tho
Little plastic men. &gt;!It took me longer than I'd like to admit to realize this was a figure though!&lt;
**Average** Watcher player's mom must be a skeleton. Like an in the ground skeleton
Hmm, you have to take a good amount of care in the first few floors to make sure you take as little damage as possible in them, else you'll lose HP you need for fhe rest if the act to trade for power. I've never felt it's particularly "slow" Agree on other game modes, I hope it gets there eventually
They can stick it next to the "It's been 24 hours since mobile was uttered by the devs, when is mobile" sticky
with an awesome piano key of actions
A solution in need of a problem in Bow's case, becase it was spamming like 3-4 moves and not 1.
If you turn off your speakers and monitor does the Watcher still die?
Alpha is an insanely slow card. It needs aggressive Draw/Scrying to be able to build up faster, and it costs a total of 6 energy to do less damage than what it says on the card per turn (since it deals 0 damage per turn as long as it's being set up.) It is not as strong as you are under the impression it is.
This is not gonna be a crowd pleaser but it took me a while to realize this comment was about DS3 and not DS2
Demon's Souls would be way better if it was the scale of a modern Souls game. It's simply short and narrow.
It's clearly a reaction to how powerful it is in DS2, though I agree it's pretty knee-jerk and so that many spells are wholly pointless because of what wet tissues they are because of it.
I don't feel the drakes are particularly harder to run past than the ghosts. More Darkwraiths is genuinely a legitimate factor though, especially since IIRC you have to travel through a cramped hallway where one is lurking in that route
Metamorphosis is really random and has the same weaknesses as "Add a card to your hand, it costs 0" IMO. It can be fun, but not really great. It's also a lot of energy to drop on a card that can do nothing for several turns depending on your luck. I think this list is entirely subjective depending on the character. Like [[Sadistic Nature]] can be really good on some Silent builds, but isn't as easy to get a good payoff from for others.
It's still classified as an event floor, ie it wouldn't show as a boss on the run history screen for it. A "boss" for the achievement almost certainly means "a boss floor."
"Surprise more 2D Metroid" makes the rumor really hard to believe. I remember when they announced that they were working on "a 2D and 3D Metroid," which of course ended up being MSR and MP4. The timeline on these has gotten pretty distorted of course--this was in like 2017 and MP4 fell into a troubled development cycle with a tenebrous release date--so I suppose it is not infeasible for this to happen, but given the series' history and the fact that it doesn't push great sales in Japan, I'd find it surprising more was in the works without some kind of prior announcement. **Of course,** I'd much rather be the naysayer that ends up being wrong, and everyone else would be thrilled for me to be wrong, too.
There isn't some secret solution to this. Your deck needs to have good enough block, Weak, etc. to be able to mitigate the attack, and you need to have enough health for the remaining damage to not kill you. Just like defense on any other floor, a mix of all these accompanied by things like draw or other forms of deck cycling/manip will increase the odds you take little damage on this turn. So yeah, it is "don't die" in the exact same way the rest of the game is "don't die." The only thing that makes it stand out from other instances of "don't die" is that it's a very large single number, so Weak is more effective than average.
Scary blankie babe
I'm not sure which feels more dumb, "Die next turn" being a buff or it dealing damage and thus being nullifiable by intangible. The latter definitely shouldn't apply in either case.
that sounds sexy but I've never done it
i like the part where the card exhausts
R3 that trash
Unless it was changed to this when Watcher beta started and the change was later reverted, it has [always been phrased "You no longer discard your hand."](https://slay-the-spire.fandom.com/wiki/Runic_Pyramid?oldid=1609)
i'm here checking this sub compulsively every day, though i can't give you a reason why my brain wants me to
Really important for Defect in particular cause it gives access to incredible scaling without a cost via [[Biased Cognition]]. Focus sources can be kept very skinny in the deck with this available, allowing you to fill out your deck with other things before it starts to get bloated.
[[Duality]]
With Mayhem, I'm guessing its order is mostly to keep its functionality consistent with Havoc. It's basically a power that plays [[Havoc]], more or less. Obviously you have to have a hand of cards to play Havoc from, and when you do so "the top of your draw pile" obviously does not include your hand naturally. In this sense, Mayhem works predictably, though it's true it isn't exactly in-line with most other "at the start of your turn" effects.
The port is also not directly handled by the devs like the Steam version, also a factor.
Maybe there was news in the other thread 10 hours ago about this ;)
Click "Abandon Run" every time you pull up that menu. That'll wean you off it in a hurry.
To be fair, its pretty likely you'd still be screwed without Runic Pyramid if Snecko drew a ton of 3s in a row
There's very few situations in which you want the all upgrades option, and "I'm going to Act 4" absolutely isn't one of them
I mean given that it's the type of dip that uses "sensitive" as a perjorative
Not super relevant to your point but it's worth noting that "at 0" some orbs still do things when Evoked (Lightning doesn't Evoke for 0 damage until you're at -5 Focus.) Dark Orbs also obviously store their damage so they're more resistant to the negative impact of -Focus.
That number isn't as sexy as I imagined it was going to be
They're referring to the game's difficulty scaling which is called "Ascension mode." It makes the game a lot harder than what you've already experienced. It has 20 levels and only increases when you win so it's very much a "long haul" thing like you are imagining. Most people are scorning you because you're being far to quick to judge the game based on one win. The player's maximum output in this game can be extremely high if you're smart and get very lucky, which can make runs trivial. But it's not going to be a majority of your runs at all, especially if you're playing Ascension.
The Bad Face possibilities are honestly terrible. I think it's always important to review what could happen during this event.
The summon thing is interesting but I seriously doubt it was utilized virtually ever in a majority of cases. How many players even knew to look there for summons instead of at whatever bonfire they were at? Ignoring the fact that it's tragically irrelevant in SotFS.
I'm not holding my breath but I would actually buy it unlike the shitty DSR port
at least it's not the 92684th "any news on mobile" repost
It doesn't matter how many people scream for a mobile update, if they don't have one there isn't going to be one. This is exactly why there's usually radio silence on the topic. It also won't stop people going "Any news on mobile?" in less than 24 hours, so I don't see the point of asking them anyway since nobody's paying any attention to it.
Link to this Pandora's Box thing? I've never heard of this before so I'm somewhat skeptical Being able to remove a ton of cards via an exploit definitely causes an undeniably huge balance disruption and is absolutely not a feature, so no need to strawman over it.
i genuinely didn't know that was a thing
I love this game but I want need way way more visual things like this to nerd out about. I really hope jazzing the game up a lot after it's in its design production twilight can be more of a focus
I'm a simple lass, I see StS text guides, I upvote
In this run, I obtained two Fission cards (one from an Act 1 hallway fight and one from A1 boss) and a Rainbow card early in Act 2, and managed to get all the cards forged at rest sites. **However** I did not find any scaling, leaving to a run full of """big""" turns like this. [This deck didn't win, unfortunately,](https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/342984960787087360/672094903240491008/EPcvy4jU0AA8KHW.jpg) because of the aforementioned lack of scaling and the boss was Awakened One and its Regen restored 230 HP over the fight, ow ow. Even without the high-delivery Exhaust cards, the deck still had decent cycling and the +4 Dexterity potions made it very tanky, but 23 turns was too many to block flawlessly while no-focus Channeling spam put out piteous numbers. [Run stat screen](https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/342984960787087360/672094912384204817/EPcwJY2UwAAlTgu.jpg) Sorry for the Twitter vid, I didn't have a good way to pull this video off the Switch!
Re: poles, couldn't it plausibly be an eclipse and not the moon's shadow?
There's some headaches to watch out for when using a controller, but I don't find it clunky at all. I pretty much only play on the Switch. With buttons, I personally like that I don't have to point a mouse at stuff. Consoles usually get patches substantially later. Each version also tends to have its own "bug" environment, IE I doubt some of the bugs I see on Switch are on PS4, and vice versa. One thing I don't like about using a controller is the game doesn't deselect things on the screen in between your turns, so you can get stuck with giant tooltips occluding things during the enemy's turn. That's pretty shitty, and I wish they'd address it.
Touching the screen can sometimes cause the button controls to quit working. Touching the screen again usually corrects it (but be careful of accidentally playing cards when you do it.) Haven't seen the other stuff, sounds weird? Do you have screens or anything of that?
If they threw in "icons of a resolution that don't suck" I might consider it. But $10 for Disc's AIM-grade icon resolution is snore
good guy discord is on your side, thus shoving ads in your face
gamepedia is total trash why is it even there
This is as close as you can get to a simple answer to this decidedly not at all simple question.
classic meme
a lot of people spent all their gold on multiple copies of this and played [[Nightmare]] on them
Ware thee the Spirit Poop flair
Which is basically one of the pros of the card. There are *many many* cards that are only good when you upgrade them, and few cards that are already good and don't improve when you upgrade them. That drastically changes its availability, since obviously you get far more unupgraded card picks than upgraded ones. It also leaves your resources open to make more impactful upgrades on other cards, which is not a bad thing.
It's kind of ironic that the follow-up to this idea is "Imagine that you have 4 energy," though, isn't it? The entire basis for the 2 cost complaint is that in a run with only 3 energy they are very expensive and difficult to play while still meeting the other needs of a given turn. They certainly weren't saying 2 costs are bad, but they're not the right solution for every problem. "Dispelling artifact" is probably the most painfully obvious one. It's also not the ideal solution for every situation, such as in Act 1 where you probably don't have 4 energy. It's not expressly stated, but the OP is fairly clearly a celebration of Thunderclap's performance in A1.
It's 0 cost and also requires an upgrade to hit every target. It also is far more difficult to acquire, whereas it's common for Thunderclap to appear in a run. What they do at the end of the day is similar, but I feel they're otherwise fairly dissimilar to eachother. The reward for Trip is higher, but it has a greater opportunity cost and also does not have many opportunities to even be acquired to begin with.
Given that the timer is 0:34, it's either Act 1 or they're Time Eater.
[you](https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/342984960787087360/672831156374208522/i-just-stepped-in-a-big-pile-of-sassy-snowden-8605895__01__01.png)
Not to be bleak, but my reaction to them saying there was an upcoming announcement was simply "Again?"
Host: Ugh I'm being invaded Invader: Oh my god, someone's there! I have to give them a gift because they're playing DS2, and then murder them!
the dream must never die
I think the most simple matter of these to address is 3 energy. For the most part, the amount of energy you have is arbitrary, relative to what the average cost of playing cards is. As you said, these games often have a way to scale available energy, StS included. But what this means relative to the cost of cards is where games tend to vary. StS is essentially designed around using 3 energy. A fast card is 0 cost, a basic card is 1, a heavier card costs 2, and an expensive card costs 3. There is a "soft" outlier for 4 cost cards that have a conditional requirement to alter their cost like [[Blood For Blood]], and true outliers like [[Omniscience]] and [[Meteor Strike]] which are truly 4 and 5 cost cards that require particular tactics to be able to play. But for the most part, the game revolves around 0-2 cost cards as its core base. This is also where effects that give just 1 energy become so powerful, because they substantially increase the amount of cards you can play when most cards cost 0-2 energy. This is in contrast to a game like Hearthstone where you slowly gain up to 10 energy, and there are many cards that cost up to 10 energy to play as well. The difference between the scale of numbers between StS and HS is a core design principle for any of these number-heavy "RPG" type combat games (for lack of a better way to express it.) Smaller numbers are easier for people to process, and many games go with as small scale of numbers as will reasonably fit (historically, Fire Emblem games also tend to be this way vs. other SRPGs that on average tend to use higher scale numbers.) But ultimately these numbers only mean as much as what they're worth in the context of everything else around them. If you were able to get 10 energy every turn in StS it would be truly excessive, whereas in HS it's a normal part of most matches and is also a normal part of your card cost budget. These are distinct design approaches.
I think this is the quintessential Snecko grievance post tbh
the blue potion draws the blue card
It'd also make it more attractive for decks that have things like [[Rebound]], [[Hologram]], and especially [[All for One]]
They indicated the Android version is not ready yet (not a surprise since it has a far more diverse array of devices to support.) It's in the announcement in the sticky.
technically not wrong
ngl I think it's tortured logic to say "It's [[Backflip]] but better," when it's literally "backflip except it has a conditional requirement" like yeah it has one (1) additional block but watcher doesn't have [[Footwork]]. silent doesn't care about that 1 block because it isn't what good about backflip, or virtually any silent block card for that matter i understand watcher on the whole is better than silent but sometimes people are just looking for ways to bash silent and this is definitely one of those times
Go big or go home. The next add to the game should remove Snake Plant
it's almost as if watcher block cards do more things because she does not have the same defensive scaling as silent
This would require changing when the game saves for picking paths. As much as I hate when I select the wrong path accidentally on controller, it would give the player too much power to pick a path, go "Oh fuck it's Snake Plant" then go back and pick a different path.
Newpipe doesn't seem right be able to deal with buffering for me. Video stops and starts multiple times a second. 0 problem on the official Youtube app.
using that art for "ironclad in bed" tickles me
and a defend
It can do the job in Act 1, but I never feel good about it being in my deck afterwards
I feel like people ask this a lot but they don't seem to ask, say, "Is it even possible to beat the heart on A20 with Ironclad without strength" The long and short of it is "yes, but why though"
she bears the brand
Dragon God claws up a castle in the original intro cinematic. I assumed it was alluding to that
"People" also aren't monoliths
Are you really going to suggest there's no stylistic nuance to what characterizes a demon in any given work of art
Seems like a no brainer to me given that assets do exist for it. Would you do a bunch of new shit from scratch or tap into unreleased content?
Thank fucking god modern hardware exists to enable the color blue
Ice Cream helps you retain energy that otherwise would get lost at the end of your turn or during the enemy's turn, such as exhausting [[Sentinel]] with effects like [[Fiend Fire]], or as Plasma orb being evoked due to the effect of [[Static Discharge]].
I'm guessing it's because sometimes your current path branches and it's impossible to tell which option the player believes is "their current path" I do feel like it handles this situation in an inconsistent fashion, though.
It used to be two Nobs. I'm actually not really sure why they ditched it
PC is the most well supported + has mods. But it is the least convenient version weighed against the others. It also is probably the only version that you can do beta testing new content on (definitely not possible in the current console versions.) I play on Switch. The controls seen really reasonable for the most part. It has its own bugs and very rarely gets patched, and there's a very real possibility that it will be waiting much longer for any future content updates the game receives than the native PC version. Touch controls on it do not really feel good and I can't imagine seeing some of the problems there not being addressed for the mobile version. Mobile is...well, mobile, but we don't know much about it. It has taken far longer to develop than the Switch version did, and Andeoid support has still yet to be formally announced, so it's possible it may also be behind / have lackluster support like the Switch version does. It may be that it's cheaper at release since $20 is quite steep for any mobile app. It's probably the most convenient version imaginable. Other than that, we just don't know what it will be like in practice as far as what its design / bug ecosystem will be like. PS4 and XBox versions exist but they're presumably like having the Switch version without portability. The mods and having the direct support of the devs (no port team middle men) is to the great credit of the PC version. But if you have desires for portability at all, the other options may be more ideal for you.
most people can remember the last time they were excited for a mobile launch. "never"
It's supposed to save when you enter a room, so things like savequitting at the end of a room should not impact it regardless of how it's timed. Though I don't know what explains why this happened otherwise.
Interesting, this works on Switch, too. Never knew
there's nothing to look for at this time unfortunately
I don't really see why encountering something multiple times makes it less of a bug
I really want to know what's in the works since the focus seems to have been on ports Like, c'mon MegaCrit, I'm out of PC content to fantasize about having on Switch for 8 months here
You're supposed to be able to just drag and drop a given card over an enemy. This is how it works on every other version, though I have heard not many things about touch controls on the PC version.
no
I think the main problem with them is that it starts to fall apart on Time Eater, and there's a high chance your will have to fight Time Eater. My most recent run had a lot of [[Calculated Gamble]] to the one where I actually took some Reflexes. Where it gets its power from is playing a lot of cards. But this doesn't work good on Time Eater. I doubt it works good in Act 4, and I've never even taken one there. It is possible for it to work on the Heart but really probably would need multiple [[Afterimages]], and you'd have to do something to speed up its damage output cause just Discard synergies isn't going to do it. To put it more simply, no, a "pure" discard deck will never work. It has to have poison in it somewhere. I don't know why people tend to single out poison as boring but don't single out strength as boring on Ironclad.
What you can do with specific seeds to make them productive is check out runs that Jorbs or some other high end player made and play alongside them. Usually you can see what seed their run is in the video. What you would want to do is play the seed yourself first essentially a floor at a time, then check the video and see what they did differently. You want to ask yourself why they made the decisions they did and weigh them against why you made the decisions you made. You probably can't solve every problem on your own this way, but it should help give you some insights. But ultimately dealing with random seeds is a long campaign of trial and error. Each run you want to not repeat your past mistakes. The less of them you retain the better you will get at the game. But this of course requires being able to identify your mistakes, and you may not be able to easily diagnose them without outside input. Most of us refined our game knowledge from someone who came before's expertise.
This great curse comes with a nice relic on the side
You normally have to unlock beta art by beating the Heart with a given character. I don't see a reason this would be changed or removed on mobile.
It messes with a lot of Silent cards too. Silent has good 2 cost cards but a large amount of 0 cost cards
imo, act 2 boss theme. i appreciate that it has subtle similar progression to the title screen i like the act 3 boss theme more personally cause i love tense boss music, but it's not quite as impressive
250 gold is genuinely pretty good, but analyzing win rate for asc 0 picks is fairly meaningless. In theory all options would be near 100%.
I think with these sorts of things it's important to not just make conclusions from the data but to also factor in the realities of what these options are actually doing for you. For instance, 250 gold performs highly in both this thread and the other one. The reason I think this is is that 250 gold is one of the least random but impactful options there are. It allows you to buy more things at the shop, and the shop has a large sample size of things to spend your gold on. Even if in theory every card isn't that good, the relica isn't that good, the potions aren't that good (collectively extremely unlikely,) card removal will always be there to fall back on, which almost never isn't valuable (though on a very early first shop it may be a concern to choose a card to remove when you haven't added anything good to the deck yet, as it can sometimes be risky to mess with your Strike/Defend ratio before the deck has been developed at all.) I think this last point segues into what is problematic about transform card. You need to transform a Strike or Defend. Since it's Floor 0, you probably need all of your exclusive starter cards to get you through the first floors without issue. Because it's Act 1, you need your early floor Strikes to have enough damage to securely get through a lot of the floor, and transforming a Strike into non-Attack, especially one that is too slow for Act 1 or did something that isn't very helpful in Act 1, would be dangerous, especially for some characters like Silent that can have extremely rough Act 1s. But removing a Defend and not getting a block card or something that mitigates damage somehow can also result in taking damage you wouldn't have otherwise somewhere. There's of course a powerful reward when you do something like transform a Strike and get an excellent Act 1 attack like [[Immolate]] or [[Glass Knife]], but there is substantial risk associated with the chance of getting a good outcome like this. I think the comments remarking on the way players can selectively mitigate the risk of these choices as far as what is transmitted to SpireLogs are quite sound. You do not know the source of this data, other than it came from SpireLogs. I also personally feel that it's a bit of a stretch to extrapolate a Neow pick to a correlated victory. While it's true that there's less external influences on what you pick for Neow's, there's still an incredible amount of things that happen between there and the final boss, and you can get an extremely powerful bonus off Neow and still go on to lose the run for a great number of reasons. Again, my point is that you should always scrutinize this sort of data and think critically about it before deciding it is telling you something, especially when what it is telling you is different than what your understanding of it is. This can go the other way of course, but mostly my concern is that less experienced players (as you yourself confessed to be) may look at this data and get the wrong idea about certain options, or see correlation between two things that can be quite tenebrous in reality. Data can be a useful tool, but it needs to have a consistent method to it to be reliably useful. In this case, I probably wouldn't use it for much other than a basis to give attention / critical thought to what is strong and weak about options and what their risk / reward looks like in context. Like "get a common relic" is not a super high chance to be seismic, but it will never bite back like Transform can. These are basic facts that you don't need data to tell you. (Also, this post contained a lot of a mobile typos and I don't know if I got them all.)
This is known to happen since Watcher patch. Any source of curses can give Curse of the Bell. I don't think the devs have indicated whether or not it's a bug and it's been present so long that people have started suggesting it's not a bug
when are we not posting poison numbers tho
It's also an Attack on top of that which is what you want in Act 1, and what neither of the other options are.
With Silent, it is very real for it to sometimes be "see no poison cards in act 1. die next act"
The save issues are fairly rare at this point. Currently, if you save quit too frequently it will still crash. This is the only time I ever see the game crash, though it's fairly easy to reproduce. This is only a minor inconvenience since you're at the title screen when it crashes anyway. There's some other problems with touch controls but they're by design, and some minor bugs. The game has some performance trouble when certain enemies are spawned, such as Gremlin Leader spawning adds. These things are generally unobtrusive. I would recommend it, it's not really very different from PC version at this point. The only thing that kinda sucks about it is it's patched very rarely and I would really like to see bugfixes for it.
It's under 45 minutes, and worth only 50 points.
It's Neow. You only see her in profile at the start of a run, zo it's easy to mistake 6 eyes for 3. Neow's voice files from starting the run also play during that sequence
What's good about Poison is that it lets you play defensive while it keeps doing damage hands-free. Consider the most basic poison card, [[Deadly Poison]]. It puts 5 poison on a target. Let's say you play it on turn 1. By turn 5, it will have done 15 damage. But now let's say you play another Deadly Poison on turn 2. The end result of this does is more than 15+15, because your poison stack from turn 1 was mostly retained. A normal attack that deals 15 damage played on turn 1 and 2 will be 30 damage by turn 5. For the aforementioned poison scenario, it will be 35 damage by turn 5, and still have 6 stacks left, which is an additional 21 damage after 6 more turns *assuming you don't add any more poison.* That's somewhat of an obtuse explanation, but the point is it's powerful and it's only the most basic card. Adding an effect like [[Noxious Fumes]] causes your poison damage to scale up instead of decay, addressing one of its only core drawbacks. This makes it stronger, faster. As others have mentioned, other cards like [[Catalyst]] let you deal more powerful burst damage and [[Corpse Explosion]] lets you deal with multiple targets better. [[Crippling Cloud]] helps clear multi target while mitigating damage or stripping Artifact. Relics like [[Snecko Skull]] work really good with repeatable poison sources like [[Envenom]] and [[Bouncing Flask]], and [[The Specimen]] helps reduce the need for other multi-target solutions. The main problems with Poison is it can be a little slow, can have limited scaling potential if you have insufficient sources of poison, and is impeded by Artifact. Additionally, poison setups can hit snags on fights like The Champ, Awakened One, and Time Eater that cleanse debuffs. However, generally the cards and relics are robust enough that there are solutions to all these problems, but you must ask yourself what the problems are and what things solve those problems in order to troubleshoot it.
consume the innocent Shape
I'm pretty sure they've opined that they generally don't consider doing this because adding more cards decreases the frequency you'll get any given card / ultimately will make building decks more inconsistent. I'm guessing a few wouldn't kill but more than a few could start to cause problems, and really it's probably hard to add new ideas to a character in just a few cards vs. adding a new "archetype" which presumably has a bigger bloat footprint That being said, I believe this was stated closer to the game's release so you never know.
It's always weak on Time Eater but as others have pointed out, a good amount of Shiv synergies are missing. [[Envenom]] is made for spammy decks like Shiv. The deck even has Noxious Fumes, which would have made this substantially more powerful.
it doesn't even have Cloak and Dagger
They're saying you're making it into something it's not, which everyone else reading this thread can back up. It is empathically not possible for Nemesis to do the single big hit twice in a row. Dealing with a 45 damage attack can be tough for decks that aren't sufficiently prepared for it, but it's not hard because it's done back to back. The advisory you're being given is still good as gold regardless and your performance should improve if you weigh it when setting your deck up. No need to battle over who has Nemesis' attack patterns wrong.
The flaws these elites punish aren't equal IMO. Advanced Burn junking makes having deck cycling / pruning more important. Obtaining enough draw or exhaust/discard is a simpler matter than becoming fast enough to deal with Reptomancer, which is involves a larger number of less tangible build elements like ensuring your Turn 1 is good enough.
No Fanart Allowed
entropic price model
It's pretty damn important to upgrade True Grit if you're going to take it.
It looks to me like it's just instructing you about how the game saves, where previously it didn't. You could never "save when you want." The game sets you up to think so with its "Save &amp; Quit" language, but the game saves at fixed intervals (most commonly upon entering a new room,) then when it shows you "Save &amp; Quit" what it really is is "Just Quit." The user has never been able to truly save whenever they want. What exactly were you doing when this screen popped up?
Heart is difficult to grapple with and harms your success chance due to pressuring you to pass on a relic, an upgrade or rest, and to stray from ideal pathing in order to get keys. These can make a difference on close scrapes on Asc climbing. If you want to try the Heart, it'd probably be better to try to do it at lower Asc. It is very difficult to deal with the Heart at high Ascs, so I would not recommend going out of way for it when you're struggling with the climb as it can seriously hamper your progress. Card/Relic unlocks can be varying degrees of a big deal depending on the character, but none of them are required to become uber.
i don't know why the pun for this video surprised me
it's so sexy i want it even when i don't presently have an X card
