I'll vote remian in a second referendum if the Guardian promises to close it self down and cease to exist.
I work with a large group of poles and Romanians, funny you should mention these two groups specifically. They don't like that they are singled out when talking about brexit, but Czechs, Slovakians, etc get a free ride. It gets brought up in convo on a weekly basis. They know I voted brexit...and why, we just get on with it, nothing personal.
England has always been great, it's the broke places like Scotland that are the issue. Should have never bailed them out.
Why do tools like you keep posting that quote out of context? He was being interviewed about remain breaking spending rules, and if it was close it was unfinished busines. Yet that quote gets used out of context by remainers time and time again.
Everyone in Scotland is white Scottish, you can't have racial crime when nearly everyone is white.
And if England doesn't get a trade deal,Scotland would be 10x more fucked than England...since even it's trade.with the EU generally goes through England.to the EU.
Lol, all you've done is taken a quote from a paper...read the full interview it's taken from your mong.
What ports?
That's not the interview,that's snippets from it used to create headlines.
Touche
Everyone hates him because he's overhyped, he can't even get in the dortmund team anymore.
England has the tunnel, Scotland doesn't.
Nobody apart from people in their 80s have that
Because it's easier?
We won in 1812
The funny thing is...we watch American movies and everyone has great teeth...apart from Steve Buscemi...then we see American news, day to day people, city dwellers, rednecks, whatever...and everyone has terrible teeth. Nearly always have teeth missing.
Not really true...and while it is called a licence...it should probably be renamed the BBC Fee, since that's all it is
Because they are not the same.
Ww2, same place bad food.came.from.according to Americans,we were rationing at the time.
Don't make us whoop you again like 1812
Better than Australians too according to the OECD
Which man made famine took place in India?
We didn't cause the Bengal.famine though did we? I suggest you read up. Tell me.how many tonnes of food we stopped India getting,then we will work put how many people died because of the UK. Because at last check...even if we had got them food...it wouldn't have been enough to see out the famine....a famine not caused by the UK,but by the Japanese.in Burma and had weather.
Yet the Americans.never even see the irony, I mean look what Snowdon exposed...swept under the carpet.
Not a direct result at all,the direct result was because.of.japan invading Burma.
Well everyone since that's his real name
It's not, it's in the British Isles
From a guy that lives under the eyes of NSA.
Too unimportant to think about.
Fries are not chips
Our format goes from smallest to largest,American format is just a mess.
We have better dental care than Americans...yet it's only Americans that bring it up
Have a cold larger?
Lie.
Not really he's fucking shit, liability in defence...ok going forward.
Brexit won't happen
Brexit doesn't happen. Spain continue to ignore the will of Catalonia. France gets a 15th 1 time budget and pays no fines....because it's France. Italy continues to grumble. Junker.continues to be a drunk
Hardly matters when the smoggies (Germany) are up to their old tricks just over the water.
Sherwood went on to become a premier league winner...zidane didn't.
semi pro and they play on that shit-fest of a pitch?
the usa hates democracy?
Scotland flag over England needed. The English dont even get their own parliament. Didnt scotland vote to remain.
The United Kingdom is Scotland having far to much say for a place with half the population of London. If they weren't a nation of wet, spinless folks who haven't achieved anything in 200 years then they would have left when they had the chance...but they chose to cling to the coat tails of England.
what?
nobody wants to have to listen to liverpool fans go on about how they are great. I still have to listen to my Liverpool-fan friends say "spirit of Istanbul" about 6 times a year, 15 years later. most annoying fans on the planet. I'm not even watching the game with them, they are insufferable, rather watch it at home alone.
how many times would a sovereign nation be over-ruled?
But that's the point, my man utd friends, even after the treble season, didn't. Even after winning year on year didn't. My Leicester, villa, Northampton Town friends dont....but the Liverpool lot....fuck me. Never shut up. "spirit of istanbul" "it's our year" ......"next year is our year"
&gt; I work in Manchester and this is 100% and categorically not true. I dont live in Manchester, I love in the midlands. &gt; You're clearly another one of these idiots who's bought into the whole 'Liverpool fans are insufferable' shtick. I lived with one for 4 years, best mates since 12, etc...i know they are insufferable.
im not talking about the fan base in general, im talking about the fans i know...but i live in the midlands, not liverpool or manchester.
&gt; to belong in a community that you could benefit from? According to the MAC report, being part of the EU is good for the rich, and bad for the poorest. The poorest would be earning around 5 to 15% more, had EU mass immigration not occurred to the UK.
&gt; remained sovereign throughout our membership to the EU. Yes, remain sovereign because we can leave when we like. We have the sovereignty to step out and leave whenever we want. Inside the EU we dont even control our borders, so explain how that is sovereign?
&gt; Neither does the U.K. ours are open to the whole eu.
&gt; Well, suit your fucking selves then. we are. like 180 other nations around the world.
we are not sovereign because we import avacado
? Germany alone has more US airbases than any nation on earth outside the USA.
when did they boss us about? must have missed that all i hear is the taoiseach saying what he hopes the eu will do....then crying about trade since most goes through the uk. wants the best of both worlds
you mean people wanted it 50 years ago?
not the club, i like Klopp, i like the football Liverpool play, it's the fans. Worst in the country by far, massive chip on their shoulders.
&gt; I'm sure it would mean a lot to the men who died that there are people today driving with oversized plastic flowers on their car to remember them Just like those who died care about a minute silence. And yet people do that all over the world. &gt; Well worth trudging across No Mans land to get there heads blown off by a German machine gun. We could have just done what Ireland did and brown-nose Hitler, then mourn his death. I mean Im sure it meant a lot to him when you signed his book of condolence.
30 years seems fair.
As a brexiteer, hearing scumbag John Bolton say that is enough to make me want to stay and go full federal.
Was it low quality when Liverpool beat Barca 4-0?
Celtic brexit Europe early every year.
If your team were not waste men they may have made it
Link please
50 years ago? They'll all be dead mate
Nobody gives a shit. We have far more polarizing characters in London, the racist Ghandi for starters.
But whooped you in 1812. And we didnt need to get France to save us.
A country the size of Oregon was hardly going to be world power for long.
So why did he purposely allow Muslims to starve during ww2, refusing to send food to them?
https://fullfact.org/europe/uk-one-biggest-contributors-eu-budget/ Per capita maybe you are, but overall the UK was 3rd between 2014 and 2017...with a rebate.
&gt; Has anyone even seen U571? Semi watched it one night while also working on my laptop. &gt; but that's movies aimed at the huge american market Don't deny that....but like I said, if a movie was made for the British market....with the British winning the battle of mid-way, how would Americans feel?
USA does maybe, if you can find a British movie whitewashing out another nation, i'll agree with you, but I can't think of one.
Which country does it whitewash from it? Historical detail, which obviously does get messed with, is a little different to literally changing the entire story to suit an audience in another country,
Britain had it really easy when the USSR were allied with Germany and the USA were "neutral".
Funny how you weren't saying the same thing in the Birmingham parents row threads.
Because her party won the EU elections.
The promise is brexit, a hard one if needs be. It's happening in a few months by law, like it or not.
Old angry people? People 40 upwards voted for it...most of them were born in the 60s and 70s...long after 'empire', as remainers try to claim people long for.
Stormy island? Lol. When do we have storms? The USA gets more storms, hurricanes etc in one week than we get in 30 years.....and they still required the French to save their arses. And then begged us to stop in 1812 as we emerged victorious. I mean what sort of country starts a war, has home advantage, a larger army...yet loses to the British reserve army....getting chased out of Canada, have the white house burned down, lose more more men...and still try and claim it's a 'tie'? When Oregon, a country the size of England, achieves 1/100th of what England has...let me know. You can tell me in English...usingnthebEnglish invented world wide web.
Hasn't been called Barclays for nearly 3 years. It's interesting that Spain has only managed to find 2 teams to win it..compared with England's 5.
Trump's half-British anyway, his mum was British.
doing better than Germany and France.
and who's is performing best this year?
and yet England has 5 winners....two of which are not even in the Premier League now....and Spain still only have 2...not 3 or 4.
So now you're making up excuses for why Germany...and France are set to grow less than Brexit Britain.
....2019 forecast for G7 has the UK at 1.2, Japan at 1.0 and Germany at 0.8. That's not bottom is it. Germany is bottom.
brexit britain close to leaving....still outstrips Germany
So now you want to look back through years...rather than looking at most recent data. Hilarious.
From a guy who consistently fails to get elected?
She's a cunt
Where does it say a knife was used?
What are you talking about? It was called football first, the word soccer came about 30 years after the Football League was invented, and it was never called soccer, soccer was only ever a nickname, a slang term. Considering most teams were created during this time, how come none are known as 'soccer club' if it was ever a real term? Its like the nickname gridiron, it's not the real name for NFL...only ever a nickname. Hilarious considering half the MLS teams are called x Football Club. What sort of nation creates a sport and calls it after a sport that had already existed 80 years? Then thinks 'we'll just call the original football by its nickname'. Might start a new sport today...call it Basketball.
At the time, 'Americans' made the same argument about independence...and war. "If we leave the British we will be poorer" etc
Everyone can have their own opinions, the manifesto, however, and the party leader, is clear.
I dont care for power, that's the remainers with EU empire ambitions that want power.
Welsh Labour is part of the Labour Party, they are under the Labour umbrella. &gt; Any idea, or are you just making assumptions based on the opinions of the leader of the national labour party? No i'm making assumptions based on the manifesto they ran on.
Exactly, everyone eligible to vote then is dead...or over 64 years old.
&gt; Just like Farage was demanding that we have a second referendum if the first didn't go in his favour? Lol, another remain lie that gets spread all the time. During an interview with the Mirror, while talking about remain breaking spending rules, he said, if remain were breaking spending rules (spending £9 million on leaflets etc), and it finished 52-48 it would be unfinished business. Remain did spend far more than leave...yet still lost. But please, keep taking that bullshit quote out of context.
Why do you think brexiteers give a shit about whiny Scotland?
Not that much, and with a world moving green how long will that last
well im a brexiteer, and I want English independence from Scotland. When do we get a referendum on leaving Scotland? When do we get an English parliament?
As a Newcastle fan...who goes to a few games per season....most of us think he shit, fast, but can't defend. And would be one of the first players we would replace. If he could cross I would try and move him into a winger rather than right back.
My boy Rondon spanking the yanks. Good job son.
and yet both have shit economies, trapped by Germany.
Hope Tormund's warm enough.
Growing from pathetic isn't difficult.
lol...are you saying a car being destroyed or a scarf being burned is worse than someone's life being altered? Literally, everything you listed combined isn't worse than punching someone and destroying their life.
Best female players* They would still lose to a decent u-17s boys team.
And yet the Spanish economy is so shit they've never made a payment into the EU.
so the statement isn't incorrect is it? more money from other nations inside the eu gets spent on spain than they pay into the eu, they are a receiver, not a giver.
Not really the same is it. Motorcycles have an engine, cycles are human powered. If women want to join the men on the tour de france im more than happy to have them. But lets not pretend this is some quality football, it's generally around 15 year old boys level. I haven't played in about 10 years properly, yet i would bet every single penny i had, that i could get 11 of my old teammates/friends together (admittedly some still play) and we would beat any women's team.
I wouldnt say super good, I never turned professional, never even went semi-pro. &gt; These girls are fighting to be the best soccer players on the planet. Really? No needs for these comparisons...but the USA women are comparing themselves to USA men and talking about equal pay.
They should be paid in accordance to what money they generate and their skill level. The women already get paid equal to men at wimbledon, despite playing less sets and being far inferior tennis. I mean the Williams sisters played the 203 men's seed, and lost 6-1 and 6-0. This was against an Aussie guy with an injury from a bar brawl...and both still lost. They should be paid to the standard, not equal pay.
Did Germany celebrate their 7th goal against Brazil in a world cup semi final?
What city in Italy has more on offer than London.
Germany 7th was pretty good against Brazil in the world cup semi final.. didn't celebrate.
Lucky I'm not a trump supporter then.
Nobody deserves it more than England. Spain had it in 82. England, inventors of the sport, biggest league on the planet, not had it in 53 years and counting.
How.do you know she wasn't going.to pull a weapon?
Yes because I'm sure he had a chance to assess all that in the 3 seconds he had with her walking towards her. Security can't even assess a guy with a milkshake and stop it being thrown over someone...but this guy sat down with a criminal breaking into the room he is in can assess all that.
And you could have known what was inside her handbag, how?
Over here? I'm from the west Midlands. Trespassing is a civil offence and considered a crime.
If they broke into my house yes.
So a great disguise then?
I'm English born and raised
I don't see what past actions have to do with current ones.
Hindsight is great isn't it. If only we had it.before the Manchester bomber, the jo cox killer. Thankfully you have it. Others don't.
Silly question. How.many people had the Manchester bomber harmed before blowing up kids?
What's peaceful about ruining a dinner and trespassing?
52,000 sheep will still be there with their new shirts in August. Fucking idiots.
And yet still do 52,000 week in week out. Even in the championship they had the biggest attendance in England one weekend when Man United, Arsenal etc were playing away.
Won't happen over night, happening slightly in places, will continue to do so.
And will be 10% by 2035...16 years.
Does it show Muslims as the fastest growing demographic?
4% in 2011. Full Fact with Channel 4, who are hardly right wing, put it at over 10% by 2035.
Random, no, low estimate as it was channel 4 trying to argue that it wouldn't be as high as the 'right" were claiming...closer to 15%. It takes current trends and contiues those trends...unless you're expecting 100,000 of Muslims to start giving up on the religion soon I don't see what you're getting at when we are talking about nearly 10 million people here.
Yes, because otherwise they wouldn't sell. Worked in the building game for a few years, your profit is what you can sell a new build for after costs, you can't continually increase the overall price of the house or.nobody will buy.
How? If you price out buyers then you can't sell. People can't get mortgages. The 5 biggest house builders in the UK made a profit of around 57k on each and every new build house last year, their margins are healthy.
Brazilian guy hanging around in high-end circles, filled with hotties, shocker.
How are your country doing?
If your 3rd world country were still in it you would be out buying a woman's football top, name and everything.
Where as nobody knows about your media because they are as irrelevant as your country.
Don't need to insult Ireland, everybody knows they've never achieved anything.
Just like I could guess you were a bitter Irishman from a mile off. Let me guess...all your problems are caused by big bad England.
Like the fact you're a no mark country that has never done anything, in sports or otherwise.
The USA were founding members of the OECD.
Joshua was always an over-hyped robot. Been saying for 4 years Fury will box him all over the place, but my friends laughed at me for it. Joshua does nothing better than Fury, nothing. You could argue he has more power, but he has hardly ever knocked anyone out with a single punch, always barraged to the floor.
Why are Arsenal so tight?
Why do you assume they won't?
Too fat, too old, too English was what was being said a year ago...
And funded, illegally, by the Spanish government.
Where did I lie?
I suppose the 12000 EU jobs that Ford has said it will cut today is because of brexit too.
But at least it won't really cost you financially as you have a salary cap anyway. American sports don't believe in capitalism.
No, his brother is called Matthew and also plays for Newcastle. His dad, David, played Ice hockey for Great Britain over 100 times. It's a common surname in Newcastle/Northumberland.
I did just edit the post, Longstaff is a common name, one of the more common in the area. 49% of all Longstaffs in the world live in Northumberland...and their are a lot of them, ancestory.com says 2000.
Didn't hurt Steve Buscemi
Any forest fans got the low down on what happened, how it went? Always liked O'Neill.
Pretty sure RM won a few CL titles recently. You sound like a Notts forest fan, hanging on to past glories.
No I'm presenting that fact because it's a fact.
&gt; How is it not connected, You try walking here.
What did the UK stop on their own? What is it the EU will now do with the UK gone that they couldnt do before? The EU cant even harmonise tax, yet blame the UK for lack of integration....the last time I checked we never stopped anything alone, we were just focused on as we were the largest nation to do so.
We benefited less than most EU countries, that's a fact. Germany put the most in, but they benefit most, followed by Denmark. Thanks to the German export market etc. The UK benefits least, we put 2nd or 3rd most in, but get less back in benefits. http://facts4eu.org/main_images/single_market_who_does_best_140718.jpg
Last time I checked there was more than just a services sector.
Facts in an article by a biased and known bullshit paper who cant even keep themselves afloat?
Any neutral sources?
Yes because voting for brexit is the same as a bullet through my face. Sounding pretty desperate.
Lol. Yeah because being the most densely packed nation (England) in Europe already and increasing by another 15 million over the next 25 years according to the EU themselves doesnt sound like a great idea to me. Racist.
All you've done is provide sources from places that are openly biased.
What about the irish....I mean the irish have literally invented nothing in 40 years that's used in everyday life, nothing. If every irish invention was wiped off the planet today...no one would even notice.
Go on then....start naming stuff.
Lol...which of those was in the past 40 years? Oppressed in the past 40 years? By whom? Shall we list British inventions to compare...last 40 years only...you know, long after we stopped enslaving countries...
I'm not the Irishman coming into every british related thread shouting about how the "British are bad".
...but then it was a trade union.
40 years because it's within the lifetime of most on here. Can go down to 30 if you want? 20? 50? Independence, 400 years, whatever...its not like they've ever done much.
A few....one of which was by a guy from NI who identified as British and was in the british army.
Our own countries are England, Wales and Scotland.
Hes from the USA, when did they request three extensions?
&gt; Oh, then I guess the fact that he has renounced his US citizenship, is solely a UK citizen, has spent virtually his entire life in the UK, and is the fucking UK prime minister is totally irrelevant. Born in the USA, US citizen for 50 years.
after 50 years.
But but but I was told 10,000 times on this sub we would have to accept chlorinated chicken.
I understand it, it was fear mongering, with no factual basis, nothing more.
I'll just stick to my EU horse meat....that's packaged as an entirely different animal.
I know exactly what I'm talking about. You've just said that it's not the chlorine, its how the animals are treated...yet it's ok to stick horsemeat in food and claim it's something else entirely.
https://notjustanotherhouse.com/canonteign-manor/ On the market for $5.22 million dollars.
Max Planck isn't a university. They are research institutions.
If they use the web, they likely use English
Yes...but I'm pretty sure that also use English websites too. So they feed their brain with the language daily. When will I feed my brain with German, Polish or Italian?
&gt; Almost noone uses english here unless they Are on social media or they need it for work so everyday, like you on reddit? according to your post history...as far as I went back....you spoke English almost every day on here....when am I going to speak German, Italian, Spanish every day? ...like you have been English? funny, when I was in the czech republic, staying with a czech girl....all the younger folks spoke English and there were English signs everywhere.
It's not using it, but its hearing it every day. How often do we hear French or Spanish spoken?
There isn't any....I mean only like 3 out of 27 EU nations even meet the 2% NATO target.
Strange that you round 51.8% down rather than up.
When did 'England' brown nose the nazis? You posted a photo from 1933....are you saying the royal family should be psychic?
1 goal was against rochdale
So it was shit inside the EU...so what difference does it make?
As will EU exports and EU fishermen.
Has the netherlands lost 22,000 farmers in the past 20 years to make way for housing mass immigration?
You rest your case that the UK was shit in the EU....so should stay and continue bring shit?
You said: Firstly the conservatives were in charge during the recession,
Well you are wrong. UK came out of the recession in 2009, last quarter.
6.7%urban areas. 30 odd percent is park land that cant be built on, 6.7% doesnt include farm land. Why are you lying? The UK has seen the biggest fall of any modernised nation in food security over the last 10 years, ANY MODERNISED NATION! Our food imports go up year on year, while our population continues to grow. But you seem to be living in your own world where we can feed ourselves...despite not being able to as the facts and food security shows. "The UK is not self-sufficient in food production; it imports 48% of the total food consumed and the proportion is rising" ......seems like a good idea to keep increasing population and building houses on farm land. What could possibly go wrong?
Couple of interviews?
They got a vote in 2014. Like we got one in 2016. Only losers call for more votes on the same subject.
&gt; Not building high is a trade-off to your problem with not enough farmland. They can both be summarized as inefficient use of land but how does that help now? the land is in use now, it's too late. with Eurostat expecting the UKs population to grow by another 15 million over the next 20 to 25 years, yes building higher needs to be done...but we are at 48% imports on food already...its not going to ever go back down as we will never see urban areas demolished for farmland, ever.
well it kind of was. I mean, remain got to spend as much money as it wanted, but because they made up the rules it didnt count. The £9 million on remain leaflets, for instance, didnt count as spending.
When did I say it did? Go on then...what's your explanation for the uk tumbling down the rankings after losing 22000 farmers to housing.
So no explanation?
So no explanation?
Spain would veto it, as Catalonia would do the same. Scotland does more trade with England than the whole EU combined. Doesnt make much sense for the scottish economy.
Recent political success? They've got less seats than 2014 when they last had a referendum.
There was literally a thread on here less than 24 hours ago which show a new british injection that lowers cholesterol.
Lol....labour have said that for 40 years. Still waiting....tories must be terrible at disposal.antling it...they've been in power most that time
No, that's what the other party claimed...they've claimed that for the past 40 years....still never happened. It's become like the boy who cried wolf now.
We do realise it, it's on every single pay slip "National Insurance"
So its due to a decrease in the £...despite the £ being higher than it was in 2017 or 2018?
The elites who chose union were Scottish...did the English plebs get a say on it? If the Scots hadn't been failing to colonise south america and going broke it wouldn't have happened.
..and yet according to the EU's very own reports....the UK is one of the least racist or xenophobic nations inside the EU.
But moving from Brussels to Strasbourg once a month is well worth it....amirite?
The point is people are claiming its a waste of money and meaningless. And yet the same people will defend moving everything to Strasbourg once a month just to massage the ego of the French.
...yet the EU still do it.
&gt; which is truly unelected (unlike the EU parliament). Show me where Von Der Leyen was on the ballot.
Ireland left the UK, undermining their own economy, do you see the Irish moaning about it today?
It took island about 60 years, and a number of bankruptcies, then becoming a tax haven to become a fully functioning member of the EU....its still only paid into the EU coffers on 3 years, the rest of time it has been a net reciever.
&gt; Scotland can either stay with the UK or with the EU but not both. They would rather go with the latter. Would they? Last polls show independence at 45%. Where are you getting your stats? &gt; That is also why they chose to stay with the UK last time And yet only 15% of Scots claimed EU membership was why they voted to remain in the UK last time, it came 7th on their reasons for staying. So again, why lie?
Posting a profit 3 out of 47 years is impressive?
Was it worth it or not?
I'm not making cheap jibes...I'm disgusted that the far left would rather cover it up or gloss over it in the name of multiculturalism. You'll pretend you are not ok with it...then moan when a newspaper or outlet mentions they are, surprise surprise, muslim gangs.
5.5% of all NHS staff are from the EU.
The question you asked, well...statement...was a lie. You claimed us voting leave scared them all away...yet only 5.5% of staff are from the EU, and less than 10% have left or claim they will be leaving. So....simple question...why the fear mongering? Xenophobia and close-minded...like over 170 other nations on earth not inside the EU.
It doesnt....the same as celebrating an anniversary makes any difference, yet people do it.
Do they?
Will they claim its beef but really be horse, the EU way?
Hold on....Jaguar have been opening and moving to Slovakia since long before we even had a Brexit vote. That has fuck all to do with Brexit so to claim it does is an absolute lie. The Slovakia plant opened in 2017 (started building in 2015), after almost 5 years of discussion. Source....the internet, and my uncle is very very high up at Jaguar, has been out at the Slovakia, Poland factories....and before that, spent years working at the one in Brazil (not on the factory floor, he's management). So, can we lay off the lies? The Slovakia plant has been in the works for at least 3 years before a brexit vote was even on the cards.
They have been begging and trying to force Merkle into a trade deal for 2 years mate.
Hold on...are you claiming nationalism and homophobia are connected?
Being told he cant have an opinion because of his skin colour is racist, is it not?
And black people never experience being called privileged and white, neither of which he chose, so what do they know about white racism and prejudice.
Nurses are not low skilled, have a word. Why do we need thousands of non-skilled warehouse workers when the jobs can be filled by non-skilled workers here? All it does is push wages down.
I thought 0 hour contracts made up like 3% of workers?
When did I say I support the tories? Mass immigration has saturated the non skilled sector, forcing down wages for the poorest. Tesco warehouse workers make less per hour today than they did in 2005 (new starters).
...china, they have over 2 million personnel. https://www.google.com/amp/s/www.worldatlas.com/amp/articles/29-largest-armies-in-the-world.html
The thread title literally states that.
With all the libraries closing while inside the EU..why have you not been on here blaming the EU for it?
&gt; Rise in multiculturalism Not necessarily a good thing. &gt; Needed to fill the skills gap which most definitely exists-I don’t really want someone who got 4 Ds at A levels to be training to be a doctor Yeah because that happens. &gt; Statistically immigrants put in more into the economy than they get back and they pay more tax than non immigrants. Because the stats are skewed, generally oap's dont emmigrate, where as oap's are kept in the stats when using UK born folk.
The price of a Freddo has increased 20p in the past 14 years...while inside the EU....why were you not complaining then?
Well, were you?
So you are xenophobic towards americans and that's why you wont buy Cadburys?
But the EU still wants to fish British waters....
So that's it? Cleaning?
could you learn the majority in 8 hours? yep. I ran the floor when i was 22 at a restaurant for about 6 months before going off to other stuff. not a massive restaurant but would do 110 covers on a saturday.
If its just a trade bloc, why are remainers so annoyed? Why does it have its own flag?
That's not a flag. Its 3 flags merged.
Doesnt matter. 50 years.
So you're saying the EU shouldn't have to stick to agreements it signed up to?
We got ourselves into this mess by continuously passing powers to Brussels without asking the people. Even Ireland had a referendum on the Lisbon treaty.....brown and blair on the other hand did whatever they wanted.
&gt; 1 killer of Vegans and Vegetarians is heart disease. But still lower rate than meat eaters.
....because it decimated towns and villages around the entire coast. Which in turn has an affect on tourism, and local communities, not just the fishing industry? EU fan boys...."leaving the EU will cost people their jobs" Also EU fan boys "who cares if being in the EU cost people their jobs"
When did I vote to ruin it?
And how would voting for Brexit ruin their already ruined industry. In the past 30 years my local fishing village has gone from 25 boats down to 5. But "muh EU good" amirite?
A tiny amount of fishing jobs....lots more in the villages that were once fishing villages.
Like when the government tried to ban shark finning but the EU wouldn't let us?
Er yes I do. https://www.google.com/amp/s/unearthed.greenpeace.org/2019/07/29/shark-fin-soup-uk/amp/
&gt; the party of fox hunting Who despite being in power 10 years haven't repelled it?
For fame I would put Shaq ahead. I'm from England, can only name 8 basketball players, ever,...MJ and Shaq appear to be far the most famous, at least outside of basketball circles. Probably different from country to country and inside and outside of basketball. MJ, Shaq.......big gap, Lebron, Kobe, Rodman......big gap....the rest.
Well that's bullshit. 30% are national parks, the rest is built on or farmland. We have 20,000 less farmers than 20 years ago, mainly because housing is built on farmland on the edge of towns and cities. Farmers sell their land and move on. We are tumbling down the food security rankings faster than any other western nation, with out food imports going up year on year...so where do you suggest we build these houses...on more farm land...or national parks? When does it end?
....the pedo ring he was allegedly involved with....is an American one.
A lot.....so no figures. Just making stuff up? Food production is going down year on year...check the food security rankings...in which we are tumbling.
Pedophile? The girl was 17...in the UK that's old enough to get married, old enough to have sex, old.enough to join the armed forces, old enough to buy a house, old enough to drive, old enough to fly a plane, old enough to be questioned by police without anyone else present....you are no longer considered a minor. Last time I checked a pedo was someone that diddled kids.
So build on the brownfield sites...bigger population....which means even if our food production doesnt go.down...our imports continue to go up. Sounds like a sustainable plan.
And how is it our problem if they dont live here? If they break a leg in another country, we in the UK dont worry about fixing it do we?
Europe: We want freedom from the USA. Also Europe: lets invite more troops here and use their iPhones which if course wouldn't spy on us.
Hes claiming my name is taken from a children's book. But he is of course wrong, he is talking about 'Aslan' in the Narnia book series, where as mine is Azlan. Notice they are not the same? Maybe if he read the books he would know the difference in spelling...instead of just watching the movies.
By giving them more money than they make themselves?
I wanted Scotland to leave in 2014, but I knew they wouldn't because deep down they know they are a joke.
I dont have a diet of fried mars bars and heroin mate.
Yeah because it was all rosy for british fishermen inside the EU.
https://www.leftovercurrency.com/exchange/euros/euro-coins/1-euro-coin-2/ Even if it has been updated, it may well have been, it doesnt stop the fact that they wiped them off the map.
So I claim that they will probably wipe us off their coins like they have done to countries in the past.....but I'm dumb?
Helped greenland, iceland, faroe islands, norway.
And yet every poll still indicates they will stay. In fact the poll figures are exactly the same as they were in 2014.
Asked for what?
What...another loser?
Great britain is called Great Britain to differentiate it from the smaller French Brittany. Nothing to do with size. Clown.
Lol....EU membership came 7th in the list of reasons for remaining in the UK...with only 12% taking it into consideration. Leaving the UK would require a hard border with England, with whom they do more trade with than the whole EU combined. Not to mention most of their EU exports go through England and through the chunnel, moving exports by boat is slower and more.expensive. leaving the UK will cost scotland a lot more than leaving the EU.
Britain and Scotland? Huh
They will eventually. All polls still have scotland voting to remain in the UK anyway...its only on reddit that people seem to think scotland would now vote 80% to leave.
How will.scotland be better off with a hard border with their biggest trading partner...with whom they do more trade than the whole EU combined?
Free scotland...despite the polls still showing scotland would.vote to remain in the UK by 55 to 45.
The child killer William Wallace? Who locked children in a church then burnt it down...that one?
I want the scots to leave, I'm sick and tired of funding them. Even so.... https://www.google.com/amp/s/www.scotsman.com/news/politics/support-for-scottish-independence-has-fallen-according-to-latest-yougov-survey-1-5058619/amp
No. Leaving the UK will cost far more than leaving the EU.
The people dont want out...only reddit thinks they want out. https://www.google.com/amp/s/www.scotsman.com/news/politics/support-for-scottish-independence-has-fallen-according-to-latest-yougov-survey-1-5058619/amp
Yes it's ridiculous that the UK would want to be a normal country like 170 other nations around the world.
www.scotsman.com/news/politics/support-for-scottish-independence-has-fallen-according-to-latest-yougov-survey-1-5058619/amp Scotland dont want it, only Reddit does.
They wouldn't, but uk trade with the EU is falling year on year. Scottish trade with England has gone up, compared to the EU.
What you going to attack England with? Peashooters?
Yeah all that extra funding they get is such contempt.
Wouldn't lose oil through would we, scotland would leave, meaning England has a bout 10%of the oil fields...plus all that oil in the Falklands.
www.scotsman.com/news/politics/support-for-scottish-independence-has-fallen-according-to-latest-yougov-survey-1-5058619 Polls dont
Yeah, really.smart having a hard border with your biggest trade partner.
Yes scotland has large say in the UK, it will have a far smaller voice in the EU. Plenty if EU desicions are now made by majority voting, how does 1 voice in 28 work as "independence"?
Nope, England has 10%
Those who want to stay in the UK wont go out and vote in a fake referendum, meaning any result will be laughed down at.
I live in the same town that William Renshaw was from....he won Wimbeldon 7 times.
Yeah your vote will matter far more in a population of 450 million and 28 nations.
And the other 2 we voted for invading Iraq.
Didn't know California was an independent country. It's a union, missing at least 5 members, because of their over-reaching.
Oh no....defacing the flag of an organisation. What a crime
Happy Independence Day my fellow Britons!!! Great day!
....whut? The UK will have the largest population in Europe by 2040.....but we will just disappear now because we left the union...greenland didn't disappear, norway didn't disappear iceland didn't disappear.
....they left 34 years ago.
I know they are far smaller populations and far smaller economies...yet are still here 34 years later
Where as the EU has a great economic plan...and yet the UK still has larger growth than most EU nations.
did we have the independence to make our own trade deals, or make our own immigration policy, like normal nations?
No, normal would be the 170 countries out of just over 200 that can make their own immigration policy and trade deals, Germany and France would therefore be abnormal.
No, normal would be the 170 countries out of just over 200 that can make their own immigration policy and trade deals, Germany and France would therefore be abnormal.
If you like.
no, we had the independence to leave, but we are not an independent nation inside the EU, we have to abide by EU rules, some of which hurt the UK,
&gt; Yes... But the products they sell still have to comply with EU regulations. Or do you not understand that most basic principle..? Yes, and they will have to meet our standards too.
They are gonna have no fish to fry.
At least we have a culture, unlike Ireland. "You stole our culture, that's why we dont speak Irish"....yet Welsh is far more widely spoken and closer to England. Laziness. The truth is England spends so much time rent-free in your minds that you dont do fuck all else. That's why your nation has done nothing for the world, name 5 things ireland invented that has helped mankinds progress...I'll wait.
That's every Englishmans face when every Irishman was begging to be allowed to go to the world cup as an extra team because "bwahhhh Thierry Henry hand balled it bwahhhh". Jokers
https://www.google.com/amp/s/amp.theguardian.com/sport/2015/nov/24/andy-murray-scottish-british-tennis I'll just leave this here for you, ya bullshitter. Bit of light reading. My name is taken from my Turkish great grandmother. But whatever.
Pretty sure it's the eu who want their cake. You're leaving....but we want to fish your waters and the uk remain under the ECJ is epitome of cake eating
Damage? People who speak English well and are highly educated? Take them over what we got through the EU any day.
Not curtailing, choosing who we let in rather than having to allow any and all EU citizens in
But r/europe told me the brits were racist and that's why they wanted to leave the EU.
Lol....do the eu think having the same access to british waters and them remaining under the rule of the ECJ is realistic?
Yea their is a limit, which the eu cant catch themselves outside British waters, so either they stop eating fish....or they buy the british caught fish.
That's not a perk
Well since it's the church of Englands private land, they probably get to have a say.
Begging? Doesnt sound like begging. I'm sure it will be easily filled by other nations.
I didnt realise that stuttering and "we want you back" was the equivalent of begging? So when the EU said "we want the UK to stay"....they were begging?
.....That's exactly what the eu are doing when it comes to fishing. Its Britains soverign waters, the EU has no juristiction...yet they are refusing to budge on it....because of money.
You know the british have the second best teeth in Europe and better than Americans according to the OECD right? But please, stick to your ww2 American stereotypes.
So when you voted remain you voted for the shitty EU cookie law notice on every website?
It was fucking pointless, as soon as every website started using them it became a waste of time. You voted for it, you voted for a show web experience.
And now every one just clicks away the pop up, meaning fuck all difference has been made apart from websites looking like shit.
.....wronggggg! Yellow is the easiest colour to see in smokey conditions. In fact some fire engines in some countries have changed from red to yellow to reflect this.
I'm not right wing, I'm a mix, a vegan, animal rights lover, NHS loving, proud to be English, anti-racist, dont like mass immigration. Ive also got 2 half brown half-brothers, my dad remarried to an Indian woman. Not sure where I belong, voted lib deb, labour and conservative over the past 15 years. Even so....if a "right-wing" one took place they would just be called racist for doing it and the left would claim they didnt care about the girls, just wanted to be racist towards brown people. Yet the left obviously dont care about the girls as they would happily sweep it under the carpet.
What was he supposed to do to stop the Bengal famine, he wasnt the weather man, he couldn't get food there because we had been kicked out by japan and they had blocked food going through Burma.
William wilberforce...the 40 year old who married a 20 year old?
No, I'm not talking about rape am I, I'm talking g about grooming gangs. Grooming gangs dont just rape. They groom, drug, rape, and pass the girls around, protect by their community. But of course you dont care, white girls don't matter, all in the name of diversity. Colston wasnt the only racist of his time...you only care about white racists! Why dont you care about brown racists, who only target young white girls? Ps.....you will find this in my comment history...because I know steam is coming out of your ears right now...at the thought of me being a skinhead white man...but I'm a middle class guy with two brown half-brothers. My dad remarried when I was 6 to an Indian woman. So please, let that image die. I know it's the equivalent to 'I have a black friend'.....but that's the only response you have because you dont like the facts.
And yet the Ghandi statue...a massive racist towards black people and hater of muslims, hasn't been touched.
Neither does Colston, his are.for.things such as hospitals...some of which still exist today.
Surely you should want them knocked down too?
The video is bullshit...no food could go through Butma where it usually came from because the japanese were there and had control. We couldn't get.enough ships through, the maths doesnt even makes sense, people who needed food x amount of.food required x length of famine....even if we had one ship through per week, through japanese controlled waters.....it wouldn't have been enough unless it was the.same small number of.people who.got the food each week. 1 ton of rice.feeds 2000 people for 1 day....their were 3 million mouths to feed. You do the maths. Or I will.... 100,000 people can be fed off 50 tonnes. 500 tonnes for a million......1500 tonnes for the 3 million who died. 1500 tonnes of food, per day, would be equal to 2-3 full ships per day...every day.
Read my post again, edited it....it would have required 3 ships per day, every day. How was that going to happen. The Japanese were in control of the bay of bengal, not the UK.
Not occupying anything.
Blocking what imports?
I'm in my own country, it's the Scottish who caused the NI issue, not the English.
Imports wouldn't have been needed? 1500 tons of rice per day were needed....we didnt export 1500 tonnes per day.
Right....but we controlled the Atlantic pretty much and had the enigma helping with german u-boats. We didnt have the same with Japanese ships did we.
Its not bigotry to say I dont care what Ireland thinks, you keep trying to play up your roll as being a big partner....i can think of at least 30 countries who's opinion matters more.
He was celebrated for the schools and hospitals he built in the area.
So vandalism should be allowed? No police action. I should be able to vandalism whatever I like?
Ghandi diverted food from muslim areas of india because he hated muslims. He also slept naked with his grand-neice...he was a piece of shit.
Ghandi in the last years of his life slept naked with his teenage grand-neice...and this is a great man? Lol
There is no bigotry, your opinion just doesnt matter to us. Why would it? New Zealand are part of the commonwealth, of course I care.more.about what they think. South Africa...also part of the commonwealth. I care more about Malta, that's a fact.
Gonna have to.find a neutral source rather than the self hating Guardian.
Well the british were the first to stop slavery....so no, you tell me.
My step mum, since I was 6, is Indian. Using a guardian article is like a racist using an article from a far-right website. The guardian isnt unbiased, it hates everything British
Czech haram?
Ghandi sleeping naked with his grand niece is bullshit?
....you're also saying your gut feeling.
Lol...hes not going to tell people he slept with his neice is he!? How would the people who wrote books about him know? The guy is a creep...at best.
No, I've broken it, I know I'm in the wrong and should be charged if their is proof. You, or the side you support have broken it, but dont think it's wrong, that's the difference.
No it was the cenotaph, churchill's was older guys.
According to their website its 4th, but might change. I have a hairdressers, we've been told 4th...possibly....but we dont know fuck all else and whether it's actually happening.
UK law.
Lol....yeah that's right, violent thugs who vandalize and then berate people cleaning up their mess couldn't possibly do that.
It wasnt a piece of their fabric, it was the flag on the cenotaph. They didnt own it.
Doesnt show that they walked off and left them either
Far funnier when the irish were begging FIFA to let them go to the world cup as an extra team. Never stopped laughing all summer.
But asking for unfettered access to British soverign waters is totally normal.
....no, its showing that despite more wanting to remain, they are still one of the most anti-EU nations in Europe.
When I was there their were huge, and I mean huge, flags flying from both the american embassy and british embassy. Massive. Dont recall seeing the French embassy.
Nope, was there for 2 weeks with work in 2012. I've actually got photos of them on an old hard drive.
let the downvotes fall upon my thread.
No he didnt.
Why lie? He didnt control the weather, he didnt have any control of supply lines being stopped by the Japanese in Burma and the Bay of Bengal. To have sent enough food in..and some could have been sent, but not enough, would have required 3 ships per day. The British has 32 ships destroyed in Bengal in one day. It wasnt his fault Japan controlled the area.
Go for it. There have been famines every few decades in bengal, including The Great Famine of 1770. All caused by the weather. ...but this one, despite it also being caused by the weather....and the british unable to get to bengal because they were kicked out of Burma and the bay of Benagl by the Japanese...were the ones to blame? Do the maths...the residents of Bengal needed 3 full shipments per day to feed everyone. The UK lost as many as 32 ships in the Bay in just one single day to the Japanese....but it's all Churchill's fault.
The point is more relevant today than ever.
I'll tell you what is 2016...trying not to leave the eu. The people spoke...time to end the transition.
UK is in Europe. Churchill helped save Europe from the nazis. Etc.
We have never asked for full access to the single market, so not sure why you are bringing that up.
No...yours is.
We got the least value per £ of almost any EU nation
What genocide did churchill cause?
https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Timeline_of_World_War_II_(1941) Here's a 1941 timeline for you mate, give it a read. Notice the heavy bombing of Berlin etc in October for instance...the USA didn't join until December. I know American movies like to pretend the UK were not in ww2, and euros have started to follow the Hollywood version of history but it's a bit false. I mean, according to US and now EU history the UK were not involved in D Day...despite more brits landing and every beach, including American, being covered by British ships.
Same thing happened to the Welsh langauge...they revived it, the irish are still moaning 80 years later that irish isnt being spoken more. Who's faults that?
Yeah the 39 police hurt last week by BLM protestors were not hurt by thugs, but lovely folks peacefully protesting.
They have the right to protest. It's not for you to decide who has legitimacy.
I'm not far-right...but it amazes me, a few scuffles and the far-right are 'thugs'.....39 police officers injured and a police horse disfigured and the 'left' are just 'protestors'...no thug tag attached whatsoever.
....was reddit? No. Reddit was defending them.
Hows is singing '10 german bombers' far-right? It's a popular football song and pretty much sang comically.
Why is it Winnie the Pooh street? A A Milne is English...is their a reason behind it?
Not sure how either are related. It wasnt just the far-right who voted for brexit, plenty of lefties voted for it.
So 1 in 3 left wing voters voted leave.
Because women aren't as good at sports? A fact. So....women are shit at sports, right? Not prejudice if its true.
37 or 39.....and a horse gets its face disfigured, but we are supposed to be ok with this....but not when the other side do it
https://www.google.com/amp/s/www.express.co.uk/news/uk/1292955/black-lives-matter-london-protests-uk-met-police-officers-injured-latest-george-floyd/amp 35 here
Because theirs lots of polish people in Swindon?
No. But I mean it's not very noticeable. Could easily have not known it was there. I'm not going to support the far right...but it stinks of hypocrisy when a week ago BLM protestors graffitied, trampled all over and tried to burn the flag on a memorial to those who have died fighting for the uk...that they should moan about one man pissing next to a memorial for one man....also fighting for the people of the UK.
....it was the UK who walked away from the table last week. It's the EU who are.being unrealistic.
Peaceful BLM protestors who injured 37 policeman and disfigured a horse?
You knew what you were voting for when you voted remain...now enjoy your chlorine soaked salad.
Exactly, the same way when you hear of a grooming gang you automatically think muslim.
EU made salad is washed in chlorine
Irish independence was 80 years ago...what's been the excuse the past 80 years?
They were not british, they allowed them in from britain and didnt quarantine them...2 NZ nationals...what does this have to do with Britain?
So now you are happy for your data to be shared with foreign organisations?
...because joining this EU scheme means sharing our data with a foreign organisation.
Japan has more claim to Hawaii then.
I've never understood why anyone calls it cheddar when it doesnt come from Cheddar, England. Real Cheddar comes from Cheddar.
The UK didnt annex the Falklands, it was an empty island that the UK reached before Argentina even existed. If anything, the Argentinians (Spanish) should give back Argentina to the seven tribes who lived there before they went over and slaughtered/annexed them.
Why do you hate history? He made it better for millions of Indians to.
Yes. Ok. Most will be in there 90s now at best.
Subsidies? The uk were net payers unlike the southern eu.
The British museum.purchased them from the Scotsman Elgin...who bought them from the Ottomans. Unless your claiming the scottish guy managed to steal them over weeks, get them to a ship, and sail away...all without being seen?
...3 people dont get killed by one person very often, stop under playing it.
....it was from his own diary. He slept naked with his grand-neice.
He also slept naked with his grand-neice and thought black people were savages.
...while having a hard border with your biggest trade partner....England.
England would be better off without Scotland , Wales and Northern Ireland. They are all net drains on England, I welcome them all going.
Scotland is a net drain on England.
What? We gave them a referendum like 5 years ago. They bottled it, needed to carry on sucking Englands tit.
... by the Barnet formula
62% remain...38% leave...so more than 1 in 3...like I said?
Go on then...explain how its flawed.
We let them in 2014....they bottled it and decided to continue sucking from the English tit. https://fullfact.org/economy/tax-and-spending-scotland/
So basically you're saying it's more expensive to live in scotland....but want independence....despite scotland already being subsidised by England. I've yet to see from the SNP how they will raise funds other than more austerity. Seems like they have a magic money tree that sprouts with independence.
Why would we care if scotland and NI leave? Good riddance, they are a net drain on England, why should we subsidise them? All while they moan about how terrible we are for giving them money. Economy collapses....12% less growth over the next 10 years....doesnt sound like collapsing....pre Corona we were still expecting growth, no sign of a recession in sight.
It's up to England to decide Englands future....maybe we dont want the scots with us any more.
Right...but you also have your share of the UK debt...and you dont have a currency.
I'm a bigot for stating that it's a fact that Scotland, Wales and NI are a net drain on England? Hilarious....if you dont like a fact, call the person a bigot with zero evidence and hope he shuts up.
To be fair I was skiing in Austria that fortnight so must have missed it all.
And what did I type that was bigoted?
The percentage of debt the UK has. You dont just get to walk away and say "it's not mine". England could have a referendum tomorrow...vote leave...and give Scotland all the debt could it?
My grandad wasnt scottish, many people from Northumberland/Newcastle, where he was born, ended up in the Black Watch during ww2, despite not being scottish. Why would I have pride in my ancestors being Scottish? Do you have pride in your ancestors being African? When you go back, eventually they would have been African, whereas your pride in that? I'm not arguing against Scottish independence, I am arguing that Scot Nats are no better than English nats. I mean the SNP have zero, and I mean zero, financial plan. They think the economy will thrive off nationalism. In 2014, had scotland left the UK, by 2016 they would have been bankrupt, that's a fact. The SNP created a financial plan on oil remaining above 100 USD per barrel forever....it then dropped to 43 by 2016....less than half of what the SNP claimed it would be. In 2021 its expected to be 38 USD per barrel. No I hold zero value in my scottish ancestors, as much as you hold value in yours being African. I was born in England, I'm English. Despite my scottish name. My culture is English culture. Despite living 7 miles from the scotland border much of the time. Although my local big supermarket is in scotland...hard border would mean me changing to one a bit further away, probably Morpeth so I didnt have to.go into Scotland.
...but you would still want to join the EU. Where your voice is 1 in 28, rather than 1 in 4?
Easy to be competent when your only job is to slag off the british government when they fuck up. I mean...oil is expected to hit 38 per barrel next year...its 42 this year. In 2014, she claimed oil would be over 100 per barrel forever, her words. The scottish economy post independence in 2014 was reliant on it being over 100 per barrel. Had they got independence, using their own model, they would have been bankrupt in 2016.
Not being invasive? The british empire started after Scotland failed to colonise central america. The greatest thing Scotland has achieved is placing the blame of the british empire on England and acting as if scotland were dragged along kicking and screaming.
So scotland didn't try to colonise central America?
What's not true about that?
I'm sorry my facts are not wide.enough for you.
So you claim that Scotland were dragged along....then you say you dont know the numbers? It appears you dont know much about Scotlands imperialist past and would just like to push it on to England. Scotland were front and centre of the British empire. Laughable really....bit like Scotland in every sport.
Must really annoy Tory haters that they have a more diverse cabinet than Labour, Lib Dems, Green, SNP etc
When did I say this....go quote me
Kinda shocking that a trade block requires an anthem, an army and for nations to give up their soverignty.
6 weeks or disruption because of Japanese parliamentary procedure in July. Nothing more.
Title: UK has six weeks to agree a deal Reddit interpretation: Ha we knew the UK would be bullied, idiot brexiteers! Actual truth: in six weeks time Japanese parliamentary procedure will mean a trade deal will have to go on hold for July.
Didnt read the article did you.
....what? Until jan 1st 2021 nothing has changed. But you wouldn't know that...since you appear to know nothing about the EU.
Didnt read the article did you.
Read the article rather than assuming and you wouldn't look an idiot
Or they only have 6 weeks until Japanese parliamentary procedure stops them negotiating for 5 weeks or so from mid-July....and so would like it done by then. But I guess you just read the headline.
Try reading the article and you wouldn't make an idiot of yourself
So where does it say in the article they lost leverage? It literally states the Japanese are worried about a gap in January. Not the UK.
You know them all do you?
Knew what they were voting for? They were told that food standards wouldn't be dropped. So if they are, it's as big a kick in the face for them as it is the consumer.
Plenty of fear mongering was spread, I mean we were told 100,000 finance jobs in London would go....how many have gone so far? Not even 1000. Still waiting for that recession for voting to leave....which never happened. Although Covid will soon change that.
Brexit happened 6 months ago. Can I have the lottery numbers please....you claim the prediction is right....yet 100s of doomsday predictions have already been wrong...so now your pushing it 5 10 15 years along. Laughable. All these jobs lost....yet pre Corona the UK had their highest ever employment numbers in their history?
We've had 3 votes on it, including last year when boris won by a landslide against Labours/Lib Dems more pro-EU position. This is a poll from a European group. Pinch of salt required.
No....but I also dont believe Poland, italy or france should have a say on british meat standards either
....we have truly left. We are just bound to transition period for now.
No I didnt. Before the referendum we were told in no way was food standards or the NHS was on he table. As far as I'm aware its still not, although we've seen a lot of EU loving papers say it is. Time will tell. You voted for shitty cookie banners on every website and for supertrawlers in british waters ruining our seas and allowing shark finning, despite the UK trying to ban it (law has changed very recently somewhat, but not banned). You also votes for EU parliament moving to Strasbourg once per month at the cost of millions for.no reason whatsoever.
No rebate means the UK paying more than Germany, with like 18m less people. We already pay more than France despite the rebate, and they have the same population.
New poll......taken when Theresa May was still PM.
.....the poll is from 2018, its bollox.
The EU isnt europe. No they didnt share currency, and as the recession in 2008 proved...they were right not to.
The poll is from 2 years ago when May was still PM. More bullshit that ends up at the top of reddit.
With covid leaving may have been a better option, we wknt be expected to pay billions more into the EU black hole.
Going to happen? This is a poll from over a year ago under Theresa May. How it hasn't been labelled as misleading I dont know, nothing "new" about it. The tories won a landslide victory since then.
Since that poll was done....last year under Theresa May, I mean it's not "new" as the headline claims, its over a year old...the tories have won a landslide leave victory under Boris.
...but it is true. Hence Boris is PM...with a majority.
Feast India restaurant is nearby, the absolute tits.
But the ESA isnt an arm of the EU. No matter where the funding comes from. Nobody claims the UN is part of the EU...despite the EU funding a fair portion of it.
Most native Americans died from disease brought by the Spanish and by Americans...not British.
Well that's not true is it. They were the second biggest funders of the EU the past few years
Why dont the second biggest funders deserve special treatment? But France, third biggest funders, do? I mean they have CAP, they have had a one time only opt out on 3% of spending law.....13 times...."because its France"....but the UK is the one berated.
Access, not unfettered EU-style access, just like a number of other countries who have it but dont have to give up their waters and fall under ECJ law.
Even the dinosaurs thought England was the greatest place on earth.
Well they would be. Tiny countries next to a big one. Just like remainers tell us we will be against the EU. You cant have it both ways.
No, but without a deal, a hardborder is required by the EU.
A market with which they currently do less business with than England alone. A market in which nearly all exports are taken by land through England, with whom you now have a hard border...which will have to be passed, twice.
Yeah, we really care what you think.
Oil....which is worth 66% less per barrel than it was in 2014. Great.
Tell you what? 700,000 brits work in the EU. 4 million EU citizens work in the UK. Who do you think will come out of this worse off?
Amazing reply. American education system at its finest
2/3 rds? Since when was 62%....66.6%?
You're in luck....England is in Europe.
If we are talking stats...the UK, with socialised medicine...has people living on average 2 years longer than the USA.
No, we have always called it 'the continent'. We dont 'say' we are in Europe, we are.
UK didnt even go into the recession they were promised by remain time and time again.
Cant wait until independence day, thanks..why do you think this would bother us? It will be reciprocal, 700,000 brits live in the EU, 4 million EU citizens live in the UK...who do you think it will hurt most?
You dont even know what you are talking about you tool. Nigel had nothing to do with the NHS bus, he was UKIP, not Vote Leave. Maybe when you educate yourself.on the situation you can come back and argue your points. You dont even know which party is which. Typical redditor.
No, it was the scottish that pushed the union. You dont recall correctly, do you?
We left in January.....why did it not happen in January, February, March...but only when we have been in lockdown a month in April?
