Fuuuuck....it’s getting way too close for my liking
Three years left my man. Wait until you see what’s coming! I bet you won’t even recognize the US when Trump and his cronies are done with it!
Other than John’s mum - they all look like they’re well into their 60’s!
Muse - best concert I’ve been to. Incredible. Cornershop - worst live band on the fucking planet. Boring as shit and their songs are ass.
As someone who has seen it I disagree, and think it wasn’t very good. It wasn’t the worst movie I’d ever seen certainly - but it wasn’t great. That being said, I can understand that people liked it, and the fact it was on Netflix probably opened it up to a wider audience, then had it been a theatre release. It’s easier to sit through a mediocre movie that you have access to, as opposed to waiting for reviews and spend money in a theatre to see it.
With word that each episode may be up to two hours long though.
Couldn’t find a smaller pic?
Fair points, all!!
Bills fan here. We make ourselves pretty easy targets, and while i am absolutely envious of the front office and on-field talent that Pats have (and how you guys are set up for future success big time) it’s honestly just nice to see a Bills playoff game again. We didn’t have any illusions of going deep into the playoffs (hell, Taylor couldn’t go deep all season), but it was just great to see Bills playoff football again and break the goddamn streak. We have a ton of work (obviously) to get competitive again, and hopefully we get there, so maybe we can stop competing for “who will be number 2 in the east” and make a run for a top spot with you guys! Good luck against Tennessee, and I can’t wait for the Steelers/Pats AFC final game!
I bet the cancer looked like Glenn Healey. Seriously though, hope he’s gonna be okay - that is a scary thing to have. People make a lot of fun of Pierre (sometimes rightly so because he is a little odd) but this dude is a walking hockey encyclopedia. Get well Pierre!!
What is the percentage of whites on welfare, compared to other races? Whites are the majority so obviously there’ll be more whites on welfare.
Unfortunately he denies it and she denies it, so that’s sort of where the story ends.
He suuuure did! :D
Five head.
...unless there’s a law saying you’re allowed to do it if someone is gay! Mind boggling how this is even being bandied about, even if it goes nowhere.
LOL the “Obama Deep State”. Unbelievable.
Funny how far I had to scroll to see some “yeah but at least it’s not an iOS” comment.
Rome Never watched it when it was out....hooked on it now!
Which he tweeted about himself after he did it. Unbelievable.
Dude!!! That’s amazing!!! Way to go! 😊
As if this kids’ life wasn’t hard enough - these fucking cunts go and make it worse. Fucking kill them. EDIT: parent of a disabled child...this shit makes me angry
What’s JL?
How much of it is just Brady, and how much is just Bellichick? Not to dismiss Brady - he is definitely the GOAT - but I’m wondering if they’re like the Lennon/McCartney of football. They’re both great, but really excel because they have one another. Throw Brady on the Jets, and he wouldn’t do as well. Throw Bellichick on another team, and it may not be as successful. It was almost like it’s the perfect storm of two exceptional football people that made it work? I may be completely wrong though!
Someone says Siri needs an overhaul and you think they’re a shill? Are you new to /r/apple?
You found me out! I’m a shill! 🙄
She’s lucky Meryl Streep doesn’t do TV!
It’s a tough one. He himself admitted that he was an absentee father to Julian, because he was Beatle John. I’m also pretty sure there’s a ton of jealousy from Julian towards Sean because John doted on him and gave Sean the father Julian wished he had. It’s a sad tragic thing, and IMO we all benefitted from John because he played the part of Beatle instead of focusing on family. So yeah - John was “wrong” in the sense he didn’t give much attention to his boy - but how could he? He was John Lennon! He was also really young and couldn’t give Julian (or Cynthia for that matter) what they needed. Don’t have kids young, kids.
He won’t win. That stupid This is Me or whatever the fuck it is from that Greatest Showman movie will probably win it.
Get a VPN and watch it on CBC - they do it right! Amazing Olympic coverage!
To be fair, as someone who is a Trump hater, I don’t give a shit what he did 12 years ago with a hooker. It’s honestly none of my business and is simply tabloid fodder. It’s the same thing Clinton went through about the whole “OMG HE SMOKED WEED IN COLLEGE DEFEND YOURSELF”. Who gives a shit? He wasn’t president when it happened so what does it matter. There is so much stuff that he is actually doing as POTUS that is so much worse, that deserves people’s attention. Sure it speaks to the kind of person he is, getting a hooker while his wife recovers from having a baby - but there’s nothing saying that you can’t be a shitty person and be good at your job. He happens to fall into the category where he both is a shorty person and terrible at his job. ...but bringing up someone’s personal stuff to me doesn’t belong in politics. Although, I’m not so naive to think that it isn’t part of the game. I may be wrong, but it’s just what I think.
You mean an actress from one film was also the actress from another film?
Yes but it’s not illegal and it certainly doesn’t mean he’s a child molester.
Me rikey!!
Except McDonalds shuts that place down, all the animals will leave the zoo and find another one. McDonalds will end up shutting down location after location as hey find new ones to ruin. Leave these animals in their zoo!
I was gonna say...not too many years ago I couldn’t drive a car either...
She got seriously hotter as she got older
I have to say, while nothing would have made me happier than a Beatles Reunion in the 80's/90's.....the fact that they never were able to reunite only helps add to the mystique of their greatness. They never risked ruining it by getting back together and touring, or writing new stuff that may not have been anywhere near as good as their classics.
This could end his career!!! Oh wait....
Station to station was his Berlin period wasn’t it?
No it’s all good!! No one else mentioned so I thought it was me that was wrong!
Apple has done this with every phone - make more to ensure demand is bet, then cut production. Nothing to see here Apple haters.
Dude I was totally at both of those shows as well - the highlight of the second show was seeing Arctic Monkeys open!
....or throw money at Christopher Nolan.
Karma!
It’s like when I see a street fight, and one guy gets knocked down/out and someone brings out a kick to the head. I mean, as good as is it to sometimes see someone who deserves it get knocked the fuck out, that’s never cool.
OMG DAE JENNIFER LAWRENCE? Read the comments people, Jesus.
.... and Bills fans are just sort of over here ignored in the corner. As is tradition. 😢
There’s an Ontario election coming up - we have our own Trump in Doug Ford. He’s actually leading in the polls. People are fucking stupid.
Doesn’t bother me - keeps me employed. Job security!
Joe Bowen and Harry Neale were a legendary team...
Yeah it started out alright...then sort of just meandered around after that... It’s easy to write a neat riff or whatever...hard to write a complete song. EDIT: I’m not sure how this song has so many upvotes? Must have a big family?
I’m not on Facebook although I’d love to join - maybe a new/different/complimentary subreddit?
Long story short - the bridegroom was tied to a chair by strippers - had his shirt and pants taken off and was given a handsey....while the brides father was in the room. Didn’t end well.
Jokes are hard, huh?
To be fair this is a bullshit article that frankly doesn’t explain *why* they are filing a lawsuit? It quoted the NAACP, makes a snarky remark about DeVos and that’s it? What did she do?
Nah i definitely want to see one. I won’t though but I think under the right circumstances, it would be incredible!
I’d also like to know how “OMG CLINTON FOUNDATION” is somehow related? I have no idea what is going on...but this seems like crazy tinfoil hat stuff?
No thanks I’m alright! Thank you for the offer though.
Love my. X - went from a 6+ to an X and love it
This isn’t Van Halen. It’s a cover.
I had one for weeks.... Took an update to get rid of it!
Yeah we're talking a *LOT* about our relievers here in Toronto....especially after last night's loss to the Yankees.
Fuck I forgot how much I loved that song!!
I didn't really care who won tbh. I thought if Vegas won, it would be *huge* for hockey in that town, and it would be a nice bit of history to see an expansion team win a cup! However, It's *really* nice to see Ovi win a cup - I don't know of many other players who consistently put his team on their back in the playoffs, and not win. This year he didn't have to do that! He played as hard as he always did, and his team came with him. Not many other "deserving" players in the NHL to win a cup!
Wait....I know who Steve Hoffman is, but forgive my ignorance - did he/does he do mastering work for the recent Beatle releases?
Might be her fucky eyes. Dynamite frame though!
Everyone’s entitled to two!
Well, Obviously? Who’s gonna sing Noel’s part - some random guitar player in his band?
Is the A+ all multiple choice, or is there lab sections?
Shhhh!!! Don’t tell Trump!!!
Oh I wasn't chastising you for linking to them! I was just ranting about the site - I forgot about that site until I visited it! :D
🎵I’ve just seen a vase I can’t forget...🎵
“You’re too skinny” Best. Compliment. Ever. I long for the day when someone says that. Even if they aren’t trying to be helpful it would be a wonderful thing to hear.
Figgerit out.
Fuckin’ in the Bushes
The opening of "It's all Too Much" - the guitar crash, into that organ - then when the drums kick in....beautiful!
Funny enough after watching shows like "Mayday", I actually feel *better* about flying. It seems like a whole hell of a lot can go wrong with a plane before it's crippled enough to crash.
We Can Work it Out. Both sections feel like work was put in, and they're the perfect compliment to each other - with Paul going from singing the melody in the verse to the harmony in the chorus.
You're an artist, Harry!
Holy crap that's funny!! I honest to God didn't realize he was that short - the last few years I'd been sort of watching the Crossfit games/regional highlights on Youtube, and never saw him in a picture to give me a true frame of reference for his size.... He's so short....but still an absolute beast!
Unfortunately, I'm not sure it'll ever see a home video release, so the best we may be able to hope for is a sort of "cam" version? Who knows!
Corky from Life Goes On has some sick moves.
Plus it's not a solution if you don't want to play Shipment, but it gets voted on by those who want it. Sometimes I'll leave a lobby once it's selected - go back into another public match....only to be thrown back into that same friggin' lobby and playing Shipment.
That was a wild fucking ride. "How about wearing a seatbelt" was hilarious - and that retort was pure brilliance.
...as well there's absolutely no way this would be a surprise to him. You aren't with someone as long as he's been with her and *not* know she's batshit crazy af.
&gt; It's a real shitty position for Ottawa to be in It's horrible for both Ottawa and for Hoffman! Like, I have no idea what kind of a guy Hoffman is off the ice, but I can imagine with the wives getting into it Karlsson/Hoffman had to say something to one another....which is just something that doesn't need to happen. Plus now it taints Hoffman as well. Wherever he goes this will be hanging over him, unless he ditches this idiot.
Shit man if you got that - work towards your CCNA. If you have your network+ and Sec+, ICND 1 should be fairy straightforward.
You probably don’t even need to do that - there’s videos on Udemy and YouTube that can get you started! Go to /r/CCNA and look around to see what others have done!
Brilliant!! Way to go!
It’s been so long since I’ve actually been looking forward to a new M Knight movie!
&gt; Within 2 weeks, rules were quickly established. How does someone not nope the fuck out of relationship after "rules" are set that quickly?? Not blaming her at all for anything he did - but why in the hell did she stick around?
To be fair, there would be a lot that I would probably be able to put up with if I started dating a “celebrity” and money was all of a sudden no longer an issue...
I'm wondering if how some of that started. "Honey, I'm a celebrity, so our relationship may not look *exactly* like other relationships you've had"....and that's how he gets her.
God damn he looks fantastic for his age. Cool af
There's way too many "Daily Show with Jon Stewart" copies that are driving me nuts.
Such an absolutely amazing game!!
A
What is the bonus disc? I don’t have it! Is it just an interview disc?
Free speech means the government can’t come and throw you in jail for questioning them. Not quarantining a subreddit.
He does - I’m not sure what OP is talking about?
So is this sub just /r/conspiracy now?
Stupid question, but the explosion at the start....so it’s fired like a gun/cannon then propelled faster forward?
It’s *really* grown on me. The only scene I dislike is the diner scene where the camera is spinning around when they’re all talking, in the second half of the movie. Along with the action at the end of the film, I do think it’s his weakest outing, but still a *very* good film by any standard imo
Neymar is such a fucking pussy...Jesus Christ. Doesn’t get touched and rolls around like he was shot in the leg.
There’s people that say shit like this - then prefer the US Beatle albums over the UK versions.
What I mean is people say “mono is the best way to listen to the Beatles because it sounds like what they wanted”, then say they love the US releases.....that chopped up the songs, and changed running orders - contrary to what the Beatles wanted. Essentially if you say mono is the best (which it isn’t imo) you pretty much also prefer the UK releases to the US releases.
I *still* have a problem having "judged" events in an Olympics. Someone opinions of whether or not something is good is *totally* different from one person outrunning someone else.
This is the right answer. ....as much as I would *LOVE* to suit up for a game, or have seasons tickets...have the #1 pick for the next two years could be huge!
Have you seen them live?? I've seen them twice - once in LA at the Key Club (sp?), and once in Vegas....best concert I've ever been to!
I'm super skeptical about that being only 550, but leaving yourself room "just in case" is *always* a good idea! :D
Absolutely - and also in no way am I disparaging OP. I mean if you can eat stuff like that and still lose - all the power to you!
I do not have the willpower to do that - but I wish I did!!!
With the strategically placed blanket to hide stuff
Colombia playing shorthanded and they *still* are able to tie it up??? Jesus Christ, Japan...
Fuck, looks like SJ didn't want to deal with his cunty girlfriend either!!
Yeah that wasn’t worth watching that whole fucking thing.
He's just so fucking good man.
To be fair - Trump has just reversed the policy of separating children from families, which is a great move on his part.
[CNN is reporting he actually signed it?](https://www.cnn.com/2018/06/20/politics/trump-separation-action-immigration/index.html)
Phil Kessel. *Praise Be*
Soldier On
She is hot af. God - it must suck having to wear that thing when you’re in your home country.
Wait until the Croatian firms get a hold of them.
Wait....wasn’t this sub a Peterman hate circlejerk last year??
Not an American so I wasn’t aware if it was a “he did something illegal” or it could be a “we don’t support him anymore”
Praise be.
The last lockout/lost season was totally worth it to get the hard cap in place IMO. That wasn’t Bettman’s fault - that was him trying to make the league stronger and more competitive as a whole.
Makes you wonder how many people in the world there are living this exact same life. With one decision, their entire lives are completely different from what “could have been”. When they were young, if they’d made choice A instead of choice B, theyd be rich/successful/happy instead of living the life they have. Always wondered that.
I really really like how that looks. ....who is she?
Not free
I’m sort of assuming this is the universe that they made the “better” choice! That put them on the path they’re on now where they’re famous/successful! 😊
Sophie Turner is such a fucking smokeshow. Dear lord....
You do Crossfit to get strong - and if you start going 4 days a week, you will be amazed how quickly you get fitter and stronger and how much your body shape will change! Get on it!!
You get social points, and with enough of them you level up, unlocking special items!
Absolutely not a good show, and I’m not surprised it was cancelled.
“What are you listening to, Fred?” “George Michael’s ‘Opinion’”
It's *still* a horrible idea....it's competing not only with the NFL, NHL, and NBA, it's also competing directly with other soccer leagues around the world. It's an absolute shitshow of a debacle, and I still don't believe Qatar still has it.
I do understand some people saying "Look, there's legal ways to getting into the country - if you want to come here, do it through proper legal channels. You shouldn't expect to sneak over and then stay." ...but at the same time, how hard is it to have basic moral compassion for people? How hard is it to keep families together until you deport them?
Well...she’s hitting him - I wouldn’t call this a beating....
Tuesday is tomorrow!
Some of us work! 😉
Exactly!! It's sort of like a "Hahah you fucking idiot. Look what you could have claimed!"
So, a French win over Denmark, and an Australia win over Peru puts the Aussies in I believe? Depending on the scores?
God, he's such an incredible guitar player as well. Makes everything look so easy. I found myself just staring at his hands a lot of the time! :D
Pissive aggressive?
Exactly. Who fucking does that?? And then gets it printed on shirts??
When he first went into the house, and Julie called him Chris...I was really hoping they'd keep referring to him like that and refuse to use his stupid nickname he gave himself. ...but she called him Swaggy C later. Shame.
This is Ottawa's equivalent of the "Ballard years". Hope they get a decent owner soon.
Was George a fan of Arabic music? I thought he was a fan of East Indian music?
Cavalry. ...and good job!
I'd take it for a spin!
Steve from Coronation Street looked upset he missed it.
“BWAHAHAHAHAHA” - Republicans, probably.
Personally I can see Uruguay getting past Portugal, so I don’t think it’ll happen. I would *love* to see it though!!!
Anyone have a desktop wallpaper of the round of 16 matchups/schedule?
I never thought I would ever say "I cannot wait for the new M Night Shayamalan movie" again. This has me proper excited.
Jesus, imagine if we had that payroll. We could pay *so* many guys to sit out injured!!
This combines my most loved show (BB) with my most hated of shows. Kudos.
Have you tried to rebuild the PS4 database? You could try that!
https://youtu.be/EibNpGpmu20 Pretty straightforward actually! It’s handy in a jam!
For sure!! Good luck! Hope it works! :)
So is it only the BP movie that plays with a pink hue? Does the whole PS4 have it?
Call Sony.
Not sure! Either is worth a shot!!
Jesus yeah that’s gross. No pop at all....
You wonder how many people join Scientology simply for the contacts.
The problem is I think that promise gets made a *lot* and there’s no simple “backing out” once you’re in, especially if you’re a nobody.
Martha My Dear by The Beatles. Such a pretty melody and simple instrumentation. Love the horns in it.
🤦🏻‍♂️
#1 all day.
Taylor *really* looks like her dad, huh?
“She’s a cunt, she’s not worth it, and you’ll find someone who is an angel straight from heaven, who will treat you like gold.”
I think the onus is on deniers to prove that we *didn’t* go to the moon, not that we did. There’s plenty of proof that we did, but there’s no real irrefutable evidence that we didn’t. Plenty of anecdotal that we didn’t, and most of it is ridiculous....but there’s no smoking gun that we didn’t go. EDIT: dear lord some of these replies. Did I wander into crazy town?
I think Matthews may be arguably more exciting to watch, not because he’s a “better player” (because he’s not) but because he’s on a stupidly talented young team full of fantastic young talent - whereas McDavid is playing by himself essentially.
Jerseys made out of flannel.
Somewhat. In the context of the song the two people are arguing - both saying hurtful and vile things to each other. He calls her an “old slut on junk” and The woman tries her hand to emasculate the man so she calls him a “faggot”. It’s a story, and the characters aren’t nice people...they resent how they gave up their dreams for better things because they fell in love....so they say shit like that to each other to try and knock the other down. I think we’re starting to get ridiculous with the censorship.
The happiest woman in Japan! 😉 💪🏿
Great Job!! Keep going - you’re at the bottom rung of the ladder, climbing your way to the top!
Poor James. You’d think having Paul as your dad you’d get some cute genes.... ....nope!
That picture looks like it could have been taken today!! Great pic OP....would love to hear the story behind it?
&gt; I'm looking for some examples of videos or photos that make even the staunchest of scientific skeptics say "Wow... that's weird!" *Nothing but creepy pasta in the thread* Personally I always found [this image of a man with a "demon dog" over his shoulder at a wedding"](https://hips.hearstapps.com/rbk.h-cdn.co/assets/15/18/640x453/gallery-1430159173-desktop-1429808030.jpg) fascinating! There was no dogs at the wedding, and the dog was frightening! Nice thing is the dude changed his life after he saw it, which is a nice bonus!
So why do some directors do hundreds of takes of the same scene? Is it because they aren't getting what they need from the actors? Is it to break the actors down a bit so they deliver their lines differently?
Good. What a stupid fucking thing to be outraged over. Jesus Christ, with all the shit going on in the world that *really* matters, people who are outraged over this should really get a hobby. All those hip hop songs that talk about women being bitches and hoes - just fine - let's get our panties in a bunch over a 60 something (or however old it is) year old song though.
&gt; How often do you rewatch? I think that's my problem - I don't rewatch! For me, knowing the outcome of the season and who wins, I don't bother.... ...but seeing as I don't remember anyone, I'm not sure anything would be spoiled!? I'm not sure I would even remember who won some of the seasons! :D
As a child of the 80's, I'm well aware of her status as a superstar! :D I was just never a fan of hers. :)
I only understood it because I read something about apparently it's the "big toy" this Christmas for kids?
Man...Pete was so cool though wasn’t he? He really was a good looking guy.... I wonder if he had confirmed to the whole “Beatle haircut” thing if he would have been a little more accepted by the rest of the band?
&gt; No dramas boss wat?
Never go with a year sub for IPTV. Ever.
Take Transformers out of Michael Bay’s hands, and it’s good? Who woulda thunk it!
LOL republicans don’t care about that shit, that’s why.
Is that Jesse Ventura doing color? ....or maybe it’s Spongebob’s pal Patrick? EDIT: downvoting doesn’t make it less true.
Why do I feel like this sub is just advertising? “Hey look at this picture of a PlayStation box beside another box!”
A heavy album and you leave Tomorrow Never Knows out??
Helix hasn’t froze at all for me over the last few days. Did you open a ticket with them? What did they say?
Got a Shield TV with a 120Mb connection. Sucks it’s not working for you!
Remember when Obama was a “secret Muslim”, taking down the US from the inside? There’s now a POTUS who’s is legitimately doing it in plain sight, and the Republicans support him. Traitors. The lot of them.
It sure does!
Real shame. The documentary it’s based on is sad and touching.
Missing George's Rocky guitar!
...still better than anything from Season 6 of House of Cards! As weird as this might be - he’s *such* a phenomenal actor. One of the all time greats.
As weird as it is....he is *such* a brilliant actor. Goddamn that was better than anything from the last season of House of Cards.
One of the all time great mashup albums. It’s so perfect, especially if you’ve ever seen the Love show.
BBC confirms that Trump visited US troops in Iraq.
That’s interesting!! So it’s possible to say, go to Kentucky for the same procedure as New York, because it’s cheaper?
CNN is reporting it too https://www.cnn.com/2018/12/26/politics/donald-trump-iraq-visit/index.html
Oh, we’re defending Scientology?
COTEetCI 3 in 1 Aluminum Desktop Charging Station Charger Dock Holder for Watch Series 1/2/3-Slivery https://www.amazon.com/dp/B076Q5GVDZ/ref=cm_sw_r_cp_api_i_aRjjCbB6MSZPH
The quality of these wallpapers are getting worse and worse. Like really lazy design.
This needs to be higher.
I’m a bit of a broken record! 😂
TIL I’m a doctor
Far from one of the 90’s best films. The thing I hate about Terrence Malik films, is he’ll get great performances, but his films aren’t storytelling...it’s like vignettes of life. Moving Polaroids from a photo album. They’re boring, for the most part, and if you tell people that, then “oh you don’t get high art” or whatever.
Hedwig??
As a non-Jew, I found this funny as well.
Spoiler tag? Jesus.
To be fair - a party game isn’t a game where only one person plays at a time. Still a fun game though!!
In the “going clear” documentary, there is actually an audio clip of him describing what the society looked like, including what the spacecraft looked like as well!
Would people have still seen Aladdin if Will Smith wasn’t in it?
Seriously!? Holy crap!! That is crazy!!!! I’ve tried to play guitar left handed and it’s impossible!!!
Actually just watched that the other day - such an incredible feat of engineering!!
A full length animated feature using the same animation as the opening for Beatles Rock Band would set me alight!!
Looks like Kate McKinnon!
The body language video that someone posted here a while back was riveting. On mobile now but maybe someone can find it and post it?
First beta was great - beta 2 fucked my phone *hard*
Literally could have been a cover photo of the NME in ‘94!!
That’s actually perfect imo!
Holy crap - with the PS4 remote play app, I will actually be able to play my PS4 games using a controller? Apple *nailed* iOS 13.
I have a ton of vinyl as well, and don't have a turntable either! :D I used to years ago - but find I don't listen to music at home enough to warrant another purchase!
Once you get older, and get your own space - who knows! Maybe you'll grab a record player and be able to listen to them! :D Just don't go cheap ;)
Oh I love her!
Sandra Bullock in tight one piece leather? Jesus. I think I would have hurt something getting an erection so fast.
I saw the trailer and it seemed really ridiculous.
I just *really* hope the Swaggy/Bayleigh rumors are wrong. I’d love to see this season be all new houseguests.
For a network drama, is it good? Compared to cable/streaming dramas? I find network shows to be sort of “sub par” usually compared to its cable counterparts?
*Gasps*
*Tulo out 6-8 weeks injuring foot walking down stairs on the trip home*
**Jimmy Nichol.** During a 1964 tour of Australia, Ringo came down with tonsilitis and couldn't tour. Rather than canceling the entire tour, the Beatles hired a drummer by the name of Jimmy Nichol who was playing with a small rock band called the Shubdubs to fill in for the tour. He went from being an unknown to playing in the biggest rock band on the planet, and a celebrity overnight. Two weeks later Ringo re-joined the band, and with zero fanfare (and without even speaking to the rest of the Beatles who were asleep at the time) Jimmy was sent on a plane with 500 pounds, and a gold watch inscribed with thanks from the band, and faded into obscurity. I think that would be a fantastic documentary to watch.
May not be live yet? I would check back at 11am EST?
&gt; Ministra TV platform, previously known as Stalker Portal, Good to know! Thanks OP!
He was going for gasps!
Ringo was in The Who’s Liztomania....but I’m not sure if he would have fit well for Tommy!!! 😄
Jesus - I read that too fast and thought “that sounds nothing like Mike Myers”. I gotta get out of the sun.
Right before they became The Originals again.
Yeah man!!! I’m actually doing just that. Doing a shitload of online tailing! 😄
Any other pics?? Those looked like great seats!
Todd Howard can suck a fat one. After Fallout 76 there’s no way I’m buying this until reviews come out.
I’ll pick it up when it goes free to play!
Will Smith is a discount Will Smith 🤷🏻‍♂️
Crazy fucking idiot. I’ll be *so* pissed if that idiot and her boyfriend are back this season.
Mag boxes are trash and infomir is rolling out IPTV banning. It’s been all over the sub. Do not get a mag box.
I'm out of the loop, as I don't know who she is, but holy shit did I ever start bawling after seeing her reaction. That's amazing and wonderful and made me so happy!! Anyone have any more info about her?
If you use IPTV don't use a Mag box.
I don’t think it was accidental was it? I thought they said they wanted a night off and declined the invite?
He’s saying lost for “George” - George was going through a rough period around then!
That makes me so unbelievably happy! Amazing work by the Blues to get her there and share the win with her!
A song I haven't seen mentioned here is "Doubleback Alley" The outro from the film - such a beautiful take on Penny Lane. (But Piggy in the middle and cheese and onions are incredible songs)
1) You don't have your console as the primary console (probably because you share your account with friends, which is a big no-no) 2) This game was downloaded to your console by a different, not your account PSN was down, and *all* my games are digital, and I could play them all. This isn't Sony's fault you can't play those games.
John. Paul, George, Ringo and Ethel.
Might just wanna throw a spoiler tag on there man. Maybe some people haven’t seen it!
I just started binging Killing Eve - Jodie Comer is *ridiculously* talented!!! EDIT: stupid autocorrect!!
Some of those women are *hot*
Aww!! The nice thing about them getting it that young is most of the time they develop a natural immunity to it, and they don’t get as sick. I got the chicken pox when I was 23. Worst sick I’ve ever been. Felt like I was going to die!
I saw the video of it and it looked like people running for their lives, but that it was back and behind of the proceedings! That would have been scary - glad you’re okay!!
That's the thing about golf!! It sinks it's hooks in and doesn't let you go! :D It's like gambling in a way. You gamble and lose money, but that one time you win big you crave it. With golf, you have that one good hole, one good shot, one good round, and you keep chasing that! :D
The Knick. It's almost criminal that it was on Cinemax instead of netflix of HBO. Brilliant writing, acting, and directing.
Oh for sure - you can hear all their influences in their music! ...but I also never understood why people would say they're a Beatle rip-off band or whatever! :D
It makes sense....it *has* been a long cold lonely winter!
The show - *Any* Beatle fan worth thier salt needs to head to the Mirage in Vegas and see the show. When it starts, and you see silhouettes of the Beatles 100 ft tall (or whatever it is), I actually started tearing up. It's a massively emotional show and it's incredible. The album - simply an incredible mashup album, especially Tomorrow Never Knows/Within You Without You. The version of While My Guitar Gently Weeps on it as well is arguably one of the most emotional moments on any Beatle album.
&gt; Got front row balcony seats Same!!! They were literally incredible seats, and you could see everything!
Really? Which song did it rip off?
I'm sure registered massage therapists would love to hear "hey about a hand job" every time they give a massage.
What Beatle song does that sound like? My point is that some of their songs sound Beatle influenced....but none of them are direct rip offs of a Beatle song.
Wayne Gretzky’s high stick on Doug Gilmour in the 1993 NHL playoffs. Should have been more than a two minute penalty.
Have you watched Baseball? That is a fantastic series.
You'd think living in the Age of Information, there would be *less* stupid people around.
[First season of True Detective](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Xyu_MdKBXic)
^Copy ^that.
&gt; 150 people, sir, was the answer from a General. 10 minutes before the strike I stopped it, not proportionate to shooting down an unmanned drone. I have to say I'm *very* surprised at that rationale. I think he's a buffoon and terrible PoTUS, but that was a very wise decision. EDIT: Spelling.
Bye bye Marner.
He’s got two solo albums worth of material and still does an Oasis-heavy set?
I get throwing in some hits, don’t get me wrong - just surprised he isn’t doing more solo stuff 🤷🏻‍♂️
When every day is leg day!!
Hitting a high C.
....another pretty face....like Rachel??
[Until you hear the remix from the Love album mashed with Tomorrow Never Knows!](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=utDKf7DYiiw)
I have the album too!! My Aunt gave it to me, and the cover is falling apart - but I listened to it all the time when I was little. Kind of Girl I Could Love and Your Auntie Grizelda were my favorites!! 😄
I thought you were talking about Love Island for a second. That looks like pure fucking garbage.
Yeah it happens to me from time to time as well. Simple reboot and I’m good to go!
The show makes me so sad. It’s easy to see someone *that* big and say “Jesus just stop eating that shit”....but every one of them is so emotionally broken from their childhood, they turn to food for comfort. So it’s not as easy for some of us to think “man, I need to lose weight and eat better”....they need to fix what’s wrong on the inside, which is infinitely harder than simply fixing the outside. It’s a monumental struggle for every one of them, and when they lose a ton of weight, it’s incredibly inspiring!
I used to have one of those but when I played live it was way too small - got myself a mapleglo 360. Super nice looking guitar my man!!!
Also watching the show has really made my *way* more sympathetic to obese people who I see out and about. When I honestly used to roll my eyes and think "Ugh why are they eating that stuff when they're that big?", but now I see them and it's almost like you can see they wear their emotional baggage on the outside, and you want to tell them that everything will be okay, and they're good people? That might sound stupid and trite....but I hope you know what I'm getting at!
Good for you for making a positive change!! I don’t know you, but seeing the results you’ve made so far, I’m very happy for you!! Keep going! 😊
The longer the better....only because I’m loving the warm weather - the return of Leafs hockey means a return to the cold!!
Holy shit were you front row??
Sounds like a statement with absolutely zero proof, made in order to generate some sort of retarded right-wing outrage. Nothing to see here. Off to a great start this year, /r/conspiracy
It’s ectoplasm!
Perfect for when the front falls off!
Sounds like someone hasn’t read the news today.
Isn’t that...illegal?? Shouldn’t he be investigated for corporate fraud?
Wow. What a fucking cunt that chick is. Good for that dude for not giving her the reaction she wanted
**TM**
The best one was Knocked Up. Katherine Heigl came out and tore the movie apart, and instead of that movie being the beginning of her successful movie career, it essentially it was the beginning of the end of her career.
At this rate, it could come out on home video Feb 1st 🤷🏻‍♂️
UGHHHHH fuck.
They TOTALLY practiced that during warm up. I was watching the pre-game show, and it showed Allen tossing him the ball and practice throwing it!
This generations Nickeback.
Oh wow OP, this is a great post, and the reason I sub!! Lots of reading - thank you!
Sucks that we owned the first half....and just like that, the Texans are one score away.
“John Lennen” 🤦🏻‍♂️
As bad a movie Magical Mystery Tour is, as a long form music video, the vignettes work very well.
She’s my favorite 😢 I love her! Would love to see her blow up, so she can do a hosting job once!!
There was a *lot* about Good Owens I didn’t like. Some really terrible special effects and acting. The book was amazing but the show wasn’t great imo. I hope HGTTG is better than Good Omens. EDIT: before I’m downvoted into oblivion for having an opinion, obviously Sheen and Tennant were brilliant. I mean a lot of the supporting cast (especially the children) seemed very wooden and the effects weren’t good.
This is *seriously* the only right option. Rip then to digital, put a slight watermark on it to identify it as your rip, upload to YouTube, make big bucks!
Oh my god his face 😂
Did anyone else notice the subtle edit at the 40 second mark? I've never seen that before - or at least noticed something like that before! EDIT: I'm not sure what type of edit that's called....but he says "I'm looking forward..." &lt;CUT&gt;"...to having some real talk.." &lt;CUT&gt; "....with some real folks"
I’ve seen that clip a bunch of times and just noticed it this morning! 🤷🏻‍♂️
Amazing how Bowie actually looks younger than Noel!
When are these guys gonna do a movie together? We’ve had Farley and Spade, Kattan and Ferrell, so why not Beck and Kyle??
....and Russia https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Korean_Air_Lines_Flight_007
Now a days you’d get Karen from accounting go to HR and complain the sign is racist.
Is that an iOS app?
You know what would fix this? A union. Maybe someone form a union should get in there and help them organize?
What a stupid thing to say. You understand people who are protesting climate change, right? Protesting government inaction? In Australia the PM doesn’t give a monkeys about climate change or climate relief. The Great Barrier Reef is dead. That’s why they protest.
As a royal, she’s had to give up her acting job - which is probably why Harry wants to shy away from being a royal. He loves his wife indeed
Was this from Stroker Ace?
Young people don’t need help from the media to be depressed. ....and depressing songs having been a thing forever.
&gt; Most game developers would go bankrupt trying to put any Beatles songs in their games. *The Beatles Rock Band* I know it was a sort of "partnership" with Apple as opposed to straight licensing deal, but still!
Panic in the streets of London....
FWIW I still don't understand having hip hop artists in the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame. Nor do I agree with having Whitney Houston, Madonna, or pop singers in there. Should Frank Sinatra be inducted? Should Nat King Cole be inducted? Whatever. I'm just glad to see Depeche Mode and Nine Inch Nails in there. Still waiting for Duran Duran to get their nod.
I agree - if you're going to have Whitney Houston in there, who wasn't "rock and roll" - why not have Willie? Biggie and Tupac aren't rock and roll either, yet they're in. Makes no sense!
Out of all the Beatles “looks” this is my favorite.
Funny story - in Canada in the DM CD it’s listed as “Digsey’s Diner” ....so that’s what I call it 😄
Looks like the cover of Pink Floyd’s Meddle
.....as well the whole “don’t be creepy around children” thing.
We should just rename this sub to /r/VictoriaJustice2
This isn’t very good tbh If you’re a “car guy”
So, I remember growing up (I loved just outside Toronto) and as a 7/8 year old watching this, I had absolutely nothing wrong with this or how he acted. In fact every show, when he would pull stuff like this - it was just “expected” When I saw this as an adult, I was horrified. It made me think how much behavior a child will “forgive” from an adult. That this guys wife was the co-host and saw this made me sick.
Yep. If you listen to Sirius (channel 35 for me!) you hear all *sorts* of good new rock.
Hayley Atwell! *swoons*
Holy shit. Great job Kreskin!! Now, how much change do I have in my pocket!! 😄
CNN: *"Other" holds a four point lead on Biden in new California poll"*
Talking only about themselves.
Couldn't get through Season 1. The effects are fantastic, but the writing is just terrible, and the story doesn't ever really "get going". Aside from the obvious "advertisement" that this article is, the show felt boring to me.
I had a mad crunch on her during arrested development....but *man* she does not look good now
https://i.imgur.com/mkONGOw.jpg Right here in the address bar - the two little A’s ....In Safari though!
For a small role, he was *incredible* in Get Out
That dress looks *fantastic* on her, but yeah what did she do to her lips??
I had the same reaction - like “Jesus people won’t shut up about how good it is” ...then I watched it last night. Holy *shit* its incredible. As high as my expectations were, they were *shattered*. So good. Best film of the year for sure.
I used it after Helix completely shit the bed and haven’t had issues at all. Didn’t watch the PPV last weekend though - but it’s been great for me
I got downvoted because I actually had no idea how ambassadors worked. I wasn’t making an argument, and I wasn’t suggesting anything. I was simply asking a question as a non-American who doesn’t know.
“I have something to tell you in confidence Peter. Don’t say anything to anyone.” Peter: “Maybe I should tel the whole group then?”
He just had a new baby in June - so I’m not sure he’d be with the baby without his wife? Who knows. Have to wait and see.
It’s like saying “The Voidz sound like The Strokes” 🙄
Peter: “woah you dated that guy we just saw!! That’s so shitty! I’m so upset” Also Peter: *dating 25 other women* EDIT: good for him for being nice. I’d be *pissed* with the producers though. That’s a shitty thing to do.
That’s what I said! 🤷🏻‍♂️
Nail on the head OP. The fact that people love this franchise, and laud it on /r/movies boggles my fucking mind. I understand it's all about liking what you like....but it makes no sense to me. EDIT: See? Fucking downvotes if you say F&amp;F isn't good.
To be fair, that sums up *most* of the women on the show right now.
I don't have that problem. I have an Nvidia Shield FWIW.
I have an alternate view. If you're stupid enough to follow Gwyneth Paltrow for advice on health and wellbeing, you deserve what you get.
Except it takes two to tango
No one said they were the same, they said we had violent protests too. You’re the one that brought in the comparison - suggesting no one was shot in the face or buildings burned or whatever that it somehow doesn’t count.
She’s showing off how she got into movies!
You attack someone, don’t be surprised when they defend themself. EDIT: downvoted? The kid that got shot physically attacked someone who was not part of the protest.
anyone know who she is? A little public shaming goes a long way!
To be fair - he only has 6 months left until trump’s reign or idiocy is over. IMO there’s no point in poking the sleeping orange bear...wait until he’s voted out then go nuts.
I think it’s more or less because it’s probably a better submission for /r/oldschoolhot than here. You don’t see a lot of old pics on this sub as usually it’s for “newer” pics (although the odd one does sneak in) I’m pretty sure the vast majority of this sub has *zero* clue about her “Hanoi Jane” stuff from the 60’s, so I wouldn’t take it as a personal attack on you!
Oh, absolutely not! Plus there’s be jail time involved I imagine. I just mean for a *lot* of people - someone saying “here’s $50,000 and all you have to do is look the other way while a carload of drugs passes through” would be too good a temptation to pass up! I would hope I’d be the sort of person who would be able to resist that temptation....but who knows!!
Fuck I wish she hadn’t got plastic surgery on her face....she used to be smoldering
Her face is a train wreck but that body👌🏻
She acts like she’s the unhappiest woman on the planet
Forgive my ignorance - so Black Lives Matter is an actual organization, with someone who is like the director of it and there’s an actual membership? I thought it was a slogan or a rallying cry?
Shit - yeah I didn’t mean it to sound like I was taking the owners side! I wasn’t!
It absolutely is. It wasn’t the point of my comment, but you’re right.
Unfortunately TiviMate (or any decent quality IPTV app) is almost non-existent on the Roku So unfortunately unless OP gets decent hardware like a Shield TV you’re stuck with shitty workarounds.
I’m 99% that’s a monkey in a wig.
Ah, the old Reddit monkeyrooooo!
I *really* hope you didn’t use that ketchup - which is essentially nothing but sugar. You may as well just eat spoonfuls of sugar!
I think franks red hot is zero sugar an low/zero carbs? It’s dynamite!!
The Mission - oldie but a goodie. Absolutely one of the most beautiful soundtracks ever made. My second favorite: Scott Pilgrim vs the World
Religion. That there’s some big bearded guy in the sky who gives a shit about who you fuck, who you love, what you eat, and how you live day to day.
HAIM‘s slow turn into Sheryl Crow is almost complete. ...and *man* that RCBF is incredible
Black Magic!
Looks like something Mac DeMarco would 100% wear on stage
Thank you! Not sure what the fuck OP was thinking screenshotting it instead of linking to where he found it 🤦🏻‍♂️
Imagine being such a piece of shit, that you not only believe this...but you wear this shirt, and let someone take a picture of you in it. Really hope these pieces of shit get theirs.
They *really* should have gone with Mike last season instead of fucking Peter. I honestly thought they might have!
In other news, water will go down in history as being wet.
He 100% should have been bachelor last season. With the social climate the way it is, they’ll go with Mike this season for sure.
Funny....I don’t see your helpful recommendation on here? Just pearl clutching and fanning.
Narrator: “*He won’t*”
That her name is Cheyenne really puts the icing on this shit cake. Cake which this woman has eaten a lot of.
“Oh no the dog has taken my top and now everyone will see the boobs I paid a lot of money for!”
Fuck those two racist cunts. Maybe we can just stop talking about them anymore?
“Now playing Witch House by Raccoon City Police Department” That didn’t work like I thought!
So - where do I download this shortcut from?
People that say this shit need to look up “drowning”. Fuck sakes. You can yell “help” or shout while still fucking drowning, asshats.
She’s the Hayden Christensen of actresses.
UGH. I miss the days of the “pro” and “consumer” versions of hardware, which you could customize further if you wanted to online.
It was. I saw it everywhere, even in my local paper.
This is a fairly old video isn’t it? These guys are great though!
Like....he’s not even trying to hide it anymore. Fucking Nazi.
TPTB must *really* not like Mike. Fans have been saying before and during Peter’s season that Mike should be the bachelor, and I instead they pick this guy. Seems odd...but what do I know!
Jesus fucking Christ. I am so sick of this conversation. “THERES NOT ENOUGH BLACK PEOPLE IN THE BACHELOR” *TPTB casts a black man as Bachelor* “OMG HES NOT BLACK ENOUGH” I would just love it if we could simply enjoy whoever is picked as the Bachelor. Yes I like Mike and think he would have been *way* better a choice but I’m well past the point of caring.
Then a super deluxe edition of London Town?
She’s 100% a gold digging whore who was unlucky enough that her husband became president. She just wanted to spend his money, go on exotic vacations, hang out with other rich idiots, and fuck the occasional boy toy.
K-k-k-k-k-ill m-m-m-m-eeeeee
John Lennon never actually “covered” the song - he was interviewed on a radio station about the movie and quickly sang the words “cheese and onions”....it was a very spur of the moment sort of thing.
&gt; Not a single scandal ....her and Will Smith were reported to have had an affair during the making of Focus. Not the worst thing in the world by any stretch though.!
Oh absolutely!! You’re right that she keeps herself with class and poise and it doesn’t seem like fake has got to her head! It’s nice she isn’t tabloid fodder!
Such a great response!
The genie is out of the bottle now - states won’t close again.
When the Dems get into power they *need* to pass some sort of “truth in news” bill that would make Fox News have to stop calling themselves “news” and actually get fines and jail time for constant incorrect reporting
The band “the verve pipe” went by the name “the verve” without knowing there was already a band called that in the U.K. (that had released albums in the US). Bush had to call themselves “Bush X” in the USS because a previous band was called that. You can’t excuse the band for not knowing about little known blues singer called “Lady A”. EDIT: I get it. We have Google and Spotify. And to be fair, “Lady A” does sound like something that already would have been taken.
Welp. Looks like I’m out of the loop...no idea what is going on. EDIT: looks like Chris Harrison said something?
I think I would love to see her in a bikini out in the pool area....so....yeah! I’m in!
Literally the PSVR game I've been asking for since the SW:BF Xwing level. I'm 100% going to preorder this!!
Better than not being acknowledged at all though amirite? At least you still have a job.
I know it’s gotta be a *super* tough job - so many come in constantly!
“It’s a bad idea because some people are bad with money” 🤦🏻‍♂️
I think the accent and the fact he was yelling “Chelsea” made that obvious?
I believe /r/IPTVscams is where you should post this (just in case it gets removed)
Wow...that’s very *very* good. Nailed those harmonies.
Awesome. I just hope it comes in black! :/
....oh now *that* would be cool af!
For me - most beautiful woman on the planet, no question.
Why does this chick keep getting posted lol She always looks awkward as hell
He did get something from that movie though - Blake Lively!
Jesus Christ - how old am I when someone says “the guy from better call Saul” as opposed to Michael McKean. Dude is a classic comic actor!
...and each one of them a stone cold fox!
Legit thought it was a gay wedding photo.
Probably a good thing, otherwise we’d be like the US and have most of us either fucked completely, or still waiting for our assistance to come.
FYI She’s the reason Tom Cruise is a Scientologist
Wow dude.
Fucking finally. Piece of shit. Glad he likes hugs....he’s gonna get a lot where he’s going!
&gt; my wife didn’t qualify for it So you have no frame of reference for this conversation then. We’re talking about whether CERB qualifies as stealing - which it doesn’t - so thanks for chiming in champ - you can see your way out.
Other than the crazy.
I think that’s exactly how most of us would look walking around with a smokeshow like that on your arm! 😄 Like a man that just robbed a bank, walking around with a million dollars in his arm! EDIT: I’ve seen a lot of people say “Man, that Tyler is so lucky!” But he’s a good looking guy with a lot of personality so it isn’t luck! 😄
I’m a straight dude and I think Tyler is hot af! 🤷🏻‍♂️ They’re *super* attractive!
...old, beat-ass, Lindsay Lohan. Looks 45.
Plot twist: none of the returning people will be “all stars”.
“Lock her up! Lock her up!” ....wait - why aren’t they chanting that now?
Well obviously. If it’s an all-star season why would she be back? She was a fucking plug on her season?
So I wonder if you can charge or sue an office for an improper or illegal stop?
...and not hated in an Evel Dick “villain” sort of way but legit hated - and not just because they stole money fromKevin during a concert charity fundraiser. You wonder if Boogie is right that they’re involved simply because they’re POC and CBS will want to have a more “diverse” cast - and not because Swaggy and Bayleigh are actually good or bring anything to the table. There’s so many other POC they could bring back that would be better, that would make the show interesting. EDIT: I’m really not sure why CBS likes these two. Even brought them back last season for an appearance. They’re awful people.
“Welp it’s time for my monthly COVID-19 booster shot! “ - humanity for the rest of enternity
Kudos to us then!! 😄
I honestly hope this election totally destroys the Christian Right. We aren’t living in the Middle Ages any more....religion shouldn’t rule politics on the 21st century anymore.
To be fair, pulling out is a standard practice for the Christian Right.
&gt; The album debuts at the top with 21,000 chart sales, 10,000 of which were on vinyl, Remember the days when album sales were measured in “hundreds of thousands” as opposed to tens of thousands? I downloaded it on Apple Music - which I’m subscribed to - so I wonder if that counts as a “sale”?
It’s the game I’ve wanted on VR since the Xwing level on the BF1 game came out. Cannot wait!!
Better get on playing it then!!!
Ozymadias was in it though? Are you sure you watched it?
With a lot of people being asymptomatic, and in close contact with each other, the chances of keeping everyone on a team completely negative has to be close to zero.
The fuck is with all these Avril posts...her publicity company working overtime I guess huh?
Yep! Let everyone know you’re a tourist who doesn’t speak the language! In no way does that paint a target on you! /s
Interesting that the mods have hidden this. I think something is going on.
What if Glassman ignores this though?
He looks like how we’ve all been feeling the last three years with him in power.
Lol Gross. I’ll keep my money thanks.
1) He *wishes* that foreign countries would rig this election for him. 2) He 100% will lose the election, and then claim it was rigged. I bet money that he doesn't leave peacefully, or his followers don't accept the outcome.
She’s hot enough that guys wanna fuck her - but too crazy for someone to want to get her pregnant. I wouldn’t brag about that if I was her. 😄 She’s not “Mrs right” she’s “Mrs right now”
Maybe he’s claiming that because he’s actively trying to rig the election.. “The election is rigged!” “How do you know Mr. President?” “Because I’m trying to rig it!”
I thought it was free to watch on youtube??
Now *that* is a fucking movie detail. Well done OP!!!!!
The Bee Gees were fucking awesome I don’t care what anyone says. Those songs *move.*
It is such a great show. One episode in and it *nails* the esthetic perfectly. Gotta be honest though - his Mexican girlfriend is a wee bit...”mannish”...for my tastes 🤷🏻‍♂️
...neither of which is ever said about Swaggy or Bayleigh :D
I don’t know why you got downvoted! I’ve read about that whole thing....it did effectively kill disco!
1996
No. He didn’t. It’s *painfully* fake - from the placement of the TV to the exaggerated standing up and grabbing of stuff behind him.
This isn’t a lockout due to a contract/CBA dispute. This is all sports across North America going dark for the last 3 months because of this COVID virus. Personally I don’t give a shit what they’re fighting about or what their demands are...I just *really* want to watch fucking sports again. I’m not even a basketball fan, but if it came back tomorrow, I’d watch every goddamn game. We’re starving for it. Can’t wait for it to come back!
UGH as a Bills fan with high hopes this season I hope they play it out and it all goes okay!!
Totally forgot about that show! I was able to make it through two episodes before I gave up. So terrible! 😄
This list doesn’t contain Swaggy or Bayleigh....so it’s invalid.
I'm wondering if OP meant the 2012 remaster? It was released on bluray!
lol swapping one dictatorship for another!
...because they haven’t called me yet! /s
Fucking good on that black kid for not retaliating against that fuck wad. Classy move walking away - the dudes bark was obviously way worse than his bite.
Fucking lol. Here’s another headline “professional baby sitter, shitty BB player and all around shitty person isn’t invited to participate in an all-star season of BB” Thank fuck he won’t be involved. I was super worried I wounding be able to actually stomach watching it. EDIT: ....lots of Swaggy C fans downvoting I see!! :D
“Defense lawyer says defendant isn’t guilty” Well color me shocked
To be fair, we’re only one episode in...I mean there’s probably going to be a character arc I imagine 😄
Pizza Margherita is essentially a pizza with just cheese (or different cheeses). So Paul asking Liam if he wanted a Margarita (drink) Liam though he was being offered pizza 😄 EDIT: sorry - thought you asked “what’s the joke” not “that’s the joke”
I mean....yeah...she looks 39? Not like Kate Beckinsale that is actually aging in reverse.
On the side for dipping!
You don’t have to wear a bra though? What a terrible comparison.
What is wrong with police officers? Seriously.
Yeah it’s pretty much the standard opinion of this sub to *never* buy a Mag box. That sucks man!
*pssst* - just an FYI this article is talking about an airline laying off part of its workforce - not how a province should handle its economic diversity. I understand Albertans love making everything about themselves - but this ain’t the time my man.
They didn’t Call her “the Body” for nothing!
Oh this isn’t good at all.
How the *fuck* does someone manage to get her phone number?? ...and then who has the gall to actually call her? Man, people can be awful.
So why hasn’t Apple removed it from the App Store yet?
That’s alright!! Have an upvote! 😄
I mean...you just have to look at the results of the last presidential election, and who voted for an orange reality show host to see the amount of morons is actually in the tens of millions.
Oh by no means am I saying every American is dumb - as well as the last election there’s proof that the majority of Americans aren’t! I think there’s just way too many dummies, and that’s a real shame - because I fucking *love *America! Just seeing what’s going down for the last few years is tragic.
Nicolas Cage in “I Will Act in Anything for Money”
The Beatles have had Top 40 albums in every decade so far...except this decade. I’m sure by 2030, they’ll release an album that will hit the top 40 though.
Fair enough! Not being a dick at all...just wondering! Have a good day my man!!
As a Canadian the thought of it being called “NFL Canada”? UGH i think I threw up in my mouth a little. Just fold the fucking league and throw an NFL team in Toronto already...Jesus. There’s only 8 teams and no one East of Winnipeg gives a *shit* about the CFL. Just let it die already. EDIT: although the Grey Cup is always a*dynamite* football game and I’d live to see some CFL rules adopted in the NFL
