The closest to me would be in NYC; one of them doesn't have it, and their game selection is small (they mostly do traded in books and movies) but the Wii u is one of their smallest sections. The other has it for like $70.
Awesome! Seriously, thanks for the reply. I had no idea you could switch between the two characters, that's usually a game mechanic I enjoy (when done well). I also didn't know they went back to straight up zombies. I did enjoy the goop-monsters in R1 though, and some of the other monsters/bosses were pretty great too. Honestly the only event I really couldn't stand were the Hunters (the lizard looking monsters).
Never bothered me much
I've played AC3 and wasn't much of a fan, but I'd totally pick up a portable Black Flag based on all the good things I've heard.
I just posted to 3DS deals, Link Between World's is currently $16.89 on Amazon. I've been meaning to play it so I literally just bought it. Spreading the word for anyone who skipped it for so long like I did.
Full-full price? Or the reduced Nintendo Selects price? Cuz oof....
Shit another gem I've missed... Must resist temptation !
But how often do Nintendo titles go for less than $20? I remember when GameStop was trying to clear out their GameCube selection and Mario/Zelda definitely remained over $20 while I picked up Simpson's Hit and Run for like $3.
Trust me that's what I've planned on doing all along. Back when I bought it I knew that if I could sink over 150hrs into XC for Wii, I'd easily do the same with XC2, and with Zelda and Mario still on my backlog when it came out, I planned to play it this winter just cuz I know I'd be able to sink more time in. Granted I wasn't expecting Smash to release this year, and then I thought "oh I'll be able to juggle both. XC2 for my meaty, story based Time Sink, and Smash for my quick pick up and play sessions, and occasional mutliplayer" and I'd be fine right? Wrong. World of Light is throwing my plans for a loop! I will say though that post like yours have me really excited to start this game!
I'm kind of hoping that's what they announce. I don't know why they haven't yet I feel like by the time they do it won't ship for the holidays. Oh and gimme a muppet Maso too!
&gt;&gt; But how often do Nintendo titles go for less than $20? &gt; &gt;You realize this is $20 regular price, right? Yes, and most physical retailers don't go below that price outside of special promotions like the BOGO you mentioned, which is only a deal if you intend to buy multiple games anyway. The select price is $19.99 so finding it even cheaper is always nice, even if it's just a few dollars. &gt;Everything else Yeah you don't need to lecture me about GameStop, I haven't given them my money in over a decade for every single issue you pointed out, it's just they're synonymous with used games so it's the easiest example to throw out. I can name some local independent stores near me that you'd never heard of and also tell you how their used games go for just as much as GameStop, but it just wouldn't get the point across.
&gt;&gt; Yes, and most physical retailers don't go below that price outside of special promotions like the BOGO you mentioned &gt; &gt;Not true. Historically speaking the games have been on sale for $13-15 numerous times on their own as I mentioned. I'm not trying to be a dick but please tell me where you shop. I'd love to pick up new copies of nintendo games below $20. I'm very serious, I'd rebuy games like donkey Kong tropical freeze for my switch off I know where to look.
Very much this. At my old place with shitty internet provided by the landlord I couldnt play many online games even with the LAN adapter. I'm in my own place now and I went for the fastest internet available and my wifi gaming has been better than any of my wired attempts at the old place. I still have the LAN adapter and plan on using it for Smash.
Here's hoping it makes it!
No you didn't..
Oh I'm sure I'd like it mechanically because I do love Injustice and know they're responsible for it, I've just been out of MK since like MK4. I won't care about any new characters and I don't hold an affinity towards the classics looked Scorpion or Sun Zero the way I do characters like Batman and Nightwing. I'm sure I'll pick it up eventually just to have a more standard fighter in my library.
I'm going to try my hardest to play smash, but I have a full weekend ahead of me weigh family stuff and adulting...ugh
8 player smash: Ryu + Ken vs Scorpion + Sub-Zero Mario vs Sonic Link vs Cloud
As the only dad (left) on the avengers, he'd totally do a fart and think it's funny. Hulk, assuming he still pretty much a 5year old, will totally think it's funny and discover a new power when he farts and knocks the team 2 states away.
Hence "only dad left" since it seems likely Hawkeyes family went poof
No. Definitely their worst, too disjointed. Maybe 2 good songs but the rest feel like they could have been polished if the band was actually working together.
Yeah that was usually Tom though
No, I think he meant DMX
Exactly, as long as a switch version is considered and developed alongside other platforms, there's no reason why a 3rd party game can't make it. Say what you will about specs, but it all boils down to whether a developer/publisher considers the switch as an option fist and foremost. If the Avengers game (this is the first I'm hearing about it btw) was already well into development before the switch was even announced, then sure I could see it not coming to the platform. But if development was still in early stages or if the publisher demands it because they see sales potential, it can make it over.
No of course not, but that's why I included publisher demands as well. It wouldn't make sense to start a new production on switch specific assets if the current project is well under way, but if the publisher decides it, they can. Might not make sense to, especially in situations where a game is held back for a simultaneous release, or if the switch port releases SO much later than the other versions that it doesn't sell. Just pointing out that games like MK11 and Doom Eternal seem to be examples of current games being viable for switch when a lot of people (pre launch, some even to this day) believe release parity just wasn't going to be a thing. Granted we still don't know if either of those two examples will release side by side with their PS4/xbo counterparts, but as a switch gamer it's great to see these games being announced with switch in mind as opposed to a switch version being an afterthought. I know a lot of people joked about that recent Reggie interview where he says red dead isn't on switch because the game was well into development before the switch was even a thing, but there is some truth to that. Development cycles are syncing up so that these releases don't HAVE to skip the switch. There just has to be incentive to make it happen, and the switch has proven itself sales wise.
I agree. This plus tying digital purchases to a single Nintendo account so they could carry over across Nintendo platforms. Call me crazy, but I feel there's more incentive to buy digitally if my library would carry over. I bought a ton of VC and Wii Ware games, then when they didn't transfer over to Wii U, I only bought like... 4 games? And I had a Wii U since day 1. With the Switch being portable there's more incentive to buy digitally since I can have my library in one place, but I'd end up spending tons more if I knew I could log into my switch 2 down the road and redownload everything.
I didn't scroll passed mega man x. Didn't even bother. He's my guy.
Still depends on the game though. Smash and Mario Kart? I would never think of trading those in, great pick up and play games too. Odyssey and Zelda? I still wouldn't trade them in but since I know I won't play then much post completion, at least I have the option of lending out.
Not the person you're replying too, but the way I took their statement is that when one preorders, you're agreeing to take a risk on a product. I agree that consumer's should have rights and protections against bad business practices (like broken buggy games released to the purchasing public, just one example) but this person's not wrong either. Pre-ordering games can be a risk and no one is forcing a consumer to do so. There are incentives, sure, but it's not like a game is only available via pre-order and once you miss that window, your chance is gone forever. Consumers should have rights and protections in place but should also be responsible; so if you live somewhere like the US, don't pre-order and you won't feel cheated.
I saw Walk Hard in theaters and wasn't a big fan. It was fun but I feel like it was just okay. Years later I started remembering the absurdity of it all and quoting it to some friends who hadn't seen it. Decided to rent the disc off Netflix and had a movie night with everyone and man... Instant favorite the second time around. It's an AMAZING comedy. Soundtrack is awesome too.
Yet somehow those Hangover movies kept people coming back for more...I don't get how they got so popular.
I don't know what happened to my DVD copy to check if that's the version I have. Guess that means I'll treat myself to a new copy. Edit: oh and "second" time? I've watched it dozens of times by now.
It's a sad truth but nobody likes you when you're 23... But you like you, and that's all that really matters. I'm happy to hear you're at such a place in life, and early in life too! Some people never reach that, you should be proud.
Super fucking robot.
Honestly with Mega Man and Simon Belmont now in the game, the only other childhood favorites I'd want to see but don't necessarily expect to be in would be: Geno (obviously) and either Mega Man X or Zero. Proto Man would be cool as a clone for Mega Man, but I feel like X or Zero could play significantly different than OG Mega Man, Zero especially. Hell throw then both in and make them clones of each other, and X can still use the Z-saber since he did in X3 and X5. The only other characters I can think of from NES/SNES era that I consider legacy type characters for Smash would be... Contra dudes, and while I'm not the biggest fan of the series I can't deny how cool it would be to have a Contra rep in Smash. We have enough sword fighters, let's balance it out by adding more shooters!
Doesn't Platinum have some of the rights? And Platinum was formed by some staff that left Capcom, if I'm not mistaken.
Which is why it's stranger that a piranha plant got in before him, but honestly I can't be too mad since it's another unique moveset Sakurai came up with. Toads moves might feel more generic by comparison. I will admit though I haven't played captain toad so I don't know if he does anything unique in that game, I'm just imagining toad from Mario Bros 2.
Shake shake!
I get to play as Shinobu...AND Bad Girl?!! Best news ever.
Nice! One of my favorite games ever, but I never expected Courage Man as a tattoo.
Now THAT'S dope.
Wow this is beautiful
Never heard of that theory, I'll definitely check it out, thanks.
Safety. Safety first. Then teamwork.
Yes! I dunno why I find it so funny but it's one of my favorite lines. I drop it all the time and I don't think anyone even remember where it's from anymore and they just think I'm weird.
Yup that's another one of my favorites. I dunno why it feel out of favor, it's so good.
I don't normally watch let's plays but I saw Spawnwave give it a shot and it looked fun! It's been on my wish list for a while now and post like this encourage me to buy it but.... My friend wants to get a switch, I may get them one for their birthday, so I'm thinking maybe I'll download it for them since they love both RPGs and cats way more than I do. I'll just play it after they finish it or something.
Here's hoping you all get to spend some time with friends, loved ones, and your favorite games.
If you're old enough to get into the bars I'd hope your balls have already dropped.
If that's the case just do what I did and listen to their Best of. Has a mix of both, across all their albums, and chances are if they like a particular song you can listen to the album is from and fall in love. Or just listen to Disintegration&lt;3
Welcome to the club bro. I'm so happy with mine.
[And how come Batman doesn't dance anymore](https://youtu.be/JJdXMrFRDGk#t=0m35s)
This is so cute!
Thank you for NOT including Metroid Prime 4. I keep seeing comments here and YouTubers saying it's 2019 as if it's set in stone.
Ask anyone I know, I've always said this is going on my "I have 24hrs to live so I'm gonna get into a big police chase" playlist.
Radar love (duh) Pacific Coast Highway (kavinsky) Hocus Pocus (focus) Light up the Night (the protomen) Just to babe a few...
And you have to be damn charming to pull off being annoyed about it, like say Paul Rudd types who seem to have fun with interviewers. Otherwise you're just constantly acting which is just draining. If anyone enjoys the press tours they're probably super egotistical.
I know I did. Met a girl I'd been talking to a while for some sexy times. Couldn't do the full deed but sexy times were had (long story) we continued talking a bit but then we we're both dating other people to try something again. Flash forward like 8 years later and we dated for 2 years and got all the pent up frustration of not being able to pop that cherry outta my system. Good times!
My first job was in a mall and they were cool with dyed hair, so my brother (a hair stylist) was all too happy to give me a crazy new look to start my first day with. Half my head was a bright red color, the other half was my natural black. On my lunch break, a measly 15mins, I didn't have anything to do since I was broke and couldnt afford to feed myself, so I just sat on a bench not too far from my store. Some girl saw me and said my hair was really cool, I said thanks, then she asked if she could take a picture with me. I was confused but said sure, and her grandma took a pic. I was pretty shy at the time so I didn't even think to ask for a name or contact info or even just say hey email me that! I was just like "uh...ok" and let it all happen. Fifteen years later and when I pass that store I still think about it. Like I think she has a bit of a southern accent so maybe she's not use to seeing punkers where she's from? Did she do it mockingly to show her friends and family the "freak" she saw at a mall? Is that picture I'm someone's closet somewhere to this day??? Life's weird like that.
That's what I'm hoping for tbh
Best username
You're not alone. I usually hate these types of shows, but Taffers just got that personality that draws me in. I love seeing him be a hard ass, but I also love seeing him be happy turning a bar sounds. He comes off pretty genuine. I haven't had cable in years though so I haven't caught the show in a while. I heard they did one in my home town but I never caught it.
[hashtag 69 dude's!](https://youtu.be/zYWT4uYOPvs)
Honestly, no. Ever since I started doing laundry I've found a way to make it "me" time. I mostly listen to music but in more recent years I've also bright my 3DS or Switch to the laundromat, it even a sketchbook and distract myself while the machines are going. As for the folding itself, again I have music no matter what do I kinda zone it during that part of it, and I guess working retail for 2 years paid off because I tend to fold pretty fast.
&gt;If your SO isn't down for you to yell "THIS IS THE FIRST" while blasting Blink-182 right After Midnight then she aint the one bro. FTFY
Aww
So when Tom says "big things coming" what he actually means is... Eww
The bassline did, and I dunno how but I JUST now noticed the guitar chords are totally Boys Don't Cry.
And after recently learning about some DED drama, it feels to me like he only wanted to do that EP as a means to promote Modlife.
Yeah but if he wants to push out AVA EPs that's fine, he's the only one in charge of that band. But to get blink in the studio, demand he work around his schedule so that he can try and get an exclusive release for his social media website, that's a different story.
They could have released it indipendently on their own website, not modlife exclusively. Plus how would that have worked? I remember you had to have a paid subscription to modlife, would the EP have been "free" with subscription or would you have to buy it on top of your monthly fee? Not shitting on the guy, I just agree with the other band members that blinks music should be available to everyone.
World of Light recently got me hooked after putting it down for a few months
Thanks for the link. Might have to go to this, even if I go alone.
I'll never forget that night
I would guess I play about 60% docked vs 40% handheld these days. It's been long enough with my switch that I feel more comfortable taking it out of the house for some casual gaming in my lunch break, etc. I only play specific games handheld though. Usually the Indies, or just simpler games. Like the last 3 games I was juggling were Xenoblade 2, Dandara and No More Heroes. Xenoblade obviously runs way better docked, and I've only played it handheld about twice, and that's for random questing and level grinding. I'd rather progress the story while staring at my big TV. Dandara and NMH however I played almost exclusively handheld. Dandara being sprite based looks super clean in either mode, and NMH purposefully rough around the edges style lends itself better to handheld. There's a few games that are a 50/50 split though, like Mario Kart and now Smash. I didnt own 3ds smash, never expected myself to play it handheld but I started playing spirit board recently in handheld, which lead me to go back and finish world of Light and now I play both those almost exclusively handheld, while I save online or couch multiplayer for docked mode. It's pretty great, honestly, and I've been a switch owner since launch day with zero issues, not even joycon drift. Maybe I should make a whole post about how I love my switch and it's changed gaming for me forever and saved my marriage and relationship with my kids 🤔
I could be wrong because it's been awhile but I feel like they played it during the Bored to Death tour, when I saw them in New Mexico.
Should I add an /s? Cuz I thought it was heavily implied sarcasm.
Like I said, I could be wrong, but I feel like I remember them playing it because I remember feeling like one of the few people who sang along. Asked my buddy who went with me to that show if he remembers but he hasn't responded yet.
And another week until e3 right? Good luck!
That last part was a joke. Spend more than a day on this sub and you'll see so many "Nintendo switch rekindled my interest in gaming!" Or "Nintendo switch cured my depression!" Or "Nintendo switch is god among console" type post. Granted, I haven't seen them in a while so I'm assuming the mods have tried their best to curb thanks kind of post, hence a mod asking me NOT to make that kind of post. It really is a great console but chances are of you're in this sub, you've already heard all it's praises, so those types of post are unnecessary.
As a father, I think he brings something new to comic book movies and TV shows podcasts. Him being the father that is, I don't have kids, so his insight into big sandwiches is fascinating
Well that sucks. I love the song, find myself humming it every so often and when I do play it I end up playing it on repeat. Especially now that the weather is nicer and I can drive with the windows down, volume up. Great summer vibe to the song and if there's anything blink does best, it's the youthful summer vibes. I'm totally stoked to great what else they have in store.
Wish I had that. Work makes me feel like I'm six feet underneath my misery.
Niiice
Are you gonna stick around or will your username hold true
There's enough footage out there for him to be digitally reconstructed. But that they should.
Fuck your potato! My yam is way better! /s
Nah, because it was an instant favorite when the album came out and fuck all the negativity.
I mean I'm a huge cure fan (thanks mostly to blink) so I'll gladly take any cover they do. My only regret in life was not being able to see them perform with Robert Smith back during that tour. I'd give up my penis for them to do a proper studio album of nothing but Cure covers, with Matt or Tom I don't give a fuck. Pretty sure Alk3 covered a Cure song so Matt is likely a Cure fan too, so yeah. If only.
Sigh I guess it only lasted a day? I'm at my Walmart right now and it's not marked down, isn't reflected in the website either so I can't really argue it. Edit: looks like it's the 3ds version that's $27.50 not the switch version. Oh well.
I haven't played a mainline Pokemon game since the original Red, and this has me excited to jump back in. This is what I would have wanted Pokemon in a home console to be. With that said, I'm a little disappointed at the legendary's design, at least for the Sword character. I assumed they'd incorporate a sword and shield into their designs since the titles were announced, and the shield character is similar to what I envisioned, but for sword... I dunno, I think it's kinda lame that it's a wolf carrying a sword in it's mouth vs a sword bring implemented on its body. A sword tail would have been cooler IMO.
Oh I've heard
Must have, site and I'm store have it for $32.80 but the 3ds was showing $27.60. Could have been a mistake and they caught it.
When did he say "mind-blowing"? The tweet I remember quoting was that people shouldn't be so quick to judge/hate something, he replied something along the lines of "yeah I know, just wait until Friday"
I just started chapter 8 if XC2. Loving every minute if this game, bought the torna dlc for $20 when Target made that mistake and I'm excited to play that, but, I think I'll have to give the series a small break so I don't burn myself out. So torna may have to wait. With that said, I don't want to make the same mistake whenever the next game comes out; where I have it sitting on my shelf for a year before I end up playing it. Now that I'm really into it, there's sooo many games coming out.. ugh. I know it's first world problems, but still.
Well, it was for the director
&gt; i was definitely disappointed that there weren't very many different species of pokemon. I kinda felt this way too, but to be honest I'm only really familiar with the original 151 (I never played passed v original Red). I just took it as a cost issue. May have been cheaper to model/render a certain amount of Pokemon types and have then fill the world than do, what is it now, like over 800 types?.. and find ways to shoe horn then in or waste the effort in simply putting more of them in the background. If anything, I'll gladly watch a sequel, not for the story, but just to see more Pokemon realized in this more realistic style. So they ya go Hollywood, you've got me $15 bucks just to see more of my favorite Pokemon no matter the quality of the story or acting. Guess Pokemon really does make you feel like a kid.
Couldn't remember the details, but yeah. $20 is still great for what I'm hearing is at least a 40hr dlc
I keep hearing people say 40hrs so yeah, well worth the money.
How long did it take you? What's your play style like?
Because Suda is clearly the type to do what he wants and seems to be speaking about his struggles with game development, through Travis, in some of the games monologues. I think it was the Serious Moonlight bits where he mentions wanting do something cool or crazy with the shadows of the damned but being held back by publishers. He expresses frustration about working that way and why he admires the indie approach. The whole thing is basically about Suda. Think it's safe to say that Travis leaving behind his title as #1 assassin to go be alone on the woods is how Suda was feeling after working with big publishers like EA. Also, since Grasshopper published TSA themselves, as an indie studio it makes sense that the sales of the game would dictate if/when NMH3 happens. Suda probably wants to keep publishers hands off NMH, and while they can work on some pre-production stuff, the game development itself would wait until they know what kind of have budget they'd be working with.
[speak English, doc, we ain't scientist!](https://youtu.be/SDIk9DOro4A#t=2m03s)
Damn. I'd rather be team chaos, but marina is my girl. Decisions decisions...
The most recent example I can give was back in like 2010 or 2011. Met this girl, we had similar interest including video games. I forget how it happened, but I remember being at her house playing borderlands 2 when the conversation came up that I, at the time, only owned a Wii and whatever game I was currently playing through. She literally laughed in my face and said something along the lines of "oh so you don't play REAL video games" and I was taken aback for so many reasons. Like, 1. You're an adult, not some schoolyard bully. Why are you mocking my preference in games? 2. How ignorant are you if you don't recognize Mario, Zelda and Metroid are some of the biggest names in gaming and all appeared on the system. Sure there's a conversation to be had about all the party games, waggle games, but to say the Wii didn't have "real" video games was so absurd and juvenile.
Have you checked out tropical freeze? It's even better and harder!
When you faint after draining your PP but she still using leech seed
I didn't think either of the monsters looked that cool tbh, but yeah the protagonist was laughably bad.
Sakurai himself mentioned that the next DLC character will be revealed
I mean links Awakening will be playable so there's that
I wonder if I can beat marks ass in 1v1
I was about to call you out until the edit. I'm not even a banjo fan but the nostalgia came rushing back when I saw him. Everything else they showed was awesome too though.
Wow. Just wow. No more heroes 3 confirmed and looks great, New Zelda not just confirmed but actually shown off which makes me think it could release next year since they're obviously using the BotW engine. Astral chains is, well, off the chain and releasing so soon, and animal crossing looks adorable and I'm in no way disappointed it's delayed because god damn do I have too many games to play this year. Fuuuuck.
That was my hope. When they show then being separated I was hoping they'd show gameplay of Zelda in action but if well. Maybe next e3!
Lackluster how though? Did we watch the same direct? There were announcements in there that, while I might not play myself, are awesome to be available for other switch owners. I thought it was great!
So that GameXplain guy Totally called it...
No, unless they do a crazy surprise announcement later today. The only NMH game on switch currently is Travis Strikes again which is a spinoff and plays VERY differently than the mainline games. Edit: GameXplain had (another!) Interview with Suda51 and asked him if he had any plans to bring 1 and 2 to switch, sudas answer was (assuming jokingly) that he would call up Marvelous after the interview to discuss it.
I would definitely recommend them if you have a Wii or Wii u to play them on. There's a PS3 version but I've heard the port job is really bad.
And people were seriously thinking Animal Crossing wouldn't be shown. I wish this would be a lesson to those naysayers not they're probably either in full Bliss mode watching the treehouse or starting e-riots because it's delayed.
So the enemy's motives might be too spill Links blood on ganons ashes... Side scrolling botw sequel confirmed!
Honestly it's about time. It could open up some awesome new gameplay mechanics to further break from the series formula, with Zelda using more magic based attacks for example. If I get Cadence of Hyrule I'll be playing exclusively Zelda.
And if you're playing without AC for authenticity, you'll also have to piss on bottles for authenticity.
Wasn't that Xenoblade Chronicles X?
It's constantly $5 on steam too
&gt;Matt never shows up at all. Can we make a "where the fuck is Matt Skiba?" Shirt?
This is really good
I've consistently heard it has frame rate issues and is the Japanese censored version of the game. Framerate issues on what should have been an easy Wii port = bad
Yup that's the one. Couldn't remember if it was from the games themselves or if it was part of their company logo
Only a Nintendo deals in absolutes.
Secret of Mana collection, Witcher 3, no more heroes 3, BotW sequel?
The legend of Zelda: breath of the wild presents: Gannon &amp; Groose
I mean, I played BotW and was murdered countless times. Not even by enemies half the time.
Raining, took a tumble off a cliff, ran out of stamina, tried to use bomb arrows near death mountain...
And that day is 24hrs away! (Cadence of Hyrule) Unless you count smash.
The champion's powers were the closest things to Link using magic in the game.
"theres a frog, eat it!"
No way I'd it coming out this year. If they were confident it was coming out in 2019 they would have at least stuck an "available winter 2019" at the end. This was a teaser reveal and nothing more. No gameplay, no release dates subject to change but people will take as gospel only to be disappointed if it had to change. Late 2020 the earliest is my bet, and hopefully no later than 2021.
I'm hoping so too. With how nintendo has been ever so slightly better listening to fan demand, knowing that Aunuma has addressed or acknowledged the BotW rumors from it's first reveal that Link could have been a woman, allowing a 3rd party indie game to not only make a Zelda game but make Zelda playable... I'd say it's at least a 50/50 chance, where it never would have happened with previous games. BotW proved they're willing to experiment with the formula, and it's one of the highest selling Zelda titled in recent memory. Building off that engineer, reusing certain assets is great to get a new game out faster but I don't think they'll go cookie cutter sequel route. Playable or not, having Zelda part of the gameplay could spice things up significantly and I'm really excited to see what they could cook up if they actually do this.
By giving her hair shorter than links?
Hey, as long as they're not charging for long sleeves, I'm okay with then doing this. The moment they start doing micro transactions for additional paths or colors for shirt designs, I'm out!
That's what I'm hoping for but definitely not this year. This year is packed as is, and why would they in a million years release Links Awakening in September and follow it up with Botw2 between October and December? Edit: just realized you're not the other guy, rip-tide, so that's more of a rhetorical question lol
I agree with some of your points but clearly they were experimenting with the Zelda formula. Aunuma said it himself. They wanted to move away from traditions such as needing key items from one dungeon to beat another which lead to linearity. They also experimented by making the game world more "open air" than "open world" thus taking verticality into play when designing the world. So yes, while I agree botw was the most similar title to the original in terms of exploration, it's still experimental in it's in right and definitely goes against what many feel was a winning Zelda formula, albeit a stale one. To this day lots of people's biggest grioes with the game was it's lack of traditional dungeons, which was a bold step for them to essentially remove. Then you have the weapons system. No more standard sword, boomerang, hookshit, bomb, bow with minor upgrades to either power or capacity. Say what you will about item breakage but it definitely encouraged myself and others to use items in different ways than we would have if the game was more traditional. Oh and don't forget the various costumes/armors. How many mainline Zelda titles do you recall that we're shown off where link DIDNT have his standard green clothes? I think you're giving it way too little credit.
Agreed!
Haha I wanted to add that to my comment but I couldn't remember which if the cdi games it was.
Does he mention animal crossing much? If he doesn't, it's not Mark.
Man I totally agree with you. Or o would have when I was 12. Then I grew up, listened to other music outside of a single genre, especially because said genre was becoming something gross and unfamiliar. I hope one day you stop being worked up over such trivial things.
Trying and forcing are two different things. I forget where I read/heard it recently but supposedly for DED they came to the studio and Tom had most of it written and just wanted them to record it. That's not cool when you're in a band like blink where they've historically written together. If Tom wanted to do that for Box Car or Angels, so be it because those are pretty much 99% Tom. If it's true, that's not Tom "trying" to change their sound, thats Tom dictating what their sound is.
Gotcha, definitely has more, but also has new. The fact that they were willing to decorate from what OoT, MM*, WW, TP, and SS did before it says a lot though. *MM changed up the the formula slightly but that was a creative choice made by trying to get the game out asap. 4 main dungeons but a shit ton of side quest, reminds me of something...
Yes and no. I didn't see them as magic because they're related closely to the shiekha slate which is ancient technology. Blah blah blah that line from Thor about magic being science you don't understand etc, but with a Zelda equivalent to a modern tablet, giant machines running on cog's and other moving bits, the runes were supposed to lean towards technology within the game world vs the main we've seen before. A very advance SciFi like technology, but technology none the less. This is why the champion's abilities qualify more as magic, in my book at least. Mysticism and spiritualism fall under the magic umbrella because they're not explained as much as sheikha tech is in this world.
So that's what happened to Metroid Prime trilogy!
This is exactly where I picked it up from. When I bothered to read the manuals and saw his name was Bowser, I just figured he was King Bowser Koopa haha
I feel guilty never putting more than 10hrs into rf3 (but out nearly 350 into RFF and still haven't finished the story, for reasons) but yeah I'll likely pick this up since I hardly okay my 3ds anymore.
For the love of the game? Edit: while it doesn't get played as much anymore, it still comes out for some occasional multiplayer, and since it's digital and always in my SD card, there has been a few occasions where I'll get a quick round in during laundry or whatever.
Never played this game before the switch, but it late last year and I was hooked. Great metroidvania, difficult but not impossible or frustrating. Highly recommended especially at this price, so if you're been in the fence, now's the time to get it.
Quick, someone go check on Arlo. His heart may have exploded.
I played the demo and only had minor gripes with it, mainly in the feedback, which they seemed to address. A lot of the time I could barely tell if my attacks were doing any damage, ya know? Would love to play an updated demo for this, but I might just have to support them on good faith here. Again, the demo wasn't terrible by any means, and they seemed to have taken the feedback seriously. Might not be a day one, but I'll pick this up at some point.
Did I offer them a lollipop? Did I read them a bedtime story? No. They took player feedback and improved the game in areas that needed improving when they didn't have to, Nintendo could have made them release it as is and patched it later, if at all. Looks to be way better based on the treehouse footage, and I'd like to support a new IP where I can. Might not be a day one purchase, but I definitely want to check out the full game at some point. How is this treating them like children?
Pretty much. Glad I got this second to last in my play through.
By buying and hopefully enjoying the game. I'm not cutting them a check and donating it as charity. They made a product, they demoed the product, we gave them feedback on the product, they tweaked the product, impressions are that the product is vastly improved, I make a decision to either buy that product and support their effort so the studio can continue to either support the game via dlc or work on a sequel or new series because they've proved themselves competent... Or I don't. In this scenario, I'm more likely to buy the game I already had interest in because they were able to improve on what was originally shown.
Just checked, and it's being published by nintendo
But that doesn't mean it was in development first. When Bayo3 was announced all we got was a short teaser trailer that was likely not even running on the games engine. This was the game awards, back in December 2018 When astral chains was announced we got a full trailer that showed off gameplay. This was in a February direct of this year, and I don't recall if a release date was announced then or if it was just listed as 2019. If bayo was further along in development, they could have shown I in the February direct and simply announced it for a vague 2020 release, but they didn't. So either the game wasn't as far in development as Astral Chains was, or they simply decided to hold off on a full reveal until it was clear to completionm. All we know for sure is Astral Chains must have been further along in development at some point because it was announced and set to release within 4 months of th that initial reveal. With Bayo the announcement was as simple as that Metroid Prime 4 logo. It was just letting us know it's coming but development could have started about that same time. We won't know, but being announced first doesn't mean anything.
&gt;There’s more than enough of the bloody things. Same can be said for snarky redditors
And hate it when it kicks your ass, but you'll dust yourself off and try again cuz you know you can do it and you'll be so satisfied when you take out that boss and go into the next confidently and repeat the cycle of getting your ass kicked but overcoming... Fuck it's so good. Can't wait for the sequel!
Good thing I brought my switch to work today haha... So from the main menu, select quickplay. This brings you to a screen with different options like course collect (at the top) and just below it you can change players from One to Two.
I'll vouch for this. I was terrible at keeping my currency so I didn't start upgrading until, what I felt, was too late, and it certainly made things easier once I had a good number of pins. So for anyone who hasn't played it, not only do you gain abilities like you would in Super Metroid, but you get to customize your item layout to add additional attack or defense abilities. Each item has a different amount of notches it'll take up, and even by the end game scenarios you have to pick and choose what works best for a situation, which I personally found fun too. Optional boss giving me trouble? I'll use this ability for faster healing instead this time, want to take on the enemy gauntlet? Hmm maybe I'll try raising my attack instead. So. Good.
So Zelda deleted her selfies before lending it to Link? Smart..
&gt;And I compared one Nintendo game to Animal Crossing BECAUSE THEY ARE THE SAME COMPANY. &gt; &gt;JUST LIKE PLATINUM. &gt; &gt;ARE YOU EVEN REMOTELY LITERATE? Are you? Because the point isn't that a company can't show off multiple games, as others have said it's the fact that Bayonetta and Astral Chains compete for the same niche market. Luigi's Mansion and animal crossing are two very different styles of game. They're not in direct competition with each other. No one would say you can't show off Mario Odyssey and Mario Kart in the same direct, because ones a platformer/adventure and the other is a racer. Astral Chain and Bayonetta are two very similar styles of games AND from the same developer. If both were to release tomorrow, Bayonetta would automatically have a leg up because it's an established IP. Pretend for a minute that Capcom was the developer for Mighty Number 9. Imagine if at e3 they announced BOTH Mighty Number 9 AND mega man 11. You honestly don't think some gamers would hold off on buying Mighty Number 9 because MM11 was coming? Or at the very least take a wait and see approach and then be discussed from buying MN9 after the reviews came out?
Pretty sure he did all the small things but I wasn't personally a fan, otherwise I would have stuck it in the comments when I posted this a few weeks back. /Passive agressive
... But how many times in your life will you be able to see them play Enema in it's entirety? I gladly paid over $120 to catch the cure play their first 3 albums in their entirety AND it was my first time being able to see them live. Blink might never play this album in full live again after this tour. So complaining about the setlist is kind of ridiculous. I agree the prices are high, but they're not high because it's an Enema tour.
And likely there was negotiations on Lil Wayne's side too. It's not so cut and dry like people here make it out to be.
First time seeing them was the pop disaster tour with Greenday, Thursday opened for both. Great show, but I was so far back. Didn't get to see them again until the reunion shows, but I saw them 3 times that year. Twice at Jones beach, and flew out to NM to catch them with a friend who had moved out that way. Did the same again for whatever your it was after neighborhoods released, same venues, Jones Beach NY and NM. Last saw them for the bored to death tour, pretty sure it was NM only since I didn't have anyone to go with at home. Gonna try to catch them in Brooklyn this year, even if I have to go alone. If I had a time machine I would go back to when they toured the UK and got Robert Smith in stage. Would have killed to be there...
Is that why my link kept taking off his armor and going behind the bushes?!
And I have you a perfectly calling example of how someone waiting for Bayonetta could hurt the sales of astral chains, because not only are they competing with each other in their respective genre, but AC has other, bigger named games to compete with. The idea is not insane, it happens all the time. If you refuse to see it, fine.
That's what I did. Saw maybe try minutes, heard that silk feels a bit heavier than the Knight, has a ledge grab and closed the video. Hollow Knight was just so good I can't imagine them fucking up the sequel, so I'm already sold
Cept toon Link... His face is so weird
Can we start using this now when s game is delayed? Oh breath of the wild 2? Oh it's bearing the ol' Animal Cross until at least March '21 I reckon
With how well this last Zelda sold compared to the ones before it, a highly anticipated sequel is definitely Holiday Season material.
People keep saying how Majora's Mask only took 2 years like it was no big deal, but leave out the part where Aunuma was given the greenlight to make a sequel ONLY if he could do it in two years, so his team had to get creative. This is why we only got 4 real dungeons and the 3 day cycle, which while ingenious and added to the story, was still a way to pad the game length. Don't get me wrong, Majors is great, but I still want Aunumas team to take their time crafting the sequel to BotW even if they're reusing the same engine and assets. If they're adding traditional dungeons, for example, I'd rather they take their time to craft 8 than rush for 4 just to meet a deadline.
It's not that difficult to change the landscape up a bit so that players are still surprised. Assuming malice is still a thing, entire areas could be covered in it that weren't before. Monsters could have taken over small villages causing villages to relocate, dark magic could shroud whole areas in darkness, death mountain could have erupted and hurled balls of lava to cover surrounding areas, lakes could dry up, areas could be flooded. I don't think a lot of people here are thinking creatively enough. This is a video game, they don't need many excuses to change up the landscape however they see fit. The lot of you are thinking a little too logically, talking about realistic population growth over a period of X years..
Come to Manhattan
Haha tell her I said sorry!
If it makes you feel better I didn't enjoy Thursday at all. I just never got into them, thought maybe seeing them live would change that but nah.
And inaccurate speculation on yours as well. Let's agree to disagree and enjoy the weekend, shall we?
But that's hyrules greatest treasure.
Don't subject the boys to that. Don't dog the boys!
Last night I kept hearing the announcement for clean up in aisle 17 for about ten mins straight. I went to investigate and saw nothing. But they kept making the announcment.
Seriously. I was never really into comics themselves but loved super hero cartoons and video games, so I grew up with X-Men, Batman, Spiderman because they were the most popular and had some exposure to iron Man, Hawkeye and captain America in the arcades. I loved being able to grow into an adult and see these heroes getting taken seriously (most of them) on the big screen. Fully onboard the MCU train since Iron Man made me give a fuck about the character. When Guardians was announced my first reaction was "who?" The same way that guy was confused about who Starlord was (which was perfect to put into the trailer) but I rolled with it. Talking raccoon in a tree? Ok sure, it's a marvel movie, I'll see it day one, their track record is pretty good. Instantly became a favorite. I keep meaning to finally get around to the big comic arcs like civil war and stuff, but don't because the movies satisfy that itch plenty. DC on the other hand... Got a handful of Batman comics and animated movies cuz WB just isn't bringing the magic to the big screen.
Right?!
I know, which is why I want to read it. Actually I meant to read it before the movie released to see how different it was but I never got around to it. I still have a mini backlog of Batman comics and a couple of Deadpool's to get through. I think I'm only about a quarter of a way through the second volume of Batman Knightfall 😭 and it's been years since I picked it up...
Only time I got to "meet" them was an album signing for TOYPAJ. The line was around the block and at one point my friend and I could see them thru the glass, from the back. They may have been stretching their legs a bit but holy shit Tom is a tall fucker!
Someone Photoshop the Atticus bird on his shirt and it's perfect
I just started chapter 8! I took a break from the story to flash out some Affinity charts and finish up some sidequest, but yeah it's so fucking good. I was slightly hesitant to buy it because it took like 40hours for the first Xenoblade to click with me but I got into this one well into chapter 2, and started to really grasp the combat by chapter 3. Now I can't put the game down.
I dunno. Maybe I sucked at the combat but 1 felt a lot more level grindy than xc2. The story in 1 is great, haz zero silly anime moments and fan service if you're a prude, but I think xc2 is overall better so far.
Damn you recognized the game based on THIS shot?!
THUG2. Never did pick up wasteland. I thinks I got burnt out on the series by then.
It made a little boy cry and my friend was freaked out by it
I've been meaning to for awhile, but I moved house recently and got sidetracked packing and unpacking everything then finally setting up my systems. Like I said in the title, I thought I lost the damn memory card and was pissed until about two days ago.
Ohhhh yeah. I don't know what they were thinking. By the time that game out people were getting burnt out in plastic peripherals in general. At least Rock Band/Guitar Hero were good party games, but a plastic skateboard? Geez
It is lol
You are correct, sir
Me too. Almost traded it in today but once I started playing this morning I decided against it last minute.
And who was it
Haha nice. Didn't have many friends that played so I could never tell how good I really was compared to anyone. I do remember that I played thps4 so much that I was able to do some sick combos well after the clock expired. The LA stage especially, I remember getting points in the millions.
Exactly. When I moved a got rid of a ton of NES, SNES, and n64 games. I only kept the classics and ones that I have specific childhood memories with, but in time I'm sure I'll have to get rid of those too. I sold off all my other thps games but I remember having tons of fun with THUG2 so I kept it a little longer.
They could have just resurrected bongo bongo...
Nah you gotta get meta with it. You gotta find the toilet, and only then can you go game on your real life toilet. It's the only way to get S ranking.
I wouldn't even mind if they stole a page from No More Heroes book
Well let me go hang outside on a bench and see if hulk tosses some ass my way, like a g
32 club until the end of the month
I do but then ever few months a helpful post comes to remind me
Nobody likes us when we're 33 😭
I didn't watch the treehouse stuff until last night and I feel you. I had no idea they would let you customize the character, got super happy when I saw that. Plus it seems the game automatically changes your twin when you customize whoever you pick, so it's consistent lol
Had no idea they originally went with a fantasy setting. This makes me even more upset as an American consumer that we're not getting the collectors edition. I would love to have the art book that comes with it and hopefully see some of that concept art.
And a ramp
Damn well I better get started. I only bought it recently and haven't even opened it
I'd happen also getting the collectors edition with art book? I know EU is. Either way, there's going to be an additional cost to import the game. This is the second game launching this year where NA customers get shafted. Links Awakening gets a sweet steelbook that looks like a Gameboy in EU but the NA region collectors edition is just the regular game and an artnook.
It's a brand new controller for the existing Xbox, duh
I prefer nintendude
Yup I want it. Was literally talking too a friend after the direct saying how much I'd love for earthbound to be remade in this art style.
Don't link shame him
I have this problem. I hate it.
Fucking autocorrect! I'm leaving it though ...
I use Swype texting and this phone is a little wider than I'm used to do I end up holding it a bit funny. End up making mistakes like that often because of muscle memory. Hardly ever had this issue with my last phone but now I have to proofread everything.
Didn't they name drop it so the internet wouldn't have a fucking aneurysm when they showed up to e3 with a Metroid 2 remake for 3ds back when vocal fans greeted ANYTHING shown for 3ds with "wHy IsNt tHis oN sWiTcH?! 3dS iS dEaD!!"
We did this even I worked at the Nintendo Store during the Wiis launch. Employees and I who would be signed to the Twilight Princess demo station would play co-op where one half the nunchuk to control movement and shield bashing, the other held the wiimote for everything else. It was surprisingly fun!
And oh man we those early builds of Zelda vastly different...
&gt; Metroid prime 4 shouldn’t have been shown off but they wanted the hype. I agree with everything you said except this. I'm too lazy to type it out but here's a comment I made on the other thread yesterday: &gt;Didn't they name drop it so the internet wouldn't have a fucking aneurysm when they showed up to e3 with a Metroid 2 remake for 3ds back when vocal fans greeted ANYTHING shown for 3ds with "wHy IsNt tHis oN sWiTcH?! 3dS iS dEaD!!" This is the only reason they showed it. After federation force they didn't want the same PR nightmare to lessen hype for Metroid 2 Edit: because someone reminded me, this was also the e3 where they had to reassure fans that the next mainline Pokemon game was coming to switch because they knew there would be some vocal backlash for Pokemon Let's Go. If your options are focus on what's available now and don't make any surprise announcement but have fans react negatively because it's not what they expected, or focus on what's available now but reassure the fans that the next big thing is coming to quell those fears so that our current product doesn't get buried in bad press... They made the right call
Thank you, I forgot about that too. Not only was that the e3 of "hey before you lose your shit and try to boycott Metroid 2 remake, just know we ARE planning Metroid Prime 4" but also "hey this is more of a spinoff Pokemon title that's also a remake but don't worry the REAL shit is coming next year" I'm already tired the negativity towards the Pokemon treehouse and from people who thought Metroid would have any info at all at e3, and that was only.. What a week ago?! I don't even want to imagine what online gaming communities would be like had they NOT mentioned MP4 and Pokemon SwSh last year.
I agree with this but the main issue is likely they didn't want a repeat of Federation Force. People shat on it without giving it a try because it wasn't what they wanted. It's a safe bet to say the same would have happened with Metroid 2* and Pokemon Let's Go* had they not also confirmed*** MP4 and the next mainline Pokemon we're coming. *Metroid and Let's Go would likely still have sold well, especially Pokemon, but when you're a company trying to hype new products you do NOT want or need the negativity that comes with "fans backlash". Especially in this day and age with news feeds, trending hashtags etc. Even if you're not on Reddit 25/7 if you show any remote interest in gaming I'm sure your newsfeed will have at least a few articles about the negativity. ***Especially bwith Pokemon, I don't understand why fans lose their shit over things like this. Granted I'm not the biggest Pokemon fan, but had they not confirmed the next mainline Pokemon was in development at the time of showing off Let's Go Pikachu/Ever, I would have just assumed the next mainline title was coming. And no one dare give me that "but we didn't know if it was coming for 3ds or switch!" Because obviously the switch was having a great fucking year and was going to be their primary console/handheld for the future. MP4 getting confirmed as in development was huge because we haven't seen a mainline title in years, but Pokemon? Cmon... Fans are the worst.
I liked his brief appearance in the direct, I didn't see much of him on the treehouse though because some of those games I want to experience blindly without spoilers, and he was good on the Nintendo Power Podcast. I really hope he sticks around.
I thought he did that treehouse intro right after the direct? And didn't he play Mario Maker 2 on stage?
*Capcom execs commit seppuku*
If I could hug you, bro, I would. That sucks, but as others have said you totally dodged a bullet. Imagine how much worse it would be if you were with her longer, married, had a kid, and some ex just shows up and ask her to marry him and she runs off just as quickly. Clearly she's crazy and/or wasn't giving your relationship with her her all. You deserve way better than that.
Exactly. You'd here nothing but "this is one of the greatest games of all time but all they did was make new HD assets and add HD rumble functionality, online leaderboards for speed runners, Amiibo support, labor VR support, and the cure for cancer but... I'd it really worth full price? I'll gladly pay $15 for a 25 year old game"
&gt; Zelda possibly being playable following the trailer Of the first BotW. Because that was being discussed the very first time we saw link jump off a horse, remove their hood and blast a guardian. Maybe not playing as Zelda specifically but there was so much discussion about at least getting to change the protagonist gender. Whoever thinks this is part of a "feminist agenda" is a troll or an idiot or both.
I'm with you. I loved both but Galaxy 2 is my favorite, and I think it had the better final level "the perfect run"
Could totally be this, but it could also be that people need to stop judging blink music for what they want it to be vs what it is. It's ok to not like a song or album, but people here get so been out of shape about it. All the "bring Tom back" "Skiba sucks" "Mark is a sellout" shit is old, annoying, and not a real discussion. Granted this goes for internet culture as a whole, where people would rather complain than actually get a valid point across. Too many "I hate it, it sucks" comments but not enough "this is why I don't like it" comments. Can't wait for the album to be out and be done with this.
Like the other guy said.. if only everyone in every fanbase could be as rational with their comments as you are. Personally I dig the song. But I also enjoy [coffee mug by the Descendents](https://youtu.be/b1ktIMJ-Grk) which is even shorter than GD. It doesn't feel incomplete to me, but I also don't have an album to listen to it in context. Maybe it's an album intro? Maybe it's a prelude to another song? Out maybe it's just a short banger if a song that I'm the grand scheme of the album will feel out of place? I don't know yet, so for now I'll enjoy the song for what it is. But for every comment like ours, there's another's 5 that are basically just "this isn't what I wanted!" and whiny, which is what OP is talking about.
Do you enjoy Apple Shampoo?
&gt; What I don't understand is why not announce at E3? I guess we'll see. Because they want as short a period between announcement and release as feasibly possible. If they announce in early June that a revision is coming in November, thats a long stretch of time where people might hold off on buying a switch to wait for the revision. Then what if something happens and production is delayed? That's more time gone by where people are holding off on buying ANY switch, which is bad for business. If they do announce something soon, expect it to release about a month after. So yeah, if it's true, could be that they're simply waiting until they can pretty much guarantee a release date.
Doesn't have a chorus. So non standard song structure. Enjoy it and less? :P And yeah it's my personal favorite from that album too.
Maybe those marketing teams are trying to take a page from Smash and use it in their ads? Perhaps they see that smash is a hot seller, people anticipate smash reveals and announce their games similarly It's the only thing I can think of.
I wouldn't buy it second time, but if it did come over it would be cool to let more people try it. Honestly wasn't feeling the game at first, but a few missions in and I loved it. Great game. Loads of fun, lots of fun characters.
If I were a kid I'd be begging for this so hard.
Haha I could always treat myself for my birthday... But I wouldn't use them, and I'd have nowhere to display them. So I'll let someone else enjoy them instead.
Just harder to find I think. I know for a fact that I got a Mario Bros 2 birthday card when I was like 6, I had a Mario/Zelda dual sided pillow case, and a Mario Bros lunch box. There was definitely merch, just not as extensive.
The kind that has a replica master sword and hylian shield but moved into a place where the landlord doesn't want any holes in the walls so they're just sitting in my closet collecting dust 😭
A sweet little old lady renting out the home her and her husband lived in when they were first married like 30 years ago.
Any links on where to purchase a kid (FBI stand by...)
I thought Feldman didn't have anything to do with this song.
To be fair they said not to go crazy with holes in the wall, the previous tenants may have over done it and even fucked up the hardwood floors with some sort of water damage. It's a 3 family house currently, I got the upstairs apartment which used to be where her and her husband lived originally, but they're old and can't make it up the stairs easily so they live in the furnished basement. They genuinely seen to love the house and keep it in great condition so out of respect I don't want to put holes in the wall.
They never said nothing, just not to go crazy. It's just easier not to make any holes since I don't have much stuff to hang up besides those two items
Or just reread my clarification. They never said I couldn't, just not to go crazy. Other than those two items, I don't have much to put up on the walls other than a couple of art prints and those don't need holes to be drilled. If I ever decide to put them up, I will, but for now I'm still organizing things like by little. If they fit into my plans, they'll go up, if not I'll find another way to display them. I don't get why it's become such a big deal when we could be talking about video games and Mario kart hot wheels.
These type of men don't have bros. The closest they get are their online friends list, but you can't be gay when you don't meet in person so it's all good. I feel bad for these people.
We were fairly poor so it was either the occasional video game for birthday and the holidays or toys whenever. I chose video games :D I did have one cool hot wheel that I remember getting from my aunt for Christmas. It changed colors in warm water and revealed those classic hotwheel flames. I loved it even though it was kind of pink haha
My cousin had one of the tracks. Then my aunt beat his ass with it once. I never wanted a track after that day haha
Yuppp.... I think last time I tried actually messaging someone here was over a year ago. Don't know why I'm even subscribed anymore.
This is awesome
&gt; we’re 40. Don't you wish that evil on me, Ricky Bobby!
It would be cool, but it's more punk to not conform to this so I'm not gonna do shit /S
Dude I still get choked up if I watch the Mega Man reveal. It's so perfect, so cool. This was well before Mega Man 11 when it seemed that Capcom was straight up done with the franchise, but I secretly still wish Nintendo took a crack at it and use his smash design, which to me is THE mega man.
I was never the biggest B-K fan but I couldn't help but smile when I saw that jigsaw piece. They deserve a spot on the roster, and I know there's tons of fans who just had their day made when he was revealed.
I honestly want to go back and replay it. I've beat all the Zelda's (save for CDI and portable games not counting Links Awakening) multiple times EXCEPT twilight Princess (and BotW but after 250hrs that game still feels new and I got like 300 more korok seeds to find, +dlc). I just don't know what it was about it... I was so hyped for it, I thought the notion controls were cool because I could pull off some sick strow shots I'd never be able to do with a stick, but by the end of the game something just bored me. I beat it, I was glad to see it over, and I never went back. Even with skyward sword I attempted a second playthrough on master mode or whatever and got halfway through before getting distracted with other games. I think I'll have to check out TPHD finally. Give the game a go, and without the notion controls and I'm assuming original (not reversed) map it'll feel fairly new. Who knows when I'll get around to it though.
Reminds me of the blink-182 video for Always
As someone who lives in NY and worked in Pittsburgh for 2 whole weeks, can confirm. PMC pretty much owns Pittsburgh, and you can see their shit plastered all over the stadium scene.
It also looked very fake, which was disappointing. I would love a live action movie to give us a Gotham that looks like the comics without it looking clearly green screen (Justice league), over the top (Schumacher films), or limited in scope (Burton films with only like two fucking sets)
I think the reason behind this was Batman Begins was set mostly in the Narrows, whereas Dark Knight the Narrows may have been destroyed or at least quarantined and this he's operating in the city at large. Every play Arkham City? It's like how the game is set in the derelict party of Gotham turned into a prison, yet you can see the bright lights off the thriving Gotham just beyond the game world, including Wayne tower.
Sorta happened the same way with me. I only knew one person trying to hype the movie and I didn't necessarily trust his taste in... Well, anything. I just kept thinking a realistic take on Batman wouldn't work, and since I wasn't a big fan of the comics at the time, had no idea who the villain was by name (though I would have recognized him had he looked more like the cartoon version). Once the dark Knight was announced, I knew I'd see it just to see what they did with Joker, so I ended up watching that before Begins.
My birthday is Monday and you just gave me a great idea. Know where I can find it??
Holy shit.
So Mark isn't allowed to listen to the violent femmes? That sucks cuz they're an awesome band.
Oh boo
Why did they change math? Math is math!
I, too, have fallen asleep with my switch on
Seriously! And don't forget, someone's those backstage areas are like mazes. Blink is still probably lost at the last venue. I mean, if spinal tap has taught me anything..
I was surprised too. Meanwhile I played it on a delay, night the special edition at launch, but didn't get sound to it into just this past holiday season and 160hrs later I'm finally at the last chapter, and hoping I can finish the story before Mario Maker 2 comes out. Then hoping I can get all the rare blades before Astral Chain comes out .. Then hoping I can beat all the unique monsters before Zelda comes out... Then hoping there's a break between Pokemon and Animal Crossing in game releases so I can check out the Torna DLC.. I fucking love this game. So mad I didn't play it sooner.
[Jim Crow](https://lmgtfy.com/?q=Jim+crow)
Makes sense. I didn't notice all "the crow" stuff when I took the pic. I saw the license plate, immediately thought of the "Jim Crow south" and new I could post it here, but in the off chance it was a racial thing didn't want to be caught talking a photo (I'm not white, this was a very white town I was working in).
I agree with you that Nintendo's online system is lacking, but... The game still had a story mode with how many pro-designed levels? Those, as far as I know, can still be played offline. You can still also make your own levels offline, so the number of levels to play is essentially infinite. Granted, some people will pick it up to pay other people's levels because they may not be interested in creating levels, but those people will likely know and may already be paying for the online service. For the rest, there's still a lot to enjoy in Mario Maker. Even for someone who refuses to pay into the online service, you can buy the game, play the new Nintendo levels as if it's a new 2d Mario, and just trade it in for whatever other new game floats your boat.
It's a first party Nintendo game, what did you expect? I don't mean that to be snarky, either, but since they launched NSO you've needed to be a paid member to play their games online. I know something like fortnite doesn't need it, but Mario kart, Mario party, arms, Splatoon 2, Mario Maker 2 all require it. I'm sure upcoming games like Animal Crossing and Pokemon will as well. It shouldn't be surprise at this point.
I don't think I've listened to their official review, but yeah a lot of the previews they've given they seem to tear this game a new one because it doesn't have some features from the first game, but still say they love the have and it's great. Like on one hand I'm glad they say the UI can be a little clunky in docked mode, but that's too be expected because creating with the gamepad was probably the best thing the gamepad ever did. So I expected switching from something so intuitive to a standard controller.. Yeah, it won't be as good. But then they go on and on about the lack of costumes which, again is disappointing but not a deal breaker at all, but they talk at such lengths about it that it would be easy to think otherwise based on how much they go on about it.
He didn't have a kid at this point, and while I'm sure he loves pepper... He was truly defeated at this point. He fought the thing he knew he's been up against since he went through that wormhole in Avengers 1, lost, and lost a surrogate son. The dude was devestated and lost the will to live. With no will, no action. And that's just an assumption of course, so we can also assume he did try to power the ship but c'mon... How far is Titan from Earth? If he couldn't get their warping tech to work, but could still per power the ship, that would be a long trek home. For all we know is he DID repair the ship, enough to get it into orbit, traveled some distance, and it failed after some time. This is when he started giving up hope, leaves his final words for pepper and prepares for the end.
Me too, man, me too. If it's too much for a taunt, throw it on the win screen!
Nobody: OP: this is like if that Blue Oyster shit met that Afghan Kush i had, and they had a baby... And then meanwhile, that crazy Northern Lights stuff i had and the Super Red Espresso Snowflake met and had a baby... And by some miracle, those two babies met and fucked; this would be the shit they birthed.
First thing I thought of too. Disappointed, not in other users, but myself for not knowing how to Photoshop.
Well according to Google the original game sold 4 million copies. Let's assume the sequel gets the same success, and each of those 4 million players uploads 32 courses. That's like 128 million courses still available. A lot of them may be shit, but when you're on the internet it won't be hard to find the good ones through subs like this. I just don't see the big deal. I doubt any of us will even play 1% of the levels that will ever be uploaded to the service.
It really did. I actually like it better than the new smash design. I think they made his face too small.
I haven't had any work in my back, but I went 6 hours on my inner bicep recently with a Sammus x Samus mashup and.... Man oh man. It was the most painful piece I've done yet.
Any of the others game related? I'm thinking about getting the master sword just to fill up some space I have on my left arm haha
Nice. I've been team #minminforthewinwin since day 1. Even drew some watercolor fanart for the Nintendo minute contest. Didn't win haha
Shit, username checks out too. Way to go dude.
Funnily enough, I just heard the "across the pond" episode yesterday where you guys interviewed Harvey, and I'm wondering if that was his letter/weet you guys read out towards the end.
Lol nice. If you see this Harvey, hope you didn't get scarred off from Reddit entirely. And what are your thoughts on smash ultimate!?
Mexican pirates*
Let's see.... Overhead, puzzle + action gameplay, swords and bows... I'd say it's Zelda like, sure. Not a Zelda clone, it's lacking in the exploration, and it's not story driven, but level based, but other than that the gameplay is similar.
And you have to toss the minish at alien ships to tear then apart you can control hundreds of minish at a time, and they have different attributes like red minish are resistant to fire, blue minish have Zora armor and can swim, etc.
If they bring back aliens, I want another barn defense minigane like what we got in Majora's Mask.
Holy shit! I forgot all about Bob and George, I used to love reading those!
100% this. It's exactly what I've been doing. When I was playing xenoblade 2 earlier this year, I had some smaller indie titles I would play on the side. It's the weekend and I have a few hours to plop in front of the TV? Xenoblade time. Bringing my switch to work to play a few mins on my lunch break? Indie time. Get home earlier than expected from work and can get an hour or 2 of gaming in before bed? Hallow Knight time! Sitting around waiting for laundry? Indie time! And there's literally a website called howlongtobeat.com that gives you estimates on how long a game will take, breaks it down into completionist hours, how long to just beat the story, etc. It's great in helping plan what other titles to play.
100% this. It's exactly what I've been doing. When I was playing xenoblade 2 earlier this year, I had some smaller indie titles I would play on the side. It's the weekend and I have a few hours to plop in front of the TV? Xenoblade time. Bringing my switch to work to play a few mins on my lunch break? Indie time. Get home earlier than expected from work and can get an hour or 2 of gaming in before bed? Hallow Knight time! Sitting around waiting for laundry? Indie time! And there's literally a website called howlongtobeat.com that gives you estimates on how long a game will take, breaks it down into completionist hours, how long to just beat the story, etc. It's great in helping plan what other titles to play.
Honestly, between Xenoblade definitive edition, no more heroes 3, and animal crossing this year. I'm good. The only thing I can truly ask for is some fun surprises to make this year and better. Something crazy like botw 2 confirmed for 2020 would make this my favorite year in gaming.
No objection from me!
I'm mad it took this long to find this comment.
Doesn't work. Source: I'm Hispanic
There's definitely some weak ones in the MCU, but not a single one of them was as bad as the upper decker that was Aquaman. Terrible movie, zero enjoyment.
Cool but rude
&gt; I'm actually still curious on how to trigger the heart to hearts because I think they have a big role in gameplay From memory, you had to have a certain affinity level with the character. How you raised affinity, I can't recall. Possibly just bring in battles together? I really can't remember.
Yes! I remember realizing that too late and having to spam a few items to be able to unlock certain heart to hearts. Wasn't the reward for a heart to heart just more affinity boosts?
Oh I completely agree, they were fantastic and exactly why I tried to be unlock them all. I just couldn't remember if XP was also a bonus.
Most likely Pokemon Sword, I'm at the 4th gym now, put about 40hrs into the game already. It's my first Pokemon since the original GB and I'm having a blast, but I also want to try a new indie game, just can't decide on what. I currently have in my backlog: Hyper Light Drifter Furi The Way remastered Celeste White Night Xeodrifter Slain Little nightmares Shut Eye Transcripted Mutant Mudds collection And that's in order from oldest purchase to most recent. And some of these I don't even remember buying..or know what they're about. I...I think I have a problem.
&gt;I'll be surprised if an Animal Crossing one doesn't get done tbh For a switch lite I'd want it to look like Nooks sweater, with brown and black face buttons. For a regular switch, the dock could be the sweater, the switch itself is white with a red tie And the joycons would brown and look like his eyes on the front and the tops / shoulder buttons look like his ears.
Just had to look it up. That's pretty bad.
Would it still be worth playing? I bought a copy some time during or after the Wii U had launched, but never got around to playing it. Actually, I can't even remember if it was the last story or Pandora's tower that I got. I just know it was one of the 3 that gamers had to beg to bring to the West, and she's how good Xenoblade turned it to be for me, I figured why not.
All this hype around the game has got me curious. How friendly is this to someone who has never touched a FE game before? Edit: so many positive responses! I have quite a bit in the back log, but I'm going to try my best to pick this up and play it at some point this year.
Nice. It's going to have to wait a bit I think, but it's definitely on my radar with all the praise it's been getting.
Yup. I'd be happy with some commemorative art in a tweet. No need to rush the game to meet the anniversary date.
&gt; sank 350 hours into...very beginner friendly. That's what I'm afraid of!!
This assassination brought to you by squarespace
I appreciate this response. I'll be sure to take this into consideration if I get the game. I've had this happen with a few games before that I ended up loving in the end though. Xenoblade on Wii was like this for me. Hadn't played a proper rpg since SNES, had no idea how the cake mechanics worked, wasn't following the story much and put the game down for months, picked it back up and felt way more lost than before but I plowed through and by the end of it was amazed with the game. Even if I still didn't understand the battle mechanics after beating it haha. I'll make sure to give FETH enough time.
Can you say why blue Lions without spoiling much? Just kinda curious.
If I remember correctly, XC2 picks up around the third chapter. Don't dick around with sidequest because as far as I can tell, anything you get that early on can be completed at any point. I think there's maybe only one area later in the game where sidequest can be missed due to story progression. So just rush through the story a bit and worry about exploration later. Also, crafting system? I don't recall a crafting system.. for me the biggest hurdle with the beginning of that game was the combat. It starts off so slow with little to no options, but by chapter 3 I believe you'll have a party of 3 (you gain more characters later but can only have 3 active in combat) as well as unlocking the combat combos, which made the combat really fun, IMO. Just don't forget to use the core crystals to unlock blades like I did. I spent longer than I'd like to admit using only pyra and the one common blade I unlocked as party of the tutorial.
Vamdam! Pretty soon you'll have something added to your combat repertoire to do all those fun combos. Just make sure you dive into the menus periodically. You can use WP (weapon points) to level up your combat arts (like Rex's grapple move from the very beginning of the game) for more damage and bonuses, as it doesn't level up automatically with your character level. Before long your arts will fill faster and you'll barely need to auto attack. By the end of the game I remember being able to do that thrusting move repeatedly while some of the other art gauges filled, the more arts you do the faster your special gauge fills, the faster you can level up your special attack, and the more likely you are too pull off those sick blade combos. Just remember that the more blade options you and your team have the better, and make sure the blade weapon types (sword, knuckles, ball, cannon, etc) you assign to your party have skills that compliment each other. Rex by default has a Break maneuver, so someone (whether a blade on Rex or someone else) has a move that can Topple, then one that can Launch, the. One that can Slam for those type of combos. Trust me, it's really satisfying when you're facing a tough enemy but you can break/topple/launch/smash them for crazy big damage, and then perform an elemental combo on top of that.
This sounds both complicated, and efficient as fuck. I definitely don't have the kind of time to replay a long game like this for all 3 houses, especially if there's some overlap in the intro. I'm saving this post and hope to find it when I do finally play the game, because it really sounds like I'll get the most out of it without getting burnt out. VERY much appreciate the response. Especially when I was likely gonna pick whichever house Red is, cuz... Well I like red.
Trust me, I know the feeling. The most I can do right now is 2, maybe 3 games at a time tops. But it also depends on the game.in September I was trying to do Links Awakening with Astral Chain. AC was my "main game" and would play that on the weekend, where as LA was my "side game" that I could play in smaller burst. Explore a bit, reach a dungeon, save and quit. Pick it up the next day, do the dungeon, save and quit. Weekend rolls around, spend most of the day doing a single mission in AC cuz I like to explore, and I'd im not too tired maybe replay an older mission to catch things I missed. It was fine, but I feel like it's such an adult way to play games. It felt too responsible, I just wish I had the kind of time and energy to play a game on the weekend through the entire night and he to sleep much later than what would be healthy. Fucking responsibilities man..
&gt;No game is perfect for everyone though, maybe it's just not my style. Your experience may be different! Completely agree, which is why I hope you don't get downvoted for having a different opinion. I wouldn't mind a 30 minute battle, but yeah if the game doesn't explain those mechanics well and I'm just moving pieces sound the board hoping to win, I would be bored and regret my purchase too. I wasn't sure how I'd feel about Mario + rabbids for example, I'm not big on strategy games, but I ended up loving that, and yeah some boss battles took forever, for various reasons, but at least I knew what I was doing.
Would you have bitched about the Metroid 2 remake being announced that (e3 I believe) Direct as the only metroid game in development when switch was clearly a success at this point and the world was clamoring for the 3ds to just die? Because that's exactly why they announced it with no more than a logo. Context matters here. They sounded it before announcing the 3ds title because the last time they announced a metroid game for 3ds, it was federation Force and the loud parts of the internet were hating it. They wanted to avoid the negative PR, that was all. Remember, a similar thing happened when the Luigi's Mansion 3ds port was announced. Reddit, YouTube, Instagram and I would assume their FB page were flooded with "why isn't this on switch?" comments. He'll, I have a buddy at work that finally picked up LM3 for Christmas and he's still lamenting that the first game was ported to 3ds and not switch.
&gt;Most mortgages go through 1 of three entities in the U.S.: Fannie Mae, Freddie Mac, FHA &gt; &gt;They need proof of income and how the income comes in. Bank statements are not proof of income. They are proof money is coming in, but does not have the details. Correct. I work in state run health insurance (think Medicaid) and while the state tries to do checks on their own using someone's Social, from time to time they need more information. I can't count how many times I've had to explain that a Bank statement is not proof of income, or how the state needs to confirm gross income (and how a bank statement would only show your net anyway), or how some people (like myself) have my paycheck direct deposited into two banks, this showing one statement still wouldn't be sufficient. But most people are combative idiots and don't care.
But the lite still has value filling the handheld only space the 3ds is leaving behind. If they make a home only model that doesn't improve on performance in any significant way, why wouldn't you just buy the standard switch to at least have the option of playing handheld, even of you'll rarely do so?
It's usually more like "find I'll just go to another insurance plan!" And I tell them they're going to face the same issue because it's one State run marketplace for all the health plans. Again, idiots.
I don't actually have an answer for you, unfortunately, and that's what I tell my clients because I'd rather be honest, and I'm with you: I don't get it either. I know plenty of people that seem to make good money if you go by their gross, but they're so financially irresponsible that they're always broke, and like you said, if I were a bank I wouldn't trust to give them a loan. What I can say is the state I'm in determines health coverage eligibility based on the Federal Poverty Level (FPL) which you'd think would be an average nation wide, yet it's somehow higher for Hawaii and Alaska. Also, the state I'm in is huge, and living expenses where I am are vastly greater than some of the more rural parts of the state, so even if it was based on a State poverty level, averaging income and living expenses like that leaves some people at a disadvantage. I was just speaking to someone the other day, woman, married with 3 kids, she's got some health issues and isn't able to keep a steady job, but also doesn't qualify for disability. The husband is the only one who works, his gross income for 2019 was roughly $37,750. She happened to mention they're trying to find a new place to live, but in the city she's in the average rent is $2000-2500/month. Even the gross income doesn't cover that, and it's really sad to see this woman who's cancer is luckily in remission struggle this way, and is more concerned about her kids coverage than her own, despite needing it as much as the kids do... I've been in the health insurance industry too long and I really wish we could have universal health care, even if it meant losing this job.
I love how name is actually playing along with the scenario this time.
Contact the hospital, explain what happened and see if they offer some sorry if financial assistance / charity care program. All hospitals should. Worst case scenarios, hospitals can and will set up a payment plan. I've seen people pay as little as $5/month and they may choose to write off some of the bill if you pay a certain amount by a certain time. Lastly, reapply for the medicaid. If yours is anything like my state, you can request coverage to backdate.
Yup, I picked it up early in the Switch's life after some initial positive feedback and I loved it. I wish there was a bit more exploration in the overworld, but that's my only complaint. Recently bought the DK expansion so I'm looking forward to that in the future.
My thoughts exactly. With how much it's sold on switch alone, I found we'll get a sequel on this platform. Maybe just hold off on a sequel for whatever their next platform ends up being. If they see data showing MK sales will drop off before they're ready to release the next platform, they could always plan a new kart racer, like a Diddy Kong Racing sequel.
Yeah that's a long time, but Mario kart has also historically been a single release per console. Yes MK8 is just a port, but it's still selling CRAZY well. Unless the sales drop dramatically, and before they're ready to launch whatever their next console is, I just don't see a new title happening. At most, we'll get some minor DLC, but I doubt that since by now whatever ideas they've had, they'd rather hold them for a sequel (like Botw's sequel, or Mario Galaxy 2) or most likely, a Labor VR update.. or both! Maybe a small DLC, 1 new character or maybe be Mii outfits with a single new cup as well as VR support. Could give it a small enough boost to hold on for the next game / console. And yeah, saving a sequel for the next console means they can fill the void with Diddy Kong Racing, Fzero, or like you said, Kirby Air Ride. Hell, there were even rumors that Retro were working on a Star Fox racer.. what if that comes true?
Yeah I remember Mark saying something similar to this and the band always being a little vague about it. There's definitely gotta be more to the story, but wondering how bad it is and who comes out looking terrible can drive you crazy. Are they quiet to protect Scott? Are they protecting the bands image? Did Scott have to sign some sorry of non disclosure about the details? If not why hasn't the real story come out?? At the end of the day though, it worked out for all parties involved. Scott sounds like he wouldn't have been happy going towards the poppier stuff in their next 2 records, and he may not have been experimental for the untitled album, etc. Blink found success, and Scott got to love a normal life that he may not have been able to if he remained in the band. That touring life, rockstar life, would not have worked with the alcohol problems he already had.
I took it as a joke. Of course the heavily tattooed member, the one known to consistently have his shirt off and change his hair style up the most of any of the other members of the band is wearing a sweater and a hat. The Simpsons take months to produce. The Travis that walked into the studio to record would not have looked like Travis at the time of the episode airing.
Why? It's the blink subreddit. Have you not seen how much r/blink182 hates blink182??? Wish I could end this with an /s but it's true. This sub is... Something else.
&gt;*insert follow up Tokyo drift joke here* *Tokyo Driftloon*
Didn't South Park have a whole bit about this? With a white character (Stan) trying to overcompensate for something ignorant his dad did, to his black friend (token)?
Talk to me man. I'm tired of people being overly negative. This is my first Pokemon game since 1998, I'm really happy with Sword and this expansion looks cool in my book. I was honestly expecting a 3rd game, or 2 expanded versions like Ultra Sun for full price, and already planned on NOT getting them. But half the price of the regular game for what seems to be two big expansions? I'm totally down for that.
&gt;I’d say actually selling the finish product the first time around is the better method. &gt; &gt;And is the DLC better? Shield + DLC ($90) costs more than Sun + Ultra Sun ($80), worse you could wait and only buy Ultra Sun ($40) whereas you’re going to have to purchase both Shield and the expansion no matter how long you wait. Funny how your math works out for your argument, when the reality is that buying Sun + Ult Sun for $80 is you comparing a 3ds game price to a Switch game price. If Sword had a Ultra Sword release, that would be $120 for both, whereas the DLC model is $90. I think your average non salty gamer would prefer spending an additional $30 over an additional $60 on that extra content PLUS the convenience of not having to replay the same story from the beginning. But yeah keep being mad.
Thor to Steve on the battlefield: I notice you've copied my haircut!
Excuse me,sir, in this sub we use the following: Get outta here Get the fuck outta here I don't like it. Get it outta here
Nah, he's alright
Isn't that 90's cartoon Roll's job?
They'd have to put Sakurai in charge.
Where'd you get the switch game cases? I tried searching Amazon recently but couldnt come across replacements the way I could for DS games or Blu Ray cases.
Yeah I bought it for maybe half off, maybe less, and enjoyed it. Before this is only played demos of Lego games and never really liked them, but Under Cover was a blast! I would definitely recommend it at this price.
Thank you, friend! I recently took advantage of the used game sale at GameStop, and the case was all busted. Not getting the game cover was bad enough, I could always print one of I needed to, but a chewed up case is so fugly. I really appreciate the link!!
Even better!! Thanks for the info
Smash announcement: "Astral Twins are off the chain!"
Apparently the singer's sister was a coworker of mine at one point. I didn't find out until just before she quit, and it was the weirdest thing how I found out. Basically our boss came by the site we were working at the see how things were going, just hang out etc. He at one point asked her for her brothers bands CD cuz he'd wanted to check it out and she's always forgetting to bring it. She said something along the lines of "I didn't even think you liked that kinda music" with this disdain in her voice, to which he replied "what? Ask EasyCure, he'll tell you, I can rock out from time to time!" And at that point I got curious and asked to see the CD. It was the album this song was featured on. I was kinda shocked. I thought it was some underground band demo or something... In highschool I worked at hot topic and most of the staff loved this song/album, I couldn't really get into it. My GF at the time was OBSESSED. Bought the album, went to the shows, read the comics etc. Apparently sometime between hot topic and the job I mentioned above, the boss (who I'd known in my personal life) had invited me to a wedding of his friends friends brother, cuz his GF at the time couldn't make it last minute and he figured we could catch up and drink, maybe meet a girl while I was there. Had I known it was Claudio's wedding I would have gone just to throw it in my exes face!
He's said on a few occasions he would like that, but what a lot of comments here are neglecting is that he's also said he'd have to talk to Marvelous about it. Suda could want the game on every platform ever but if there's any legal issues involved with Marvelous that can't be worked out, it ain't happening.
Was that the video chat? I think I used it once to test it out.
&gt;Having said that, I think some people rushed to put their screen protector on and it looks bad with bubbles and stuff so that might be the reason they don’t like it. Honestly this is one of the reasons I never used a screen protector on my phone, because they always did this, or would start to peel somewhere and the adhesive would collect dirt/lint and look funky and I didn't want to buy a new protector every couple of weeks. Wasn't until the switch and Reddit that people pointed out there are glass screen protectors. Bought one before I got my switch on launch, placed it on before even turning the system on, no bubbles, no fuss, still looks great 3 years later. If I ever buy a second switch, you bet your ass I'll out another screen protector on just for the piece of mind.
And FREAK-OUT, man... All I wanna know is...
If you don't want to ride Daisy, I don't want to be friends
I would like to refer you to the most recent thread being for a switch port of the Galaxy games. I'd also like to refer you to all the begging for something like No More Heroes 1, and 2, for the switch, and how talk of those games usually revolve around the original Wii versions being the definitive versions.
Ugh it's sad these people in power are no different than the shitty kid on Xbox live that'll threaten to rape your n-word mother and write it off with a "lol jk"
Oh damn, I didn't realize. Guess I was looking for something more positive (to me) in this direct.
I haven't played the new killer instinct. I would be happy if they worked something out to put the original on the SNES app. Obviously having both would be ideal, but I'd be ok with baby steps.
Not available within 250 of me. Said that last time, decided to go in and lucked out grabbing the last one. I just want the arwings to be honest. I'll play the game but if I could snag up a few more, I would. Let me order then online best buy!!
Yuuup. Just went back to the Wii u recently. Forgot how bulky the gamepad feels, luckily it's not heavy, but that just makes it feel ll even more like a toy in your hands. The screen wasn't very responsive, and the OS or UI or whatever you call the home screen... So slow by comparison to the switch It was night and day obviously.
I'm talking about over a week ago. The option wasn't there at all
AAAAhhhhgh
Like others have said, it's sort be of a life sim, but it's also much more relaxed... Or tedious depending on how you like to play. I haven't played New Lead (3DS) where they introduce the mechanic of being the Mayor and planning out the town, but in all other games you basically move into a small village with humanized animal neighbors, and take on little activities to earn money to pay the mortgage of your new home, and eventually upgrade it. You can fish, dig up treasures, catch bugs, harvest fruits, run errands for villagers , write letters to villagers and sell most of what you get to help pay the bill... Or just buy a ton of stuff!! The store has new items every day to customize your place, or your wardrobe, there's usually a shop in town that let's you design custom clothes, and there's traveling merchants or guests from time to time that sell or give out unique items. There's also seasonal holidays, and this is where the real time clock comes in to play. The game matches your real world time. Some events, some fish or bugs, are only available on certain times or certain days. So what happens when real life gets in the way and you miss out? Just that. You miss out, because life got in the way. Don't try to change your time settings either, or reset, because the game will usually have a feature on place to tell at you for doing so, usually in the form of an angry mole. The more you play against the rules, the longer the lecture you get about how you can't just ghit reset on real life. So yeah, if you like to sit and play video games for hours on end, animal crossing may not be for you. The activities you do are better for small bursts, and since the game runs on real time, it's best to play throughout the day. It's a great game to kick back and relax with. Personally I plan on buying this digitally, it'll be much easier to play wherever whenever.
I think my mechanic has this manga at his shop
That title previously belonged to Duke Nukem
James Cameron is the voice on the message. So James Cameron is John Connors father.
I might be bias because the originals battle system never clicked for me whereas XC2's did... But I thought the first games battle system was a chore compared to the recent games. Very clunky, even on the Wii Classic controller.
Jrpg, again based combat instead of turn based, huge worlds to explore, like really fucking huge, great score too. Became an instance classic for me and I don't really play RPGs.
I had a gf say this to me once too, but she was always teasing me about being "Mexican" so I thought it was part of the racially insensitive gag.
If only it were scratch and sniff
I've had this same conversation, stupidly, in the comments sections of Facebook and the like whenever the "fight for 15" thing was mentioned. People love to talk about how they know a guy who's rent is X but don't take into account Y, or that rent and wages vary greatly where you live. $500/month for a studio? Sign me the fuck up! Cuz where I live in NY, not even in NYC mind you, a studio can go for at least $1000/month. But they don't care. They never do. It's always the entitled people that argue against others that are just trying to get a fair deal. It's always "fuck you got mine" with those people. I make okay and it's still hard to afford to even rent a decent place on my own, unless I wanna live in some run down home that should have been condemned years ago. I can't even imagine trying to live off minimum wage right now. Makes me sick to my stomach.
I couldn't get into rune factory... 2? 3? Fuck I can't remember, but I fell in love with Rune Factory Frontier. I'm very excited to check out 4, I've always heard positive things about the 3ds original, I just didn't have a 3ds at the time of it's released. Kind of glad I get to try it on switch instead! Hopefully my preorder doesn't come too late!
I'm so glad you said that cuz the only RF I put any real time into was RFF for the Wii, and the only thing that affected the soil was Runies and those kinda sucked to manage but I got good with it after a while. Another comment above mentioned something like 4 soil qualities for optimal growth and I almost had a "fuck, what did I get myself into" moment, but this is good to hear haha.
I'm pretty sure I pre-ordered the special edition directly from marvelous at the normal price... I'll have to go back into my emails to confirm though.
Niiiice. I actually liked doing most of my field work, since I grew up with Harvest Moon SNES and N64. Eventually I had some monsters do some of the work so I could spend more time in dungeons, but honestly it was only because I started farming special crops in the dungeons haha. I had my routine down and I loved it. Eventually I was even able to manage the runies but after a while I just stopped caring about that aspect. I actually need to go back and finish the story for RFF.. I stopped before the final boss because I wanted to craft the ultimate robe, just cuz, but farming for those lil crystals suuuuucks.
Fucking love this song
&gt; Tom is not available for blink right now. Still in denial, I see. Hasn't been available for 5
No I said I'm outside of NYC. And a $1000 studio is going to be small, shitty, and very run down. Edit: I remember once when I was 18 I tried to look for a 1BR in my area (southern Westchester) and found a place listed for like $950/mon and it looked shitty in the photos but when I went down there, even though I knew it was a bad area, I was still so surprised to see how run down it was. But at the time with the job I had and the budget I tried to work with, anything more would be unaffordable. Had to live at home a few years longer until I could land a better paying job, and still had to room with people instead of getting my own place.
Haha glad I'm not the only one. I still can't find my copy of the DS game to figure out if it was 2 or 3 that I played. I remember it feeling very different from the Wii port of the original, and that the first "dungeon" didn't feel like a dungeon, I think it was like a forest area and I just randomly came across the boss that I was I'll prepared for. Once I finally beat it I had to move on to a desert area and feeling all sorts of lost.
First of all, that's not the issue anymore. I worked hard and got a better paying job and loving comfortably within my means. Plus, I was born and raised here, the majority of my family is here. I didn't choose to move to NY to "make it big" or whatever and then "complain" about struggling. Second: because that also takes money? At 18, making maybe $12/hr, trying to pay for school, transportation to get to work, saving up for a car so I have better options for work, and trying to find a place to live in my own all cost money, which I wasn't making much of. Know what else cost money? Moving expenses, traveling for interviews because this was the transitional period where some employers relied on the internet and some didn't. Even if I could apply online for some job in another state, who's to say they would only do a phone interview, or by some miracle a Skype interview? Let's say I did get an offer and interviewed by phone/Skype, but they wanted a drug test. Not every employer covers that themselves, so now I have to pay a lab fee AND pay to have the results shipped out of state. If I had family or friends elsewhere, yeah maybe I could bum on a couch for a bit until I got settled, but I didn't. The closest I had to that was a friend who had just moved to PA without a plan because his life in NY was essentially over, was offered to stay with his ex's cousin and her bf, couldn't even get a job at their local Target despite showing experience that he'd worked Target in NY for two years, and after 3 months of being unable to find a job, was asked by the BF to leave because he no longer felt comfortable having him there since they barely knew each other, had to come back to NY and live with his dad after being independent from him for 2 years since they didn't have the best relationship.
I hope for you it doesn't. It's also been a while since I've looked into housing, so I'm talking at least a decade ago. The city I was living in, I'm southern Westchester NY (just outside of NYC) also started a ton of redevelopment in their downtown waterfront district. Luckily it didn't move into where I lived, but only a few blocks away from me people were being displaced because the rent became too high. I recently moved into a 2BR with a friend just because it was easier to save money this way, and buy got to move out of our tiny apartment into a much roomier place further up in the suburbs. We're paying $1800/mom, and I got curious to see what apartments were like back where I grew up. Of course the first listings are the luxury apartments by the waterfront, and those are ranging between 2-3k. The neighborhood I used to live in is going for $1200-1800 for a 1BR. You can maybe rent a room in someone's apartment for $900 though. One whole room. Sigh.
Before all the pedophile priest came to light, this used to be my biggest issue with religions. People are always happy to count their blessings and praise the Lord, glad that they don't have to suffer the way done people in this world do, tell you you should thank God to be so lucky.. by never once question why their loving, caring god would even let that suffering happen to begin with.
True but, I only recently heard there were some slight changes to Star Wars for Disney+ so...
But who outside of Fury and Danvers knows about Skrulls? Colson, but in the movie universe he's dead, never watched all of Agents of Shield so I don't know how that ties in. What if she's just playing the part until she can be sure if what's going on and who to trust?
Yup, IIRC it's a quick sceneb of Nick and Maria Hill driving, "Nick" is on a call and ask something along the lines of "when are you coming back" and he and hill transform into skrull form, then Nick is shown in a holo-vacation up in space.
Finally finished Pokemon's main story, still need to catch the legendary and check out any post game stuff, but I likely won't put too much time into it. I have a friend who's been bugging me to play dragon quest builders 2 do we can do co-op, so I'll likely start that, and maybe an indie title.
It probably sounds cliche now because it's got such a cult following, but earthbound easily became my favorite SNES game when I played it not too long after release at a friend's house and ended up borrowing it when he was done. Yeah, call me a hipster or whatever, but I was legitimately playing earthbound before it was cool haha I actually knew who Ness was in smash 64.
Star fucking fox, and f-fucking-zero! So mad they've buried these franchisees when they have so much potential! I love nintendo but them thinking they need to reinvent the wheel with some franchisees (see: above) but happily milk others (Mario party, nsmb) can get so annoying! Wanna reinvigorate star fox? Start with a great multiplayer death match and work your way backwards, DON'T do gimmick controls that detract from the gameplay, and make online actually playable. Now you got another a great single player or co-op game, with online multiply to push the NSO. Wanna reinvigorate f-zero? Make a new f-zero, give it an online battle Royale (credit goes to GameXplain for implanting an F-zero 99 into my head), make sure it's got a killer soundtrack and runs 60fps. That's it.
Last I counted...7.. In one episode.
My favorite thing was shooting a charged shot into the water at the start of Corneria and just watching the sploosh. It was just fun.
One day that kids gonna go supersonic
Also not OP but for me it's been a combo of the dpad and the control sticks. I much prefer my dpads or connected (which is why I dislike using the joycons) and my maim analogue sticks to be in the primary position. The second stick could be symmetrical or offset. Yeah, it was strange how comfortable it was on the Wii U pro controller, but having it switched on the dual shock feels sooo uncomfortable and I feel like I have much less control than I should.
Feel like Suda would have it be a little more grotesque than that.
Is believe they advertised conker in Playboy too.
I mean some people didn't like it when they switched from red to grey during the Wii and thought it was them downplaying their history as a video game maker to appease the casual audience. Same logo, just a different color.
I didn't mind the change. It was still the same classic logo, just a different color. I do prefer the red though, I just never saw it as that major a change to get my panties in a bunch about. People are weird though.
Haha I just saw a bunch of these meme ones where the Facebook pic is usually the more wholesome photo, with family or pets, and the IG had the whole "living your best life" feel going for it. But thanks!
Then the Wii U and the gamepad happened though. And I have to disagree sightly, because the famicom and Super famicom were much more toylike in their design, but the NES was specifically made to look like a VCR so that it didn't look like a you or game console, due to the market at the time.
Not gonna lie, I put it on just to get some pics for this dumb meme but ended up playing way longer than expected, especially knowing I had work the next day.
Yeah I had to do a mix, but nintendo has that weird filter on the slate that makes taking screenshots off the in-gane album a pain.
I believe it's called the Royal Guard outfit. I don't remember if it was part of the DLC or not, sorry
Could be! May be related to some of the extra memories I believe you unlock. I'm not sure because I never actually finished the DLC ooppps
Beautiful game, could of had so much more fun with the camera mode, but that one little detail ruined it. I hope they have an option similar to Mario Oddysey for the sequel. Remove the HUD, tons of optional filters, a full screen photo etc
Shiekha tech muscle stimulators in the resurrection chamber maybe???
Should Photoshop the "I'm fine" face on there
Looks like he took a bad edible
I'm not 100% sure of the meme origin itself but I explained it to someone else above.
Oh trust me I thought of that, and having him straddle a pole, but I ended up being too tired to keep playing so I kept it simple and went to bed.
Part of the DLC
Ay ay ay ay oi my back! Ahh!
And now I feel like shit for missing out.... Wondering if it's even worth playing now* and instead waiting, hoping, for a switch port... (*By playing now I mean I'm the next year or two, because I have the Wii u version, planned on paying it this year, but then XC definitive edition was announced soooo.... Yeah. Oh and I still haven't played the Torna DLC)
We all know Nintendo won't do much, especially if they didn't do anything for DKC's anniversary, and DK is miyamotos baby as much as Mario and Zelda, so you'd think they would have done SOMETHING.. So I suggest we as a community try to get something, hope there's enough traction to get it tending, and show Nintendo there's still love for the franchise. Might even be as simple as playing the original on the NSO, taking a screenshot and posting it to your preferred social media.
Ok good!
&gt;Only hole I see is why an old woman would kiss someone who’s more or less a student on the lips to transfer life force when it’s clearly possible via hand touch. Because Disney could only afford controversy for one lesbian kiss and instead of putting it in the foreground with Leia and Rey they hid it in the background with two randos.
Nah I think she used her force projection to pose as Han in his "memory" of him, hoping that would be the push he needs to turn to the light side, and held on long enough to see him do it.
Waiting to leave work so I can listen from the car stereo
I could hear the "fans" complaining already.. "she hugged Rey instead of chewie when had dies, now this?!" With chants of "go woke go broke" or whatever. Ugh.
If any one wants a version with Link I posted one to Casualnintendo
If any one wants a version with Link I posted one to Casualnintendo
Shameless plug to the one I made https://www.reddit.com/r/casualnintendo/comments/eu7t9a/made_a_zelda_meme_for_my_instagram_for_fun/
I had a similar but sort of opposite thing happen in highschool. I was still learning, only playing for about 2 years, couldn't shred, didn't know arpeggios or any of that, but happened to have friends who were all into that technical shit. I just learned by tabs and played some I liked until I felt comfortable enough to improvise my own stuff. One day a friend and I met up, away from the normal group of friends who were, honestly kind of assholes who would tease me about the bands I enjoyed cuz they weren't death or black metal, and this dude told me he see me as a better guitarist than him. I was like, uhm no, but he insisted in saying that I might be lacking in technique, but that I know way more chords than he does, I have more speed, I can play different styles etc, whereas he felt because he only learned by practicing certain techniques over and over and closing himself off to other types of music, that he's much more limited in scope. It was an eye opener for sure.
I went to Yonkers to visit my mom today and had no idea there was a protest scheduled (assuming scheduled because I read that the cities mayor was also involved). What sucks is the ride down the Saw Mill was fine originally, I got off on Nepperhan to run into a convenience store, then went back south only to get stuck in traffic by the next exit. I was there almost an hour and a half before they let us off on Palmer Rd. I kinda wish I kept to the local roads once I was on nepperhan, would have saved so much time haha
Visibility
So after playing the original on Wii (and never really playing a modern jrpg until that point), then XC2 a year after it launched in switch.. I can say that the lingo and flow of combat has finally made sense (break, to topples, to daze etc) but I still can't help but feel that XC2 had the better system, if only for the fact that I didn't spend so much time staring at the arts rather than the battle. I didn't get much time to play XCDE this weekend, and I'm sure I'll eventually be able to remember what each art does so I don't have to read the description, but even just looking down to make sure the right one is selected is a major distraction for me. I can't help but didn't most of the battles with my eyes glued to the arts and cool down meters. Surely I'm not the only one who has this problem right?
Maybe it's still early on, but the combat in xc1 feels much slower in my opinion. Again, I haven't even left colony 6 yet, and I know eventually I'll have a bigger party and more arts, but I remember even during the end of the game on my original play thru, a lot of my time battling was spent looking at the arts bar. I will say this though: Customizing the bar is a huge help, so if anyone is struggling with it, know that you can customize it. I had all my attacks on the left, and all my buffs on the right, which made things easier, but still not as ideal or comfortable as I found XC2s combat to be.
Yeah it was somewhat rare. There was a whole campaign to have it localized outside of Japan, then Nintendo decided to make it a GameStop exclusive because they probably thought it wouldn't sell well. GameStop didn't help matters because they would open up new copies to sell as used and markup the price since they were the only retailer selling it, so a lot of people just outright refused to pay $90 from them. I didn't pick up my copy until a few months after launch, after hearing all the hype and controversy. I just remember seeing it online somewhere for $70 and decided to bite before it got more expensive, which turned out to be great because not only did I love the game (and this is coming from someone who's only RPG experiences were super Mario RPG, earthbound, Pokemon red, and quest 64) but it turned out to be a collectors edition with an artbook! Love me some artbooks haha.
RE2 still isn't available physically right?
Wow I just realized this. I thought it was part of the origins collection for some reason.
My ex's little brother became a cop. His family loved throwing casual racist jokes my way, "teasing" as they'd call it. I've been waiting for the day I see his name come up in the news as one of these assholes who kills someone unnarmed or already in custody.
Well fucking said.
&gt;Some others I'd say are, quite frankly, high-minded priviliged white kids. The kind that have Che Guavara posters in their dorms but haven't been assed to read a page of Marx. They could see this as their big chance to be involved in the revolution before going back to their suburban homes not quite grasping the harm they've actually done to the movement and community they claim they want to help. Just want to throw this in there as what could be a high profile example. Millionaire YouTuber Jake Paul has been filmed allegedly looting a mall, in Florida I believe. The only thing I know about Jake Paul is that he's consistently used as an example of a douchebag who uses the N word on his channel and tries to take it back by saying it was a joke or whatever. If this isn't the prime example of someone of privilege going out there and making a mockery of what is a legitimate movement / protest, I don't know what is. Had I more time I would love to link an example of him and other bad actors who are trying to de-legitimize what the protests are about. Edit: apparently Jake Paul and Logan Paul are brothers, I honestly didn't know there was two of them just remembered surname Paul + YouTuber and stories of racist rhetoric and the suicide Forrest stunt that was pulled. So I might be wrong about which is which, but the point still stands that he's out there, on film, amongst those destroying property.
[here ya go](https://www.cbsnews.com/news/youtube-star-jake-paul-denies-looting-arizona-mall/)
James' impressions are uncanny!
I'm with you here, I keep these episodes on my phone at all times. If I wanna go back to something else I'll just pull it up on the old YouTubes machine but the best of's are all here, and they're great.
Nah they're covered in tiny bits of Shredders amor. Sharks and shredder both dine on turtle soup, everyone knows that.
Seriously that was one hot android.
Well, you need something to warm you up from the inside...
Tea so good some are known to suck on the bag itself
&gt;So you're not OK with silencing Homosexuals, but you'll gladly silence Homophobes? Isn't that like saying "Lets make all white people slaves"? &gt; &gt;Silence no-one. If you don't agree with them, just ignore them. Instead, you've given this person a platform. Gonna have to disagree about this. Ignoring an opinion, or a stupid remark is one thing, but homophobia (like racism) can lead to actual damage if left unchecked. If the guy OP is referring to had said "I don't understand homosexuality, but that's just me, it's not something I've experienced in my life or have knowledge about" that's fine, it's his opinion and/or belief and he's entitled to it. I'll just ignore it and move on. But if his post was using slurs, or tagging hategroups, or inciting violence against LGBT+ people's.. . I'm sorry but I will have to speak up at that point. Just like I'm speaking up now, and ignoring a bunch of dumb comments I'm seeing.
&gt;What you should do is articulate a response to it, challenging the view point and educating others and trying to win people around to your view point. &gt; &gt;Otherwise noone learns and each side just grows to dislike eachother even more. Please re-read: &gt; But if his post was using slurs, or tagging hategroups, or inciting violence against LGBT+ people's.. . I'm sorry but I will have to speak up at that point. Just like I'm speaking up now, and ignoring a bunch of dumb comments I'm seeing. Speaking up =/= silencing someone else. I don't see how this would be considered "cancel culture" if the point I'm making is exactly what you said. Speaking up, articulating, not insulting, not blindly reporting, but trying to get a dialogue going. &gt;You can't dictate who can and can not say what they want, no matter how much you agree or disagree with it. That's what the Nazi's did. Know what else the Nazis did? Round up homosexuals, and I'd speak out against that.. Which is the entire point I made. I don't know how you're equating me with them. First you say "just ignore them" but I disagreed and said no, don't ignore all of them, take a stand where it matters, and you claim I'm silencing people, but also want me to articulate my argument so I can try to persuade people to be on my side. Your message is a bit confusing.
No! Not at all. The old book is maybe 10 pages or so, very small. The new book is pretty massive, with tons of art, multiple characters and different versions (shows off all the armor and concept sketches).
I believe they participated in a pride parade last year
&gt;The cop has been aressted, and hopefully the other three officers that did nothing to intervene will follow. 1. Arrest isn't Justice. He needs to be tried and, hopefully, convicted, but all too often we see these same types get off and get to go back to their regular lives, often times even go back to work. That's what these protest are about. It's not just that a man was killed by a cop, but it was a brutal killing and we demand accountability.. For once. 2. He's under house arrest. With police protection. He's not in some jail cell awaiting trial, he's in the comfort of his home, locked inside.. Like many of us happen to be during COVID. Dude could just crack open a beer, and binge on Netflix all day. 3. The justice system is already slow, but add covid on top of that and now there's longer waits for things to get to trial. Oh and because of the broken system we currently, I'm sure his date will get pushed back further and further as they decide to prosecute other offenders first. Especially with how many people may end up getting arrested for much minor infractions. So he'll be in the comfort of his home for months. That is not justice.
As blink-182 once said: "I wasn't masturbating, I was just cleaning it and it went off!" Same energy.
And no one is asking for a lynching!
&gt;, unless you want to resort to mob trial and sentence him on the spot without due process...which it kinda sounds like you do, to be honest. Never said that, never would condone that. You're putting words in my mouth there. In fact I literally mentioned that his trial will most likely get pushed back due to multiple factors so how dare you even insinuate that I or anyone else wants mob justice this very second. Protestors want justice, they're making their voices heard and that's all. We want the police, and the mayor's office, and the DA and the world to know that that we demand justice. We don't want this swept under the rug and out of the public eye. We don't want evidence to conveniently go missing. We don't want a light sentence. We don't want this officer who has 14 other misconduct issues on his record to go back to work in the same position where he can go on to endanger more lives. We want reform for a broken system that repeatedly allows all of the above to happen. That is not mob justice. That is not a lynching. Mark my words, whenever this guy does go to trial and gets found not guilty on any charges and gets reinstated to his job to perpetuate the actions that lead to an unnecessary deaths, the protestors will be back at it again.
Same for when he references characters being horny in DBZ
I've had mine since launch far, and other than the joy con drift (which only started happening around mid 2019).. nothing. Not scratched, never dropped it, thought it didn't turn on once but it turns it the battery was drained because I didn't properly dock it.
Built the wrong wall
My buddy and I, both mid 30s, saw Cheech and Chong do a show in Connecticut like maybe 2, 3 years back. We drove out there, found some parking a few blocks away and decided to smoke up in the car, walk down to the venue and enjoy (since we didn't know the venue and how lax they are about smoking, or even what kinda set up it would be). They go on, start doing their bits and within 5 mins, Chong makes some anti Trump jokes and it bombs. Hard. Tommy looks a bit confused like ok maybe that joke didn't land, continues, but then comes another and by this point there's plenty of boo's from the crowd. Remember, we were high when we walked in, so we weren't really paying much attention then, but now we're looking around and we're just 2 of a few non white faces in the crowd. And it was obviously an older crowd since it's not like we grew up with them while they were huge, shit my first memory of Cheech was the movie Born in East LA which I'm pretty sure was after they broke up. So yeah, maaaybe they boo'd because they didn't want political jokes and wanted them to do strictly weed jokes, but it felt kinda tense in there after that. Security shining a light towards us and demanding someone in our row to not smoke also didn't help, but that was the first time I felt paranoid while high since, well, when I first smoked. Boomers are just weird. Perfectly fine laughing about weed and Mexicans, but talk bad about Trump and suddenly it's boo get off the stage.
Someone shared a screenshot of this a few days ago, didn't realize it was animated. I love this so much more lol
Her staring let's me know she cares
Yeah it took me a while to realize I have terrible eating habits because we grew up "poor" and my mom would force us to eat every last bite. Even now as an adult and realizing it, I'll struggle with listening to my body and just stopping when I've had my fill. I'll feel compelled not to leave any food behind and shove it down my throat to the point where I want to explode. Also, I put poor in quotes because I'm not exactly sure how poor we were. She definitely grew up poorer in her home county than my siblings and I had it in the US, but we also never struggled so much that there was NO food on the table. I've started thinking she just brought a lot of her own issues from growing up poor to the table.
I was gonna treat myself to something new for my birthday, may as well!
Big ol' yes if you're Adam of the genre. It's a masterful platformer, can be tough as nails at times but SO satisfying when you overcome a troubling spot. In terms of replayability, there's a few things to collect each stage, but I hear the reward for 100% everything is lackluster. Personally, I only collected what I needed to to unlock the bonus stages, which are just brutal challenges. Fucking love it. Oh and if the difficulty scares you, the switch version has a NEW FUNKY MODE that's easier. I haven't played it, but the sale has me thinking of double dipping here.
Haha not my birthday yet, but thanks! I was gonna buy marvel ultimate alliance, since it's still eligible for gold coins, but I might have to pick up something else with it too take advantage of the sales. Haven't decided what though.
I'm ready!
Your bother is radical!
I've been playing XCDE since launch, so I'll continue that, but after finally beating Gris yesterday, I want to try my hand at another small indie game that I can play on the side. This weekend will be The Way Remastered. Had it on my sd card for forever now, decided to try it out and I dig it! Bought it on a whim when it was on sale and highly recommended. Only played through the first chapter/mission (stealing the spaceship) before binging on XC. Oh and I'm still playing animal crossing daily. My island's at the long where I have everything where I want it, just fine tuning outside decorations and what not. Hit 5 star status a few weeks back, didn't think I would!
Gris was beautiful but I'm disappointed in how it ended. Not the games ending itself, but how I ended the experience. I first played it maybe 2 months ago. Planned on playing it over the weekend a few hours here and there, and get it done. I was really drawn into the world (no pun intended) because of the beautiful art style, and the atmosphere soundtrack. But for some reason I put the game down for a few weeks. Came back to it, felt a little lost, found my way, got sucked in, gained some be abilities, but then put it down for another few weeks. Decided to play it yesterday, while on a very boring conference call, so the volume was muted so I could listen to the call. Once again, felt a little lost, backtracked to somewhere familiar, backtracked again, made some progress into new territory and BAM. Suddenly there's a cut scene, I'm expecting another chase sequence like the under water section, but no. The game ended. I was just so caught off guard at how abrupt it was, partly because there was no indication I was nearing the end (and if there was I missed it having not played in weeks/months) but mostly because of how it just wasn't the ideal way to end it. For a game that pills you in with it's visuals and sounds, playing it on mute and only half paying attention wasn't what it deserved. I'll have to give it a go some time in the future and give it undivided attention.
Never beat this game on the GameCube. I got to what seemed to be the final boss, but the auto save checkpoint just outside the boss fight left me with little to no health. There's one healthpack or so nearby, but it wasn't enough. The boss has the best aim with a mini gun I've ever seen.
Yeah definitely getting it done over 3 or 4 nights would have been ideal, shame I didn't stick with it that first weekend. Just completed The Way Remastered this way and enjoyed it a lot. As for the little light orbs, that ending area seems to indicate how many you collected in each are, I think I had maybe 2 or 3 missing, so perhaps I'll go back and try to do it again and see if there's a better ending, but likely not any time soon.
I dig it.
Wasn't sure where to ask this because trying to search usually yields results for the original releases and not switch so... How does the online co-op run in switch? I probably wouldn't get this for myself but my cousin is into shooters more and is always looking for more co-op games to play, so I'd g give it a shot if we could play together.
Tha k you for the response, I'm glad to hear it's pretty stable, and the drop in/drop out makes it much more enticing. I was gonna get him the Pokemon DLC as a birthday gift but was hesitant after he said he didn't enjoy it as much as he'd thought, so I think borderlands might be the best bet. Gonna see if I can get it as part of the Target sale going on..
&gt;I cut my dad out a while back. I felt very conflicted for a while If it's a parents job to raise their children in a safe and healthy manner, than he has failed as a parent by making you feel the way you did to the point that you had to cut ties. &gt;but my mental health has never been better. And there you go. I've had toxic family too, and just the thought of having to deal with some of them "because they're family" or "because I have to" at things like holidays would send me into an anxious, depressed spiral. Then one day I decided I don't have to deal with anyone, blood relative or not, that makes me feel that way, and my life has been better for it. Proud of you.
Not gonna lie, I would listen to the shit out of that. TMBTP is my favorite Talking Heads song.
I hear they'll release that video of a glass of water only to super duper cosmic fans who pledge $100 a month. I'll let you know how glorious that video is.
Neighbors can be women too
It's actually short for: Jimmy-jam, the mystery man. Lots of mystery, so mysterious. Who is he? He's Jimmy!
There was a ton of hype at release, in my circle anyway. We'd take cool picks, veg out parents to take us to blockbuster, and print out and trade our photos that we turned into stickers. I think that was the full experience.
&gt; nothing at all Stupid sexy flanders
It's a little disingenuous to leave it at that. Earning less gets you free coverage in some states, yes, but you need to ask how much less are you earning? I can tell you, in New York State, if you're earning less than. $17,000 then yes, you can get free medical, dental and vision. Would YOU like to live on 17k? That's gross income by the way, not net. It's free because someone trying to live off that couldn't afford the $20/40mon dollar plans that someone earning a little more (up to $21k/yr) would have to pay, and especially not the $400*-$1000+/Mon someone earning over $21k/yr would have to pay. Again, I can only speak for New York, but yeah whole earning less gets you more, it's not some luxury. Not having to pay for insurance when you can hardly afford food or rent is just a bandaid on a larger problem. Source: I deal in Obamacare
Finally beat it a few weeks ago, and the only disappointed I had was the fact that I didn't just play it in one shot, or at least over the course of a weekend. I put it down for weeks, came back to it, put it down for weeks again, decided to play it while on a boring conference call not realizing my last save was literally before the ending. I played for less than 5 mins before the cutscene happened and the credits rolled. Beautiful game, I'm gonna have to give it another go some time.
But it turns out to be a mental breakdown talking about maintaining your health because you want to make sure you live to see your kids grow and are healthy enough to be able to provide for them. Love these.
Again, I can only speak for New York because that's where I'm trained in the ACA, but do you understand what living off of $17k gross income is? In New York? Maybe that's a liveable wage where you're from, but not here, hence why the poorest of the poor get a bit more help. That's all I was trying to say.
Trust me I know. When I first picked it up I think I sat for 2 solid hours and was so immersed in that world. The music really helps pull you in, along with the stunning art direction.
This is so damn cute!
That's uh... Just my exit mouse.. He's totally harmless...
That's almost sad to watch, but then I remember all the vile things he said and done, or vile things said and done on his behalf by his administration or supporters, and all I can think is: "good, if it puts an end to all this."
Actually thanks to back to the future 2, I only ever imagine Reagan in a tan suit.
Highly recommend zoolert. Set it up for a switch to buy as a gift. Took a couple of tries because the restock alerts would happen when I was asleep, but one day I got an alert at maybe 10am, hopped on the Amazon link and got one for msrp. Recently did the same for ringfit adventure. A day after setting up the alert, I got a text while at the pharmacy, maybe 4pm, and same thing happened. Clicked the Amazon link, was able to check out without a hitch. In fact ring fit went by much smoother than the switch, because there were a few "unable to add to cart errors."
Yeah I noticed this when I got outside the mines, couldn't remember if I noticed it on the original wii game. Any other areas like this where you can see another area?
Haha yeah that's a pretty simple one, though you likely won't know you'll traverse that in your first play through.
Roberto with some sweet 80s hair
"nEeDs mOrE cOnTeNt!" Well there you go, whiners.
Glad to see I'm not the only one who feels this way. Over in the summer update thread for AC I made a bit of a snide remark, not calling out the OP from the post you're mentioning or anything, but last I noticed it was quickly downvoted. So I'll reiterate here what my last comment on the matter said, in a much less snarky way: 400hrs on a single game only released 2 months ago doesn't NEED more content, you just WANT more content. Too many games don't seem to understand needs and wants see every different things, and this is why so many people, myself included, find those games to be entitled. Like OP said, 400hrs in this game since it came out if equivalent to playing it like a full time job. If it lacked so much content, how did you get to that 400 mark in the first place? Surely you would have seen all there is to see by the 40hr mark, which is what most people like to see in a full price game.
I guarantee you it will once the summer updates run their course. And the same people complaining will act as if a fall update won't be coming. Or a winter one. Even if this is your first AC it doesn't take much to see the game is getting continuous updates, or realize that there will be in game holidays roughly mirroring real life ones. So by fall people who have put 1000hrs into the game shouldn't be complaining that there's not enough content because they should know by then that Toy Day is coming which will add more to the game.
&gt; Launch players had to wait a month before Redd would show up. So why does someone buying the game today not have to wait a month, if that's Nintendo's grand plan? It's not consistent with the "AC is a slow game and Nintendo has a plan" excuse. It's been at least a few weeks since Redd has shown up for me, and I've been playing the game since launch. Also, have you actually played the game? Depending on how a new user decides to play the game, they will have to go through what's basically the games tutorial before certain things open up. I didn't upgrade from a tent to a home for at least a week, while I had some friends grind away to be on their second room in that same time frame. If you buy the game today, and only play an hour or so a day, it's going to take a bit of time for you to do everything you need to JUST to get the ladder, so even if Redd shows up to your island today, you can't physically get to him the moment you take control of your character. So while new players might technically have more available to them in terms of data patched in, the nature of AC is still a slow burn. A new player will still have things to work towards and not be able to see even some of the day 1 stuff like terraforming for quite a while. Plus you're also failing to acknowledge that players starting now will have missed some content, like bunny day items, or Sakura items. Without time traveling, or playing the game as intended, those new players will have to wait another 9 months to see that content. Because animal crossing IS a slow game, and it's been pointed out several times now that Nintendo indeed has a plan.
When you done facing off, but she uncaged your Nicolas.
Plus plus the Avengers did try to create a perimeter to contain the threat as best they could. I doubt the schwarma place was ground zero of the attack, just somewhere around that perimeter that wasn't badly damaged. Also, stark had mentioned seeing it, knowing how he is he probably decided "I'm gonna protect this building the most because I want it"
To be fair they probably wanted their orders rushed because a tornado was coming. No one wants to die on an empty stomach /S
Plus there's the convenience factor. If I'm in a rush, don't have time or just don't feel like dealing with a sit down meal, even if it's some fast food spot, a hot dog is just one of those convenient and quick meals you can eat on the go, one handed. If you get halal for, chicken and rice, you can't really walk and eat. You're gonna find an out of the way place to stand, or if you're lucky a spot to sit and enjoy that shit. Hot dogs and kebabs are literally the "I ain't got time for that" food. I ain't got time for a fork, gimme that one handed shit I can kill in 3 bites and maybe a soda and let's goooo I got places to be.
I feel like the only time field skills became tedious was in the late game when they required high levels and I had to slightly jiggle multiple blades across the team to complete whatever it was I was doing. It also helped realizing halfway through the game that I didn't need a single blade to have that skill level up. But by that point I also had so many blades leveled up easily from the mercy missions that it became a non issue. If I had spent time grinding away blades in pointless battles, I could see that being tedious, but luckily I didn't.
Could also be that his home is above the restaurant. Could also be the place wasn't even open since the battle took place early in the morning* so the dude could have just been home when everything happens then when it's over avengers show up, and if he was working he was probably just prepping the place for lunch (I don't know schwarma, do they do breakfast?) *We know the battle was early because if Nick fury's line when someone says the navigation systems are out: "is the sun coming up? Then put it on the left."
So he's known about COVID since January. He's known about Russians putting bounty's on American troops since January. What exactly was Trump doing in January that he was *so busy* and couldn't focus on these two things??
[surrounded, nowhere to run](https://i.imgur.com/NKTAeo8.png)
