Thanks! Me too
It's more like a 2 minute dragged out bit on family guy
georgia's in florida dumbass
&gt; lol haha me too thanks
hmmm reminds me of a certain subreddit *cough* /r/GetMotivated *cough*
I swear we're gunna see some creepy ass Black Mirror shit in the future to counter this lying about age shit in criminal cases
silly other cars, don't they know spraying water on the windshield makes you go faster? like red paint, rgb, and sick ass gaming chairs?
post everything to /r/me_irl they'll upvote anything
any good recommendations?
he's nothing like junkrat. Stain's cold calculating. Junkrat's a hothead. If anything stain's skillset is like a mix of genji's mobility + easy anna sleep, which equals a balancing nightmare.
like 40% of the human faced characters in this anime have spikey hair. Not all of them are junkrats. he doesn't even have blonde hair
Down with GDI!
0.2 plus 0.2 is 0.4 plus 1 that's 1.4 quik shaq
holy shit. I can see it. do I have super powers?
they have pretty thicc quads, so I assume their strong legs can resist the crushing force. I have no explanation how they can withstand a double barreled chainsaw tank though.
Murica! fuck yeah
Japanese people are super into health and stuff. Hardcore training before the age of 13-14 isn't that great in the long term due to premature testosterone interfering with growth spurts and stuff. He met All Might and started working out around the age of 14. I'm pretty sure Izuku's somewhat proficient in martial arts cos his reactionary hip throw on Bakugou is pretty sick
If they cast him as Archer, they don't even need to CG his upper lips. If they start off with Bob's Burger Archer
Toru's so cute &lt;3
The media had no idea who eraserhead was until his press conference during All Might vs All for One arc. The villains probably knew eraserhead's skillset and hero name from the stolen schedule outlining which teachers are attending. Until they discover the traitor, I'm pretty sure none of their secrets are safe.
iida's engine have gears, so he can't go 0-60 in 1.9 seconds. Ingeniums quirk gives him higher acceleration 100% OFA jump is clearly faster than any of iida's gears, so deku can just close the distance with a single sacrificial jump when iida's warming up and use full cowl or detroit smash, and the fight's over.
So basically the pass quirks down portion of OfA is the perfect counter to AfO
Users at that level will probably never be able to utilize 100% of its power and be eggs in a microwave forever.
who knows? maybe AfO could bless you with an immortality quirk
get your head out of the gutter
If we're using OfA as a metric, it's possible some holders of OfA could have very short careers. It's heavily implied that every OfA fought AfO at some point. Only All Might managed to accumulate enough to defeat AfO. Therefore it's reasonable to assume AfO have been frequently eradicating/overseeing the holders of OfA for a long time. therefore it's safer to side on the 160 years. If we look at All Might, he's no older than 35, since he's at peers with Aizawa who's 30. He went to UA and he was quirkless, so he must have gotten OfA around 14-15. So he held OfA for at most 20 years. He fought AfO around 5 years before, around mid to late 20s and was gravely wounded. If he was not the strongest OfA holder, he would've died by then. Therefore, we can assume the average OfA life expectancy is ~15 years. So 15 x 7 + 20 is the new low approximation which makes the range 125 to 160 years
exactly, for all we know, we could have 7 OfA holders in 7 years.
I think I see a pattern with their season ordering. [Spoiler](#s "every odd season ends with All Might going bananas, and even has a huge tournament style arc and ends with Deku going bananas")
the original naruto in the first ~50 episodes have no fillers the first 130 have very few fillers.
&gt; her arms are in the dead hang position, she's not looking up ah yes, I too can tell where an invisible girl is looking and is in fact in a dead hang position which is *completely* different from a pull up position and her feet behind her is totally an indication that she's performing a deadhang instead of a pull up and definitely *not* an indication of poor form. invisibility offers tremendous combat advantages against robots and villains with superpowers like disintegrating things on touch, burning shit, and super strength and speed.
Except for todobaku. that's allowed anytime of the week
If we go by Toru is the traitor theory, she could've altered the scoreboard so she can stay in the 1-A class to scout out potential villain recruits and spy on Midoriya and All Might. She could be a super skilled hacker or something
"You can either be informed and your own rulers, or you can be ignorant and have someone else, who is not ignorant, rule over you." ~ The Memeconomist
You don't actually lose sensation. You still feel pain, it's just not crippling pain like stepping on lego.
he's smashing his quads #legdays
to be fair, you have to have a very high IQ to understand Pickle Rick. The wubba lubba dub dub is extremely subtle, and without a solid grasp of szechuan sauce most of the jokes will go over a typical viewer’s head.
Next thing you know people be riding with drills on their rims, and spikes on their hood mad max style
Toru: 1, 2, 1, 1
If you're disciplining correctly, you don't have to beat yo kids more than once... every 1-2 month
Don't invest more than you're willing to lose
Never underestimate the power of the scout's code
What if she has full control of the magnitude of the force but not the vector? Although, the same can be said if she reduced mass (she can manipulate how much mass she's taking away). I think OP is just ruling out the mass reduction mechanism so he can prove his point. However I think mass reduction is even a stronger ability because if she can reduce a tiny object's mass but not it's structure, she can reduce an object's schwarzschild radius to make blackholes.
The antagonist is old and prolong their life through their power stealing ability (Royal Pain/AfO)
Tomorrow is history
If Shoto wanted to piss off his dad so much, why didn't he ever turn into an All Might super fan like Izuku and Nighteye? I mean All Might inspired him to be a hero, and dressing like All Might would send his dad over the edge. He could use ice to make All Might horns for a double diss
*looks at nighteye :(* *silently wishes shoto takes up his mantle*
When I was 9, some 12 y/o said the same thing in Taco Bell
&gt; The girls getting screentime You mean aside from Uraraka and Tsuyu?
it'll be hilarious if the American no. 1 is a weeaboo
she'd give one hellofa handjob
Double should have firearms cos his quirk gives him infinite ammo.
+----------+ |+--------+| || lol I suck || |+--------+| +----------+
Nah, tis just a beggar.
Bernie's not calming down until everyone's calmed down
BIG if WOW
F-52?
Naruto graduated from squeaky voice chain smoker to regular voice chain smoker
!redditgarlic
Pan-a-Mac Anal
Michigan's gotta defrag that season
!redditgarlic memeticmachine
The whole point of a meme is to repost. Go to /r/KarmaCourt or /r/KarmaConspiracy to file your complaints
!redditgarlic
I thought one tricks climb faster?
🎺🎺🎺 🎺🎺🎺 🎺🎺🎺 🎺🎺🎺
Krombopulos Krabs
Yeah, my cat whisperer told me that too!
was the bastion not shooting your shield?
that's actually a pretty good assassin. They can't question him if he died with you
The script's written by Aaron Sorkin
I see you've played knifey spoony before
did someone order a pizza with extra sausage?
\- Roundabout
I just realized how useful it would be to actually edit stuff in the copy buffer someone should build a shell command that does that
~$ xclip --help ~$ xclip -selection ~$ xclip -selection c -o | missile_alert_state_test ~$ sudo xclip -selection c -o | missile_alert_state ~$ adsfkasdflkjasdlkfjsslkdfkjw
mind telling us what is inside? for those of us who are curious?
The solution's on Quora
What is your favorite self-propelled precision guided munition system? What is your favorite statement or event that indicates a possible or impending danger, problem or other unpleasant situation?
class field? missile alert? immutable thingamabob?
what's the point of watching early reviews for EA games?
pooping is always satisifying
Belgium, Brazil, Battlestar Galatica
the whole pitchfork or just the pitch?
the only problem with it is the lack of context. The image looks cropped. Without a distinct light source, it looks as if Cthulhu's phosphorescent fart is rising out of the sea. The fairly dim rock outcrop isn't helping either. Wet rocks have a shine in the sunset
You go to mcdonalds to avoid getting poisoned
"I didn't carry this battering ram up 6 flights of stairs and not use it" ~Boyle, probably
if it's from brooklyn 99, that's totally a rosa thing. I just said boyle cos it's a very common cop name.
Reading this comment reassured m... god damn it
Well... Leon did die. I'm getting mixed messages... I thought the moral of the story is that if you sleep with underaged girls you get shot in the back and get blown up in a grenade vest. It's a pretty positive message until you realized that the director is a pedo... I wonder if it's a biographical suicide letter 🤔
When the great priest stopped Toppo and Goku's fight, was he more worried about Toppo going all out? Theoretically, Toppo could've just killed Goku in the prelims since killing was allowed. However, this would've angered the Xenos since Goku's still their friend. Or perhaps, was the Great priest worried about Toppo being disqualified from entering the tournament? Since him becoming a GOD removes Toppo's mortal status.
You never know when you have to fight gwyn with a frying pan while making a pancake
One becomes so sicken with S2, he terminates his involvement in the Manga.
Shove your fist in your ass for shit damage
if he gouged his eyes out, he'd be bat
now that he has marzia down, he's going for that second family.
"generic litany of happy-go-lucky non-sequiturs about being better at god-knows-what" ~ /r/GetMotivated ~ also Famous Celebrity
king krippler doesn't sound too bad technically, death is a sort of disability
the male genital organ of higher vertebrates, the duct serving both as the liquid waste deposal and the transfer of male gametes.
she's probably a gun girl. should've shoved a glock in the dessert
The Microsoft Marketing dude literally said they named it Infinite cos it sounded cool.
good bot
/r/TrumpCriticizesTrump
Check yoself before you rek urself
Or Thor not putting the mind stone some place incredibly obvious only a genius would think of.
Yeah, if hitler made that mein kampf more fun and witty, I'm sure he'd be a smashing hit nowadays!
he refers to himself in the third person.
Can I pretend to be whatever race guru pathik is?
we're all OP on this blessed day
Avatar people are aliens. They have no 1-1 correspondence with human races ... before you say anything... I AM talking about the right avatar people
human in their language refers to whatever species they are. you think they'd subtitle the entire show? something something convergent cultural evolution
[Yes](https://pics.me.me/im-not-sayingitwas-aliens-but-aliens-com-memes-com-17650239.png)
Look at guy with a father over here
Soon to be "A screenshot from Cyberpunk 2078. A game made by CD Projekt Red, who blessed us with Cyberpunk 2077 and that other game."
Jokes on you. The laborer can't count
Maybe the Therapist is a furrlessy
draw me like one of your rare puppers?
"Gentlemen, there's a solution here you're not seeing." ~ 99% of the white house staffers
step 1: be rich
"Quirks are fun. If it's not fun why bother?"
&gt; and I want to know asap if I get the job or not ... doofus: "do I get the job?" interviewer: "no"
Usually, in decent companies, the interviewer hasn't decided on your status by the end of the entire interview process. They need to discuss with other interviewers and tabulate your score and evaluate your cultural fit before selecting the best candidates. When you get in the final pool of candidates, it sometimes comes down to chance on whether you get the position. Getting a no or any obviously negative review right away gives you 0 chance of landing the job whereas undetermined gives you some chance. No sane tech company gives you yes right away. If you ever get in an interview for a formal tech position and the guy gives you the job right away, walk away.
No. it was Dendrology test. Had to stay up to tree in the morning
appreciating some good ol american wood huh?
The author managed to write that foreshadowing so well in third person limited pov. I initially thought it was a red herring, and that the real fire was set by Mr. Haberdasher next door
The other dog used Tesla's machine in the Prestige
I prefer non-realistic interactable killing using my comically large base-ball bat-like weener (&gt; 3 inches)
Technically according to FIFA law 12 'Cautions for unsporting behavior', diving is considered an attempt to deceive the referee and therefore SHOULD receive a yellow card. It's still up to the ref to make that call.
Imagine there are 2 types of parents: Shitty and Good parents. If u were to escape to another country, would u bring your child along and slow you down if u were a shitty parent? The probability of this leans towards 0. For unknown migrants, the prob of shitty parents bring kids over is close to 0. In the US, parents are separated from kids precisely because they are Shitty parents. The prob of Shitty parents is close to 1. Using probability, it is insane to separate migrant parents, and sane to separate known shitty parents
You are what u eat. He’s either a gummy or vitamins now. Not much of a life imo
What if getting caught was part of afo’s plan? Of course! Maybe his next step is destroying the prison, with no survivors!
Relevant username
I bet the kitten prefers Excalibur
he got her capri sun. dat monster :(
He was supposed to be the chosen one. he was suppose to stop the memes, not join them.
time for some room 101ing
your username reads password-*******
*catches one for all mid air *one for all empty *throws united states of smash
but why? this is one of the many unanswered questions. why would a chaos-driven basically-immortal pseudo-god care for a relative of one of his arch nemesis aside from pissing off said nemesises?
Nope, Shigaraki still only has his 1 quirk. the only confirmed characters with multiple/mutated quirks are nomus and OfA users.
They're also responsible for determining whether or not the food has spit in them.
measure once, draw once.
I've caught up in the manga, in which chapter did we get this reveal? I might've missed it.
Yes. from the snap. RIP
absolute and unearned power corrupts absolutely. One for all is built on the principle that its insane power is derived from training and generations of selective process and guidance from the predecessor. Furthermore, OfA users that are significantly powerful to fight on par with AfO need to train for that power. This combination of factors has a tendency for OfA users to be less corrupt than those born with power. While foils like Bakugo embodies some of the corruptedness of being born with unearned power, AfO magnifies this effect 1000 folds. His base quirk is literally stealing quirks, and he's shown no restraint to use it aside from cold logic (he ignores quirks that are hard to master and doesn't counter OfA). From our glimpse, AfO has shown no indication that he can act remotely decent. I'm all for well developed and sympathetic villains, but there are certain characters like Muscular, who simply act as another mountain for the character to climb. Some villains just want the world to burn. Unless evidence proves otherwise
Ok. AfO is joker. Deku is Batman. Not all humans have “real emotions”. Mental illness exists. Not all great villains are dynamic and 3D. Certain great villains are great because they are static. MCU killmonger, first green goblin in spiderman Killmonger killed his gf. First green goblin framed his son’s best friend and kidnaped his son’s gf. Pretty dick move to people he “care for”
Are we concerned with the family separation part the fact that Jeffy boy is using the bible to justify? Would we be as concerned if he used the Quran?
I agree with your point. It’s pretty much the same as my initial view. People are acting like we know for certain that AfO is a complex villain. I’m simply saying even if we never see or mention AfO ever again, he’d still be a good villain and the story wouldn’t suffer. Implying someone has a background isn’t the same as showing. We can imply the joker has a fucked up past, but that doesn’t make him complex. keeping his backstory shrouded in mystery can make him as effective as the old jokers. A complex character is defined primarily on change that is shown.
"I'm a vegetarian not because I love animals, but because I hate plants" ~ some redditor
it's a sacrifice to appeal to the snake god! All Hail Yig!
use your see holes and copy it with your grab sausages
Out of curiosity what’s the pocket knife for when working out? For protection? Or part of a routine?
IW chute is more intuitive to close. Accounting for peter almost drowning
*5 million you need to pay a minimum of $2. 2-buy-2-sell cycle requires an initial payment of $2 -&gt; $1 per cycle -&gt; nets a 15 million in 15 million + 2 cycles. 100-buy-100-sell cycle requires an initial payment of $100 -&gt; gaining $50 per cycle -&gt; nets a 15 million gain in such 300200 cycles ~ 3 times 100000 -&gt; 100000 cycles giving 5 million - 100
they lost the will
yay! that means I can be a presidential candidate right?
game of throne season 8 flashback scene: beyond the Wall before the first Winter
They're turning the frogs gay we know swans can be gay swans are ugly ducklings ducklings are basically water doggos frogs are also dirty, ergo they're dirty dogs
I'm hoping for a decent Republican president undoing Trump's mess in 2020-2024, just to stop non-bipartisan republicans from complaining about the Dems. [Sometimes going in full reverse after crashing into a wall isn't the answer.](http://www.gifbin.com/bin/042014/1396975659_austin_powers_threepointturn_fail.gif)
What would you even do with 2TB of data? Stream HD videos on Netflix/Hulu/HBO/other streaming service continuously? What kinda phone would you need to take advantage of that plan?
not if it's hot, you wanna skim the top. otherwise you'd be tasting pain you can shovel it, after you stir it for 5 minutes. It's a huge waste of time imo
reposting isn't something you say. it's something you do
Could be Sokka's just not that into Suki. I heard he likes larger women...
8==✊D 8=✊=D 8✊==D 8=✊=D 8==✊D 8=✊=D~~ :==D :=D
at most 98%. US has 50 states
I don't actually bike or do law stuff, but I'm pretty sure laws are applied by the State where you perform the act and not by your home State. percentage here refers to if you have the probability of seeing a biker cut lanes at any state in US. obviously land mass and road density isn't equally distributed per State, but even if California is slightly below the average land mass/road density 99% is too high, and... I think you get the point
For Tony, the script's taped to the inside of the ironman suit
[k](https://www.google.ca/url?sa=i&amp;rct=j&amp;q=&amp;esrc=s&amp;source=images&amp;cd=&amp;cad=rja&amp;uact=8&amp;ved=2ahUKEwiR69zVv-vbAhVvIjQIHSnPDicQjRx6BAgBEAU&amp;url=https%3A%2F%2Fimgur.com%2Fgallery%2F4sLrXwg&amp;psig=AOvVaw2ofdYBm3gtQiuk2TH6jFzc&amp;ust=1529902117458859)
Iranian Goalkeeper is his surname slept in the street is his given name His full name is "slept in the street Iranian Goalkeeper"
why yesterday? they could deliver everything you're ever going to need your entire life the day you're conceived. dad: "hey martha, what's that huge pile of trash in our yard?" mom: "honey, I think I'm pregnant" commercial narrator: "use condoms"
In space, no one can hear your free speech
Hey Siri, send Google, hey Connor
“Dick pics. Send them” Ok.
so the opposite of [this](http://i.imgur.com/5MtNNkn.gif)
4 != True
assert(test_passes == true)
/u/fuckswithducks
Moving lootboxes to reallife to avoid those EU violations
so parents aren't related after they get married?
brain hurty
So your baby can be anything from Mr. Glass to Bruce Willis
So I guess everyone in your family has a no-slip foot now
/r/idonthavesex
J F Kennedy must have vaccinated
Man! This is aint dad! This a cellphone! What u think I'm stupid? I'm not part of your system! Dad is not a phone DUH
who have sex
much more realistic than step-child porn format these days
Youtube rewind is an annual video made by youtube where they attempt to gather the statistically popular youtube creators and make them do things that they think reflect the events of the year (except for all the events that reflect negatively on the company's culture) then they monetize the hell out of the video while pushing it to the top of every recommended list through the holidays to cash in big before that Q4 earnings call
Heisenme
something something bich lasagna
Except most of these gives players the option to cheese almost all boss encounters. Even the fun ones. E.g.: you can bait hornet 2 to melee strike you and use Lethal Parry to get free staggers. each stagger gives you 2 free healing opportunities (normal speed) or a nail art opportunity. This charm just made hornet another nosk
1. you can force Hornet to melee you quite easily. she melees when you continue attacking her after her dash animations. This happens a lot when you go with other nail charms (I like going longnail + mark of pride a lot, so you can attack her outside her circle attack, the only other ability to trigger when you're in her melee range thereby mitigating all risk) These charms are ordered in 5 categories: - **godtier** broken: so broken team cherry will have to massively buff enemies or nerf other charms - **broken**: broken enough to make fun bosses boring - **ok**: mechanically and thematically fitting - **trash**: rehash of existing mechanics - **tech**nically broken: has technical issues to hinders implementation **Silken Lining**: this is obviously for bosses only. very situational. don't think it'll be used much. Maybe in the arena only. I'd rather use the rest of the cheese in this list (**trash**) **Silk Trail**: will this affect dashes? if so, you can cheese all the bosses. 50% is significant enough for you to land at least 2 downward strikes when they dash pass you. otherwise not a lot of things run at you (either **broken due to how versatile and cheap this is** or **trash**) **Electric Core/Shell Shock**: same problem with Lethal Parry, except it's even more broken, equip quick slash and you cancheese every boss. This charm is obviously just for bosses since almost all mobs take less than 10 hits to kill unless you go through the game with the old nail. (make it at least 4 notches for being so broken) (**broken**) **Steelbolt**: Cool, situational. I'd rather take quick slash and a good nail for nail bounce after killing enemy. Like silk lining, don't think it'll be used much. (maybe make it 1 notch) (**trash/borderline ok**) **Razer**: I don't think giving the player the option to hover is good for some of the platforming parts... unless you mean the player just falls at normal speeds. Granted, obtaining this would require completing some of the platforming challenges. This is **ok**. **Quicksilver**: I would've said this replaces crystal heart except you need oro which requires double jump which requires crystal heart. I guess it's a safer crystal heart except it takes 2 charm notches... same category as steelbolt (**trash/okish**) **Voltbender**: how will this work against solo bosses? will they never get hit? This seems broken... but against the player instead of in the player's favor. (**tech**) **Perpetual Momentum**: how do you discharge a near fully charged nail art? do you not need to keep holding it, because you might basic attack when you continue charging it? do you press the arrow keys just as you get full charge? same question regarding healing. it'd suck if you used a spell by accident. the inputs are screwy and the nailmaster's glory is much better (plus it's 1 charm notch). (you can move when charging nail art btw). (**tech**) **Lethal Parry**: we've covered this. also the parrying is very consistent. (you can experiment with the timing when spamming with max nail range + quick slash). Try this against the shield guys in cross roads with just maxed range. The enemy AI will initiate the attack outside your extended range so you can practice parrying without ever taking damage. (**broken**) **Savage Temper**: would the enemies who respawn get hurt by their own corpse? also it's very situational. defender's crest is less situational. (**trash**) ​ **Nailscythe**: so basically a more broken grubberfly's elegy... like the elegy, nerf this ability's range massively and limit it to full health only. I think you're underestimating how fast nail arts charge with nailmaster's glory. again, you can move when charging nail arts (you can't dash, but you still got double jump), so this is totally boss fight worthy.​ (**broken**) **Nailmaster’s Strength, Lightbringer, and Death Cap**: these are cool. (**ok**) **Steel Flash**: range abilities by the knight should never give soul cos they make platforms too easy. other than that. it's pretty cool (**ok**) **Fiendfyre**: Basically same thing as poison except it's a cosmetically different (**ok**) **Amber Resin**: 30 damage is a lot... damn, I'd use that charm above just for this. (unless you mean in total) (**ok/borderline broken**) **Implosion**: This is so broken I feel like I shouldn't need to explain it. Also what's the input to release this nail art? is it automatic on the next arrow input? (Same issue as perpetual motion) (**godtier+tech**) **Greatnail**: I'd totally overcharm for this... but it's pretty broken. it might get the other range/speed charms nerfed :( (**godtier**) **Blood Rage**: it's alright. (**ok**) **Dryya’s Fury**: oh ok, at least this is after all the platform challenges. (**ok/only because of when you get it in the game**) **Darkstrike**: see Greatnail (**godtier**) **Eldritch Eye**: Why even add charm restrictions when you can just walk into the boss, gain invulnerability frames and get your 3 hits off... this is broken beyond belief. It has not work on bosses. otherwise it's auto win. (**beyond godtier**) ​ **Twisted Strength, Cruel Blow, Mark of Patience and Nullblade**: cool (**ok**) **Ze’mer’s Grace**: this is probably worth 2 notches at most (**ok**) **Warhammer**: This is kinda boring when you know that Nailscythe is so much more broken than what you think it is. Same problem as Nailscythe though. (**broken/almost ok**) Additional note on Eldritch Eye: this charm cannot synergize with any other charm otherwise you win every encounter. it has to "silence" stalwart shell (additional iframes), quick slash, longnail, mark of pride (the additional hits wouldn't matter when you get unlimited time for free heals/first hit every fight), can't work with thorns of agony or sharp shadow. AND it would still be god tier because you get unlimited time for free heals. you have to fundamentally change how the bosses behave to balance this
The fool could've spun his tails so fast he'd hover like a helicopter
who's jar jar binks? Banner?
I think the directionality can be implied unless we're introducing time travel like futurama
👉😎👉
nani
Hi afraid, I'm dad
so that's why the stones are called infinity stones
No way! They're criminals! *Trump shifts nervously
*holds up fingers you mean THIS many?
Hillary doing made it not ok. Trump's girl~~friend~~ doing it is fine though!
plot twist: you and your brother are adopted and your dad "knows" your sister's excellent boyfriend's mom
cool! your school had a greenhouse too?
I had to pay for my college tuition!
Spiral King is Saitama with evil spock goatee
it just (don't) work
moving in skates is the act of skating skating does not necessarily specify a specific method nor does it specify a surface apparently
roller skating usually requires roller
you would be skating. walking in skates is literally impossible. you would be mimicking the movements of walking
Where else would you lure in kids? Xvideo?
What if they start smashing your car?
Make anguish great again
ghost balls are nothing compared to that clump of ass hair on his head and the gonorrheal discharge he smears all over his face
I think the impressive parts are when he kills people with wooden objects. pencils, books, newspaper, business cards, posted notes. that sort of stuff
What happens if you catch Jason Jasoffing?
I mean after all the dark stoic characters he embodied on the job, I'd want more color and movement irl too. The new Bill and Ted would be great for him!
Time to short this meme. Then... get it to Meme👏 Review👏
is his daughter his mother?
And that past nastification is what shields her from the brains.
it's obviously fake because the avocado meat disappeared instantly
It's so unfair to have a majority of the nerds on one team.
Wireless words
look at mr jeff bezos here with his clothes
brown shower
*moves away from anus to breath
Unlike genos, cyborg can actually surpass his limits
Jokes on you for thinking the same person who shuts down computers and ignore save warnings would compile their code before pushing to master 2 hours before deployment
Just give her a charger. Her phones probably out of battery
Uh meow?
There aren’t 50 hot singles in your area. There are only 2!
And here I am staring at his crotch imagining how incredibly uncomfortable that pants looks
I like how aliens were concerned for the sanctity of marriage.
It's Peter Bourne
jerked off too much
Domino's power is actually subconscious telekinesis, so she has some level of control and the effects are almost always beneficial towards her. If she were in Oneiverse, everything around her would be glowing all the time. I'd say King's power is like Black Cat's bad luck power (monsters that try to fight him are intimidated or attracts saitama), except the bad luck also applies to himself (since he attracts monsters) Edit: alternatively, King could be squirrel girl...
ironically, the only site I frequent that adblocker fails to block on chrome is reddit... I guess this site's pretty shady lol
Idaho Williams
Every color I see always seems to be in the visible spectrum for some reason
Mexico is on Orion’s belt
Infinity blade
it's not about the shock value or sad endings. It's about character and plot significance. Anthology series require significance to work because in a typical story, characters are built-up ("developed") so the audience cares what's happening then significance in what actually happens ("a message"). Normal series have multiple episodes to build up character and settings. Anthology series have like 15 minutes or so. If the first episode of season 1 showed a random dude in a room fucking a pig while people watched it's a straight up college comedy because the audience doesn't cares about the dude fucking the pig. Instead, we have prime minister fucking a pig (a symbol of a fucking country). There are full videos out there about Trump's dinner. Imagine some pig on orange pig action. This season's episode 1 almost works because we care for Anthony's character. The ending's kinda meh because either the writer or the director had nothing to say. In the end, it's just a dude giving his homie a brojob. It's like hearing your parents bang. You're kinda uncomfortable (if you're not into that), but you know it's a natural part of life. It's mundane. Regarding Episode 2, no one cares about Chris. It's like browsing /r/wtf, you don't really care if the people in the gif dies. Episode 3 is like a half and half of the first 2 episodes in terms of significance of character and plot
Bran, the Strange
My 3 year old’s drawings are less gimmicky than that hack da Vinci, his drawing of me is just as asymmetrical as the Mona Lisa. They gave us better and more intriguing subject matter. That’s why we hang it on the fridge ps: today is the first time, I've ever seen a human refer to quality as a gimmick
a gimmick isn't identified exclusively by high quality. it's like complaining to a chef that his food is gimmicky because it's too delicious. Animators are responsible for animation quality. The animation quality in season 2 is indisputably worse. It's like comparing 2 chefs. You ask one chef to make hard boil eggs and the other chicken. Chef one makes the best hard boil egg dish in the world by adding hollandaise and herbs, and you call this chef gimmicky because of that. The other chef makes a bland overcooked chicken, but you complement this guy for being less gimmicky and introducing a new dish (something YOU ordered).
Looks like you’re looking for a good chicken, when all we’re serving is eggs here. Season 2 just happens to have some servings of plain shredded chicken. Try MHA, Black clover, Fairy Tail and those shonen series
a: aardvark. a is both the first AND second letter of the english lexicon specifically, the post said "first letter"
I just ate a dude's ass in the parking lot
Teeth (2007)
punch him where? 👊 ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°) ( (
you'd think dogmentations would remove shit
ONE SQUEEEEZE
The apple of gaming
At this point they should just ask Canada to burn down the White House again just so they can collect the insurance money to rebuild the whole thing
Hey, if they made the WH into a golf resort at least Trump doesn’t have to waste so much tax payer dollars flying to an unsecured location where he may reveal national secrets to foreign spies
Speak for yourself
Or... leave him there and go on and win the 6v5
*mumbles in Rocky
jazz fingers
Given recent changes, you have to put more points in luck to survive early game. Luck for responsible parents who vaccinate you. You get free int from the schooled perk later on assuming you roll rich/smart parents
You need to perform a replication study to prove his validity. For science!
Just read the web comic while playing the anime in the background
The Garou scenes are pretty close. I think manga has the martial arts tournament and more centipede
OP already failed the test
He banned them from the live server. Gotta play offline now
What is a fucking, mama?
If 2 people can cook without getting in a heated argument it's actually faster :O
Now you know how to cook dishes from birds eye view
Freshman 15 kicking in early
No one can win fighting dead guys
I'd like a fuck-offer
Is Entourage the program, the show, or the act?
it's only amicable because it's one-sided.
burns when he pee
Freedom has a higher boiling point
Build a space wall! On the moon which is part of mars
All part of the plan
Gives people a chance to consider death rather than a life of pain and enslavement
Must be a Spanish thing
There are no women on the internet
Slick chad to chad meme
That line actually first came from chappelle's standup. The "yall got any more of them crack" is from his Tyrone Biggum skit. Common mistake
Who’s a peter file?
If we're up to necks in shit, we might grow apple products in our homes
just fill out paperworks in advance. leave dates empty, then photocopy
Is a mosquito an annoyance or god level threat? Since saitama can’t kill it, but it really can’t harm people
so you're saying it's still possible to wipe my ass with american money
This would almost be r/unexpectedfactorial if it was relevant
don't forget to renew your lisa lisa
Hi, it's me, your brother
Ubi-hard with a vengence
It's a star trek replicator
I thought the saying goes "I get older they stay the same age ha ha ha"
Imagine the galactic empire logo. Then remove the rim of the circle and squint really hard Kinda like https://imgur.com/gallery/0baedHV
Just fake a bone spur
Not just the Menu, but the womenu and childrenu too
tbf, humans are animals.
When it’s so opresive spell don’t matter
which is why there are hardly any alien sightings nowadays. holes too loose to feel any probes
Eya yayaya *ゴゴゴゴ*
Unless OP dies a lot and is forced to the washroom
nothing wrong with good ol flashbacks. It's the filler episodes where the characters are in an alternate reality with absolutely no consequence on the main story that you skip. The latest AoT episode is a perfect example. It's all flashbacks, but it flushes out the world. Instead of waiting for a spinoff to do that.
The recap episodes really only work with non-seasonal anime like One Piece, HxH, Naruto, and more recently Black Clover. You can just skip them and consider the week a break for the animators. The seasonal anime with recap episodes are the worst because the animators worked in advance so it's unnecessary for them to pad seasons with recaps. However, even seasonal anime with recaps like MHA pace the rest of the season appropriately to fit the entire arc.
Nothing wrong with old saggy tits. But young and perky is a big nono
NotKenM
Speak for yourself
Felt cute might go to prison later
nope just a few pokes in the pooper
LeBron Jim. James is too formal
Haha not a job if you enjoy what you’re doing amirite?
and hung
duh
you forgot to say no homo didn't you?
Are you kidding me? the biggest muscle head in 90% of gyms are huge Dragon Ball fans. The anime got most people into lifting
Twice last year!
I feel that static elbow plank is the least efficient of those exercises. It doesn't build concentric strength particularly well because it doesn't apply resistance directly against the abdominal contractions. It doesn't burn fat or build eccentric strength because there's basically no movement. It's mediocre for isometric contraction because you're holding a position where abs would normally be held with moderate opposing force. V sit does the same thing but better. all the other plank variants are just things to do when you're bored of the other exercises
Chokes bitches, eats frogs, and laughs at the slaughtering of stormtroopers The species might be runner up for the evilest species next to the sith
Haven't you heard of a little thing called showmanship?
"you're walking on thin ice young lady" ~ mom *laughs it off *slips into ice lake
am I in the right sub?
it's like anakin just killed a bunch of sand men/women/children and just went, "I can't just end it there!"
burn the draft ticket while smoking that sweet mary jane make peace not war!
it's in the tar file linked in '/a/b/c/d/stuff.txt' in the e submodule
also all the farting robots on a single island helped too
There are muslims there it's not exactly jerusalem, but it's close enough
Yeah, this is flat brain time
After eating too much dark matterish, Universatish gets kinda full and just nibbles on himself thereby slowing the expansion of Universatish.
this must be that death stranding type rain I've been hearing about
there's no way that many girls can share the same pair of pants
Mom: never accept nudes from a stranger Boy: *accepts nudes from mom
Much like beer, the only thing better than a free hooker is a free cold hooker
it's his prison number
where was obama during the hindenburg disaster?
the electoral college isn't the State's major issue. It is an issue, but can be addressed later. The two party system is the most pressing concern. Splitting the issues of 300+ million people into 2 categories is an incredibly stupid idea. Instead, multi-party system forces cooperation between parties which addresses the concerns of people of different demographics. Suppose you have 3 parties with votes split 40-30-30%, instead of ignoring nearly half the country, the party with 40% votes must cooperate with the other 2 parties to at least partially fulfill the concerns of the other 30%s in different aspects.
oh I didn't know that electoral college requires the 2 party system. I'm just thinking that the multi-party system solves the rural vs city issue, so releasing the multi-party feature first makes sense. Rolling-release instead of bulk release. maybe we can add a patch to the electoral college system, and maybe fix the gerrymandering exploit
ghosts can fly therefore they have the eternal highground
as per my previous email, since the party with 40% votes must rely on the parties with 30% votes, therefore at most 30% is ignored admittedly, my explanation is kinda botched, please use google to better inform yourself of alternative political systems
According to heist movies, people usually dig into bank vaults from UNDER the bank.
r/birthofasub
communism only works as a book
how tough are ya?
Why is anything downvoted? I mean, are we the product of some cosmic coincidence, or is there really a God watching everything? You know, with a plan for us and stuff. I don't know, man, but it keeps me up at night.
chaotic neutral if removing trojans from other hackers is a way to mark their territory.
So you're saying all these negative karma accounts are really explorers of the eldritch realm?
my innocent mind didn't even think of the alternate implications until this comment
Did she win?
oh nice. joining the family fun huh?
then fuck guys every other weekend (and some weekdays)?
I must be doing it all wrong. where do I find these?
I knew I was going to hate it, but I didn't think I'd hate it this much. Thanks
what does his elf eyes see?
who said he's a girl?
just crawl up the cliff
Chisaki fight would've just been blowing past the walls Chisaki created, running Eri out, running back in to knock them out. OfA is actually kinda a huge waste on Mirio, since he wouldn't make use of his own quirk for anything beyond mobility (and All Might already demonstrated how fast he is without Mirio's physics hack). Blowing through barriers is much more useful than passing through stuff when he's saving people
Pitches are tight
and a water drill, air drill, and earth[quake] drill
Natural magic wand tool
send HIM to the RANCH
we live in a society
They guy should at least enable the Hidden Potential option before converting to MEC Trooper
Let's make the cross into an LGBTQ symbol
I do OP's mom in front of random people in the mall paying the phone store staff
Which Bush's beans were we commanded not to consume? Sr. or Jr.? and why are we allowed to consume them now?
Ironic. he could save others from plane crashes, but not himself
it's addition. 4 + 0 = 4 that's way better than the reddit average
And that bus driver's name? Albert Einstein
so that's why they call it "deflowering"
I never get how people compare GoT's meteoric quality drop to HIMYM's slow yet steady decline. I mean Ted and Robin's kinda disappointing, but HIMYM never gutted entire plotlines because their writers were too lazy to finish the story. The whole story was never about the mother.
It's a lot more interesting with the weirdness of various different families affecting us.
aren't boomers more trump's demographic? because of the whole fence, get off mah lawn thing?
So JOE had a piss orgy in Russia?
the 3 Fs flection (in both anatomical bending, and camera angles), filters and food
He also has the high ground
I knew I forgot to give an F
100% on the test? he must be asian
Most working ones are black boxes. There’s an intuitive reasoning behind them, but the details are the devil
Fool me once shame on you, fool me you can’t get fooled again
The girl's internal thoughts: Have my definition of handsome been wrong all this time?
There goes my hero Watch him as he goes
more dead poor people will just lower the poverty statistics and increase GDP Per Capita (at least temporarily) *taps head
Kit Fisto's shiny teeth didn't save him
overkill unless they're 90kg and the height/distance is 300m
propoganda on the best health care in the world that no one can afford
especially appropriate when the a-a-ron done messed up
it's cheaper to have sex on the photocopier while it's running
just use the one in the local library or office duh
just take the whole pants off and drape them over your shoulders
I thought it was a penis... until I remember penises don’t open phones
Vesuvians still used silicon chips, but ever since quantum chips were invented, these kind of incidents would just make our brain a little strange
Mmmm clam chowder
at least it's not jolly ranchers
One of us! one of us!
These devs reacting to speed runner videos lead me to believe they’re just sweating their balls off at all the bugs and exploits made it to release
Huge schlong?
Just drop his son, let gravity do the work
it's cold outside
What if you drop your Google into the toilet?
Hey Vsauce, Michael here. sacerdos erectus is just one of 30 natural predators of homo boyus
You don't NEED the force if you have the high ground. It's a secret Mandalorian weapon developed to counter the Jedi and the Sith
Yeah. she could have squidward nose and quasimoto eyes and forehead
Where would I get my beef now? :(
Solid monkey
This shitty quality photo of a curvy log somewhat resembles my gf. As it turns out the curvy log is my gf
Leaving to get cigarettes is surprisingly uncommon for how common cigarettes are
It's ineffective Captain. They've adapted to resist signs of affection. Spiner: Modulate phasers!
Just another Stormy Daniels. Nothing too special
I once opened an erupting bottle so I just deep throated it at least this guy didn't do that on camera
lil'bits ^eat ^some ^fucking ^shit ^you ^stupid ^fucking ^bitch
Rule of acquisition 47
So this is user error? As I understand placebos, placebos wouldn't help even if applied properly. Instead of "don't use X because misinformed people are using them wrong", "use X by applying them correctly" is the more helpful. It's like saying condoms don't work if you reuse them, so don't use them at all!
“Throw our your store bought condoms because people are selling condoms with holes in them”
Spanish inquisitions, etc.
Pfft, amateurs... I use BOTH hands
So the guy in that clip had extra time on the meter?
inb4 fiddle effigies start doing damage
I wish fable 2 had a final boss. unfortunately, they put all the final bosses in fable anniversary
It's like if robin hood was unemployed
Finally! a REAL time-travel episode! /s
I heard he runs a restaurant chain or something
the fact that even metric countries use the imperial time, shows the true dominance of the 🦅🇺🇸 imperial system 🇺🇸🔫🦅
true dat. if it was imperial system 0:00 would be 1:23:12.2227 East Crater E4 Martian Time. 🔥🦅🇺🇸🔫 🐶🍵🔥
get down mr president! *The Rock puts kevin down
I was thinking a mix of 1 and 3
what about the bit dangling between my knees?
You’re not appreciative of smart well read heads?
Humanity is only 99.99999% over my man
would it taste better with some sushi rice, vinegar, and wasabi? works for the clam
If these idiots ever follow the analogy, then they'd know if you keep the few bad apples in the batch, it'll make the whole batch bad due to the bad apple's browning enzyme. It's a very apt analogy imo
Free nipple piercing! Alright
If Zoe was that close, she'd either use sleepy for running away or she'd die. Assuming Syndra has R, she'd would 100% kill her if she lands her stun, otherwise it'd be the same close fight. and then she'd die to skarner because she has no ult or e Top tier mages are only top tier because they have the capacity for 1 for 1 trades even while behind.
Yeah, good catch
voli's ult is just him jumping high enough to pluck ohmwrecker from orbit
At this point lol should just pull a dota and designate the mages/bruisers the hard carries, the ad rangers the supports and work enchanters into the jungle role
that's why I said mages/bruisers. champs with op stats that can be tanky and dish out tons of damage while having dashes. like kassadin, ekko, or irelia. these guys can still oneshot people before they can move and has 999 dashes otherwise not yasuo, yi or tryndamere
so... train sets then?
*Garla
He don't want to confused it with the guy in the trunk
that's a 3-person mental
it'll be a fun game of dodge ball while csing under tower for people who don't play wave clear mages though
Lux mid is so good right now.
but then your uncle will grave rob you
The issue is that during long protests, at least one police instigate violence to force protestors to retaliate thereby allowing the rest of the unit to start blasting. Presumably, this is because the cops are lazy fuckers and just want to get it over with while having justification by labeling protestors "rioters", or they're actually blood thirsty sociopaths.
ok. I get biden's sentiment for teaching the police, but the problem with police in general is not teaching them more things but rather un-teaching them some of those killer instinct. Police are already trained to de-escalate and engage in non-lethal options, but American policemen were trained to prioritize killing over these de-escalation techniques.
&gt; Posts shared widely on **Facebook** claim that President Donald Trump said that “hundreds of governors” were calling him, despite there being only 50 U.S. governors (here ; here ; here). &gt; This claim is false. Reuters could not corroborate that Trump ever said there were hundreds of governors calling him.
But if they're rich you should let them do it.
your son's friend's mom might not love them as much and they might get jealous! D:
I thought the phrase "turn in your badge and gun" from the movies is literal. did he get to keep the badge too?
Why didn't Dexter just be a cop? He can do his serial murdering under the cover of the law.
but... tuna melt
sike! here's the validation script ANS=$($@ | tr -s [:space:] ' ') if [ "$ANS" -eq "1 4 6 9 11 13 17 18 21 23" ]; then echo "correct"; exit 0; fi; echo "wrong"; exit 1;
assuming the game even goes to 100 turns, he has an average of 6 seconds per turn (12 including your opponent's). at least lose by timeout or something
Looking back in Ben's defense, he's been teaching a lot of newbies and the frustrations of repeating "opening principles" really weighs on him...
Finegold. Moistcritikal's chess drama video focused on him since he was one of the louder chess gatekeepers
ah... collecting the insurance money... I would advise against curtains. make it look like an electric thing
That's some Kyudo shit
That’s a bingo
The drug or vats of the stuff?
Buh gold is heavier than fethas
&gt; you’re letting her tag back wait... you can get a chick to do anal on you? is that just pegging or are we talking strap-ons?
I was aghast to learn that americans had to recite some national indoctrination oath in school everyday. It seems that this guy is the intended end-product.
Why not actually teach kids the principals of the flag instead of making them recite empty words only for them to reinterpret it later? History and civics class is very normal in any curriculum. Most kids have decent memory so even if they just go with the flow of the indoctrination they will internalize it at some point
It's like that canadian spider rider cartoon
Is the kitchen for you and me
Me too. Except for me I’m too lazy to cook (often) and too poor to take out
Which sdk did u use? I remember eclipse being pretty good with coloring string literals
I missed the do the first time
[summer-jerry.jpg](https://i.redd.it/hv4wzoz6fjg31.jpg)
But babies taste better and more nutritious too I presume
Ah, the coca cola babies
Well done steak with ketchup
My Antifa milkshakes bring all the boys to the yard
Super saiyan spidey
"Hurting other people, won't heal you." Warwick: ;)
&gt; Germans that can make jokes ~~about WW2~~ sound so much more enjoyable to be around.
painter: "I made this" OP: "you made this?... I made this"
probably mistaken it for gwyneth paltrow's vag candles
literally giant babies with some survival skills
found Christopher Columbus's reddit account
If he can somehow replicate all azir's ~~bugs~~ features he deserves a job at rito if he so choose
Is this the city boy's version of tipping cows?
makes sense since he only gains super speed to one up locomotives
You can already do that. you're just loosening it for someone else to take the credit because that's what superheroes do
They should rise up with pitchforks and torches. Ride their horses out to the fields and burn crosses to intimidate their anti racist oppressors! Also wear masks for safety duh. Perhaps make the masks out of pointy white bags cos you can make them easily out of pillowcases and whatnot
sudo rm -rf /
the secret to thinking these thoughts is to try to sleep
And a some stupid dwarf with turrets gets it every minute or so
according to current administration even US terroritories are "Not America" so technically even America makes it to that list
or helen's elastic power applies on a cellular level and she can simply change her hair color by stretching her hair strands
He should get that eye checked out
You can still go dark mode in bright offices. For me, it's not the screen's light that keeps me awake, it's the peripheral light. Plus darkmode make my IDE's colorization stand out
From papers to calculators, Michael has done it all
He probably cast the heal minor wounds cantrip, but unforunately, his opponent has unarmed strike as a bonus action
konami's like that crush of yours who took up meth and had like 6 kids. they threw their sugar daddy out for some reason, so now they're casing the street corners.
Did the asian characters give away that it's asian money? Also is the asian conversion rate 1US:8sia?
https://currencyrate.today/asia
What if it doesn’t proc hydra?
Without pulp. It’s just sugar water with orange flavoring
Step brother. What are you doing?
Russia should pay extra for their renewal. Definitely worth it though
He’s not an ambilooker
Kumar: "Sorry for all the trouble I've been causing. Help yourself to some krispy kreme I left in the kitchen."
