Burglarizetationned
Fash
On the Internet all ladies are men.
Best I Can do is $50.
It's like the top, but at the bottom.
Un anti-BFM quoi.
C'est gentil ça !
They ?
So uncivilized.
Comrade
One ping, Vassili.
Thanks for ruining my teenhood.
How's craig ?
Sure, rent is expensive.
Penisphere
Fortunately with tunnels in GS we will be able to reach these kind of tiles.
Balance
Good bot
Je suis sûr qu'il avait un petit pénis.
Ou mis au point mort.
Techniquement, ça doit être possible de se masturber avec une grappe de raisin.
RIP in Peace.
*forward settles you
Péremptoire tu veux dire.
Ah les pièces de 1 lire qui ne servaient à rien !
This guy rotaries.
r/short
Warhammer reference ?
Ce gars Bescherelle.
Grand contrôle des mes tétons.
Un beau nez.
Prends mon haut-vote.
Mobile de surcroît.
What does it mean ?
MAAA
It's treason then.
True, it's like playing chess with an AI which would have extra Queens and rooks at turn 0.
Isnald Tumrp
The ignorance of people when talking about Old camera and photography is abismal. Tired of reading "oh god that resolution !" or "oh they look at the camera, so cute!".
He's down.
Yup, yuppy.
It's quit uzefull actualy.
Hello there.
Yo
It rocks.
Calm down.
Also professionnal photographer.
Film is the true medium.
u/Venboven
C'est du néo-flamand.
I had sleep paralysis twice in my life. I wish I could experiment it again, but I'm too scared.
Breathe more.
🔅here is my gold
It's OP delivering all this gold.
Fargentina.
r/paternoster
It's an Old meme but it checks out.
r/nomods
Calm down.
Basically a dleiy sign.
To be honest I was expecting 1998 and an Undertaker reference.
Amazing !! Reminds me Mœbius..
&gt;resulting in Washington being crowned king Do you play Assassin's Creed ?:)
This guy reddits.
It's an old cliché, but it checks out.
Hold on until 14 february.
This is not a common glitch, but rather a rare one. Therefore Rule 4 doesn't apply.
It's treason then.
The head of the robot sounds to be inspired by the tripod from the (last) movie War of Worlds.
Giant Red Robot.
Poor builders, they have to re-build the mountain as it was before construction when the wonder was built in far-way country one turn before !
Maybe it has to do with Chinese ability not working, considering the builders cannot enter mountains tiles.
Actually according to the livestream your builder doesn't need to be on the other side. One side is enough to build the tunnel. So yes, early access to hidden valley !
Nice ! Love the statue at the end :)
Burn that sweet coal, burn !
You wanna some flag sticks ?
Monorail
Like a classic track.
Your spy discovered that you're spying.
Interesting, I check it.
Calm down.
"Scythia sneakily grabs my huts"
Beware of the mighty scout army.
My thought exactly ! OP lives 1000 miles from the coast and took the pic on his parking lot.
I enjoy this reference, thanks.
Did you fix the cable ?
#5 will blow your mind !
GREEDOM
Sim City has also a pollution mechanism IIRC
This guy codes.
Tout à fait, très belle expo, on avait fait de très belle photos avec l'installation de Buren. Putin 2012 déjà...
r/sequelmemes
Few rusty battle droids.
Lucky Man! My first Star Wars in theatre was TPM... But the ultimate theatre experience was RoTJ where the audience lost their shit and became to scream hysterically when the opening crawl came out. We thought at this time it could be the last SW movie. I didn't feel this excitment when going to see TFA. It was more cosy and comfy.
Most of these constructions were made of steel frame coated with plaster or papier-mâché ornaments, so they were quite cheap compared to stone or brick building. However few of them were saved to be relocated on the coast.
Demolished, they were temporary structures.
Will the tunnel improvment allow using Galileo in a tile surrounded by 6 mountains ?
This guy outlooks.
Lol I didn't mean to use him inside a tunnel, but rather in a tile surrounded by 6 mountains only reachable by a tunnel.
Good. Gooood.
Downvote that comment OUT OF THIS THREAD !!
Seriously ?
r/bigdickproblems
Thirded
Hello there.
It's treason then.
Something 1998 something
Saint-Penis Penispolis Penisity ...
( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)
Bless America.
Screw propellers.
Calm down and get the reference.
Missed opportunity.
Easy cocking.
Washington c'est sur la côte ouest !
Paris plage !
Vasily
But it wasn't used.
I mean, that's her job, she has to deal with it.
Of course not look at you
La lutte est réelle.
Yes.
Zombies take the stairs.
Canals also extend the range of naval trade routes. And they look Cool !
La lutte est réelle.
Username checks out.
As a frenchman I totally agree with him. From our point of view Scott and UK have the same culture.
Iconic
&gt;the tax preparation industry WTF ??
I sit down on the toilet no matter the floor. The amount of piss you could obtain on the walls is abysmal.
👉👌
👍
One ping only.
Would you kindly explain to a non-native speaker what "shotgun a beer" means ?
C'est le France mon amies.
I like you.
Do harbours act like bridges for land units when placed between two land tiles ?
This will be awesome when GS will come with tunnels and canals !
Encampments on different landmasses look cool.
Good Guy barbarian.
R5 is rule five.
Lol you sound like a Civfanatics hater.
This as England would be awesome. London would be easy to defend with longbows and navy, and a canal would allow the mighty fleet to conquer the world.
Watch for Arabia. Camel archers &gt; Keshiks. *Grabs popcorn*
Calm your tits bro.
Is it a mod ?
He can, city allow ships to cross cliffs.
Dafuk
It's treason then.
Which Downtown abbey episode ?
Is there a state called "New America" in Mexico ?
Keep us updated.
Check the oven.
Big Bang and evolution are facts, not theories. Intelligent design is a religious absurdity.
You got me
r/woosh
What do you mean ?
Delete this comment OUT OF THIS POST !!!
👉👌
Hater. Hater never changes.
👌
GDPR?
No. Priority to the traffic already on the roundabout.
Québécois spotted :)
Second rule : don't be inattractive. Édit: unattractive ?
Do you say "unattractive" ? Fun fact : in french "inflammable" means "flammable", and "ininflammable" means "inflammable".
What font did the nazi authorize? Some kind of gothic ?
Wait what ? Underwater splicer ?
Any chance to have some scans ?
I just don't get it. How your caravel, a powerful mêlée ship can lose against barbarian galleys ? Just stay in ocean tiles, since these ships cannot leave coastal waters.
Kaliningrad.
So sad :( Cities with wonders shouldn't be able to be razed.
I mean, can you scan some pages to have a chance to look at it.
What app do you use ?
Arti
Arti
Godoshopped
*Hope of Sparks*
Wat
Ugh. Another tough incel.
Socialism is good for the society.
Assian.
So do you.
Someone who can't understand what is a sinister male fantaisy imposed to woman is an incel.
Agree.
At least the bags are colored, just follow the bags.
r/notmyjob
*Dies in Chinese*
r/frugal_jerk
Plz send rudes.
Perfectly appropriate definition.
⣿⣿⣿⣿⡟⠄⣌⠻⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⠟⠋⢹⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿ ⣿⣿⣿⣿⡇⢸⣭⡇⢽⣿⣿⠏⣀⣶⡇⢸⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿ ⣿⣿⣿⣿⣷⣾⢿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣶⣭⣛⢃⣼⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿ ⣿⣿⡛⠈⠛⠁⠙⠉⠛⠿⠛⢟⡿⣿⣷⡝⢿⡿⢻⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿ ⣿⡹⠄⢀⣷⣶⣶⣿⣿⣿⣿⣷⣶⡍⠹⡿⠆⠙⣼⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿ ⢫⣷⣧⢸⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⠄⠄⢀⣴⣶⣏⡛⢿⣿⣿⣿⣿ ⢸⣿⣿⠛⠿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⠿⠁⠄⠄⣾⣿⣿⣿⡟⣨⣿⣿⣿⣿ ⡘⣿⣿⣧⣀⣀⣹⣏⢀⣀⣀⣀⣠⡄⢸⣿⣿⣿⣿⢀⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿ ⣷⣼⣋⠈⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⠟⠄⠈⠛⢿⠏⢙⠈⠁⠄⠙⣿⣿ ⣿⣿⣿⠄⠹⠟⠛⠉⠡⠿⣿⡏⠄⠄⠄⠄⠄⠄⠄⠄⠄⠄⠄⠘⣿ ⣿⣿⠿⠃⠄⠄⣀⡀⠄⠄⠈⠄⠄⠄⠄⠄⠄⠄⠄⠄⠄⠄⠄⠄⢹ ⠄⠄⢀⡆⣰⠟⠷⣤⠤⠄⠄⠄⠄⠄⠄⠄⠄⠄⠄⠄⠄⠄⠄⠄⠄ ⠄⢀⠎⠄⠃⢀⠞⠉⢳⣴⣶⠄⠄⠄⠄⠄⠄⠄⠄⠄⠄⠄⠄⠄⣀ i’m gonna say the n word
Ou avoir des eins'
Par hasard ce n'était pas une voiture à compartiments et le couloir sur le côté ? Dans certaines encore en circulation l'un des compartiments est devenu un local à vélo.
Intercités c'est du corail donc plus confortable que les TGV. Mais pas de voiture -bat :(
La bise mute
C'est pas VNF qui s'occupe des écluses ?
Attack of the Tusk-en Raiders
Brest Western
Random
It's funny because he's bold.
Madness
True, he was Adolf H. back then.
Please not again
La lutte est réelle.
Cigarette can't melt Oak timber.
Unlimited... KUUUURRRRRRRWWAAAAAAA !!!!!
*too
Easteros.
Ah les garces !! " Tu sais quoi? Louisette a montré ses chevilles à Henri !!"
I know.
Tu t'est résilié du coup :)
Le fixe ça peut servir.
Tit'les
Le fixe, ça peut vraiment servir.
Zelda.
And hardwood in a bathroom is not good idea.
Bag of sand.
À big fucking rope.
What?
Hypetenuse
Yes, Inquisitor, that comment right here.
What show ?
Should I ?
Vive la Transe !!
*Musso
Un trollibriste
Je ne connais pas LaTeX, quel est son avantage ?
Ça tombe sous le sens pour les pédants.
Moi aussi !!
Sauve un bœuf, mange un beauf.
Both UK and US words for the same thing.
C'est beau
La lutte est réelle
Rocks.
Solide
I.... ?
Pan and scan ?
You mean first order ? SKB was a imperial project.
FIRST ORDER REIGNS FIRST ORDER IS DEFETEAD
What
Je déteste le sable.
And reject rain in tropical/forest climate ?
Droids have rights ! Solo was cool about this.
"PALP IS ALIVE"
Not a hero story a Jedi would tell you.
Ep IV has Space troopers.
UCS ?
Coins *will* do fine
That's no cake !
Ridiculous.
Who is Stephan Colbert ?
Pepperidge Farm dismembers
New James Bond movie title : Never Say Never Twice
Taking a last look, to your friends.
Rey Heeeeeeeeyyyy
Where are the droidekas ???
You summed up Reddit.
It's treason then
The Casino plot is damn underrated.
No.
Réfrigéré ! Reddit protège aussi la langue rançaise.
Le corps agricole ou la profession agricole peut marcher.
Je les ai subventionnés, tous.
They did this by adding a brand new set of alien races in the Canto Bight sequence, but people complained because we didn't have familiar aliens.
Yes.
Le boukistan aussi.
Yes.
How could people could even live on Exegol ? The whole planet is creepy.
The Cantina has no room for such a hater like you.
To quote u/ltjpunk387 : &gt;Time on an active set is precious. Setting the lights for a rig this large takes lots of time. So the Director of Photography, along with the lighting crew and grip crew will come in advance and move and point the lights as necessary, set levels with the programmer, and get everything to a good baseline to start. &gt;Then the shooting crew comes in and fucks it all up by asking them to change every damn thing. Happens a lot... But still it saves time (and therefore money) in the end.
That you would clean with Play-Doh.
Comment and Conquer
Kubrick would have a word with you.
Clones have rights too !
Wait for boomers to die.
Canto Bight ? Coolest planet ever.
Watch the movie.
Sequel trilogy is the best.
!RemindMe 20 years
OP is a Mary Sue !!!
I don't like additive.
John Titanicor
DonT yOu gUys hAvE pHoNes ???
I don't like sandcrawlers.
Harrison Ford T
Moulin Rouge One
L3 is better.
How effective was the soviet Navy during WW2 ?
Star Wars leg-acy.
Windows.
Rey Duuku
Well said. Lot of people have trouble with this but it's perfect.
What ?
What about tree leaves ?
Développé par nos plus brillants ingénieurs de l'école supérieure des PTT.
Premier Ordre ?
Frites de la liberté
USBDSM
*Sheev terror
Fuhroad
This ! Dooku is interesting because it has a nice parallel with Snoke : Both Sidious' puppets, mighty at first look but expendables, and the way how they are timed. Dooku has an important and pivotal screentime an introduced in 2; and killed at the beginning of 3. While Snoke is introduced briefly in 7 and have an important and pivotal screentime in 8.
Tell that to KanjiKlub.
C'est comme la circulation alternée.
Ha ?
United Counties of America
It's like peotry.
Why ?
TIL
Lol
In AOTC they have some kind of sport channels, and hologram dancers in Rogue One.
*Cuirassiers intensify*
Maybe there is a setup to catch gravitational forces like planets.
So Netherlands = Zeeland + Holland ? Édit : calm down, angry Hollanders, this was a joke.
Palpatine claps cheeks.
Cringy.
Casse ting
Commence par les premiers épisodes, les plus drôles :) et tu aurais toutes les références !
Show us !!
Good bot
Yes
It's treason then
Can they kill the atrocious worm called after a wife who cut her husband's penis:? (I forgot the name)
Good bot
To shreds, you say ?
Best I can do is $5.
For an open-air swimming pool.
Maw ?
sTar WaRs iS dEaD !!!!
I'll make it legal.
tHis TriLoGy iS a mEsS !! WaS nOt pLanNed, DifFerEnt dReCtOrs, aNd CrApPy ReTcON !!!
They fly now.
The dark side... And the light.
BBY Yoda
Love your username !
BRRRRRRTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTT
You wanna buy some death sticks ?
What is number matching ?
Another ?? Don't tell me some jerks love to butcher historical firearms to make shitty props.
I'll make it legal
Please don't be a jerk and leave these c96 alone.
Patience my friend. In 50 years we'll see videos about DIY projects "How I fully restored a antique firearm who was butchered to look like a prop of an obscure fantasy movie"
Oh thanks. Truly destroying a piece of history then ? :(
Was she naked under the blanket ?
Stick !! Sticky sticky stick !!
He's a bricklayer.
Not a colony but overseas territoires. True french territory.
To shreds, you say ?
Do you know Steve from Winnipeg ?
Les Japs attaquent
True true
To shreds, you say ?
This link will stay blue, thanks.
Tall. Very tall.
For your information, power washing is forbidden for cleaning soft limestone since it could destroy it. Better leave it dirty.
Tarif mi-couple.
Have you noticed AoTC has film noir vibe, with the detective subplot and the shots of Coruscant ? Well that's it.
What about tunnels ?:)
Nice.
Quelle joie !
*Monsieur
He does. He's born in Spain.
🇪🇺🇨🇭👉*👌
Nordick countries.
Hé oh, pas de référence au VILLAGE de l'EMPLOI, ce n'est pas une ARNAQUE.
A coups de pieds dans les burnes.
Des mines et de la police.
Emballé c'est pesé.
Il est passé à côté de quelque chose en n'ayant pas fait d'intervention à Lamballe.
Ça faisait un bayou
On pourra relater ces événements dans une grande fresque historique, que l'on appellerait la tapisserie de Bayou.
I trust you as a Friend of Liberty.
*Solar eruptions intensifie*
Hiding in his b-b-bunker.
*Haroun Tazieff intensifie*
Le mont qui dans sa folie mit l'humour breton en charpie.
L'évêque d'Avranches était breton ?
Whye nott
Et Jerry.
#Il y a aussi une frontière de l'espace Shengen en pleine Gare du Nord
Wow
Chouette ! J'espère que les salles seront vides sans les touristes.
Nice
Nice
Do you realize that the "underground tunnels" are inside the train cars, under the main "deck", like a sublevel. Crossing a bridge doesn't change anything, you're still il the tunnel.
De la revente des données.
Une guerre qui tue des morts ! Où va le monde ??
Une feuille de soins ça marche ?
Ou morte du Covid.
Non chemin
Le Monde d'Apres comme l'Ancien mais en Pire
Le Second en Pire
A noter que l'on voit le dôme du Panthéon suite a l'incendie de Notre-Dame.
La lutte est réelle... Haut à toi de parler le rançais !
The power generators ! Pay attention !
In the comic, guards say there are rumors that taillies eat their own shit.
Ça a même amené à une polémique Polanski.
Tu as le droit de Cité.
And they made the mexicans pay for it !
Do it.
Quelle est la définition d'un fleuve côtier ? Il se jette directement dans l'océan ?
Kämhenberg
Did you like Elysium ?
Sure.
Stalin was a man of statistics.
A lot of death. Big deaths. Best in the world !
Sad. Tremendously sad.
One billion deat coule help the planet.
With Matt Damon's shit.
A car with a huge railroad model set. With model trains running, with one car containing a functionnal tiny railroad model set.
The film was broadly inspired by the comic, but the show seems to pick elements from both.
Also, round towers eliminate most of dead angles for archers.
Le correcteur corrigé.
Qu'est ce que vous avez tous avec animal crossing ? J'ai raté quelque chose ?
I want to know more about the infrastructure of the railroad. If they have sidings (absolutely necessary in case of doubling or crossing) they have switches ; but how are they operated ? Remotely ? Don't they freeze with the cold and get jammed ?
C'était Farès.
Nice
Satire vers le haut.
C'est légal, le mec mets le prix qu'il veut.
C'est interdit. Tu dois avoir un lieu pour manger. Sinon mange à ton poste de travail.
C'est une véritable boucherie.
M'lanie
Parenting both your own kids and your parents.
Leave America and come in Europe ! Less wages maybe but Free insurance and ton of paid leaves !
United States of Scamerica
TL; DR : we are gods
I don't like crabs.
To be honest the train is massive. The track gauge is about 5m wide, which is 3 times wider than standard gauge. And cars have levels, and even sublevels with the subtrain. In the Chains car they litteraly stacked shipping containers.
There was a post on this sub about the track gauge, based upon a screenshot showing Wilford's gauge and a standard gauge side to side.
Cars can have multiple levels at different heights.
Suffit de traverser le Couesnon qui dans sa folie a mis le Mont Saint Michel en Normandie avec des sablés mouvants qui se déplacent à la vitesse d'un cheval au galop qui a le goût de salé.
C'est cringy.
r/tatoofail
Pourrais-tu pourvoir un lien stp?
*le Cotentin a rejoint le chat*
Pour aller en vacances à Batz-sur-mer, c'est assez rigolo: au départ de Paris le train est plein a craquer, et la Baule tout le monde descend.
Et le Paris-Cherbourg : 4h
Covidiot
u/SoupeurMan à la rescousse !
Moi aussi j'ai vu cet épisode de Sherlock.
Qui est-ce ? Tu aurais un lien ?
Ça va faire Führer
Apres Paris-rodez c'est un train de nuit, c'est un peu différent, tu compense la longueur du trajet par le fait de dormir (si tu y arrives :)). Pour les Intercités, je suis pas tôt a fait d'accord : les voitures Corail sont certes un peu vieillottes, mais en terme de confort, elles sont largement au-dessus des tgv et des nouvelles rames. Les sièges et surtout ceux de première sont d'un confort inégalé. D'où leur nom : Corail = Confort sur Rail
Paris.
Des bureliers ?
You're perfect. Don't do anything.
Avant l'euro la baguette était à 1 franc, blablabla
Mets un mot ou fait une réunion de voisins pour en parler, la plupart du temps les gens ne se rendent pas compte du bruit qu'il font.
We have Always been at war with Eastasia.
*the worm thing
Saint-Gapour
*ils fessaient
Ta mission, c'est de réveiller ce sub.
*Présenté par notre partenaire, Les Mousquetaires ™©®*
*Liechtenstein intensifie*
Les chiffres chinois, c'est facile. Il suffit de rajouter deux zéro derrière.
Qui "s'amuse" avec ? J'aimerais connaître le profil des ces tarés d'airsofteurs (je laisse le masculin hein car je pense pas qu'il y ait beaucoup de femmes dans ce milieu d'abrutis).
C'est comme les gentils et innocents soldats de la werhmacht et les très méchants SS.
Faut bien sout'nir le journalisme français.
On est en 20
Life, uh, always founds a way.
Chut.
Je nem pas ça.
Après ce sera la Suisse, vu qu'ils ont démantelé leur fortifications.
Tu lances un char russe depuis Moscou il roule tout seul jusqu'au Rhin.
Le trucs de bidasses en permission, qui sentait bon la kro et le chien de punk.
Couchette dure où couchette molle ?
Qui est cette personne ?
Rehaussé au goût de banquette moleskine et sauce Corail.
La couleur verte ça doit être en rapport a l'environnement (moins de papier)?
Bonjour. Pourquoi ce sujet est généré à 7 heures en semaine et à minuit le weekend ? Pourquoi y'at-il des références à Ponzi ou la SACEM de temps à autre ?
Qu'il massacre la fin ne change pas grand chose, vu que le bouquin de base est un pavé illisible proche de la grosse daube surcotée.
To the time
Le sillon interfessier porte le joli nom d'*entrefesson*.
Au jour d'aujourd'hui
Les trente-cinq heuuures sont une abbberrrration !!
Il faut aller sur r/Belgique !
C'tait mieux avant ! Y'avait pas l'sida et l'corona !
Balibalo en chemin d'fer Voulut mettre ses couilles à l'air Passa sa pine par la portière Et creva l'oeil d'la garde-barrière Ah ah, ah oui vraiment, Bali balo est un salaud !
Belle vidéo.
Not wacky architecture Law, Eiffel towers is a private landmark.
This .
C'est sain d'aérer. Une heure c'est le minimum par jour.
Je veux en savoir plus...
Bien vu !
Ex-agone
Qu'est ce qu'un webtoon ?
Et trafiquer tes câbles océaniques par lesquels transite ton trafic internet.
Oui.
18th century Instagram filter.
*tapote la tempe*
Je ne connais pas cette série, ça parle de quoi ?
Les écolos en PLS.
Le porte-avions *François Hollande* ça claque.
CSG ?
OP martyrisé !
Tu le connais DLVR ?
Pas de passage souterrain à la Concorde, tu dois penser à celui de l'Etoile ?
ACMH (Architecte en Chef des Monuments Historiques), pas ABF (Architecte des Bâtiments de France).
Les gens ont la mémoire courte.
