Khan stop paying them /s
As a Rey Mysterio fan i too feel attacked.
&gt; It’s not like Rusev is okay with it. That's not what it means to be a cuck &gt; It’s an affair That's what it means to be cucked.
And my axe!
You're not half bad yourself.
ALL ELITE WRESTLING
He's billed as Albany, thats good enough for me.
&gt; ironic shit &gt; like a 60s Radioactive Man villain. Mixed messages
JR's twitter likes and Wrestlewiththeplot.
&gt; inferior black haired people But the only person who is truly capable of controlling Goku is a inferior black haired woman who can legit beat his ass raw. Chichi is the real hero of DBZ.
And my Axe.
The Awful Waffle makes itself pretty much.
They have a wiki post on the back end where they list who's good and who's bad this week Bad news about good guy? Not related to wrestling. Bad news about bad guy? No comment.
And Riccochet.
Jungle Jack and Stunt Kid.
For me it's Homelessness.
I bet JR bought them for him as a Christmas gift and he really appreciates a gift from a legend in the business. Or like he got them cause their comfy. Idk his life.
At least if police roll up and arrest Nyla they'll drop her off in the next city per Wrestling tradition.
Well since no one kicks out of a falcon arrow you don't need anything in the back. No one's gonna see it through the mat anyway
There's also been issues that are entirely outside of AEWs control, like the time TNTs sattelites shit the bed for the first 15 minutes of an episode.
Big Boy Barry Boskov
He so got a Civ 6 achievement as well names " Elcanos revenge" for being the first player to circumnavigate the map. This is clearly the HIGHEST honor.
This whole thing sounds less like " Lol aew only send small guys" to " NJPW gets their big names on national TV and AEW guys get some exposure. People acting like Darby is going to go over and win the G1 in one try or something rather than do a match or two on the midcard while Tanahashi comes over and jobs to QT Marshall.
I'm such an Uber virgin I went backwards into the future.
&gt; he’s been a boomer for years About 68 years or so.
Adam Cole's girlfriend?
Unless the Rock n Roll express use it.
Rugby players.
HARDO GAY 2.WOOOOOO
He'll lose it at a konbini and some random dude will be found squatting out front smoking a cig with it draped over his shoulder
Language teacher
Just a tip: NJPW world might give you an error about streaming to apps or something. In the options for the app you can change the source to mimic a desktop and that works. If you have any issues feel free to shoot me a message, I spent a good 10 minutes last night troubleshooting.
Funny enough for me " NJPW on Roku" had like 4 top responses from /r/SQ over the past few years so I'm glad I was able to pass it down lol
Im willing to bet Jon's bed is actually just a plank of particle board, 4 bed posts with barbwire wrapped around it, and a baseball bat strapped to the side for good measure.
Tony Khan comes out and pulls off his mask. It was Vince McMahon. It was Vince all along. Vince Russo has his I told you so moment.
You wouldn't be missing too much from a storyline perspective if you skipped night 1 but are aware of the overall storylines going on with guys like Naito and Tanahashi etc but you're def missing out on some amazing matches.
The Fans
Never weight
They get a goofy medal and a firm pat on the back.
We could also get Toru Yano vs Orange Cassidy.
OPEN THE DOOR PUT JERICHO ON THE FLOOR I WANNA SEE TANAHASHI WRESTLE THE DINOSAUR
Gonna become a wrestler. Gonna name my finisher "The Butthole Surfer" just for you.
30 missed calls on his phone. All from Kenny.
Has Jushin Thunder Liger ever been in a Jumanji movie? Checkmate, atheists.
Plz don't get Drunk and knock all the stars out of the sky.
That's not Agari tho??
Was it /r/Justrolledintotheshop ? Those bastards!
I just want the true aces of both companies to square off in a climatic bombshell of a match. GIMME THE YANO VS CASSIDY MATCH YOU COWARDS.
Cassidy is ok because his worked punches aren't sloppy and thus OC doesn't deserve to be fired and stuck in the stockade.
Sounds more like you're applying your own feelings about Shawn Spears. If you try reading it as "We should wrestle sometime" instead it def doesn't come off that way.
I mean they did their best. The "David Flair titantron" pose is probably one of the least imposing poses there is.
Straight from the go Kenny?
The International Wrestling Grand Prix is the governing body of NJPW. It would be like WWE calling their titles the Titan Sports Championship. Ok not entirely but thats the closest thing I could think of.
&gt; I know they are competitors That's a pretty light word to use to describe their relationship.
OP stole the title directly from the original post which is a year or two old at this point.
&gt; The way she emotes and sells in the ring is incredible, This is honestly the biggest part I think. Not to rag on her too hard but her punches and hits don't always look impactful but shes one of the best women going right now when it comes to selling and looking like she's actually giving it her all and fighting though the beating to earn her wins. Plus she's flexible as fuck and that's always impressive.
Mox proceeds to start his own stable in the same vein as Chaos.
Ki Adi Mundi was one of the few Jedi allowed to marry due to the low birth rate of his race. This dude FUCKS and it's ok.
Ok if you stopped being a bitch ass mark for a second and joking around you'd see the true genius of this though. Get your head out of your ass and realize 2020 is the year that Planet Staziak is back in orbit in the WWE universe.
I mean how many are there? You've got Jushin Thunder Liger, Tiger Mask, John Cena.
&gt; Taguchi Japan Director Seems like a lot to write across his ass.
&gt; Let Connery play a suave brutal guy. Backhanding women left and right .
Punjabi prison match now the Chinese Bamboo match. Don't worry, Chinese Bamboo very strong
I blame Io because she seems the least likely to be the one Ember is referring to.
Wrestling weebs
[They do exist](https://youtu.be/iE8CJwXSPRs)
Wrestling Reporters: BECKY TO IMPACT CONFIRMED?
Thought Riho was bleeding a ton down her arms. Turns out it was just pink straps.
I forgot the name of it but I'm sure I could find it on my lunch break if you want but there's one I read a while back where a kid commits suicide due to bullying and watches from purgatory as he sees the aftermath with his single father greiving and the bully's dealing with the blame, etc. last I remember I doesn't go all in on the sad greiving ending but it's still pretty solid
Yamada Kuns author had a manga before that called &lt;Yankee kun to Megane Chan&gt; No magic but I'd you liked Yamada you'll like this. I'll warn you the ending is pretty weak tho
That he can shit inside.
&gt; he can never win a match and people will still wanna watch him [Sounds like someone else AEW has](https://youtu.be/_r0n9Dv6XnY)
Nakazawa would be a fighter
Uncle Rikishi comes to visit for the holidays, does it for da rock
Are we sure its not someone we're completely overlooking? Like Jervis Cottonbelly or Lulu Pencil?
Does this mean Shooter is secretly the one in a relationship with Mox and Renee is a beard?
FUCK WHAT YOU HEARD.
Kangaroo Jack. Made the movie look like a fun talking animal comedy with a cute kangaroo Turns out the clips used all over the marketing were the only two minutes of the movie to really feature the Kangaroo that way and the rest of the movie was a fairly generic " On the run from the mob" movie
"Vince McMahons a bitch ass punk"
Orange Cassidy came to my house and kicked my dog.
I wouldn't be surprised if that's exactly what they did, at least at first, considering they're the " tag team" company.
Okay but what's Nascar spelled backwards?
He also knows more about the talent and the product then JR seems to. Not meant to be a dig at JR but holy shit I was impressed by the sheer professionalism of Dave Brown.
Jesus christ he fucking slingshotted right to the wood and barricade.
Mustard Ali funny.
Or we get a month long storyline where Roman Reigns is hospitalized after almost choking on a screw in his Tuna and we find out it was Angelo Dawkins who put the screw in the tuna.
So...Rachael Leigh Cook?
Joey's gonna get thrown in and somehow hit the only spot in the entire ocean full of light tubes and a table.
Jericho is gonna hang dong tonight and surpass everyone. Im tellin you
Kong was not cleared due to being sick.
Isn't this her first actual match since Fyterfest?
He's gonna get his pants full on ripped off at this point.
Sick, not cleared to wrestle.
6 ft even according to wikipedia. Looks about right compared to the 5'5 Shida.
[Wikipedia](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Melanie_Cruise)
Between the super dead crowd tonight and the fact that the crowd went from into it to dead during the Riho/KStat matchlast week is a pretty clear indicator that this isn't working. They might be able to turn it around like the Dark Order are doing right now but I don't feel it.
&gt; that woman with half black/half ginger hair (can't remember her name) I legit have no idea who you're referring to here.
Or give him time off from AEW to recover (in a ring in Japan)
QT MARSHAL. FUCKING LETS GOOOOOOO
Wanna shoot a brother a link?
Billy gun, Dustin Rhodes, and DDP all wrestling on national TV in 2020. Who'd have guessed that in the 90's?
Remade. They have DDPY branding.
I always got the impression that DDP (not just including his yoga) was a lot more respectful to his body than guys like Hogan and Flair were.
He also probably can't do too much, dudes in his 60's. Hell im shocked Dustin is able to go as well as he does too.
&gt; I have NO idea where Bea went to ... Stardom?
Not Rich, not George, just cheese.
So there is a quote from one episode and I can't remember anything about it but someone says something along the lines of "There are starving writers at Siena College who'd work for free" or something. Been trying to find the exact quote for ages now.
Lulu Pencil - F5
Alternate timeline where HHH stays as Hunter Hearst Helmsley and starts a stable of underling with a chess theme. The Rook.
Some people around here really struggle with seeing the general movement of a long term storyline and character growth sometimes, Hangman being a pretty decent example of it since I've seen people in live threads say similar things about how "They've really improved his character with these changes" as if AEW just pivoted, cancelled old Hangman Page and decided to go in a new route entirely.
There's been a mixture of stories of people claiming that he has been everything from blackballed from certain places to talking a lot of talk but not putting in the work to back it up. Jericho rather famously turned him away from wrestling as well for a while with the reason being to protect him I believe. To me it's always just seemed like the dude enjoys wrestling but has some serious trauma regarding it and wanting to "follow the family business" while at the same time not wanting to.
I think it's less about long term stories, though I don't entirely disagree, but a lot more to do with American wrestling being very 2D in terms of emotional storytelling. AEW had had characters who are very multifaceted in terms of their character whether it's the current Hangman portrayal of this developing Christopher Daniels storyline of him botching against Penta and working it into a storyline that isn't entirely front and center every week. Hell the Dark Order plot line has had a lot of this too, the beaver boys aren't just joining the Dark Order because their jobbers and no one cares what we do with them but we actually get a motivation to help make us care a little more about why jobbers are joining this team. Also just to be clear not saying AEW is some great storytelling company, guys like MJF and Cody are still very classic heels and faces who just go out and do the schtick you'd expect, though they're both phenomenal talkers. But compared to WWE promos it feels way less stilted and impersonal in AEW.
My favorite was when Moxley called Ibushi a " Kid" even though Ibushi a few years older.
Tokyo Manji Revengers
Honestly it would be lame as fuck if that happened considering they're basically the same general company now and Stardom has been the one sending talent over.
I was going to say Dustin Rhodes as a classic example as well but he just barely eeked out of the running with his recent style changes (Which I am enjoying)
Brock Lesnar and Kairi Sane.
We've already got Caligula. Same same.
Let's not forget the literal Neo-Nazi's running around areas like Altamont.
👏👏👏
[Link for the curious](https://youtu.be/cSwZdJl8dzo) Fair Warning: It's pretty difficult.
You look at the maclunky and think about how delicious it would be. You think about how delicious it would be if you ate it raw. You think about how delicious it would be if you ate it cooked.
Imagine being on an island in the Caribbean and off in the distance you see a cruise ship blowing off pounds of pyro for seemingly no reason and on the distance you just here a muffled "Crowd is here, about to blow"
Rokudou awakened his Chad-Powers and killed everyone in blind, unadulterated, chadness.
I was gonna say Yu Yi Hakusho was on Adult Swim first, and super early on in Adult Swims run before the cleaned up version made it to Toonami a while later.
But where the hell is Vicki?
I'd pay to watch Moxley drunkenly sing his way through the Naurto opening songs. I'm sure he does a solid seishun kyousoukyoku
Your second point hopefully gets fixed by the new show.
Just a common belief that Twitch mods are often way more lenient to female steamers, especially titty streamers, than they are to men or other streamers. The joke is that E-girls bribe mods with nudes and other shit to get favorable treatment.
Tl;dr: He's ok.
I believe it was Tanaka who did an interview about having them joke around about his Divorce right after it happened and stated that it really helped him deal with it at the time since it gave him something to laugh about during a really shitty time in his life and it was his friends who were, in their own way, doing their best to make him smile.
Glorious Albany, New York Home of The Egg, Steamed Hams, the Beer truck Austin drove that one time, Bobby Fish. Royal Rumble 92.
[this, I think](https://speedcultureapp.com/the-banger-movement-clean-culture/)
&gt; Riho is kind of already cosplaying as a child (or am I misreading her gimmick - she's not meant to be a loli? Her style is basically Lolita fashion, so. Yeah. Gymnastic Princess is a look I could see girls getting on board with. &gt; Swole - would shaving the side hair do it? I don't know. Could totally see swole getting over when kids as a muscular bad bitch sorta way. Like I could totally see kids flexing with her during her entrance routine. &gt; Shanna - look at me I'm French and/or Spanish ??? Portuguese* &gt; Hikaru Shida - if you can get the umbrella right everything else should be easy I guess? Kendo stick* For the most part most of the women don't have gimmicks that can be as easily cosplayed since it's not facepaint and street clothes but I'm talking more about having kids rep the merch and going crazy when they see their favorite wrestle. We haven't really gotten that for the women yet (granted the women's division hasn't exact been smooth yet)
Wee-nominal one
I don't know who you are but pointing out how guilty this guy sounds makes you seem pretty guilty. I'm watching you. 👁️
Kills Nakazawa officially.
Especially one of Pre-Timeskip Nia. Wouldn't expect mox to be a lolicon.
There was an audio interruption to be fair. Sounds like a cruise ship blew its horn right next door.
Britt. Brandi at least has some charisma when she cuts promos.
Broke: Cody's weight belts Woke: Marko's Life Jacket
They're getting old, yes, but again if they were ending the show after what? Over a decade? They'd make a huge announcement about it.
You wouldn't be saying that if you saw what that snake tweeted a few years ago about black people
Also Jerricho walks around nude and pours drinks
Brian Cage
Good bot
They still make them. My old employer use to keep a candy drawer and ol always hoard the wafers.
Does he? Everything he says sounds like he's ready to focus on creative and step back from in ring work
Hey there was also that guy that was 100% trustworthy on facebook who backed that idea up. You know. That guy no one ever heard of?
He looks 2 cute 4 school.
&gt; He just doesn't say it cause he's a good guy Swing and a miss.
I don't want to give away my real name on Reddit but let's just say the Hornswoggle McMahon storyline was based on my real life story.
Kairi Sane.
Is Shelton rocking My Hero Acadamia shorts?
But Batman was clearly in the royal rumble last night, he teamed up with The New day and hit a wicket 619 Also, Batman is a lot shorter than I expected. Like Rey Mysterio levels of short.
&gt; First episode date: July 24, 2018
Can't wait for Penta to show up at the Superbowl
Fenix will find a way to hop on the gridiron's, run across, and hit a 900 swanton on some random dude
WWE has had some cool live performances at WM for main events between Motorhead for HHH or Joan Jett for Rhonda. Drew should get [The Proclaimers](https://youtu.be/xnnyDDldRn8) [It would really get the crowd pumped up](https://youtu.be/yy9GmieAEaQ) [Pumped like no one else could.](https://youtu.be/VKyWLAaStwM)
They re edit it in from Fenix's first Superbowl
Neuromancer? I barely know er!
Unless Brock becomes the fiend.
With hair he looks like a buff Lawrence Sontagg
&gt; organizing wrestling events in Iran to negociate the release of prisioners And then converting to Islam for the rest of his life, in secret.
His booty shorts.
&gt; Also I work in New Jersey but live in New york. It said I owe nj 500 ? how does that work? Do I get a credit or something that applies to ny? Yes, New York State has a Resident Credit where you would claim any taxes you paid to other states. [Line 41 on the New York State IT-201 Resident Credit Form.](https://www.tax.ny.gov/pdf/current_forms/it/it201.pdf) [Scroll down to Line 41 on the instructions for more information.](https://www.tax.ny.gov/pdf/current_forms/it/it201i.pdf) For the first part I don't have a set answer for that without really being able to stroll through it but it could be that you're working with as far as the forms go but I hope this helps.
Honestly I wish they did that more often for some of their guys. They had Private Party talking about their training during the Road To Cleveland. It at least makes it seem like a bigger deal when you have that tiny detail.
John Cena showed up and actually pinned them both. It was a huge swerve. Can't believe you missed it.
Joey and Lawrence "The Troll" Sontagg for AEW Tag champs plz. Book it tony.
His Jezebel of a girlfriend tried to fuck on Cody and got Arn ejected.
She went backstage and the force ghost of Adam Cole was smiling from afar like the end of Return of the Jedi.
Power tops are better than power bottoms
I mean one of his kids nearly got executed for having weed, another was apprantly disowned for being a lesbian and living under a bridge in America or something. Haven't followed that last story in a while so I'm not sure how true that ended up being
How DARE you fill up this quality subreddit with reposts. You're worse than HITLER /s But nah it's all good, as far as reposts go this is at least a fun one rather than the millionth ratings thread.
SAVE US GEDO
Cant wait for the WWE Stock vs AEW Ratings threads and the 20 nightly concern trolling posts.
He poisoned our water supply, burned our crops and delivered a plague unto our houses!
Best friends in a "PBR death match"
Lmao dumbass he isn't in the NFL. He's in the NHL.
Also what I'm assuming is basically Navi on his staff.
It was actually a link to Matt Hardy's tweet about the Jeff angle from this week's smackdown. Khan was in the responses saying he was glad to have Matt with AEW. I don't remember seeing anyone post directly to Khan's reply, if they did it got deleted pretty fast.
Um actually wrestling is pre-determined. You can't fake diving off of Westminster and the fact that you called this feat of physical determination fake makes me very upset.
Luchasarus is very popular in Japan. Unsurprised that he would make an apperance for Ice Ribbon.
Out here disrespecting Step-Dad Alfred like this.
[GOD DAMN!!!](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zhHWde505pI)
"The Smarkies" would make for a good subreddit annual award series.
Yes!
I mean he did have a doctor on directly after the corona denier to balance that and his interview with Nyla Rose about being trans was pretty empethetic as well. I think he's just a tryhard /r/ENLIGHTENEDCENTRISTS posterboy.
Really just Chuckie. Dude is peak wrestling twitter and has been for a long time now.
I laughed out loud when he talks about living in his car by choice and Aubrey just goes "...why?"
I mean was there ever any doubt taker was a true blue ignorant redneck?
Dude seems like some sort of ignorant ass "both sides" sort of dude so I have zero idea what to even consider outside of him trying too hard to appease everyone like he's continually done for ages now but he'd be way better off just outright apologizing and owning up to it rather than letting shit fester
I mean that's probably also correct for guys who didn't have worldwide acclaim before WWE compared to someone like AJ or Shinsuke who were well known/liked NJPW wrestlers. Makes me wonder what the Asuka/Kana situation is in that regard or why Kairi and Io kept their names but who knows, im just some smark on the internet.
The Cornette Podcast is gonna be getting so many sponsor requesting I bet. personally i'd go with Bojangles.
Linda is his ex, yes.
[Is it?](https://twitter.com/LindaHogan/status/1266928168121729024)
You're not banned yet?
Sneaky Pentagon getting ready to throw his glove was the highlight of our wednesdays and we didn't appreciate it enough when he still had it.
Honestly im shocked Tommy Dreamer is still alive and walking after that first AEW ppv.
Are we sure that Pentagon JR. isn't actually just a Lucha skeleton wearing a suit of muscle and skin as a disguise?
If I remember correctly WCW teamed up with Baywatch to cross promote so a bunch of WCW wrestlers were in an episode. I think it was during one of the Bash at the Beach PPV's, I wanna say that one had a "Baywatch match" which was basically a regular wrestling match.
My whole life has been leading up to this moment.
TIJ isn't Dynamite. Also a 2 second squash match with zero offense isn't featured either.
I thought you meant be a 9 foot tall wall of USDA Grade A Beef and I mean, you can't teach that.
good on em
Ill beat off to it if he gives me even 1 star. Balls in your court, Meltzer.
Riho, Chuckie T, surprise signee Ryusuke Taguchi.
Statlander is also the #2 woman in the rankings.
Either they're cool with it or Andrade just too tranquilo to care.
Must've never worked in retail. Those soccer moms, man. Best pop up powerbombs in the business.
What if my actual goal is to be jealous of Sammy?
&gt; no bread Satoshi Kojima says "No thank you"
I wish they were swappable bodyparts so I could build my dream wrestler. Britt Bakers head on Brian Cage's body, the left arm of Dustin Rhodes, the Right arm of Marko Stunt, and the legs of Yuka Sakazaki. Also Jr's hat.
THere's that one clip of a dude at ringside with a "Billy Gunn is a faggot" sign which, for the 90's, wasn't that uncommon unfortunately.
The former owner died from Covid-19 a few months back too. RIP.
By this logic Mike Tyson is "Iron" weight. Mike Tyson on his way to DDT confirmed?
Bring back the naked Mideon gimmick but give it to Otis.
Im feeling old because i have zero idea who this is.
Can't wait till the Amphibian frog girl is introduced and she's gay.
Ok class next word, please spell " Gongagagagagagagagaga"
Sakurai pllzzzzzz. Y u only plae babby gaem?
Dang you sure got them.
That's only like what? 6 feet in the air? Practically nothing! /s
It was just clever camera angles and really good selling. Plus Jericho was actually a high-tech hologram projected to the ring, you wouldn't have even noticed.
Learned it from Yano. The true GOAT
And then farts
Rb has been showing his AEW bias for a while now. Are we sure that he isn't actually becoming an AEW paid shill? What payroll are you on /u/rb_reigns. Who bought you out?!?
Frankensteiner from Invisible Man
and best friends with Cindy Lauper? RB you lucky dog.
For me it's the fact that everyone calls Pro wrestling...well...pro WRESTLING and as fans we view it through the context of kayfabe while watching and talking about it. Referring to it as sports entertainment in a kayfabe way just doesn't work and feels like they're just outright saying that "this is all a stage performance!"
Good to know Joey's out there crushing claws AND racial oppression. Joey and QT for Tag Team Champs.
Think of the heat, bro. Nuclear heat bro, work the crowds bro.
Ends with Michelle Obama turning face and interfereing with the match leading up to Michelle vs Bayley for the title.
It's a good thing you can adjust your name over time.
It was his EX girlfriends back door. He only goes for his wife's beaver.
His pride levels must be off the charts cause he's looking mighty powerful.
My favorite part is that Nyla Rose the wrestler is still a giant fucking dork (All your base are blong to us, Kenny) but just one who's completely comfortable with beating the shit out of people at the drop of the hat.
Shawn Dean has the makings of being a star. A lot of the guys and girls AEW has had on the dark matches are pretty solid looking albiet green in many ways. Personally I'm just looking forward to maining Faboo Andre in the AEW video game.
Hey, it's probably a slow day in the basement this dude calls his home. Cut him some slack. Making alts and low effort posts on Reddit to upset literally no one is his only way of trying to express himself to others.
I feel like the right answers have been said but I just wanna say The first Cero Miero when Pentagon is back with Fenix is gonna get such a huge pop.
Probably something similar to admin leave until his contract is up or they'll find a way to give him severance and cut his contact short. At least that's my best guess. I'd be shocked if they want him to continue being on record as an employee of any sort after all this negative PR.
loaded with sumac.
Food writing is just like any other type of pop-media writing whether it's movies, technology, music, etc. You have your "high" and "low" forms. (Pop vs Orchestra, Marvel vs Martin Scorsese movies, etc.) and in food that's often the difference between the local small restaurant serving up burgers and fries and a 2-3 star Michelin restaurant. And part of the issue is the inherent snobbery that comes with these sorts of things and when you're trying to appeal to the high-end of the spectrum you tend to be railroaded into "talking smart" and trying to sound as verbose and wordy as you can manage. It's like the difference between Guy Ferari or even someone like Anthony Bourdain (RIP) where they may occasionally be wordy with their reviews of food but they usually keep things simple (or go overly simple in Guy's case). Compared to someone who presents themselves as being high-brow "real foodie" type presenters who focus on the buzzwords and using as many fancy sounding big words as they can to make someone feel smart while consuming their media. It's not a dig at the person themselves, I think Morroco is great on screen, it's just that he's very much that high-brow food type of person while someone like Brad is more of the Diners Drive Ins and Dives type of every man personality where he usually says things in the simplest way he can, even if he's talking about something your average american chef has no idea about like Sumac.
I was going to make a joke about the finger poke of doom. Then I realized that the Samoan spike is kinda the advanced version.
Wouldn't the other people who don't have their own shows not be getting paid either (Rick, Gabby, etc?)
Magic Meth? Breaking Bad: Balance
Oda is def the Dennis Rodman of Suzuki-Gun
There's a massive megathead on the front page start with that, it'll be the easiest way.
Scheduling conflicts mostly exacerbated by Awesome Kong's body issues.
Christopher Daniels, cleanest ass in all of AEW.
Tbf she was still pretty green when AEW first started and it showed when in the ring with someone like Riho. That being said i've been on the Nyla hype train since the start. Girls got the look, the size, and the charisma to be something special for the company. Her early kayfabe interviews at the media scrums sold me on her early on and now that she's had a chance to actually talk on TV it's clearly won people over as well. Of course A LOT of the hate she was getting early on as well had a lot to do with her gender and not to do with her in ring skill.
Hmm... Mmm..
Im doing a sort of Naito LIJ maneuver except im bringing Kojima's Bread Club to the United States. My catchphrase is "It's bread time" and when I win I tell my opponents to "stop loafing around" It's very marketable, I think.
She couldn't handle the Funky Weapon and came crawling back.
So you're saying Colt AND Moxley are both quitting AEW? Times are wild.
Don't hire random cast-offs who either can't work or do backstage heavy lifting. Don't pay Master P's cousin thousands of dollars for no reason.
You're basically a human body with a tiny chair for a head
Dude would be a fucking star. Instant top gaijin.
🍊👍
I bet he bought JR a Moscow Mule backstage afterwards.
&gt; This was when he tried to fight Janela, right? Fight makes it sound like he tried to punch him. Dude chased him into the parking lot with a knife and had to get carried away by police.
So you're telling me when Matt Hardy says that Private Party reminds him a lot of the younger Hardy Boys he's not actually saying they're rip offs?
At least it's not the one of Dusty with one of his testicles hanging out.
I'm a paid AEW shill and if I succeed I get 37 Young Bucks to spend at Disney Land.
Not true. I mean sure Goldberg only had 2 moves but that's because Video Games back the only had 2 buttons. Now that we have way more buttons and combinations wrestlers are allowed to have way more moves.
I mean he's apparantly just as much of a workaholic as Vince based on the stories that have been told but he seems like way less of control freak about his products. In terms of Crazy Billionaire stories im expecting more stories about 100s of tacos and Fresh Mutz for the Boys and less stories about strip club shenanigans and bodily fluids.
I might get some flak for this but it's basically bi-sexuality but under the pretense that the "gender' part of it doesn't matter. Sorta like saying "Im not just attracted to men or women, im attracted to everyone." Which is either bi-sexuality or something completely different depending on your views on how to classify gender.
Im still not convinced that the Dark Order spokesperson they use in the recruitment commercials isn't a dude off Fiverr also.
We've got 4 titles and a real snazzy looking diamond ring and we're barely over a year in. People gotta chill out.
&gt; he black faced Was there a different picture that came up because the only one I remember was the one of him during a Body Building competition with a dark spraytan all over his body and making a joke about the movie [Soulman](https://www.imdb.com/title/tt0091991/). A dumb joke about a movie that aged extremely poorly sure but is it really fair to call it blackface?
Nyla Rose. She's such a natural face and is so great at chasing after the title when the heel's try to keep her down. Take this past Shida/Nyla feud. Nyla spend months finding Shida's lost kendo stick, gave it back to her, and look how Shida repaid her kindness.
I'd imagine half way through it would suddenly change and be obvious that someone else took over and is answering now for damage control. Im not sure if it would be Trump first and then Steven Miller second or if Miller would start and Trump would get fussy because he didn't get his afternoon nap and McRib and started answering on his own without supervision.
What if there are cats smart enough to use Reddit and no one notices?
Not saying they are or aren't but Japan has a pretty terrible track record with handling mental health. There's been some push for improvements in recent years after multiple events became hot topics, primarily a review of suicide by overwork policies following multiple deaths in a short period of time. So hopefully following this Stardom is doing their part, I'd be extremely disappointed if they weren't.
🎶 Do not diddle kids, it's no good diddlin' kids🎶 🎶I wouldn't do it with anybody younger than my daughter, not little kids, gotta be big🎶
Kevin Dunn wishes he has camera work like this
She already made that joke, Taz didn't get it, even after she explained it I'm not sure if Taz understood.
If Tanahashi releases on your hair you gain his glorious mane.
I do it because he constantly berates women over their appearance as well.
I know some MLM's/Uplines joke about giving fake receipets/Boxes for their downlines to fake/hide how much they're actually spending from "hater husbands" or whatever. If you dig through this sub you'll find posts from women joking about how mad their husbands would get if they found out how much they were spending, as if that's a normal or healthy fucking thing to say.
&gt;Wonder whose fault that is... Either Paul Heymans or Eric Bischoffs. Should just replace everyone with Kevin Dunn.
Janela Kiss is the tag team I never knew I needed but im glad we've gotten it. Im all for Team Jersey Devils.
Funny enough that's sort of where it's coming back round to as a lot of the " DAE CONSLE PLEBS R DUM?" people are getting made fun of constantly. It's not exactly a perfect sub but it's certainly better than /r/gaming has been.
No problem, good luck with your spear.
Do you think an average person off the street could create gifs as fine as those? No. It's so obvious, the hints are all there, sheeple gotta wake up.
Oh no I kept going. I just love Nakazawa so much I feel the need the need to announce it every time I see him.
&gt; 95% garbage movies but has occasional award winning movie released every now and then.
I was going to make a joke about being embarassed to be associated with such a cesspool sub and then I realized "Hey, at least its not Wrestle with the plot or SCJerk."
Gets to? Every scene he's in has him dancing 24/7.
Thats why a lot of major celebs will have a secondary company or representative buy properties or other public recordable goods for them so that their names aren't on record. Obviously in some cases it's kinda hard to hide that someone like Taylor Swift is living down the street but if you want a secluded get away location having it under some random persons name and being able to hire someone to do public shit like shopping or landscaping for you makes it way more secure.
Michael Nakazawa Lulu Pencil Michael 2 Belts Nakazawa Toru Yano and Okada
Usagi Drop never happened. It's not real, It can't hurt you.
An entire season of Tough enough but just Anoa'is. Think of the headbutts.
I honestly believe Hangman Page has a shot, at the very least Top 5.
Nothing gets past you, huh.
&gt; via therapy or family if possible. Japan, culturally, isn't exactly the best at that sort of thing.
Per my buddy who's a huge fan and just moved home from a few years in Japan they have their popularity, they're not superstars or anything but they're fairly well known. Ikkyu had a spike in popularity after she formed that semi-joke ban with Gesu No Kiwami Otome/Indigo La End's Enon Kawatani, Comedian Cookie, and some other guy who's name escapes me at the moment but it's not like she's way above the rest of the band or anything.
Yeah I have no idea. I could ask my buddy if he has any idea since he tends to follow her social media way closer than I do but yeah, no idea. I wanna say they seem familiar, like they're other musicians Ikkyu is friends with but Im not 100% sure.
or Rick Knox, or Marko, basically anyone who's regularly in these videos.
We're all real journalism on this blessed day.
Its actually going to be like Jackie Chan Adventures where they walk in on the Rock training and then he tells a random story about wrestling a tiger or something.
Seems like they've been shooting dark whenever they have time, hence why some are day, some are night, some are different locations. I'd imagine this was shot after the show was over and most people went home.
It's the stache.
BASED BIG SWOLE WITH THE TUXEDO MASK COSPLAY FUCKING COSPLAY BATTLE WITH SHIDA. Book it Tony.
"Why does Joey have all this pyro?!" The mystery of why Joey has so much pyro continues on.
I mean he's enhancement talent. Once he signs more full time i'd imagine they'd roll out a better theme at least. I mean we just got a good song for Private Party, gotta give em time.
She's like WWE's Eden if Eden got a push.
Is this Allie's first match since the 2nd PPV?
Tangentally related but i'd pay to see The Nightmare Family become a Sonichu tribute team.
Ok but imagine this. Kenny Omega and Nakazawa hitting Chuck and Trent with Hentai Slides in the middle of AEW:Magic Kingdom the PPV. If we manage to somehow snake this thing through the NBA and TNT to get to wrestling the memes would get even better
Wasn't Randy the one who also dislocated his shoulder getting pumped up and punching the mat?
&gt; Najimi has been **the worst** and best person in the story [*ahem*](https://pm1.narvii.com/6538/233307703f3ed769109af89092b32eb21e5484cd_hq.jpg)
There are different type of gyaru, Black gal's are just the "sterotypical" version of it dating back from the old ganguro style in the 90's.
"Tony Khan's dad donated to trump and paid this SHILL to badmouth le fed." I think im doing this right.
I don't think thats actually Donald Trump, he seems to coherent.
[Walter Robb Day](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Walter_Robb_\(engineer\))
👏 FEED 👏 THAT 👏 CAT 👏
Brock vs Kairi but it's ruined by a Nia Jax run in before the bell even rings and ends with Charlotte pinning Brock and Kairi for the title.
Technically that would be anti-antisemitism and that's more of him making a shit comparsion and looking like an idiot for saying something stupid. Not like he's saying "The Jews should go back to Auschwitz". You're overreacting.
OOTL, what happened? Is this in regards to David Starr?
Honestly the fact that Mick is still alive, let alone a seemingly normal and still "with it" dude, is a miracle.
He has those Rockstar genes, but instead of being resistant to copious amounts of drugs and unprotected groupie sex it's severe bodily harm.
Juvi's been getting more shoutouts from AEW in the past two years than anyone else in the past 10.
Imagine if you went back to the 80's and said that Dustin Rhodes was going to spend nearly 20 years as a non-binary sex fiend, have a budding friendship with Booker T, and then reinvent himself to start pulling of some high flying lucha moves in his 50's.
QT has been getting in much better shape since he first started showing up on TV, especially since him and Dustin started getting more screen time.
Dustin's bringing capes back. It's been too long.
JEZEBEL. CLAP CLAP CLAPCLAPCLAP
The patch was staying on before but Dustin got too powered up and went plus ultra resulting in an increase of his muscle mass blasting the patch off.
QT Marshall, official fighting dreamer.
Wouldn't be a wrestling live thread if there wasn't nonstop thirst during the womens segments.
That's not how you make babies.
It's a filler match to get a win to MJF and Billy Gunn is still able to go in the ring pretty well, plus we get a chance for a little story build for his Son who's still in training. Not like he's booking himself to go for title shots.
Cody saw Joey's pyro and said "NO, IM THE GAME BOY. IM THE ONE WHO WINS. GIVE ME THE BIGGER PYRO"
To be fair they've been on a roll with the womens roster build up since Jericho Cruise only to get halted due to Covid and now its building back up again.
The company they were going to use couldn't do it right away due to covid. Gonna be a while.
Ricky Starks fucking oozes charisma, dude's gonna be one of the greatest wrestling stars in the future. I feel it.
No fucking way they don't try to lock him down for occasional apperances, he's so fucking good, has so much potential to be great.
Marko Stunt, probably. That little pottymouth.
Im honestly surprised JR hasn't, It's like this moment was made for him.
Big swole is busy driving to the next city to drop her off at the arena.
Just now
Homebrew IPA sommeliers.
For when you gotta beat the shit outta someone but don't wanna leave hammer marks on the material.
Please give me Cage vs Wardlow vs Butcher vs Luchasarus
If you had a body like that you'd be showing it off 24/7 as well. I know I would.
"I've got Demons" His name is Shooter, Mox. Address your adopted son.
Dean Ambrose went to live in the desert alone. They're different people.
The chosen one who will bring balance to the wrestling force.
I hear Tony Khan tried to sign Clone's Clone when AEW was first starting but he was working out a deal with NXT and turned them down. Wondering when we're going to get him on TV.
Just wait for when the Wrestling world Summit happens again and we get Otis, Big E, Acey Romero, and Bad Luck Fale, and El Nino Hambergeusa in on the party.
Depends, did anyone check it for cucumbers first?
I personally found it the other way around but I just REALLY hate Kanji. My main issue with Korean is I have a lisp and struggled to pronounce things clearly more often than I had liked.
Yeah but the Elite and Tony Khan never even told Jericho thank you.
And you're going to mention that Martin Luther is a Japanese death match legend, right?
They said FTR can stand for anything which is why I beleive it stands for "Funyuns taste rad"
Good good boy? That's Griffin's old babysitter, Stephanie MacDuggins.
At least Shawn has had a public coming to god and cleaned himself up. If someone told me Marty was still trying to do this today i'd believe it without a doubt.
The worst part too is while it's known that older guys in the business were almost all widespread, drug addled scumbags at somepoint you have this air of it being much better these days than it was back then. And then now you have all this going on that shows how it's really not all that better, it's just less obvious in this day and age.
According to the post show it was and his shots were used a few times.
GIMME THE GREENLIGHT
I live in a renovated add on that was sealed off upon my birth, forced to hone my painting skills so they can be sold for profit and continue to build up my parents massive wealth. Occasionally they'll slide a wendys chicken sandwich through a small hole in the ceiling.
Should've started a podcast and talked about being a cuck openly. That's the way to do it these days.
They were on a break.
In the darkest of times The Bread Club will always be there to give us the hearty carb base that we need to make it through.
Or forcing a significant other into having sex after they say no and beating them for it.
"My wife would never fuck him"
Listing all the talented guys, doesn't list Michael Nakazawa or Toru Yano. Smh my head.
They literally put him in rehab for his known history of mental and substance abuse while they Investigate the rape allegation. Firing someone before you know for certain whether an allegation against them is true or not isn't the way to run a business.
If there's anyone id like to see in AEW it's Fire Ant. I bet he and Orange Cassidy would put on such a good match.
Dang you're right, wishing someone the best as they go to rehab is the thing you say when someone is still going to be working for you every Wednesday.
A lot of people are stupid, whats your point?
Might just be me but I considered Cornette's wife calling the guy who exposed her a "jobber" was fucking hilarious in a sad sort of way.
Smart move, wearing sandals instead of boots. Woulda had your mom by the straps if she got too close.
Isn't this shirt a year or two old?
" My daddy is 8 feet tall" You can't teach that.
Even if they were somehow 100% right and this is all a gigantic, world spanning, organized hoax, which you'd have to be stupid to believe that's the case in the first place, This is probably the single least professional and self harming way to go about trying to claim that. Either the people running this promotion are guilty of doing fucked up shit behind the scenes themselves or they're actually the dumbest mother fuckers in the world.
I mean obviously they make enough money considering companies don't try and change up designs that often. A lot of them always seem to be designed to look like rock and metal shirts.
UM BUT CLEARLY THEY HAVENT ACCUSED ANYONE BECAUSE VINCE TAPPED THEIR PHONE LINES AND IS HOLDING THEIR FAMILY HOSTAGE. Or at least that seems to be the gist of what OP is getting at.
Oh yeah you can see there's quite a bit there, someone get a bloody nose or somethin?
It's just a series of "click on the pictures of motorcycles" and none of the pictures ever have motorcycles.
He's going to follow it up with saying shit on TV. We're going to get a double whammy and the IWC will officially close our doors as we have peaked.
We can't be sure until they release the D&amp;D extended editions where they explain that the Mountain actually placed the cup there because he was starting his own chain of starbucks in Westeros.
Ohhh. A Dress display might work best then.
Is that a GoT joke or was that the name of the coffee shop from the BTE skits.
She's going to win the Smackdown women's title, show up on dynamite the next week and drop it in the bin.
First Blood match.
Sasha Banks ((in about an hour): Were better than the Bushwackers.
I don't think it ever hits me how many people who watch WWE are completely unaware of any other wrestling until I go to Twitter. " who is Sammy Guevara?" Lol
Sammy " Golf cart guy" Guevara
It's at least a better hot tub party than what goes down at the Cornette's house.
He died or something, idk dude.
I forgot about Marko the Gnome warrior. Very small, takes a ton of damage, basically a knee high tank.
Fasted Slowrunner.
A few twitter responses were tagging Billy and basically saying "You might want to say something about this since it's using NWA's name"
Any women's match commentated by Lawler?
Lilo and Stitch would've been a way different movie if some of the original ideas stayed in. The whole "Native vs Tourist" aspect was a lot more obvious in some of the original scenes compared to it being heavily implied in the background.
I hope this is what he does as far as public goes and reaches out to Sasha privately. As far as the shitty behavior that's been coming out Sammy's is probably one of the few where owning up to it, expressing regret, and actually showing an attempt to be a better person would actually save his career from being completely destroyed. The shit he said in both of the examples brought forward was fucking disgusting behavior and shouldn't have been said to begin with but showing actual remorse is at least a solid first step in trying to amend for it. Unless it comes out that he's also an abuser or rapist in which case get him the fuck out of wrestling for good. e: Sammy just dug the hole way deeper, dude's done.
Like I had said also there are hints of the wider moral of the story in the background as well such as Nani working at a chincy, Disney style tourist trap with sterotypical food, outfits, and performances based on what mainlanders would imagine Hawai'i culture to be like and how part of the plot of the movie is Nani eventually quitting her job and moving on to find happiness and stability elsewhere. You also have Nani, on the night before Lilo is to be taken away by CPS, singing [Aloha 'Oe](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Aloha_%CA%BBOe) which was written by Queen Lili'uokalani, the last queen of independant Hawai'i and is often considered to be a song memorializing the Haiwai'i kingdom before it was to be taken over by the United States. Basically it's serving as both Nani saying goodbye to Lilo as well as fitting into the wider cultural aspects of the Lilo and Stitch story.
He unliked it almost instantly.
It's older, called someone a Faggot on stream and instantly apologized for it.
I'm not as sure, if the rape claim doesn't go anywhere I think AEW is more likely to keep him rather than drop him but he'd certainly be on eggshells. Sammy is probably safe as far as his job goes and, from a company standpoint, is much more valuable to AEW as an up and coming star that they'll want to try to rehabilitate as an image.
You also generally wouldn't fire someone based on unverified rumors either which is what AEW is probably waiting on. Whether he is proven to have, or at the very least almost certainly have, raped his ex or if the claims don't manage to hold water under scrutiny with the other investigations going on.
It's always the first thing I think about when you see these up and coming sports stars who are basically going from High School to making a million dollars as a pro. You either see it go to their heads or you see them manage to come out clean and keep themselves grounded. Lebron James is the poster child for that sort of thing, Chinese stoogery aside.
???
Renee is going to become head of creative.
You're a few hours late on that one.
That's what they did, my guess is he's off until the next PPV at least.
Ah yes. the Luchasarus defense. If the tail don't fit, you must acquit!
Imagine thinking someone being exposed as a sexual predator and an all around shitty person to work with is " cancel culture" lmao.
The fuck is a community number?
God vague accusations are so counterproductive, I understand it's not the easiest or safest thing to call out an abuser whos in a posistion of influence but vague tweets cause way more harm than good in most cases.
After all this quarantine time Hiromu probably could use a few inches off.
Clearly not
Again or is this a different one?
I mean Marty's accusations are a little less out there than Joey's. I figure if things ramp up against Marty they'll remove him too.
yeah it's more so that a straight up punch doesn't feel like something that should be in a wrestling match, at least not as a finisher. Feels cheap, I guess. It's also is kind of boring, at least something like the Superman punch looks dynamic and flashy.
Yes, the most promenant were a girl who posted screenshots of her getting into a facebook arguement with Joey Janella, a girl accusing Chris Jericho and then having to walk it back a few hours later when her proof didn't hold up to her accusations, she then came back, made a very vague tweet accusing Alliester Black of not really anything specific and then refusing to actually specify anything of note that Black had done wrong other than "being part of the boys club"
&gt; That's why i can't call for Darbys head after this accusation This should be your response to accusations anyway. Believe that they may be truthful accusations but not jumping to conclusions and trying to end a persons entire career until it's proven they're actually at fault. Having multiple corrobrating stories that line up and zero proof to refute the claims, such as with Starr or Ryan, is one thing. Having written or audio evidence to back up a claim, like Sammy, is another. Having someone give a third hand account with little to back it up, such as with Jimmy is an entirely seperate thing on its own. Do I think Jimmy is guilty of rape? It's entirely possible, do I think he should be fired on the spot? Not until an investigation is done and we know for certain that the claim holds water and Jimmys guilt is proven.
Yeah ill fully admit im a total mark for AEW and really enjoy the majority of their roster in and out of the ring but Darby is one of the guys who I respect for his in ring talent, I think he's very entertaining for his style, but god damn I really can't stand the way that he comes off outside of the ring. Constantly sounds like an edgy douche who never grew up after high school, which appears to be accurate. I honestly think he'll be the first one to be let go by the company out of these accusations.
I can't seem to find it anywhere but Im also not looking that hard TBH since im working but it was basically a similar story of Darby being abusive physically and sexually.
Live sex celebration. That way everyone wins.
Thats why Taz is going to squeeze all the juice outta him. Dude's gonna come out looking like Peter Avalon when they're done
Honestly Asuka knocking Holm out and then proceeding to stomp around the octagon screaming incoherently in Japanese and spraying the mist into the air would make me watch UFC for the rest of my life.
I mean where do you think Brock learned it from? He was a big Kana mark back in the day.
The NWO had their own ref and it worked out GREAT, so no fears from me.
This isn't even an apology. It's basically saying "I did it but it's totally not the way she says it is".
The glove is going get destroyed and Tully is going to cut a promo telling Shawn that the power was in him all along.
Honestly im looking forward to this Griff Garrison guys career. He's got a good look to him, seems like has some solid potential.
It's not every day someone makes Archer look like an above-average height dude instead of a fucking giant.
Right right.
Im down for No Filler, All Thriller Dark Order to become a thing. Make them into a credible threat.
They kinda have given her any sort of character work since her like one or two performances with the Nightmare Collective.
She's still pretty green but given how many top women are out I wouldn't be surprised if she gets a call up sooner than later to help round out the rank. Im assuming that's why Mels being featured atm.
Im ready for him to get called up and have a solid push to get him established on Dynamite. He's the type of talent you build a next generation around.
You mean Avalon?
Basically the entire Joshi scene, especially Emi Sakura.
&gt; I was against them removing Chris Benoit Dude's actions literally almost sunk the entire business in the United States. I can't really hold it against WWE for wanting to scrub his name from a lot of their archives.
I know you said you can't tell OP but can you tell me? Your good pal A Kitty Cat?
More wrestlers need to do cosplay entrances for big matches. I'd be down for Zelina to get a big match and come to the ring dressed as Sans from Super Smash Bros. Or Hikaru Shida, another but cosplay fan, coming to the ring as Sans, from super smash Bros.
I mean the closest thing to that would be Lucha Underground, right?
I mean it seems pretty clear Leva is the actual brains of the gimmick. We've seen her bond with Inner Circle, members of the Elite, Jurassic Express, etc. Could totally see her just straight up leave Avalon behind and move on to another group as their valet.
Dude's small enough you could probably shave a few bucks off shipping and handling too for small packages.
Other than the random occasional person saying "The Crowd is going to turn on Becky" and the weirdos like Cornette who are upset that she had the absolute GALL to get pregnant I don't think there's been anyone who's actually had any issues with Becky.
No it's not.
Shitty thing to say but what's your point?
Catchphrases. How am I supposed to care about a wrestler if commentary isn't saying their catchphrase every chance they get?
I love the idea that Kip and Avalon both can't read and are trying to learn together.
That had to be at least what? 12 feet of air all together?
Cody and Brandi both have the freshest fits. Probably helps being stupidly physically attractive.
Cody fucking KNOWS Kung fu Chicken Noodle would fucking squash him in a match.
QT was ordered to stay home in Georgia after coming in contact with someone who was found to have Covid. Won't be seeing him for at least another week since next week is a pre-taped episode.
Oh hey they put the short version of this vingette on TV.
The full version is on twitter and it's excellent.
He was offered membership, this is his "feeling it out" match
Order 66 was actually just Colt performing superman pins on all the jedi.
Well yeah, dudes like 9 feet tall.
Lol I forgot he was one of the ones who beat the shit out of the guy.
I hate Aubrey Edwards, she counts slow. Justice for Luther.
Mox isn't safe at the arena. Mox isn't even safe at home, sitting on the couch with his Wife and adopted Japanese son.
IT would really suck for AEW to lose Statlander, Baker, Sammy, Mox, possibly QT, and Jimmy all in the span of a month basically. Granted some of those names have much better reasons for being gone than others but thats still a blow to the roster losing some top workers.
Gotta be hairy to survive the cold Rochester winters. Those garbage plates really help build up the winter coat.
Britt vs Seoul, a real good feud. Can't believe Britt wants to fight all of South Korea.
Yeah being outdoors def helps, the echo is way reduced so you don't really hear the emptiness nearly as much during matches.
First we get "A little bit of the bubbly" Now we get "That Ain't Water" AEW is the first Tshirt company turned alcohol producer.
It's a 4Kids english dubbed anime. Of course it was.
He would be in the top 10 if he started Donkey Kong in the third gear and used the human element.
I can't even keep track anymore. It's been all too much.
Is it me or Niko looks like quarantine Brandon.
The one people keep bringing up constantly or are you talking about a different one?
Well yeah that's obvious.
And who's saying Miro ain't about to do all that? I mean America is about a foot deep in a civil war build up depending on who you talk to.
AEW tends to be very up and down with their ratings week to week, usually having some big spike and then some big valley, and then back up again. Their demo's tend to be a little more stable. WWE tends to be much more steady across the board. I have zero idea what actually caused this large of a shift this week.
They lose and gain viewers every week. This is a down week, they'll probably be back up next week, and then back down a week or two after.
or has continued to show he's incredibly hard to work with.
Im sure they swung by a kroegers or something on the way home and picked some up.
Danshoku Dino is the Broly of the wrestling world.
Dodged a bullet a couple times. Scurll is a nonce. Luther isn't quite suited for the roll I feel. Hardy is great as is now, i'd rather have him as a light hearted sort of coach figure like he is now than a cult leader. Brodie is excellent as a big, beefy, soft spoken corporate cult leader. Really fits the idea that The Dark Order isn't just a bunch of weirdo's but an organized religious secret society of sorts.
Raw. Asuka starts carrying a gun and pops off shots on her way to the ring. Kairi Sane follows suite with a large machete. That's basically it.
Or Donald Trump.
Naw, truth was just on earlier this week. He lost to Tozawa.
Makes me glad I didn't take off from work to drive out to Rochester for the show. Woulda been so disappointed.
That's not a good number. That's a very bad number.
He sneezed and Vince heard it
Ah, so you're googling him after reading that SRS post too, I see.
Kane hates milk, it's why him and Kurt Angle could never be near each other backstage. Too much legit heat with one another.
Everyone knows once you sign a legends contract you're required to get a chip implanted in your head that transfers your bodily controls over to Vince at a drop of a switch. It's vince's back up plan so if he ever dies he can transfer to a new body.
Before anyone asks, Logan Stunt is Marko Stunt's younger brother.
I'd personally fund a replacement of a confederate statue with Kofi being held up by Woods and E after winning the title from DBry.
No, I'm the cat
&gt; You guys Who's "you guys"?
Usually their mascots for cities, towns, companies, etc. They're usually based on a mixture of a cute character and some sort of local tradition in a lot of cases. Thought plenty of them are just there to be cute.
/u/Matt_2357 IS THE WORST WRESTLING FAN AND HERE'S WHY
Sammy is going to fight Brian at Blood and Guts for the gimmick.
"Shooter what did you think about that match between Moxley and Juice Robinson?" "Fuck." "Thank you shooter, very cool"
Gotta say those kick guards are fancy as fuck.
They're alright. It's sorta of what out Chili's on the map I guess. They're not any better than any other food at Chili's.
The New Bird Order. Hawk Hogan you can go to hell!
Robot spider.
&gt; electrified time-bomb cage Is that the next level of Brian Cage's cyborg gimmick?
It's called business. You have an opponent? You do what you can to rival their moves to keep money out of their pockets.
