Def this, these guys are great
How could you live with yourself after this? Im pretty sure if i was responsible for two childrens deaths i would just kill myself. I wouldnt be able to handle that level of terribleness.
I'm pretty sure there aren't any generations that think.
People treat you the way you let them.
I like that future generations can read, write, and do at least basic math, so I will say good for sure.
Ah yes, the classic scene from Platoon where he delivers a bbq grill. Or maybe that was Saving Private Ryan, or maybe Dunkirk.
Confirmation bias.
We would be friends irl.
Dont worry, 99% chance none of that happened and the twat just posted a kinder egg with liver to make a dumb social media post.
When you think about it, it is. Who is paying to keep all these public toilets clean and working?!
Well I took the chairlift up, and since it took you to the top of the mountain the rest is self explanatory.
To make snarky comments. So far so good.
At first I thought the 'human waste" was those innertubes and the guy was trying to plant trees and they were stopping him. Then I realized what he was doing and my blood started to boil.
Juices. So much sugar. Yea it has some vitamins, so it ranks slightly above soda, but not much. Eat your fruit, don't juice it.
Hire a lawyer and financial adviser. Make sure I have paid all applicable taxes, and then invest the rest in a mix of property, stocks, and bonds, all fairly low risk, with some set aside for a few higher risk investments.
From a fairly basic American understanding, it sounds like a lot of fear mongering about immigrants convinced about half of Britain to leave the EU while failing to point out the potential problems (trade, economic impacts). It reminds me quite a bit of our far right anti Muslim/Mexican rhetoric.
Snakes. Everyone is afraid of them, when in reality they help keep pests down and are generally not harmful to humans.
I think programming should almost be the most important class, on par with math and english. Computers are everywhere, and it's crazy how few people know how to operate one, let alone do any kind of coding.
I had never eaten at starbucks before, but the other day for breakfast I got some egg cheese wrap thing while staying with my sister. I'll go with that, because it was the most awful thing I've ever eaten.
Gasoline and water don't mix either.
Hey this question again, it's new and original.
Printer ink
I would have gone with a title like "hot machine bondage" or something to better fit the porn spoof nature of this sub, but any content on here is an upvote from me anyway so enjoy.
A fucking spear and shield. Everyone uses close in weapons, use a god damn spear or poleaxe or something.
Entropy will eventually win out.
I'd go with a one hand and shield over a two handed. Blocking is very important. Also, how about some freaking armor? None of the zombie cities had shin or arm pads for biking or something they can use?!
That would be ideal, but I think hard to find in most of the zombie worlds. I was thinking like mountain bike pads, probably sufficient for bites. Plate might be overkill and limit mobility.
Try and take over some large companies. Hostile takeover style, just buy any and all outstanding and available stock for amazon, facebook, apple etc.
Right? And they all run around in tank tops and spaghetti strap shirts for the girls. I like the magazine and duct tape idea. That would def stop a bite and super easy to find. If I survived long enough I'd try and find some plate from somewhere though just to be a bad ass.
Nothing could possibli (poss - ib - lie ) go wrong.
And a bad ass two handed word or something too, ok now I kind of want this to happen.
I can hear the sound effects Shhhshahha Shushshhh Swoosha
Wait, you seriously said to some one "you tryna smash?" Probably just off yourself at that point.
Dude, she is into you and you are literlly doing everything to mess it up. Just be cool, if she asks you out "That sounds like fun, let's grab coffee on Thursday" or something. At this point, try and take the mature high road. "Hey sorry about that, I didn't mean to come across as crude. I'd really like to hang out though, how about grabbing some coffee?" Edit: also some life advice, meme's are fun "tryna smash." But they belong on the internet. If you read a meme or phrase on the internet, never use it in real life. Good luck.
According to this http://www.fao.org/save-food/resources/keyfindings/en/ Pretty much the whole world wastes roughly the same amount of food. Also, per capita, Australia wastes more than the US https://www.statista.com/statistics/933059/per-capita-food-waste-of-selected-countries/
Well, water is first. Trying to find a clear stream to drink from. Only drink small amounts at first even if you are very thirsty that way if the water is bad you didn't drink a ton of it. Also drinking after being very dehydrated can be dangerous if you do too much too fast. Second is food, on an island there is a good chance there are coconuts, so those will be a staple. Other little land critters and insects are also probably high on the menu.
It was fun for a while, but I'm over it now.
Set it on fire.
A good knife. I find so many uses for my little pocket/utility knife.
That's awesome! I hope you have a good time!
Pretty much the entire move cliffhanger. Once scene I remember, this guy falls and the rope saves him, but then him and his partner are worried the rope "won't hold his weight" so they have to scramble to save him. Dude, if it can hold the impact of you falling it can hold your stationary weight just fine.
Do some exercise. Push ups, some cardio, get the heart going.
Not from dumb rules, but TIFU is 90% stupid made up sex stories at this point.
I generally hate brags, but weight loss brags are the exception. Losing that much takes dedication and will power so props to ya.
That's a lot of sig figs for weight measurement. Where did you even get a scale that accurate?
Then what is all this green stuff in my pocket?
Because we all know Hollywood portrays relationships and love in a totally realistic way. It's not like it's for entertainment or anything.
As a millennial, the answer should be that we constantly help them with phones/computers. Usually the older crowd "These dang kids and their cell phones" in the next breath "Hey can you help me with my cell phone"
It's not, problem solved.
I find the eco friendly detergents do just as good of a job as the regular stuff, and not much more expensive.
Do research about the company, and ask company specific questions. Maybe they are just launching a new product, or have an interesting policy. Ask something related to that, it shows not only that you are prepared, but that you did your homework about the company.
10% clever, 90% luck.
It for sure does.
WW3, or some kind of civil war in china.
Chances are by the time the tech comes around to revive you, something will have happened with cryo storage and your corps will be rotted anyway.
the e ran away with the spoon.
My whites weren't coming out as clean, but what I found is I was over stuffing my small stack-able washer, I put less in each load and they came out sparklin'
At least -1
Haha how would you know its kidney failure? Did they do an autopsy? Surely satire
I encourage all my employees to do this, it helps avoid the "well I feel like my check should be bigger" because they know what their hours are.
Wtf is a yamask?
I had to service an In School Suspension one time. My head exploded when they wouldn't let us work on homework or study. So I learned schools do some dumb stuff that makes no sense whatsoever.
Pasta that costs 38$
It gets shot down or sputters and crashes into the ocean.
Read the side bar before posing in any subreddit.
One of those arcade bars. Very fun.
I'd take it, then report him.
You know in game of thrones when Cerci captures that one nun lady who rang the bell and yelled shame? How she died.
Incognito mode only keeps other people using the computer from seeing your browser history. It doesn't protect you any more than regular mode when browsing on sites as far as your information or tracking. I'm pretty sure when you launch it, it will even warn you about this.
What's wrong with being the funny friend?
Some kind of rare metal or substance.
Trolling usually.
Most currencies USED to be backed by gold, few now are, I think only one in fact.
Conserves energy.
The more you conserve, the lest you have to worry about finding food. The more you can hide from predators instead of being out eating/foraging for food.
Except he wrote a book that basically explained how he "would have" done it, which seems odd.
"Sitting on the dock of the bay"
I can have cake and ice cream whenever I want, but as an adult I understand how awful that would be for me so I still don't get ice cream and cake all day. Even though that was the dream as a 5 year old. Ice cream for dinner every night!
Yes. We have tried trickle down econ a few times, it doesn't seem to work. However, giving the base more money, when they spend the most, will almost certainly boost the economy.
To show you care about someone.
"how do I do laundry?!" As if there is some trick to it? I guess if you've never done it, maybe it's intimidating?
I'd say 80% of us do, but the 20% who don't basically cause it so none of us can use it.
Cheaper? Probably console. A new console at 499 every 4 years or so is way cheaper than what I just spent on a new video card at 1200, not even considering the rest of the computer.
There are other reddits besides askreddit?
I got the new RTX 2080 Ti. I had some older GTX 970s x2 and one died, so instead of replacing it with another GTX 970 I upgraded. I like to do 4k on high/max settings, not that it really matters, but it's pretty.
Well, according to a quick google, hourly labor is 17% of a burger. So if a burger is 5$, and we double the labor portion, it would go to $5.85 so pretty minimal to actually give those people money they can live off of. Edit : I like the downvotes without any replies, did I miss something in my math or do you just disagree for some unknown reason?
That racism isn't real.
Try and encourage them by offering to do things with them. Maybe "Hey I've been trying to get into some fitness, would you want to do some things with me? Maybe we can go for a hike this weekend?"
Ask politely?
Why breath air?! Animals need the air and breathing takes precious air away from them!!
1:32 pm, that is when robots turn to humans once a day.
They probably like a bit of adrenaline in their life.
Nice try son. I'm never coming back and you'll get your milk from my cold dead hands.
What is the appropriate date to date?
Yum, so tender.
Colorado
Yea, and basically if you don't kill someone you pass.
I mean, I was hit on my bike by a female Asian driver, so yea.
Hey, so we haven't talked in forever, but are you interested in making extra income from home? I've started my own business and I think you'd make a great part of my team.
Not get involved at all. Who knows if that person is armed or dangerous or both. I'm not the store owner, or even an employee, and it's in no way putting anyone in danger, so I'd move on.
Buy bitcoin.
selection bias.
Cars driving themselves. Traffic might be a thing of the past, all those deaths from accidents will mostly go away, and travel time can be utilized to do work, relax, play, or sleep. Game changer.
Luck or vote manipulation
Edit : Thanks for the gold kind stranger
Low education -&gt; leads to fear of lots of things
I read an article that surgeons will actually be replaced before nurses. Nurses have more beside duties and people interaction which is much more difficult for computers than operating a machine to cut ya open.
Humans are scared of everything till they can be educated, so kind of. If you've never met a gay person, and you heard from someone that they will give you the aids or something, that's scary till you learn the actual facts.
Dusting.
Me and a buddy were also neighbors in college. This super cute girl moved in next to him on the other side. She was chatting outside with us one day, and touched his chest in a very kind of, flirty way. Later on he was all "she is super cute, but I'm not sure shes into me" I explained that she is 100% into him. They hooked up the next day.
Obvious troll spam.
Patience. And along those same lines, being calm. So many people come up to me (hotels) and are just in an absolute panic about something insanely minor. So much so I have to basically talk them off the cliff before they can even express their issue to me. Take a deep breath and compose yourself for 30 seconds for god sake.
Anyone CAN change, few do.
Uhm, why would you pick anything besides now?
First, hire an accountant and lawyer as applicable to make sure all taxes are filed, forms filled out etc. Then give the rest to an investment broker to let someone smarter than me invest the remaining million or so after taxes. Granted at 5% this is probably about the same as 50k / year for life, but hey I could make that work.
I'm not trying to bang my friend.
Yes standardized tests are stupid. But it's good practice, no matter your career, you will be asked to do stupid things that you don't see the point in. Being able to do those things, and still do them well, is a valuable skill.
The dog is definitely contributing too. You may just have to dust more. Make sure you have good screens in the house too that will help keep the big chunks out at least.
10k hours.
Cheap, easy to fix, long lasting.
The young songwriters are probably close to that number, and have been doing it since they were very little. 10k is 8 hours a day for like 3 years. When those great songwriters were 15 you know they were doing it at least that much (writing in notebooks, making music, recording with their friends). So it's not crazy to have a great songwriter at 18, when they probably have been doing it in some from from 12 years old on.
Touche, I didn't consider going to the future, which is probably a better answer. I'll take my 20 million dollar self driving RV caravan that takes me wherever I want in luxury with satellite gigabit internet please.
If you just need medical transport but it's not an emergency, you don't want them coming with sirens. It's safer for the ambulance if they can come normal vs going through intersections lights on.
Yes.
It really hasn't. You still can't posses or use it in the work place, you still can't use it at a job where driving is required, and if you have an incident we may drug/alcohol test you to see if you were high/drunk on the job.
Found this outside my gym. I gently removed it from the handle bar in hope they may realize their mistake.
The things money buys
I'm on board.
Hotels - Don't use 3rd party sites unless you truly don't give a shit what kind or quality of room you get. If you are at all picky, book with the hotel direct.
Am I the only one who has never even seen, let alone experienced, someone being a douche or judgmental at the gym? Like I have never seen a buff guy rag on a skinny guy for being skinny at the gym, and I've been to lots of gyms.
From a guest resolution perspective, I'd say 80% of the customers with complaints come from 3rd parties. I get they are a large chunk of revenue, but they also promise the world to guests and let the hotel clean up the mess. "Sure they will upgrade you for free" or "yea they have washers and dryers" pretty much anything to get a sale. And then when the guest is upset they were promised something, they will do next to nothing to fix it leaving us with threats of bad reviews when we never actually spoke with this person or even had a chance to honor the request.
I feel like the answer for anything like this is a foam roller.
No, because it's not. If radio waves were dangerous in any way we would have easily discovered that by now, including long term effects.
I kind of see your point. Although I had an Audi, and I am a great car owner who makes sure every schedule item is done, fluids changed, and problems taken care of not ignored. I was in the shop with my audi monthly, with a huge bill. My 4runner has been to the shop once and it was like 450. My audi I sold at like 100k miles, this 4 runner is about to hit 200k and my repair bill is very small.
I 100 percent agree with her.
Anything that limits reproduction. For example, if all men with blond here were suddenly the only ones to reproduce, that would change our evolution.
It sounds like they are just splitting it into music, tv, movies and will be the same thing where it ties you to buying content from Apple and making it very hard for an average user to buy content from other parts.
I have downloaded movies and stuff on my computer, from lets say third parties, and it's super easy to load them onto my andriod.
Horses were still used for transportation of army supplies quite a bit. IIRC Germany wanted to buy a ton of trucks from the US in exchange for 1 million jewish citizens or something like that because they had truck envy.
Also my s10 still comes with expandable SD slot, it would be a cold day in hell before apple let me expand memory cheaply instead of spending 200$ extra dollars for a 32gb phone instead of 16.
If you are hiking and the hair on your arms/legs starts to stand up, kind of like when you rub a balloon on it, you are about to get struck, or have lightning strike very near by. Get low.
I had a guest who came back to the hotel, and making chit chat, I asked how dinner was. They said awful, and I asked what was so bad (if local restaurants suck I'll send guests elsewhere). They said a waiter spilled a whole ton of melted butter (I think intended for a lobster) all over them. I said that was awful, and asked what the restaurant did. They offered nothing, not to clean the shirt, not to comp a meal or even part of a meal. I called the restaurant manager personally, and got him to pay to at least clean the shirt. Not even an apology.
MLM's
Everything happens for a reason That phrase makes my blood boil.
It's beyond insensitive to say that to someone who lost a loved one, especially a husband/wife.
When I read Atlas Shrugged, there is like a 100 page rant by Galt like 2/3's of the way in. It was very hard to get through, and when I read it in high school probably half of it didn't make sense to me. I was committed at that point though so I trudged it out.
Wow a cool picture in /r/pics, if this is OC my head might explode from surprise and joy.
It's disturbingly effective if it is.
2001: Never forget! 18 years later: fuck em.
Do I throw my master ball at it?
That's a pretty legit clown costume for an 8 year old. My costumes at 8 were flimsy plastic held on by dental floss.
Dude, your brain loves you? I'm pretty sure mine is actively sabotaging me at every turn.
Damn kids and their technology. But hey son, can you come over and set up my router and change the input on my tv so I don't just get static?
Whatever stuff they ate in Hook when peter imagined the food/food fight. Always a dream to eat at that feast from my childhood.
Sandlot voice FOR - EV - ER
I'm pretty sure some people dumped their life saving into collectible beanie babies. Not sure that was a good investment.
Came for the mitch quotes. Here is my favorite I got a belt on that's holding up my pants and my pants have belt loops that hold up my belt. I don't know what's really happening down there. Who is the real hero? Dude was a fucking genius.
Everyone in their thirties thinks this. It's the first time in your life you cant say "well I dont know what I'm doing, but I'm only in my 20s"
Is there some sort of immunity for these people? From the little I know about pleading insanity, the definition is at the time of the crime you didn't know right from wrong. If someone was fucking my kids I'm pretty sure I would pass that test and see only red till he was dead or close.
War never has positives. Even the most clear war with good and bad guys (ww2 imo) was still bad for everyone. I really hope our politicians remember Vietnam, Iraq, and Afghanistan. We will never solve the tension in the middle east with bombs. You cant bomb someone into liking you.
It's almost like a flash of light will pretty much always preceed thunder.
That's a pretty dry questing hub, where are the yellow exclams?!
It would have been better to find another way, and there's always another way. The civil war was the most gruesome, and while it was good to free the slaves, we choose the most bloody path to it.
If I had to guess those pics without your post title, I would have said like 50+ pounds down.
Honestly though, if we buy into a war again shame on us indeed. Fool me once we can blame them (politicans or generals), twice it's our own fault (vote).
I cant put my finger on it (maybe the clean lines?) but it's so satisfying.
Good point. I would request a jury trial. No 12 sane people would ever convict someone in these circumstances.
Oh shit. Well I stand corrected, max trash achieved.
A war with Iran != ww3.
I mean, kiddo isn't wearing a helmet when he crashes. Probably fine, but hey who knows.
It looks like magic.
Is it pretty easy to keep this alive?
Is it weird that i still want to try one?
Props for not using fondant. A beautiful cake that I'd actually eat.
But what if I'm a kid at heart and also stupid?
I visited once, it was so foggy you couldn't see 10 feet in front of you. We took a family photo inside the visitors center next to their big pic of it. Too bad I missed it irl but this seems cool.
"We now remove your legs before boarding and store them in cargo. Also if your legs weigh over 50 lbs combined we will charge you an oversize bag fee. We hope this improves our customer service and experience. Please direct any questions and complaints to the gate agent making 14 dollars and hour with no authority at all."
How does that hair style even work? It seems to defy gravity.
Imagine if there is life there, and what amazing stories are unfolding (or unfolded). I love space it makes me think on a fun level.
Fusion reactors contain the reaction by a giant magnetic field, which takes tons of energy. You also need to compress the reaction to sustain it. This currently takes as much or more energy than the reaction produces. In a bomb, you use a small fission reaction to compress and cause a fusion reaction, but you don't need to contain or sustain it, and you don't have to worry about power production either.
Oh snap, you are so right! Where did you get your psych degree? From /r/iamverysmart probably right? Holy crap thanks for confirming I was totally 100% on point with the niceguy diagnosis.
Glad she confirmed my thoughts ;)
lol, don't force kids to watch shows they don't want to. How about that?
Teaching others is a great way to improve your own skill.
I also hope I win the lottery. It's possible but seems unlikely.
Most people who think they are fun drunk are really just annoying drunk.
You mean the opposite of the current party? I'd be very happy.
Something tells me you are very rude to servers.
The same reason we don't come to your house and use your tap water to put them out.
I think we all take language for granted. It is the reason we have society and anything above caveman status.
When I'm in a bookstore browsing for books. Sure sometimes I go in with reviews and know what I want, or suggestions from someone, but sometimes I just pick what jumps out at me.
No, from your post history youre just an asshole who thinks they are always right.
The same reason all guys copy other guys instead of looking unique.
Like asking which is better, blue or red.
Damn it, so obvious in hindsight. Swing and a miss for me.
And then in a year when something better comes out you are stuck with a 2070 in your xbox and I'll upgrade my PC to the 3070 or something.
2 seconds is enough to know what hand you will be dealt in black jack and bet accordingly. Or enough to see what will happen when you do a spin on a slot, or what the dice will land on in craps.
Because the little button/switch that senses when the door is open and closed is broken.
Try and improve yourself. Maybe start exercising. Get some new clothes. Get a new haircut. Stuff like that. Improving yourself will often help give you confidence.
I would be opposed to that because it's one of the dumbest ideas I have ever heard.
Because I never know what the future will hold.
A large black market for alcohol, just like when it happened the first time.
Logic, basic science, simple experiments, math.
There is always a reason.
Well the jerk store called and their all out of you.
Stop going to war without congress voting on it.
You still go and probably skip and don't pay the bill. Then it affects your credit or you do a payment plan. It's not like they ask for payment up front, you still get treatment if you need it.
Does she need to go to the hospital? That doesn't seem like your legs should go that way.
If animals somehow learn to speak, I'd be impressed no matter what they say.
The us would go from most powerful military to least powerful instantly. I dont think trump could take any world leader currently in office.
What a cool picture. A 4k of this in a frame would look really cool.
I remember playing with polarized filters in science class. Fun stuff.
I feel like I have willpower, and could hold out against some torture. Put me in there for 2 minutes and I'll confess to whatever you want.
An extra 200 calories is like a small bag of chips though. If you eat 1000 less calories that's like running 10 miles. Much easier to not have 3 doughnuts than run 10 miles.
It hit an iceberg.
When you are physically disabled and aren't able to do it. I worked at one in highschool, and it can be fun for all ages IMO.
The bad grammar fallout of Jan 10th 2020 in an /r/askreddit thread.
Hey, this question for the 10000th time. Cool.
I'm paid to be nice while people yell at me. ^^^Hotel ^^^manager.
I did that once, and I've never waved at anyone again.
This one, by a lot. It's so nice to comment and have discussions, even if sometimes they are crazy (but that's like home too).
There are like 3 instances in history where vertical is better than horizontal. This is not one.
She almost has the face of a lab, but those are def not lab ears. Super cute.
Shocking -not me
I've gone an hour without seeing something blood boiling. So much for that streak, that shit is beyond infuriating.
Makes total sense though. Good sign of aggression, shows teeth and the color contrast would be easy to see from far away.
Mine was Basket Case by Green Day. My first CD purchase was dookie.
Oh dear god it's so cool. I fucking love portal and portal 2.
Like 20 comments and only one of y'all could throw and upvote. QQ. Oh well, I'm enjoying all y'alls answers.
How trashy.
Ooo I remembered another. And scooby doo on channel 2. And a naked lady on channel 80.
They start at reception, but I tell the staff if they start yelling to send them to me.
It is a lot of fun though, people love my stories at parties. They gather round like I'm telling stories by a camp fire.
Immerse yourself. Live in a country where it's the main language.
Fast food chains need to have TONS of stock. So it needs to be cheap, and easy to distribute. Some veggies that works for, others it doesn't.
It's a good example of why education is important.
I'm just traveling I'm not driving.
Put one in NY, and one in LA, and charge people to go through. You could make some serious bank on the people that do both coasts every week.
That if you are nice to others, good things will happen to you.
Plot twist, Uncle Jim was just really nice and you liked to play doctor and it was nothing but wholesome time with a beloved family member. I only say that because my Niece LOVES to play doctor and give me shots and "handaids" (bandaids).
Forever.
Dude, have you seen those silverbacks? They could take on like 3 Mike Tysons.
/r/boneappletea
You're well comb.
You can't.
In what base?
They do have nipples.
Get it invested, the only thing I would spend on is if I had existing debt so I would stop paying interest.
Yep!
A very friendly bunch. Very active, most Coloradans love to do outdoor stuff, biking, hiking, rock climbing and things like that are super popular here. We also love beer and whisky.
I've lived in a few cities in Colorado, they are all very similar as far as people/attitude go. Lots of active people who are pretty laid back.
Most people who scam see victims as "deserving" of being scammed.
Because you are remembering it being better in the past than it actually was.
I would never attempt something so crazy.
Yep, One quick link : https://www.hillspet.com/cat-care/nutrition-feeding/is-milk-good-for-cats But there are lots of other sites that explain why it's bad.
They elect representatives who then elect a leader. It's just a different from of democracy.
It's a sequel, remake, or superhero movie.
An auto feeder with a hopper. No more meowing at midnight, no begging for food, so peaceful. I can also leave for a day or two and not worry about who feeds her.
Looks fun, but it's so dangerous. My friend was an ER surgeon, and he said there are two types of motorcyclists. Those that have been in accidents, and those that will be in accidents.
I'll take "why the next generation is abandoning religion in increasing numbers" for 200 alex.
You're a failure and it's your moms fault. Plus I fucked her and she isn't even good in bed.
/r/circlejerk or /r/funny, hard to tell sometimes.
I'm 90% sure she could make this a business for high end homes.
If you're checking the fridge for food multipule times you're usually bored not actually hungry. That's why nothing looks good.
Well that was really fucking cool. And I'm on reddit too much and it's new for me, bonus points (that are fake because I only have one
Yea, but . . .
You don't. You just have to cut them out till they realize it themselves. You can't help someone who doesn't want help.
Because they probably typed it as one and the provider breaks it up into multiple texts.
Coffee.
No, because the energy would not be on the same scale as the big bang.
Because empathy is a thing.
I'll take troll bait questions for 200 alex. Especially on a new account with only 2 questions that are the same.
Being tortured to death over several weeks.
Hey, the troll bait question again. I recommend everyone report this like I did as "loaded question" and get this person banned so we can stop seeing it in the new queue.
When littlefoot's mom dies.
I tried to read Dante's Inferno because it's a classic, but I just didn't like the way it was written at all.
They took a blurry photo.
When I'm watching streams I like to see the player. It's fun to watch reactions and put a face to the voice.
Just work at my current job, I'll hammer that out in a couple months or so.
I give interviews, there are very few reasons that I will accept if you dont show up. If you cant even show up for the interview how reliable will you be? This reason, however, would cause me to hire them almost instantly.
Me initially : genius! After reading comments : I'm so wrong, this idea is awful.
People who do good deeds for others like this are usually great at customer service.
I have the highest customer service scores at my location in the entire company, so I think they work pretty well.
It's not free. Buy one get one is just the same as two at half price. Free is only free if you don't have to spend any money.
5k for an ER visit. I had a kidney stone (didn't know what it was, just horrible pain) and went in and got some pain killers and an ultrasound.
She hasn't aged a day.
I have so many questions. Why is there no other snow on their car? How did they get so far without seeing? Why dont they pull over? There are deciduous trees around with leaves still, is it even winter?
Same people that fall for the "put your phone in the microwave to charge it."
I'm so glad I dont have to clean my asshole with my tounge like most animals.
Yep.
By being asleep.
Those are all definitely capitalism ideas.
With indifference.
A guy's dad was elected governor. He was asked out by like 8 girls the next day and I'm pretty sure before that he had never been on a date.
It's an investment in society, your returns are you are helping everyone.
/r/antimlm These are mutli million dollar companies they prey on the weak
The universe isn't sentient.
Do you get rats? That seems like it would attract rats.
If you think confronting these people would do anything you clearly haven't lived with one.
I tried a confrontation, just made living with them worse. At least posting would give me some kind of sympathy from the public (although I never did). I eventually just moved out and found new roommates.
Yes, sympathy and ego are the same thing /s
I like how he is agreeing with me and you're all "yes totally dude"
Sometimes moving isn't an option (lease) and if confrontation doesn't work what are you supposed to do? Posting it online to get a little fun out of a shitty situation that I did nothing to cause seems like perfectly fair game to me.
You can do your own napkin math. There are about 200 billion stars in the milky way. If only 10% have planets that is 20 billion stars with planets. If only 10% of those have earth like planets, that's 2 billion. If life only occurs on 1% of those that's 20million. And if intelligent life only occurs on 1% of those its 200,000 in our galaxy. There are an estimated one hundred billion galaxies in the universe. You can start to see how it would have to be super unlikely for us to be the only intelligent life.
Lol yea at a funeral when people are giving sympathy it's just because the person's family has a big ego.
The same reason you posting trying to show I'm wrong matters to you.
I'm excited to move onto another word. It's like epic. Epic was cool for a while, then everywhere in everything, now its fading. I hope toxic moves into the fading phase soon.
I'm trying to give examples of sympathy, which your post claimed is the same as saying "give me attention" which it definitely is not.
Yea even 13 is tough. That's what, like 30k pre tax a year? Brutal.
I hear about protests that block traffic and stuff. If you really want to win me to your cause picking up trash after your protest is much more effective.
Don't wait till your 30 to start doing weightlifting workouts. I can't imagine what amazing shape I would be in if I had done the last years workout since I was 16.
The election itself wasn't rigged, it was the false information on social media that was the "rigging," and that isn't stopping any time soon.
"You are going to waste all your money on fake stuff"
Buddhism. It makes sense not to put all your "worth" in material things.
Since heat is motion, and stopping time would presumably freeze all motion (including that of atoms) it would be cold.
Presuming you have lots of money since you live forever, you could just hold blood drives. Lots of people donate to that, and they would have no idea it's for you to eat vs going to a hospital.
I would hire a lawyer and financial advisory, to make sure I pay all taxes correctly, and to set up a stock/bond/money account to make sure that will last me and my family comfortably for pretty much the rest of my life and probably a few more generations.
One of my coworkers does MMA and is like 8 inches taller than me, I think I would not win.
Especially with scotch tape, I don't even have duct tape.
You know only senators vote right? They are the jury for impeachment.
I think the difference is if you pay a prostitute she has to fuck you. If you take a girl out and buy dinner and you bang, she *wants* to fuck you. Big difference imo.
I was like, wait, didn't I just comment on this in the same sub like 5 mins ago https://www.reddit.com/r/KidsAreFuckingStupid/comments/esje8r/babies_come_from_the_per_china Not dejavu
I'm not sure going back inside is going to help.
Nice! So much replayability. If they like watching twitch/youtube gamers there are a ton for mm2, carlsagan42 is probably my favorite, but tons others. **now that I think about it Carl may swear a bit much for that age, I think DGR doesn't cuss though.
All good, you don't seem to be a bot or huge karma whore. Although your number of pewdiepie submissions is alarmingly high ;)
He really is great. And blind.
Yep, Hannah didn't vow till death to us part. Hannah didn't put a ring symbolizing your love. Hannah didn't have a ceremony in front of your friends. Put a sign up of your cheating husband saying he is a scumbag, Hannah was just trying to get laid.
Buy one get one free.
But you are defending hannah "Shame the husband not her" is defending Hannah.
This bird is probably long dead at this point.
Socks with sandals?! Shudders
Yea I'm ok with that.
So while I don't think it's fake, and I really hate trump, this stuff is always blown way out of proportion. It's just like swine flu, bird flu, sars, stuff like that. People think the world is ending when something like this comes up, but it never is.
They probably get a fee or something for that.
No. You aren't always aware you are sick, and if you are sick there is no way to know if it's just a cold or coronavirus.
MLM's
Lots of times improving yourself will help. Get a nice haircut, get to the gym, eat healthy, learn something new, get some nice clothes.
Right now, in ski towns, everyone is using the phrase "Send it" I have been trough lots of ski slang, but for some reason that really annoys me.
The one where all high up officials are really giant lizards in human suits.
I'm guessing they are on the same team and had to go against each other for some reason.
I have nipples Greg, can you milk me?
Its almost impossibly big.
The answer is always proper diet and exercise, it's not magic, and it's not a secret.
Soda, I used to be addicted to mountain dew. I don't drink it ever anymore and it's so much better. I had a sip the other day of someones, and it tasted like pure sugar in water and was way too much.
Reddit, wikipedia.
What an ironic post.
So does a cold.
Obesity
Water I'm good.
So could the flu.
I'm not married and I hate roomates and can afford a place to myself.
Pasta because it's tasty and easy. Boil water, add pasta, add sauce. Meal.
If the bleeding isn't stopping on it's own, or seems very deep.
It would be the end of humanity, as no one would survive to reproduction age.
They don't store as much fat. They need to be fast and light. Big animals that are fairly slow and just graze all day and need to store energy have lots of fat. Fat is tasty.
"Fuck yea, let's do it"
Honestly, any chance a 14 year old gives you to bond and be together, jump on it.
It's not. Or if it is I'd love to see what study or objective info you are using for that.
"I didn't get the answers I wanted so I deleted my post and made a new one" -OP
8 million dollars a year. I'm pretty sure I'd be very comfortable with that.
lol @ Alfa
What is with trashy people and their cigs? It's almost like it hurts them to breathe fresh air. 90% of the pics in this sub are people doing trashy things while smoking cigs. Downvotes. Just to clarify, I'm not saying all cig smokers are trashy. It's like an sat thing. All trashy people smoke cigs, but not all cig smokers are trashy.
I'm pretty sure I'd be more afraid of a fucking 238 pound growling pig.
Incorrect. I'm a local, definitely no one killed. There was a different avalanch than this one that buried a car by abasin, and that one was one that went on the highway hwy6, but that person also lived. It's almost like the designers of i70 realized snow may cause avalanches in the mountains and built chutes for it to go under the highway. Also cdot does avalanch mitigation, and iirc this was actually an intentional slide that went a bit further than they expected.
Dude even uses who/whom correctly. How articulate.
Still couldn't muster the strength to just say "yea you were right" could ya?
Almost impossible.
It's a strange issue, because you can't just tell them facts/statistics or studies. If they understood those things they wouldn't be an anti-vaxxer in the first place. I had an anti-vaxxer link me a study that 'supported them' and the first part of the study said the US has the most safe and effective vaccines in the world and they are still like "nope, they kill everyone that gets one." How do you reason with someone who won't listen to reason? I haven't found a good answer.
Because most of us have the maturity level of a 14 year old. Also, Nice.
To be grammatically correct. A fun way to see if you use who or whom, is the answer. You reply he to who and him to whom. For example: Who broke the lamp? HE did (you wouldn't say him did) To whom are you referring? I'm referring to HIM (you wouldn't say I'm referring to he)
No, in fact they do the opposite and make small issues seem like a huge disaster because that makes for more views/clicks/ratings.
To keep the lesser birds off their crops.
Evolution is basically a selection for reproduction. The animals that reproduce have their genetics carried on, and thus evolution. How would it be possible for the world to revolve around human selection for reproduction?
But they seem stronger than ever. Their support hasn't seemed to waver one little bit.
Incompetence.
Since evolution has to do with restrictions on reproduction, and generally humanity doesn't really have those right now, there is probably very little evolution going on.
You know they sell socks of different length right?
If food murder was a crime, I'd go to jail so fast for this.
I feel like if I killed it I would get an awesome dagger for loot.
Yea, that's the stress leaving. Cant say that stuff at work but I sure can at my video game.
Corona virus started in an unsanitary open market, the Karena virus starts in an office breakroom as pictured here.
At least I dont have to pay. I had to carry a ton of change in Europe once I learned almost every toilet charges for use.
I'd almost prefer this to ones made of plastic. Sure its dumb but when they throw them away at least it will decompose within the next 1000 years or whatever it takes plastic
Every time there is a pic like this, smokers come out of the woodwork like "I'd never!" But some of y'all are def lying. Not saying you are, but let's be real every smoker I have ever known has thrown a butt on the ground at some point, usually when drunk.
Do we fully understand lithium? It certainly seems to react quite a bit with brain chemistry since it is used so much for mood disorders. Any reading on it I can do? Seems interesting.
What. The. FUCK.
Wait, I thought cam girls are basically porn with live chat.
I wonder how many times a day this gets posted.
Damn, she just had a look to her face that was so sexy. Like who even looks like that?! And funny to boot? The world lost a gem with her. Edit - I thought about it. I'm gonna call the look playfully mischievous.
Something funky with these numbers right? Aren't there like 40k deaths per year? How is 26 additional deaths 6%? I feel like there is an answer and I just misread, can anyone clarify?
Happend to me once, I just said give me a shout when you're packed and I'll come back over.
I see, it seems the 6% is just for that week, not a yearly increase of 6%.
No dude, it's hilarious that airlines have no leg room bahahaha. Also security is silly and long right?! Hahaha /s
Something in /r/funny from facebook? Shocking.
I'm with ya, calling them morons and evil just makes them dig in harder. If you show empathy they may just show it back.
I thought this chart from /r/dataisbeautiful shows it pretty well https://www.reddit.com/r/dataisbeautiful/comments/euokq5/oc_coronavirus_in_context_contagiousness_and/
Since the beginning of life.
Definitely not. It's super inappropriate
That's just a few bad apples, most of them are great people. I'm just going to start saying what police say back to them. They always claim these incidents are caused by a few bad apples in the police. Any vandalism or violence is the same but it doesn't seem anyone rushes to the same conclusion of the few bad apples theory when its the protestors. They treat the crowd as one person, but they want their crowd treated as individuals where some are good and bad and the good should receive 0 blame for the bad among them.
When you want that permanent furrowed brow look.
That one does look like a commerce/work vehicle. Isn't that their arguement or something? Personal use is exempt?
Reddit is weirdly obsessed with switch sales numbers. I see it talked about so often, and debated. So odd.
This is so dumb. Guess what in 3 years ill be 3 years older. Zomg I feel so old guize!
Well that looks fun
Strange how lack of education and racism go together.
Pro finance. Don't try and time the market. You won't. Just get in and leave it. Get into things that are varied, don't put all your money in one sector. Don't buy all guns and home security, buy 10% that and 10% energy, 10% Healthcare, 10% transportation, 10% tech, 10% . . . You get it, op doesn't really though.
Snake version of parkour.
I wonder, if in a moment of introspection, these people ever think "if i have to lie at every turn to support my narrative, maybe my narrative is a lie?" I mean, almost certainly they don't, but maybe.
A little off topic, but Disneyland is very strict on wearing costumes into the park for child safety. You can not enter wearing a storm trooper outfit, but you can go and enjoy all the cool star wars stuff!
Haha ahhh I see. Very cool!
It looks my niece made these with play dough.
"People rob banks all the time, why shouldn't I rob banks" Also, a simple google search turned up this article first https://www.cnet.com/personal-finance/is-a-second-stimulus-check-coming-the-update-on-another-round-of-1200-payments/ That says no second check official yet, and depends on how congress votes on the bill in the senate.
I mean, this is almost painfully obvious, but in a country where freedom of religion is so important (supposedly), you can't base politics on religion because all religions have different values.
One has turns, one is in real time.
I'm worried I should call 911 for OP
A common misunderstanding of Miranda rights is that you must be read them when you are arrested, this is incorrect. You only must be read them before questioning. If you are asked questions without being read your rights, those questions can not incriminate you, but does not automatically exonerate you from any charges.
I usually do, but I've been in restrooms that are so gross, the pee on my hands is cleaner than their sink.
I think it is a great example of how people can find a community that believes what they do, and then go on to shut out any and all outside information. There is so much overwhelming evidence for a round earth, but yet in that community they just repeat the same bogus arguments. I think it's one of the follys of modern internet and social media, it allows thinking like that to exist. It's funny to poke fun at when it's a flat earth, it's less funny when it's the president of the US talking about mail in voter fraud that doesn't exist.
Naw, they would just charge the same price for the bottom as the bottom/top combo. Very little of the price you pay is for the materials, most is for the name/style/marketing.
Shouldn't it be upside down (since he healed the Bible upside down in that photo op)?
Can I vote for you?
Excluding some extreme fetish stuff, why would anyone want to be property?
So I played these games as a kid. Im 99% sure when I say "advanced power" with an accent I'm quoting red alert, but its been so long I don't even know. Looks like ill have to purchase this for my weekend and check :) Another one I say is af af af af afirmitive, like when you would keep clicking on a tank over and over.
I mean, I saw a video of a white couple drive by cops, then the next car full of black people be stopped and dragged from their car and tazed. So it doesn't seem like all lives are being singled out, but it sure seems like black lives are being singled out.
I've encounter lots of police, but because I'm white I get off with a warning and a 'boys will be boys' If you think black Americans don't have it tougher, you are ignoring the statistics.
So far in 2020, 172 whites have been shot, and 88 black people. However, white people account for 72% of the population, while black is only 12%. I can spell that out more clearly if you want.
At what point do we just round it and call it one million? 1.0358264 million people marched today.
I don't know whats more infurating, the vandalizing and destruction of property, or the bull shit excuse they gave. I actually think the excuse/attempted justification makes me more angry.
I don't believe for a hot second this isn't an elaborate setup that took lots of training of the dog and many attempts at filming.
I've enjoyed mining your precious salt. It goes well with my morning coffee.
I'm very relaxed with my coffee full of your delicious salt.
Lol, when your neighbors clap as a group like that as you are arrested, maybe its time to rethink your choices. Something tells me it isn't fun living next to jellybelly.
Because they aren't normal people, they are extreme narcissists.
Id recommend you be careful going out in sunlight, you might melt.
Is that Hank and Steve?
Why should voting be easy? Its not like thats the whole point of the united states. No no, we need very strict voter id requirements, voters registration purges, and a crackdown on mail ballots which are clearly ripe with fraud that I can't prove or provide any evidence of.
Bernie : "I know he isn't the best, but for fuck sake please vote this November, dont use his sleepiness as a reason to not vote"
Meat cheese bacon, all fried up. Could sell these at most state fairs in the US and clean up.
Had a friend in college who could do this. He would go to a party, beat everyone instantly at any chugging or drinking game, be passed out by 930, up and puking by 1030, then winning another round of drinking games by midnight.
I love biking. I fucking hate flat tires and changing them. It's such a pain in the ass, not really, but I still hate it.
The 1/3 doesn't look like it would go in the half, i guess it might. Still they wouldn't nest neatly. I think this is solving a problem that doesn't exist.
/r/neckbeardnests can tell you about it
Get that shit framed.
So cool man, I think its awesome it gives you inspiration. Worth the bit of wear.
Not just real, lots of content. If I need motivation to pick up a bit, just browse for a few.
You misspelled awesome
So true. My nephew gave me a 10 minute speech about the light bulb outside his bedroom. Dudes passionate.
This lady was def not poor or homeless, she was on her way to a local classical music concert.
I remember something similar when Ed McCaffrey was playing for Denver and broke his leg in the end zone. I couldn't watch the video.
If thats not smoke or vape exhale ill eat my hat.
I forget in some places weed is hard or annoying to get. I live in Colorado and the weed store I go to is reminiscent of an apple store, and even has call ahead and pickup options.
If everyone who claimed they don't vote because it doesn't count, voted, it could easily sway an election.
"What good are protests?" Well I've seen more policy change in a month than in 5 years.
I wonder how old this is to be throwing out blackberry jokes.
I mean, that officer should be arrested for stalking right? That's fucking crazy. I would be beyond livid.
I wonder if there is a market for this kind of thing. Like how misprints in currency can be valuable.
Where is the yes?
Does he load 5 shells with that loading maneuver? It looks like only 2, but could just be the way he is holding it.
My sister tried that long before fortnite.
Well thats a pretty good answer haha! How creative.
On the ballot in November.
Hey look, another vapid useless lpt. Next up "make sure to be open minded" and "think positive!"
The ones who couldn't scratch their ass grew so frustrated they eventually kill themselves, thus selecting for better ass scratching.
Or wait, do we finally get to put back up the mission accomplished banner for the Iraq War? I'm pretty sure our troop are still there, does that mean we've won?
Sure, you don't even need an original title.
So brave.
Describe heaven Links to this pic.
I'm surprised they were able to get the video off the phone. Is that possible or is this kid a genius, edited in the little fade to green, and made himself a funny video?
Oh its almost certian they exist. Its also certain they have not visited earth.
You should calculate how much less you would bend spacetime now that your mass is less.
I mean, corn is fairly sweet, id still eat it. Then again, I eat lots of questionable things.
I bet they were amazing at those tangram things as a kid.
This is so old I'm pretty sure this kid has their own children at this point.
My bad, I was remembering this one https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=uDR9biHXyvM
I mean, it is faster.
Please modgod, yes. Edit, voted. Sad that NSFW weekends is losing :(
I guess I thought there would be more rumbling sounds and stuff, I guess that's just Hollywood earthquakes. It seems so calm.
For an er situation this won't help. For a non emergency mri, xray, or other basic tests this could be very helpful.
I dont think we are short on immigrants.
Interesting stuff! I've never been in an earthquake so I have no idea what happens. I wonder why its quiet in this one?
Cutting hair seems so easy, but is actually very hard. Just some sissors right? Yea good luck.
As a non sports person, i don't really understand why anyone cares what is played before a game, or why any song is played before at all. We don't do it for other events, its not like I go to a comedy show and they play the anthem. Its not like before a dance performance they play anything. I go to the movies, and nothing is played. What about sports requires a song intro?
Mmm, thats some good crappy.
I was glad to read part of the actions taken will be to review their previous cases. You 100% know there are some innocent people locked up because of this bigoted pos.
I mean, I know taste is subjective and all, but if you don't like a good oatmeal rain cookie you are inarguably wrong.
When I graduated college I did my own thing. I skipped the ceremony and went around campus taking pics in my favorite hangouts. I always thought the ceremonies were stuffy and pointless.
And nothing about this says it was tik tok, she could be recording for instagram, Facebook, or whatever. I feel like tik tok, the "gather your personal information" platform is being pushed so hard at every turn. Edit: Me, hates on tik tok and calls it a personal information gathering platform, and questions why its even mentioned in the title. Downvotes The poster below me saying its a bad app that collects personal information. Upvotes. Reddit sometimes I get you, sometimes I don't.
Lol, there is no way the cat understands that the pictures on that monitor are her kittens. I've been there for ultrasounds and I could hardley tell it was a baby, let alone the advacned thinking required to understand that's a picture of your insides. Most likely the cat is stuck there and sees some movement which drew her interest. Hope the kittens are all good to go though!
Like any satire, for the lols.
Yea, thats what I was saying, like why is tik tok even in the title of this post if not for more brand awareness? I feel like its being shoved down my throat.
This comment above with upvotes seems to think she can &gt;Aww c'mon she even looks at the camera then back at the monitor ❤❤❤
Thank God they have the alternate handicap handle for the penis sanitizer dispenser.
And it also means just because you are poor you can still reproduce. If anything, being poor favors reproduction because you can't afford birth control and are less likely to have access to proper sex ed.
Gramps fashion putting me to shame, look at the matching shoes and hats too. Pretty fly for a white guy
If you think you are the best, its not arrogance if you actually are the best right?
Yea I get nervous behind pickups with shit in the back not strapped down, let alone a box truck with the whol back open. Shit seems super dangerous, ill keep my distance.
Wow, fetch seems like such a universal game of even whales will fetch.
Accounts with karma are less likely to be banned for spam, and low karma accounts are often unable to post on many subs. These bots build up karma so they can spam adverts and stuff around later. It doesn't take time, its an automated thing. Search posts, top, copy the content and title, post in sub, karma.
So your mind is blown by optical illusions to the point you would call it black magic and you have no idea how they work?
So a car would be a good post on this sub? They would burn me as a witch if I showed them a car. A phone would make a good post on this sub? They would burn me for that too.
