Become a radiologist/cardiologist/ophthalmologist
I NEED a video of this
Been sleeping on a futon for last 7 years. Would love to have a bed!
Are we seriously going to judge players because they post pics of their kids on Instagram? Get a grip guys, this has nothing to do with his performance
What’s wrong with you
Bye guys.
Thanks Stubbs
Hate my life
He is an opener after all, 5D chess by India
For a “solid” player, Pujara gets bowled FAR too often. This is another prime example of gap between bat and Pad
We are the most consistent team in the world
NAYthon LYYYYon
Pujara is the least aesthetically pleasing indian batsman I have seen in my lifetime
It’s a right of passage
Boys showing a lot of INTENT
Nice slider from Lyon
Ajinkya “Number 4” Rahane
Are you really surprised?
Honestly what was that drive. Absolutely pathetic.
Sigh can’t argue with that
Every time w wicket falls I turn it off in disgust. Then ruefully turn it back on. I’m like a full on addict who knows it’s better not to partake... it’s almost like I hate myself
Rohit looking THICCCCCCCC
We need 6x6 from Brohit
Played BC
Border Gavaskar always 4
I’m 25
SIXERRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRR that will bring the run rate up right before the Cycle Agarpathi strategic time out
I like KL:( but needs to go soon and get some confidence back
All 4 wickets wide flashy drives 10-12 inches outside off
Ashwin: a respectable 29
You got wooshed
He changed it in one ball with that 6er
can’t wait to see how Steve Smith does this series
Just youth.
Why am I still watching this
Pujara might be saying that. But I think Pant is a player that just sees ball and hit ball
Tbh Aussies May have cracked a code by playing Tim Paine’s Nice Guy XI. Indians, and Kohli in particular, need a villain. That’s why we always raise our game vs Aussies. They’ve actually been too nice and smiley today. Gimme a lil racism lads
I want Pant to be an opener
Make IndianCricket Great Again
Bit of both. But there is no reason for us to be 140/6 today. ALL wickets, maybe except Pant’s, were GIFTED away to Australia. So frustrating. If our openers saw off the new ball, the kookaburra stops swinging at like 20 overs. It’s a fucking road in a hot day and they’re playing 4 bowlers. There’s absolutely no reason we shouldn’t be looking at 450 with the lineup assembled
BCCI to grow some balls against Dictator Kohli
Dilshan a hugely underrated utility player. Kept wickets in ODIs and tests too iirc, fantastic fielder. a MORE THAN handy spin bowler, opened the batting, and played the finishers role too Really a good personification of Sri Lanka cricket in general during the golden period of 00-15 or so
Wonder if we will ever get a South African of South Asian origin play for Ind/Pak/Ban
In SA also
Out behenchodes
Big shot
Give wicket
Watched a bit of the second session - Lyon was bowling beautifully yesterday. Amazing accuracy, flight, and guile. Australia’s greatest offspinner ever
No one will bat an eye
It’s the minimum I feel.
Sunday morning in Adelaide, people might be at church?
Imagine if no DRS
This is one of the funniest memes on rcricket
Not unpopular around here
The antithesis to Che
Wish Pant was there for at least 15 more min. That was a bit of an unnecessary stroke
Seems fine to me, last recognized pair, let them score
Anyone watching on willow, this ad gives me cancer
I’m not THAT comfortable with this lead. 250-5 to this....
Warne needs to chill a lil
First time I’ve actually seen camo work
Even health granola bars are straight up candy bars with their macro profile
Just wish it took less time
Pant is barely above 15 tbf :P
Aussies playing NiceGuy TM cricket tho
Aussies can’t get enough of the King
We gonna lose lol
Remember our tail got out 4/4
Indians fucking suck bowling to tail man
IMO Ishant is the worst option against 10 and 11
After 25 man, post 9pm is late
Shes very pretty
Glad Ashwin got the last wicket. 6 wickets in the test!
This sub hates the guy, they can fuck off
Agreed. Stage was set for him both times to really stamp his authority but he failed to do so
Please transcribe what bewda saying. Willow telecast is over
Puji
What did he say??
Kohli was an absolute monster
This is beautiful OP
Didn’t know Dinesh Karthik was such a prominent bowler
I am going to put my hand up and say I was wrong about Jasprit Bumrah. I always knew he was a quality bowler in LOIs, but I didn’t think he would be able to replicate his success in Test match cricket. In fact, I even thought he shouldn’t play tests, and be used exclusively in limited overs as to not get injured before world cups etc. Boy, was I wrong. He is our best fast bowler since prime Zaheer for sure. What a bowler man.
I’m tempted to play Jadeja in place of Rohit. Ashwin to bar at 6.
650/1 confirmed
Re read what i said. Best since prime zaheer. I saw Srinath right through the late 90s and early 00s, he was brilliant. But Bumrah’s fitness, accuracy, pace, and cricket IQ have him on track to be a better bowler than Srinath IMO
Not in the USA at least
Lol and this was their ”transition” team after McGrath and Warne’s retirement (although Warne hadn’t played ODIs for a few years before this)
Almost did IR. Last resort for both medicine and surgery - aka incredibly complex patients. Radiation risks is not insignificant. Surgical hours, but almost without the satisfaction (patient doesn’t really know who you are, although this is changing with the recent moves). Too much turf war. It’s a really cool field, though
For a few years now
Don’t wear no 350s round me (No Stylin’)
Can anyone explain what this means
Won’t hear anytthing from r/cricket trolls for next 5 days
What Kohli did beautifully in adelaide was cut off boundaries, forcing these inexperienced batsmen to go for expansive drives and get out in the process. Need to go back to that
Yeah. It was way better in adelaide 6pm start time!
My waistline
Kohli enjoying a nice cup of coffee ☕️
KoK sucks
Have Aussie commentators gushed over a visiting player more than they have for Virat this tour?
Karn Sharma
Yo any stats wizards wanna gimme Kohlis batting average after he gets to 30*
We also need Ashwin or Jadeja batting at 8. Tail too long!
I love you Guru Gary.
Prayer hands
Eh, it’s used often enough as prayer hands
Delly in that uni 😫😩😫😩😫😩😫😩
Vihari looking solid
Kohli gushing full flow in the combox
Exposing Umesh with 4 balls to play mitch
Misread the pitch tremendously
That’s what i thought
In the US, this is done with Baseball. It’s considered a slow and boring sport by the general public, but still people love to go because there are carnival games, good food, drink, etc
Sorry RahulGill
The Old Guard except Warne we’re always highly critical of him. Things only changed around the Hughes tragedy
Yeah, as much as I like him, he’s done for India. Parthiv and Mayank in next test? How about SD? Rohit Sharma? Pujara to open? Literally cannot be worse than our current combo rn
Don’t worry, it might be a debutant and Parthiv Patel 😁 Regardless of who it is, I am going to be backing them to the fullest. If it is Sharma, hope he capitalizes with a big score
A certain KL did the same 4 years ago
It gives us a good option. Pace bowling allrouder in Aus is a no brainer to have in the squad
Before tea
Upgrade?
We win with this XI
And Jayant Yadav for parts
How about MIP?
He was always super underwhelming for the price he received. Especially for RCB
When you buy a condo you don’t actually own the land I think
Cash Considerations seething rn
He literally lives there, could drive up on match day
No Mitch marsh in the Indian team, more the merrier ;)
I prefer death by tuk tuk any day to INTENT
STRANGLEDDOWNLEG.exe
See: Laxman early in his career
Wtf, southee is batting already?!
Damn, just threw Warner under the bus more
You gotta throw one of them up on that big screen my guy
What did Smith say?
You’re the first, congrats 🍾
Hazlewood
R/cricket sponsorship
I bet Aussie commentators would’ve absolutely loved watching Shaw, the Sachin comparisons would be off the charts. He would’ve ton’d up on a pitch like this for sure. Guess we will have to wait 4 more years or so :(
💦💦💦💦
Not sure if Aussie batters are good for 500 tbh.
He isn’t able to contain it as well
There is actually nothing better for me than being able to watch every ball of a competitive test match. Imagine all the other things in life you have to have going for you to do that - no work or school stress, nothing to do but relax and do some armchair analysis with friends and family
Cuz its a bloody test match
Tfw it’s 159/2 and Kohli, Jinx, Rohit, Pant, and Jadeja are still to bat on a flat hot day at the MCG
I wish we had Ashwin playing
Tfw it’s 159/2 and Kohli, Jinx, Rohit, Pant, and Jadeja are still to bat on a flat hot day at the MCG
Sharma ji ka beta might come next
Yeah, I thought it didn’t hit hard enough as a reply 😕
Nah ChePu always becomes more aggressive as his innings progresses
chitting!!!!!1111
My uncle’s in laws
Dude he showed me the kids and then the original music video of the song. I kept trying to be like “nice” and give it back and he pointed stuff out
NEPHEW
I wonder if cricket players get that 3pm lull like the rest of us that work regular 8-5s
What he say
You gotta say that’s a catch that should be taken
Not tryna diss. It’s impossible to find interest in the game when you lose the Toss and opponents are getting stuck in. I’m showing empathy mate
Up tick for sure
RON
Ethical? ✔️✔️✔️✔️✔️✔️✔️✔️✔️🔝🔝🔝🔝🔝🔝🔝
Pujara typically accelerated after 100 🤞🏽
I’m all for Ashwin and Jadeja together. Unsure on Ash’s fitness tho
Kapil, or Laxman depending on team combination
How many tours did Sachin have? Like 5?
Kohli to ton up or get out within 10 overs of the second session
“I’m the best in the world”
He was 23(23) at one point
What’s better, BatDeep or BatLONG
We’ve been so spoiled lately I don’t remember the last boring draw. If there have been draws they are exciting, and more often than not we get results
Should have the option of either taking a new ball or having the batsmen play without pads or a helmet
Yeah, my point still stands tho
Holy shit, get off this forum w that attitude
I read this as “I can give head”
What did he say
Australia haven’t lost a Boxing Day Test in 10 years. They’ve only lost two since 1996.
Same. I want a real Kohli v Smith battle
Turns out it was awake the whole time. Slow batting by India was not just for fun
JASPRIIIIITT MY BOY
If Paine gets to 50 Kohli will give him an RCB contract
Tbh I’ve always wanted him to bat up high for India, at least in ODIs
Cheap for Indian standards
Still can’t believe we didn’t play a spinner in Perth
India are crushing Australia in a Boxing Day Test. What a time to be alive.
Scenes when Archie flicks Bumrah Yorker over midwicket for six
No wicket in a few overs, pack it up boys it’s looking like a draw
Finch, Harris, khawaja, smash, Head, Mmarsh, Paine, Cummins, Hazlewood, Lyon. Starc
At some point I wonder if it’s a concentration issue for Pant. Too much talk behind the stumps?
Shades of Rob Quiney
Craziest performance I can remember
there is always added pressure of playing India because of potential for IPL riches if they do well. I wonder if this plays on some cricketers minds
We might be paying him more. There may also be some non competes still in effect from Ch7
Ponting meant this second Pujara innings would cost us the game, not the first
Pujara probably wants to prove he can play an agrressive innings when he wants. Remember that innings in Bangalore (I think) v Aus early in his career when he batted above Dravid and hit 70 odd in quick time to win the game
Love it
Do you really want to risk Bumrah copping one on his bowling arm etc to put on pointless runs
Back in India and watching Sony stream. How many things is SRK still selling smh. At least 3 different products And i swear Hema Malini has been trying to sell me that same Kent water purifier for 20 years
Bout to do the same
Match ends today lads
CEAT tires my bet
I pledge 10$
Sometimes I wish we had subs in test cricket. Would’ve loved to see Kooldeep or Ash on this Day 5 track
Reverse kallis
Nah not on this wicket, injuries are a real possibility and your bowlers are your match winners. Tbh they should never bat unless absolutely required
tbh apart from being slightly annoyed because of lack of iMessage, I really don’t see anyone buying iPhones to “flex” on Android people. It’s 2018, almost everyone has a smartphone, almost every household has an iPhone, it’s nothing special and isn’t really a status symbol. Correct me if I’m wrong and it’s different in your social circles
Ashwin at 6 lends ideal balance to the team IMO.
Eng would take Pant, make a team of explosive WKBs
You need the sex appeal
This is clean, might cop
I think Kapil Dev does have an interesting love story iirc. Read about it in his book
Hit 3 sixes in a row in his last IPL match, iirc. Got out on the boundary going for a Broad
A good test match is the perfect background score for life. It’s on perpetually as you go about your day, occasionally checking the score, tuning in when you can. I’m based in America, and because of our time zone I can usually watch 1-2 sessions if not the whole days play depending on where the match is played. For example, Australia tests start in the evening, whereas England tests Im usually up after the lunch break. WI tests probs the most inconvenient (in my own time zone lol). That’s why I think day/night tests are imperative. We need it to be in that post-work time slot,
His friend is LeBron
a WOW
What, did they send 1 person? I was at the game and saw literally 3 SA fans, if that lol
What’s done is done
WOW this is BS
Tough to blame Warner. India were also around 100/1 after 20, I believe Aus were 92/1 so not too far behind
MS is still there....my youth is clinging on with its fingertips
Were you around for pre Kaif/Yuvraj Indian fielding?!
It’s probs cuz he doesn’t want his identity out in public on his reddit account. I get it
Really surprised people are saying Rohit. Dude is the slowest starter we have
This felt like episode 7 of GOT tbh
DK: what the fuck?
I saw them for sale at the actual game in The Oval. They were expensive though, around 40 pounds
Rain has been a blemish, but the wickets were mad flat in the last WC and the fielding restrictions were a joke
I didn’t see the caps (or official on field jerseys) available for sale at the merchandise stall I went to. They may have been available elsewhere in the stadium. They were only selling CWC merch at the stall that I went to
just got back from the first two matches (v SA and v Aus). Incredible experience. India has never lost to Pakistan in the World Cup, I think that trend will continue. Go the Blues!
Now we need details
Beauty!!!
He sucks
Enjoy watching amir
get him out of here
He’s a good bowler but he seems like a bit of an idiot.
Hasan Ali blows
6!
Man I would hate to play under Sarfaraz. Seems like a total annoying ass uncle
Brohit is here to play boys
Imad looks like a stereotypical subcontinent player from Ashes Cricket
I love aggressive Rohit
Sometimes I feel like Pakistani commentators support india more than Pakistan
I love the indian cricket team bhenchodes. And I love India.
Because they fucking suck lmao
Bro I’m an American I don’t even need to imagine. Even Indian Americans actively shit on it
I love the guy man
Pakad
LOL
No one: Absolutely no one: Not a soul: Mickey Arthur: “Indian top order is susceptible”
Sarfaraz, shut the fuck up
Aussie openers killing it
HAHAHAHAHHAHA gold
That’s wrong
“Sarfaraz has got lots on his plate” Maybe that’s part of the problem lads
Sarfaraz slimming spanx are about to unravel any minute
HITMAN!!! Shades of Sachin v Akthar 2003!!!
Hahaha... what an idiot.... 🤨
ThAt WaTsOn SpElL
You out here doing better?
Rohit is already having an ALL TIME GREAT World Cup
Kohli? 2?
Inshallah ;)
10 an over from here please
Eats a biscuit every time he gets a century
That baby was being shaken too much. No good.
Pak fans, do you guys really like Sarfaraz?
2 SOFT dismissals so far for india
Pandya = Grim Reaper
“Will be closely following him with his groin”
Will probably need to wait
Getting some cheap overs in, love it
Bring kedar on
Surprised it hasn’t, maybe not enough upvotes for the thread
He’s a shit captain, that’s why
Team for Afg: 1. Rohit Sharma 2. KL Rahul 3. Virat Kohli 4. Vijay Shankar 5. Dinesh Karthik (wk) 6. Kedar Jadhav 7. Ravindra Jadeja 8. Kuldeep Yadav 9. Yuzi Chahal 10. Mohommad Shami 11. Jasprit Bumrah Maybe even Dhoni in for Bumrah if we wanna rest him
Agreed. He was OK tho
Agree. I haven’t been anti Rohit for the last 4-5 years or so, but the inconsistency was a frustration of mine. Especially because he is so clearly gifted
Kane does have Bran vibes
A lot of interesting trivia is going to come out as a result of every team getting t20i status
Did you say el em ay oh or “lmaaaow”
Speaking of IPL, Rabada was a gun as well for DD. Sad how things have turned out
Would be a good first start
I think I’m going to try to make the trip up from Michigan
You just kinda blew my mind
“All that for a drop of blood?” Team India to Afghanistan, Southampton 2019
50,000 on my head it’s disrespect
Sensible, but hoped to see them in Miami.
Can’t believe we didn’t beat SA in the test series tbh.
Don’t know why I’m rooting for the Aussies, these guys have won enough world cups!
Finch has been a walking wicket for the past year to 18months, and now he’s like a fusion of Kohli and Tendulkar. Wtf?
He made it look like a joke. I would’ve fucked that up hardcore
Totally take out of context, wow journalism is a JOKE
Moeen routinely fucks us over
wasn't the old GSW owner the current kings owner (Vivek)
keep going shakib, I’m close
I think birthright citizenship is a thing in most western countries. Don’t quote me though.
Fuck yea
S/R above 90
Not gonna disagree with you tbh.
Idk. These are two wildly different innings. Is it ok to be 20(40) if you end up with 55(60) or so?
Some of these names are a true testament to how long Gayle has been around
Do these late generation Indo-West Indians count themselves as part of the south Asian diaspora?
And everyone was shitting on our batting...
edgy hipster 14 year old cricket fans
So Shami over Bhuvi for the rest of the tournament then?
We didn’t lose tho Bro go check the points table.
Where can I buy this?
Everything going right for Pak after that India loss. Damn, should I root for England against us?! Just kidding. Just don’t want another Ind v Pak encounter tbh, it’s too emotionally draining
Idk. CT trophy ptsd is alive and kicking
Ideal situation for India is if Bangladesh sneaks into the top 4. Come on Bangbros
Thigh slap after umpire’s call on review
Enjoy it, it’s much more fun to be on this side of Rohit, Kohli, and Bumrah!
Tbh, his career has really transformed over the last two years or so (after being coached by Nayar). He has had opportunities to showcase this in T20, but not necessarily ODI cricket. At this stage of his career, he’s an excellent finisher and more than anything is very experienced. The pressure of the situation is unlikely to get to him.
Wholesome af.
Don’t know cap sitch but Cleveland would be funny. There was so much drama about his trade when LeBron was coming back
These guys are knocking our teeth in
Looks like it’s GG to the rest of the SC squad
In all my years of watching cricket I haven’t seen anything like this
FUCK
Nope
Kohli is out of it this World Cup.
They exploded in the first 25 really. We did well to pull them back I reckon
In the IPL, totally possible to get 13-14 an over for these guys because you can target domestic bowlers. Much tougher to do it against 4 quality international bowlers
Spartan has been sued by Dhoni and Sachin. They haven’t been paid crores of rupees they are owed
This game is over
Quantum of loss
Dame 196 million Dollas
My buddy got a 100k signing bonus from Facebook as a slightly above average coder from college. 225 mil for a guy like KD seems like a good deal
He had a good game today, that opening spell sucked the life out of our response
Unexpected Office
In 2020/21
SRT made it rain even in this decade. Don’t forget second most runs in the World Cup in 2011. Legend.
That’s the year he was basically the entirety of the Indian batting lineup during the England tour. Just batted and batted while we all crumbled around him.
He’s there
Will be interesting to see how we think of the 100 in 2029. IPL stats and performances are now popping up in terms of legacy conversations. Let’s see....
Fuck this. Tbh more than the BCCI the ECB are the real villains of world cricket
Radiology community is bullish about AI and is optimistic about the future. RSNA has prominently featured AI/ML in recent years. I think AI can help in synthesizing/presenting patient history data, flagging critical studies in the list, and maybe taking care of more mundane tasks such as counting nodes and measurements etc. Radiology will evolve to incorporate AI into the workflow but a good radiologist can not be replaced by an algorithm IMO.
India bowling is nothing to sneeze at right now. Bumrah, Shami, Ishant, Bhuvi can go hard to head against anybody
Why is it stupid? Just want to hear your reasoning.
Chugging beers before the press conference. Would be better than 99% of current world leaders
That was beautiful. Don’t want to think back too much about this test match though 😅
He lived in LA from what I know
Y’all need to expand number of internationals in the side
That’s the point homie
Goodbye.
I wonder what my status would be. Born in India but US passport. OCI cardholder though, which isn’t official citizenship. Not that I would ever have to worry about this, but just in case India need a 26 year old left hand batsman sometime soon....
Good to see that Jackson is still spending time on the pitch
Jamie Anderson
Get ready for AB wearing India blues in 2023 🇮🇳 🇮🇳
You guys got em too?
Bro the World Cup win was totally worth the 0-8 hangover in England and Australia. Which is what kinda baffles me about England being disappointed about 2-2 ashes “loss”.... just ride the WC high for as long as possible
It’s a meme at this point
Ian smith sounds depressed
if its inconclusive benefit should go to the batsman
damn she fine
&gt;pickles.com.au imagine the ladies you'll get while wearing it to the office
no. Faf and AB maybe.
Congrats Ross Taylor. Legend.
hes at the top
He’s got part ownership in the Royals.
Dinesh Karthik still going strong...
WEST PHILADELPHIA BORN AND RAISED
They should have played a spinner.
teams tend to just collapse on day 5.
Damn 10,000+ runs in FC cricket with 32 hundreds at an average of 46. What took SA so long?
Lmfao
Me too
Gang gang
He looked like he was filled with a flash of rage. Needs to check himself. There is a difference between sledging and having a mental meltdown and abusing the opposition
He’s a fucking adult. This kind of rage fit is pathetic imo
I was listening to an Aussie podcast. They brought up this point, kind of tongue in cheek, but basically said that NZ are too nice to win in Australia. Teams that win there tend to bite back, that really seems to get under their skin more than anything else
The Grade Cricketer
RCB gonna be good maybe
Boomer mentality is the same whether here or India. Just watch Fox News v R TV. I am an Indian too man.
kp wasn’t banned he was just dropped
Only dude who showed up for NZ
Never even played in the BBL
Listened to take care yesterday again. So fucking good. Practice, Shot for Me, Take Care, Headlines, Crew Love.... list goes on. Bangers only
Omg
Banging Serbian model/item girl = alpha af Putting a ring on said girl = beta as shit
Is there really space in the calendar for a fourth format
I think back injury
Rcb boys flyin high
They might use an adjacent wicket
msd is still active. Yuvraj would be a good choice
It is exaggerated and no
😭😢😭
Just as important of a stat as runs scored imo
Except when you really need an X factor performance with the bat and field like he provides. He’s such a good package.
Dude. No.
Centuries cure all See warner after punching a future test captain, Warner and smith for sandpaper, Stokes getting into a street fight, etc
He has real work to do, aka shape the future of Indian cricket
He also bowled three overs for god knows what reason. I was at the stadium so idk if they mentioned that on air
Just swing and swing hard for like an average of 20 balls an innings. Field at slip in t20s or some other place that requires minimal movement. Fly first class to exotic destinations and rest easy in 5 star accommodations. Sign me up. Right after that give me a commentary gig so I can keep the gravy train moving. Though I do not see Gayle as a commentator.
That lineup looks like the cricket version of awkward pre teen ugly phase. Look back and wonder wtf Is going on and be thankful for the glow up
Amitabh Bachchan de Villiers
This made me sad for some reason
Yea
Ok. I am not convinced this is a professional cricketer. This is a random white dude who got on a plane to Bangladesh and is pulling off a crazy prank convincing others he’s a cricketer. I can totally see someone pulling this off tbh
*Cries in CWC semi final*
Comeback season.
I’m sorry, do NZ under 19 help keep the lights on at the ICC?
Good to see these four minnow sides get a chance in the limelight. Best of luck to them!
South Africa’s top players prefer the quota system in the IPL to the one in their own country
Damn you beat me to it
He is in a way
He’s dislocated his shoulder there. Anterior dislocation.
Looked like his shoulder popped out
Why is Chahal our sub fielder lmao Look at me, I am Manish Pandey now
Not sure if Agar is good enough to bat at 7
Santa Clause
Tons of Aussie pubs that advertise the cricket
PJay would fit in well in today’s era. It has been the resurgence of the pure wicket keeper with Paine, Saha, etc
That doesn’t make sense just make him keep in that case
I’ve always been a massive Rahul fan. He also seems to have the backing of the management despite his at times hit/miss form. I think he has potential to make Rohit Sharma-esque returns on investment
Yes kind of a silly question.
True. But it won’t happen overnight. Women’s cricket will need to be subsidized by the men’s game for the foreseeable future. It must be an attractive career option for young girls, money needs to be funneled into development, and professional structures need to be set in place. A cultural shift which views women athletes on an equal level to the men’s side also needs to happen. Ideally it will be like women’s tennis. I think it’s getting better for sure. I admire Australia and England. Btw this is not just a social justice warrior thing either. There is money to be made hand over fist in the future. Half the world is women and they have a lot of purchasing power and are rapidly becoming independent in places like India too.
You are deluded if you think that having strong positive female role models for girls is irrelevant.
That’s fine. Spirit fills the market need for you and people like you. Honestly the comfort is only part of it, I am weary of reliability with frequent delays and cancellations. I avoid spirit when I can. Domestic travel in most American airline companies sucks though. Only marginally better than spirit
Doesn’t age. Looks the same! I gotta get on his diet and fitness regimen
India chases down 200 in 19 overs but couldn’t do 240 in 50 😭
All pace attack is just no fun tbh
Yeah it makes sense because those dudes are just douchebags, not all of England or the England cricket team I met hales and he was pretty nice to me to be fair.
That other guy did use the hashtag “Aussie shit” so I have no sympathy in this case.
Anyone else feel like this sub has become increasingly hostile? It used to be a pretty chill place to joke around but it is quickly devolving to become similar to other places on the internet. Lots of hive mind, herd mentality, shots based on your flair, personal insults. Kind of sad to see. Maybe its just me tho
Q U I C K
RTD still killing it
1200 really is plenty
Why did he send it to you?
CA owns all BBL teams, right? Who manages them?
Coolest dude in world cricket?
That’s rough for CSA. For the interest of the game, the ICC, CSA, and ECB need to come to a solution for this issue. I am all for immigration, players securing their future financially, making the best decisions for themselves etc. but I feel like when it comes to World Cups and marquee Test Championship matches, the best players should represent their country. I am by no means a soccer/football fan at all. But it wouldn’t be that fun if Ronaldo couldn’t play for Portugal because he plays for Juventus, right?
Mumbai Indians and CSK were supposed to come to the states I think, didn’t end up happening. Dubai and South African legs of IPL were cool to see too. But nothing tops IPL in India
Lol my gym when I forget my headphones I run longer on these days for some reason
Giannis is big market
You’re overthinking this. If you eat less than you burn (calories out&gt;calories in) you will lose weight. Your body will change its basal metabolic rate (number of calories needed to keep you alive) as you drop the lbs. you can find a rough estimate of what yours is by using a TDEE calculator - google this. If the calories you eat minus the calories you burn from exercise is less than your TDEE then you are going to lose weight. Simple.
It’s the first ball of the over Stuart brooaaaaaaad It’s the first ball of the over Stuart broooooooad It’s the first ball of the over, the first ball of the over, the first ball of the over Stuart broaaaaad And the mighty Yuvraj hit it out the paaaaaaark And the mighty yuvraj hit it out the paaaaark And the mighty Yuvraj hit it, he didn’t fuckin miss it, the mighty Yuvraj hit it out the paaaaaark It’s the second ball of the over Stuart Broaaad...... And so it continues. There were quite a few, this was my favorite. Sat near the Bharat army during the World Cup
I am in utter shock
Pilot
It would really mess up the schedule for the season
That’s a fake video. It’s pretty clearly in the Grand Canyon unless you are referring to a different clip
Fuck
Do you wear a box??
Dear Basketball comes pretty damn close.
Kobe my n..... I hate that it had to be him
RIP to all the real ones world wide
“Cuz big brother said so” what a G
I have a feeling that the next generation would have known him as a legendary X (filmmaker, author, broad caster, investor) rather than a basketball player. Such was his greatness and potential.
What is is the situation of terrorism and insurgent groups in the country, including in less urbanized centers? I’m sorry that you guys have been through so much over the last few decades. You definitely don’t deserve it, and honestly you shouldn’t have to resort to a presidential motorcade for a cricket team. Listening to the small talk in this clip and looking at the topography it’s just like India, there is far too much divisiveness in the world today.
🙄
God these are so bad that they’re good
This dude is huge
This is a joke
Remember when they randomly said “praise hanuman” in black panther
How important is location playing in your ROL? I am debating a program that is top 20-25 in my field in a place I don’t really like, don’t really know anyone (4hrs to family) vs an academic center that is middle of the road but in my top choice city.
My heart says location. But my mind is thinking that program itself is what will make me happy. My residency is long (radiology) but also offers time to actually have fun in the place I’ll be since it isn’t so intense
Knew something was off. Bless up 🙏🏽
When I first saw the block of text I thought it was an expanded Sri Lankan name
He came to SA to chase love
Did you see him after he got Off the plane, didn’t carry shit
Is “Kobe still alive” going to be the new “Tupac still alive”?
Shaq doesn’t look or sound particularly well from obviously a mental but also physical standpoint. I hope he is taking care of himself .
How do we feel about Jadeja at 6/7?
For real you need a dif mindset to thrive in Mumbai
He takes the sexiest singles in world cricket
I get so excited watching new players get serious game time
NZ SuperOver Kings
Where is the fucking Yorker
Southee chance for redemption
Welcome to the KL Rahul era
NZ going to go on strike if they have to play a super over again
What is a worse position to be in; 88-6 batting first or defending 7 in the last over thakur has a useful contribution with bat too. So I guess Thakur for MOM
but delivered in the clutch
That’s unfair tbh
Tbh no excuse this year. Kohli, AB, Dube, Chahal, Saini is such a strong core
4 tear drops per capita
Kawhi sounds like an NBA 2k15 cut scene
And English
Dude wtf
Ross Taylor was dropped four times and then went super saiyan
Oh this gets him canceled from me
Dhoni SR surprised me (despite his downturn last 3-4 years)
Board examiners love to go after this 🙏🏽
Start of Aussie roads
This is so satisfying to watch. That first one.... 🔥
My G
✊🏾🙏🏽
I guess we will have to reverse it when india is bowling
It’s been such a tough year man.
Can we get data after 2010?
Idk why everyone talks about Kallis and Sobers when we all know the GOAT all rounder is hazlewood
Smith
Idk if you need to add from Asia. Ponting the most successful but he had a much better squad. Dhoni got all the trophies with players like Joginder, Munaf Patel, etc
And she’s from Texas
Let alone residency
Smh
It’s so much less active than this.
This is why he’s a False a God
Don’t speculate too much re Student Loans. We don’t have a crystal ball and no one can predict the future, just choose the option that makes the most sense today. I think option 3 is best.
Do most people making 60k a year have 200k debt going up at 900$ a month on interest alone? I think this is what has been especially anxiety inducing for me
What specialty?
All of india used to get nervous with Sachin in the 90s. I never feel that with Kohli or other modern batsmen, it just doesn’t seem like that big of a deal compared to winning/losing a match
