Seconded. It's pretty good and makes the dpad actually usable.
The only thing you'd have to do is play offline to avoid softbans
It was a bit weird yeah, but in the end it's most likely because he used AutoHotkey in order to create his application, and AH is apparently heavily disliked by most antivirus software out there. DavidJCobb has an explanation about it in this thread.
It's broken for some people and hasn't seen any support or updates. That said, this sub is still a vocal minority.
it is pretty action-packed though
http://www.millenniumforums.com/images/smilies/0Abx8d8.gif
Outlast is way more focused on gore and jumpscares though, be warned
Your physical steam link is limited to 1080p, the steam link android app can do up to 4K. I think Nvidia Shield can stream up to 4K, but I'm not sure. Google knows better than me on this one. In terms of quality, both work fine as long as your network is great (depending whether you're using wifi, ethernet or powerline adapters)
below the name of the thread there should be share, save and hide buttons
The studio was closed by Sony, then some devs went to Codemasters and worked on Onrush, which flopped because it was an interesting but fairly weird idea.
yeah, it might not even need a patch with some luck
Meta is 150-155 in arena, and whatever you want outside of it.
Just use an alternate start mod
wii version was different from ps/360, kind of a different game entirely
Psp, Ps2 and Wii are a different game made by a different developer. So the levels are not the same (though the planets are), and there are even a few additional ones in the Jedi Temple. The gameplay is different too, on one hand you lose the advanced physics system of the main version but it also feels a little less clunky (though the motion controls on wii are average).
Copypaste of another comment I wrote: Psp, Ps2 and Wii are a different game made by a different developer. So the levels are not the same (though the planets are), and there are even a few additional ones in the Jedi Temple. The gameplay is different too, on one hand you lose the advanced physics system of the main version but it also feels a little less clunky (though the motion controls on wii are average).
Sotfs was 12€ if you had all three dlcs of the original game
D2 runs on a heavily modified ID Tech5, which was developed by id Software in the first place. The only part where Bethesda might have been at fault for D2's poor optimization is if they did not let the time for the devs to properly optimize it.
Part 3 can get kinda long that's why he's saying this. Part 1 also starts slow but ends great.
It's not, no.
Kinda sad but understandable, thanks!
then wait until it releases on steam before buying it?
Yeah but the whole theme of the conversation was that Skyrim's world feels more alive because it's mostly handcrafted. I agree that it has lots of shitty stuff too, but the world itself is great
It was a reference to this parody article: [Why Spend $80 on an SNES Classic When You Can Install Emulators on a Raspberry Pi and Never Shut the Fuck Up About It?](https://thehardtimes.net/harddrive/spend-80-snes-classic-can-install-emulators-raspberry-pi-never-shut-fuck/)
That's great news, thanks for your explanation
Yeah my bad, I linked a prototype map. Pretty impressive work by the way. Are you going to keep working on that kind of video?
That's also a possibility true
no worries, we've all been there
Nah he's on SSE
[Except all character classes have a description of their pasts](http://darksouls3.wikidot.com/classes). None talk about the Kings Hand, and most of them make it pretty damn hard for the character to ever have been one. For example the Sorcerer is from Vinheim's Dragon School, the Pyromancer comes "from a remote region ", the Cleric is just "A traveling cleric who collapsed from exhaustion", the Thief is a deserter (even wears a base Lothric soldier armor), the Knight is "An obscure knight of poor renown ". The only ones who could actually be a Kings Hand are the Assassin (their armor resembles the Kings Hand's set), and the Mercenary, only described as "A mercenary and veteran of the battlefield".
Check the console commands on UESP. Most of the time glitches like that can be fixed easily by using them.
That's the whole point though, that the game has less stuff to render. So you might be trading stuttering for lower framerates.
even easier is to get a parry shield (buckler or target shield) and just parry spam him to death
It's true though, [the list of developer messages is on Wikidot](http://darksouls2.wikidot.com/guidance)
You sure? I thought that was the whole point of the spell, I'll check that out then. Thanks for the info!
It stays more basic than Dks, from what I've seen (not played) its more about its world/atmosphere. The exploration aspect is pretty good and free though, you can really jump and explore everywhere.
spoilers mah dude
I believe Skyblivion pretty much has Beth's approval, so I suppose it would also stand for other projects of that kind. Bethesda is lenient with this stuff. Also Oblivion already has a Morroblivion mod which while not the full Morrowind game is pretty damn complete. My point is I'm pretty sure most of the Skyrim mod projects are safe. Even Skyrim Together which is supposed to be a multiplayer mod could continue development as long as they don't try to use Steam's servers.
some of them, but not all. If you're unlucky or your hardware has issues with it then it might not work
Did you not get SSE for free when it came out? Or did you not have all dlcs at that point?
You can easily find it with a google search.
They already have Dragonslaying quests though. There's [Dragon Hunting](https://en.uesp.net/wiki/Skyrim:Dragon_Hunting) where you join a few of the Blades you recruited in order to kill a dragon in a random location.
Dark Souls takes time and perseverance. If you have both, then you can beat it. And if it gets too hard, find someone to help you through coop.
No but someone might be working on it
Go in blind, but don't hesitate to look up game mechanics on Wikidot. Some of them are unexplained and really obtuse.
It's only survival but The Long Dark is really good
Maybe in TES5Edit?
Miyazaki said that he likes to think that if you summon Solaire and he survives all the way up to Gwyn, then he links the Fire in his own world. He never said that he canonically survived.
DsFix and DSCM if you want to use multiplayer at any point.
ENBs are mostly about the effects you enable, so you should play in-game with the enb UI and disable the effects you don't want and check your framerate.
Performance, better enb and questionable mods
I was talking about porn mods my dude
The Force Unleashed also uses it, fun game
You have to run it at 60 fps anyway right? Unless there's a hack to remove the framecap
You'd better use a mod manager
At the very worst you might have to backup your save, not a huge problem.
As I said /r/SkyrimVr would be where to ask, I don't have a VR device yet
Because this requires tons of work? This is a progress report, the emulator isn't even that old and has been improving a lot in the past year.
It's also really not lore friendly in that it creates personalities and changes the backstories of existing characters to a great extent (see Aerin for a pretty bad example of this). The dialogue also is inspired by games like Leasure Suit Harry and meant to be funny. You just have to be aware of all of that, but the mod itself works great.
Strangely enough my first playthrough was my worst. I played the game like it was the other 2, and kept getting punished because I chugged two times too often, spammed rolls so much that they ended up queued and used a trash weapon.
Have you checked its description? "Adds over 5,000 lines of completely voiced dialogue for NPCs to use, spanning more than 50 voice types, based on the relationship the NPC has with player that works with the existing dialogue from the game. All lines are voiced using the original voices from the game and consist of existing lines that have been added in new and suitable situations, as well as completely new dialogue created by editing multiple lines together to form brand new ones. Friends talk to you more like friends. Followers have more much to say when speaking to them. If your spouse is a follower, he/she will talk to like a spouse instead of a generic follower. NPCs who dislike you (not bandits and forsworn, but citizens of towns and cities) will have more insults to say and may even completely stop talking to you if you continue to pester them." It adds new voice lines to lots of npcs. For example followers will get new lines in certains situations. However as you noticed, it sometimes makes it so that NPCs that share the same voice actor can say the same lines. It's a matter of taste I guess
You can heal with miracles or warmth. Warmth only requires 10 attunement and a pyro glove.
it doesn't really break them though, just pauses them until you heal dragonrot
You also need to install CBBE which contains the presets and meshes required to use Bodyslide.
Nope, engine has nothing to do with the feel of the game. Dks3 was also "a different engine from DeS and Dks, yet felt more like them. A game engine isn't about game "feel". By the way, it's possible that Dks3 uses a modified version of the Dks2 engine according to Durante (Dsfix's author) - [they share a lot of underlying code](https://www.neogaf.com/threads/dark-souls-iii-pc-performance-article.1199233/page-13#post-199410372). So either they used the engine created for BB and ported it for other platforms (it was created with Sony's Japan studio), or it's a modified Dks2 engine that they heavily tweaked for Dks3.
Demos are always played on easy
I kinda expected a standard 3rd person action game, and this looked decent enough for me. Hope it'll be more polished when it comes out.
Depends on the games. This did not look incredible but not bad either, but to each their own I suppose
and the dslite even more
Not sure there is one
How compatible is it?
They were not though. Tfu1 had none and 2 had them from the start (head/arms/legs plus torso on the wii version)
[Here's a video of restored cut content](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zziY68RdKK4)
It would be surprising, they are saying it's a huge open world with more content than the other titles and has a lot of rpg characters options.
Pvp and coop have the advantage of creating dedicated communities that will play the game for years after release. All Souls titles still have more or less active pvp and coop even years after release. What I really liked with multiplayer was the special features like: - the Undead Church bell that other player can hear in their world when you ring it - The statues that appear where other players got petrified - Vagrants which were a cool idea There are a lot more obvious ones but I like the ones that are more like surprising background details.
can anyone confirm this is legit? at around the time Sotfs came out a few people posted fake item descriptions like this.
{Frozen Electrocuted Combustion} isn't a killmove mod, but will make your enemies' body actually affected by the element you used
I'm sure the devs wouldn't want their game to become an Epic exclusive. Their first title already made way more money than they ever expected.
Epic has been buying some game licenses in order to make them Epic Games Store exclusives. That includes a few titles that were supposed to release on Steam. That has angered tons of people on the internet. Not a reason not to take a free game, especially one that good.
I'm pretty sure servers are still online for Prepare to Die. That said its matchmaking sucks and you can use [Wulf's Connectivity Mod](https://www.nexusmods.com/darksouls/mods/1047) to fix that.
Yup, it uses a lot of postprocessing options from the game itself
Prepare to Die is the only title in the series without any kind of anticheat.
it does not in 2 as far as I know.
patches and updates should overwrite the main mod
she covets the throne and the great souls, whatever that means. she's also the shard of manus that embodies desire/want, and the smallest of all shards. that's the reason she seeks power even if it's unreasonable
[anyway here's chinatown](https://youtu.be/HeOkJplUAAs)
Honestly once you see a cheater just alt f4
They did release Bruma a few years back, but yeah with big projects like that it's often likely to not come out
It's a bit more like an old school brawler, you've also got grabs and can interact with the environment in fun ways
Extraction Point is great yeah !
they look really anime-ish but are alright I guess
yup, and you can also parry at longer ranges so not get punished if you fail
Because it allows people to pirate your games ? I'm not saying I like it but I understand their position
agreed on the last point
It's not removing any official features is it? And "changing functionality on you" is what updates do in the first place.
Combat is alright but not as great as other Platinum titles. The graphics have great art direction but otherwise are dated already. The soundtrack is absolutely fantastic. The story is great. You have to play the multiple endings (chapters pretty much) to get the real endings. This can feel repetitive, but it's worth it. Sidequests are not that important, but they all fit in the story/theme nicely and will sometimes make you think. The pacing can feel a bit slow if you do a lot of sidequests, so it's up to you whether to do them or not.
he'll probably just be not even trying and pretend to die if he loses
So like Digital Molecular Matter in Star Wars The Force Unleashed ?
A stealthy character can get through the dungeon quite easily but yeah I feel you
so bijin is "anime-loli"? what
Except they do it super often, and wait for you to power attack to bash. I'm quite sure that doesn't happen in vanilla.
That's fair, and a few people have made patches to revert some exploits
I thought it was fine but not great, Skyrim can't stand on its combat alone
You can likely port it over
To be fair balance is shitty in Skyrim in the first place
It's my most hated, it feels like a huge rng fest to me
Yeah that does look like you're right, my bad
There's the bad ending timeline from TFU1, and TFU2 has its own bad ending. Each dlc happens after its game's bad ending. The dlcs for TFU1 and 2 aren't linked.
Yeah, but that does not mean one happens after the other. Just that similar events took place.
{RandomIdleAnimation}, there's only a port of a similar mod but it is buggy
Just want to say that 130 mb is absolutely huge, my modded save after 40 hours was at around 14-15mb
for 1080p it'll be great! for higher than that you might want a better card
At the same time when you get banned from creation by other gods for brutality, you're maybe a bit too metal
Yeah, my point is just that everyone usually plays using the game's vsync. You could try disabling it in nvidia panel, then locking framerate to 60 (with Nvidia Inspector for example). It has helped me in certain games, though it does not work in others.
Sully is clearly using Aldrich for his own purpose though, and is the one who gave Gwyndolin to him
I think 2 has its own story with a few ties to 1/3, but overall it's a good one
I get it thanks!
Things like the [Tower Key](http://darksouls3.wikidot.com/key-item:tower-key), or Ludleth's dialogue ("She knoweth her fate. What will become of her upon her duty's end.", "She is much like thee. Prisoners, both, kept to link the fire."). She doesn't have real personal lore because she's a firekeeper, she's just fulfilling a function really.
It's never explained why exactly he deserted. He doesn't seem to resent the Abysswalkers, but rather to pity them. Either he hated their methods, or he just thought he was not strong enough/did not have enough resolve to carry on.
You don't have to be insanely positive or negative all the time man, it's possible to have a balanced opinion
I have more than 1000 hours in this game and I still discover things lmao
it's more about making the children not look like living potatoes anymore
Pretty much how I imagined him in Plagueis
Not really, Plagueis considered Sidious his equal and wanting to rule from the shadows while Sidious was the public face, but Sidious always intended to betray him. However, how canon this all is isn't clear anymore.
Leave it on unless you find out that it makes a specific game bug out. It can sometimes be a problem for older titles.
Rhen Var was part of the DLC for Battlefront which was only available on Xbox or with mods on PC!
Have you tried pressing select on the status screen? [You can see an explanation for each and every stat.](https://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=1960768811) Adaptability says it raises Agility and Agility says it "helps ease of evasion". It's honestly a better explanation than what I remember, but I still believe it comes off as optional unless you actually look it up yourself.
I think Jet Troopers are a bit too strong, they need some beer whether it's to their health, damage or range
SSE or SE means Special Edition, SKSE is the script extender
Is there a reason they haven't ported it officially?
[For the interested, she has quite a bit of cut dialogue](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MK2rP2NcUoM)
Don't overhype it for yourself though. It's a good open world game with fun combat and atmosphere, and definitely worth it for a low price.
Idk, just that it's as fast if you have an SSD
I really hope Yuta comes back, it seemed a bit strange to keep him apart from the story - though he is pretty op
The later challenges seem incredibly hard indeed
You posted the same thing thrice but nice advice
If you perfect a boss they should drop an item that increases your hp by 1 heart (floor mastery I think)
Honestly Blighttown on other platforms than PS3/Xbox 360 is way easier. These ran at 15 fps because of what seemed to be AI pathing issues.
Nope. Some beings are big, some are small. That's it, there's no more reason. That said, some races like the Gods are bigger than others.
You're just buying long games I guess? Some AAA titles are trying to add meaningless content, but nothing forces you to play them either. And there are many titles including indies that are short.
The PC port is decent now, definitely playable for a new player
The fun thing is how she has no weapons and is a normal human, yet is insanely strong
Honestly the game hasn't aged a lot, I don't think it needs a remake
Drive away at dangerous speeds
I've seen some pretty knowledgeable users that are using Vortex and have no trouble with it. I don't think it's as bad as people make it to be, but for sure it's way different from MO2 and probably worse on the control you have on your game to an extent (file sorting)
The Demon of Song grab is so damn painful to watch
If he kills you with the grab attack where he eats you, you gotta uninstall the game (else Tanimura himself comes to your house)
But only with controller enabled right? I'll have to check this out
Second
There's also Skyrim Unbound Reborn which has a few new features
Plane ninjas clearly
It has patches tho
Yeah Alluring Skulls make this run easy
That last phase with 4 light side heroes in a small room is insane
Kengan Asura, which is a huge martial arts tournament manga which gets pretty insane with some great fights.
iirc their first choices were Dark Race and Dark Ring which are both awful choices for different reasons
I do it all the time! I find it fun to try to play as the character rather than a player in a videogame
*"Conclusion: Seppuku counts as a counter thrust, because you're stabbing yourself while you're stabbing yourself"* is one of the funniest things I've read today
And Dark Souls 3 ended up being a weird mix of Dks1 and BB, so I don't know if it was worth it.
I remember that there is soul level and weapon level matchmaking. [Here's the Wikidot page about it.](http://darksouls.wikidot.com/online-matchmaking#toc4)
Can't you download Steam controller presets?
Any particular reason?
It's definitely a game to play on normal difficulty, not hard. There are lots of issues with the combat being janky, the controls not precise enough, inaccurate hitboxes, and the fact that you can be hit while on the ground. Playing on hard is possible but does lead to some frustrating deaths.
The second ones is still locked to 30 fps unless you get a patch though isn't it?
The first one has aged poorly and feels janky to play. It's a fun power fantasy though, throwing things and people around. The second one is more polished but is very short.
That's a good summary of all the issues yup
SSE is what 99% of people should go for. Unless you really care about the few mods that haven't been ported or want to only take screenshots, SSE is better.
Please note that it can be incompatible with some particular SKSE DLLs (on LE at least)
The usual meta level for the best players is 150. You won't find a ton of players at this level though but it's still the meta. Play at the Brotherhood of Blood arena, there's SL matchmaking priority and if it doesn't find anyone close to your level it will pair you with a random player. Anywhere else though the matchmaking is made via Soul Memory, the total amount of souls you acquired since the start of your playthrough. There are wiki articles about it.
I've never really had a lot of use for weapon arts, except the dagger L2 to get through Farron Keep. They're there, and some are cool I guess, but they don't feel necessary or integrated in the core gameplay to me.
It's also about going above the technical limitations of the original system. Running an older console game at 4k/60 fps is pretty amazing.
As a trooper this is good news though. They are two obnoxious heroes.
I'm pretty sure this need was mostly for trooper modes, not HvV
How is it script heavy? Doesn't it just edit quests?
Aren't clones also aging rapidly, making it necessary to replace them?
Uplay and origin work just fine on my end, maybe disconnect in the client from these accounts and log in again?
Wait what the fuck, that was Pate? Insane
The main explanation is that the devs thought this would be fun to have to explore new areas for a while without any map
Have you tried different charms? You can get some regen charms that will make it so you don't have to heal at all which helps
I think FEAR's gunplay is still insanely fun though. Have you played through Extraction Point dlc?
Really? I feel like the shooting is way worse in the second one, it just doesn't have the same satisfying impact and the AI seems worse (though it was smoke and mirrors in the first game).
The PC port of Dks2 already runs on toasters so unless you are on integrated graphics I don't really see the point. Furthermore changing the game files could ban you so offline would be safer.
That's good to know. Once I get my current load order working, I'll be sure to take a look at DXVK. Thanks for your work!
Nope, they mean the 5 second wait and the screen with the choice between slow download and premium download.
Yeah, one of the Corvians even says "When the world rots, we set it afire. For the sake of the next world. It's the one thing we do right, unlike those fools on the outside." which fits the theme perfectly as well. I think the main theme of Dks3 as a whole is the idea of ending it all and what legacy you leave to the future.
Are you running FNIS with the patches for both mods ticked?
Except Hawkwood is an Unkindled just like yourself. He straight up says so when he introduces himself.
The Unkindled failing to linking the Flame doesn't mean that they even reached it. They might have just died on their quest. The starting classes state for two of them that they collapsed roaming the lands or something.
I don't think your spoiler's working
Ah yeah. I'm just used to standard way of using spoilers &gt;!this way!&lt;
I'm pretty sure the Archdrake Sect was created by the Drakeblood Knights that came back from Shulva and were shameful for their actions. Replenishment: *There is a story, passed down through generations, claiming this band of knights once felled a poisonous dragon which menaced an entire nation.* Archdrake Shield: *The secrets of Lindelt rituals are protected by the Archdrake sect, and only a select few are given access to their canon of knowledge, which includes the truthful origins of the Archdrake sect itself.* Archdrake Mace: *It is often the sinful who seek piety, spurred only by a selfish desire for salvation.* Archdrake Helm: *The Archdrake sect are the keepers of Lindelt's histories, including the only record of its foundation, a tome they have good reason to keep hidden away.* Slumbering Dragoncrest Shield: *Shield of the Archdrake sect of Lindelt. Represents a slumbering dragon, and is intended for use in covert rituals.* *The fools who woke the slumbering dragon earned not only its ire, but also the destruction of an entire country.* *The survivors buried their wrongdoings in the past, and in a show of terrible conceit, attempted to make amends by carrying on the knowledge of the wasted land.* This all seems to indicate that the Drakeblood Knights, who may have come from Lindelt, are the ones who then created the Archdrake Sect as a way to atone for their sin of destroying Shulva and killing its people.
The idea is that the Four Great Old Souls always reappear somehow. Their influence on shaping the world was just that huge.
It's more of a puzzle/exploration game than anything else, it doesn't have RPG elements
I wouldn't say that but yeah there are a few slowdowns. Can't be compared to shit like SW fallen order though
They had the name before The Outer Worlds
Well done!
Watchdog. I've had lots of issues with Pyre Protecc, like some backstabs not dealing damage, enemies far from the host not having any AI, or not being able to kill mobs as an invader when a seed of giants is used. Watchdog on the other hand worked just fine.
she tends to be in the line of fire whenever vampires attack whiterun since she's right next to the entrance door
yeah of course, hell 12 yo kids play GTA. Which isn't to say it's a good thing, but age ratings have always been just an indication of the content, not always accurate.
I'm pretty sure that's part of the idea though. Once you know an area, you can easily avoid damage and run to the boss. That's not possible on your first run for the most part.
I don't think Midir is in a very good shape when we fight him, he's been so corrupted by the Dark he absorbed that he seems to be crazy. He just trashes around, and tries to kill you with inaccurate attacks. I don't like the Abysswatchers cause they're basically edgy undeads who believe they're special and are okay with slaughtering entire kingdoms to prevent the abyss from spreading, if what Hawkwood says is true. The fight is good though. Add to that that they don't even know the actual story of what happened to Artorias, who became corrupted by the Abyss. Now that I think about it, they basically have the same thing happen to them. As for Friede, she's a great boss with cool lore but she feels a bit too much like Lady Maria, and her fight is very anime, which I dislike. I prefer more grounded, less fast-paced fights.
to be honest, a lot of the user reviews will be people trashing the game for its story given the reaction people had to the leaks.
Hope you enjoy the other games! They are slower paced but very enjoyable. You could even try an actual heavy build, they're very enjoyable in DKs1.
the best way I've found to do that is to use mator's {Automation Tools for TES5Edit} scripts. I think they should work with SSEedit. There's one of them called Quickchange, which has an option to replace a value with a new one and can be applied to pretty much any field. The syntax is explained in the help file in the archive.
Pontiff wants something that's not explained. We don't know what he plans to do with Aldrich. Other than that, I agree!
I'm pretty sure the games are p2p just because it makes their seamless coop/invasion system easier.
Yup. I also just installed a mod which replaces the Firekeeper with the Maiden in Black... That means I gotta do this ending, right?
honestly I'd even recommend the opposite and trying out a super heavy armor with big weapons build, to discover the beauty of being a walking tank with insane poise.
No, I understand that one. The dragon followers ascend and take on the form of a dragon through meditation and focus. It seems the man-serpents are different beings though.
they don't.
PvP in 2 is the best it's ever been in the series though? 3 is basically a downgraded version of it, other than its more balanced invasions.
They're not the same kind of games at all, Uncharted is about playing through a modern Indiana Jones hollywood blockbuster movie. Temper your expectations, not every game has to be Dark Souls.
[made me think of a meme](https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/717753743982198808/717753791893602324/hornyjail.PNG)
I don't really care what you think because it seems like you're pretty much set on your views. I just like it cause almost all weapon classes are viable, it doesn't rely heavily on backstabs/poise like Dks1, healing can be punished and you can actually catch bad rolls with most weapons unlike in Dks3. Magic is also pretty good as you said, and so it the infusion system which can be used to adapt weapons to your build. There's also tons of rings, weapons and armors, some with special effects. Builds can be very different too, from lightweight robflynn to mages, heavy turtle with greatshield, poison builds... All of that leads to a lot of variety. Your fights are almost never the same. As for latency, all three games are p2p, meaning that they all suffer from phantom range and lag issues depending on your connection. It depends on whether your opponent has a good connection to you and if he plays on wifi or not. That said, while I think it has the best pvp core mechanics, not having an unlimited invasion item and soul memory both really were bad ideas that fucked the game up in the long term. You barely get invaded anymore nowadays.
I answered your points right after that. I don't see how your point is valid when the only thing you're doing is asking questions without actually knowing the game.
It also happens to be in a shared universe with Subnautica which is cool
This is to be fair the most broken enemy in the entire game.
Did you enable the option for it to manage difficulty,and try changing the modifiers?
It would only kill you instantly if you didn't even check its MCM dude
It's never said that she usurped anything. The game actually tells us she "renounced everything" and abandoned Londor. She probably fled Londor and found refuge in the Painted World, where she then decided to protect it in the image of Priscilla. In time she decided to prevent its burning even if it means that the painting would rot instead. Yuria says: *"Twas the soul of my sister. Elfriede...A poor wench turned to Ash, who would abandon Londor..."* We can also learn blackflame arts ourself through pyromancy.
I'm not sure Unkindleds have actually linked the Fire before dying. I know a lot of people believe that, but it seems weird given that it would imply that Anri, Siegward or Hawkwood actually reached the First Flame, which they never mention and are too weak to do. There's also the fact that a few of the starting classes mention the characters dying before the events of the game. The deprived class was even buried. If that's actually the case however, then I have no explanation. You might argue that Friede tried to usurp the Flame but failed, leading to her burn scar. Then fled Londor for some reason.
Old Dragonslayer is a really good track!
You weren't playing it blind. Their reputation comes from the fact that many people started the series with 1,and if you play blind then they can be a huge difficulty spike.
Pretty sure the intro cutscene was supposed to be the cut "create your own bonfires" mechanic, but that's also a valid interpretation
It's a reference to Demon's Souls' bad ending [where you stomp on the Maiden in Black's head too!](https://youtu.be/_TArHAQWSmE?t=66)
I think 3/4 of the bosses in Bloodborne are harder than anything in Dks1!
Same here, Dks3 leans much more towards action and fighting very aggressive enemies, with fast movement speed and an emphasis on dodging. Dks1 is slower paced, which makes it feel more grounded. You really feel like you're just a normal dude trying to survive and progress inch by inch.
Nice, I got bored after a while because the game feels repetitive and doesn't really offer an interesting challenge. But it was chill to play, so I might try the remaster to at least finish the main quest.
same here, I enjoyed it just as much
no, texture resolution only affects texture detail. so you'll benefit from high res textures even on lower res monitor. the usual rule is that you should use higher resolution textures on things you see all the time (like your character) or big things since their texture will be more stretched (mountains). you have a 8gb gpu so you could use 2k for most textures and 4k for the ones you desire with enb too.
Kinda yeah! I thought that one was supposed to be Quella, the God of Dreams (from the [Spirit Tree](http://darksouls2.wikidot.com/spirit-tree-shield) / [Grand Spirit Tree Shield](http://darksouls2.wikidot.com/grand-spirit-tree-shield). I don't know why it would be there though. Also, while talking about the King's Passage, I like to believe that this place is a shrine to Sir Syan, the knight who died fighting the Giants. I like to believe the Mirror Knight is some kind of reincarnation/frankenstein monster made of his remains.
there's definetly a lot of people who still really dislike the game, which is understandable since it's very different from the other two and worse, depending on what you're looking for in a Dark Souls game.
Maybe try to check your gpu and cpu usage while playing? That doesn't sound like normal behaviour. edit: I've found a few posts about that same issue online, but no one seems to have any solutions :(
Dks3 basically gave up on limiting the player's movement with equip load. As long as you're under 70% (which is a lot) you get mid-rolls which are super fast and with lots of iframes.
I don't think you mean to write party whore, but okay
can you try running the game in 1440p/1080p and check if it crashes in the same conditions? You might want to try other (newer or older) drivers for your gpu, but it's not guaranteed to solve the issue either
yeah then something's probably wrong with your hardware and this game. does it happen in any other games? you could try checking for the integrity of the game's files on steam too, who knows
yeah now you can't go two days without a thread on this game being underrated or the best souls game
He's actually a boss in this game with one tricky move where he does a series of slashes
I don't think you can complain about difficulty when you play the game after the later games. Of course Dks3 and BB or Sekiro are way more difficult. You have to think back to when the game came out.
The difference here is that in Dks3 as long as you're under 70% nothing changes, you get a 14 iframes fast roll. You can go under 25% to move even faster and have even faster rolls but it's mostly useless. For example, the Knight class straight up starts with a fast roll (since it's under 70% equip load), a 100% physical defense shield, and a longsword. The same class in Dks1 fatrolls in the begining. In Dks2, your roll length and stamina regen are directly related to your current equip load. So a low equip load build will have better rolls and faster stamina regen, and a heavily armored build won't. You have to level up ADP if you want to have decent iframes. You of course also have to level up vitality or use rings if you're going to carry a lot of gear. It's not a perfect system but I think it's more interesting than Dks3's "just be under 70%".
I do realize that Dks3's weight system was changed because the game is faster. It's fine, but it makes the game feel less grounded and is something I like less than the previous games. In Dks2, sure you can play at 69% if you want. But you'll have shorter rolls which means more risks of getting rollcatched, plus slower stamina regen. Even if they aren't huge, there are drawbacks. You do get penalised (especially in PvP obviously, but even in PvE). Not a perfect system by any means, but it's a fun way to make weight matter in my opinion.
Likely because Gwyndolin built Irythill in its place, keeping only the old cathedral.
Here's my source: http://darksouls2.wikidot.com/equipment-load To be fair, it's not a huge drawback regardless, but it's something to take into consideration when making your build which is cool. And Dks3 really built off Bloodborne's speed, which gave it better action with more dynamic fights, but I feel like it somehow lost a bit of the feeling of being a nobody on a difficult adventure if that makes sense.
sometimes mods need to generate new files. these can be your FNIS animation output, a bodyslide armor/body mesh output or even just text mod logs or crash logs, or racemenu presets you saved in-game. by default, all of these will appear in your overwrite folder. it's very normal to have files in there, but just be aware of what's inside of it since it overwrites every other mod you have. you can right click on it (it's in left panel below all your mods) and open it to check. if you use bodyslide, I find it's a good practice to press ctrl when building in order to select the output folder you want instead of the overwrite for example.
Sadly, I think JOP will be your only option
It does run at 720p though, and did require a lot of work from the modder since lots of things were tied to 30 fps. But it does show that it's very much possible.
Nah, Ps4 Pro is most of the time 30 fps, but with shitty frame pacing.
it was the same with dks3's pro patch, where it runs between 30-35 fps and 50 fps at 1080p.
I do understand though, I'm not a MGS, Castlevania or Silent Hill fan but they're incredible series that have all had an impact on games as a whole. It's sad they just stopped making those.
It's also straight out of Berserk. I feel like the area and level design is nice, but the enemies are a bit boring and the fact that it's one of the early game areas you always have to go through makes it feel less exciting. Like yeah, I've been through this place as many times as I've made characters.
Scholar was Dark Souls 2 2 to be fair
What I usually do for a blind playthrough of these games is only allow myself to look up stuff that's about game mechanics and stats. They can be very obscure to figure out. And that way I can discover the world, the enemies and bosses on my own.
Increasing iframes is useless since just being under 70% equip load gives you good rolls with 13 iframes.
Amazing, but that's your own experience, not everyone is good.
that's the entire point of the series though, learning enemy weaknesses and how to use them
Wait, you can do that? That's awesome
I believe the mod author explains that yes, it uses scripts but pretty much only when you enter the dungeon. You could probably try it out on a test save and check a dungeon using it first.
Their home got destroyed a long time ago and a lot of it sunk in the sea. Which might have been Vendrick's doing, given that that's where we meet one of his dragonriders. *"The rank of Dragonrider was reserved for honorable warriors who helped found Drangleic. Together with the king, they crushed its former inhabitants and erected a magnificent kingdom upon their graves."*
It's super subjective. Dks1 is more of an adventure game and Dks3 more of a linear action game imo. For me Dks1 is better because it has that feeling of being an adventurer who's a nobody exploring a fallen kingdom. Thanks to all the shortcuts and connections the world also feels very real and intersting. You also start as a nobody who can't even fastroll with armor on, as opposed to Dks3 where you can roll a lot and move faster. Of course, the gameplay is more polished and dynamic in 3. But honestly that's not the reason I like the series.
you can just rush through the second playthrough without doing the optional quests. it should only take a few hours. and you do get some new info that's kinda interesting
If you're on a laptop the game might be running on the wrong video card. Right click the executable and select the proper GPU you want to run the game with
It should be as fast as any other loading screens
Yeah, good point. Or you can see it as them realizing you killed the one who kept them in check? Anyway, I feel like the idea of them actually being in Heides makes a bit less sense than the original concept of them being knights that left their destructed homeland :(
I felt like that years ago for a few months, but honestly you just have to realize that even souls games aren't perfect and that not every game has to be as rewarding either. Lots of other games are worth playing. I especially love indie titles now.
FNIS does not have any MCM. It just generates its animation either in your data folder or in your mod manager mods folder. As long as you ran the utility (through your mod manager if you use MO2 or Vortex) then you'll be fine. Just check if the animations you added work in game.
hey, as long as it works
it's basically what they want you to do, it's even easier if you stay on the small platform
not that frequent, the real issue is that it takes only one person yo get your acconunt softbanned and your save ruined. so it's honestly just safer to install pvp watchdog anyway
I think so, yeah!
See, my opinion was different. I think Dks3 is the one lacking personality since it's basically just Dks1 with some Bloodborne added on top. It just feels more like a linear action game than the adventure game the other souls games are.
Are you sure your armors have Bodyslide files? Open their folders, there should be one named "CalienteTools" that includes the files required by Bodyslide to build armors.
I'm pretty sure playing Skyrim at 4k with an ENB has an insanely high impact on performance
She just wants you to get stronger so you can actually take the Throne and link the Fire to be freed (probably to die?).
They probably want you to only manage to do a few on your first playthrough, but yeah it's super convoluted
What's up with the way you write, just curious? Are you on mobile?
Any idea what exactly that changes?
I think I might give the manga another try later though! The art was great so it might be worth a read again!
[It ran between 30 and 15 fps on Xbox 360 with no consistency](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EyRzpUQTIGA), and I think it was even worse on Ps3. Really made the experience special for the worse.
yeah, not the unique ones but you get a set of db armor and robes at least which gives access to their op enchants.
To add to that, elemental defense is also very strong, so armors with good dark/magic/fire/lightning resistance will also have a noticeable effect.
The main difference is that Dks2 has both passive poise and hyperarmor. The passive poise works all the time and with any weapon, but is weaker than in Dks1. Then you get hyperarmor from using most attacks on ultra weapons. Dks3 has poise active only on some wepaon arts and ultra weapons.
Dks3 is more streamlined and polished. But experiencing the series in release order is great too, and playing Dks3 first will make 1 way too easy afterwards since it's a way slower game.
There was an issue with some of the runes crashing on SE so the author is reworking it.
All the Souls games have vsync enabled which adds a tiny bit of delay, and they tend to queue your actions too.
A great mod to fix that is one that makes potions and food heal over time and prevents their effects from stacking. It means that you can't instantly heal anymore which makes it way more balanced.
I started the game on hard and played maybe half of it before switching back to normal. Hard was super difficult and normal super easy, there was no middle ground. The game also somehow allows you to buy hundreds of healing items you can use at any time even on hard mode which I don't really get.
You can disable EBT's scripts in its MCM I believe.
Honestly, there should be a masterpost to discuss the game's good and bad points where we can direct people that post these kind of threads.
I think Dks1's world design and the way it forces you to learn it is part of its appeal. It can get annoying having to run to the blacksmith, but overall it gives a real feeling of going on an adventure rather than a videogame that conveniently allows you to teleport whenever you need to.
Or the only thing left is to play another game? Or maybe mods if you're on PC.
It includes a bat command you can install and run in-game to update followers that usually don't level with you to your level.
What's interesting is that this interview was made before the dlc, which is where Manus appears. So he was speaking about the main game. *"Isomura: Are there any plans for DLC? It was said that we might have it, during development… so I want to know your current plans.* *Miyazaki: Honestly we had some trouble with deadlines so we didn't have the chance to discuss this… So we'll probably talk about it now. I can't say that we will or that we won't… yet. I want to do one, though."* Also I didn't remember this part which is pretty cool: *"Miyazaki: There was a removed event in early development where you would get summoned to Dusk's world. Her story was that she came from Oolacile, so there was a quest to rescue her in that kingdom after being summoned. We scrapped that quickly, though, "there's no way we can do that!". I wanted to make the old forest bright, and restore the ruins and buildings. So there you would do some quests in Oolacile, getting summoned by Dusk. It's sad, because she's a character I liked so much, so I was thinking about events and quests related to her."* So they pretty much reused their cut content ideas for Artorias of the Abyss! That's super cool.
last time I used it was kinda broken since it could spawn bosses like Freja in super small arenas where hitting her was impossible
No, you shouldn't need it. You can try it out and see if it helps with performance on your game, but it's unlikely and not required on SE.
I've just switched from Rudy to Patrician ENB and it looks nice.
By your definition maybe. You're still the first person I've seen claiming that in years.
That would be interesting to try out, I did not think about it
Their hitbox is 100% broken yeah
Your build is fine. However you need to approach this DLC carefully as it throws a huge amount of enemies at you. One thing to know is that alluring skulls will attract all basic NPCs from the DLCs, giving you the time to get a few hits in.
The game checks if it can find an opponent 5 levels above or below you. If it does find anyone it pairs you at random. Some people are way overleveled to try to win despite their lack of skill.
There's also the idea of an egg as a protection from the outside world, which is pretty much Filianore's role. And given that Archdragons are unaffected by time and have powers over it to an extent (like the Ashen Mist Heart), it could make sense for it to be a dragon egg. But as usual it's just interpretation and I don't think we have enough information to go on.
She also joined the Painting as a protector of its inhabitants, but seems to refuse to make it burn to the point where she actually sends her corvian knights to kill them.
Here's a fun fact: [the exact same room is in Dks1, where all the bonewheels are.](https://youtu.be/2d3LYa9PKi8) And it's the same lever that you have to use, which makes the same statue turn. It's a pretty cool callback!
When you're an undead taking on ancient gods it doesn't
Don't get me wrong, it is harder and in some parts bullshit, but I still prefer it over the main game
There's {Even Better Quest Objectives} though I have no experience with it.
You can play vanilla (meaning unmodded) saves, and then import them in a modded game, yes. But the opposite won't work since the game will be missing the files it needs to load.
textures in the preview can sometimes look very different than in-game since you don't have the same lighting at all. also, make sure to run it through your mod manager if you use MO2 or Vortex.
That's right too of course!
But they don't. I'm guessing strength mostly comes from your soul rather than your physique, which is why you can be super skinny with 99 strength
Try installing the {Modern Brawl Bug Fix}
You can go to Heide's if you want since it's an early game area. There's also another area that you can get to from the Forest of Giants which might be easier.
Yup, they don't have to obey you. Though of course she is annoying about it.
That's the general idea. I was also pissed off at how different they made the game's lighting without actually making it any better. It just looks nicer in certain scenes and worse in others, and kinda changes the art intended by the original developers.
I got hopeful the moment I saw the first landscape
I wrote that before knowing there was a performance and a quality mode. If it's like Shadow of the Colossus, then it's going to be high resolution/30 fps for quality and lower resolution/60 fps for performance
Archdragon Peak aka the only colorful place in the game?
To be fair, the game does have a better difficulty curve than the others thanks to its linear path. I still don't like it though.
Not that surprising, it was Ps3 only and Dark Souls had way more cultural impact afterwards
They explained that for Shadow of the Colossus they chose not to add new content to respect the original game.
He's fine but I wish he wasn't Siegmeyer 2.0. They are basically the same character except Siegmeyer had an actual character arc.
He was obsessed with her, flailing himself for her sake. He also likely made the dozens of paintings we find around Friede.
Finding Gilligan dead in the Profaned Capital. I miss his ladder cutscenes which were pretty much essential to the series' lore.
well done dude!
nope. I don't know why I wrote my comment this way, I deleted this part.
Gavlan, because when he wheels, he deals
Really? It's way more like a metroidvania than a Souls game though. And I don't think "clone" makes sense when none of the gameplay mechanics are similar.
You should probably have joined the covenant of champions.
Not really, Dks2's optimization is way better. It runs incredibly well on low end configs.
He also doesn't die for once which is rare for a Souls NPC
I think the idea was to reference all past Souls games including Demon's Souls. Some other parts are a bit similar, like the Shrine being more vertical like the Nexus, the Firekeeper being dressed in black and having a level up dialogue similar to DeS, or Irithyll Dungeon being very similar to the Tower of Latria.
I'm pretty sure SSME is outdated and I believe it might already be part of SKSE itself. You should use {Crash Fixes}, {Load Game CTD Fix} (and {Animation Limit Crash Fix LE} if you use FNIS).
Yeah you become human and then you can summon, get invaded or invade, and also use humanity to kindle bonfires for additional estus.
Make sure you installed crash fixes properly following it's instructions (there's a mod to install like any mod by also a preloader DLL that goes in your Skyrim folder). Then enable it's useosallocators option.
I join it on new games, it helps making early game and bosses a bit more challenging since you can take less punishment
He said multiple times that he isn't very good at these games. He also said the level of difficulty of the games is based on that. If he can't get through an area, then it's too difficult.
The mod seems to have a FOMOD which is an installer that should run when you install it through any mod manager. Usually, when you get this error you want to right click the proper data folder for the mod and select "set as data folder". But here I'd try to reinstall it again, or check the mod's comments to see if there are issues with the installer.
It works just fine. Matchmaking uses [soul memory](http://darksouls2.wikidot.com/online-matchmaking) and not soul level though. Get the white soapstone, and have both of you buy the [Name-engraved ring](http://darksouls2.wikidot.com/name-engraved-ring) as soon as possible (it's sold by a cat in Majula). It basically acts as a password system when you both wear it, and also enlarges the soul memory ranges you can get summoned from.
The only real meta used by the few remaining good players is sl 150 in the arena. That's about it and not many people use it.
Why would he? - It's never mentioned anywhere. It would be an important plot point. - He was banished from Anor Londo before the events of Dks1, so he couldn't link the Fire then. - He still uses Lighting, unlike Gwyn who couldn't after linking the Flame. - He doesn't have any reasons to do so given that he's allied himself with the dragons who don't care about the First Flame anyway. Honestly, he's probably just insanely old.
it's more of a subjective issue, it pisses me off how many enemies in this game rely on chains of attacks compared to the older games. feels unnecessary and taken right out of bloodborne to me.
that's because enemies in souls games don't have actual stamina, just cooldowns between attacks
He seems to still be working on it, the animations are awesome too.
What did you want them to update? Other than fixing exploits, the game is finished.
What video card and cpu do you have? Look up the model of your computer online
it's more like it's used so rarely that I need to remember it even exists and how to dodge it
That's actually a feature. Merchants can refuse to trade with you if they hate you.
There are spells like the soul arrows for magic, or the dark orbs for hexes that you can get a lot of casts for by buying multiple copies. So you can have these spells for smaller enemies and more powerful spells for stronger enemies or bosses.
It's just Aldia being Aldia, he's spent hundreds of years working on this subject so it makes sense he'd be a little dramatic about it.
Okay so: - Bijin mods each have one body folder that's used by all the npcs from the mod. I don't think you can change the bodies of individual npcs that way. Use {Bijin - Your Bodyslide Mesh and Texture} to build a Bodyslide body for each mod. - the texture issue is kind of weird since the Bijin mods use their own standalone textures. They should not have neck seams as far as I know. - there's no way to do what you ask for with clothes adapting to the one wearing it without setting up specific mods like Bodygen. But that's an entire other can of worms which will take hours to understand.
There's no lore for fog gates in Dark Souls. That's because they were taken from Demon's Souls. In Demon's Souls, there's a magic fog that covers the entire kingdom and makes it hard to access. The fog gate are manifestations of that fog. And in Dark Souls they just reused fog gates for convenience even if there's no lore behind it.
Don't worry, it also pisses off the Dks2 fans since it's basically the same points over and over
Because it benefits the publishers and sometimes the devs. It's not about consumer choice, it's all about the money they make from the deal.
Or maybe the game is just well optimized?
Invading other worlds or getting summoned is canon. And you can summon people who actually died a while ago (the witch Beatrice or Tarkus). Worlds seem to connect with each other randomly as Solaire tells us: *"There's no telling how much longer your world and mine will remain in contact."*. That said, people need to remember that lore is just that, a cool background to the game's levels. There is no definitive version of it, and a lot of things probably aren't clear even to the developers because they didn't even think of it.
Honestly, it's probably just Gwynevere that's an illusion. The sentinels just leave and are replaced by the Darkmoon crew.
You did know about adaptability right?
To be clear: even Dark Souls 3 happens only in a certain timeline where certain NPCs survived even though they should have died in Dks1. Some areas are in the past, others in the future. Nothing really makes sense.
alright, fair enough
ELFX is a bit dark, and its enhancer plugin makes interiors even darker. You can try it without the enhancer. If you already have and it's still too dark, there are other lighting mods out there, some of which you can use together if they affect different things. There's {Luminosity Lighting Overhaul - The Cathedral Concept}, {Realistic Lighting Overhaul}, and {Enhanced Lighting for ENB (ELE) - Special Edition} which is often used with {Relighting Skyrim - SSE}. There are other out there too.
No, but I tend to avoid Death Alternative since various issues have been reported over the years. Did you run into trouble with it or did it work well for you?
It's also worth noting that sometimes the choice isn't even up to the developers. For example the devs of Outer Wilds, Mobius Digital, did not have a say in the fact that their game became Epic exclusive.
It also allows you to fast travel to all of these new map markers which can be very helpful
there's a lever you can use to call it back down or back up
I don't know, they're just like an obstacle you have to get around in the area, and they were nerfed. At dlc release, they did even more damage. I still can't fight the Pontiff Beasts properly for the life of me, they just have a lot of fast and difficult attacks to avoid imo
To be fair, even Dks3 recycled him and said that he actually survived the two previous games. They really like Ornstein for some reason. Also, lacked creativity? Two of the 40-something bosses in the game are rehashes from Dks1, and the Gargoyles have new moves and assets - and there's a different fight mechanic since they wake up as it goes on.
My advice if you want to discover things by yourself is to only look up stuff regarding game mechanics, since they can be difficult to figure out. Of course, if you feel like you're stuck, you can look up stuff online too. But I'd advise against following a full guide or something. You're only making the game less of an adventure and more of a checklist that way. And don't worry about npc quests, it's normal to miss most of them on your first playthrough.
everyone's hyped about possible new content. the issue is about art direction. for example, [flamelurker in the og game looks like this](https://i.ytimg.com/vi/1OCLoFB6uC0/maxresdefault.jpg). he's weird as hell, but doesn't really look like a standard demon. and in the remake trailer, [he looks like this](https://preview.redd.it/kt4s3bn83f451.png?width=1358&amp;format=png&amp;auto=webp&amp;s=a217c523c769ceecb9cbb55aa7270e65235b1880). that's a very different look they're going for. then there's the vanguard, [who looks kinda goofy in the original game](http://demonssouls.wdfiles.com/local--files/screenshots/ds8.jpg). they also redesigned him a lot, [he looks like this now](https://gamespot1.cbsistatic.com/uploads/original/1179/11799911/3682479-shot_8.png). basically, rather than taking the original art assets and sticking closely to them, they're doing some work to reimagine them in their own way. that's what makes some people cautious about the rest of the game. as for me, I think it's cool that they're actually reworking the game so much, but I do hope that they don't make it too generic by doing so.
I always try to remember that lore is an afterthought for the game in a way. The general story is created, then they make all the levels, and finally the lore that's going to link it all together (from what Miyazaki explained in interviews). And they leave a lot of things very vague on purpose. If you go by Dks3 canon, then yeah it's clear that Ornstein was either an illusion in Dks1, or anyway that he wasn't there when Smough died protecting the cathedral of Anor Londo. As for the Nameless King's banishment, we only know that he did a full 180° and went from dragon hunting alongside Gwyn to actually allying himself with them. To be precise, he's described as "ally to the ancient dragons", so some of them had to still be alive when he changed his mind. Gwyn also chose to banish him from history, destroying his statues in the process. So he left after Anor Londo was created. He then tamed a Stormdrake, with which he fought "countless battles". I suppose he was trying to protect the last dragons alive, or their descendants. It's as you said really, we only have the knowledge that he allied himself with the dragons, but we have no idea why.
I mean, Kaathe isn't exactly a nice guy either. At least he's honest to a certain extent I suppose.
You can always come back later, the heide Knights can be a pain to deal with.
magic infusion adds magic damage and scaling to your weapon. if your weapon already had magic damage and scaling when not infused, then it will be even stronger infused. and then buffing on top with CMW will make it even stronger. so that's the better choice. enchanted is only good for specific weapons like the moonilight greatsword. other than that it's pretty much useless compared to magic.
That seems very promising! I'll definitely try to make my own version. Would it work on both LE and SE? And I suppose it would have Beyond Skyrim Bruma as a master file right?
it's about patience and learning how the game works. it's not about being hard for the sake of it like "I wanna be the guy" for example.
Outer Wilds is probably the latest one! It's an incredible game with an amazing ending and a lot of memorable moments. Not for everyone though.
Yes, softbanned players can only play with other softbanned players
If you directly edited your stats or soul level, you have most likely been softbanned yes. Make a family shared account if you want to play on the normal server.
Nope, it isn't detected by From's system. You can read its description for details, the idea is that it prevents most hacks from working on you, and notifies you if other players are using cheats.
No, the limit is still there. If you use ENB, some mods can use what's called ENB light, which is basically fake light produced by your ENB and visible only when it's in your field of vision. If you use ELFX, it's known to make the issue worse, especially if it's conflicting with other mods.
Just so you know, the higher your equip load percentage, the lower your stamina regen and the shorter your rolls are.
The publisher chose the Epic deal and the devs had basically no say in the matter.
Oh you're being mistaken I think, this is Outer Wilds! Not The Outer Worlds! In which case yeah, I understand the comparison better.
alright then, too bad that you won't get to play it
It looks different. Whether you think it's better or not is up to you, I think it's worse most of the time. A lot of things just look more like plastic than in the original version. [Here's a comparison video which clearly shows the differences in lighting.](https://youtu.be/n2eos3V7jTI) To give them credit though, they did improve textures on some bosses and a lot of the armors/gear, and the new visual effects for enemy attacks, particles and spells look way better.
There are no mods that restore the visuals to look the same as the original game. You might however want to look at Reshade presets, as they can improve the game's atmosphere a lot. https://sfx.thelazy.net/games/game/2015/ and https://www.nexusmods.com/darksoulsremastered/mods/categories/5/
it's just this sub really
I'm basing all of this info on the three games and different dialogues. Their role: - They keep their bonfires lit. Some bonfires can be directly connected to them as with the Firelink Shrine and Anastacia of Astora, and when they die these bonfires become unusable. - The Darkmoon Knightess from Anor Londo says that: *"The bonfire attended by the Keepers are special. They are linked to one another, and their flames never die."* - Saulden (Dks2) says that *"Long ago, a woman called a Fire Keeper watched over each bonfire. She kept the flame lit, and guarded it from those who would extinguish it."* The primal bonfires we see in Dks2 are unusable other than to warp back to Majula, so it's possible for bonfires to stop working properly. - In Dks3, they are trapped in the Shrine and help Undeads or Unkindleds by tending to the bonfire and to them, powering them up with souls. It's also said that the ones chosen *"cherish the writhing, searing darkness "*, which probably means that they have a special link to humanity? They are killed whenever their purpose is fulfilled. Their nature: - In Dks1, Anastacia is undead. She says *"Finally, the curse of the Undead will be lifted, and I can die human."*. However, the Fair Lady is probably not human, since she's a daughter of the Witch of Izalith who is a god. - The Emerald Herald is a special case. She states that the attempts to create a being from dragon and men did not succeed in fighting off the curse. So she might be Undead too. She does say she wants the Bearer of the Curse to take the Throne to link the Fire and *"bring an end to your journey…and mine."* - In Dks3, they are blinded in order to be a better vessel for souls (likely to be able to handle the level-up ritual). - It's possible to become a Firekeeper, since Irina of Carim (Dks3) states that she came to Lothric to become one. She also can't handle the Dark as well as a full-fledged Firekeeper can. She can also become a Firekeeper if you give her all the light miracle tomes.
Yeah, you're 100% right. I was only referring to the fact that people often say that it was a "b-team" that made the game, when the only real difference was the directors. FromSoft switched their teams up for every project.
He probably just went down to New Londo and died down there, hollowing in the process since he didn't have a purpose in the first place.
Honestly while there area few options like FISS they are far from perfect. A universal solution that remembers you settings for each mod would be a godsend, but I suppose it must be very difficult if it's never been done.
they are basically watered down demons that were tamed by the Gods to serve them. they technically are demons for sure though.
It's not necessary, but you can deal a huge amount of damage just with one well timed parry, and unlike Dark Souls/Demon's Souls you get punished less often for it because you can shoot from a distance.
I use it, it's worked perfectly fine for years and makes the controls feel tighter, a bit more like Dks1 and 3. It also does not cause softbans.
the good thing is that if you have other questions about the game your username will still be relevant lmao
Yeah that's also one of the theories I heard about, that pathfinding was difficult for the console to handle in this area
Yup, this mod helps with connecting with other players online even if they do not use the mod themselves. It also makes it easier to matchmake with certain players if you want.
And you could also be nice about it. That's something you can probably work on.
It actually doesn't. [They changed lighting a lot which made some areas and materials like armors look worse in my opinion.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=n2eos3V7jTI) It's subjective obviously, but there's a difference. Of course a lot of people are fine with it, and it's the best way to experience the game. It's just sad that their efforts to improve its lighting did not work out at all.
If I remember, here's what I did that failed the quest: - free Greirat, send him on his first outing - kill the demon in the Undead Settlement, exhaust Siegward's dialogue - once in the Cathedral of the Deep, don't trigger the disguised Patches encounter, instead head for the rafters and reach the location where Patches usually stands (he won't be there). I don't remember if using the lever to bring up the pathway matters or not. - then trigger Patches' arrival in Firelink Shrine. He won't be selling Siegward's armor, and Siegward himself will be nowhere to be found. - at this point, Siegward won't ever appear in-game again, and Patches doesn't have his armor either. This means that if you send Greirat to Irithyll, he will always die in the sewers. Now, I do realize this is pretty dumb since I've done it a few times on complete accident. I should also say that you might be able to salvage the quest if you go back to where disguised Patches is before triggering his Firelink encounter. So it's 100% my fault, and hard to actually fail.
The game is locked at 60 fps even on PC.
They're japanese devs that only released Dks1 on PC back then because of a petition, and it was a trash port. That's also why their anti-cheat sucks, because it's tailored for consoles. Thankfully their PC ports are getting better and better.
There's a ring that lets you keep your human appearance even when hollow near mid-game
Its creators often explained that they try to make a rewarding game, not a difficult one. Difficulty is just a tool to make the player feel great when they get past challenging areas.
It's more that Dks1 and 2 have a slower pace than 3 which is almost as fast as Bloodborne
She wrecks the hell out of me because I hate delayed attacks and fast combos. She has both.
Same here. Before the game released, popular theories for the final boss were Gwyn, or the player character from 1/2. And guess what, they were both right! So maybe it was just me, but Soul of Cinder didn't really surprise me. And having a Gwyn phase with his piano theme when the entire game was a direct sequel to Dks1 made me sigh.
That's kinda true, compared to Sekiro the parry on Grandmaster felt less intuitive
It's more like a Sekiro inspired gameplay than Arkham
You can parry most animals I'm pretty sure
If you're still playing it, try using your powers a lot since they recharge when you hit enemies with melee. You can get pretty creative which is fun.
Did you play it on Grandmaster? I think it makes parry timings even harder, and yeah I feel the same about it. Though I still loved the game.
Depends on the difficulty
Same, I'm sad it wasn't an option
I think it's more of a controller game
I think it's subjective, I liked it. It's very much like a Prince of Persia game in that aspect.
The fact that it's the first decent Star Wars game in a while helps a ton of course.
That sounds painful haha
You can't, unless you're talking about the Wii, PSP or PS2 versions. You can play the pc version obviously though if you want the PS3/Xbox 360 game.
Somehow the Giant Stone Axe is still my favourite weapon ever, I just love the moveset and the "rock on a stick" style is fun
You hear a sound, your character does a slight stagger animation and your health reduces.
His model used to be the final boss at some point, and he was described as a "Dark king".
It's good but also very repetitive, most tracks follow the same patterns. In 1 and 2 at least there were calm or creepy and atmospheric tracks, but Dks3 just throws epic songs at you the entire time. I think a game like Hollow Knight has a way superior soundtrack in comparison for example.
Just tried it out and it works well. As you said, when talking to things that aren't actual npcs the voices do overlap but it's alright. I just wish the Windows TTS voices were better! But I'll likely keep using it anyway.
I don't think there are calm tracks because even the ones that do start calm end up going full epic as soon as the second phase starts. I'm talking about boss themes though, of course the two shrine themes are calm.
What are you talking about then? Please explain
Nah you're right, it's just that I subjectively don't like the soundtrack or the style they were going for. It's a good ost, just not for me.
The japanese name for the SoC is actually Avatar of Fire, which means that whatever reason he has to fight us might be because of the First Flame's own will. What it wants however who knows.
It's fine, maybe I was being a dick. You become a Lord after linking the Fire, or because you're worthy of becoming one like Lothric. So who knows! Maybe he went on his own quest too, or maybe not.
Yeah I think I just don't like the style of the song. Sorry if I was being rude.
as per the author's comment *" it's not the same thing (and that tweak is in my mod description) that tweak only increases the interface speed of the book moving towards the camera when you pick it up. i remade the actual hkx animations for the books to be faster, therefor everything is faster including the page turning."*
Yeah the exploration was lacking,not because it wasn't fun but because the collectables were bad.
It might be a text file that includes the link? I haven't tried it in a while
Personally, Dark Souls 3 is my least favourite. **I think that it objectively can be seen as the best souls game though, especially for newcomers:** - the controls and gameplay are the most polished they've ever been. - the stat system doesn't have any trap stats (resistance or adaptability), and equip load is streamlined. - the bosses are complex, with two phases, and a ton of moves they can use. - the game is streamlined and more linear which gives it a decent difficulty curve. - the presentation is fantastic and so is the art direction. - the quality of the game and its levels is very consistent, and never gets as bad as Dks1 and 2's worse levels. As for my issues with the game, the main one stems from its inspirations. You would expect a Dark Souls 3 to be a sequel to Dark Souls 1 and 2, and to be the best of both worlds. **But what it is instead is a sequel to Dark Souls 1 mixed with Bloodborne**. **It takes a lot from Bloodborne:** - the game is faster overall, and so is your character and your enemies. - healing also is way faster, with almost the same speed as a blood vial. - enemies rely a lot on combos, fast attacks and delayed attacks. This also makes the game rely more on your reflexes that your knowledge at some points. - you can roll a lot even with your starting stamina. equip load barely matters as long as you're under 70%. - poise isn't a thing anymore. it's replaced by hyperarmor that triggers when using heavy weapons certain weapon arts - if you wear heavy armor. - armor can't be upgraded anymore and instead has an absortion system which is supposed to scale with your level. - staggered bosses can now often be riposted for critical damage. Bosses also always have a second phase. While some of these changes, especially the boss battles, are great, a lot of them take away personality from the game. To me, Dark Souls is a game about being an unsignificant human who can't do shit at first but then grows as you fight enemies, learn new things and find new gear. In Dks3, you can start off as a knight in heavy armor, with a 100% physical reduction shield, a longsword, and can still fastroll. That says a lot about the intent of the game. It no longer feels the same kind of adventure, but **more focused on its action and being as epic as possible to impress the player**. It's also less grounded, with a lot of "anime" weapons and bosses, that flip, jump around and throw particle effects everywhere while epic music is blaring. Then, there are the missed opportunities. First, ignoring Dark Souls 2 makes it feel like a spin-off. **Dks1 is central to Dks3's story, but Dks2 has no impact whatsoever and is barely referenced in comparison**. Instead, the game seems to worship Dks1 as often as possible. **For example, lots of bosses are related to the first game in a way or another:** - the Crystal Sages and Logan - the Abyss Watchers and Artorias - Aldrick and Gwyndolin (though that one is pretty cool) - the Nameless King - the Soul of Cinder - Oceiros and Seath But none are related to anything from Dks2. The only returning enemy from that game ends up being the [Poison Horn Beetle](http://darksouls2.wikidot.com/poison-horn-beetle) and feral mimics, while Dark Souls 1 at least gets Black Knights and Silver Knights with enhanced movesets. Another thing is how **the game has a geographically logical world**, which is shows you as soon as you leave the High Wall, but **afterwards is mostly linear anyway**. That kind of takes away from the whole point of that idea, and even Miyazaki acknowledged that he wish there were more connections between levels. Then of course **there's the PvP**, which combines the most balanced invasions system of the series (1 &amp; 2 favored the invader a lot) with gameplay mechanics that are basically a huge downgrade from 1 and 2 (the game is too fast and so is the recovery after an animation, rolls are super powerful and can be spammed, healing is almost instant and mistakes are hard to punish unless you use specific setups). Overall, it's an incredible game, but I just wasn't expecting it to be the way it is. I still enjoy 1 and 2 way more. I know I sound super nitpicky, and I apologize for it. I just expected the game to be different than it is. Sorry if I sound salty.
Of course! That's what the lore is about. It's just that most of the npcs seem genuine haha
don't think so, the last giant and the pursuer get the effect too
Its Dlc extraction point is amazing too
Dark Souls 3 is less colorful because of its art direction, which might make it look worse. It actually runs on a very similar version of the engine as Bloodborne.
Yeah, it's super inconsistent. Some areas look great (Dragon Aerie, all the dlcs) and some of them are almost PS2 level like the Shaded Woods.
There is no team A or B at FromSoft, and the people working on it were not more or less experienced than on other games. Each of their games has a new team set up for it depending on the needs, and as in any company people join and leave between or during projects. Source is this [Miyazaki interview in the magazine Edge](https://imgur.com/a/hwo5f), page 75.
I'm not going to defend the quality of the final game. However they clearly had lots of ambition when they started the project. For example: - They reworked the engine with a new lighting system. - They implemented a torch system with dynamic shadows (which was underused in the final product, I don't know why they downgraded lighting to such an extent from early footage). - They included more content than any of the other Souls games. More levels, more armors, more gear, more spells, more enemies, and more bosses. - They added more covenants with creative ideas (rat covenant, blue sentinels, bell keepers). - Revamped the entire animation system (close to none are reused from Dks1) with motion captured player animations. All the movesets in the game are new animations. - Revamped the backstab system and animations. - Added left hand movesets and powerstance system. - Added cloth physics. A few other things. Dks1 is the only game in the entire series including Bloodborne and Demon's Soul where you level up at bonfires. And Howlongtobeat states that [Dark Souls 1](https://howlongtobeat.com/game.php?id=2224) and [Dark Souls 2](https://howlongtobeat.com/game.php?id=2225) have basically the same average length.
yup, it's super useful for invasions!
yeah this hitbox is so broken it's not even funny. the tseldora mimic is probably the worst for this since it's in a small enclosed space
Yeah. Although I recently read that translations from Japanese that might imply it could have been Gwyn's Firstborn's soul. There's a line along the lines of "the one whose name must not be pronounced". Of course, in Dks3 it's the Nameless King so it wouldn't be canon anyway. It's interesting to think about though.
Yeah, maybe they wanted to play the whole "it's mysterious and no one knows" card the series is known for, but the thing is that it doesn't make them more interesting. The coolest stuff in the series is when it gives hints as to a character or enemy and let you figure it out, but here there's just nothing to go on.
Haha nice meme
As soon as you level up, you're not a simple human anymore. An actual human would be a no level up run with one of the starting classes.
turning back won't help because of latency and the way the backstab confirm works. as far as I know the game will detect that the backstab animation started and that you're in range, so it will trigger the backstab. in dks2 the best method was to roll away to put your back as far as possible from your opponent. I don't know if there's a set best method for that in dks3.
I do use it (version 1.7). The initial loading is around 30 seconds. My load times after that are basically the same as without dxvk. You should expect some stutters when you first enter new areas, since it needs to build some kind of shader cache. I think I have loading screens stutters too but it doesn't bother me since in-game is smooth. Make sure your nvidia drivers are 440.66.12 or higher (or Mesa 20.2 on AMD GPUs). Below are the only settings I have enabled in dxvk.conf. The others are commented out (with the #). **My dxvk.conf tweaks are as follow:** - dxgi.maxDeviceMemory = 15874 - dxgi.maxSharedMemory = 15874 This is the **max VRAM amount you want the game to use**. I've set it to the amount that [Boris' vram tool](http://enbdev.com/download_vramsizetest.htm) indicates. Seems like VideoMemorySizeMb in enblocal.ini has no effect if you use dxvk. - d3d9.presentInterval = 1 Enables **vsync through dxvk**. It's very smooth for me. I have set EnableVSync=false in enblocal.ini and iPresentInterval=0 in skyrim.ini. - d3d9.samplerAnisotropy = 16 Sets **anisotropic filtering** (texture filtering) to 16 times. I've set ForceAnisotropicFiltering=false in my enblocal.ini. - d3d9.evictManagedOnUnlock = True I have set ReduceSystemMemoryUsage=false in my enblocal.ini (which disables enboost I believe). I have had no out of memory crashes even though I have a rather heavy load order, so I suppose dxvk's memory management does the trick. I also use {Crash Fixes} with its OS allocators option turned on. **For your enblocal.ini, here's how mine looks for reference (sorry for the wall of text):** [PROXY] EnableProxyLibrary=true InitProxyFunctions=true ProxyLibrary=d3d9_dxvk.dll [GLOBAL] UsePatchSpeedhackWithoutGraphics=false UseDefferedRendering=true IgnoreCreationKit=true [PERFORMANCE] SpeedHack=true EnableOcclusionCulling=false [MEMORY] ExpandSystemMemoryX64=false ReduceSystemMemoryUsage=false DisableDriverMemoryManager=false DisablePreloadToVRAM=false EnableUnsafeMemoryHacks=false ReservedMemorySizeMb=512 VideoMemorySizeMb=14874 EnableCompression=false AutodetectVideoMemorySize=false [THREADS] DataSyncMode=0 PriorityMode=0 EnableUnsafeFixes=false [MULTIHEAD] ForceVideoAdapterIndex=false VideoAdapterIndex=0 [WINDOW] ForceBorderless=false ForceBorderlessFullscreen=true [ENGINE] ForceAnisotropicFiltering=false MaxAnisotropy=16 ForceLodBias=false LodBias=0.0 AddDisplaySuperSamplingResolutions=false EnableVSync=false VSyncSkipNumFrames=0 [LIMITER] WaitBusyRenderer=false EnableFPSLimit=false FPSLimit=60.0 One last thing, **while dxvk works for me and helped a lot with stutters, a lot can depend on your hardware, software, drivers and your mods**. So it's possible that you just don't get better performance out of it than just using DX9.
They're just older games. That's it. They're also perfectly playable, just seems like you don't like it. They're clunkier, but also slower. Where Dks3 is very action focused and fast, they're slower games which have the pace of an adventure game if that makes sense. Also, as a fan of all three games, I feel like Dks3's diet Bloodborne gameplay isn't exactly better, though it has the smoothest controls.
honestly hosts hiding is at least still better than them disconnecting. they are playing the game in their own way even if you don't like it
I don't think Havel's worth it anyway if you're going for a pyro build. I also think boulder heave might be physical damage which is great for variety as a pyro
You should instead be using {SSE Engine Fixes} which fixes a lot of important bugs, optimizes performance and has a feature to enable achievements.
A radical but effective solution is to fully upgrade an Izalith catalyst and use Great Soul Dregs. It doesn't require you to change your build and deals more damage to them than any pyromancy. Other than that, going for melee with the onyx blade is also a decent option.
I think since the game favors invaders less than previous games, they might be more focused on winning no matter what
Enemies disappear if you kill them 12 times, which is a lot
If you don't know the original, you're fine with the remaster. It has changed the lighting a lot, making some areas look worse and some better. But if you never play the game in the first place it's not going to matter anyway, and it has 60 fps with fixed physics.
We don't know. The description is all like "might be, might not be", but at the same time he uses the same attacks including Smough's buttslam, has the Leo Ring and his soul can be used to make the Dragonslayer Spear.
12 times, yes
Just skip it if you don't like it.
Basically the game is all about spamming rolls. Enemies are faster, more aggressive. Poise is only active when using ultra weapons and only during attack animations. Equip load does not matter as long as you're under 70%.
Nah, the engine doesn't have a lot to do with gameplay. I think the problem is more with the animations, which were motion captured, but led to floaty controls, less impact on hit, and a fucked up controller deadzone.
There's no b team. The directors were different and development was fucked up.
They did change textures and lighting, but it doesn't really make the game look better than the original. The best thing is the improved framerate though.
Yeah, there are some nice quality improvements, and of course performance is better. I still feel like the remaster was a bit of a missed opportunity on the visual level though. They tried improving it by changing the game's shaders, but [it just looks weird when you're used to the original I think](https://youtu.be/n2eos3V7jTI). I wish they either did it better, or didn't touch at all the original lighting system. It still is the best version to date if you don't want to play at 30 fps, and the only console version anyway. I suppose it will also run on PS5/Xbox Series X.
I mean, Anor Londo and Gwyn knew about the Ringed City since they pretty much ruled it from afar. And the role of Filianore was to sleep in order to protect the city and maybe keep it out of time so the remains of the Dark Soul can't be used against the gods. It would be really surprising for him to not know about his daughter, and it's likely that he was the one who sent her there in the first place.
Lost Izalith is objectively trash I think. Tomb of Giants is fine but I hate it, wish I could use a torch like in the other games rather than a necromancer head. The Duke's Archives are a fun level overall, maybe slightly empty but cool. New Londo is a great level once you learn how to deal with ghosts. I really like the creepy vibes and there are some shortcuts you can take anyway to go through it faster.
I think calling Nioh a knockoff is kinda mean? Especially when it has so much care put into its combat.
invaders not following the same rules as actual players really is incredibly dumb yeah. sometimes they just poise through attacks when they should not, or instantly escape stunlocks.
Or maybe people just enjoyed the first decent Star Wars game in years?
The Chosen Undead is immortal only because he never gives up. Most undead will just hollow.
Wait Tetris effect is on epic? I had no idea
I didn't downvote anyone here
I wish I would have known this sooner, going to have to verify my game files and reclean them :(
what I meant is that the majority of people in dks subs hate izalith. it's just a bad way of saying it
I guess you were downvoted cause it's a spin-off spectacle fighter, and not related to Kojima either
How is it not a spectacle fighter? Isn't that what Bayonetta or Dmc are too?
yeah, seems like the issue was especially bad with Dks2, some of the meaning seems rather different. [It's a mess but here's a backup of the blog I was referring to.](https://gist.github.com/Atvaark/96f145e769faaf4cca6099bab42c5dc2)
When you talk about Dks3's PvP do you mean invasions or duels? Because while I think it has the best invasion system, in duels it's a dumbed down Dks2.
Yup, using external tools to check levels quickly makes you realize that only 1/10 or 2/10 players is SL 150. Most people are higher level than that, and then you get a few who are below 150.
Then yeah I agree. Dks3 makes it more of a challenge for the invader than 1 and 2 ever did, and that's a great thing.
The miracles and mysteries of Skyrim modding
The idea is that it happens an undetermined amount of time after Dark Souls 1 (hundreds, if not thousands of years after). Most of the events of Dks1 have been forgotten, but at the same time a lot of things are still influenced by them. So you'll find a good amount of references, but they treat Dks1 more like an old legend that not many remember. Its lore is very separate, while still having a few connections to Dks1. It's also much more focused on characters and their choices and philosophy of life. The story itself will be very unclear though at first when playing. To put it simply, Dks3 is a direct sequel to Dks1, and Dks2 is an indirect sequel. Dks2's events, apart from the idea of Thrones, don't have much of an impact on Dks3. As for gameplay, once again it's rather strange. It tries a lot of new things and stumbles quite a lot. At the same time, the game has its own weird charm.
That's also my experience. Then 1/30 duels I find someone who's actually good at the game and I get bodied
Because it was the opposite in Dks1 and 2. In those games if you invade and are half decent at PvP, then your opponent stands no chance. Furthermore, you often invaded lone hosts. The point of invasions is that you're a challenge to the host that's supposed to balance out summoning. That's why the invasion priority makes sense to me.
Not really, the Throne is a way to link the First Flame. And by doing so you sacrifice all of your souls. I don't think the crowns would help with that, though of course there's no info about that scenario anyway.
Small soapstone is kinda shitty since you get sent back after killing only a few enemies and the timer is short. At least you can use it even if the boss is dead which gives it some purpose. Other than that I agree, in my experience it's hard for people to actually get out of the Engraved Ring's increased range.
Nah, it's actually Patches from Demon's Souls
yes. when you change settings, it saves them to two files: skyrim.ini and skyrimprefs.ini. MO2 has its own ini files though, which you can access by clicking the "tools" button in the upper part of MO2, then INI Editor. You can change settings there. {BethINI} also works for a more accessible approach, just remember to set your MO2 INI path in its settings.
Can you provide a source? As far as I know they are descendants of Gwyn's family by Gwynevere. The only dragon-like beings are Oceiros and Ocelotte, and that's because he turned himself into that because of his obsession with Seath's research and the dragons.
What's also interesting is that Vendrick probably could have used the Throne of Want to link the First Flame, but he didn't. He likely knew it wasn't a definitive solution, but he was so strong that linking the Fire would have stopped the curse for a good amount of time, and prevented the fall of Drangleic after the war with the Giants. He's an interesting and conflicted character, who probably thought he was doing the right thing, but ended up mentally broken.
I think it's more likely that there was a conflict there which led to the destruction of most of the area.
Another explanation could be that he gets resurrected like the Unkindleds in order to work for the Gods/Lothric's royal family.
He stated in interviews that he mostly worked on stuff like Dks2's budget, what ressources to allocate, or the deadlines to follow. It doesn't seem like he had a lot of input on the game, and that it was never his intention to give directions for it. Also, Miyazaki was producer from the start of the project. He was nominated president only in 2014, so two years after developement started.
my experience says otherwise, on PC using the delicate string I got no invasions outside of the belfries. I was always human too.
yeah, backstabs are easier to use in 2 than 3. there's also the fact that 50% of people still don't understand how they work and just try to turn around or keep attacking.
- hitboxes are overall alright, but the game has a lot of phantom range that varies depending on the player's connection. so a laggy player with a spear can seem to have an incredible reach. you'll get used to it, the most important thing is properly timing your rolls. - tracking is useful for smaller weapons, and for ultras it depends on the attack. for a lot of ultra weapon attacks you'll want to learn manual aiming instead. when you get used to it you can get some good control on it. also, playing unlocked give you better movement speed and control. good players only lock on when needed and unlock as soon as they want to space atttacks or retreat. - some animations do mix into others, and some don't. for example, using a running attack will usually speed up your next attack by a small amount, and r1s almost never combo into r2s.
I think it's more fair to compare Dks2's bosses with Demon's Souls and Dks1. Dks3 is in a league of its own and benefited a lot from Bloodborne's gameplay changes, which led to faster paced fights with multiple phases and a large moveset.
I don't believe so, no
Not really, the main point is that you can use it for coop to match up with the players you want (it also extends soul memory summon ranges). but the community hasn't agreed on using a particular god.
