I don't understand. If Glimmer is so valuable what would a cap increase accomplish? I am out of Glimmer 100% of the time. One can never have enough materials or Raid Banners.
You may have missed the point of Last Word. Is was strictly a PvP Hand Cannon. It had a very low TTK, even when bodyshotting and was hyper accurate while hipfiring. Basically a counter to all close-range strategies. Shotgunners? Dead. Shoulder Charge Man? Dead. Shotgunners? Dead. Sidearm aficionados? Dead. Last Word user? Probably dead. Shotgunners? So dead. Ace of Spades is not a close range counter. And while this sub may have the biggest bias ever in thinking every time they get killed by Luna's it was always a 3-tap,it actually more often isn't. Last Word will blow Luna's/Not Forgotten out of the water if a 3-tap is not achieved, which is the majority of the time if someone rushes you.
Final Round people dumped 2-3 bullets on purpose and then walked around with a bodyshot Sniper. It was inarguably OP and met with heavy criticism and ultimately removed. This is essentially that. Only difference is: * It is Exotic. * You need to collect 2 more ammo before you can use it. Is that enough to offset something that was inarguably OP? It certainly helps, but I don't think so.
If the first Forge was 610 that would have been perfect actually. But it ramps up based on the wave and the boss is 630 which proved a little much for us.
Another person who doesn't get it. No one is saying we should be able to complete endgame content day one. We are saying we should have something new to play on the day we bought DLC. There is literally nothing new to play until we grind up which will take one or two weeks depending on who is playing. You don't 'really get the complaints'. You're misrepresenting them.
It's this simple: don't release content I can't play yet if that is the only content you have to offer. Dreaming City was too high level, but there was other stuff to play. The only thing available day 1 was Forge and it is unplayable. That is a dumb decision.
&gt; You aren’t supposed to be instantly ready for it This is precisely the problem. It would be an acceptable excuse if we were talking about Forge specificially. But we're talking about the entire DLC and Bungie tells us 'you're not supposed to be able to play it yet' to the entire content drop. As I said, Dreaming City, Escalation Protocol etc. being too high was fine because there was other stuff to play. There isn't here. You pay 35 bucks for a waiting room.
There is no Black Armory content to play.
I really don't care how you try to spin it. Any new content should have a proper progression and some way of playing at least some of the new stuff. 'It isn't an expansion' is not a get out of jail free card that allows you to get away with whatever you want. If new paid content comes out and the progression is bad and I can't play any of it, then criticism is completely valid. In other words, it is not an expansion, but this 'season of content' is terribly executed.
You completely miss the point. No one is saying the content is bad. People are saying it is bad that we can't play the content. It's absurd you try to dismiss this criticism as 'sensitive and needy'. It's like you're missing a sense of worth. No content to play on day one? Sign me up! Tell me something, if the first Forge was immediately playable at 610 or so, would you have come here and complained that it was playable already and they should have made us grind for a week before we could access it? No, you wouldn't have. You're being defensive. There is nothing wrong with paying for something and expecting it has a reasonable progression.
Don't respond to people if you do not bother reading a single sentence they wrote. This is **NOT** in any way shape or form the same as Escalation Protocol, because we could actually play other Warmind things in that DLC. We can't here. If you buy Black Armory you are playing Forsaken and nothing else on day 1. What exactly is the problem with being able to play **some** Black Armory stuff on day 1? Whether that be a new Strike or 2, a quest line or whatever? Why gate the entire DLC behind a week grind of old content?
I haven't seen those complaints to be honest. I've only seen people say it isn't worth 35 bucks to not get access to anything day 1. A lot of the criticism is being misrepresented lately and I don't know why.
No one is saying it is impossible. It just isn't possible for most people and there should be some content to play day 1 which there wasn't really. Congrats that you did it at 601 Power, but that's like saying Last Wish was 'very easily accomplished' at 550 on day 1. Just because something is possible doesn't mean it is properly balanced. When you release new things you'll want a progression to them. Black Armory's progression was to not play it and play Forsaken instead. It would have been nice if the first Forge was accessible as a 'reasonable' activity that everyone at 600 could play.
What you choose to name it doesn't matter. It launched poorly. Saying it isn't a DLC doesn't change that.
Yeah, sometimes I do need a bream before I can cream but I hear that happens to everyone.
I also completed it before the nerf not using any Power Ammo in wave 1 or 2. It is the way to go about it, though it is a bit of a bummer you can't use Heavy at all in regular rounds.
Final boss is 625 now. Was 630 before.
New content came out and it was so high Power that most people would have to keep playingnold content for a while to grind up before they could play it. It was the only content to play from the new stuff that came out so people had no alternative thing to play that was new. Upset people. Bungie decreased the Power requirement for that activity about 24 hours later. Quick response.
Man, the fact your Peacekeepers suggestion does not sound OP at all really shows how lackluster SMGs and Sidearms are.
Not sure what you are trying to accomplish by tagging me in your message. I am aware that liking a videogame is an opinion and that it can differ from person to person; in case you were thinking I was trying to speak for everyone.
Will there be matchmaking for the multiplayer emotes?
I agree overall, but there are some good looking sets. Forge armor looks good. Dreaming City as well. Unfortunately all the Titan Eververse armor looks straight up fantastic. Bit disappointing it is not earnable though.
How often are you actually getting three tapped by Luna's though? It happens, but definitely not most of the time. I feel like people see Luna's killed them in the feed and immediately come to the conclusion they didn't stand a chance, even though they got 4 or even 5 tapped.
That's inaccurate. When skill based matchmaking was tight in Destiny 1, the better you were the smaller the pool of potential opponents was. When the pool of available players is that small, you get matched to people from across the world. When you are in Europe and get matched with people from Brazil, the game lags like crazy. You do have a point though, on top of significantly increased lag, it just isn't fun to have to queue in a full stack of killers. Because if you don't you get stomped. Say what you will about Quickplay all you want, but you really are not going up against 6-stacks full of killers every game. That is exaggeration. It's one in five at most, one in ten on average. And SBMM made sure it was every single game. That just isn't fun. And there should be room for good players to relax as well. It's really lame to want to quarantine them off from everyone else. They are in a minority. Clearly. The entire argument rests on the fact these people are way better than average, so getting matched against them every single game is literally impossible.
Does this mean you found a place that has non-incest porn? Seems like a myth at point.
Yes
I completed the Forge but no new weapon frames (sniper, shotgun) available at Ada-1. Is this also a bug? I see people with the shotgun around.
?
Makes sense. Thanks.
Facemissile Titan here. I got 10+ melee kills per melee. 75 kills is low requirement for melees. Needs buff.
Not making Heroic =/= Not knowing how to make Heroic. Burning the boss is 10x faster than doing the Heroic and the Heroic only nets 1.5x rewards. 10x more time dedication for 50% increase in rewards is approximately 500% less rewards than reasonable. I can obtain at least 5 Ghost Fragments in the 3+ additonal minutes it takes to complete the Heroic, so why do you expect me to forgo obtaining those 5 to get 1 extra one out of the event?
Yes, I did make it Heroic for that. But outside of that why would you ever?
This x1 million. I lucked out and the guy spawned the second I did and got it immediately, but even reading that quest step pissed me off. *'Wait in one spot to progress this quest. Also, other people in the area will try to hamper your progression'* always has been a terrible idea. I was on mic with some clan mates who were a few steps behind me and some of them waited for 40 minutes before they finally got credit. Apparently damaging them a little doesn't necessarily count.
Good clarification. That's even worse though.
Devil's Advocate, fueled by honesr curiosity as I do not know too much on this subject: does it actually help to ban animated japanese cartoons that look like teens? As in, does it prevent actual pedophiles from doing pedophile things? Because if it doesn't what is the point in banning it? Appearances? The extend of my knowledge on pedophelia was catching a documentary in the background while doing something else. I seem to recall hearing that 'simulated' child porn, where it doesn't involve a real child, was used as additional treatment options for pedophiles in care. Wouldn't this fall under that? Again, I honestly do not know much about this so this is a genuine question.
I was there too. I discovered it is a very small, extremely small vocal minority that are actually just misandrists disguising themselves as feminists. It made me dislike feminism. It took some time but I discovered I disliked an entire group of people to which I actually belonged because I associated it with these few that poisoned it. I think the problem with 'gamers' is that they never go outside to meet people, so they never discover this. They just keep believing those couple of haters speak for all women. Just like all racism and other discrimination: people hate that which they never are in contact with.
I like how this bot doesn't give a shit about the context of the posts and just keeps on shitposting.
Yeah, the problem is when people try to equate her behavior to his, or suggest hers inspired his. She threw some non-harmful stuff at him. He could've talked to her about how he doesn't like that. Instead he smacks her in the face. It's pretty absurd to defend. It's like people are looking for excuses to cross the line. What's next? Defending a rapist because the lady said a mean thing to him once?
Intonation lacking. If he was smart, he would know that and clarify. He is relatively smart and not clarifying so I am guessing he is serious.
/uj Is he seriously trying to portray playing a game as some intense world-saving important action that requires understanding and support from those around them?
Of course it would be this simple. Their welcome indeed.
There is more to the game than Crucible. There are no Supers to shutdown in PvE. Acrius has nothing unique over regular shotguns there other than multishot potential when targets are super close to each other. That's hardly worth Exotic status **and** moving it to the Power slot.
That's not the philosophy they use. Exotics should feel Exotic in both modes of play. Colony is widely considered a pvp Exotic. Yet, you probably ran it when Prestige raids said you needed to equip a Grenade Launcher, because as grenade launchers go, it is great in PvE. It's not like shotguns are not great in PvE like grenade launchers were back then, it is Acrius specifically that underperforms. Imagine if Whisper of the Worm did not have White Nail. Fine right? Because it is still the most powerful sniper in Crucible? Acrius needs love. There's no reason it shouldn't. The argument that it is supposed to suck is a bad one in my opinion.
Of course, I understand that part of this. I was more wondering about beyond that.
&gt; “So...not number one?”. What kind of person responds like this? Bet that dick never did anything remotely as impressive.
Meaningless opinions of people that don't matter and will never get a girlfriend anyway, let alone have kids.
/uj I really like how this game looks. The colors are nice and a cool contrast to dudes with guns.
I knew both, but have trouble putting them together in context of this meme. What's it have to do with gaming journalism?
Hope I don't get flamed to death for this, but isn't it true that The Last of Us' represatation of Ellie being gay is way more meaningful and tasteful than the typical Japanese teen lesbian stuff? Isn't the meme correct then? I feel like I am missing something.
XP grind is so boring though, and the loot pool is so massive you have very little control over what to hunt for even if you play daily. For example, if we made a list of specific armor perks, want to bet I can get that set from literally anywhere (except maybe Forge looks like) before you can from Eververse specifically? You just can't realistically play for that stuff.
Armor that isn't locked to mobility.
Mine has Feeding Frenzy and Rampage (also Appended Mag). Grinded the Forge a lot for it, but this is the roll. Happy with it.
The difficulty was not the problem. Forge was ass-easy even 5-10 Power below level. The problem was being 25-30 Power below level. Tge game is quite literally designed to be played on the actual level of the activity. This is what they design around. Now, that doesn't mean below level is a huge issue, just means that by design, it is challenging. 25-30 Power below however, is so significantly lower that you crossed into the lower half of underpowered. This, by design, is literally not the way you're meant to play the game. It is a significant handicap that you can choose to run if you want. Problem is, we couldn't choose. Everyone was forced to play the content this way that was, by design, intended only for Tom Toptier. There is no problem with having content for him specifically no matter how small his group is, the problem is there was nothing but that. Entire DLC, content drop, cycle, whatever you want to call it locked behind it. Just as a note, don't anyone try to even tell me I am supposed to run old content first. That's literally an admittance of terrible progression balancing. The way proper developers make content that is actually fun, which is the intent of videogames you crazy people who seem to forget this, is to let the average player play at least some of it. Do you see Dark Souls sequels start their game off with a gruesome boss that takes veterans all their focus to beat? Fucking no. It ramps shit up like any competent game does, despite knowing and admitting it was made for veterans who already played the game gray. **Edit**: Also, just to note, I've think Black Armory is fantastic. Especially when I consider it launched Thursday when I was 610ish. Before that, it sucked. Next time they should start us off there instead. Skip the sucky bit. Put in an optional modifier for Tom Toptier to keep him happy. That's totally cool.
A Linear Fusion is good. Sleeper if you can unequip your Malfeasance. All your Heavy + Chaos Reach/Blade Barrage/Hammer Strike should kill him.
It's not random. You get a weapon from the pool you choose. Dreaming City will yield Dreaming City weapons. Go Figure comes from Destination Bounty.
Even de external LFGs are not fantastic to be honest. One of the reasons I set up my own clan was so I would not have to deal with LFG anymore. I still do it from time to time just to check in and I can tell you there are two different ways to play a raid. There is 'doing the raid' and then there is 'doing the raid the LFG way'. The latter is always done using a popular strategy. Not a good strategy per se, not an easy one, not a straight forward one, not the best one, not the most fun one, not the most logical one; just... The popular one. As someone who consistently raids with clan mates and sister clans, I can tell you LFG ways rarely make sense. I give you an easy example: Riven Cluster strat. No one actually knows how to do Riven the legit way. And for what reason? Some dude showed Clusters can work and people just picked it up. It is infinitely slower to complete than actually doing it legit, it is RNG based, it is way too much of a hassle and it isn't actually any fun. Riven is such a cool encounter and if people just learned what to do it would be over faster, waaaaay more consistently (you'll get it first try often and when you don't it is because of hilarious mistakes that make everyone laugh) and more importantly, is just a lot more satisfying and fun. Riven is a super obvious example, but every raid has something like this. A hyper inefficient convoluted strat that really makes no sense. It's like people building their own shitty flimsy shoes from random crap lying around because they are too intimidated of the prospect of learning to tie their shoes. Thing is, it isn't actually that hard to learn to tie your shoes and once you can do it, you can do it so easily every other time afterwards.
I'm OK with this, because I still wouldn't run it probably. I like my Dragonfly + Rampage Trust way too much. I will say I want Exotic rocket launchers buffed in PvE. I love Wardcliff and I love Twin-Tailed, but their potential is so low due to the 5 reserves.
&gt; I am getting 2-shot by Luna's Confirmation bias is a strong thing. People seeing Luna's in the kill feed and think they didn't stand a chance because it could have 3-tapped them, even though they got 4 or 5 tapped. Record a game. Witness how few times you get 3-tapped. I did. I get 3-tapped in Competitive quite often, but Quickplay? Rarely.
Not even. Magnificent Howl disactivates after a kill. So it was 2 headshots without killing, then 2 headshots on someone else.
You're lying. I get why, you want your frustration to be as valid as possible. Unfortunately, you are not getting 3-tapped 100% of the time like you claim.
Yes, you are at a disadvantage if your opponent is better than you. I never claimed you weren't. Trust is not a top tier weapon. Complaining how it should win under conditions prime for another weapon to win is nonsense. That't like saying shotguns are bullshit because snipers don't counter them. In close rsnge primary fights, Luna's wins if the wielder has 100% accuracy. That is how it is and should be. 90% accuracy and your effectiveness drops from top tier to bottom tier.
Yes, that works too. However, that argument is not showing how Luna's is OP. Because it revolves around people gimping themselves. Running 4 resilience or less is like running Iron Banner at 500 Power. It is a super obvious bad idea.
&gt; I dont play PVP outside of when I have to. That much is obvious. &gt; Am I right in saying that the perk is landing 2 body shots equals a 1 shot headshot? I keep track of how many times I get killed by a precision kill by Lunas, it is not very often at all. But I do die in 3 shots. And here is why. You don't seem to understand how the perk works. 2 crits in short succession in a row triggers Magnificant Howl. So yes, I can get a bodyshot kill on you with my third hit provided the first two were hitting you in the face. &gt; Ive gotten so used to the sound of that gun that I can predict when Im gonna die. This is exactly where your confirmation bias kicks in. You hear that sound and think it will and did 3-tap. Record a few games in Quickplay and look back to see just how often you are getting 3-tapped. To your surprise, it will be somewhere in the 20-50% of the time range, depending how bad you are at movement. If you stick your head out on head level around corners, yeah, you're going to get 3-tapped more often.
This is so not true in the slightest. Whenever Mayhem is a weekly playlist, people on my friends list are all playing Quickplay, Rumble or Competitive. I imagine Mayhem is fun for people that don't like PvP, but contrary to what you think, lots of people do.
And I can't be the only one that sees these are not actual petitions.
I don't know any men like the ones you describe either. Not to say they don't exist, but you're portraying your anecdote as if it applies to all.
This be honest, Nova Warp needs a smaller radius. It currently has damage, radius, mobility, armor, duration and survivability. Pretty much everything. Something needs to be cut a little and I think radius is reasonable.
According to Reddit, I 2-tap everyone.
Mostly New Age Black Armory and some of the Scourge Raid shader.
Mostly New Age Black Armory and some of the Scourge Raid shader.
You have more experience not knowing things though, which ironically means you know a lot more
They do. You have a small chance of getting the curated version of a weapon, which is Masterwork Level 10, and any piece of gear drops between Level 1-5 Masterwork randomly. You can quite frequently obtain an Enchancement Core from dismantling gear. 7 for the curated ones.
You mean armor. Gear = weapons + armor. It only cost 5 Cores to Masterwork armor in Y1 and you only got 1-2 for dismantling. It now costs more than that and you receive more Cores for dismantling. I don't think they can do a 1:1 droprate as you saw then if they want to keep Cores as a rare resource.
You edited your post after I replied to say 'armour' instead of 'gear' like it did originally. You're just lying to yourself now. While you're at it, you might as well edit your first reply to me since that still says gear: &gt; I mean specifically gear. I know the curated weapons are masterworked but in year 1 armour dropped FULLY master-worked in the Prestige raids. Either way, I wasn't really looking to get into an argument over semantics. I don't disagree curated armour could be part of the loot pool. But you shouldn't see it as often as you used to in Y1.
I was just replying to what you said in a normal manner and you got offended for some reason, went ahead and edited your post to make it seem like you said nothing inaccurate just for the sake of having an argument. I was just replying. That's all.
I should have known better than try and be reasonable with someone that edits their own post so they can pretend they didn't say what they said. It looks like these types of immature replies are all I can expect.
I didn't argue against that. I just said you couldn't expect the same drop rates for it.
Precision Throwing Knives can travel so far though, and the critbox is massive. Handheld Supernova is clearly strong, but at least its range is limited.
Interesting idea, that might work.
The people who are upset by this were probably the same ones posting how they would 'avenge Cayde!' before Forsaken came out. Also probably the same ones who never actually understood Uldren was being puppeted. If people say it 'defeats the purpose of Forsaken', then they actually thought Forsaken story was nothing more than killing Uldren. In which case I would congratulate you on knowing 5% of the story, but I really think you should know something about the other 95% as well.
It's a bit of a cop out to say you can farm for it, when the resulting time dedication is so unreasonable not even 1% of the playerbase could do it. It is also possible to roll a 6 on a die 30 times in a row. That doesn't mean rolling dice until you get that outcome is actually a reasonable thing to argue for as a possibility. Basically, for all intends and purposes, it's just not possible. The Eververse armor is not just cosmetic, it is useless because it will never have the perks you want.
While I agree to some extend, you mention very specific situations that just weren't anything but proper criticism. Waiting for a guy to spawn for example. It just isn't fun to wait around doing nothing **and** not be credited once the guy does spawn because someone melted him in less than a second. The post that was on the front page had valid criticism on that, and you are making it sound like he attacked Bungie personally. They didn't, they just said it how it was: it isn't fun and it feels bad. The core of your message is absolutely correct, but the specific things you mention just make it seem like you hate it when people do not sugar-coat things.
No. * Reduce the price of random mods to 3 Components. * Add a Bashee quest that unlocks a Mod Crafter in your inventory. * Add recipes for all mods with various resource costs. Example: Super Mod for 50 Legendary Shards, 20.000 Glimmer, 5 Mod Components.
You're missing the part where other armors are actually viable to have the perks you're going for. Equipping Eververse armor means you are forgoing that. Ornaments are cosmetic only. Eververse armor is not just cosmetic it also has significant drawbacks. Theoretical possiblity really is meaningless though. That's like saying it is okay to gate Luna's Howl behind being the #1 player on the Glory leaderboards. Yes, it is possible but that really is a weak argument when it is defined like that.
I am not opposed to reducing sniper flinch, but I have to say I am not having a hard time sniping in PvE.
Wait, did he? I watched him stream quite a few times and he seems to be an okay dude. He schooled his younger viewership about language and attitude in school as well when I was watching. What did he do that was so awful?
Every person starting their post with 'Title' is starting to get annoying. Just write what you were going to say. Don't start your post by pointing me to something I clearly already read, otherwise I wouldn't be in this thread. I'm going to go sent out a bunch of Christmas cards that say 'Merry Christmas!' on the cover and I'll write: 'Read the cover' in them. Of course I'll order these cards first, so after filling out my address in the form, I'll use the additional notes section to write: 'Check the form for my address'. **TL;DR**: ^ post.
That does sound shit, I haven't heard of that. When was this?
To clarify if I understood you correctly: he doesn't want to stream with women because it makes his wife upset? Well, that's a poor relationship.
I have several Masterworked armor sets, but I only Masterwork gear when they are perfectly rolled. Quite easy to obtain for most armor sets. I don't think Masterworking armor is that useful, but it's more like, I might as well. I have all these Cores anyway. As much as I like seeing the number go up, hovering around 100 is fine enough so if I get higher than that I start Masterworking things.
/uj Any time I hear a quote from CDPR it makes me cringe. 'We leave greed to others'. Ugh, please. Only a few years before this you said Witcher 2 is not and never will be possible on consoles as they are poor imitations of actual gaming rigs or something stupid like that. Then Microsoft gave you a stack of cash and suddenly Witcher 2 was on Xbox as if it was a miracle. And then you admitted Witcher 3 wouldn't have happened at all if it weren't for consoles. They and their shitty PR guy who tweets out nonsense like that on a regular basis come across as arrogant dicks. I'm not impressed by their games as of yet. I really liked the first Witcher, but then the series got more and more away from preparing before battles to the point where you now just chuck health potions during battles in W3, while in gameplay that can only be described as combat under invisible water. Gameplay in the first wasn't that amazing, but at least it worked. Then there is their whole reason for having nudity in Cyberpunk. Listen, I like naked ladies and dudes as much as anyone and I don't mind them in videogames either, but the whole 'we need nudity because of how mature our story is' thing just seems like another bit of nonsese so far. The scenes I've seen can absolutely be done without any nudity at all without detracting anything. By all means have them be nude so it looks hot. I like it. Just don't lie about it.
Not true. I am in the top% of playtime, I scan this reddit on a daily basis. No one asked for infusion to be harder. Just for the Power grind to be longer and more satisfying.
They are nobodies, have no voice and realize it. Then act out because the internet allows them to scream. The dude knows his opinion is meaningless and he can't make a difference, so he overcompensates.
I... Hm. I feel like it is a bit more complicated than that.
With you there. Especially the comment shown.
Heaven help us all? No wonder he is in power.
&gt; This comment is what our community is about. If only this was actually the case.
Unlikely at this point. They said they were still deciding what to do with it. Could be a Remaster, but also just a port or a new game. However, they require EA's permission to put anything out. EA is revolted by Remasters so it seems unlikely.
If it is that bad when they are broken up, it would be unmeasurably worse if they tried to stay together.
Operation Understanding Probability Rescue and extract wrotdawg who has been captured and held hostage by Confirmation Bias Aliens!
Yes
An example would have been nice. I can't think of anything that goes away outside of the Dawning machine gun. But... Who cares? It's just a worse Hammerhead.
Can you guys produce an actual example instead of gear 'going away forever'? I assume we are talking actual gear and not cosmetics here. In which case they are all still in the game. You guys go off about gear being removed, the least you can do is tell us which ones because I am coming up blank.
The game actually is on consoles.
I really hope for your sake you're &lt; 17 years old.
Nah, just keep it to Auto Rifles but buff it another way. Like the refill counting as a reload for perk activation purposes. Now that would be strong. What they should do is buff Khepri's Horn. That thing has been ass since always. They should also buff Armamentarium to have Ruin Wing's perk on top of the extra grenade charge. Ashen Wake is a cool idea made pointless by Fusions. Just give it the D1 Stormcaller perk. Kills with melees recharge your grenade entirely, kills with a Fusion recharge your melee. Eternal Warrior is not salvagable. An entire Exotic slot that only works during your Super and it only gives you an overshield, that's super lame. Rework it. Possibly to just give an overshield on any ability kill (any element) that recharges itself continuously for 10 seconds. Then have the shield have only 10HP in PvP or something, so it still dies to most things as usual. And holy crap, can be just make Feedback Fence good already? Getting melee hit is so rare and not straight up killing the stuff when you do is just pointless. If I get a 3x stack, I want a literal Fist of Havoc activate when getting melee hit. It should kill all the things.
Literally? Exponentially? This man might be serious.
Where did Bungie state that a certain combo would make a specific roll more likely? I read the TWAB, it sounds like the only thing you can affect is the exact weapon and its Masterwork stat. The roll, even so much is one perk, is entirely random from what I understand. And also, should't it be? 'Use this combination to get Feeding Frenzy and Swashbuckler on the Handcannon' is really not a post I want to see. Some randomness is necessary for the game's health. I think being able to choose the Masterwork and weapon itself is a good enough guarantee to incentivize grinding for the perfect roll.
Pretty sure you have no influence over the roll. The TWAB states you can dictate the weapon and its Masterwork stat, not the roll in any way. As it should be. If you could just put in a combination to get the godroll that would be kind of lame. Edit: reading your post again you could've meant just grinding repeatedly until you get the roll you want. May have misunderstood.
I suppose we'll have to wait and see, but I think 'specialization' refers to the Masterwork stat. Maybe you can only select one or two off the bat and need the upgrades for more options. I don't think they'll grant us ability to affect the roll.
/uj *'Why should it be forced?'* To show support dumbass. How idiotic do you have to be to think not showing support = acceptance? Hey dude, it's OK if you play videogames but never talk about it OK? You're forcing it on us.
1. Purifier explosion deals 6 damage. If you are aware of numbers, it isn't a risk. 2. Reinforcement pods cannot shoot upon activation. 3. Mutons cannot be part of reinforcement pods.
Like asking if you would want 100 million dollars but if you accept the money you will never get sick anymore.
Trust is still the best PvE Hand Cannon in the game. It is the only one that can roll with Drop Mag / Rampage / Dragonfly. Granted, you can't just 'go get it' to your point. Just saying whatever people believe to be the best gun is not necessarily that.
Is it not referring to the armor pieces you purchase with Bright Dust or from a bundle? Pretty sure it is. Meaning armor you obtain randomly from a level up engram will still be randomly rolled.
Mods are by definition not standard though, so when discussing something it makes sense that you discuss it from the base variables, not a mod you are using. And if you are disclose it so it's clear.
From what it sounds like the 'full armor bundle' and 'direct purchase for Bright Dust' ones will not feature random rolls, but the ones you obtain from a level up engram still will. It says 'These Armor pieces' which refers to the ones mentioned, not all of them.
I wish Unbroken wasn't divided over three separate seasons. It's such a long timegate.
It talks about Armor bundles and direct purchases with Bright Dust being specifically different from armor pieces obtained through Bright Engrams, then closes with **These Armor pieces** do not have random rolls. So yes, there will still be random rolls for armor obtained from Bright Engrams.
There will be another Bright Engram in Season 7. Whether or not it will contain armor I suppose is not a fact as of yet, but I assume that it will contain possibility for Season 7 armor. Similar to you, I am also deducing this based off their comments. The part where they are saying they will offer armor bundles and direct purchases, instead of **only** being available randomly from a Bright Engram. I take this to mean the armor bundles are an addition to the Bright Engram armor drops, not a replacement. We will indeed see what the facts are soon.
I do not think we will get two engrams per level, I just think that the engram we do have will also contain armor. But we will see. I could be wrong.
The ending, as in where things left off, was perfect. The way they got there was a horrible mess however. The books won't have that issue so the ending can be amazing in the books.
That will not be the same though. There is no Night King in the books. Arya will likely end up killing some key White Walkers through assassination made possible because of Jon and the army he has raised, instead of teleporting behind the Night King conveniently. Obviously the books will have White Walkers fighting and killing fools at Winterfell. The show has emphasis on different characters than the books do. Perhaps Tormund, for example, will get whacked in the books. 3. Bran being king will make more sense in the books though. As will everything else. The show and books will not end literally the same way. It's just Daenerys being killed by Jon, Jon going beyond the Wall and Bran ending up being King while Sansa will be Queen of the North that will likely be the same. But, things like Jaime and Cersei dying might happen very differently. Perhaps Jaime will kill her. Maybe Jon chooses to go beyond the Wall himself. It made no sense Grey Worm asked his enemies what to do with the dude who killed his Queen to begin with. Grey Worm might die at Winterfell for all we know anyway. Maybe Barriston will kill him. Who knows.
Not just diversity like gamers, people who sit inside, people who don't go outside, people who don't talk to people and people who play videogames. But **forced diversity**, like brown people and... ugh... women.
&gt; feel bad about taking them for granted. This man has a point. I took women for granted as objects, but here they are now in my vidfgjfnfjwihcagames being actual characters!
Shrine of Amana is one of the best area's in the entire series. Even pre-nerf it wasn't that difficult at all. If you only so much as strafed, the sorceries literally just missed. You didn't even need to roll. Now post-nerf you can literally just walk in any direction other than the way the Soul Spear is coming from and it will miss you. This works even in the water now. I still do not know why people exaggerated back then and I sure don't now. The only fact I know is that they did. Whatever the reason may be. I bet it is a lack of awareness. Just not realizing you can move out of the way very easily. It's all on you OP. Edit: also, no, you do not need a bow.
It's a cakewalk with a bow, doesn't mean you need one. You can, it's fine, it's fair, all the things. But you absolutely do not need one to get through it easily. You can just make it without using much Estus with melee only. The area was never **that** hard and after the nerf it's just easy.
The title made me annoyed. Well played.
Not trying to ruin your day, but this person trained their dog to do this. In the seconds after this gif ends he will likely end up getting multiple treats for doing this.
They do not need high Will. That's XCOM Enemy Unknown and people sometimes forget it works differently in X2. Psi attack power and success rate is dictated by Psi Offense, not Will. Will determines defense against Psi attacks, so you will have less chance of success against enemies with high Will. As for Combat Intelligence, it is exclusive to War of the Chosen. If you do not own that expansion, there is no need to know. If you do, Combat Intelligence is a rating between 'Standard' to 'Above Average' all the way up to a max of 'Savant'. The higher the rating, the more Ability Points that soldier earns on promotions. Ability Points are of course used to purchase abilities for that soldier. You get one free ability on each promotion and if you want more, for example from the other tree as well, you need to purchase it with Ability Points. Generally, abilities cost more based on how strong they are and/or how far in the promotion tree they are located. Soldiers with 'Standard' Combat Intelligence can purchase only one cheap ability throughout all their promotions, while something like a 'Savant' can get at least 5 additional ones. Combat Intelligence is assigned to soldiers upon recruitment randomly. So you need to luck out to get 'Genius' and 'Savant' rated soldiers. To the point: Psi Operatives have no use at all for Combat Intelligence as their abilities are all trainable regardless of it. So it would be wise to send someone with 'Standard' Combat Intelligence into the Psi Lab for training, and save soldiers with higher Combat Intelligence like 'Genius' for a different class as opposed to vice versa.
No offense, but that is a really dumb quote. Conspiracies exist and they happen every single day. That doesn't mean everything is a conspiracy, but saying believing in them as a possibility makes you intellectually challenged is complete nonsense. Case and point: Trump interfering with investigations into Russia meddling **is** a conspiracy. Russia meddling in American elections **is** a conspiracy. These things have happened my man.
Arya said it to Sansa in the final season. Probably more fresh in memory.
Dark Souls 3's main story and most of its lore is based on, and frequently references, Dark Souls II. It is canon, clearly. Not sure who told you otherwise, but it was probably a Miyazaki fanatic who makes up his mind before knowing facts.
No, he didn't. He was salty at one point because he didn't get to work on DSII as much as he'd liked, but he has no dislike for the game itself in any sort of way. On the contrary, he had complete control over DS3 and based it almost entirely on DSII.
Not necessarily wrong to point it out, it is true the origin lies with Jon. But the hostile attitude seems over the top to me.
I have to give it to you, you're a genius. This is a fantastic way to encourage suicidal people to ~~keep living~~ commit serious crimes. It also reinforces the value of ~~life and the betterment of all ourselves~~ murder. And perhaps most importantly, in doing this we as a species will strive for continued ~~improvement, evolution and understanding~~ misery. Well done!
You might be upset to learn that in restaurants chefs touch your food all the time. For example to check if it is firm, too firm, cooked or whatever else. They don't use gloves.
He worked with the director of DSII and they shared ideas. The director stated he asked for Miyazaki's input on new ideas he had.
I do not disagree, but the shaders are better. The icons actually look how the actual shader looks now. Complete with texture and everything. In addition, color allocations have changed so you can see which part of the shader will go where. It is more consistent.
Generates Resident Evil walls.
n0w tHat aCtivIsiOn iS g0ne wE cAn geT riD of mIcRoTraNsacTionS!1 Instead they got worse. Yeah, Bungie was the problem.
People will never stop buying microtransactions. It's super basic psychology. Who is really at fault here, the people who can't help purchasing them if they are available or the company who knows this fact and exploits it? Do you have an actual solution to stop people from buying them? That doesn't exist. It is up to Bungie and they chose the predatory route.
No offense, but this is wishful thinking. Bungie will clearly make more money this way. It is a more predatory storefront now than it even already was. You guys keep denying this is psychology. You keep insisting everyone on this planet can easily resist this sale-method. Go ahead and keep denying Bungie is trying to squeeze money and pretend it won't work. Yes, it will work. The only way to change this is to tell them how horrible it is, not try to convince them it doesn't work. Their numbers tell a different story.
I am referring to the part where you try to convince them this is bad for them financially. I get the desire to do that, but make no mistake, they made this move to make **more** money off Eververse and trust that they will this way.
I really need to know if licenses are also shared across the account. Will I need to purchase everything twice?
Yeah, Activision definitely told them to not do cross-save and transmog. It totally was them. Also, making the Eververse way worse after they became independant was also somehow totally Activision's idea. And Activision would certainly never allowed them to change their content delivery method, even though their contract stated otherwise. The Activision bashing is petty. We know for a fact Bungie had the freedom to earn the money how they wished and Eververse was their own idea. Also, Forsaken and Annual Pass were both made under Activision. Arguably the best Destiny content ever made in Forsaken, and the most readily delivered with Annual Pass. You're praising Bungie for every good move they made and ignore every shit one. You bash Activision for every shit thing they may have pulled and refuse to even acknowledge the good. Fanboying if I ever saw it.
So when cosmetics are sold under Activision they are greedy fucks, but when Bungie decides to do it, and way worse, it's suddenly not required for gameplay so it shouldn't matter anyway? Outside of the obvious hypocricy, it's also a shit argument because cosmetics do matter. It's partly what the game revolves around.
Read his comments in the thread, he doesn't understand how anything works and he has no idea what Activision did or didn't do. He's just making shit up so he can bash them and pray Bungie. It's horrible fanboy attitude. All the shit that Destiny has been through started with a decision Bungie made. All of it. Vanilla, Eververse, XP gating, all the way to Annual Pass buying up front. Everything.
Activision published and marketed in exchange for a cut. They had next to no say over the creative vision of the game. Vanilla was no less than 100% om Bungie.
OP is also in the comments convincing themselves that vanilla was Activision's fault and Bungie was not to blame. Seriously absurd famboyism. I hope you reading this knows better than OP.
Same, but wouldn't mind knowing for sure so I can discuss with my clan where we raid.
Standard Above Average Gifted Genius Savant
This is good work, but I prefer the other source since it lists all the combinations to affect the Masterwork.
I get bashing Activision is all the hype, but I call bullshit. There is no way Activision forced Bungie to have double primaries, diluted loot and everything else wrong with vanilla. Including Eververse honestly, as we have seen way too many sources including Bungie themselves state it was their own idea, not forced on them by Activision. Which is further evidenced by them making Eververse more exclusive and payment oriented as their first move while independant. I believe every mistake they have made with Destiny was completely their own. Forsaken is arguably the best Destiny has ever been and it was made under Activision. It's not like Activision is against the game we all wanted, they would've allowed it from the get go. It was Bungie who messed up. The only thing I believe Activision pulled rank on was getting Destiny on Battle.net instead of Steam. But let's be honest, it worked out fine. Even something like the Annual Pass model is something Activision was willing to discuss. There is almost no chance they would be against the a la carte DLC we are going to get. On multiple occasions we've read that Activision left the method of earning money open to Bungie, they only set the bar of how much. That bar, however, I am not convinced of it being lower now that Bungie has the reigns. It's probably higher even because they have nothing to fall back on. Cross-save is also absolutely not something Activision would have prevented them from doing. I love Destiny. But Bungie has a history of playing victim to their publisher. They did it with Microsoft too. None of the changes here outside of going to Steam would have met with resistence from Activision. Don't let the improved direction fool you that it was due to oppression. Bungie fucked up with Destiny 2 themselves and Bungie is now fixing it. That stands alone from Activision.
The realm being round is a conspiracy created by Bravos.
Purchase the second perk of the rightmost set on the chalice. I believe it is called Power and Efficiency II. It grants a chance to earn 500 Imperials at the end of any Crucible, Gambit or Strike playlist match. You will also be able to buy a buff from Werner after you purchase this perk that increases this chance (limit of 3 a week though). But yeah, getting that gets you 1500 Imperials very quick, and then you will passively gain +500 every so often. Otherwise, you are tied to the weekly lockout and Triumphs. So next week when you earn more Imperials, get that perk first.
I understand if, due to balancing, they don't want to leave it completely open, but surely we can get more depth than we do now. If I want to be a Sunbreaker, I can choose between Sunspots, Big Hammer or shoulder charge. Surely I can be allowed to pick the throwing hammer whilst still using Sunspots. If I am Warlock man, why not allow me to have the air dash while using Well of Radiance? Why can't I blink in my Super when I have Arc Buddy rifts? Maybe not every option needs to be on the table, but certainly more should be. Or they are not serious about giving more customization.
I don't mind the change, but you get less Enhancement Cores a day now. Scrapper Bounties were not inconsistent. I'd like to see proof of someone playing for 2 hours and not getting at least three. I play a lot, not denying it. But on a day of 4 hours of play I got around 6-7 Scrappers.
I placed a Rally Banner at the entrance and the two encounters after. I did not at the third encounter and half my team proceeded to shoot the Rally Banner spot. Fuck off.
'Looks don't matter for real love'. Their profile pictures are of trees or mountains or inspirational quotes. None of themselves.
You're describing perfectly why the term is bullshit. It's part of 'regular' attraction already. As if heterosexuals, bisexuals and gays are attracted to people who don't like to converse or show intelligence on the same level (or higher) than them. It boils down to everyone is a sapiosexual, therefor no one is.
The first two sentences are not completely untrue. Lots of people cheat. Way more than most people realize I think. The rest of his post is garbage though.
/uj as perfect and funny as this one is, I am so sad we indirectly trash Keanu now.
Legion ties in thematically with Brexit. Haven't checked, but it probably casts Brexit in a poor light. Ensue rage.
/uj To be fair, this person is probably just an adolescent. They'll grow out of making inappropriate comparisons before they hit 30. I made comparisons to Hitler all the time when I was an adolescent. Not because I thought the thing I was comparing it to was so evil and heathenous, but just because I had limited experience and knowledge both and it was the easiest example to take of something bad.
You were joking in that post right? The latter part of it I mean. This isn't a hostile question, genuinely curious.
To be fair, I bet most dudes 50-100 years from now would from time to time. They'll (hopefully) grow up in a society where any gay experience isn't looked down upon anymore and so they'll more freely consider it. Lot of research shows that an extreme minority of people is exclusively straight. Most are 'mostly straight' and then would dabble in the occasional gay encounter. I'm not afraid to say I am like that, but I am still tempted to say 'I am not afraid to say' before I say that. I can tell this to friends and stuff, but it still isn't something you can just go and be open and honest about. People like to judge.
(the dude is so obviously trolling though)
'It's a joke'. Nice defense. Too bad it's a shit joke. Good for highlighting how pathetic and entitled gamers can be though.
/uj It's generic, uninteresting and super typical boxart, but it's a little presumptious to assume it is more than exactly that: just marketing. Short brown haired white dude holding a gun is more often than not just target demographic advertising in videogames. It's generic, it's tired, it's uninteresting, but it's advertisement.
Sure, but it's a videogame. They often draw things to an extreme so that an excuse exists to shoot stuff. Like, Trump is the president of the US born out of conspiracy with Russian assistance. We also do not see nuclear loaded Metal Gears walking about.
When you focus test boxart, 'short brown-haired white dude holding a gun' usually comes on top as most successful advertisement to draw people in.
O
While I do not disagree with the title, Missile Titan is the best class in the entire game and it is absurd how no one realizes it. You literally cannot die, you don't need any ammo and you get your Super literally every 20 seconds. Sure, the Super has low DPS, but it's not a DPS class, it is a slayer. And damn it if it isn't the best at it. Missile Titan shreds in raids because it can hold any area by itself and murder everything faster than anyone else. I absolutely agree they do not have, but do need, team abilities though. But as a Missile Main who always places top kill counts and lowest deaths of equal skilled teammates I needed to say this.
* Ward of Dawn creates large Orbs of Light as it takes damage. Damage threshold is significantly higher in PvP. *Basically, 'accidental' damage in PvP will not spawn an Orb. Otherwise, only clumsy players would ever allow this to activate in PvP.* * Grenade, Melee and Class ability energy regenerates significantly faster while standing inside Ward of Dawn (3 seconds). Regeneration is slower in PvP (10 seconds). *Grenades only recharge in Ward of Dawn. It is sketchy as a defensive Super at best. Now it is a little defensive but also a little offensive. Still not as dangerous as most Supers, only in specific circumstances. This should be OK.* * Ward of Dawn feeds off destruction, increasing its default lifetime as it takes damage. This effect has diminishing returns. *Again, only clumsy players would allow it to last longer in PvP.* * Code of the Protector exclusive: Summoning a Barricade grants 'Defensive Position' for a few seconds. While Defensive Position is active, Barricade has significantly increased health and rapid kills (2+) grant you and nearby allies an overshield. Active Overshields reduce the cooldown of Barricade. *Nice synergy for PvE, hard to proc in PvP as you're on the clock.* * Banner Shield does not consume Super energy while blocking completely stationary (no moving, jumping or other actions), to a maximum of 30 seconds. Blocking damage with Banner Shield increases the effectiveness of Weapons of Light. * Ursa Furiosa rework: Blocking stationary with Banner Shield for a short time (5 seconds) now leaves a Banner Remnant behind for half the blocked duration. Banner Remnants act as a Banner Shield in the exact location and direction they originate from. *So you can block off a zone in PvP, by doing absolutely nothing. That's OK everywhere except maybe Countdown which is ass.* * Defeating multiple enemies (2+) with a single Ballistic Slam use reduces its cooldown (to 15 seconds). Defeating powerful enemies with Ballistic Slam grants health and starts health regeneration. * Inertia Override now also grants melee energy based on the ammo type it is used on. (White = 25% reduction, green = 50% reduction, purple = 100% reduction. 5%, 10% and 20% respectively in PvP). *Just tweak the values, it's fine. If you get multiple kills with Ballistic Slam somehow in PvP, you did good. Rare. Health regen can literally not proc in PvP as it is limited to PvE enemies.* * Burning Maul damage increased to be more in line with top end damage dealing Supers. *Who cares? One shots in PvP already anyway.* * Upon reaching the end of its lifetime, Throwing Hammer now returns to the wielder provided there are no objects on its trajectory. If so, it will explode instead. * Ashen Wake rework: Throwing Hammers and Fusion Grenade explosive delays are instant. Throwing Hammer hits prime targets for 5 seconds. Fusion Grenades detonate 5 times in rapid succession when connecting to prime targets. *Literally doesn't matter in PvP. Ashen Wake will now be potentially strong in PvP as you can get your Hammer back consistently, but its lethality remains the same. Throwing Hammer + Fusion would have always killed. Also, Maul isn't exactly a top tier class in PvP so it being stronger should be fine.* Just some random ideas.
No one is saying they need to be nerfed. I also think Well of Radiance should have a different usecase than Bubble. Well is a literal safe and DPS zone, so Bubble should be something like a Super/Ability recharge haven. Or perhaps ammo or something. I don't think Blessing/Weapons make sense because it will just mimic Well, which would be lame.
You do not. I was not and got the drop. Also, my Pursuits tab was full but luckily it went to my Postmaster. Looks like that issue is fixed. Edit: happened again on my third drop. Also went to Postmaster. Definitely fixed.
Will I be able to purchase Shadowkeep on PS4 and then also own it on PC? Or do I need to purchase it again? I really want this answered.
There is only one season pass. I get where you are coming from when you did this. It is unfortunate they call their DLC drops 'seasons'. But it's just that: a name. It doesn't mean each DLC has its own season pass. A season pass is a purchase to access multiple DLC's that are to be released in the future (usually all of them). Forsaken had one season pass for example. One price, three DLCs. Shadowkeep will also get three DLCs. You can purchase them a la carte or all of them together. The former is just that: a la carte, the latter is a season pass.
Cross-posting from.another thread. Someone posed the question how to buff Titans without making them OP in PvP. I came up with this: * Ward of Dawn creates large Orbs of Light as it takes damage. Damage threshold is significantly higher in PvP. *Basically, 'accidental' damage in PvP will not spawn an Orb. Otherwise, only clumsy players would ever allow this to activate in PvP.* * Grenade, Melee and Class ability energy regenerates significantly faster while standing inside Ward of Dawn (3 seconds). Regeneration is slower in PvP (10 seconds). *Grenades only recharge in Ward of Dawn. It is sketchy as a defensive Super at best. Now it is a little defensive but also a little offensive. Still not as dangerous as most Supers, only in specific circumstances. This should be OK.* * Ward of Dawn feeds off destruction, increasing its default lifetime as it takes damage. This effect has diminishing returns. *Again, only clumsy players would allow it to last longer in PvP.* * Code of the Protector exclusive: Summoning a Barricade grants 'Defensive Position' for a few seconds. While Defensive Position is active, Barricade has significantly increased health and rapid kills (2+) grant you and nearby allies an overshield. Active Overshields reduce the cooldown of Barricade. *Nice synergy for PvE, hard to proc in PvP as you're on the clock.* * Banner Shield does not consume Super energy while blocking completely stationary (no moving, jumping or other actions), to a maximum of 30 seconds. Blocking damage with Banner Shield increases the effectiveness of Weapons of Light. * Ursa Furiosa rework: Blocking stationary with Banner Shield for a short time (5 seconds) now leaves a Banner Remnant behind for half the blocked duration. Banner Remnants act as a Banner Shield in the exact location and direction they originate from. *So you can block off a zone in PvP, by doing absolutely nothing. That's OK everywhere except maybe Countdown which is ass.* * Defeating multiple enemies (2+) with a single Ballistic Slam use reduces its cooldown (to 15 seconds). Defeating powerful enemies with Ballistic Slam grants health and starts health regeneration. * Inertia Override now also grants melee energy based on the ammo type it is used on. (White = 25% reduction, green = 50% reduction, purple = 100% reduction. 5%, 10% and 20% respectively in PvP). *Just tweak the values, it's fine. If you get multiple kills with Ballistic Slam somehow in PvP, you did good. Rare. Health regen can literally not proc in PvP as it is limited to PvE enemies.* * Burning Maul damage increased to be more in line with top end damage dealing Supers. *Who cares? One shots in PvP already anyway.* * Upon reaching the end of its lifetime, Throwing Hammer now returns to the wielder provided there are no objects on its trajectory. If so, it will explode instead. * Ashen Wake rework: Throwing Hammers and Fusion Grenade explosive delays are instant. Throwing Hammer hits prime targets for 5 seconds. Fusion Grenades detonate 5 times in rapid succession when connecting to prime targets. *Literally doesn't matter in PvP. Ashen Wake will now be potentially strong in PvP as you can get your Hammer back consistently, but its lethality remains the same. Throwing Hammer + Fusion would have always killed. Also, Maul isn't exactly a top tier class in PvP so it being stronger should be fine.*
Calling people children is more childish to be honest. Yes, the chance Sony especially would be up for this was basically 0. Still, consumer desires are not dictated by business plans of companies. Of course people just want to pay for the thing and then be able to access the thing how they wish. Why wouldn't they want that? It's not going to happen, but it is a totally fair thing to point out because it would make so much more sense from a consumer standpoint. Shitting all over people for this wish is hardly admirable. The chances that crossbuy will be a standard thing 15+ years from now are super high. In no small part because people are asking for it now. It already exists for practically every software that isn't videogames. They'll follow one day.
Might as well say: 'You need to do some work for us to make sure we can improve our financial success'. It's not his job bro. You should take every opportunity you can get to gather valuable feedback and improve your game. You're putting hurdles in front of people for them to help you be successful? Really? You really, truly, believe Anthem will be more than shit with this approach? So clueless. Anthem is just done. In fact, BioWare as a whole is going out of business within a few years. In interviews, they showed they learned all the wrong lessons from Anthem's failure. Going forward, they will do things such as soft launches. Literally an excuse to ship a broken game, so they can operate under the assumption it will be fixed over time. In other words, they are seeking to repeat Anthem's mistakes, but label it so they might get away with it. Fuck sake's BioWare, we want the games you used to make. Story driven, surprisingly good gameplay (ME2, 3), linear storytelling, crafted. This open world shit you are doing and the Destiny money you are chasing: you suck at it. Go back to what you actually are. But no, they'll chase this and it'll kill them. Fine.
Fuck sake's, I get pissed off just reading those example titles.
If you want to add a little Inception to this and make it even worse, check [this](https://pics.me.me/you-just-realized-that-all-ducks-are-actually-wearing-dog-2232194.png).
Machine Guns are ass on bosses though. Running a Heavy for add clear is definitely interesting, but not my personal preference.
Little confused why this got upvoted so much. Sometimes you have to carry someone through a Raid just as hard if not moreso than carrying someone through a Crucible match.
OP is Hive. Don't trust them. It looks like a Hunter, but tbagged rapidly while having dodge up, which can only be explained by being a wizard.
The report system exists exclusively as a venting tool. It doesn't actually do anything. Good thing too. Day one of Opulence I sniped going after Revoker. Someone, who wasn't used to getting sniped, reported me for cheating because I used a sniper. They send me a screenshot of having 'Cheating' selected on me and having their cursor over 'Send'. It was hilarious.
You're just salty.
Everyone here seems to agree with each other that it is ridiculious, yet it is the 'standard' now for lack of a better term, so either everyone does it even though no one cares, or people who feel differently aren't responding to this. I think it is the latter. Allow me to play devil's advocate here. I prefer it when a woman shaves. However, I do not think it is gross if she doesn't. Nor do I think it would be unhygienic. It's mostly just a preference for attraction. I do not need to be attracted to all women however. The overwhelming vast majority of women by a massive margin have likely nothing to gain from me being attracted to them. So nobody needs to feel the need to shave. It's like preferring women with long hair. There's nothing wrong with short hair, you do not need long hair for any reason other than that. Women prefer it when I shave and they prefer it when I have some facial hair. As I have curls for headhair, they also voice how much better and attractive it would look if I let it grow some. I don't think there is anything wrong with not shaving, but I do not think it is entirely fair to say there is something wrong with preferring it either.
I maintain two lists. Overall: 1. Mass Effect 3 2. Mass Effect 3. Mass Effect 2 4. Mass Effect Andromeda Gameplay: 1. Mass Effect Andromeda 2. Mass Effect 3 3. Mass Effect 2 4. the mobile game 5. the Andromeda support app 6. Quasar 7. Mass Effect
I'm very curious what an average day for you looks like where this is the thing you thought off immediately.
Why is this person getting downvoted? No judge would ever convict someone for this. No one would even press charges. Is this an American thing again? Where your law sucks so bad you just prosecute clearly innocent people?
&gt; Look at that massive, pink thing. Put some rockets in there. Apply pressure to trigger. FWOOMP, FWOOMP, trilllFWUUUUUSH kraBOUMBOUM. *happy beeping noises* I don't know how you knew I had one on my nightstand, but this is definitely something I am going to do again.
No need to take it personally. We don't prosecute people for public nudity here. Especially when brief. Especially when an accident. I am not drawing that conclusion from downvotes, I am drawing that conclusion from facts where people are convicted sex offenders for taking a piss. Or the one where you have people be registerer pedophiles when they had consentual sex with a 15 year old while they were also 15 themselves. These were real cases. American law can be absurd about nudity and sex to the point where logic is out the window.
Perhaps not intentional, but apparently not an issue for them otherwise they would have removed it already. Pretty sure they can do a server side change for the timer.
I liked how it looked, but it does look like a PS3 game tbh.
Just Cause is an open world game, it needs to render way more space and faster. It also has more demanding physics requiring more calculation.
As I said, physics. None of the games you mention come anywhere close to the complexity of its physics. That said, I am not trying to argue it would be impossible to make it look better. But every dev/game has its focus somewhere else. Just Cause 4 was never launched with the intention of being a graphical showcase. It went all in on crazy gameplay. Something like GTAV had its focus somewhere else entirely, mostly on immense detail. It is not a coincidence it looks better in that regard. Expecting a game to hit the exact highs it isn't striving for of another game is kind of silly. GTAV is poor in other area's.
I don't know, it's not my type of game to begin with, but I am a gameplay man. I can forgive a lot when the gameplay is enticing.
I would take an increase in rate of fire and ammo reserves over more in the magazine tbh. Its damage is pretty decent. It seems to deal more damage per shot to the Ogre than 1K Voices does which surprised me. Ammo is so crippling though.
Not going to say no to that as I love Two-Tailed Fox, but it wouldn't make sense thematically. It's a two tailed fox. I would prefer more ammo reserves and the Solar rocket to do more damage over time than it does now. Or linger lots longer or something. It currently feels like it doesn't do anything. Suppression is always useful though. Perhaps give it a napalm-like effect on hit.
That rips your ammo reserves. Also, going into your menu to change gear directly affects your DPS in a huge way.
Nothing.
What do you mean mainly a PC issue? It isn't. The problem is it destroys from extremely far away. Further than even Chaperone, without requiring crits and uncaring whether in your Super or not. This happens on console too. I am seeing it used and I have been shut down from absurd distances.
It was the best Destiny game ever made when Forsaken launched already tbh.
&gt; It’s a testament to their training that they rarely kill unarmed people. No offense, but this is backwards bullshit. If you see a gun where there was none, and you make the decision to murder someone who had no perceivable plan or motive to harm anyone, you fucked up. You don't deserve praise for it being the only time in 5 years you made this mistake. You're making it seem as if these types of actions are unavoidable, which is just not true. For one thing, if you claim to have seen a gun and assessed you were to die if you did not kill the person and none of that was true, you're unfit for the job in any number of ways. You either didn't see a gun and just guessed, there is no guesswork in this type of action for extremely obvious reasons. Or you actually did see a gun while there was none and you are literally seeing things that don't exist. I used to have sympathy for this type of argument and the policemen involved, but bodycam footage has really laid bare how much bullshit these excuses can be. We have seen policemen claiming they saw a gun pointed at them, while the footage showed completely unaware innocent people were reaching into their pocket for their phone. At no point was any object even remotely close to visible, let alone pointing at them, let alone a gun. I get that people can make mistakes, but you shouldn't be in that job when you do. It is a mistake in itself to think these things are not preventable.
They added them in a very recent patch actually. No more than a month or so ago.
They also said they would fully support PvP with Forsaken. Yet, they couldn't even be bothered to add the appropriate Super icons. PvP has been completely unsupported for a year after they made this promise. And with Shadowkeep, they said they'd bring a renewed focus to PvP and people are eating it up. I am not saying they did not before therefor will not now, but their word should be worth shit. People still get hyped though, cause no more Activision. As if Activision prevented them from working on PvP during Forsaken. People are too focused on 'Activision bad' to see that Bungie has not been backing up their word themselves. They have not since D1 and people still act surprised. I will bet you anything next time they won't back up their talk people will be surprised again.
Not sure where they drop from. Think a clanmate of mine got the Sunshot one from a Nightfall.
Painfully obvious why.
What does your physical prowess have to do with this?
Consider yourself stunned. Interviews have exposed that something like double primaries and removing hardcore incentives from the game were internal discussions at Bungie and had nothing to do with Acitvision in any way. Additionally, Eververse and its entire creation was purely Bungie's idea. Activision claimed, and Bungie supported, that the method of making money was Bungie's to make, they just had to reach certain amounts. Which is obvious by Eververse being the worse it has ever been right now at this very second, which Bungie changed it to when seperated from Activision. So yeah, making the game casual was Bungie and lootbox incentives were absolutely Bungie. Forsaken was completely funded by Activision. With the split, VV and High Noon studios were also split. Responsible for the only good content in Year 1, large parts of Opulence which is the best content of the Annual Pass, and the PC version which is damn near perfect. Idea to hire them came from and was paid for, by Activision. I am not trying to be an apologist here, but the facts are different than how people spin them. The only way Activision fucked Destiny is with PlayStation exclusives and forced Battle.net hosting (the latter wasn't even that bad). The only other way you can blame them for Destiny's shortcomings is by saying they didn't prevent Bungie from doing what they wanted. Year 1, Eververse, no PvP support, that's all Bungie. Heck, the idea to make portions of Destiny free to play came from Activision even. I wouldn't be surprised if First Light has its origin from an Activision proposal.
Same, many people have this issue. Across all platforms apparently.
100% stopped playing Iron Banner as soon as I saw the arms were useless and stayed gold. I want to wear the wolf arms. But no shadering, no care.
This is very, very good, but to be brutally honest: this needed to happen nearly a year ago. I really like that it is finally happening, but I can't praise the slow turn around on this.
Uhm, because Zelda is a woman? Everyone knows the default is white male. Anything that doesn't adhere to the default is forced diversity. It is time to rise up against this oppression of gender and skin color. Everyone will know we are meant to be the default! Rise up!
They can exist as supporting characters. Not playable characters. Unless their boobs are unsupported and I can play them with my penis of course. /uj for real though, dudes like this lack life experience and social understanding. Anything you don't understand you hate if you don't have any experience. What to do though. Them not going out and learning to be social will keep them like this forever.
The players are missing you then. It's lethal range is undebiably way, way further than any other shotgun.
As a Destiny player since D1 alpha, I actually really enjoy how obtuse all the descriptions are. I would hate seeing specific stats or worse, which stats are even possible. Whenever I get a new perk on a gun, I really like searching for external sources on how it actually works. If I could see all that in the game, it woulf ruin the fun. *This comment was directed by David Benihoff and D.B. Weiss.*
Thundercrash doesn't need damage. It isn't a DPS class. It is a slayer. The Super is great against adds and the melee is the best in the game for slaying adds. I have been maining Missile Titan since Forsaken and I have used it in every single Raid, Shattered Throne (including solo), Zero Hour and all other endgame activities, except Reckoning. It's the only place where it sucks. Mostly because you have to stand in a circle to progress and standing still just isn't what Missile Titan is good at. Missile Titan is the best class in the game for me. I outkill and outlive everyone both at the same time. The Super might be weak on DPS, but it's up every 30 seconds anyway. It's a slayer, not a DPS machine. I would gladly take a damage buff, not arguing it wouldn't be better. But I am arguing the class is absolutely overlooked, and I have a suspicion that people don't understand how to use it. I am far from a top 1% player and I can solo things with this class comfortably. The class is good.
Keep convincing yourself they are voluntarily being held in concentration camps.
I don't think the intent of my comment came through. You are still comparing things to nazi Germany. Really strongly think about the comparison you insist to make. If something is better than nazi Germany, it's not a problem? It's all their own fault? This is what you are implying when you make this comparison. Being better than nazi Germany is not a feat to showcase a problem is not that bad. It is the absolute lowest on the scale of humanity, you can't go lower. Arguing it isn't as bad as that proves nothing other than it must be somewhere on the inhumane scale for the comparison to even be made in the first place. To put it differently, if you were dragged out of your house right now, imprisoned and have your legs beaten raw with baseball bats that wouldn't be as bad as things were in nazi Germany concentration camps. Perhaps you understand what an absurd comparison it is for the sake of excusing it. Having concentration camps in a country like the United States in 2019 to the point of people being killed is inexcusable and inhumane. Stop arguing it's better than nazi concentration camps to excuse it.
There is a difference to making the comparison to highlight a system's flaws, and making the same comparison to excuse a system though. I can compare a serial killer's motives to Hitler's for his 'ambition', even if he 'only' managed to killed several people. That's literally millions of magnitudes less than Hitler, but the comparison could still be sensible based on his motives. It doesn't work the other way around. You could hardly say the serial killer isn't a shit person because he didn't reach Hitler's totals at all. That's not the point.
It has nothing to do with me, the way Missile Titan is designed is obviously as a slayer class. I can agree the Super is not consistent in this as the rest of the perks are however. But as it stands, the perks revolve perfectly around killing tough adds. Devastator revolves entirely around using abilities and increasing their damage. It is well suited for a DPS class. If you think one-off Supers are the only viable way to do DPS classes then you haven't met vanilla Sunbreaker. It was the DPS class for Argos for instance. Duration-based Supers can be DPS classes as well.
You start with 'I rest my case' and then proceed to act in the most childish way imaginable as you don't rest your case at all. Did you actually think you would accomplish anything with that comment? 10 bucks says as soon as you read my previous sentence you were thinking of replying with 'no, cause you're too stupid to understand the facts I am reciting'. That's how far gone you appear to be. Don't use Missile Titan. You don't like it. It's fine. Please stop lying about what it can and can't do though. It would be incredibly easy to prove you wrong on many of your points. Here's one: go into your game and try to kill an orange bar with Ballistic Slam. Just try it. Then come back here and read you said it only works on red bars and nothing else. A lie.
&gt; You got shutdown with hard facts. Thank you for this. We're all having a great laugh. You said literally the thing we bet you would. I will disengage from this now, as funny as it is, I can only laugh at you, not have a discussion. So unfortunately, I can't see your response anymore. I wish you well on pretending to be more than you are though. Sure it will work out.
Keanu Reeves is a good person, but people latching to it and overhyping it is such an internet thing to do. Watch interviews with him. Whenever people say they like or love him, it's cool. But whenever they do this shit of naming him the greatest, best, most loved, most nice guy ever, he just cringes. He doesn't like it. He thinks exactly what we think: it's being overused. The Keanu praise of that scale is a meme in itself.
What about a bowling ball store?
While I agree you don't need mountaintop (or grenade launchers at all for that matter) you can't say you can use.whatever and 2-phase it. Not just because that isn't true, but also because damage directly affects how many times you need to do a phase. If you think 95% players can do however many phases they need, you're mistaken. In general, the less phases it takes the more beneficial for groups that aren't that great. Many groups have no Revive Tokens left by the time they start their second damage phase. Stretching that to three phases by recommending to use whatever, will cause a failure. You don't need top tier meta weapons, but you need things that are good enough that your group can clear it.
The largest part of it don't. The wolfhead gauntlets on my titan remain gold no matter what you put on it. Partially not accepting shaders is just as useless to me as not accepting them at all.
You thinking your tbagging actually makes them sad and adhere to your loadout demands has to be the funniest thing.
Eh... I get the argument that if armor just moved forward you would have a perfect set in Year 3 on day 1 already, but having it not move forward is really killing my desire to chase it at this very moment. And yes, videogames could be inherently seen as a waste of time and all that, but I don't like how it feels like a waste to grind for things that are obsolete later. Year 1 to Year 2, I could accept because we went from pointless shit armor to useful armor. But again now? Eh...
I agree more counters need to be possible, however, it is difficult to balance. I don't want to have a situation where Striker is a shit Super because you need to get close to someone to kill them, and all they have to do is tap you once with a Hand Cannon, then switch to your shotgun and just pull the trigger once you get close enough.
On the other hand, being able to shutdown a melee Super with one tap of a Hand Cannon and then a shotgun blast to the face as soon as they get close might not be great either. Supers shouldn't be the braindead kills are now, but you absolutely should not be at a disadvantage when in your Super against one other player either.
I do all the roles on Missile Titan. I can swap on the fly. Again and I cannot stress this enough: you thinking you know better what happens in the raids I do than me is nothing less than nonsense. You're being elitist, not wise. You can reject it all you want and keep convincing yourself I must be lying when I say I use Thundercrash effectively. It is the truth however and if you had any sense of actually wondering about it, you'd ask to raid with me to see it for yourself. But instead, you go off like a child because I say something that doesn't line up with your opinion. Soloing Shattered Throne in the first week, beating all the raids in the first week and not a detriment to the team!? He lies! No other explanation! You think you're smart. You're being ignorant, quite literally.
I think it is fine, so long as the perk generates ammo. But it pulls it from reserves which is awful.
Partially agree. We have had meta's though, where various options were viable and nearly equally good. We definitely had meta's where several weapons (or types of weapons) all got the job done in the exact same amount of phases even when they dealt somewhat less damage. We need that. Having people ask you to put on a Spike Grenade Launcher and exactly a Spike Grenade Launcher is not healthy for the game.
&gt; I've seen this brought up a few times now, but as a D1 vet I never heard anyone complain about the Oryx fight at all. Are you serious? Perhaps it is because I don't like most of King's Fall myself, but I had no issue running into raid teams who had people in there dreading having to do the Oryx fight.
This. Give me a 'Last Match Results' when pressing up on the D-Pad after I return to Orbit after a Raid.
Sure it could. There's no benefit to having Subsistence at the moment. It seems like a perk if you want to keep firing. But at the moment it is the perk to choose if you want to be unable to fire at all.
Snipes to the head should work, if you're in a melee Super, being agile makes it very difficult for them. But when I am on Striker, the last thing I want is having to hide around corners and surprise Super people because getting in melee range makes it easier for them to take me down than vice versa.
I am not for the stomp mechanic, but it never makes sense to me that people think it shouldn't be possible on an enemy without legs. It's an energy discharge. Not a foot stomp. Just because you see one boss stomp you by slamming his foot to the floor, doesn't mean the others do as well without having their feet rendered or something. You can see most of these bosses 'gather energy' that they discharge, just like a different boss 'raises his foot' before they stomp. Yes, take this mechanic out of the game on most bosses. Agreed. But no, it does make sense.
I doubt it works like that. The easy part is designing what you'd want it to look like. The hard part is actually making that it work in the game. I'm sure there are technical limitations we don't know about and doing this would either be 1) impossible, or more likely 2) cause a ton of time to get to work and we will therefor see it sometime in the future.
Wow!
If Well of Radiance is health + damage, then Ward of Dawn should be orbs + ability regen. It's simple. Just spawn orbs based on damage taken and add very high ability recharge speed while standing in it. Perhaps tune for PvP to be lower.
Keanu Reeves is the kindest person and therefor we love him! I shall now, as my idol no doubt approves off, harrass and threathen this child for not agreeing with that! Also, I am smart! There's no way I am not.
&gt; The Solstice armor, the armor we'd spent weeks grinding for, was rendered obsolete the very next expansion. It was something that pissed everyone off It did? That can't be true can it? They said up front, before the event even started that the Solstice armor would be purely a trophy going forward and it would not be brought up to Forsaken. How were people pissed off if this was known before hand?
I'm not missing it personally, because I think bows are just a lot more fun.
If you're on PS4 you can raid with us sometime. We have no people like that.
We need to find a definition for it, but it is definitely due to watching streamers and then thinking their way is *the* way to do it. I've seen people who were upset that some people were not using a grenade launcher on Gahlran. Streamers use it, so you must use it. Like, no. You can one-phase him with many different weapons. More realistically though, you'll probably 2-phase him and you can do that with so many more different things. It's fine if you have a Linear Fusion on. It'll 2-phase.
Whenever I use Thundercrash in PvE, I definitely seem to get damage resistence while activating the Super. Whenever I am in PvP though, it seems like I do not. I cannot, for the life of me, shut down a Blade Barrage person in their activation, ever. I get a Hunter down in the red, he proceeds to press his 'Win Button' to get out of dying and kill me in the process. Meanwhile even, while cast with full health, people still three tap me by the looks of it, when I activate Thundercrash.
Ugh, that guy sounded like a douche to be honest. Either way, it is clear the recoil on console and PC is clearly not the same. It is massive on console, and extremely minor on PC. I've seen people on PC use Recluse at mid and even long range to shoot things. That's not going to happen on console. Lord of Wolves right now is an issue on PC, less on console because the recoil is different. Ace of Spades really is not great on console partly because Bloom, but also partly because the recoil is not as relaxed. You need time to readjust in between shots, whereas on PC it goes back to its default position.
I don't mind these at all. In fact, I kind of like it.
We know from interviews it was internal debates at Bungie that made D2 go full casual during vanilla. Activition being responsible for it has never been more than an excuse. Forsaken was the most deep Destiny ever was and it was made under Activision still. The game failed as a casual game and is succeeding the more depth it gets. Activision might be on a money rampage, but that means they would totally back the latter since it makes more money. I just think it's way too convenient to pin all of Bungie's mistakes on Activision. They were communicating better and better as D2 progressed already. Heck, during laser tag weekend they also put out witty and funny tweets. And that was more than a year ago now. This blog isn't new in that regard.
This seems like a nightmare to detect though.
As soon as someone shoots the Banner circle, I immediately start the encounter. Managerie is pretty easy anyway, but it's a nice bonus to deny them their demands.
&gt; How to get 100 enhancement cores per week if you no-life the game by having three characters and playing all three of them every single day with no exceptions The real title is less appealing. I like Destiny a lot, but I don't want to play every single day let alone be 'forced' to play all characters all the time.
I'm top 2% or something in playtime last I checked. The point either way was that this is not really 'how to easily get' advice. Not sure what you mean by 'not Bungie's fault' though. I have no complaints about Cores myself since I play a lot, but it's not like the magical fairy of videogameness decided how to balance Core economy and it is out of Bungie's hands.
[I am 2% still, just looked it up](https://www.wastedondestiny.com/2_4611686018434463992). [I didn't play yesterday for example](https://destinytracker.com/d2/profile/psn/Zevvion). It's not a contradiction.
Please don't respond pretending to know better if you didn't even read what I said. I said I don't want to be forced to play all three characters every day and I don't want to play every day. Then you tell me I should play every day and should just 'manage my time better' by playing all characters. Nice wits, but that's exactly what I said I don't want to do, so I am not contradicting anything.
You admit the title is inaccurate, but I am still 'wrong' because I should've known the title was inaccurate? That's such a non-argument. It doesn't invalidate anything I said. You're being stubborn because you don't want to admit you were wrong. Guess what dude, being wrong in an internet discussion is like the least important thing ever. No need to cling to it.
The ignorance seems completely yours. The person you are arguing with is made of your own assumptions. It isn't me. I never said I feel obligated to play this game. I never said I have an issue with Core economy. That's all things you fantasize I said. I only pointed out that these 'easy 100 cores a week' is not easy, nor the low-effort OP said it is. You made the rest up all yourself. By the way, if you want to argue I play the game a lot therefor should have known the title was false anyway, then I can just as easily argue anyone who has the time to gather these 100 Cores by playing every single day on all three characters already knew how to do that anyway. So OP's entire post is pointless in that case. But by all means continue arguing how your points apply to me and not anyone else, you wouldn't 'win' the highly important internet argument otherwise right?
Hardcore players don't know that Gunsmith bounties and Clan XP award Cores? Alright. As someone who plays a lot, buying Simulation Seeds is way less trouble. Just buy 5000 or so of them. That'll get you around 300 Cores in an hour, instead of 100 Cores in a week. Of course, this can only be done by people who have absurd amounts of Legendary Shards. But that probably shouldn't be an issue for hardcore players.
Even funnier that the former is actually a good thing. To a certain extend of course, don't force them to play a specific sport, let them choose for the most part, but they must choose. The latter is just forcing your opinion onto your kid.
I don't get why people see Zavala as a bad person. In Warmind, he was asked to divert resources to protect the city to help Rasputin instead. A machine that was thought of to be dangerous to mankind. Reddit: *'He should've just stopped focussing on protecting the city, letting people die in the process, and team up with a machine who may annihilate humanity already!'* In Forsaken he did not want to send thousands of people to their deaths just for a childish sense of revenge. Seriously, that is literally what it was. The city was safe and yet... Reddit: *'Zavala is such a coward for thinking of peoples lives like a good leader would. He should've just sent thousands of Guardians to their deaths and leave the city unprotected for mAh cAyDE ReVenGe!!'* I think part of the issue is that Destiny doesn't do a great job of building the world as the dire situation it is. People who play the game see everything way more light hearted than it is meant to be. If Zavala backed the Cayde revenge force, the city could be in ruins. The game did not do a great job of communicating that, I agree. But Zavala is not a shitty person. He made the correct calls as a leader.
Shaders were originally inteded as grindable loot. Back when Bungie decided the endgame should be mostly cosmetic. If the goal is you can't get better gear from activities for the most part, then emblems and shaders should be one of the things you could. It did work somewhat. I grinded more Escalation Protocol than I had to because I liked the shader. It no longer makes sense though.
This. Joke falls a little flat.
I am also using the internet to voice that the company I know nothing about should have fired the person I know almost nothing about to feed my frustration.
Probably because almost no one used Sentry armor outside of Gambit Prime. In a sense it only affected Gambit Prime to turn it off. Lord of Wolves is used everywhere and would be turned off for a month or two just for Crucible. Mostly PC at that.
Gjallarhorn would be perfect for an Iron Banner weapon. Which Wolfpack Rounds and all.
Your pick for the Titan one to demostrate how good is looks is not great. The Speaker bad a couple of outstanding looking Titan Marks. I miss those.
Some of your criticism is bull to be honest. &gt; Apparently all titan supers have really bad hit detection, which makes no sense especially on console, were you always see a titan whether void, arc or solar always get 3-4 kills easily. It is night and day between Fist of Havoc and Sentinel Shield. The former, I don't think I even once had hit detection issues with, the latter all the goddamn time. And due to the nature of that Super, it is also much worse when an attack whiffs. An unreliable Super is a bad Super. Yes, I can get 3+ kills with it, but if it just damn worked as it should, I would've killed that other dude as well. Tell me, when you Nova Bomb the entire enemy team while they are standing on a control point and only three of them die and the others gain immunity, would you be all like: that's okay, I got my three kills so the others not dying in the blast and melting me immediately after is cool. No. It's bullshit. If they make that mistake and you capatalize on it, you should be able to make that play. Saying people can't complain because they got a certain amount of kills already makes no sense at all. &gt; You have a super with high resilience When can we accept facts instead of misinformation? This lie dates all the way back to Destiny 1. Titans are **NOT** tanks. Having 6 Resilience on a Titan gives you the exact same amount of health as having 6 Resilience on a Warlock or Hunter. Titans do not have more Resilience by befault and most Titans do not run 8+ Resilience as they could. So in practical sense there is no difference. &gt; can not only shut down other supers, but then have the super energy remaining to pick up a few other kills. If you play comp you’ll quickly realise that the meta is striker Titan. Juggernaut is very good, not contesting that. But it can shut other Supers down? Really? How? Striker needs 3 (!) charge attacks to kill an armored Super. Stormtrance annihilates Striker. Arcstaff dominates Strikers. In a Super v Super battle, Striker is ass. It is being run for its Super uptime to kill non-Supered people (which it is great at) it is not used for being a Super shutdown machine. It isn't. &gt; Titans easily have the best supers right now across any class. That's bullshit. It is at the very least on par with certain Supers of other classes such as Stormtrance and Spectral Blades. I'd even argue Stormtrance is better outside of not having as much uptime. But 'easily' the best of all the classes? Just not at all true. Also, are you just twisting what people say? I have seen people say Titans have weak Supers, but usually when talking about PvE specifically. The other time it was said when Warlocks and Hunters had OP classes and Titans didn't. Everyone agrees Striker is a bit too strong atm, I don't see anyone denying that. But it's not as strong as Nova Warp or Spectral or even Knifeslinger was, for the simple fact that they die to almost any counter Super. They are unfavored in those battles. People are saying OEM is the only viable Exotic for Titans. Not that OEM is the only Exotic that makes Titans viable. There is a huge difference. I run Antaeus Wards myself and they kill me so often I should have taken them off long ago if I cared about K/D. By the way, since about the Sunspot buff and Juggernaut buff, I have seen people complain specifically about Titans' team ability (which they don't have outside of Sunstrike and Rally Barricade, the latter which Warlocks do better) or specific Supers that are lacking. Such as Thundercrash. Not about Titans as a whole.
I played Destiny since Alpha, so I guess I outrank you now. I can tell you that apart from directing Taken King (which was great) and eventually siding with his team to make vanilla D2 ass, we practically don't know what Luke Smith is actually, legitimately doing. So you want to fire him because you are frustrated. Not because you know he can't make the game better. Tell me something. Forsaken was fantastic right? That happened under Luke Smith. He learned from the mistakes of vanilla D2. So why exactly do you want to fire him when Destiny just keeps getting better and better? Because of 'vengeance'? Some parts of your videogame are not great and he must fall for it. That's literally you.
A slam doesn't kill an armored Super. Arcstriders have a significant advantage against Strikers as their melee attacks are way faster. Their Super v Super ttk is just lower.
As a Titan who actually defaults to using Antaeus Wards, you are wrong about them. There is bottom tier and whatever is below that is where Antaeus Wards are. I am using the because I like increased sliding distance and I thought it was hilarious the first time I reflected a Blade Barrage. However, I am definitely considering switching to Dunemarchers just for the slide. Why you might ask. Because Antaeus Wards exotic perk literally kills you. Like, no joke, the Exotic perk on these boots make you take more damage whilst sliding. I am 100% not joking. 150RPM Hand Cannons can 2-tap you from full health while you slide. Yes, there are rare instances where I reflected a Blade Barrage or grenades back and killed people. It is super fun when it happens. But I assure you: it still **also** kills me, even when I reflect it and it rarely happens. Like 1 in 30 Blade Barrages I slide into are actually reflected. Not because it doesn't work, but because it is super difficult to time correctly when latency is a thing. You need to time it slightly differently for every enemy and you have no idea how until you try.
Gezellig. Not only do you not have a word for it, it is impossible to describe this in the situation itself without having to explain what you mean. It means roughly that the vibe and atmosphere is nice in the place you are and you feel close and satisfied with the company you have. For example, you could be gathered around a fire, covered in blankets telling each other stories and sharing food. One could say then 'this is gezellig'.
Your proof?
That's because sexual assault is a fucking nightmare to prove. 99 times out of a 100 there is no concrete evidence. Because people don't typically film or let loads of people watch their assault happen.
What can she present? Proving sexual assault with concrete evidence is next to impossible. That type of proof often doesn't exist. You can only hear what they have to say and judge what happened. Since Trump admited to doing these types of things, would you not at the very least think she could be telling the truth?
/uj I like what an immensely strong overreaction of emotion they have due to their own sexism that a woman wrote the review and the accuse her of being emotional.
It's very good. Minor point of improvement: your facial expression could capture a lifetime of horror better. You look stern, but Kratos is more grizzled than stern. Very good either way though.
No. You can feel content when it isn't gezellig.
It is time... Do this for PvE but leave as it is for PvP. You have always been wrong about this Bungie, the difference needs to be there.
You voiced an unpopular opinion in the Destiny community and received flak? How uncommon.
Keep it at 8 and add Ambitious Assassin. I am telling you, it is the perfect thing for it.
&gt; or make the items that they're on trash. Yeah, that is the entire point of them. When Forsaken came out, Bungie said they took big steps to adding more RPG stuff in there and they want to delve even deeper. Shitty and pointless perks are part of MMORPGs. They need to exist to make sure some of your drops are garbage. Just like some perks need to be very strong to make sure some of your drops are amazing. The scale of loot always goes from trash to god-roll. Not from good to god-roll.
Can't confirm. I am dead.
It's not a particularly difficult game below GMGOW. But it does demand some attention even there. My ex played it on Easy and she never once died throughout the entire thing though. You will likely steamroll it. The game is quite amazing in other ways apart from gameplay. I think it will be well worth playing for you on Easy.
It either knew for sure the guy was helping or it had a faint idea the guy was helping. Wolf was trapped, felt dominated, suddenly his trapped paws got free and then the force dominating him stopped. He probably didn't know he was being helped as much as we do, but he definitely knew something.
&gt; Well none of what he did in the video would suggest he’d do any of that shit. That's unbelievably naïve. Seeing one act of kindness says absolutely nothing about how dark a human being can be. By the way, we know from the full video that this guy trapped the wolf to begin with. So it's not even kindness, he is just making amends. It's a whole lot less heroic if I pull you from a burning car after having shot at it with a grenade launcher isn't it?
I hate it when this is used as an excuse. If the first 10 hours are boring or bad and people tell you it gets great afterwards and the game is 40 hours total, then at least a quarter of it is garbage. Unless you can access hour 11 immediately, the game is at least mediocre overall.
That wasn't the point that was made which you responded to. It wasn't whether or not this was a good choice, it was whether or not this guy was a good person based on this single act alone. Perhaps this is where the confusion comes from. Because, clearly, it's impossible to say based of one clip. The most horrible people you'll ever meet have done some of the best deeds. Still, even when just this one clip, it's hardly admirable to catch something then let it free. It's correcting a mistake, not a selfless act.
Nice in theory. Some problems: * The attack is an AoE with a pretty amazing range in both length and width. OHK would be crazy. Even if you'd put it only on a direct staff hit and not the AoE, it would simply be a way better shoulder charge. * Hunters have the most powerful jump for PvP in the game. It is so strong, that having a trade off here or there would still not make them less favored than Titans or Warlocks in the Crucible. Instead, they have almost no trade offs. The lack of a OHK melee is not a true downside, it's just an option you don't have. To make that point clearer: the best Titan classes at the moment (Juggernaut and Defender) both do not have shoulder charge abilities, yet they are stronger than the ones that do. * Hunter melee is basically on their class cooldown, which is extremely fast and is already one of the more powerful class abilities for PvP. * Unless we are specifically talking about the staff hit only, there's just too much range making hits too easy on Hunter special melees to warrant a OHK. Even something like throwing knife would just be unfair. Perhaps if you're on PC it's different, but precision hits are so not at all difficult to pull off.
I don't get this criticism tbh. If you dip just a sliver of a tier lower, not a full tier, just slightly less top, you have all PvE weapons. Outbreak / Loaded Question / Wendigo Excellent loadout. If people bitch at you for having this loadout, those people might as well tell you they're dumb. Just because you are marginally below S-tier, doesn't mean you can't do the Rai... Any content tbh, comfortably. Spare Rations / Jötunn / Wendigo Total A loadout. You might not 1-cycle the new Raid boss, but let's be honest, most people don't. Otherwise, this loadout is completely workable in almost any content. Because of how good LQ is now, people forget Jötunn is still outstanding and it can be fired accurately from the air which can be a personal preference. Heck, I used Imperial Decree / Trust / Two-Tailed Fox in a score Nightfall run, got the most kills and dealt at least 40% of the boss' health too. Ask any Reddit man if they think Two-Tailed Fox is good, they'll probably say no. You don't need top-tier for everything. Have fun too, it is important. I will never use Mountaintop because of insanely awful that quest is, but I don't need to.
Never move past your exact job description. Thanks for the wisdom I_Finger_Burritos.
&gt; Warren is a woman of principle who isn't going to be influenced by who donates to her campaign. You don't receive a donation out of thin air, then get requests by them afterwards. It's the other way around. They'll tell you they have 20 million laying around to donate, but they'll need to make sure it will be put to good use in case of subject 'X'. It's bargaining. If you see a candidate accept a donation, they have agreed to certain criteria of the one donating already.
Excuse my poor behavior, I just need to rage a little every time I hear this so I don't go on a murder-spree. &gt; Soulsborne **AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAARRRRRRRGGGGG** Phew, okay, thanks, all better.
We're talking PvP specifically.
Missile has fantastic tools, but I think as a whole it ranks below the other two.
You'd think but this is not the case. Some things are extremely obvious that moms for whatever reason don't understand. An example, my mom broke just about all her promises. She lied when it suited her. Guess who is going to lie as well? My mom also had a habbit of getting angry at just about anything. When I made purchases she didn't agree with, or when I dated someone she didn't approve of. Bad grade in school resulted in anger, no guidance or support at all. She even got angry when my brother said he was probably gay. Guess what? You're not going to be told shit. At all. Ever. Why would he tell you anything? I think the best advice is look at things from his perspective and then think what corrective action you are taking will result in from that perspective. Using the latest example, you're absolutely nuts if you somehow think anger will correct someone's behavior.
Being in love with her doesn't help me at all, in any way. Damn.
Why ever put your guys near explosives anyway? I never use cars for cover, let alone a gas station.
&gt; not to mention you get ammo back when you die. which happens a lot. This might be why you don't get the problem. I was using my Austringer with Subsistence in the Raid and I ran out of ammo consistently. Primary ammo bricks do not drop that frequently when you need them. I even ran out of ammo in patrol of all things, several times. It's just not a good perk for what it does. Feeding Frenzy/Rapid Hit/Outlaw are way better.
I don't quite get the confusion. **ALL** armor you have and can still earn up to Shadowkeep will be left behind. Armor 2.0 armor is **EXCLUSIVELY** armor that releases with the Shadowkeep expansion. Armor being brought forward means an existing set will gain a **NEW** version of it that will be obtainable **AFTER** Shadowkeep has launched. There will be no situation in which Shadowkeep launches and armor 2.0 will already be in your inventory. I feel like we knows how this works by now?
Titan tears are the crying of the enemies we punch in the face. It's more like Titan-induced-tears you see.
Could not disagree more. The most horrible time I had obtaining a Raid Exotic was Touch of Malice. God that was awful. Quests like that are almost always the exact same. Touch of Malice and Outbreak Prime were both: **Step 1:** Look up a guide on the internet on how to obtain this weapon. Done. It's the most boring and overrated things I can imagine. 0.01% of the community is actually doing the legit quest, and because the quest is so obtuse and boring, everyone else is just following a guide brainlessly. Quest design where you would rather disengage with the game as much as possible and talk to friends or listen to a podcast while completing the task off of someone else's notes, as opposed to doing the actual quest; is bad. I really can't even begin to articulate how much I hate it and can't understand why anyone likes it.
DIM does the same and more. The point is this should be available in the game. I shouldn't have to twke my phone out or have a PC running on a different screen to change loadouts. I'm using DIM, it works and it's good. But just let me use this ingame instead. There's so many different things they can do to prevent fast loadout swapping in activities to optimize for all roles on the fly (which I assume is the reason they haven't done this yet.) Having a minute cooldown before you can swap again. Having all your ammo disappear. Only being able to do it in Orbit, loading or social spaces could also work.
Year 2 armor will be obsolete. It will not have Intellect/Discipline/Strength and it will not have armor 2.0 mod slots and energy allotments. Yes, you can still use the armor you have now, but that isn't what obsolete means. It has been replaced by something new and better. It's deprecated. There's no point in using it, something strictly better is available. I find it more confusing how people are confused what this could mean. It's obvious: any armor you obtain before Shadowkeep comes out will be old and inferior. That's all there is to it.
Obsolete does not mean not viable. Obsolete means something better is available. i.e. Cluster Bomb rocket launchers such as Sins of the Past from Year 1 became obsolete for Raid Boss DPS in Year 2. Because you can't put a Boss Spec mod on it, whereas Year 2 Cluster Bombs you could. You could still do it with Sins of the Past, there is no logical reason to do so though. Something strictly better is available. The armor you have now will become obsolete when Shadowkeep comes out. It's just how it is. This is how things always happened. I don't know why people keep denying it.
You can get the Fusion Rifle from Scourge of the Past quite easily. It drops from every single encounter based on my experience.
I can see them adding other armor as ornaments at a later date. I have no idea, but I do not suppose making armor ornaments is as easy as checking a box for them. Though it might. Either way, I think the Eververse armor is the best start. It is the only set in the game of which probably 0 people playing this game have god rolls. Heck, I bet most people don't even have a godroll on a single piece. I know I don't.
Petty, dumb, dangerous, needlessly provocative and wasted effort. I approve.
What do you mean cherry picking? 2 out of the 3 Exotic Raid quests we got were extremely bad. Taking the majority is not cherry picking. It's the standard.
Every single person you want to have sex with, will want sex with you. No matter how long you know them for. But your mother will always enter the room moments before you climax.
I'm getting a little sick of the hyberbole this sub has on things that they think need buffs. Oxygen is bad even by Scout Rifle standards? Yeah, no. It is top tier for Scouts. It is the only one that actually wrecks packs of adds, where other Scouts can't even if they have Dragonfly. Scouts are bad and Oxygen is not great as a result of that. Not the other way around. Heck, you can use it in the Raid and it's fine.
bUT tRiPLe tAp iS aMaZiNg 0n pRimArIeS It's good on Snipers and literally nothing else. 10 times out of 10, people reload their Scout before the extra 2-3 bullets they gained from Triple Tap are expended. The people I have seen praising it even back in D1 never actually made use of the perk. It was hilarious. People just have a dead perk that does nothing for them and they convince themselves it's great.
100% of people reloaded their Hung Jury long, long, looooooooong before the standard magazine was empty. I saw video's of people reviewing Hung Jury reload it almost consistently around shot 8 or 9. Occasionally they reached 13 or so. Triple Tap **never** did anything at all. The only place where it did something was during Raid Boss DPS. People like their hypothetical scenario's where they headshot 20 dudes in a row and for whatever reason do not have time to reload, but these situations never happened. Outlaw is somewhat of an offender in this principle as well. It is way more useful, but you can see people like Datto reload after every second kill, even though there are enemies right in front of him, shooting at him. It is hilarious to see someone shoot 2 or 3 shots of their Midnight Coup (which has a capacity of 13) and take almost a second to reload while being fired upon, then proceed to do the exact same and tell themselves how great it is. Contrary to Outlaw though, which actually is useful when used correctly, there is no way to use Triple Tap in a way that is beneficial in almost any scenario. Definitely on Snipers, but primaries, no. **Edit:** Forgot to mention, Hung Jury was an excellent gun, but it was clearly because of the combination of its stats and the fact it had Firefly. Suggesting Triple Tap is the thing that made the gun is disingenuous. Everyone and their mother would've swapped Triple Tap on that gun for any number of perks. Grenadier, Army of One, Outlaw, Feeding Frenzy, Luck in the Chamber, all would've made the gun exceptionally better than Triple Tap.
&gt; I'm baffled how people are cheering for a judge to block illegitimate, ineffective and unwarranted use of militairy funding for personal satisfaction and at the same time cheer for rights to health care. I'm more baffled at what you're actually saying tbh. I have no idea how to explain this to someone who doesn't understand. To keep it short and at its core, I guess that: Harmony &gt; Hate That's how I feel anyway.
Facepuncher + Melee Health Steal relic is completely viable.
&gt; How do they get girlfriends? It is the least sexy look I've ever seen. I don't know who keeps telling people getting a girl can't happen if you lack 'X', but that has never been the case. Next time you see someone who you think can't get a girl, remind yourself that yes, they can.
&gt; No one in the White House is talking about going to War Yes, that is the point he is making. They are taking action to cause a war, and they damn well know it, but they won't admit it. It's pretty naive to think otherwise. If Iran 'strategically' struck and killed the top General in the US army, you'd think the US would be like: *'Ah, alright. That's cool, we will not respond to that action.'*?
Mission Complete grants XP.
It is the worst part of Glamour to me. They reduced the damage penalty in a patch to try and make Glamour more appealing, but it was never the dmg reduction that fucked it. It was not being able to use your Action Skill at all if enemies are grouped up because they'd all become allies and you have to wait for 8 seconds, which would drain all active skills you had going. It is such anti-synergy.
There's probably ladies that either don't mind it, or like it. That's how everything works. Whatever you thinks looks dumb, someone else things looks great. I think the high pants on women that's all the rage doesn't look good, but I wouldn't assume they think the same.
Absolutely comparable. Overwatch in its entirety costs less than Destiny.
&gt; (Whisper is still better lol) It's so not, and it isn't even close. People should stop using spreadsheets as proof. In a practical situation Whisper is trash-tier. It takes longer to kill something while using heavy ammo to do it. The only place where it is better is on paper, where crits are always hit, there are no adds and dmg phases last the theoretical amount. Which is to say in Garden 9 times out of 10 Whisper falls short. Also, the way Destiny's combat works burst dmg is far more useful than dps most of the time. It's no contest between these two guns.
There is outrage. But context is a thing. They didn't shoot down the plane out of nowhere.
Orcz. It has every single Golden Key code. For some reason this sub removes most mentions of the site, so the awareness isn't spread. Guess they don't like it if people don't have to check Reddit to get every key ever.
&gt; I think demonstrating that moving from good 57ish world drops Your post is misleading for many reasons, such as not taking specific stats into consideration whatsoever, but your assumption people can get 57 world drops might be the worst one. I have no idea how many hours I have logged since Shadowkeep came out, but it is a lot. And the only 57+ drop I have gotten from a world drop was a chest piece and it happened exactly once. Most world drops are in the 48-51 range. 52-53 happens not very frequently, but sometimes. 54-55 is pretty rare and anything above that I have seen once. Not to mention it matters where the actual stats are attributed to; getting a good 57 drop therefor basically never happens.
How would you not know if you also played the other ones? All of them had systems for increasing the effectiveness of Estus. DSII even has the exact same system except it is called Bone Dust as the only difference.
Not caring about dying/losing and being OK with being disrespected are not actually the same thing.
**Least Favorite:** Bloodborne. There is not a lot I like about the game, so I'll cheat the rules a little: I liked the idea of transforming weapons. **Favorite:** Dark Souls II. Pretty easy one: while I understand the idea behind it, I dislike Soul Memory.
The mode switching. Not sure what it is referred as in the game.
&gt; Ok and I guess killing the general was just out of nowhere right? I didn't say that? &gt; Is that what you expect me to believe? No, not at all. &gt; Trump is somehow worse and just gets shit on while Iran shoots down a civilian plane and now “Context is important”. Ffs. *'Context is important'* is not synonymous for *'it's OK that this happened and I excuse it'.* Iran are a bunch of dicks. Understanding why something happened is not the same as excusing it. There's no need to be hostile to me for something I do not actually think.
Morality is subjective smart guy. If your government has a tiny amount of intelligence they would have the foresight to know that them killing someone they deem immoral, would be viewed by Iran as an immoral act on their part. It's a nice idea to have everyone on the planet have the same morality as you would. It would solve everything. It's also that naivity I was talking about: it's not how the world works.
I'm not arguing OP can learn to have it not bother him. I have learned that, and tbagging in shooters etc. It is good advice to give. But if you took away the bad manners and still have OP losing he might be fine with it then. It's not necessarily the cause of it.
To be fair, people parrying you is by far the hardest thing to counter. It is for me anyway. There is so much to take into account: * Never light attack more than once. * Never heavy attack with a slow attack. * Don't attack if there is too much space/time as your first attack can be parried. * Don't use WA's that are predictable with a wind-up (such as Friede's light WA). * Don't be predictable. * Don't be predictably unpredictable. It is a **LOT**. It isn't an easy thing to learn.
I don't think that's that's overleveled. You might be a bit under actually. I am SL103 on my newest character and haven't touched either of the DLC yet. I did do some PvP so perhaps I got some SL from that though.
Nothing. The best way to learn the value of money is to make mistakes and be poor for a while. I legit feel like people who have experienced a period of true poverty have a much better understanding of value than people who never did. 'Eh, it's not a big deal, it is like skipping your morning Starbucks coffee for two days: it isn't that expensive' is the dumbest argument you hear all the time from people who have no grasp on what value is.
&gt; I apologize if it comes across as anything else. My title for this post was made with the intent of more of a ”shitpost” tone rather than an ”armchair developer” tone, as some people are taking it. Your post has no indication it is anything other than serious. It sounds more like you added in this edit to save face when people pointed out how dumb it is to think this helps.
&gt; It's not subjective to see what the better governments are. Yes, it absolutely is. You do not understand what morality is if you think it isn't subjective. The death penalty is immoral. Thinking you have anything to say about what another woman does with her own body is immoral. Making soft drugs illegal because your government was paid stacks of cash to do so is immoral. Having a corrupt government that literally takes donations in exchange for passing certain laws is immoral. Electing a president based on anything other than democracy is immoral. Suppressing gay rights the longest of any western country because, again, money is immoral. Looks like I am describing America has a very immoral country here. You know what you can do though? Disagree with me. Because it is subjective. &gt; Of course every nation does bad things but america is the only one that actually reports on the shit we do. Unlike the rest that hide and cover it up. You never actually left the US have you? There are countries with more freedom on this planet and do less 'bad things' and are transparent about all of it. The US only releases info on the horrible shit they have done 50+ years after the fact, when everyone responsible is already dead. And only then they do it if it does not hurt their image too much. The US is the king of covering stuff up. You're being naive.
&gt; If you hit confirm, no reason you can’t r1 twice. This is a good point, but it is pretty hard to learn too. &gt; Ultra greats obviously have no fear of parries Are you sure about this? I thought it was just some heavy attacks from UGS that were not parryable, but the light attacks were.
Someone should have told Martin Luther King that. In all seriousness, progression is not a vice that should literally be downvoted. 'This is just how the world works' is not a good argument for bad behavior.
You're forgetting our country is mostly below sea level. A lot of our 'advancements' have come from the fact we had no choice. We have some of the best dams in the world and have the single best understanding of how to build them, because if we didn't we'd drown. As for this, there used to be so much ice here that ice skating and everything it evolved into was just done a ton and people got good at it. The good taught better, and so on. Make no mistake though, we have a lot of faults too.
Yikes, you're approaching this as a 13-year old who is trying to get agreement on the internet. I'm out. Believe what you want to and always remain puzzled on why people think differently then you. If you are OK with that, then so am I. Good luck!
You were created by God in the image of God, with Gods forgiveness upon you. But he can't forgive his own creation turns out to be like he specifically made it. I hope for the sake of Christians there is no God, because he's not going to be pleased with them in the afterlife.
There's also lots of them that did. What did you do? Expecting a 'I'm not a millionaire, I can't do anything' response.
Not sure why you think bows are not viable. If you want to use them, you can. They are more than good enough. Is it because streamers tell you they are shit or something? People need to quit the streamer opinion copying workforce. They tend to use what is best, even if in a practical sense it does not matter (if they can clear a room in 59 seconds that takes 60 seconds otherwise, they'll take it (and probably say 'there is no reason to use anything other than 'X' while doing it). This sub loves stroking their stats to add weight to their opinion so let me tell you aS a D1 aLpHa pLaY3r: I score top of the leaderboard in almost any activity I do when using bows. I soloed both Dungeons without dying using bows. I cleared all post-Forsaken raids using bows being top scorer. And I also performed 48-hour surgery when I was twelve 20 years ago while using bows. *'aLL tHaT SaYs iS tHaT yOu'D d0 Ev3n BeTtEr If yOu UsED mEtA gUnS!1!1'* Yeah, I really can't tell you how much I don't care about those few extra seconds of faster clear in a videogame that is supposed to be fun. I am still outscoring you anyway. Everyone who used Recluse reluctantly: congratulations on forcing yourself to have less fun because someone convinced you your theoretical performance mattered more.
As if he isn't ace at playing that instrument already.
Because people like countering things. Social media presences are front and center at the moment so people like to attack it every chance they get. Here is something that has 0 to do with social media: someone who did great research; and instead of actually being thankful they see an opportunity to attack so it is being taken. Whoever wrote it might only be 10% thankful and 90% gleeful they get to shit on others.
&gt; and given that one is strictly better for looting and challenging gameplay if you can bear to make through the story a full second time, this leaves Normal Mode somewhat useless. You have it the wrong way around. Normal Mode is strictly better for farming since droprates are identical between the two modes except bosses/rare spawns die faster on Normal Mode. So it if much more efficient. True Vault Hunter spawns more Badasses and such, but I don't know if anyone sees that as a way to farm guns over killing bosses.
People getting knocked out by almost anything. Also, strangling someone to death doesn't take 5 seconds. And strangling doesn't work at all with no body control. Game of Thrones' Tirion killing Faye or whatever by strangling her with a neckless from the floor while she is on top of the bed: 1) that would not kill her. 2) she wasn't stuck at all. Roll backwards and she's out.
Not sure whether to not believe this one or it having nothing to do with why you got the job, but it is definitely a terrible answer. Management is about delegation and grooming people under you. You just said you suck at management and the people under you will not work efficiently nor grow because you hamper them.
And the part where you said *'strictly better for looting'* which is the part I was arguing. TVHM is much worse for looting bosses than Normal Mode.
He's not really in the loop. Hunters have had the most #1 class pressence in Crucible since... Well, D1 honestly.
The game doesn't disrespect you. It's a silly thing to claim and honestly a confusing too as none of the examples you name clue me in on what fault you're actually talking about. Your use of the phrase 'artificial difficulty', which is an absurd phrase as all videogame difficulty is artifical, suggests you found it too hard without wanting to learn and adapt. What on earth was wrong with Lud and Zallen? That's a competently designed fight. It's not at all dissimilar to the Gargoyle fight in Dark Souls 1, especially if you consider Lud and Zallen are the very final bosses in Dark Souls II and the Gargoyles were the first boss (introductory boss not withstanding). Dark Souls III also has similar bosses like The Demon Prince.
Heh? Shouldn't it be, you know... Free? Since it can be free and still makes pharmacies a lot of money through insurance? Like, what is actually going on in the US? I get that pharmaceutical companies benefit from outrageous prices, but they don't even earn **that** much more than ours do. But what's up with regular people being opposed to free health care? Do you actually believe the nonsense some politician who took a bribe from a pharmaceutical company tells you? You're not going to pay more if it becomes a thing. You're going to pay less even if you only have a 'thing' once a year. God forbid it's worse and you get cancer. That's tens of thousands of dollars on top of being sick. Having that be free is not only the right way to go about it, it's also completely viable financially for all parties involved.
I see what type of person I am talking to now, and it puts your comment into perspective. The problem with Miyazaki fanboys is exactly the thing I said in my initial response: you don't have a point, you just want to say how much Miyazaki's stuff is better. You're talking about difficulty as a bad thing when mentioning Lud and Zallen. Problem is: they are easier than The Demon Prince. So Lud and Zallen bad because difficulty, but Demon Prince great because Miyazaki. Also, yes they totally do attack at the same time. Nevertheless, 'they are either easy or hard in their own way' is not any sort of coherent argument as to why multiple bosses in Dark Souls 1 and 3 are fine, but are all bad in 2. &gt; There's nothing wrong with copying and pasting two existing bosses in the end of one of the worst areas in the entire saga? First of all, I really like that area for its unique aspects, secondly: no there isn't. Returning bosses has been part of fantastic games for decades. It can be a lot of fun and can make sense within the game's lore too. If Dark Souls II saw a way to introduce that into the Souls series, then that is totally OK and not 'wrong'. Except... It didn't introduce it into the Souls series did it? Asylum Demon is the introduction boss of Dark Souls and then returns as an optional boss later in the game. Which is completely fine because firstly, it is optional and secondly it takes a deliberately easy boss and buffs it to be a better version of it. What are Lud and Zallen? Yes, optional bosses of a boss that was not really a challenge because it revolved around a cool gimmick to turn him easy. It removed the gimmick and added challenge. A fair addition of a returning boss. The Souls series has been doing this all the time. Heck, Dark Souls even added a third Asylum Demon except that one was just to pad the boss presence. Your 'just to inflate the difficulty' statement is so hollow i can't even begin to explain it. Why does Dragonslayer Armour have enemies offscreen shoot projectiles at you? To inflate the difficulty because it wouldn't be that hard if they weren't there and you just fought Dragonslayer Armour 1v1. Except... It is totally okay as a design choice. But you don't talk about that because you want DSII to sound inferior which is why you are using terms such as 'artificial difficulty' because you don't have a real argument without trashing the other games too.
This sounds like she was saying you don't understand: how **her** world works. Which is a fair thing to point out, because not everyone is the same. Just because you were able to make it from 17 onwards doesn't mean she also would have been able if she did the same thing. The way you are talking about her *'get knocked up by the first deadbeat that talked to me'* makes it pretty obvious you're framing your story to get internet people to agree with you. She might be envious of you. Maybe she even regrets her choices in life. Perhaps she even misses your support. I wouldn't know, but it seems obvious it is something like that and not pure stupidity on her part.
How are those members seasoned? Can't be salt.
Not playing at the moment. Hoping to get back in at some point, but I am not really interested in the current gameplay loop and activities. Not meant as criticism, but I just don't want to keep playing the game just because I can. There needs to be something great in there. If I never play it again that's fine too, I'm not upset about it. But this is how I look at it.
aDvEnT iS sO mUcH sTrOnGeR tHaN tHe pLaYeR
&gt; It’s no different for them than it was for us. Muslim concentration camps in China detain and brainwash muslims with propeganda. Concentration camps in Europe under nazi Germany detained, malnourished, abused, tortured and committed gruesome genocide. I am not excusing anything: it's disgusting, morally wrong, (should be) illegal and it's just plain absurd. But calling it the same is madness.
&gt; It's not a fucking competition. It's not. Which is why saying anything is 'exactly the same as the Holocaust' when it isn't is gross.
Destiny has always had boring grinds, the difference is the content drops. Every drop used to have a Raid and/or new destination and such on top of the grindy bits. The new seasonal model is just the grindy bits without the other stuff.
I am with you for the most part. I have some misgivings about what you exactly say throughout your piece, but there are only two things I'll speak aloud: &gt; The seasonal model doesn't work for you, We don't know this. Their goal is to make money and seasons as they stand might make a lot more for them than other models do. I think it makes more sense to keep the criticism to the player perspective only. Because we know it isn't great from that angle. &gt; King's Fall Is the worst raid in Destiny history if you ask me. Yes, that is an opinion, but even if I am one of the few that thought so at the time, almost all mechanics in that raid are exactly what people dislike about raids nowadays. Stand here, wait here, go there, then stand there. It did not carry Destiny for a year at all. People were extremely upset at the time. I really don't want Bungie to get the wrong idea and start making ultra-static raids like it again. Nor do I want them to get the idea that any raid can be good enough to carry a year. They need Lairs in between, if nothing else.
Disagreed. Minors that are not Knights, Captains etc. Should die in one head cannon crit. Like they did before Shadowkeep. Not leave them at a small amount of health so you can use a Finisher.
Yes, insults and derailing what I originally said is all you've been able to do so far. Because you can't actually offer a valid counter point to my actual point: Whatever comes in september will be packed with content similar to, or exceeding, Forsaken. Do you care to actually counter that point or are you coming back with another insult or derailing argument?
&gt; they made things die to one shot of an smg which is what it appears to be what you want to go back to. That's a nice strawman, but it's a little obvious don't you think? Try responding to what I actually said.
Armor is sunset to make you grind for a new set after a year + to sunset the seasonal mods in it. In exchange, seasonal mods now fit in armor for a whole year instead of 2 seasons (3 seasons total, but obviously if you want to use the new seasonal mods, you need a new set or a set from a season prior, can't use one from 2 seasons ago). You can also turn any legendary armor piece into an ornament, for Silver or 'ingame effort', whatever that ends up being.
Well, no... The reason is to get everyone, all who keep playing the game, to acquire new gear. Whether you're using Recluse or some rapid fire pulse with a weird perk combo very few people use: everyone will need to keep getting new gear. If it was '*literally*' just about Recluse, they would have nerfed Recluse. It is about keeping a loot treadmill in a loot game. You can argue that is good or bad, I'm not saying anything about it, but that is why it exists.
Really? I had no idea! Thanks for this information I did not know about and was disputing. /s
Has police accountability happened yet? Is systematic racism by police disappeared yet? Has police been reformed yet? No to all of the above? I guess you have your answer then. Were you under the impression that protesting is done to argue and agree with each other? Because it isn't. It is to voice concern/raise an issue **and create change**. I don't know why you are surprised protesting hasn't stopped.
Did not tell anyone to stop posting. I have no authority, I did not pretend I have any, and I flat out didn't say people may not post that. For the fourth time, you really ought to actually read what I wrote. You're attacking me for things I didn't say.
When you describe it as an army of pizza's coming for us, that does sound like a Golden Age.
I disagree with this. I was very hyped for Forsaken, and it delivered on what I was expecting and actually more than that. I was very bummed to see what Shadowkeep was becoming, and it delivered about what I was expecting. Each season has more or less delivered what I thought it would. The only exception is Season of Worthy. It was absolutely unbelievable how poor Trials was handled. I did not forsee it, because Bungie has learned the hard way twice over that Trials lives or dies by its participation population. Surely I could not have expected them to design the rewards in such a way as to heavily punish attempting to participate, since we know they **know** how important it is. It was such a bizarre thing to see. Nevertheless, you can generally tell how well something is coming together.
Well, as it says right there in my post: people can stop making this thread every single day, because it is OK if not every single pinnacle was bordering on OP. I'm sorry for over-dissecting it, but since you don't understand what it says: it specifically refers to my argument that not all guns need to have been close to OP (or actually OP). In other words, I am not forbidding anything, nor to I pretend I have the authority to say so. Again, apologies for having to explain everything so harshly, but the sentence you quote is referring to an argument, nor does it forbid anything. And I am also not pretending to have any authority either. Your original argument of *'People can post whatever they want'* is just wasted on what I said. *'You can stop posting about X because: argument'* =/= you should not post this. Final apology for having to over-explain this, but the wording is simply not at all saying what you think it is. I am not and have not told people what they should be posting.
Yes, police need to be held accountable for killing people. You speak as if the 'intervention being justified' is making it OK for police to sentence a man to death on the spot. It isn't. The police needed to arrest this man. They had no right to kill him. Everyone it talking about the latter, not sure why you are trying to argue the former.
Alright... I hate to say it like this bud but: You can't read. If you keep sticking to your guns, and all my explaining falls on deafs ears, I just have to hit you with the fact. *'People can stop posting about...'* Is **literally** not a demand, or call to prohibit posting about... So... You are just factually incorrect. And even if you weren't, the fact I have taken the time to keep explaining myself in a civil manner should have made it abundantly clear what I meant by now. But you're just ignoring all of it because you can't and refuse to listen to reason. So then, I really tried and gave you several chances to show some capacity for dialogue, but you're just hammering home the point that you are incapable of one. Needless to say, now that I've exposed every part of your argument for others, I'm done with it. I will unfortunately not see your reply, you know why. Good luck with everything.
/uj unprecedented amount of content? Shadowkeep? It was the smallest amount of content in D2's lifespan. That said, it is pretty clear it was so barren because they were working on this year's september release. We will get another Forsaken type deal, and that is really awesome. Slower years are OK.
/uj I thought Season of Worthy wasn't a good piece of content, but if next season is more or less that, I am going to enjoy it. I just like Destiny. Mediocre Destiny is still some new Destiny, so I am just having a good time with it.
Not saying the caps shouldn't be removed, they should, but if you use your three Postmasters as second inventories you can actually get 200 Prisms and 40 Ascendant Shards total. I did a big grind to get max materials during Shadowkeep and am only having to restock this season. And by restock I mean Shards. I have never run out of Prisms.
Thought these types of posts were banned?
90 minutes. That entire lead up could have been 2 minutes and that would have been totally fine. If they want to drag it out, for whatever reason, go 10 minutes. That's plenty long enough. If they really want to keep this slow pace, then start the whole thing 90 minutes **before** you tell people to be there. Or just don't tell anyone anything. If no one knew we'd see posts on the sub going *'Uh, I am seeing red lines going towards the Almighty, something is happening'* and people would have come checked it out. I get they don't want anyone to miss anything, but then do the pointless lead up before you told people to be there standing around doing nothing. Or preferably just keep it short. It was an odd choice to go for more 'realism' in a game so heavily leaning on fantasy in its spacefare.
Terrible. Probably the biggest disappointment in Destiny for me so far. I think the ending was pretty cool, but it was completely wasted on the absurd waiting time. There are just so many obvious better alternatives that it made my head hurt trying to wrap around the idea that this is the one Bungie chose. 1. Decrease the 90 minutes of build up to 2 minutes. That is what we actually wanted to see. 2. If you want it drawn out, make it 10 minutes. That is already a very long time to just stand around and wait. 3. If, for whatever reason, you insist on making it a 90 minute drawn out thing, then have that happen 90 minutes **BEFORE** you tell people shit is going down. Every single person was there 10-30 min before the event started, so they would have still seen all the things they wanted to see. 4. Even not telling us anything at all would have been better. We would have seen posts of people saying something was happening, and we would have checked it out. As it stands, you told us to be there at reset to people made plans around reset. They took time from whatever their day demanded them to do thinking something would happen. A lot of people had to leave and get along with their daily tasks completely frustrated that nothing happened at all in the first 30 minutes. Even more people were even more frustrated because they were waiting around for an hour to even an hour and a half and then had to leave still not being able to see the actual event. People were punished extremely hard for being there on time. And why? For a grace period so that people who apparently did not care that much could get it an hour afterwards. And then there is people like me who wanted to play Destiny but also wanted to check this out and wasted a total 2 hours of playtime on actual waiting around. I **THINK** the ending was cool, but I just honestly can't tell because the overlying emotion is just massive disappointment. Such a disregard for people's time... I just really can not believe this was greenlit like this.
Realism was very out of place in a game that has pure fantasy to its spacefare thus far. Not to mention, even if the rest of the game was rooted in some type of realism, this was still excruciatingly boring. I am not sure what type of social media you were looking at, but the general sentiment is that it was way too tedious.
&gt; they didn't fight for our country to have someone disrespect the flag Fucking LOL. They sure as hell don't get to dictate who has which rights just because they 'fought' for their country. The moment they decided to fight for freedom is the moment they were fighting for this protest.
The first half of Vault is the second worst Raid in Destiny. Everything in the final room is actually fairly good though, especially Atheon. But yeah Last Wish is honestly on another level. Ambition, expertise and no doubt tech as well, just make it a better raid. My favorite raid so far is probably Scourge. It is the only Fallen raid in existence if we count Wrath among SIVA. That final boss is just too cool. The map in the city entrance is just too unique. I don't care that the Raid is a bit easy, it's cool as fuck. Second pick would be Wrath. I quite dislike Hive so none of those raids would ever be the best ones for me, though the final encounter in Crown is excellent.
It's not that, your opinion is valid, but it is formed by new experiences. You suggested a theory that the reason you think it is one of the best games ever made and people here are disappointed is because you're focusing on the good parts and they are not. The reality is, because you are new, there are almost exclusively good parts for you to consume and enjoy. But Destiny is designed to be, and marketed and sold to be, an ongoing game. You're supposed to be able to play it with new content until Bungie stops supporting it. And it just so happens that the latest content for this ongoing game has mostly bad parts to it, very few good. That is why you see so much negativity. It isn't the game in general people are bashing, it is the newest stuff we are supposed to play. Your opinion is 100% fair. But it is the opinion of a newer player. So you making theories on why seasoned players who already experienced what you played and are now talking about the newest stuff in relation to it, falls flat.
&gt; Bungie why. Because of us. Here is the thing: the power cap goes up each expansion to say 1000, then 1050, then 1100 and so on. Then, Bungie came up with a new idea that was basically: *'Well, the power grind only lasts our dedicated players a few days, at most two weeks. What if we gave them a very small incentive to keep playing certain endgame activities with a very minor power boost? We'll design our game around that 1000 power as usual, but let them overpower to 1010. That way, no one should need that power to complete anything, but it is still a nice stick for dedicated players that basically keeps the power grind alive forever.'* Okay, so they did that. Then us: *'Fuck this, I need drops for all slots before I get the next upgrade this will take forever! I can never reach the power cap!'* Bungie: *'... But you're not supposed to reach the pinnacle cap that quick, it is meant to be a thing throughout the entire seaso...'* Us: *'Booooooooo!!!! Change it dumbasses!'* Bungie: *'Pinnacle drops are now +2 instead of +1, that should make it easier to reach the pinnacle cap.* Us: '*Dude, I still have to play Raids and stuff I don't always feel like grouping up. I **NEED** the pinnacle cap, but I don't want to grind endgame activities that often to get there and it takes so loooooong. Why can't I just get to the cap in 2-3 weeks like before? This is dumb'*. Bungie: *'No, wait, the power cap and pinnacle caps are different. You only need the power cap which you can get quick, but the pinnacle cap is specifically there to incentivize dedicated endgame players with...'* Us: *'BOOOOOOOOO!!!! Stop oppressing solo players. Dumbasses'* Bungie: *'Sigh, alright, pinnacles will now drop from a few regular, low effort playlists.'* And there you are. That's why. People were crying for easier pinnacles and they got it. They might as well give all other raids pinnacles too though. The purpose of it has been completelt neutered anyway. There is virtually no difference anymore between the two other than the amount of sources there are. So let's just cut its last limb off and indeed make many pinnacle sources so there is no actual purpose to it anymore.
They do not balance XP gains around bounty hoarders. Also, the Artifact is disabled in Iron Banner, so when you saw people at 1000 Power, they got there with gear only. Not XP.
I don't think they will because it is the Warlock identity now. If Twilight Garrison ever comes back, it will have a reworked perk. Perhaps something to do with Ballistic Slam or Thundercrash.
Ultra bizarre to compare Destiny expacs with Witcher. Especially so since we have an expansion, Forsaken, that is such an obvious example of a great expansion.
Snapshot
Everyone agrees this season was ass, so I don't need to pule on to that. What I do need to do before it is misinterpreted by Bungie, is saying that... **Summoning friendly units is cool as fuck.** More of that please. Not just that but also the Arc Soul style ones. Let me summon a flaming wolf as a Titan and all this.
Final blows, yeah. That's what it says anyway, haven't completed it yet.
Yeah, basically last season + a dungeon.
Same but at least the loot is amazing this season
Not really when they have new perks in their pool though. I am going to enjoy new IKELOS HC much more than the old one.
Disagree with that. Anyway, he was lead on Last Wish, ab amazing Raid with probably still the best final boss encounters in the game. ... That no one on this sub played. You all really missed out.
They should make kill trackers track kills across the entire specific weapon maybe, not just the exact one you have.
IKELOS can roll with different perks now though
Oryx. I really dislike having such a static fight. There's almost no strategies for it outside of the one they intended you to do. That said, I think that entire raid is the weakest Destiny raid for much of the same reason: it is super static. But yes, I know a lot of people love that stuff. It just really is not for me.
Well yeah, they know that. They talked pretty frequently about doing new but also recycled content. You don't need to tell them this is recycled stuff, they told us already.
I only think you're partly wrong. I do think Menagerie is fun, but it is not anywhere close to Destiny's top content. I would choose Raids, Dungeons, Timed Missions (ala Whisper/Outbreak) and Nightfalls long before I would choose to load up Menagerie. I enjoy my time in Menagerie, but if I don't need something from it, I never play it. Whereas I enjoy running the above mentioned stuff just for fun.
You haven't been using Phoenix Cradle when on Sunspot Titan? Or do you just not like Sunspot Titan? Either way, good. Don't use it and keep telling people it isn't that amazing. I don't want it nerfed.
Should be removed by mods honestly. I have no idea why it is allowed to spoil stuff for people. Spoiler tags are a thing on Reddit right? So enforce the use of them for data-mined info. Nothing in titles. Seems like a fair thing to me.
It's not a glitch. They made sprint a toggle, there is no longer a sprint button. E.g. clicking the stick twice will cancel your sprint, whereas it would just continue to sprint before.
Think he is referencing Bungie's response to the reception of the horrible new emblem trackers.
&gt; if this is his Steam name, there isn't much anyone can do. Why do you think this? Valve doesn't allow names like this. If they are made aware, they'll take action. This got passed them because it isn't text so it wasn't automatically detected.
&gt; It'll be weeks till I'm high enough to try it You need a better guy
We could, but how about instead of lying we started accepting the truth? I dislike skill based matchmaking because: * I don't want ultra sweaty matches every single time. That doesn't mean I want to pubstomb. I want variation. A lobby with one amazing player on the opposite team, two good, twi mediocre, one bad. Some matches super sweaty, some matches where everyone is bad. I really don't get why everything needs to be an extreme reason for you. It's fairly simple. * Connection quality is absolutely worse. Getting killed by teleporting players who do not miss shots is the actual worst.
&gt; It’s why I don’t understand why there’s a protest against UK police force. There isn't. It is a solidarity protest. We protested here in the Netherlands as well. It is to show support for the American protest and also to stand with what is just. It actually happens all the time.
I really disliked that screen. Getting the loot to drop in the actual game is much cooler. Also, just FYI, at the time we had that screen people also were constantly saying getting loot to drop in the game would be more satisfying.
I like it because I can feel the progression of power. I can do into the dungeon immediately and get wrecked, return later when I am higher and have it be hard, but doable, return later on level and having it be a good time, and return even later being a little over and squashing it. It's RPG-like. I don't know why the idea of being on-level for everything as soon as it releases is enticing to people.
If you really like Borderlands you should keep it to yourself I've learned. People are always very quick to point out that yeah, it is okay to find it enjoyable and funny, just so you know the humor is objectively bad.
Is this sub under the assumption that the most exaggerated title wins some sort of competition?
I definitely think Power acquisition should change, if only because those that stack bounties and follow guides that know how to exploit the system can result in a 20 Power difference between players that did the exact same activities. Not to mention RNG without pity timers or bad luck protection are also in play. You should get to high power by playing the game and doing challenging activities. Not by following a guide or creating a weird exploitative plan before hand. As it stands, you will get a massive power boost doing mundane tasks so long as you follow the plan, as you would if you did highly challenging activities like Nightfalls and Raids. &gt; the power grind should be completely taken out of the seasons. There is no reason for it other than to pad the game out I do not agree with this however. Power differences are necessary because it is fun going into the Dungeon severely underleveled, then coming back a bit under level, then later on level, then even later over level. That difference is cool. I don't want to lose that. But yes, power gains should definitely be changed. No more stocking stuff up in advance, no more exploiting the drop system to get higher drops than someone who doesn't know how to game that system and no more RNG working **that much** against you (some RNG is fine though).
Such as Gladd or... Gladd? I don't think there is anyone left that takes his opinions or statements seriously. They are either verifyably false or an opinion of his that makes your eyes roll.
Those aren't the same people saying both those things though.
It's the kill trackers not carrying over that really bugs me.
But my point was those two aren't the same people. The ones that asked for more armor from endgame stuff are not the ones asking for it to be put into Eververse now.
This. People don't know how to use it.
&gt; rare chance I did 9, two Umbrals, the rest nothing.
&gt; Absolutely the best Dungeon so far!!! Hmm... I really like the aesthetic and core design of the encounters (turning the room around is cool) but Shattered Throne and Pit of Heresy have some encounters that are really well put together in a way I don't think most of Prophecy's are. But I'm not sure yet, still need to solo this one. I might change my tune.
&gt; Honestly, im about to start reporting people for doing it. It doesn't actually do anything. I have reported many people for using macro's AFK in Crucible and a few that really severely pissed me off I tracked to see if they were banned. Their entire Crucible history, even months after I reported them, was still 0.0 K/D with the most recent games being the day I checked. You need to report people through the Bungie site. The ingame report function absolutely does nothing. If it does, they don't look at it. If they do, they fail to identify the exact thing you report people for. Whatever it may be, it effectively does nothing. Except be a vent for frustrated players, which I think the intent is.
No, I didn't. Also, I would have noticed if I got anything even if I missed it in the feed because I was unable to focus any of my Umbrals and after the day playing I was still unable to focus any of them.
Back before D2 launched, I always thought Flashpoint meant one patrol destination each week would have close to endgame power requirements and weird events such as 'The enemy is moving against each other...' would happen constantly. Was pretty disappointed to find out Flashpoint just meant what it is now.
Not that I disagree, but the whole point is that you have to regrind it all over again, so that isn't going to happen.
That's not what the problem is. I know how to make the cryo event on Tangled Shore Heroic. I am not doing it because it is way faster to complete the normal and then complete the same one again. Or even complete the Lost Sector until you have as much progress is still quicker. I always try to toss the ball to another player in The Corrupted at first, but if they are not receptive to it, tossing a ball twice is faster instead of trying to pass it and failing. I think there is a fundamental misunderstanding on this sub on 'knowing what to do'. Just because something is 'supposed' to be played a certain way, or other people telling you to, doesn't mean it is the best or most fun.
I don't disagree with you, but that would be counter to their point. This season, they want you to grind for Gnawing Hunger again. They don't want you to play for a little bit and then infuse your godroll of last year up just like that. They want you to do that all over again.
I agree with that, but regardless of how they ordered them, I think both encounters are very solid. And they are very much different too. Prophecy's are all built on the exact same mechanic and nothing really changes from encounter to encounter. That might be the issue I have with it. The flip room, the minor boss before it and the final boss are all fine encounters on their own, but all in succession makes it feel a bit... Same-y? A bit generic perhaps within its own structure. With Shattered Throne, I really had the sense I was in a Taken throne world and working my way up to the top. With Pit of Heresy, I really had the sense I was delving deeper into the Hive lair until I reached the depths of its hell. With Prophecy I'm not really getting such a sense. I really like how it looks though.
While I agree the story doesn't sound great, the fact you're predicting people are going to have a mental breakdown over a somewhat poor story says a lot more about you than you realize. And a lot more to the point: I have been following this sub since I read the leaks and was curious to see what people thought. There have been countless trans 'jokes' upvoted so much there is absolutely no way the majority of redditors here don't agree with it. The same can be said for backlash to muscular women, yet complaining Joel looks smaller, 'jokes' about women in general and 'jokes' about lesbians. And I write 'jokes', because while you can claim it is a joke, we all know it isn't. If it actually was, you wouldn't be upset right now about /r/gamingcirclejerk making 'jokes' about you and this sub. They are mocking you and you know it, which is why you're upset. Just like everyone knows this sub has been mocking women, lesbians and trans people. At least gamingcirclejerk doesn't attempt to veil their intent or actual thoughts. Do you know what people who actually didn't like what they heard about the story would do? Critique the story. *'We don't like the story, therefor we're making fun of women, lesbians and trans people'* is even more ridiculious of an argument to have seen happening in action on this sub than it sounds. And don't even pretend that isn't what happened. I read it myself. Also don't pretend it isn't the majority of people interacting here, because it is literally impossible to end up with massively upvoted comments from the extreme minority of voters. Do you really even need to be educated that *'I'm not a bigot but...'* and *'I'm not homophobic but...' and *'I'm not transphobic but...'* are an instant giveaway that you are? Because you don't have to label it as such if it isn't, you only do if you're scared or know that it is. Look, no one is saying you need to go to jail for thinking what you think or saying what you say. But this is a social platform. Communicating with people is a social activity. It has all social rules and consequences. You can't honestly expect to be able to say whatever you want and be annoyed that others are upset over what you said. That's not social, that's not how it works. Which is honestly a crazy thing to have to point out in one of many threads around here where someone is upset over what someone else said in /r/gamingcirclejerk or whereever else. But hypocrisy is strong in groups such as this.
Yeah, I really dislike it. It is okay for a Raid, but in a dungeon the mechanics are much lighter (as they should be) but it results in every encounter feeling the same. I loved Crown though.
&gt; The way powerful gear is handed out now feels much more like checking off a chore list than just logging in and playing the game. I absolutely agree with this, but I will point out that in Y3 of D1 and Y1 of D2 people quite literally kept asking for checklist-style rewards to chase and bounties. They are now finally going to remove some of it, and while it definitely took too long to adjust, it is good to remember who asked for this to be the way it is in the first place. This sub did. And they are quick to forget.
I disagree with this. Also, no one says power grind in its own is content, and it also doesn't have to be content. Regardless, the Dungeon being released instantly while requiring the new max is *making* power a timegate. It isn't by default. Power is meant to make you feel weak in a new activity, then comfortable in that same activity a week later, then eventually make it pretty easy. Feeling that progression is actually fun. How power is acquired is not.
It must count some of them though because I have 2000+ kills with it, but I don't think I killed more than 100 dudes with it. Most of the time I miss on purpose to make the lightning kill stuff.
&gt; I really just don’t get it. Let me explain then: they have overwhelming amounts of data, that when there is (almost) nothing to chase, people stop playing. So when they hand out loot like crazy, yes, play numbers increase for a bit until they collapse into nothing because nothing is left. Also, the loot cave was nerfed because it actually got you nothing of worth in 50 hours that you couldn't get something better for in a 20 minute Raid encounter for example. It needed to be removed because people had no clue it actually yielded nothing of note. All world drops were lower quality than Raid drops back then. They literally could not achieve as much Light. I remember a guy on my list farming it for what he claims was 100 hours. I outleveled him in 2 hours by doing a Raid. Had better guns too. People take the path of least resistence. Even if they don't make as much progress or even if it isn't any fun at all. It needed to be removed for that reason, not because people got loads of gear.
Alright, so, turns out only a week or two later they told us Beyond Light is coming. Remember our comment string where you were insulting and dismissive saying nothing as big as Shadowkeep would ever come out again, especially this year? Remember when I said all history showed that September would definitely have something and you were being annoyed about it? Looks like you were wrong. And instead of apologizing, you're going to be insulting and dismissive again. How predictable.
I'd actually like if they put old Artifact perks on class items. As in Rise of Iron-style artifact perks. Don't need to be the same ones that were broken good, but punching dudes to get friends was fun.
&gt; ok let me clarify. Yes, the bounties are nonessential. I see a lot of people say this, but I feel it is a cop-out argument. It is a videogame, the entire thing is non-essential. Leveling up grants you loot, upgrade materials, currencies and power. All of those are essential for playing Destiny the way it is intended: to earn loot and upgrade it so you can create a build you like. Just because you can get some of those things elsewhere doesn't mean it is a valid excuse for this particular route to be ignored. Furthermore, saying 1060 is high enough to do everything doesn't mean 1070 or 1080 is not better and more desirable. It is a bizarre thing to focus on what is essential in a videogame that is meant to be entertaining. The whole argument is basically: *'It is okay if this part of the game is boring, uninteresting, tedious and poor, because you don't have to do it. Therefor, it should never be changed'*. Why not change it? What if gaining XP was actually fun? The game would be even better than way.
Agree, but it won't work on people that don't understand why black lives matter is a fair and valid statement.
Wait, you do? I thought everything except the Daito gear was farmable. Thought those only dropped once a week?
Javelin would be a cool special weapon. We are lacking special options.
Fire them. They support sanctioned murder, they are exactly the ones you need to get rid of. They're doing you a favor of identifying themselves as unwilling to serve and protect. Thank them for their honesty and dismiss them.
What world do we live in indeed, where people such as yourself think the only answer to someone resisting arrest is to murder them. Refuse to cooperate? The penalty is death. Go join the dictators who agree with you, but in a western developed country such an attitude is absolutely absurd. Bare minimum after actively trying to kill the victim, they could have given aid to prevent their death. But they just made sure the job was done. Officers who support murder should be fired on the spot. Those that believe killing is justified if they refuse to cooperate should be locked away in a cel for a long time and never have any position of authority. Police is not suppose to be a gang. They are supposed to be impartial and protect the people. Them 'feeling crossed' and going out for revenge is completely crazy and not what police should be.
The victim tazed, the police responded with shooting, not the other way around.
Not murder him? What is going on in your head where you can't wrap around the fact that murder wasn't necessary? Why are you pushing reality out of the way? Let me ask you a question: if these police officers did not have firearms to use, what would they have done then? The world would implode because the only possible response was to kill, so if that option was off the table the space time continuum would cease to exist? Guess what, in other western countries that have no oppressive police force, this situation would not have ended in death. But go make yourself believe murder was the only way.
&gt; He stole their weapon and attempted to use it on them as a response and training they shot him which is 100% justified. In America maybe. In free countries this is called murder and it is absolutely not justified. America should move to a place where its police is accountable for what it does. Not have excuses. &gt; You need to learn that officers cant solve everything non-lethally and their lives are not for forfeit just because they are police. Yeah... I am done with you. Their lives were **never** in danger, so saying as if I claim they'd be forfeit is absurd. You have no argument so you have to strawman everything. Good news is, within 80 years you'll be in the ground and your crazy notions of justice will have died with you.
Lost?
That is clearly not what they were talking about. And as I said, I'm simply referencing what their reasons were. They stated this, so no, not nonsense.
You **extremely** recommend, do you?
I'd rather they use time to work on other things. It is already very clear when it procs due to the audio cue anyway, so it's not necessary.
Yes, these were the exact same situation. Sharp eye.
Wow, you sure didn't understand at all what you were replying to.
She's a bodybuilder. It leads young frustrated men to call her trans because they can't process a woman being like that.
Dude, why. You can easily get 40 Ascendant Shards in a week. If you play quite a bit less than every evening, you can still easily do it in a season. I only had to go out and get Ascendant Shards twice since Shadowkeep launched. I have two Masterworked sets on all characters, and three extra on my main. And I still have 32 Shards in stock. What you are suggesting means I play for a week and then never have to go out to get shards again until 2023.
Can you /rj or /uj, not sure what you're saying otherwise.
Your mistake is buying them. That is absolutely not worth it. The average Master Nightfall takes 12-15 minutes to complete. The droprate of Shards is roughly 33%, so take the top end and you get about 1-2 Shards an hour playing the game averagely. So it is 20-40 hours to get 40 of them. Call it 30 for the sake of average. Play 4-5 hours every evening and you got it. That said, if you have a decent group you can do most Nightfalls in 10 minutes. I am usually doing 5 and a little bit an hour. The last time I did it (week before this season) I went from 0 to 40 Shards in a week, and I Masterworked a new set and a new Exotic too, so I got 47 Shards total. I am a bit above average probably, certainly above average playtime, but my point still stands that most people should be able to attain 40 shards within a season easily. They are just purposefully avoiding it for some reason.
Cool for people that like following lists. Personally something like this drains enjoyment out of the game for me.
I get that, but wouldn't the argument then be to have more sources of Shards? Instead of just lowering the Shard cost to nearly 0. Just don't do the Gunsmith thing. That is really, really not worth it. If you want to stock up Shards at the end of this season I am willing to help you do it. I'm on PC mostly.
Sure, I am aware not everyone has/wants to play that much, but remember the context we are discussing in. The standing argument is that Legendary armor should have no Shard cost and Exotics should cost 1. Even with your schedule, that means you never have to do Nightfalls again, even if you play for a single season. I'm all for having more sources of Shards, but the economy of them in terms of time vs resources is really not that bad. Even if you were only able to start doing them in the last few weeks, you can still end that season with 40 shards in your account. They last a long time. I gathered 40 in Shadowkeep and only had to restock end of last season.
It was a rhetoric bro. He doesn't want the actual answer.
/uj The story makes sense, it's just that the first game's story was so elegant and had something interesting to explore. By contrast I think what this game tries to explore is by comparison so rudimentary. I like everything I have played of the Last of Us II and will want to play a whole lot more. Everything is on a high level: gameplay, graphics, dialogue, performances etc. I just don't think the plot itself is anywhere near as good as the rest. Especially considering to which game this is a sequel.
I'm just happy we even have an endgame again tbh. Grandmasters didn't pull me in.
&gt; platforming section, which, IMHO have no place in an FPS in the first place. Never taken anyone who said this seriously tbh. Always thought it was a 'I suck at this but rather blame the game' excuse. First person platforming works perfectly fine. And 'jumping puzzles' with the possibility to get knocked off by a boop, voop, or swoop-enemy definitely is a characteristic of Destiny and shouldn't be removed.
I thought we've been over this... Their reasoning for sunsetting, while having other reasons too, is primarily to get you to grind for gear anew. So why would they sunset (intention to get you to grind) and then boost your older stuff (removing the need to grind)? I'm not saying I agree with it, but it is counter to their intent to do this.
That study they are referencing is 20 years old. It's worth finding a more reliable source. Evidence based practice has grown infinitely since then.
Champions are great though. It is how we deal with them that sucks. Forced loadouts that often don't even make sense (use an smg in this area that we designed to punish you for getting close). They should just rework how we deal with Champions, but Champions should stay. They are far more creative than me to think of something fun, but they should take the focus off specific loadouts. Maybe Unstoppables are staggered by dealing a certain amount of burst damage. Like it has a quarter of its health bar segmented off so you can see how much damage you need to deal and you have 2 seconds to deal it or it regenerates. Overloads could be staggered of hit by 2 different ability types at the same time. So a grenade and powered melee, or standing in a Sunspot and being grenaded. Perhaps a Super hit could stagger instantly. Barriers could get shredded by heavy? I don't know.
Tracking already is an archetype. Edit: Precision Frames to be exact. Such as Pyroclastic Flow. https://www.light.gg/db/items/1289324202/pyroclastic-flow/
You can't really blame them when Bungie doesn't acknowledge a single question of the at least 20 posts I've seen asking if they intent to have all archetypes represented. Them not answering that and looking at D2's guns being released each expac/season: it's more reliable to assume they won't than they will. Let alone in every slot and desirable perks.
I shit my pants twice today and it took less time than getting a godroll Gnawing Hunger. Altered Element doesn't drop nearly as often as I can drop a deuce in my shorts, so I am **FORCED** to turd up my trousers instead of playing the fucking game.
Really? You think so? So writing a whole essay that states Bungie and the community can both get exactly what they want, and proceed to state Bungie should not get what they want at all is a clever thing to say? Would it not make sense to say you don't want sunsetting to happen? Perhaps your definition of 'dumb' is different than mine, but OP's suggestion will amount to nothing and they wasted a lot of time writing and doing formatting that no one will take into consideration. Call me a fool, but doesn't seem smart.
I prefer they spend no time on SRL as it was never fun. The first few races were passable, but it sucked after. I am more open to bringing it back if we can add weapons to our sparrow, and shield generators and stuff. Space fantasy Mario Kart with loot actually does sound fun.
But they are anonymous. Nothing that is said to them will have any effect.
Or... Let it do Dark-Drinker damage but keep the 8 ammo cost.
A reason to use an Exotic because the alternative sucks is not a great reason. Bolt-Caster should either deal more damage or cost less ammo. Black Talon could spam its Heavy without losing damage. That would make it amazing.
I'm confused people are shaming it so hard. Hey, look, it's a new thing some people like to do, let's give them shit for it. If people like wearing that, then that's perfectly fine. I don't see why this is a contentious topic, nor why it confuses people that others are expressing themselves.
This title is really ridiculious. Also, they haven't done a strike in a year, and they only did a single one then. There is no 'instead of strikes' as they aren't being made. And they should be! We need strikes, not just dungeons and raids. We need a healthy amount of all of it. Strikes have been neglected for too long.
The arm chair game devving is strong in this one.
You're not the one wearing it, so why would you care?
People that don't read beyond the title. In fact, people that don't even read the title itself fully, they just see 'more dungeon' and they upvote because dungeons are cool. Little do they know OP actually wants Bungie to stop making content a lot of people actually want to get more attention, not to mention have a very unrealistic outlook on the game.
That and bows too. I'm so confused why a draw, single shot weapon kills slower on precision hits than something with a magazine. They said in a recent update they increased bow damage because it 'feels bad to leave something at a little bit of health' but they still do that. Not in patrol or something, but endgame PvE even if you are on level of the activity.
&gt; I fully understand and support the concept of sun setting weapons Sounds like you don't. The concept of sunsetting is to make you grind again for guns. All guns. New and returning ones. Being able to infuse your old stuff up to the new cap defeats the purpose of sunsetting as its intent for you to have to grind again is subverted that way.
/uj everyone should just stop being understanding of the point they are trying to make and just respond purely to what they are actually saying. They never have an actual argument: we do them a favor by understanding what their intent is. *'I didn't realize Bethesda were social justice warriors!'* Bethesda: *'We apologize if we were unclear to care about people in the past. To be clear: yes, of course we are.'* It should become a thing. If they actually have to come up with arguments of why social justice is bad, they'll sound like a broken record and say it is bad because they're social justice warriors. Take the negative connotation they put on SJW away anf they've got nothing.
It's something I've just learned to accept since the game has/had more pressing issues, but the inventory stuff doesn't make sense from a player perspective at all. I'm sure there are technical reasons why it works the way it works, but for me as a player, it seems designed to work against me. Indeed, why can I not use several item buffs in succession and have to wait 15 seconds, while I can dismantle a stack of currency on accident instantly? Speaking of which, why can't I still not dismantle a full stack of shaders instantly? Why do I keep collecting shaders I don't want and can't set anything specific to auto-dismantle? Why are my quests somewhere else from the character page where it should be so I don't have to flip back and forth between two screens that have so much to do with each other? Why can I not set loadouts in the game? Why can I not access my Vault from most places? Why are bounties flickering after I picked them up? Why is there a weird shared capacity of bounties and quests to a limit that makes me have to discard quests so I can pick them up later again, and then not even being able to tell what the quest even is about or where it went for me to pick up? Technical issues, I get it. But my point is, Division lets you set and access loadouts extremely easily. So whenever I play that and switch back to Destiny, it just seems crappy I can't do it. And so on for everything else.
Not sure why you think this. One of my friends doesn't play the game as their hobby and he is 1052 or so without the Artifact. Nearing 1060 with. He was able to do the dungeon last week already. And this is what... The third week of the season? Not saying power leveling does not need to be overhauled (it does) but three characters is really not required.
You don't need to be at the pinnacle cap for almost anything. Grandmasters maybe, but even dedicated players don't really care about that, let alone casual players. You can get to 1060 very easily by being 1050 + 10 Artifact on one character though.
Yeah, they just aren't specifically Ghosts all the time, also other items like ahamkara bones, urns etc. But it definitely still exists.
People are too obssessed with high total stats. The stat total is far less important than how the stats are distributed. For sake of argument, let's say you like Intellect and Discipline. The season pass armor on Titan, which all scores around 65+ stats, is way worse than random stuff you can get to drop with around 55 stats. Personally, I don't see the point in getting only 50ish Intellect and Discipline (again, if that is what you want to go for) and having 50-60 in the other stats, when you can just have 100 Intellect and 100 Discipline with lower total armor pieces. I really don't mind 10 or less Strength on many of my builds. Some of my builds don't care about Mobility, some just have no use for Discipline. Most of them have no use for Resilience. I still nearly can't believe how pointless that stat is. The extreme ends are 10% difference in shields only, not even health total. Not to mention you rare have either 0 or 100 of it, so the difference in focusing on it is often about 5-6%. Which is what... A single shot from a Dreg? If that.
For some reason, you're not. I like Champions, I just don't like how we deal with them. Some, like OP, are asking for mods on any weapon, but then what is even the point of their mechanics if you can just shoot at them to stagger them with basically all weapons you have equipped? They should overhaul how we deal with them entirely. I'm not under the illusion I have a good design solution, but just as an example of what I mean: unstoppables could be staggered by dealing a certain amount of burst damage, overloads could be staggered by receiving ability-damage from two simultaneous sources (example, grenade + melee; or two grenades from two different people) and barriers could be shredded by any heavy weapon. No mods required. Just built into the game instead of layered in.
Bullshit. The game sets up really well that they had plenty of food, especially during her maturing years where she constantly and obsessively trained. Joel's arms are thicker and there is no indication he ever works out, he just goes out on trips. He's a much larger person than Abby too and somehow eats enough food to remain buff. But Abby can't, because it wouldn't be realistic? Yeah, complete bullshit.
Not even a little bit that. We're discussing adjusting quests and bounties to not require certain things going forward: in this case Saboteurs.
He was talking about Artifact mods. The example was the Warmind cel builds with Tyrant's Surge. That mod is gone and made a lot of Warmind cel builds viable. It took quite some time to even get all the mods last season to make that work too, so you basically had that build for a month or two.
&gt; His SBMM video was standard whining how he can't have easy games anymore That is so not what he said.
&gt; He just whines about not being able to use his precious little Recluse for 14 minutes I'm starting to think this circlejerk sub is the joke itself. No, he doesn't complain he can't use Recluse. He completely re-addresses Bungie's reasoning as to why it is leaving also. All the top comments in this thread act as if they never even listened to what the guy said. They just saw his video title and made assumptions. This sub is just circlejerking itself at this point. Getting that sweet karma by hating on someone critical of the game, valid arguments need not apply, we're here for the upvotes aren't we?
&gt; you really don’t have to be there. Trust me, as someone experiencing a lot of old content for the first time, it feels pretty much the same as new content for the first time. I didn’t watch the avengers for 5 years after it came out and it was still a good movie then. And as someone who has played Dark Souls before and after everyone has already played it, your logic really doesn't apply to everything. It might be new to you, but when it isn't new to everyone else, your experience also changes. Take Prophecy, even if you can find people that haven't done it, they will have seen quite a bit of it. You won't be surprised by anything. You will be severely overleveled and you won't have that progressively easier time with it either. It really isn't the same. It is a live game, it is a cooperative game. When you play it and what the perspective is of the people around you matters a great deal. You can't compare it to a movie.
&gt; ...But the video really didn’t have anything of substance other than “Sunsetting is bad; and only bad”. Then try watching it, because it does. &gt; The only reasons he gave were “oh no, I worked hard for this gun, now I can’t use it for another year :(“, and “Well, it’s happened before but it wasn’t as bad then because” and then goes on to describe LITERALLY the same thing as what’s happening now, just in D1. He had quite a few valid arguments, such as reissueing weapons a year later means they basically didn't sunset, so what is the point? Also the argument that reissuing with the exact same roll possibilities is also pointless. He had a lot of other arguments as well, but here you are claiming he didn't. That's what I meant this sub is now just circlejerking itself.
Same. Ran into one 6 stack today so far, 12 games in. Quite a few 3-4 stacks though.
