Pumpkins.
I thought that you meant that she was 23 years old for a sec.
I just wonder how much coke she’s done when I see her interviews. And her current stylist seems to have gotten a memo to dress her as tacky as possible. Her clothes must be expensive but they look so cheap.
I saw The Beach Boys about 5 years ago. Worst concert I've ever been to though I've got a high bar. Brian Wilson can't sing anymore but worst than that, he lacked charm. It was overall dull and lacking in energy. I sat in my seat the whole time. They need to retire.
Surprise Sade. Oh sweet Jesus.
You left early and he wouldn't have ended with Meat is Murder. You didn't expect a social commentary but you went to see a notoriously outspoken vegan who refuses to play at venues that serve meat when he's there. What sort of images would you accompany with a song with that title? I hate the song and I turned around during the video but it didn't come out of the blue.
Artists play for their fans, not people who aren't familiar with their music. His militant veganism is part of his brand. The song was released in the '80s and he's been a vegetarian since he was a kid. It's become accepted concert practice because he's always been vocal about not eating meat and fans know what to expect.
People pay high prices for his concerts expecting the film or something like it though. Which is the point. He might be unsympathetic to meat eaters but he thinks that it’s the best way to get a message across. At other concerts I’ve been to, the bands have asked people to donate. They put up pics up of sickly and impoverished kids to elicit sympathy.
I’m reminded that Diz from The Stepford Wives used to work at Disney creating robots.
Quills and ink would have magical properties all from the feathers. Owls would be more efficient for delivering letters. Telephones would have fixed lines and considering they can apparate and use the floo network, it wouldn’t be necessary. They can video chat with two way mirrors. Their use of owls and memos to deliver messages is relatively efficient considering emails weren’t much of a thing in the ‘90s. A firearm would be an extra tool and why use that when a wand would have that power. They probably do have some sort of television alternative.
That's not a good argument. She created a fictional world so she could have whatever nationalities she wanted. Hogwarts is a boarding school and would have international students. Lucius wanted to send Draco to Durmstrang which is probably in Russia. Most people could list maybe five non-white characters at the top of their heads.
A lot of them would be on the move a lot so owls and flying letters would be rather effective for an email and mobile phone alternative. If they really need to video chat then there are two way mirrors even if they aren't common. I just wonder about the floo network, not every place is connected and or even have fireplaces.
Spells are still being improved and invented. The muggle world didn't start using LASIK until the '90s and not commonly available until much later.
Disagree.
People can crack under the pressure of taking one.
Agree.
Disagree
Agree
Disagree
Set worthwhile goals for yourself and be inspired by some of others' achievements, especially if you had similar opportunities. Some put pressure on others because they do want them to see do well. It's okay to 'find yourself' in your 20s but you don't want to work low paying jobs long term and not having assets whilst the people in your circle are doing much better.
Been waiting to use that one?
It was popular from the first book She wasn’t stuck. She ended up creating Ministry employees, new teachers, introduced new kids, had a World Cup, etc. It would be exhausting and massively distracting to add more non-white characters? You said you understand that representation matters but that came across as being insensitive. It is her responsibility and given how popular and influential the series are. She based the Great War on the Nazis and clearly tried to make political and social statements. Characters like Lupin are ostracised for their race, Hermione is a strong woman, house elves are an allegory for slaves, don’t always trust the government, etc.
A very attractive couple holding a cat is a blunder?
Rowling is supposedly beholden to what’s right and fair and said afterwards that Dumbledore was gay and Hermione could be black. She wrote allegories about racism so clearly wanted to make a point there so there was no reason why she shouldn’t put more non-white people in. I doubt that her world was so cloistered that she didn’t know or see many non-white people. She's a multilingual Harvard graduate who worked for Amnesty International. Why would making the character non-white not ring true? She’s an author, it’s her job to make characters ring true. It’s a highly influential children’s book series with relatively simple moral lessons. Of course she had responsibility to make sure that it is progressive and sends the right message. It would be incredibly irresponsible of her and her publisher to have Harry turn out to be to be a wizarding supremacist. It’s a bit insulting for me as non-white person to argue with somebody who thinks that Rowling didn’t have many non-white characters because she just didn’t think of them. And that having more non-white people wasn’t necessary because it would just be ethical box ticking. And that she shouldn't be criticised for it because it's 'just a book'.
Agree
Disagree
Agree (also no longer open to any other theories)
What part doesn't make sense to you?
Agree
No need to be dismissive. Edinburgh may be very white but it wasn't like that the place was all that she knew. She famously wrote the first Harry Potter book on a train from Manchester to London. She was working for Amnesty International at the time. She had lived in Paris and Portugal. After the first book got popular, she had letters from all around the world, did book signings, etc. So no, her world wouldn't have been that white. You're arguing against her having POC in there by saying that because Edinburgh is white, it wasn't necessary. You're basically against having more POC because you think it's pandering. Yes, I am disappointed that she didn't more have more diverse characters. And I believe that is on her. It would have also been nice for her to mention which characters were LGBTQI in her books.
And she's open to criticism for it. She owes her fans and does seem to care about them. It is necessary for her to cater to the majority of her fans considering her being an author is her job and so she should know her audience. Sure she could have had Harry become a wizard supremacist but she would have lost a significant amount of the fanbase. And I'm saying that it's very unlikely is not an oversight of her living in a very white place in Edinburgh. I doubt that she forgot about her experiences with POC through living abroad and working for an international human rights organisation. She did a lot of research for the books.
What is AP?
It’s such a fantastic show. Very creative takes on the characters and plots. I love the diversity, humour, Clyde, that the main male and female characters are not in a relationship (though urgh Mycroft), and Joan’s wardrobe. One of my favourite shows that is currently airing. I love how diverse the characters and actors are. There are transgender, strong female characters, POC, etc and they are written naturally. The show has taught me some things, particularly around drug addiction. I’ve read every single Sherlock Holmes story and it hasn’t detracted my love for the series at all. It’s very different but written naturally so it doesn’t feel like the writers are being creative for the sake of it.
Love Clyde though apparently he’s a bit of a diva off set.
Gym mat was already rolled as were the other of mats. What blood splatter? Two pairs of shoes, one he was wearing and in the mat. What sweatshirt? There was no fight, he reached into the mat to retrieve his shoes and tragically got stuck.
The only blunder is that bad beard.
Oh hey Joe Dirt.
Wait what, pregnant by her dad? That poor, poor girl.
It might have been. I would have found it incredibly humiliating and degrading. Treated like an animal and have to be seen in public like that.
You think it’s okay that a kid has to pick up shit with his bare hands? Yikes. It could have caused a whole lot of infections and a simple wash might not have been enough.
What punishment could be worse than forcing you to vomit?
His grandfather intended to humiliate him by shaming him in front of the neighbours just for eating ice-cream. Maybe OP was a fat or sensitive kid. Not everybody is able to just shake things off.
That’s a cushion, right?
That sounds genuinely crazy. You plan on shooting somebody for making racial taunts at you? I doubt very much that anything your bully said would have landed him in jail.
He hasn't told anybody to stop eating meat though. I don't feel guilty about eating meat but it really isn't as ethical as vegan diets considering how a lot of factory farmed animals are treated.
How many vegans do you know? Genuine question.
That would be a minority. Also, unless you’re dedicated, eating out would mean eating factory farmed meat.
Aww Bieber.
I’m legit inspired.
The red ones.
Most meat eaters eat meat when they go out to eat. There is ethical farmed meat but those who buy it are still in the minority because of how expensive it is. Unless you know specifically where the animal was raised and certain brands, labels like free range do not necessarily mean ethical.
What paradise are you comparing Melbourne to?
It can be taken to mean that she doesn't want to die and she said that she's superstitious. She would rather enjoy mundane activities like having toast and watching the news.
The ones mentioned in this thread like one that says $50 but only actually has $5 on it. It will make you look bad in front of your family.
Yes it is.
Heh, periodically. Thank you.
Wolverines. I found out when I read that Hugh Jackman didn’t know either.
I know about the company's struggles and all but even though I used to go to a Borders stores in Australia to read books, I rarely bought a book because it was at least 10% more expensive than other book stores.
Knife lickers are the worse.
Militant atheists can be as bad as militant religious people. I’m an atheist and so long as you don’t force your religion on people or use it to justify your bad behaviour then I don’t have a problem with what you believe in. Some of the best people I know are devout Christians and I wish I had their inner peace and calmness. Christian: Believing in God gives me strength through tough times and going to church gives me a sense of belonging. Militant atheist: You’re an idiot for believing in sky fairies and the Church covers up paedophiles priests.
If you try to befriend me in order to date me then you will end up in the friendzone. Let me know your intentions up front.
And a lot of times it’s unnecessary to bring up. Sure, use that as a reason why you don’t believe but don’t use it against somebody.
FFS. Just let people believe what they want instead of trying to put them off it. A lot of local churches do good in their community. You'd come across as being an arsehole if you started talking about the shitty things that the Church is done when somebody is simply talking about what religion means to them. I bet that the clothes that you're wearing were made in a sweatshop.
Kinsey though. The man was a sexologist.
You were a middle aged lesbian.
Quick google. Her hand got caught in a roller door at Daimaru in 1992.
Just read it and I hated it. I found it to be incredibly dated. Plodding writing, misogynistic, and a bit racist. Reading about the story was better than reading the story itself.
Don’t be silly. I’m entitled to mine and my criticisms are valid even if you don’t agree. Try and counter them.
*Metre. Meter is the American spelling.
I'm glad he was there for you when you needed somebody. Hope that you're coping well.
Yep, the request isn't unreasonable even if the reasoning is strange. OP was rude and out of line. I used to work at Maccas many moons ago and if OP can't handle something as minor as putting food into two separate bags then the job is not for him.
It's cool if you don't want a big wedding but don't refer to it as a 'waste of money'. Most people have big weddings because they have a lot of family and friends. To get a decent venue it will cost a lot and I don't want to pass my costs onto my guests. I want to spend as much as I can afford for a party for me and my loved ones because they supported me and it's a way of thanking them.
I've never seen Game of Thrones either. Not into fantasy films and from what I've read about it, doesn't seem to be my cup of tea.
Only place where I tipped regularly was in America. I rarely here tip in Australia. We pay our waiters minimum wage (or should) so tipping is for exceptional service. I hate the American tipping system.
$300 for a properly decorated cake isn't bad considering you're paying for their time and skill. But you can just buy a sheet cake and serve it to your guests or have your friends make it for you, you don't have to get that cake.
Yorkshire puddings.
It's part of the job. I used to do that plenty of times when I worked at Maccas.
It might be a silly request but it's within reason for customer service. It's a 4 sec thing which is part of OP's job.
We're just baffled why somebody in their 30s who earns a good income still wants to live at home and have their mum do things for them. Not surprised that you don't have a partner. You want to be financially independent but you aren't independent.
Heading home and trying to not fall asleep. I’m glad that I made the effort to see the fireworks. HNY. Thanks for making my commute that much easier.
https://www.reddit.com/r/melbourne/comments/7xtup9/attractiveness_of_commuters_vs_time_of_commute/ u/DrBaggySmacker this is my favourite post ever on this sub.
Nominate u/DrBaggySmacker again. https://www.reddit.com/r/melbourne/comments/7xtup9/attractiveness_of_commuters_vs_time_of_commute/
I don’t think that their voices would go well together.
I remembered to bring my umbrella to work. I did not remember to bring it with me when I went to lunch. So I should probably use waterproof mascara.
Eh, people back in the day used to just use read newspapers on platforms and trains. It was hard to move with the broadsheets. Though you were able to judge people by what newspaper they read.
I think that if she isn't gay then she's queerbaiting. Taylor's team are encouraging speculation about her sexuality. There were Wizard of Oz references, her first song off TS7 is with a queer artist, and her first interview back was on Ellen.
I like This Love but I wouldn't miss it much if it were cut.
Is that a soup?
We get it Tay, you’re woke.
I hope that she didn't mean it like that.
Australia.
Shake it Off. The song is what made me a fan of Taylor and her music. It's just so fun and goofy. Loved her different looks and I gave a picture of her in that black turtleneck to my hairdresser.
Nobody I know cares about what other people listen to. There might be very light ribbing but we're adults, it's in good fun. I talk about Taylor to the few Swifties at work. Some of my friends think she's okay and some can't stand her but it doesn't bother me as I might not like their favourites either. Taylor is the biggest pop star and she has fans that range from kids to a 97 year old and from all kinds of groups. I'm not different for liking her music.
I find that problematic as well. The good people are attractive but the bad stupid people are ugly. The beautiful people already have advantage over the less genetically blessed. And bad teeth is usually because people can't afford to fix them.
Not many would know about the things like fence hole counting outside of the Swiftie fandom. A lot of people would be into their own favourites or hobbies like that.
He was so hot in Pan Am.
A gay couple with a cat named after a queen. Are you a cliche?
Elementary is bad with that. It's a common complaint with the show.
How many fish shaped soy sauce packets do you have in your top drawer at work? I have four.
If a pet is bought from a reputable and ethical breeder there isn't a problem. A lot of pets in shelters may have problems that isn't suited to people's lifestyles. Please don't shame people who bought pets from breeders.
Tf for McDonalds and wine for getting me through eofy.
Ask us Australians who don’t have a tipping culture. We manage fine. If a restaurant owner can’t work out how to pay their staff then they should not be in the restaurant business.
Right, because you're the victim here.
Pofertjes though.
That's like, the most popular opinion here.
I don't think that he had sexually abused her before or that she had been sexually abused prior, just maybe physically hit on odd occasions. I think that Burke and Jonbenet went down to have a look at presents in the wine cellar and maybe she threated to tell on him. He hits in her with either the baseball bat or the torch. The paintbrush insertion is childlike or somebody who was unsure of what they were doing. I don't believe that any of them went to bed. Jonbenet's bed looked like it hadn't been slept in. I think that the dropped 911 call was just a coincidence. The parents likely wouldn't call the police at a party about their son, they'd do it when others weren't around.
She didn't endure a prolonged beating or rape. It wasn't a sex crime, the molestation happened after she was knocked unconscious. There were no defensive marks around her neck, they were broken capillaries. If there were defensive marks around her neck, which she managed to do with her hands bound, then there would be much more DNA underneath her fingernails and scratch marks on her neck. She was knocked unconscious before the strangulation. The parents bound her wrists and duct taped her mouth afterwards. If she had had her wrists or was duct taped first then there would have been more struggle marks. The DNA was likely from a factory worker who made her underwear. The DNA from the other sources does not belong to the same person.
It really wasn’t. A blow to her head which knocked her unconscious, some light molestation with a paint brush, and a cord tied to a paintbrush that was made to pull her up.
The furrow is still explained by her being pulled up. I don't believe that she had been sexually abused prior. There would be little point in an adult strangling her or molesting her whilst she was unconscious, especially when she was face down.
Yes. Whilst she's conscious.
Where does it say that the same profile was in three separate areas?
Well that isn't vague at all. What does it say?
There are plenty of alternatives to PhD programs. Talk to some people in the field about alternative paths.
I think that he laid it out in terms that most people can understand. There's good discussion there.
The molestation and strangulation happened after she was knocked out.
I’ve read articles about it and this laid out things easily. The information is factual and doesn’t go against the intruder theories.
The Magpies Haves Eyes III: The Magpieing.
It's clean and beautiful but so expensive. My fantasy is to marry a rich European and live in style in Vienna.
I can only speak as a tourist but just about everybody I saw there was white, aside from the buses of Chinese tourists.
Mika!!!!!!!!!
What did he do at the beach? I hate him so, would like to hear more stories about him being a cunt.
Have tissues when you read it. Awakenings is also great and was made into a film.
Love Garfield.
The offspring of the Owl and the Pussycat.
'Like a child when our eyes meet' - London Boy 'Cried like a baby coming home from the bar' - Cruel Summer
How did your deployment go?
/r/uglyduckling
The Cat Empire
I believe that Burke killed her by accident. They got into an argument about the presents and he hit her which knocked her out. He tried to hide her body so made the garotte to pull her up. The molestation happened whilst she was unconscious, my guess is that he tried to move her but her pants got pulled down so he inspected her genitas out of curiosity. The cover up wasn't extreme, just a bit cliché with the parents tying her wrists, duct taping her mouth, and writing the ransom note. The parents changed her clothes because they didn't want her to be found with her pants down and covered in urine.
Our honorary Australian. We couldn't love her more. She embodies Australian values of 'mateship' unlike our useless PM.
Good luck and stay safe. I'll be checking on you tonight, please keep us updated.
His actions weren’t vicious, it was an accident. And he became the only kid in the family so not like there was anybody else.
I think the motive for hitting her was about the presents as she died in the wine cellar, not the kitchen. Some of them were torn. The family won’t confess.
Do you stop hanging out with your friends and family because they have different political views to you?
He's in one of the most iconic groups ever. He took over from Freddie in Queen.
Hope it goes well with you when you go back. I hope that you got some rest and aren’t struggling financially from being deployed.
Are you shaming his victims for trusting him?
Why are you joking about this? What's wrong with you?
You are absolutely blaming them. A lot of these men were grateful to him because they thought that he had helped them. He deliberately picked vulnerable men.
There is no evidence that the kids were sedated that night. People thought that because they were doctors that they’d use drugs. Even if Madeleine had died from an overdose, it’s very unlikely that the parents knew of decent dumping grounds and were collected enough to casually go to dinner. It just wouldn’t be necessary, she could have had bad reaction from a genetic condition.
Burke. Accident and it wasn’t even that violent. They went to the wine cellar to inspect presents and gotten into an argument. He hit her which knocked her out. He tried to move her unconscious body into the basement, kids tend to hide their mistakes. He tried drag her first but I'm guessing that her pants fell down and he got curious and molested her. That didn’t work so he made the garrotte (using that word for familiarity) to pull her body into the basement. His parents came down then and found her dead. They didn’t want her to be found soaked in urine with her pants down so they clean her and redressed her with clothes that were intended to be donated and put fresh knickers intended for another kid’s present on her. I’m guessing that John cleaned her up and told Patsy to go and write the note to not see him do that. He moved her body into the basement and staged her body by tying up her wrists and duct taping her mouth. The tying of the wrists Patsy put her art supply basket over the urine stain in the wine cellar. I can answer just about every argument against my theory. I've never read any books or seen documentaries about the case. The only interview I've seen is Burke's Dr Phil one though I had already thought that it was him. Burke in that interview said that he had gone downstairs.
It was only touch DNA. The DNA was tiny, even by DNA testing standards and it's very unlikely that an intruder would leave basically nothing. https://www.forbes.com/sites/marinamedvin/2018/09/20/framed-by-your-own-cells-how-dna-evidence-imprisons-the-innocent/#6d5f6d8f4b86 https://www.dailycamera.com/2016/10/27/dna-in-doubt-new-analysis-challenges-das-exoneration-of-ramseys/
A dead Arizona trashbag.
The pineapple was in the kitchen and they went down to the wine cellar. Some of the presents were ripped.
The garotte ties are consistent with what Boy Scouts are taught. I found this the other day. https://shakedowntitle.com/2017/05/01/burke-is-quite-the-sailor/ Patsy and John would have been discussing what to do with the bonus amount so it would have been fresh in her mind. Patsy tried to disguise her handwriting and the randomness was her being panicked and not knowing what to write. She seemed to be angry at John, maybe he hadn't checked on the kids or they disagreed on how to handle the situation. The content doesn't really matter. There's a theory that SBTC stands for Saved by the Cross. Had the note been real then you'd likely tell the police to be discreet given what it said at the start.
The crowd for My Mistake and Jerusalem was a bit flat and I'd swap one for Flower Moon. Diane Young was the most fun song of the night and one of my favourites of MVOTC. The two giant earth balls at the end that were bounced around by the crowd was a great touch. I'm disappointed about Walcott as well, it's more energetic and a better crowd pleaser than Ottoman and Kids. Ya Hey was a good fist pump song.
But do you do the dance?
Pull up. He was standing over her.
That makes her sound like she’s in a bubble if she was so unaware of how her stance on LGBTQI+ rights comes across. She knows the power of words. Some people who have LGBTQI+ friends still vote against their rights.
She’s very clever.
Burke was very unconcerned about what happened to Jonbenet that day and cared more about his holiday. He said that she might be hiding and that they should probably check the whole house. The parents then sent him to the Whites. Children can be very good liars. The parents were more afraid of the police interrogating him rather than the Whites. The police needed their permission to interview him should the statements be used in court. It would have been unlikely that the police would ask the Whites to let them interview Burke off the record. It would be unlikely that the Whites would ask him if he had killed his sister and might not even asked him what happened. The parents likely did worry about what he would say but they would have to take the chance and deal with that later. Fleet has changed his viewpoint of the case and went on the record suggested that people read James Kolar's book as he thinks that it is as close to what happened. The Kolar book apparently points to Burke.
The clothes and knickers were handy. The bags for donation were at the bottom of the staircase. I'm guessing that they didn't go upstairs until it was all done. John dressed her and might not have thought about it and I think that Patsy might not have had input.
Nickname Papi.
Yeah, we want one that looks like a larger kids one with kid friendly colours and designs. With a ship's wheel, noughts and crosses, drawbridge, and slide. One that looks like it was designed for more for play rather than fitness.
Dork.
We say ‘the snow’ because you have to drive out to the snowfields and it’s expensive.
I'm interested in cohosting.
Nobody in the thread used his awkwardness on Dr Phil or his fidgeting as a child as evidence that he killed her. Nobody here has labelled him as a psychopath.
Definitely suicide. He was mentally unstable and sounds like he was planning a massacre. It doesn't say anywhere that he was shot twice in the back of his head. Edit: This conspiracy is ridiculous and the worst post I’ve seen on here. https://www.wtok.com/content/news/Investigation-of-candidates-death-continues-426834351.html This mentions a suicide note. The only mention anywhere of the two gunshots to the back of the head thing is in reference to Gary Webb who also committed suicide but shot himself in the face and head. https://www.reddit.com/r/conspiracy/comments/6ieu16/his_name_was_mariner_durant_he_was_a_3rd_party/dj5tu9c/?utm_source=share&amp;utm_medium=ios_app&amp;utm_name=iossmf So the only pointers to Durant being 'murdered' is him being a gay political candidate in a shitty town and paranoid posts on Reddit.
He said that he had been shot at. I’m betting on that being part of his delusion.
I’ve been part of this sub for about 4 years now. It might be because of James Renner who has posted AMAs on here. He’s written a book about the case.
We Burke theorists believe that Burke hit her and strangled her and assaulted her with the paintbrush. The staging by the parents really wasn’t that over the top. They changed her clothes, tied her wrists, duct taped her mouth, wrote the note, and got rid of the evidence. The White family who took Burke in initially thought that it was an intruder. They changed their minds after taking him in and have strongly hinted at it being him. What is unbelievable is that an intruder who doesn’t leave any evidence quietly sat in wait in the dark and then Jonbenet by herself goes down to the wine cellar where he hit her and the rest. He strangled her with cord that for some reason had a paintbrush handle that just about every adult knew would break and a cord that can’t be adjusted for tightness. Then he dressed and staged her body. The wrist ties were part of the staging because the way that they were tied would have been useless.
Just thought that it also might be part of the staging as an intruder wouldn’t have gone upstairs.
I wish he hadn’t. It’s the dumbest post I’ve seen on there. Nothing that he posted was true.
I unsubscribed years ago because of all the Stephen King posts. There would be at least two posts a week about his books. Other than that they would discuss the same books including House of Leaves, 1984, The Catcher in the Rye, and Flowers for Algernon.
/r/books doesn’t discuss many other genres or books. I’ve read some of his books and they’re great but there’s other books out there. Just checked the sub and nothing’s changed.
Burke. There isn't anything that points to an intruder or the parents. I can answer just about every thing against my theory.
Burke hit sister which knocked her unconscious. He made the 'garotte' in order to move her body. It's not a garotte, it's just a cord tied to a paintbrush. The paintbrush was used as a handle which an adult would not do because it would snap instantly. The cord could not be tightened.
The garrote was made to move her body, not staging.
She wasn't abused beforehand. That night was just an unfortunate accident when Burke killed her.
If Patsy had hit her and she knocked her head against the sink then they could have just called an ambulance and explained away the head wound. Then Patsy would have to carry her body down to the basement and stage it. The garotte wasn't at all complex, just a paintbrush tied on some cord. The paintbrush was used as a handle which an adult would not make as it would snap and the noose could not be tightened. The only thing that was odd was the way that the knot was tied which is consistent with what Boy Scouts are taught.
Copying this from what I wrote a couple of days ago. Burke. Accident and it wasn’t even that violent. They went to the wine cellar to inspect presents and gotten into an argument. He hit her which knocked her out. He tried to move her unconscious body into the basement, kids tend to hide their mistakes. He tried drag her first and it's possible that he tied her feet to do that but wasn't strong enough. I'm guessing that her pants fell down and he got curious and molested her. That didn’t work so he made the garrotte (using that word for familiarity) to pull her body into the basement. His parents came down then and found her dead. They didn’t want her to be found soaked in urine with her pants down so they clean her and redressed her with clothes that were intended to be donated and put fresh knickers intended for another kid’s present on her. I’m guessing that John cleaned her up and told Patsy to go and write the note to not see him do that. He moved her body into the basement and staged her body by tying up her wrists and duct taping her mouth. The tying of the wrists was the cover the garrotte and possibly the ones on her ankles. Patsy put her art supply basket over the urine stain in the wine cellar. The garotte ties are consistent with what Boy Scouts are taught. [https://shakedowntitle.com/2017/05/01/burke-is-quite-the-sailor/](https://shakedowntitle.com/2017/05/01/burke-is-quite-the-sailor/) About the unexplained DNA: [https://www.forbes.com/sites/marinamedvin/2018/09/20/framed-by-your-own-cells-how-dna-evidence-imprisons-the-innocent/#6d5f6d8f4b86](https://www.forbes.com/sites/marinamedvin/2018/09/20/framed-by-your-own-cells-how-dna-evidence-imprisons-the-innocent/#6d5f6d8f4b86) [https://www.dailycamera.com/2016/10/27/dna-in-doubt-new-analysis-challenges-das-exoneration-of-ramseys/](https://www.dailycamera.com/2016/10/27/dna-in-doubt-new-analysis-challenges-das-exoneration-of-ramseys/) The White family who took Burke in initially thought that it was an intruder. They changed their minds after taking him in and have strongly hinted at it being him.
The paintbrush was used as a handle which an adult would not make because it would snap instantly. The strangulation marks would not hide her being grabbed.
I'd be interested in reading yours. I've shared mine in this thread.
They were gifts for others. The gifts were torn which Patsy said that she did. An adult would open the ends of the gift delicately and reseal it. The gifts were from FAO Schwatz so they couldn't get the same paper. And there were gift tags. Burke might or might not have acted strangely at the White's but they believe that it was him. The Whites and the Ramseys had a falling out at her funeral in Georgia. http://content.time.com/time/magazine/article/0,9171,139911,00.html The Whites and the Ramseys were best friends. Fleet was a pallbearer and Priscilla went on record saying that the family had nothing to do with it but they changed their minds. Amongst other things, Fleet has said that the Kolar book which apparently points to Burke is as close as we'd get to what happened. https://www.westword.com/content/printView/6053856 Also, Alyson Schoney who is Priscilla’s mother was in his first interview.
He’ll be legitimate! Lovely ring.
Call 13 13 32. LubeMobile we'll come to you.
There’s no right or wrong way to grieve. Some people cry a lot, some people don’t cry at all. Some people cry later.
Copied from what I wrote above. Burke might or might not have acted strangely at the Whites’ but they believe that it was him. The Whites and the Ramseys had a falling out at her funeral in Georgia. http://content.time.com/time/magazine/article/0,9171,139911,00.html The Whites and the Ramseys were best friends. Fleet was a pallbearer and Priscilla went on record saying that the family had nothing to do with it but they changed their minds. Amongst other things, Fleet has said that the Kolar book which apparently points to Burke is as close as we'd get to what happened. https://www.westword.com/content/printView/6053856
Presuming that the service would specify a space that is suitable for their workers.
His awkwardness on Dr Phil is rarely cited as evidence on this sub, even just after the Dr Phil episode. What is hardly mentioned from that interview is that Burke said that he remembered being downstairs playing with a toy after everyone was asleep. The parents have always maintained that Burke was asleep. Not that it has much bearing on the case but I've read from sources such as YouTube, this sub, and article comments that how he was on the show is how he's like in real life.
You don’t need to donate. Our animal sanctuaries have had a lot of donations, both monetary and crafted goods.
Why did you remind me about fucking Hey There Delilah? I hated that song.
Have a look at my comments in the thread. His parents would have kept him close and well, no small children at home anymore. We don’t know what else he might have done because he’s been very private.
1. White Sky 2. Giving Up the Gun 3. Horchata
Just talk about your celebrity crush.
https://www.abc.net.au/news/2019-12-01/theo-hayez-famile-reject-police-theory-of-ocean-fall/11751146 I think that the theory that the police put forward to the family is most likely. He went walking by himself, possibly to see the sunrise or just relax over the ocean. He got into trouble and fell into the ocean. His body was washed out to sea. The family are in denial and so think that he met with foul play. I think that the bat is unrelated and that it's probably not human blood.
They misinterpreted your initial comment. They wouldn't sleep with somebody of the same gender but they would say 'no, thank you' instead of 'absolutely the fuck not'. And you're implying that they would have a transphobic reaction instead of explaining how they misinterpreted your comment.
I am part of those dozens. This is such a fun sub to be part of
Spice Girls’ Live at Wembley.
I feel like we could be friends based on your shrine.
I could wait a year but I couldn’t wait three.
And Morrissey’s solo stuff. Everyday is Like Sunday is beautifully depressive. Too bad that Morrissey himself is such a twat.
I can't even upvote the OP comments because of how nauseating they are.
I haven't listened to many whole albums and these are from artists that I already liked. 1. Mika - My Name is Michael Holbrook 2. Vampire Weekend - Father of the Bride 3. FKA Twigs - Magdalene 4. Billie Eilish - When We All Fall Asleep 5. Nick Cave and the Bad Seeds - Ghosteen 6. Taylor Swift - Lover 7. Bon Iver - i, i 8. Chemical Brothers - No Geography 9. Ariana Grande - thank u, next 10. Lizzo - Cuz I Love You
Is Cruel Summer by you know who too easy?
I must stop editing the order of my top 10 albums of 2019. It's fun reading everyone else's list.
My favourite. Also it's Track 6.
Burke was rather flippant on that day and suggested that JonBenet was ‘hiding’. The parents took a gamble that he wouldn’t say anything based on his attitude. He was going to have to talk to the police again and by going to the White family then it got him away from further police questioning. The police needed parental permission to question him if it was going to stand up in court. The police did try and question him at the Whites’ but they turned him away. Priscilla White’s mother said that she was his grandmother in the first interview which he did not correct. After taking in Burke, the Whites has a falling out with the Ramseys at the funeral and have strongly hinted at it being Burke. Amongst other things, they’ve suggested reading Kolar’s book which apparently points to Burke. https://www.westword.com/news/jonbenet-ramsey-how-the-investigation-got-derailed-and-why-it-still-matters-6053856
Burke likely did not understand the gravity of the situation so the parents took the gamble by having him stay with the Whites. The parents couldn't repeatedly refuse permission without it looking suspicious and it was unlikely that the police would get permission from the Whites. Better the Whites talk to him than the police. He was not interviewed again until six months later and so the Whites were likely the ones who had the most access to him. The Ramsey lawyers met with the Whites early and Fleet was the first person interviewed which suggests that they wanted to know what the Whites knew. The funeral was only about a week after her death and the Whites had not yet been investigated and been theorised over. Fleet and John had a falling out because John's lawyers told Fleet to back off as Fleet wanted the Ramseys to talk to the police. Then John implied that the killer could have been Fleet. The Whites knew that the Ramseys would hide behind their lawyers and they couldn't prove anything so they couldn't say anything outright. Fleet did not speak at any trial. They likely knew enough but nothing outright and if Burke had said something then it would have been hard to prove. Fleet has said that the Kolar book is as close as we're going to get. It's unlikely that the Whites' memory was so bad that they'd forget something months later.
The Hinterfaickek murders were likely committed by their neighbour, Lorenz Schittenbaeur. He was paying child support for one of the children who was rumoured to be fathered by incest.
Saw him in 2013 and it was just amazing. I tried to get tickets in 2016 but it wasn't a stadium venue and I could afford the few remaining tickets. He died only two months later. I cried so much when he died.
1,000! How did you get to do that? Did you work in the music industry? And Prince's concert in 2013 is the best I've seen.
I saw New Order with Bernard Sumner in 2018. It was a fantastic night. At the end of the New Order songs, they played a short Joy Division show. I've seen Prince and U2 as well.
I turned away when he played 'Meat is Murder'. His music was great but he's such a twat now.
Post from a Reddit thread about Ken McElroy from two years ago. vbrh A distant family member lived there when all this happened. Things you should know about Ken Rex: When he wanted a new girlfriend, he hung out at the middle school. The wife who claimed she saw the shooter(s) met him when she was about 13. He threatened her parents with burning their house down unless they allowed him to date her. He was repeatedly brought to court for stealing cattle, vandalism, assault, arson, etc. Every time, he and his lawyer intimidated witnesses so that the prosecution's case fell apart. The lawyer was just as hated in that town as Ken was. He shot that grocer in the neck after his children were caught stealing at the old man's store. This was the straw that broke the camel's back, as the grocer was a beloved, elderly figure in the town. There were likely 2 shooters, and they didn't work together. They grabbed their guns from their trucks after Ken followed a disgruntled crowd to a local bar and parked outside. When the people in the bar heard that Ken had parked outside, Shooter 1 and Shooter 2 decided they'd had enough, and went out for their guns (in their trucks). It was a crowd of 30 or 40 people, and the identity of the shooters were well known to the locals. Trena saw who did it, but the FBI didn't want to proceed on her word alone when 30 other people claimed she was wrong. Fuck that guy.
I don't think that he inherited the farm though he did want it. He apparently had a dispute about land with the father.
She became pregnant at 14 and dropped out of school to live with him and his then wife. After she gave birth he tracked her down and then went to her family home, shot the dog and burned down the house. Poor woman was abused by him.
Sounds like she got the worst end of the deal.
I hardly ever go on the Taylor Swift sub anymore because of some misogynistic comments. Started disliking it the fist Scooter drama because the fans would attack anybody who was perceived to be against her.
It’s about $250 for a session with one of the founding members and up to $1,000 for the owner though generally about $500 with him. She used to go to Equinox which is more public. Clientele is mostly Victoria Secret models and it’s apparently the most Instagrammed gym. She likes high profile gyms.
That gym also has a boxing ring which she wouldn’t have. There would still be other celebrities around and the workouts there are well documented. And there would be more privacy concerns bringing somebody to her house.
That font and word looks like it could be on the cover tween murder mystery, like a Christopher Pike book.
Bought LK Bennett Court shoes because I saw them on Kate Middleton though mine are a different colour.
The snow looks squishy.
I've owned two pairs and find them to be comfortable. I work in an office and usually wear heels to work. I want another pair but wouldn't pay full price for them though.
I was kissing Valentino by a crystal blue Italian stream.
The criticism with them is that they presented an underdog image despite their privilege.
Is that title an Elementary reference?
Music for Ted Mosby.
Shout out to Eric Vetro.
Vampire Weekend should win AOTY.
I’m very sorry for your loss. Your mother was a terribly attractive woman.
I’ve been part of that sub for about four years. Such an unexpected crossover.
Cringing over at the TS sub because some have been attributing the less favourable reviews due to the writers being white males.
Same and tbh I didn't want her to succeed. She would talk about being influenced by artists like The Cure, Kate Bush, and David Bowie and it was like, where in her music. She'd talk about doing cocaine to The Cure. Her no pants thing seemed attention grabby. She tried to come across as being an edgy artist yet had released a shallow dance song.
That's silly, he was definitely in Atlanta. He had a cinema ticket and was confirmed to be where he was by his friends who had no reason to lie. And there were no flight records of him going to Boulder then.
The ticket was not made after the death, there’s no reason why that would even bought as an alibi. It simply wasn’t possible for him to fly to Boulder and back so quickly. Nobody was paid off. You’re accusing somebody who wasn’t even in the state which is silly. It’s baseless.
The only music countdown that I care about.
Not even Catch 22 and Paper Cuts?
Top 10 please.
The Guardian does not have an agenda against her.
If you're referring to the Slate review, the review isn't sexist. It's not warts and all because of her skin, they're separate points.
He got on an 8:30 a.m. flight from Atlanta the next day. She died around midnight and there would have been no time for him to be able to make that flight. And he would have had to pay off four people which would leave a trace. It is silly. If you're going to put forward a theory you should be able to back it up and be open to criticism.
They are saying that documentary doesn't capture everything about Taylor and is still restrained. The skin thing is a joke about warts and all because that phrase isn't about skin. She still shows her best side in the video. It's not implying that she was or wasn't struggling based on her appearance. You should read the rest of the article.
By only showing her best side then it's not a warts and all depiction of who she is. There's nothing with comments about looks, she even talks about her appearance and people's perceptions of them.
No Vampire Weekend, what's wrong with you guys. Also disappointed by the lack of Bon Iver and The Chemical Brothers. Happy with Billie and Flume placements.
I should have put money on Billie to win and Flume to come second. Blind Freddie could have seen that coming. Well deserved, love them both.
ME! - Taylor Swit and Brendon Urie. It depicts an unhealthy relationship. She's never satisfied, insecure, impulsive, and goes psycho on the phone. He's self absorbed and hides things. They don't work through their problems but instead dismiss others as being lame and boring. They're bad for each other but ignore it all and they say they love each other because they're special. Cater 2 U - Destiny's Child. Yuck. What's feminism.
It's okay though the kids choir is a bit on the nose.
They tested stun gun marks and none came close to the marks on her. Burke's train tracks did match. The DNA on her underwear is miniscule and was probably left by a factory worker. The fingernail DNA was degraded and does not match the underwear DNA. There isn't any evidence that somebody got through the basement window. The rope and other bits of evidence are likely in John's golf bag which was given to Patsy's sister.
I fully believe that Burke killed his sister and can answer everything for my theory and against others. Her death wasn't that violent and she didn't suffer. He hit her with the baseball bat or torch which knocked her unconscious and then made the ligature to move her body. He likely molested her unconscious body but just a few pokes. John changed her pants and moved her body to the basement whist Patsy wrote the note and duct taped her mouth. She wasn't sexually abused when she was alive either.
Burke tried to pull her body up so that's where the force comes in. They didn't have time, they had a plane to catch. There were two adults, one being a businessman who was likely in control. Patsy wasn't a criminal mastermind and the rough drafts were her practicing disguising her handwriting and what to write. It's hard to explain body with a cord around its neck as being an accident. Burke could have been sent to a juvenile facility and even if he hadn't, he'd be known as a killer. And the Ramseys were proud people. The garotte wasn't intricate, it was just nylon cord tied on a paintbrush using knots that were consistent with knots in Burke's room. The paintbrush was used as a handle which an adult would not make as they knew that it would snap. The Ramseys were cleared over touch DNA that probably came from a factory worker. She wasn't sexually assaulted when she was alive. Her vaginal issues were likely from dancing and wiping from bet wetting. Some kids are prone to them and get infections from sources like bubble baths. Patsy took her to the paediatrician many times over those issues.
I could see her doing a beautiful rendition of The Most Beautiful Girl in the World.
Do you have any theories about what happened? I've mostly read about her on this sub and there hasn't been any suspects named over the years, aside from a false confession by a prisoner. I think that she went to meet somebody from her church. Her outfit was somewhat angelic.
The parents didn't defile her body with the cover up. She was wrapped in her favourite blanket, cleaned her up, and had her pants changed. The wrist ties were because there was cord around her neck and they were loosely tied. The duct tape wasn't invasive. The cover up was somewhat gentle and respectful. The parents didn't want her to be found in a puddle of urine with her pants down so they cleaned her up and moved her. Patsy placed her art supplies bag over the urine stain. The ransom note was to point to an intruder. They used clichéd tools to point to an intruder; a ransom note, duct taped mouth, and tied wrists. The Burke theory is popular but there are many who don't believe that it was him.
The marks on her neck are petechial haemorrhages. There would also be more scratches on her neck, DNA under her fingernails, and she didn't have broken fingernails.
Why would John use some cord and a paintbrush to kill his daughter?
Why is the Burke theory irrational? The only argument that people make against Burke is that he was a child.
It isn't based on nothing. The parents couldn't explain away the strangulation as being an accident. He could have been sent to a juvenile facility and been branded as a killer. And the parents were proud people.
The parents didn't kill her. Burke molested his unconscious sister and then made the ligature to pull her body. There wasn't ongoing sexual abuse. She did dancing and had toilet issues which is likely why her vagina was like that. Some kids are genetically prone to vaginal infections from things like bubble baths. Patsy took her to a paediatrician regularly about those issues. She suffered from vaginitis.
And they do feel guilty and it doesn't help the case to bring it up. It does nothing except pass judgment on them and make people feel morally superior. They trusted that the kids would be okay in the room and the kids were checked up upon. They made a bad mistake which they can't change.
Evil people still have some sort of rationality to their methods. If John wanted to kill her then he could have just hit her again and could have explained that away by saying that she fell. There's no evidence that either parent was out of their mind crazy.
At least Vampire Weekend won one! I'd have liked them to get AOTY but that wasn't going to happen and Billie's album is excellent. I'm happy with most of the wins though Old Town Road should have gotten ROTY.
What do you mean by that?
Bad Guy is a well deserved SOTY. Happy for Billie.
I think that Bad Guy has more interesting and cohesive lyrics. Lover's lyrics are awkward in places and the melody and production carries the song more.
The strangulation killed her and medical experts believe that it happened about 45 mins after the head blow which knocked her unconscious. Burke had previously with a golf club but even so, siblings hitting each other isn't uncommon. The parents wouldn't have used cord with a flimsy paintbrush handle to kill her. They could have just hit her again.
Yes. And half of Lover’s melody is a rip off of Mazzy Star’s ‘Fade into You’.
That’s so sad for both of them. What ended up happening to him?
reputation got a nomination for Best Pop Vocal and deservedly lost to Ariana's sweetener. Lover got three nominations and the winners were a good choice. Her music and performances were good but others were better.
Having mulitple writers doesn't take anything from other songs. A song isn't better or worse because it has more songwriters.
Whilst I prefer other albums and songs, I like this list. I'm only really salty about FKA Twigs not winning Best Music Video.
Lorde isn't a bloody one hit wonder.
Taylor was more popular when she won her awards. And Lover was the best selling album of 2019.
It's the not about the aardvark. Arthur is a comedy film from the '80s starring Liza Minelli and Dudley Moore. It's a good film. Arthur's Theme was written with the legendary Burt Bacharach.
Bad Guy was SOTY material. It was huge and talked about. It wasn’t like anything else and it made an impact. Lover is a good song but lyrically it’s not as interesting as Bad Guy and is awkward in some parts. The melody is heavily influenced by Mazzy Star’s ‘Fade Into You’. Lover was the number 1 selling album of 2019 and so was the most popular. And Taylor was the most popular artist when she won her Grammys.
Billie had an EP in 2017 that was successful. She did grow from her debut.
Has reading about the JonBenet case changed your mind about what happened? I don’t read true crime books, documentaries, and seldom watch interviews.
They didn’t screw up. Random Access Memories deserves to win over Red.
They wanted to save you from Norman Bates.
The red is reminding me of the bushfires here in Aus.
Please. It's an excellent album and more cohesive. Have you even listened to it?
She also released LWYMMD on the same day as Katy's Swish Swish music video. She dressed up as Katy in the LWYMMD video in which she held up a Grammy to lord it over her.
It’s called transference. She was vulnerable and there was a significant power imbalance.
Nostalgic pop acts from the late '90s and early '00s. It's such fun dancing to cheesy pop music from when we were tweens. We know all of the lyrics and hardly anybody is self conscious.
She had been called out for years for not doing as much for the LGBTQI+ community. Her finally realising that she needed to do more because of what Todrick said just made it sound like she was in a bubble. She mostly stopped the squad thing publically though still puts up photos of events with her friends. But the LWYMMD Junior Jewels t-shirt is one of the pettiest things she’s done. She announced to the world that way that these were her friends and the others like Lorde and Karlie were not.
The song was, not the music video.
Yes I do considering Taylor's other actions. Katy and her team wouldn't go up against a new Taylor single which had huge hype. The singles flopped and Katy wouldn't put out a video when she would get less attention.
Sorry for your loss, glad that in memorium helped. I think that the in memorium is one of the best parts of the Grammys.
That is a very childish argument.
Hi Kesha! I was never an Animal but I really respected you for taking a stand against your abuser. It’s a small gesture but I followed you on Instagram for that. I respect your courage and resilience. I hope that High Road does well.
Telling her fans to tell Scooter's other clients about the situation isn't much better. Ariana had enough on her plate without Swifties trying to drag her into Taylor's problems.
Yay David, yay,
*Rose
I think that Claire is the one in blue when Taylor was getting dressed for her Artist of the Year award.
After seeing the TS documentary it made me admire Kacey Musgraves a bit more because of how hard it is for country music artists to speak up about politics. Kacey has been blacklisted. I'd love to see a Kacey documentary.
[DMA's covering Cher's Believe](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MmwFnoMoDDg) is so good.
People wanted her to speak out and would have listened to what she had to say. With Snekgate, she was more concerned about her own reputation rather than politics and doing more for her LGBTQI+ fans. She had her detractors but was still the best selling artist and wildly popular. She was hugely influential and young people would have been influenced by her back then to go out and vote. Just because somebody else is speaking up doesn't mean that you shouldn't use your voice. Just about everybody was speaking up back then and Taylor was called out for not because it was unusual. She preferred for people to think that she was a closeted Republican and be supported by the alt right rather than speak up. Maybe it wouldn't have made a difference if she had spoken up about Hilary. Marsha Blackburn still won and it's a good thing that Taylor spoke out about that.
I’m guessing the shirt and book were his daughter’s and he mistakenly thought that they were Asha’s. I think that she knew him, maybe he was a dad from school or church.
I'd bet it's because it's seasonal. Most coronaviruses are a problem in winter to early spring. Italy had had a relatively mild flu season so fewer people died. What the flu didn't kill then COVID-19 did.
She could have set out to meet a friend and he saw her walking and picked her up.
It might not have been planned or the child could have been been prevented from coming forth. The book could have belonged to his daughter and maybe she knew Asha.
See Australia where they recently closed schools again because they found one case each. And the poor kids who were in the same class have to self quarantined for 14 days.
Oh ffs. Of course people were hysterical about that one supposed death. That poor nurse who supposedly gave it to him was hounded and the whole community was tested. The ministers have a lot to answer for. People seem to be waking up to the fact that there are false positives around the world and that people died with the virus, not because of.
Perfect.
Perm.
1. Greedy 2. Thinkin' Bout You 3. Everyday 4. Into You 5. Side to Side
There was a war economy back then and globalisation wasn't much of a factor.
Why don't you think that it's seasonal? Most coronaviruses are and we know that this one hit China and Italy during their flu seasons. We know that it's affected by heat. The Southern Hemisphere hasn't been as badly affected. If you take outliers like Brazil, they already had a high death toll and the deaths from respiratory deaths from previous years should be compared. The hot spots in Latin America are all very polluted with a lot of Chinese migrants.
The lockdowns were so that hospitals could continue with their existing work and take on a supposed flood of new patients. Hospitals should operate at near capacity, that's how they make money and keep people employed. There were articles about this in April.
Australia is going into winter so people are going to be even more paranoid and think that they’ll have it. Our ministers are calling for anybody with symptoms to get tested, even the most mild cold symptoms.
The UK had seen the overreaction to foot-and-mouth disease. And been through swine flu which was declared a pandemic.
There was no real evidence of asymptomatic transmission though. It's possible but experts aren't sure.
I can't read any argument for without wanting to rebut it as I've also been sceptical from the start. The public was scared based on the high numbers and pushed for government action and lockdowns. Whilst I think that the government was too weak and was mindful about the elections, they did listen to the people.
December is so far away :(. I miss my shows. I went to three concerts, an opera, and a musical just in January and February.
I’m in Australia. I was to planning London this year to see West End shows. Even when I couldn’t go I was watching musicals, ballets, and operas at home. I love art galleries and museums. I plan my holidays abroad around concerts, whether they’re classical or mainstream artists. I donated to a couple of arts organisations because it was just so hard when they got stood down. I got through quite a few films during lockdown
Australia overturned its ‘bonk ban’ after backlash though New Zealand continued with theirs for a month.
Inspired by Playschool?
Don't you know about the film Attack of the Killer Tomatoes?
Thank you. I've never been to NYC but of course have always wanted to because of all of their shows. I'd like to go to a gala. I will message you, don't know any New Yorkers and it's so nice connecting with people who also love shows.
Notable from the article: 'Officials told reporters in a briefing that there had been no new confirmed cases, and said the asymptomatic carriers had been found not to be infectious; masks, toothbrushes, phones, door handles and elevator buttons that they touched had no traces of virus.'
That seems to be part of the problem from the start so the CFR seemed to be much worse. I haven't seen many studies where they tested objects from asymptomatic people so it's promising. They should have been done from the start though.
There is so much praise for New Zealand as they're considered a model country for the efficacy of lockdowns. They took extreme measures and screwed up their country for oh, about 200 cases at the time. That makes it look more like they're too incompetent to manage a low amount of cases.
It took years but she's finally getting her comeuppance. Living for this drama.
The CMO’s advice wasn’t good either and now we’re stuck in this mess. He’s still fearmongering. https://www.canberratimes.com.au/story/6770385/14000-wouldve-died-if-we-matched-uks-mortality-rate-murphy/?cs=14263
I can’t stand it when people bring up their ‘neglect’ and say that they should be charged. They made a mistake that many parents had made and they sorely paid for it. It’s been 13 years, there is no point in beating a dead horse.
I was making furious phone calls to my friends back in March saying that the government was going to screw up the country but take credit for 'saving' us. And they're still so proud of themselves. They'll use the excuse that they didn't have sufficient information and get away with it.
I don't think that I've heard about any lockdown money being put into nursing homes. Even after the Royal Commission in Aus just two years ago, nursing homes are still inadequately funded and understaffed. Many workers have limited English skills. The pay is terrible, supermarket workers can make more.
This isn't about protecting him. Germany has strict privacy laws that the media should have respected. He is guilty of other crimes but innocent people have a hard time when the media put their name and photos. And putting his name out there could result in a mistrial.
It's been 13 years. Let it go.
How? It looked like Katy, similar coat to her, and the same car as hers. Even without knowing that Katy was associated with those things, she knew that people would think that it was Katy. Any beef that she had had with Justin wasn't covered as extensively in the press. Taylor doesn’t exactly do coincidences in her music videos.
Agreed. I really disliked Taylor and the Swifties over the Scooter issue. There was a lot of sexism and calling out celebrities for liking, posting, or not commenting on her issue. It was a legal issue that only concerned her. There are rumours why she doesn't like Scooter but nothing concrete. I don't think that Scooter is a bad guy and he had the experience to manage the label and Taylor didn't want that. She wasn't the only artist on the label and Scott had to take care of them as well. They didn't take anything from her as she had never owned her masters. Scott offered her a chance to earn her masters if she re signed with him again. We don't know what the conditions are like with her new contract but the contract length and number of albums might not be that different.
Reference to the leopard print coat which made headlines because of their feud. https://www.celebdirtylaundry.com/2016/taylor-swift-trolled-by-katy-perry-with-leopard-jacket-singer-igniting-another-public-feud/ Many people have seen the Waking Up In Vegas video, it's not just a coincidence. She wouldn't reference Justin's car crash because it had nothing to do with her.
I saw him in concert this year and it was just what you would expect from an Elton John concert. Elton has always been there and he was huge in the '90s. Sang his songs during primary school concerts and 'Don't Go Breaking My Heart' at karaoke nights as an adult. I can't bear to listen to 'Candle in the Wind' because it was so overplayed when Princess Diana died. Back when I thought I was edgy and listened a lot of rap, 'Ghetto Gospel' was frequently played. I like his music but I don't love it. His music is very safe to the point of blandness at times. I associate him with artists like Phil Collins and Billy Joel though I prefer the latter.
FKA Twigs gets discussed a fair bit here. She's popular.
I had a velvet hat with a sunflower on it.
www.teenvogue.com/story/katy-perry-calvin-harris-feels-2-taylor-swift/amp You’re being rather childish.
Is there any country where police don’t have guns?
Tomas Pueyo even had a debate with a leading epidemiologist but unfortunately people sided more with Pueyo. He's trying to make masks mandatory now with his graphs.
What will it take for them to twig that the models were wrong? Months later with barely any deaths even though the models predicted thousands with a lockdown but they keep bleating about Italy/NY/UK. And many of the hospitalisations were people who were already in hospital, like the 3 cancer patient deaths in Vic.
I got ticked off about the Hillsong thing as well. A lot of other events had been cancelled but ScoMo cared more about Hillsong.
Governments must be conflicted about mask wearing. Good control for the masses but they won't be able to track people using facial recognition software.
None when the kids had actually been kidnapped and some of the charges were dropped. Compassion played a part in it and what good would it do to arrest parents after their child had been kidnapped. Ben Needham's family weren't charged when he went missing and he was roaming around the hotel for hours. Bringing it up years later adds nothing to the discussion.
No. I’m against the quarantines.
I live in a large city in Australia. I stopped by the protests but honestly I could count how many Aboriginal or Torres Strait Islander people that I’ve met. It’s not like the black community. There are only a couple of high profile members of the community that people could name.
Of course I know that Aboriginals will be at protests and other speaking events but I don’t meet them and couldn’t tell you their names. Being a Muslim isn’t a race. My Muslim friends don’t wear head coverings and they’re rarely seen in the workplace. There are less than 50K Aboriginals in my state in a population of 6.28M. There are more living in the Northern Territory but that doesn’t get many local or international visitors. 25% is a lot considering how small their population is. The black community is the largest racial minority in Australia.
Many scientists believe that it’s on its way out everywhere and that countries peaked weeks ago. The US and UK are in summer now and coronaviruses mostly follow seasonal patterns. The virus degrades with warmer temperatures and there is a strong link with Vitamin D deficiency. And many people will have developed immunity.
You should stop stretching. The Aboriginal community in Australia is not like the black community in the US. I understand my country better and my experience is not dissimilar from many others. Most Muslim women in Australia do not wear veils. You can not compare a minority with much smaller numbers to your black community. Other black communities in Australia are not treated like the black Aboriginal community. It’s not like there are many Aborigines in America to be considered part of the black community there.
They’re just doing more testing but the infection rates are lower. The number of cases isn’t really an issue though as the majority will be asymptomatic or have moderate symptoms. The deaths skew heavily to nursing homes.
There is a distinction. 25% is a lot, especially considering how small the Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander population is. Remote areas are not the same as rural areas. Even the state where there is a higher number in urban areas doesn’t get as much tourism. The black community is much more integrated in the US society, which was the point. Don’t be condescending. I know the issues that they have faced and currently face. Nobody is dismissing their struggle and history. The world can name the US’s black president but many Australians would be pressed to name a couple of Aboriginea. Yes, their struggle seems to be more like the Indian American struggle. Headscarves aren’t even the majority in the US and they’ve looked at burqa bans as well. A small amount wear burqas and burqas cause issues.
Just because Trump says something doesn’t mean that he’s always wrong. Broken clocks and all that. There is no evidence of asymptomatic transmission. The numbers have gone down and the US death toll peaked mid April. It takes time to gather data for the week and few days ago the numbers fell for 3 straight days. 1 day was below 500 which they hadn’t seen since March. Again, many scientists believe that there won’t be a second wave. Most of the deaths are in nursing homes and it’s not really surprising that elderly people with preexisting conditions are dying. The US counts all deaths with covid-19. and assumed to have had, as covid-19 deaths so the numbers look high. Some governors recently had to revise their numbers down.
The air conditioner is still a theory but many people who were supposedly asymptomatic had symptoms. Patient A1 likely already had symptoms but she didn't attribute it to the virus or downplayed it. From WHO: https://www.who.int/docs/default-source/coronaviruse/situation-reports/20200402-sitrep-73-covid-19.pdf And tests have recently done on objects that asymptomatic people used: https://www.reuters.com/article/us-health-coronavirus-china-wuhan/no-new-covid-sufferers-300-asymptomatic-after-wuhan-wide-tests-idUSKBN23915R
The more testing you do then more cases you find and it also depends on where the testing is done. Meat works are cold places where viruses thrive. It's hard to trust data from any country but with cases, look somewhere like South Korea who did a lot of testing early on. You can never catch every single case and they might have had thousands more undetected cases. There has been no evidence of asymptomatic transmission. The US is the third most populated country and so would have higher numbers. There is a lot of inconsistency around methods and testing across the world and within the US itself because it's so diverse. This article shows that a drug overdose is counted, 99 year olds, people with preexisting conditions, etc. https://www.vcstar.com/story/news/local/2020/04/23/coronavirus-covid-19-california-update-ventura-county/3015868001/ Colorado had to reduce their death toll by 30% https://www.coloradoan.com/story/news/2020/05/16/colorado-changes-how-coronavirus-deaths-state-counted/5198485002/ I don't think that this has been reflected in any world data. Click on the 7 day moving average to see the trend. There was a slight dip on 26 May would be from Memorial Day lag. The rest of the week's lag could be due to the recent issues affecting America. https://www.worldometers.info/coronavirus/country/us/ With new epidemics, the death rate gets lower as they find better ways to treat sick people. Just about the only hospital in New York that was overwhelmed was notoriously bad and already had a high death rate. Due to fear of that droplets would infect hospital staff, more people were put on ventilators as they didn't disperse as many droplets. Early reports from New York found that the mortality rate was as high as 88% among patients on ventilators. https://time.com/5820556/ventilators-covid-19/ There is debate about ventilator usage but after that article came out, the death rate did drop. It barely hit in most of the Southern Hemisphere countries and that was likely due to seasonality amongst other factors. If you take an outlier like Brazil, they already had a high death rate from respiratory illnesses.
Look at it all without the bias of Trump or any other politician or political party. I don't like him either.
‘We’re in uncharted waters’. ‘These unprecedented times’. ‘During these uncertain times’. ‘Stay home, stay safe’. Then there’s ‘essential workers’ and ‘haircut’.
I read a couple of articles about him back in March and thought that it was ridiculous that he hadn’t taken that into account. Then he tested negative which was awkward for him.
Wait, do they really think that you can get covid-19 from strawberries? I haven’t followed Australian media for over a week because the hysterics is too much.
Australia didn’t even have a wave and there are hysterics about a second one. There have been more cases of the flu.
You thought that you couldn't handle about 200 cases at the time that you needed to lock down? You crashed your economy for nothing. Coronaviruses are generally seasonal and COVID-19 arrived in your summer. People are healthier in summer and aren't as affected by coronaviruses. After the borders closed, the number of cases went down because they were mostly from travellers.
Yes. Summer doesn't necessarily mean hot desert weather but it's a season. It was a hot summer there this year.
New Zealand summers may be colder than other countries but it's still summer. Some places were hot, in the 30s. Like the flu, coronaviruses are mostly seasonal. There may be some cases of the flu in summer but they're imported by travellers and flus are a problem in winter. After the borders closed, there weren't as many cases. What was the point of 'elimination'? A few hundred cases at the time and there have been hardly any hospitalisations or deaths. 1,154 cases and 1,132 recovered is very, very manageable. You can't compare with the US, they're not a small island and had different seasons. If you look at other islands, hardly any of them have been badly affected.
I'm not overstating it. Like with anything, there are outliers. Ireland was in winter and is one of the most polluted countries in Europe. Travellers to New Zealand in summer also bring in the flu but there aren't a huge amount of flu deaths in summer. Viruses spread more in winter as the weather is dry people and stay indoors coughing and sneezing. People are also weaker as they don't get enough sunlight. There has been no evidence of outdoor transmission of COVID-19.
There is a link between the hardest hit areas and high levels of pollution. It is a respiratory illness. Lombardy in Italy for example had dangerous levels of pollution with some red zones. There are other factors like many of the deaths are in care homes in Europe and America.
Yay! Congratulations.
There is scientific evidence but science is empirical. You could dismiss those scientists as just 'speculating'. People should work on the most likely scenario. There was no evidence that things would have been bad for New Zealand. There is more evidence to show that there would not have been a problem without lockdowns. New Zealand didn't even try any other measures.
Yes, you locked down over single cases. Japan's population is considerably higher. My 'speculations' are based on scientific evidence and you could do your own research. So if New Zealand did what South Korea had done then why would no lockdown not work for New Zealand either?
And the Jews would like to offer up some knishes.
3 miles isn't that far especially if somebody is familiar with the area. He would have said that he was leaving the country so that his sister wouldn't worry. There isn't anything that points to murder.
It would still be a manageable walk and he would have wanted to be alone so didn't do it in the frat house. The area could have meaning to him. It wasn't a well thought out text but it's not impossible for a 20 year old to leave the country with help. Suicidal people aren't often the most logical. He was only missing for 3 days and the police thought initially he was in jail so they didn't need to alert the students. The police weren't uncooperative, his sister is just biased.
They might not have invented a spell for magical LASIK yet.
Difficult sure but impossible for him to get to? And again, suicidal people aren't usually in the best frame of mind and do things that are out of character. He left a note that showed that he left voluntarily and then the police then thought that he was in jail. Whether the uni followed the same protocol doesn't take anything away from the likeliness of his suicide.
No don't, you'll just make us look bad.
It was in part due to sexism. www.telegraph.co.uk/news/2020/04/04/science-clash-imperial-vs-oxford-sex-smear-created-rival-covid/amp/
Other countries didn’t need to do it either and Italy is very different from New Zealand. Why bother going for zero when there was no evidence of a problem? You don’t think that one case of community transmission was manageable without a lockdown? South Korea didn’t try for zero and didn’t have a strong lockdown. Yes, the season and geography were bigger factors than lockdowns. There isn’t much new information, it was available in February and March.
Reddit should not be doing any of that.
Had NZ done almost nothing then there wouldn’t be much of a change in the death or hospitalisation rate. Not many of the actions taken took into account the available information and don’t have a suitable long term plan for borders. And NZ looks a bit incompetent that they couldn’t manage the small amount of cases otherwise. But you guys are happy so hope that you can rebuild your economy and lives. https://www.scoop.co.nz/stories/SC2005/S00002/elimination-is-scientifically-unsound.htm
There was a lot that the ME and Boulder police got wrong. The ME wouldn’t have thought that a strangling could be accidental. It’s not far fetched at all. If an adult wanted to strangle somebody then they would just use the cord crosswise or just hit her again to kill her. There would be no point in them making a ligature that could not be tightened and had a little handle. Big CEO John wouldn’t make a device like that. The ligature is most like a Boy Scout’s tightening stick than a murder weapon.
It is most likely what happened and I do accept it as fact. I can argue everything for this and against others theories.
He likely tried to drag her by the arms but she was too heavy, hence why her arms were outstretched. The neck. He pulled her up by the neck.
Cripes that was always ridiculous. That was based on the Ferguson model and then with lockdowns reduced to 20. How they thought that lockdowns would go reduce deaths from 80,000 to 20 is beyond me. https://www.newsroom.co.nz/2020/03/26/1101871/covid-19-could-kill-80000-new-zealanders
What do they think of the serological studies?
This shows Chinese diaspora around the world. There seems to be a link with the hardest hit European, North American, and South American countries. [http://www.culturaldiplomacy.org/academy/index.php?chinese-diaspora#:\~:text=The%20main%20communities%20can%20be,Kingdom%2C%20France%2C%20and%20Italy.&amp;text=The%20United%20Kingdom%20has%20the,630%2C000%20(Latham%2C%202011).](http://www.culturaldiplomacy.org/academy/index.php?chinese-diaspora#:~:text=The%20main%20communities%20can%20be,Kingdom%2C%20France%2C%20and%20Italy.&amp;text=The%20United%20Kingdom%20has%20the,630%2C000%20(Latham%2C%202011).) And from a reader comment about Belgium:'On the eve of the covid-19 outbreak in Belgium there was a protest march of care workers in Brussels. Several thousand people met and mingled and then went pack to their care homes full of elderly people...' [https://www.washingtonpost.com/world/europe/why-belgium-has-recorded-so-many-coronavirus-deaths/2020/05/17/7bfd5a14-9492-11ea-87a3-22d324235636\_story.html#comments-wrapper](https://www.washingtonpost.com/world/europe/why-belgium-has-recorded-so-many-coronavirus-deaths/2020/05/17/7bfd5a14-9492-11ea-87a3-22d324235636_story.html#comments-wrapper)
I can’t tell if they genuinely believe that it’s still a threat or it’s just a power play. We blindly followed the UK.
It's not an easy way out. Many families would prefer to keep the elderly at home but it's just not feasible. Just because it worked for you doesn't mean it does for others. It takes a huge mental toll on families and many don't have the resources to care for them at home. In a nursing home the elderly can socialise with people their own age and be seen by people trained in care. It can be safer for the elderly to be in nursing homes.
My local library has reopened: Visitors will need to book a 15 minute appointment to: collect reservations in library collect items organised through our new Bundle &amp; Collect service enter the building to quickly find items on the shelves and borrow. Health and safety To prevent the spread of COVID-19, the following measures have been introduced in line with the Chief Health Officer’s advice: Visitors must have their temperature checked before entering Visitors must clean their hands as they enter (we’ll provide the hand sanitiser) Books will be quarantined for 3 days before being returned to the shelves Professional cleaners will be in libraries during opening hours and will continually clean spaces, amenities, doors, benches, screens, furniture, fittings, equipment and technology. If community transmission rates continue to remain low, further easing of restrictions may take place from Monday 22 June 2020.
Suck it, Tidal.
I go on dates for free food.
Suitable for children ages 3 and up.
It's not a good thing to do but it was considered socially acceptable in their circle. They believed that their children was safe and checked on their kids regularly. Why keep bringing it up? It does nothing but make people feel smug about judging them. The blame is on the person who took her.
There is just no point in constantly bringing. Really, what good does it do. The McCanns have been judged for 13 years for it, let it go. It hasn't added to the discussion for years and that is the only thing that you've said about the case.
Oh do grow up.
Australia was in summer at the start. There have been more flu cases than covid cases this year.
Read up about long term health problems with pneumonia. Lungs usually recover with no long term damage.
I knew that it was a cover but I had thought that it was a much older song. The Zutons released it in 2006 and her cover was released in 2007.
I like Francoise Hardy’s version of Suzanne.
Have you got a link to that? I remember reading in February that in China people were going to hospitals to get tested so got sick. The stay home thing was that if you were sick then wait it out at home, like the flu.
Le Petit Prince by Antoine St Exupery.
The initial one was so that they wouldn’t worry the world and would prove that they had done everything to prevent it. It just backfired. Where is that .41% from?
And how many of those 115K (died with/presumed to have died with, not died of) deaths were children? We don't need to wait for a vaccine, many people have already built immunity.
https://old.reddit.com/r/LockdownSkepticism/comments/h050lf/az_is_freaking_out_about_covid_hospitalizations/
One of the things that angers me the most is that I haven't heard of any money being put into nursing homes anywhere. [https://www.smh.com.au/national/unacceptable-60-per-cent-of-aged-care-homes-understaffed-20200601-p54ybf.html](https://www.smh.com.au/national/unacceptable-60-per-cent-of-aged-care-homes-understaffed-20200601-p54ybf.html)
/u/el_doyen
Ask them why NZ needed to do lockdowns. They had 1 case of community transmission and about 200 cases when they locked down. They couldn’t manage 1,154 cases?
I think that it's just seitan that they've made themselves or plain chicken seitan that they've bought but the brand would be irrelevant. It's easily available at Asian grocery stores, some of it is frozen.
Masks aren't a requirement in Australia and some European countries. I don't see many people wearing them.
https://old.reddit.com/r/LockdownSkepticism/comments/h050lf/az_is_freaking_out_about_covid_hospitalizations/
We never even had a wave. That was a standard summer ripple. And because we've closed borders then flu cases will go down.
Australia keeps closing schools down over single cases.
I hardly ever see people wearing them in Australia. I wouldn’t even know where to buy one. We have had hardly any confirmed cases.
So Australia won’t be lifting the 14 day mandatory quarantine any time soon. The NSW Premier thinks that it’s too early to lift restrictions because there have been oh, three cases. 24,501 people who had been quarantined in the state so far, 128 people have tested positive. https://www.sbs.com.au/news/health-authorities-say-travellers-have-not-been-catching-coronavirus-while-flying-home
They never were.
I believe that Australia and NZ wouldn't have had problems because they were in summer, islands at the time, and low pollution rates. People are healthier in summer and it likely wouldn't have been a problem in winter after most people had gotten it and built immunity and so the death rate wouldn't be that much higher than the flu. There hasn't been much community transmission in either country.
‘It will be your turn next time’.
Depends on if they’re following the Australia route by closing schools again because of single cases.
‘Stop waiting around and bring Table 4 their food.’
‘Another tooth for my home collection’.
I thought that they were trolling.
Ariana: Sweetener
I saw the show at a small sports venue here in Australia. Kimbra was the opening act and she put on a good show even though I'm not familiar with her show. American Utopia was such a creative show, it exceeded my expectations. I was lucky, got tickets off a seller hours the same day as the show as it was sold out. My favourite performance was Road to Nowhere. I'd always liked it but it was so much better live. I saw Tom Jones a few years ago and was disappointed that he didn't perform Burning Down the House so it was so cool seeing the original artist perform the song.
And downvoted to hell in the youknowwhat sub. Sigh.
I don't think that people cared that much at the start because China is seen as an odd country. There was a lot of prejudice towards the Chinese and the supposed bat eating repulsed people. Many Westerners holiday in Italy and things made in Italy are seen as prestigious and so there is more of a positive connection. They didn't realise that Lombardy is like the Wuhan of Italy. Prof. Ferguson said in his Unherd interview 'China showed us the way'.
It was like a long flu season for America and June is summer so less cases and deaths.
They're joking.
https://www.abc.net.au/news/health/2020-05-12/kids-cornavirus-symptoms-spread-schools-kawasaki/12236614 As for asymptomatic spread, see what WHO has said about that on this sub. But China recently tested the objects used by asymptomatic people and found no traces of the virus. https://uk.reuters.com/article/uk-health-coronavirus-china-wuhan/no-new-covid-sufferers-300-asymptomatic-after-wuhan-wide-tests-idUKKBN23915T?utm_source=reddit.com
I’d watch the heck out of that.
Just about all viruses have been less deadly than they thought. I still don’t understand why they thought that this one would be any different. It’s not even that new, it’s a coronavirus.
We've known since March who was likely to die from covid-19, hence the 'save grandma' campaign. There were scientists who said that nursing homes should be protected. We knew from China that people were getting infected at hospitals and that's a reason why they were so crowded. We knew that the IFR was going to be much lower because China and Italy hadn't counted asymptomatic patients. The numbers for all pandemics are always higher at the start but testing shows the fatality rates. In Italy, they said in March that only about 12% showed direct causality and most had pre-morbidities and we knew about the link with pollution. And Italy had had a relatively mild flu season so they died from covid-19. There have been years of research into coronaviruses and it was highly likely that this one would be seasonal. By reacting the way we did it made it worse. People were afraid to touch each other. Border closures meant that carers in Europe left leaving the elderly worse off.
They've moved to the bottom of my travel list because it's one of the worst strategies in the world and the mania seeps into Australia. And I can't stand the smugness from the Kiwis. I don't even want to spend my tourist dollars within Australia because I'm fed up with the way that the government has handled this.
Maybe next year when it's flu season again in the Northern Hemisphere. Or it will just die out.
China did recently test asymptomatic carriers recently and objects used by them found no trace of the virus. https://uk.reuters.com/article/uk-health-coronavirus-china-wuhan/no-new-covid-sufferers-300-asymptomatic-after-wuhan-wide-tests-idUKKBN23915T?utm_source=reddit.com
Aww, so innocent.
I think because tween girls idolise female artists more. Maybe I’m just thinking back to when I was a tween girl but I cared about what Britney was doing but even though I had a poster of Justin, cared less about his personal life. Britney was like a big sister. I can barely remember what any of the men was wearing or doing. The boys didn’t care much about the male singer’s personal lives. The standards are different but the relationships are built in different ways. Most of us on here discuss female pop artists more. Bruno is popular but he’s not really a ‘celebrity’ the way Taylor is. People don’t care about much other than his music and he’s more private. Taylor is one of those true celebrities where people discuss everything about her and she gets papped a lot.
Back at the start of March, I accurately predicted the death toll for Australia until the end of June. They were predicting thousands dead even with lockdowns. I have an Arts degree! I have a very basic understanding of modelling and wasn't particularly interested in science before this. It's just embarrassing and shameful that much more learned professionals got it so wrong.
Girls like Britney and Taylor are marketing dreams and they sell products better. They wanted to be ‘celebrities’ and so have to be more mindful about their image. They are more scrunitinised because people are more interested in them. It mostly works for them too because they get more publicity and more fans but it can turn dark. You also get girls like Adele who are huge but aren’t ‘celebrities’.
I did the same. He was so swoonworthy. My crush for him lasted longer than for JTT, Devon Sawa, Josh Harnett and the rest.
You look like how I pictured Karen Brewer after she got a haircut from Gloria.
From March. https://www.northcentralpa.com/community/increased-uv-exposure-may-limit-spread-of-new-coronavirus/article_8cb02104-6948-11ea-9e80-7754431747f9.html
What the hell is wrong with him? Haven't you all twigged that cases is irrelevant? An increase of 25 is nothing. There have been more cases of the flu this year. Have a look at Singapore, over 40,000 cases and only 22 deaths.
I just had to call a counselling hotline. I had to scream. There is no 'reward'.
There is nothing to be proud of on your side.
I’ve got sources from Australia. But keep congratulating yourself over nothing.
Sweden is doing fine. Not that many excess deaths from previous years.
They do have immunity and there is immunity from T cells, not just antibodies. No, have a look at the excess deaths from previous years for Sweden. Sweden could have done better to protect the nursing homes with their hospital policy but their strategy overall is not wrong. They knew where the deaths would be so why lock up the rest of the country. Even in Australia, 26 were from nursing homes and a few cancer patients. See Japan and South Korea who didn’t have much of a lockdown. The models also predicted nearly 100,000 deaths for Sweden.
Rough night for me as well, I barely slept. I miss my concerts so much. I went to three just this year. I can’t even watch concerts on YouTube because it just hurts. I wish I’d left Australia before the border closures and gone to somewhere in Europe. Even with the restrictions I could have done seen a bit of the country.
Can any Brazilians on here please weigh in on the high amount of cases?
I haven’t been on Facebook for a couple of weeks and have tried to avoid Australian media. Checked the /r/Australia sub but my blood pressure keeps rising whenever I go on there. Something like 25 new cases and look at our population.
Police will be knocking on some doors to ensure that people are following quarantine orders. They were fining people for gathering early in the year and for doing something ‘non essential’. And many jobs won’t be coming back as wfh extended until 31 July.
It comes to .0136 based on confirmed numbers. And now the other states want to stay closed and the NSW Premier wants people to ‘rethink travel to Vic’. And the weather is getting colder and they’re telling anybody with symptoms to get tested. The people in the hospitals were likely already there for other reasons. They have counted cancer patients in their death toll. I feel so blue. I don’t know what more proof that they need.
Poor guy. He had to fight off a couple of girls accusing him of being their baby daddy years ago. I read the Twitter accounts today because his name was trending and it just didn't seem believable.
I was supposed to be in England and other countries now. I'm going to go Sweden next year and couple of other European countries, depending on where the concerts are. I'd be down to meeting Redditors for the first time there.
It was Michael Caine.
Another member of the same political party wrote this article. https://www.theage.com.au/national/victoria/new-covid-19-restrictions-will-be-needed-for-anti-vaxxers-20200616-p55330.html
The effects of hotel quarantines in Aus. https://www.google.com.au/amp/s/amp.abc.net.au/article/12225370
You don’t get many elderly people going to concerts and music fests. And the elderly should make their own decisions if they want to go to live sports events. Many of them are held in open stadiums anyhow.
Explain Australia and some European countries. Masks are uncommon and apart from hardware stores, I don't even know where to buy them.
You don't have very good arguments for mask wearing. There is no reason why it would work in some countries but countries that don't wear them don't even have that many confirmed cases.
Victoria has just closed two more primary schools downs over single cases. Scientists have admitted that the models were wrong for Aus and that many will have already had it.
People seem to be more afraid of asymptomatic cases. You can be an asymptomatic carrier of just about every virus, including the flu.
Yes the flu. Also according to the NHS, '77% of flu infections’ have no symptoms, say experts.
They do, cripes. https://lawcenter.giffords.org/resources/publications/shootings-spike-in-summer-months/
That is unsurprising considering that they're in summer now. https://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/2020/06/22/heatwave-could-lower-coronavirus-transmission-rates-study-shows/
Apparently that is the case. https://www.outdoorlife.com/story/guns/how-cold-weather-can-kill-bullet-trajectory/
Can somebody weigh in on the death toll? The country has a huge population and is the death toll that different from previous years?
The site and table of contents aren't that slick but it provides a good summary. The book is backed by a few experts.
Why do we even need one? We know about T cell immunity and antibodies. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WbWJ4xIPAkA
She was a good actress and beautiful in the ‘90s. A Perfect Murder, Great Expectations, Emma, etc.
Keanu was so wooden in Bram Stoker’s Dracula. Adorable in the Bill and Ted films.
From Australia: https://www.abc.net.au/news/2020-06-01/coronavirus-queensland-nathan-turner-no-covid-blackwater-autopsy/12307546
Do you have a source for that? Why is using a pulse ox bad?
Define 'whinging'. https://www.abc.net.au/news/2020-05-09/serious-mental-health-incidents-in-coronavirus-hotel-quarantine/12225370
There have been a low amount of cases identified from travellers. They should at least test people before putting them into hotels. It is appalling that people suffering are dismissed as 'whinging'. https://7news.com.au/lifestyle/health-wellbeing/melbourne-coronavirus-quarantine-hotel-complaints-after-nz-man-arrives-to-find-it-unclean-c-1126394
I doubt it. The BLM protests were peaceful and unfortunately there is overwhelming support now for our state government.
Is the government getting flack for this or are people looking for an excuse to hate on Muslims again?
Him closing the borders created a lot of this mess.
I should clarify. There have been hundreds of travellers who were forced to quarantine but only a relatively small number had the virus. Not all travellers test positive. And the total number of positive cases is very low compared to our population.
The 'success' of Australia is because we were in summer, an island, and have a low pollution rate. There likely would have been more cases early in the year but testing wasn't widespread. Had we done nothing it's likely that the death rate wouldn't be that much higher, even if there were more cases. Swine flu had close to 40k cases and less than 200 deaths. This is we did for swine flu: CONTAIN: Activated on 22 May 2009 after several cases of H1N1 flu were reported in various states of Australia. This phase of the plan aimed to contain the spread of the flu by encouraging those who were sick to stay home, quarantine, and isolate themselves. This also gave authorities in all states the option to close schools if students were at risk. All states and territories ordered students returning from countries where flu was widespread (Canada, Japan, Mexico, Panama and United States) not to return to school for a week after entering Australia.States outside Victoria decided to prevent students returning to school for a week if they had visited Victoria.
Australians are buying up toilet paper again. Are we in March? Last week, my supermarket had a full aisle and toilet paper was even half price. This week, empty aisles.
Everything points to suicide. People want it to be more than it is.
Masks aren't a thing in Australia and many European countries. Arbitrary measure. Crowds aren't that much of an issue, see BLM protests and deaths did not spike from that. Cases in Aus didn't even spike from those. One of the reasons why Aus didn't have many deaths is because we were in summer at the start of the pandemic. All the hysteria about cases is nonsense.
Lockdown didn’t do much as the virus had been circulating in the country earlier, likely last year. Cases are increasing because they are doing more testing and including antibody tests. Their deaths peaked in April and deaths and hospitalisations are the more relevant metric. Singapore has a much lower population than Aus but has 42k cases and only 26 deaths. Many Aussies likely got it early in the year but didn’t notice because we were in summer.
I get that bit, workers needed time to stock shelves. My local Woolies added store limits, safety barriers, and made the entrances and exits one way. This was after all the panic buying and there were hardly any shoppers which made them particularly useless. It’s like a ghost town in the evening.
Have you got a link to them acknowledging that?
That would be great if you can, thanks. He put this out but it would be good to see where they did expect deaths from vaccines. Him wanting to deliver 7b doses is insane. https://www.gatesnotes.com/Health/What-you-need-to-know-about-the-COVID-19-vaccine
No they wouldn't have been. It was already circulating in the population, likely last year in the US. Had there been no lockdowns then the death rate would be about the same. Might even be a tad less because the postponed elective procedures. The deaths include everybody who dies with the virus. There are more infections because they are doing more testing and counting antibody tests. Deaths peaked in April.
Way to push an agenda..
And the mother of Ted's daughter was named Carol Ann. And the Petersons who include Scott, Drew, and Michael who killed their wives.
I'm seeing more articles about cracked glass opacity in lungs. That also occurs with other flus and pneumonias. From 2008 https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC4941884/ .
People think that an FBI job means that you can make everything go away. One agent really doesn't have that much influence, you'd need Obama level connections to be able to pull that off. People aren't going to risk their jobs for an agent who is relatively low on the totem pole. Many posters on here aren't even white. That Twitter post is disgraceful. I hadn't even heard of the suicide theory.
This is probably your only comment on this sub and conveniently it's about this. I've been reading threads about Kendrick's case for years and yours is the only one that has said anything like that. The issue starts with his parents.
Not to that extent. Shelves were empty and they had to bring on more staff to restock in the evenings. They were doing special early morning shopping hours for the elderly. The hours are mostly back to normal though one of my supermarket’s hours seem to be a permanently changed though.
And reopen the borders.
After he opens borders then other countries will follow.
Horny '98 - Mousse T. feat. Hot 'n' Juicy https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dH8WvayAo1M
My Name is Michael Holbrook by Mika. It was his fifth album so after he was established as an artist. It shows growth and isn't drastically different from his older albums.
I believe that it Burke accidentally killed his sister and can argue just about everything for my theory and against other theories. People just get caught up in the details.
It wasn't a 'garrote'. It was just a bit of cord tied to a paintbrush stick with a noose that couldn't be tightened. An adult would not make a device like that with a flimsy handle but would pull crosswise if they wanted to strangle her. They could just hit her again to kill her and it might not even leave a mark. He made it to pull her body up and hide it but inadvertently strangled her. He didn't realise that she was still alive. Look how small the 'garrote' is. https://shakedowntitle.com/2017/05/01/burke-is-quite-the-sailor/
I'm anti-mask. It never occurred to me to wear one and I didn't know that they were mandated in many parts of America until this sub. I live in Australia which is considered to be a 'success' and I hardly ever see masks being worn.
https://nyshc.health.ny.gov/web/nyapd/new-york-state-flu-tracker NY had a very high number of flu cases (covid or not to be debated) last year and in Jan and drastically went down mid March. Part of it could be they that they don't have the numbers yet.
No, look into why ICU beds are full in Texas. Look into why New York's death rate was higher and why that is unlikely to be repeated. Young people infect older people but again, many people have already been infected. See the antibody tests and T cell immunity. It was circulating from last year and so infections would have peaked and gone down before the lockdown and mask wearing. There won't be that many more deaths as they peaked in April and now it is summer for you and treatments have improved. They're not overusing ventilators like they did in New York for one.
A spike in comparison to what? To the limited amount of testing and poor tests that were done early on? Most people will have been exposed. They are also including antibody tests and those people would have been infected earlier. And see how effective those tests are, they return a lot of false positives and negatives.
He has likely blocked it out in his memory. He didn't seem to be fussed when he was a kid and has said that he doesn't remember much. He wasn't 'psychotic', it was an accident and his parents kept him close. And she had gone and it would have been unlikely that he would be alone with small children. He tried dragging her first, hence why her arms were outstretched but couldn't manage. He didn't lift her body, John did that after he and Patsy found her strangled.
Ah yes, that small and irrelevant increase in case numbers is having everybody lose their minds. I'm disgusted by how the Premiers are acting. Unfortunately the masses want New Zealand's 'success'.
RemindMe! Two weeks
Deaths were going down after those events. Again, go and see why ICUs are filling up and this sub has already explained it. Deaths and hospitalisations aren’t going to dramatically increase. Don’t be so sure of yourself. And you haven’t answered. And wasn’t your argument about masks? You keep changing your goalposts.
Hysteria, over ventilation, putting hospital patients into nursing homes, border closures which could have meant that some migrant carers would leave, etc would contribute to that.
Oh my. Run Away With Me is wholesome, Raw Me is a bit less so.
There would be in rare cases but have a look at the effects of pneumonia. 'Many patients do suffer from easily getting tired for a couple of months after having had pneumonia, but this gradually improves. Amazingly, even with severe pneumonia, the lung usually recovers and has no lasting damage, although occasionally there might be some scarring of the lung (rarely leading to bronchiectasis) or lung surface (the pleura).'
Look up John (most common J name) Neiman, Texas. He checks out.
Wait, the guards were actually having sex with the quarantined travellers?
