Considering the end grain is where moisture and rot can enter more easily, it'll never be as good as a regular log home. But it could last quite a long time done correctly. Surely long enough for a shed.
The 3.0 is underrated. Main failure is head gaskets in the back. After doing that the rest of the driveline tends to last longer. The 22re is great in that it's like a Lego engine, swapping parts is way easier. But they also like to pop head gaskets. And the timing chains fail often. Kinda boils down to do you want better fuel economy or better power. And the last thing is you can swap a 3.4 straight up into a 3.0 really easy. Using the same transmission and engine mounts and everything. Personally, I've had lots of both, and while reliable, the 22re's 90-something horsepower just doesn't cut it.
Nope, but as others have said, ethanol free is better. If you can't get 87 ethanol free, and don't want to pay for 91, then marine stabil is a decent additive to help with the seals and rubber bits. If you are storing it for any significant period of time, stabilizer is a good idea anyways.
it is a ticky sombitch isn't it. Maintenance is super important on those. Oil changes on time with quality oil go a long ways.
There's another coolant reservoir on your passenger firewall. It injects coolant in the cylinder on cold starts to help with raising compression. 3 psi of fuel should be enough to start as it'll still fill the carb, might just starve at high RPM's. You have an aftermarket carb with no choke? that's going to suck in the cold. If you still have the Nikki, there should be a manual choke throttle cable. Pull knob is on the dash below and to the right of the ignition.
yeah it just drains out the bottom. I like to put it up on jackstands so that a bucket or gas can fits underneath. Especially when i don't know how much gas is in there.
You dilute it.. It's not too bad to use at all. remember, put the acid in the water, not the water in the acid. Try 10-1 water/acid first, then ramp up depending on your preferences. 2-1 tends to be pretty freaking strong and will involve PPE. But 10-1 is usually just fine. Wear safety glasses and put down a towel, spray from a bottle, and use a brass bristled brush. Flush wash with plain water, and let it air out. It's the only way i would do it after trying lots of stuff on my fireplace when i did the same. It was effective.
If it's still the two piece design, yes you can, it's just fiddly. Did it that way on a 93 XJ. It's accessible after you remove the oil pan and remove the rear crank block.
The Iroquois confederacy was in essence a communist and socialist state. It's really one of the only ones i know of as a decent historical representation. No private land ownership, pooling and sharing of collective outputs, etc. It's also one of the main driving forces behind the american constitution with it's representative democracy and sets of checks and balances. It was also a very small and pretty homogeneous culture. And it really only worked because most everybody shared the same values.
Depends on the kind of remote. If you still have the chip, you can buy the cases only and put your chip in for like $10. If the key is integrated it'll be more since you need to have the key cut to match.
https://imgur.com/a/dJN3Q Only afters that i took related to the tile work. The black ring left is actually adhesive, and was covered by the new surround so i didn't bother grinding it. The brick was similar to the back of the fireplace in color. You can see the line where i stopped cleaning the firebrick when i realized i was going to replace it anyways.
This should be further up. It's really the only tried and true method to know how sharp it is. On clean fir, every other fillup just cause, and that was about 6-8 cords. On the holly tree i just cut down, 3 times for 20 cuts.
exactly. 100 hp in a bike is much faster than 300 in a mustang.
Disconnect the steering linkage. It's damn near impossible to get the oilpan off otherwise.
in my state (WA) you'll need a Death Certificate, copy of the will, and a certificate of inheritance. The latter can be done at the dealership. Call your local Dept. of Licensing to see what your state requires. You still need to pay income tax for the sale of the vehicle here in that case.
Because with a large shed you'll have some settling, and that could pull the wall away. If you have a separate pad and shed, it won't affect anything else. And man, 6' above their grade is going to make that an insanely high fence. Like structural engineer time high. You'll need a giant footer built otherwise it'll fall inwards. The scale you are talking about is large. Like concrete, excavators, rebar, engineering, permitting, etc. large. Not really DIY unless that's the sort of thing you do for a living.
Interesting. But if you read it, it says about an equal number of people have a raise in blood pressure, as have a drop, after salt ingestion. Which leads me to believe that they would need to have everyone on a controlled diet for long enough before hand to have a baseline to tell. The body adapts. I'm sure a bunch of salt will affect a person with a really healthy diet differently that someone who eats takeout every day.
Like for flat towing behind a vehicle? Depends on the year, they make them for the Spyder MR2. If it's older you can probably custom make a bracket as well to fit a universal tow bar., but a tow dolly is going to be cheaper and work on multiple cars.
That's true, especially with tile grout. But the main reason not to use a steel brush is to not scratch the brick to hell. A brass brush is stiffer than a nylon and doesn't rust (much), but it also is much less likely to have bristles come off or to scratch the brick. I started with a nylon and moved up to brass. Always try the softest option and most dilute cleaner first. You can always ramp it up later.
Coming back down towards Mt Hood from the Bachelor side last year. Sun had hit the hill, and then it refroze and was like a sheet of fucking ice. I'm doing 45, coasting in gear and 4WD, still barely slipping, it was as fast as i could possibly go. The ski mom brigade in their tahoes were pissed. Honking, flashing lights, etc. There's no pulloff, and i'm not speeding up. So at the next two lane split 3 of them in a row passed me. Within a mile, 2 on the lid, one on its side in the ditch. I pulled them back out with my tow strap and made sure they were ok, but once i knew that they were fine i couldn't help but smile.
smoking inside in a trailerhome bad.
This needs to be further up. I have a 7.3 and a 5.9 and like them. But i would never buy another one. They have gone up so far in price that they just make no sense to purchase. You can buy a 10 year newer gas truck with less miles for the same money. And the 7.3's and 5.9's in his price range are going to be worn out. Sure the engines go for a long time, but the rest of the truck still has to be maintained. and the 6.0's are easy 300k mile engines too. Plus lets not forget that the truck itself will be much nicer. Just the interior quality alone should be able to make that decision a no-brainer.
Yeah but then you have to drive a rattletrap and bulletproof the trans. Plus that interior on the 12V is garbage.
Test for power at the motor. If it has it, then jump 12v using a fused wire to the motor and see if it works. If not, it's the motor. If it doesn't have power, then it's an electrical issue.
His price range is $15k. You can't really get a nice diesel for that. You can get a nice gasser though.
Fiberglass resin. That's what they are made of so it'll stick well. You'll need white tint too.
It needs WiFi, but that's what i have at my house. It's rad, i can open my garage door and see if it's open or closed from wherever. I went camping last year and was in such a hurry i left it open. Remembered at the campsite like 3 hours away, and closed my garage door without having to go home.
Well that's because the manuals are rare. Someone gave me 9k for my 2001 4Runner manual with 180k. It took 3 hours to sell. If you really want one, that's what they cost. But tbh, the auto is better in almost every way for offroad. I swapped a TH350 into my wheeler so it isn't a manual anymore.
If they have a thick enough accent you cant understand them, or they write so small/illegibly you can't see the board from the front row. Find another teacher. Looking at you undergrad math classes. You need to know that shit forwards and backwards moving on, so you need someone who isn't just stuck there and doesn't care.
16 stitches in my dome from eating a cupcake while running. I hit some bleachers that were around a corner. I hit myself with a pipe i was using as a cheater bar and have a nice one between the eyes. I was dancing backwards while mocking my buddy when i was little and fell into an open manhole. 7 stitches on my chin. I tried to do a wheelie around a corner on my dirtbike and looped out in 5th gear, on pavement. Wrist surgery scars. I broke the shit out of my ankle playing tennis, with myself. I got home from getting a cortisone injection, and was playing with a r/c boat and the choke stuck open, creating an airplane. 27 stitches. From the same doctor i saw an hour earlier. Sadly i have more. I'm sorry mom, thanks for having good health insurance.
Could be a moisture detector underneath the water heater.
Where's the cigarette lighter/ashtray?
I just took a 91 F150 in trade with 37,000 verifiable miles. Some people don't drive much.
doesn't look like it went through the basecoat. It also doesn't look like it'll buff out. If you have extremely steady hands, and a tiny paintbrush (or an airbrush is awesome), you could fill it with real catalyzed clearcoat (not touch up paint). It'll take a couple passes to fill it. Then you wetsand it flush and buff it out. I've done that on multiple customers cars for key scratches and such.
You'll need to fix the evap system. It's a common issue on those.
Ended up in montana when i was driving from washington to idaho. Wasn't paying attention to the signs, just bullshitting with a buddy and drove an extra half hour too far.
check your wheel bearings.
if it's bad enough of a leak to smell, it's bad enough to be able to find. UV dye might help but makes a mess. Could be anywhere in the coolant system, but i would check the radiator first.
Drill a well. Other than that swap my electric oven for a propane and same with my water heater, fridge/freezer, and stove. Get a large propane tank. Having a cabin that doesn't have electric service, it's really not that different than my house. Just runs off propane instead. The well has a holding tank at the top of the hill.
Well they asked, and no, not nearly that bad. It would assume you already have a well, that's the hard part. but if not, you can make a surface water well in my area pretty easily for under a couple grand. Propane fridges/freezers are kinda expensive. about half over again as much as normal, so like $1200 for a good one. Propane stoves are about the same, 5-600. Water heaters about the same 5-600. Then a tank is usually leased from the propane company for next to nothing. But we have a 200 gallon tank at the cabin that is small enough for us to transport by truck to have filled, and it lasts all year. 120-1000 gallon tanks are available. My parents have an 800 gallon tank. It gets filled about once a every 5 years. This can be done for under $5k realistically. The well is going to be the determining factor.
6" is normal, and i'f you're going board over board instead of spaced or offset on either side of the supports, you're going to want a smaller batten, 1 1/4" or 2".
That's a very odd choice for a fence. Usually if people want solid, you use 6" ones overlapping, but on opposite sides of the fence so there is a couple inch gap between them but looking straight through you can't see anything. Or you do 6" ones fully butted inside of a frame.
I use a DA with a moist ultra soft foam for the production detailing. By hand with a MF applicator for the fancy stuff.
4" (3 1/2" nominal) is really only for the little knee high pickets. The 6"ers measure out closer to 5. If you want to compare styles or get a better look go to your local real lumber store, and they will usually have a display area with different fence styles popular in your region. And i don't mean the home despot.
oh yeah, the high quality ones remove easily, but cheap bumper stickers over the plastic on modern cars really doesn't well. Plus then you have to worry about fading around the sticker leaving a shadow.
Pretty sure there's only one car in space, and it's not for sale. So yeah, that's a no-go.
That was the normal practice back in the day, to put shakes over just enough to give them a spot to nail to. In a garage they would skip-sheath like that pretty often. On a house they would use regular boards like that but cover the whole thing. Neither way is leakproof. Those shakes have shrunken and curled so they need replaced, that's why you can see light. At the same time, you'll want to sheath in plywood and use a roofing membrane under the new. You can go with whatever roofing material you want at that point.
I've used a rented rugdoctor on my couch and it worked ok. And no, I won't do seats for $20. It takes a half hour just to get the machine heated up and the cleaner mixed for the day.
Which engine? 20r's are a dime a dozen, and a 22r swap is easy and cheap. 18rc's are leprechaun tears these days.
For sure. We all pitched in on a rugdoctor in my family (me, my parents, and my brother) and use it to clean our floors regularly. Its cheaper to rent one periodically if you don't split it. We all have dogs, and it's nice to clean the carpets about 2-3x a year. I also have mine professionally cleaned once a year. We don't have to buy new carpet very often, so it's worth it.
I don't think it goes bad at all as long as the tank holds up.
Haha. Nice. I got an offer from my stbxw on my bday yesterday. 3x my current alimony and she'll sign the papers. Needless to say it's not an offer I'm considering.
Nice truck, that definitely wouldn't be considered old or beat up though.
They need space and things to keep them busy or they'll Houdini on ya. Otherwise they're pretty easy to keep as far as health and maintenance goes.
Yeah. Unless it's way below freezing, then it'll dry faster. Just put em back in the car with a space heater and the windows cracked overnight. That's what we do.
That'll stink up your car for a long time.
I love Toyotas and mostly own them, but man is that platform getting a bit dated compared to others. The new interior is nice, and it looks good, but it rides like crap and is sub-par power wise. And the newer Colorado's are pos's. Only time will tell with the ranger since they aren't out yet. With Ford lately it's either awesome or has a fatal flaw a la the focus transmissions. I think I'll stick with fullsizes for now.
Car camping I use cast iron since it works better over an open fire, and weight isn't an issue.
They make abs plastic dash overlays. They look great if you do a good job installing them.
If you've never deep fried them, you're missing out. Same with hot pockets. It's a game changer.
That's the problem with using the cheapest shop and a junkyard engine. Anyone who does fords should have done the cam phasers before installing the engine. A long block with a warranty is like $3500-$4000. Plus say $5,000 labor. So for Under $9k, you would have had all new.
At least there won't be a rodent problem.
Extreme golf You are allowed 3 clubs. No waiting. No score. Instead after every hole, the person who comes in second has to chug beer for as long as it took over what the first persons time was. It's really hard to play a full 18.
How temporary? In most states there's a time limit if you want to be tax exempt. In Washington it's 90 days. And you still would have to go to the DMV in AZ to register.
It's only until monday, Give them $500, or $250, or whatever, for a 3 day hold. That way the car is still there, and you can buy it. Otherwise you might as well just wait until monday, and wish upon a star that noone else buys it. Or, you can put a deposit, and buy the car you want to buy, guaranteed. There's really no downside to putting down a refundable hold deposit.
I mean sure, We'll pay a little more for a trade in, but only if you pay full asking for the purchased car on used. For new i don't know but i'd imagine it's the same. You will need the title, or they can do a lost title affidavit if it's allowed in your state. Basically, you have a car that will cost me $200 to get rid of. I'm willing to make it financially profitable on your end, as long as the deal on the other end is financially profitable enough. So if you have negotiated down the price of the car. And now you want to throw a trade-in into the mix. We will restart the negotiations as that is a material difference.
Switch salespeople. He wants to keep you on the hook so he gets full commission, but if he can't complete the sale in a timely manner, then you need to have someone else take over and he'll still get a split. Talk to the sales manager again. If the salesperson can arrange a loaner for you, then sure, but otherwise, go get your damn car if it's already landed.
Yes they can, happens all the time.
Everybody agreed, but nobody used the correct terminology. It's called a flame wrench, not a torch. Also, if you don't want to get sketchy, or buy/rent an oxy/acetylene setup, they make an air tool called a muffler cutter for this exact reason, basically a die grinder with a safety shield for the cutoff wheel. They are about $15 or less at your local horror fright.
And fall asleep in my recliner. And if i do the dishes, when i come home from work, they're still done!
PSA - You can pressure wash an engine! We do it every day. Don't get really close to the bulkhead connectors, or spray into the intake. And let it dry before you start it. If you car had sparkplugs that are the through-head style, you will need to blow them out with compressed air, hit with a little IPA (or brakekleen) to dry, add a tiny dot of dielectric, and done. It takes us less than 5 minutes to go from really grubby, to really clean. I've done it tens of thousands of times, and can count the times it caused issues on one hand. And each time those issues were just wet connectors i had to dry out and then they were fine.
Spanish, because it would make me the only bilingual salesman in town and that would be a pretty big bonus.
The only real downside is that they usually are a crappier trim level and they don't hold their resale value well. Also that's why your buying one is because it's cheaper. But it's pretty much the same risk as with any used vehicle. Get a PPI and look for undisclosed body damage.
It's pretty common for people with surface Wells to chlorinate the water with bleach.
Really depends on the place. Some try to make more money on service contracts, some try to hold more front end gross. The dealership with the lowest price on the truck usually has the highest price on the service contracts and extras.
It's a good idea to keep it in the stock spot. However it's not a huge deal. Btw they make abs dash overlays for those, they work great and are cheap.
Probably more an issue with the changing demographics of an area. The 80s had lots of crime too. Mostly if someone grew up in a seni-rural area and the population has boomed, now there's more risk.
Gotta spend the time getting lender agreements. I've got a couple local credit unions that'll do credit rebuilder loans with gps. High interest but no acquisition fee (also no flats). Skip any bank that has acquisition fees. Route one is ok too, cudl if you can afford it.
Most people want large format nowadays. A nice trick is to use some at 90 in the middle of the field. Lest you fudge the unevenness a bit more
Exactly. Violent crime is way down across the board. Property crime seems to be spreading out to small towns though.
Yup. Don't tell everyone. People like it when i can sell them a 2016 Escape with a warranty for less than a 2009 RAV4 without. Then when i show the cost of ownership and reliability data is actually better, it's an easy sale. Don't spike my fords to $3k over book! that's my bread and butter.
Because i don't do a no rinse. I work production detailing at a dealership. We use brushes, that get sprayed after each go. And i use a DA to apply wax. If you took 30 min per car for a wash, and it wasn't like your first week, you'd be fired. You should be able to do 3-5 cars an hour full wash. A wash and wax is just that, we'll give it a quick wash to get all the dirt off. Then we wax with a machine wax that has a little polish on the whole car. Then we wash the wax off and dry the car with a chamois. That's what you get for $40. Now on my side details, i don't offer that, because it's not good enough for anything other than making a car shiny. There needs to be paint cleaning, correction, sealing, and waxing. That takes atleast a hour or two.
Toyota has been coasting on their reputation for decades now. The other manufacturers have for the most part caught up or surpassed them on reliability. And i say that as a die hard Toyota guy, but the last great toyota pickups for reliability were the 3.4L Tacoma and the first gen tundra 1UZ.
I might have to do a video on production detailing. We see sooo many videos that are just above and beyond, and crazy perfectionist. In the dealership world, perfect is the enemy of good, and you want to be efficient. Plus, I get a chuckle at Y'alls version of "dirty" or disgusting. I haven't seen one on here yet that rates higher than a 4/10 on the nasty scale.
It's cool, it happens. I dropped a 2000cc Vulcan a couple days ago. Just moving it parking spaces and grabbed an handful of front brake on slick oily concrete. Lucky no damage done. But i felt stupid. Especially since i've been riding for over 20 years. Doesn't mean you don't screw up every now and again. That's both the joy and the curse of motorcycles. Nothing beats the adrenaline from riding, but there is very little margin for error.
Depends on the age. If it's a couple year old, a pretty decent drop. If it's ten years old, not much at all.
Sounds like you guys are doing the right thing. Sometimes acceptance isn't easy. But putting the work in is the only way to make it work. Now that he's finally come to an acceptance and wants to work on the relationship, are you willing to as well? It seems kinda obvious since you were the one that initiated the discussion and pushed for it to work on, But it also sounds like you are hung up on trying to make things exactly the way they were when you first got together and thinking that's impossible. It is impossible. People change, times change, etc. But you can make it better by working at it. Eventually it could even be better than it was initially. However if you don't want to work at it, it won't work. And if he doesn't work at it, it wont work. It takes two to make a relationship, and only one to kill it. If you don't want to be intimate, fine, but you are going to have to figure that out sooner than later. If it's been months now, that's not "right away". If it's your first or second week of therapy, that could be too early. But TBH, physical connection can be cathartic and help heal. Especially if it's an underlying issue.
You don't get a single gun for hunting. You have a shotgun for birds, a small rifle for small game, a medium rifle for medium game, and a large rifle for large game. To start. Are you brushwhacking or stand hunting? if you're brushwhacking, you want the lightest possible gun that is the right caliber for the game. If you're long distance or stand hunting, a heavier gun will be more accurate with less recoil. If you're hunting birds in bear country, you should probably carry a pistol of large caliber as well as your shotgun. If you're hunting deer in cougar country, you should also probably carry a pistol. Most ammunition is expensive. .22 is not. Target practice is important for both humane kills, and safety. So you should probably have a .22 or two around as well. Guns are very specialized tools, you wouldn't own just 1 wrench, you will need more than one if you plan to remove more than one size of bolt. You don't have to worry about the guy with 35 guns that are all different. He's a responsible hunter. It's the guy with one or 2, or 15 of the same damn thing. That's why we have so many guns. Not because everyone has one or two. But because if you are an avid shooter or hunter, you will have a whole bunch. For example, i have 4 30-06 rifles. Each are set up differently, with different scopes, weights, stocks, and firing types (semi-auto or bolt action). They are all for hunting deer in different types of terrain. I have several other deer hunting rifles in different calibers for other kinds of deer or terrain.
That's why it should be a requirement to own a safe if you want to own a firearm.
If you are talking about hunting other species for food or sport, murder doesn't mean what you think it does. It's the circle of life. I feel everyone should be able to look their dinner in the eye if you want to eat meat. Not only does it give you more respect for the animal and life in general, it prompts you to be less wasteful and eat smaller portions of animal products if you harvest it yourself. It's also better for the environment. And lets not forget that almost all conservation is paid for by hunters via license sales, we pick up the garbage, maintain the trails and roads, and are generally good stewards of the land because we want to continue to use it for our and our children's benefit.
Look up marriage of miracle. Legally he's not entitled to any proceeds from pre-marriage assets. Even if he helped with the mortgage, it's money he would have had to have been paying in rent otherwise. Atleast in my state. Anything above $0 is a gift to him.
You'd be surprised at the results. I'd be more worried about scratches using a MF towel than the brushes we use. These aren't car wash cheapos.
If you rent it from them it's unlikely they'll give you two for two people. But it is one per student, and we had two in our shared dorm room. One was purchased, the other was a uni rental.
Location's sweet, everything's downhill. Parking's easier near there. It's right by the stadium. The dining hall near there was less traveled, but really good. It's been a while since i was there, but it was the only recently renovated dorm like a decade ago.
I pulled up the carpet and there was hardwood underneath. Score, right? Well F that, it was cold AF in all the bedrooms. So now we have carpet back w2w in all the bedrooms. It's so much nicer to live with. Bare floors are great for high traffic areas, but give me carpet in bedrooms all day long.
they've cracked down and want individual logins per person/location now. They're tracking listings to make sure they come up on your site instead of someone elses. It's horseshit, but us smaller lots are kinda stuck with the high fee if we want to use it.
They're pretty helpful around these parts. YMMV.
sounds like one incompetent official. That sucks. The dude here is slow, but super helpful. Will even give a punchlist of stuff he checks as he's also the inspector.
not necessarily. Sales tax is based on the place of sale in WA. If they live in the metro, there's additional Road Transit and Public Transpo taxes and fees, but my tax rate outside of the city is up to 3% lower on sales.
Putting your home address on there is a legal requirement for sale. It'll be on the title you have to give him anyways.
not like spraying paint, but yes you can spray concrete/stucco. Uses a gun like a texture gun but larger. Hell they even make giant ones for pools and tunnels, shotcrete guns i think they're called.
I bred angels for a while, and the only surefire way i found was to wait for them to pair then pull both. Never could tell 100% unless i saw the female laying the eggs. But i could tell the pairs since they'll post up in a corner and get territorial.
1) yes 2)no 3)you'll either have 2 different keys, or you'll need to have all the cylinders replaced. Repinning is not very DIY, especially since the old pins are going to be wore out. 4) it's possible, that's about the time where you could get it either way. The lower trim models sometimes didn't. If it's a no go, you'll need to have the passlock system reprogrammed by a dealer.
chip away all the loose parts, patch with the appropriate masonry patch, thin the heck out of some stucco and shoot it through a drywall texturer. Clean the crap out of said rented texturer. then paint. Should be relatively straight forward. However that spot failed because that block is moving, so do something to fix it into place with mortar.
Depends where you live. My municipality still uses chlorine instead of chloramine, so letting it sit open overnight is enough. But i still use prime and just let it rip because i'm impatient.
Yeah.. BTW the state minimum on vehicles is going to be 8.7% if there's no city tax. There's more tax on vehicles statewide. (it'll be 10.8% in seattle)
Yup. Spendy, but if it's a classic or exotic they are the go-to.
Depends on the car. Anecdotally sure. We had a old subaru with a blown headgasket we were going to scrap. We drained all the oil and water. Then we rallied it around the yard until it seized. Then we did it again the next day, and the next, and so on for about a week or two till we gave up on blowing it up completely and put it on a wrecker. This is not an endorsement of subaru either, the damn thing was getting scrapped because the engines are bad on those anyways. They may still run no matter what, but the headgaskets are made of spit and bubblegum so you won't get far.
So he's working 4 jobs, and helping with the kids, and not living at home? You've been divorced for years now. Just put pen to it. You may need a room mate or a smaller house. But that was a decision made when you kicked him out (even if it was imo justified). You will probably have to sell the house. He will have to pay child support based on the state calculator.
Is it an apartment? because ceilings in homes aren't usually concrete. But it does look like staining. There could be water lines running through there. If it isn't concrete i'd say open it up and take a look.
Water boils at 212 at sea level, so anything over 250 degrees is just wasting heat/boiling the steam off faster than it can work.
With no return in the office, without that vent fully functional the A/C and Heat won't work properly with the door closed.
correct, but unless that pressure is free to move to a return vent, the positive pressure created will keep more cool air from coming out the supply side.
In increasing order of cost: 1) Do the work yourself. 2) Pay a shadetree mechanic and cross your fingers that it's done right. 3) Pay an independent mechanic that's properly qualified. 4) Pay a manufacturer specific independent. 5) Pay the dealership.
No problem. The best way to save money is to know your limitations. Sometimes it's cheaper to have complex tasks done by a pro, rather than cause issues doing it yourself or risk a catastrophic failure. But a lot of things can be done DIY now with proper instructions. Youtube is nice, but ALLDATA DIY, or a repair manual, are the correct way. And throwing parts at an incorrectly diagnosed problem can get super expensive, and still not fix it.
Revoke the War Powers Resolution via executive order. Replace it with a far stricter interpretation.
is there another fuel filter on the inlet of the throttle body on those? And a shot in the dark, but check the inducer for the fuel injectors (noid test if you don't have a known good one to swap) that's on the side of the distributor (sometimes the thermal paste dries up and they go bad), and also check the ECM for blown capacitors.
an artisan could chisel you one, or it could be cast out of brick or dyed concrete.. It's gonna be spendy either way. Red brick is hard to replicate with dyed concrete though.
If you patch it properly it's not really weaker. If you use toothpaste to cover up holes....
Hahaha.. Yup. As a mechanic my problem is more i hate paying other people to do work that i know how to do. But i don't have the time so it never gets done.
I stopped skiing competitively as it would have involved dropping out of school to hit the next level. Turns out, i'm active enough to maintain a decent physique without exercise other than outdoor activities and work. And the fact i'm in my 30's now, nobody cares if you have 8 pack abs anymore. In fact it just looks kinda wierd on an older ginger.
people who drive 400 miles a day don't drive v8 trucks. Well they do, but it's stupid. The exception would be people who haul things mid-long distance.
Yeah i buy these for our office. We don't need to game, i buy decent monitors and keyboards. The old manager would spend $3-4000 every 2-3 years. I spend approx $1000. Allowed room in the budget for nice things, like plant stands, and matching desks and cabinets, etc. And they work fine.
Yes, because there is a legal length for signalling a turn and you would be well under that.
Then you better have good credit. They only ask for that on sub-prime loans. As well as you better have paystubs, and sometimes 2 years of tax returns.
We've got a pontiac vibe (Toyota Matrix) awd with under 100k that checks all those boxes. I'm a local dealer.
everybody is correct saying leveling it is the hardest part. A good trick is to make sure to get the leveling feet started to pull out just a bit before you install it. Makes getting the wrench in waaay easier if it's not basically sitting flush with the ground.
Uhh yeah. We used to put basements under houses pretty often. When FHA loans first came out, the old houses that were build sitting on railroad ties (yes for real) wouldn't pass inspection, and it was pretty common. Steps involved. Unhook all the electrical and plumbing. Brace the house underneath very well. Lift the house up really high using turnscrews and more railroad ties towards the center of the home. (cribbing) Dig out entirely around the house for a proper foundation. Pour foundation and membrane, etc. Sit house back on top of foundation and attach. Reattach plumbing, electrical, run new to basement, etc. Pour basement floor. It was not cheap, but it turned a $60-75k house that noone could get a loan on, into a $250k plus house you could. All in, considering the crew, equipment, supplies, i bet it cost nearly $100k per house to do, and that was as a contractor flipper making the money via sale, not a contractor doing the work for others and making profit that way. It took us about 2-3 months to do the initial lift, and drop, not including fixing up the rest of the house. That was with a small-ish crew of 3-4 guys. We were adding a whole floor too.
Decent chainsaws are expensive. I prefer Stihl and Husquavarna. You can put a better blade on your saw, it will stay sharp longer. This combined with better bar oil, and possibly a better bar, will make a huge difference on a cheap saw. You can (and should) sharpen your chain regularly.
Noooooo... You can't safely live in the home while the foundation is compromised. If you have years to wait and rent a place that you're not living in, fine, otherwise hire the pros. And yes while i was on general staff under the GC, we also used different companies for different things (we didn't pour the concrete, electricians and plumbers were hired in, We did the lifting and excavation, then the finish work.
Let's break it down even simpler. Payment = (((Loan Amount) X 1.aa) / Months Financed) Where aa = your interest rate.
Well it's going to be a 25 year old luxury car that has no parts support in the US. Soooooo..... Good luck? Also, people who had them, are probably pretty unlikely to have had an older one, as it is a luxury car.
Make sure everything is tight and installed correctly. Why did you take it so far away? I would just take it back to the shop, but that's far away.
Uhh... the whole thing is removable. For some reason quarters would get stuck in mine on the regular when i was married. I had to remove them atleast once a month.
Well that makes it much easier. If the debt to income lines up, you have a chance. Only way to know if a bank is going to lend you the money is to ask them.
It means it wasn't a traffic accident, so it could have been hit while parked, or a tree fell on it, or a runaway shopping cart scratched the whole side, or someone keyed it, etc. Basically it means there was an insurance claim, but not a police report.
Yeah, that's 215k. That's a fuckton of miles. I'm talking about nice ones with low miles. The early Chevy diesels were conversions of thier gas engines, got crappy mileage and power for a deisel, and we're notoriously unreliable. Around here they go for half of what a 350 vortec does.
I have a 460 Ford for pulling and heavy duty. I bought it for $4k but it's under 100k miles and nice. I also have a 7.3l I just sold for $19k that's the same year and miles. I could buy 5 of my trucks for that. If the 460 lasts for 200k, and the 7.3 for 300, it's still money behind. Also, I get 9-12 mpg in my 460. You get 15-17 in the similar 7.3l. diesels also more expensive. So your never gonna make up the difference in fuel savings either. Diesel is not the economical choice. Unless you have to have diesel because you tow 15,000 lbs on the regular, you're buying it because you want it, not need it.
Oh my god, you've put 20k miles on a non turbo 6.2. let's all bow down to the diesel expert. Come back when you've ran fleets of them from 0-300k.
Shouldn't it be a nylock?
In the US, when you have birth, you're child is automatically added to your insurance plan. They don't tell you this. They do this so that there is a second deductible to charge. So you pay your deductible, then "surprise" one for the baby. Then out of pocket max's, etc. It's about $20-25k. If you have decent insurance.
Yeah. I had insurance at the time but i'm self employed so it's about $1100 a month. And didn't cover shit unless it's something super crazy. Now i'm divorced, so it was pay my mortgage and alimony, or pay my insurance. So no insurance any more. It's just too expensive and i'm willing to roll the dice, and declare bankruptcy if it's anything expensive.
You meet people every single day if you're doing literally anything. Online, in person, at the grocery store, doing hobbies, etc. If you're asking how to make friends, then that's a different question. Making friends involves effort. Continuous and constant effort. It shouldn't be a chore, but it doesn't happen without you making it happen. Meet someone who interests you? Ask their name. talk to them. maybe if you talk for a while get their phone number. If it's brief but you've met them a couple times, get their phone number. text or call them, hang out. Repeat until they are your friend. If they aren't interested, move on. If they're your friend, keep in consistent contact with them. This is where most people fail. Not that they don't meet people, or that people don't like them. Even assholes have asshole buddies! It's that they don't put the effort in to stay in contact. If you aren't talking or texting atleast once a week, that's not a friend anymore, they've been downgraded to acquaintance.
You're forgetting "Where would they import food from?" If i was a farmer, i wouldn't even have to pick up a gun to win that war. Burn the majority of my crops, garden enough to feed my family. It wouldn't take very long for cities to starve out. They could try buying food, but without infrastructure and a working economy, and with the failure of the US dollar, how much literal gold are cities going to be able to scrape up? And considering we're pretty much the biggest exporter of food to begin with....
We provide Carfaxes on all vehicles. Clean title, one minor accident with no airbags deployed. Come in if you want to see a copy of the Carfax, it's got service records on it as well.
I was divorced via text message.... Just one of the many shitty things she did.
I would solidly put that in the broken/unfinished category though. Also since it's summertime, it's probably the best time to do it.
you got about a month or so before the salmon really come in... And fishing for sharks other than dog's is not a good idea, you'll end up bycatching protected species like sixgill.
abandonment or a lien for monies owed. Neither would be applicable unless it had been left there for literally months.
The leaf is one of the softest wholesale vehicles out there. They want you back in so they can sell you another car because you have good credit. But if you want another leaf... I can find 20 tomorrow. Under 25k mile lease returns that have depreciated to under $10,000 dollars from an original sticker of over $30k in only a couple years.
Drive HWY 101 up the whole coastal way. It's awesome. Then go to victoria, then loop back down to tacoma, up 18, and across 90. Down to 26 at the gorge and you're home.
Plasti Dip is not easily removable once it's been on for a while. I have to remove it at work semi often and it's way worse than a vinyl wrap if it's been on for a significant amount of time.
Fill dirt is free and will match the rest so you get consistent drainage. Talk to excavation companies doing jobs near you. It saves them a ton of money not having to truck it out from digging a basement or whatever. However if you have poor drainage, this is an excellent opportunity to install a dry well.
Nope. Divorces cost waaaay more than a few thousand man. Consider it a cheap lesson on trust. And learn that finances should be separated completely from romance.
Look at the fine print. It always says that the customer would be responsible for any extras on the payoff.
Sounds like a wheel bearing is really shot. Have it checked out sooner rather than later.
What it's worth with a good engine, minus the cost of a brand new engine with labor, and a grand or two more for the hassle. A used engine could be put in for much less, but you would have to do it yourself to recoup those savings. Those 5.4s don't fail often. Sure it's not just cam phasers from neglected maintenance?
a closed hand never gets filled. You have to make the effort, no one is a mind reader, and most people who see someone avoiding other people assume they want to be left alone.
on new cars, you bump into minimum finance very rarely. It's just not something that's normally dealt with as people who will pay for 90% of a car usually pay for 100%.
It may have 4 seats,but he'll be the only one brave enough to ride in it.
Yeah. I mean you don't have company vehicles, and if you're hiring them as contractors on 1099's they probably aren't covered under your insurance except maybe for general liability. Maybe you should consider a subscription based referral service. No way I would give up 60% of my pay and still cover the overhead too.
What i'm saying is that they would still need to have individual licenses and their own insurance policies unless you have that for them and they are employees (not 1099 contractors). Basically what you are offering them legally is referrals to customers, billing, and collecting payments i assume. They are doing the work, and they have to cover all the overhead and liability. I mean, it's nice for you, but there's no way i would do other than a modest percentage for the referral.
Sounds like it's time for counselling both together and singly. Give it some time and see if that helps. If she refuses or can't get with it after a few months, then it's time to discuss splitting up.
How is your coolant level?
and flexible. Stiff knives will mangle a filet as bad as a dull one.
he shot me fookin eye out!!
Tires make the most difference on power than anything else on the car. You could have 1500 horsepower at the crank and effectively none at the wheels if you're tires won't make traction.
Meh, people here are cheap too, so it's kinda a catch 22. More work than you can do, but not very good pay.
yup. text, then served that day. Conveniently just as soon as i had purchased the business i had worked at for 22 years from the previous owner as he retired. Don't be that person.
Depends where you live man. $60k is a decent living in my area. Not everybody lives in a large city with high costs.
RWD large sedans just aren't popular any more. They took it as far as they could, but since the v6's and even 4's came up in power, they could come up with safer and more efficient designs. Going FWD also gives you more room in the rear. But yes, they got 26-28 mpg hwy depending on the gear ratio, i've never pulled that out of a subaru.
yeah, shin rips don't hurt as much as they should, and the skin is thin there. I've done that exact move a couple times before. Also once on the back of my head with a ski edge and didn't notice until later that i had bled all down my back. Throw some butterfly's on it and send it. Shins can have scars.
Why RWD? a v6 can go sideways easy, and you're wasting space at that point by using a rear axle, transmission tunnel, driveline, etc. But the new Buick Regal GS has 310 hp and AWD. It's also available in the impala and i think the malibu. Ford has a powerful turbo engine in the fusion, and the mustang is still a RWD v6 turbo. The charger is there too, V6 300hp standard 4 door RWD, but can be had with up to the 707hp hellcat v8 engine too. Like everyone still makes those, but nobody really wants them.
Then buy a sports car? FWD is safer and allows for more passenger room.
also the charger is RWD... But the backseat is not nearly as good and roomy as the regal because of it, and the trunk is much shallower.
you're right, the v6 is a non turbo.
Old 4Runners... The new ones aren't really getting there as often..
You had no power brakes because the car wasn't running. Next time start the car. The first time you did it it probably had some residual vacuum in the vacuum booster for the power brakes.
I mean, then how would you tow it? Also the brakes work manually still, you just have to push really hard. And there's always the emergency brake.
True, not in my area but I looked up the numbers. They're crushing it down south.
Yeah I just have Tacoma's, they kept the old motor in the runners still?
The brand new ones do much better. The crown vic was discontinued in 2012, at that point the subaru's were getting a bit better, still under 30 though. But for most of the crown victorias life it got better real world mileage than a comparable subaru.
That's the glory of having kids, noone bats an eye when you play on the playground equipment with them!
You need to get a separation order that shows september as the date of separation. Prove when she left. Any debt incurred after the date she left is her responsibility.
There's a lot of WW2 bunkers that were never used really near me on the west coast. Many of them are filled in with dirt over the years, or were filled in and left, etc etc. Most is pretty lame, just concrete corridors and stairs to nowhere, but in a spot the floor had collapsed and you could get under the wall they had put up to block the back off. There was a jeep, some various stuff, rifles in a barrel that were rusted to nothing, etc. We also found the sally port that went from the bluffs down to the beach, but it was too overgrown and rusty to get the door open. We could just look out the crack and see the beach.
yup. It's a ford thing and super handy.
Yup, but in those applications the health risk is really negligible.
Good luck, my ex walked away from mediation twice. It wasn't until I forced a trial date and I assume her lawyer explained that the amount she would get wouldn't even cover her lawyers fees so he wouldn't represent her without upfront payment that she came to reality-ish.
They're dotted all along the coast. But I'm further north in Washington.
Not at all on a used car on a more than 72mo term. Plus you'd need a new down payment probably. That's a good rate and you only got it because you have good credit.
Do you mean "slap shift", which is a racheting gate shifter used for racing.
Exactly. I replaced my Camry with a Lucerne. Sold the 200k mile Camry for almost enough to buy the newer 80k mile Lucerne. Now I have leather and heated seats. And I only get like 3mpg less than I was getting. It's also much more powerful too. I mean it does look like a grandpa car, but so does a Camry.
i second this. I recently did the same thing and it turned out great. Priming before with really good primer means you'll get a good adhesion with the mud, then go forward like normal. They make skim coat mud, it's softer but easier to sand, and when you have to sand the whole room that's a blessing. Use one of those huge pole sanders.
I just used what the local building supplier had. Featherlite I wanna say it was called. It's labeled topping or fairing compound.
As big as you can. I've done it with a mini and a fullsize. With the mini you have to dig out the rootball, with the big ones it's grip and rip.
Meh, they're not that badly built for a FCA vehicle. And they can be had for half a song and a wobble. I've suggested plenty of them. I also suggest the first time something beyond oil changes/brakes pops up just scrap it.
Take a look in the intake to see if it's blocked off with carbon too, super common on those. I keep a clean one on the wall so i can swap them out and just clean the customers one later.
WA is the opposite. It's automatically a truck if it has only 2 seats and no separate trunk. (IE Cargo Vans). But use class is separate so if it's owned by a company instead of a person it's automatically commercial.
yup. Boroscopes are nice for this and can be had pretty cheaply nowadays.
yes, especially if you ran it low on coolant and overheated it because the heater core is bad.
My buddy has one as a loaner right now and was raving about how loaded it was. Which cracks me up a little. But the dude does daily a 94 tahoe, even though he's got nice built cars.
The fit is the best one for sure. The Yaris is reliable but doesn't drive nearly as nice. The Versa's are crap. I'd get the fit, it's more money up front because they hold their value so well, but there's a reason they do.
They're handy, but the no CDL ticket is harsh, so keep it on the property. Old 4X4 trucks with a dump box are a good option too. I had one with a utility style box that dumped that was super handy.
Demonstrator vehicle. Fun fact, i just titled a 1971 cadillac with 85k miles as a new car a couple years ago. The owners wife had it as her last demo and kept it until she stopped driving. Was still on dealer plates with a Manufacturers Certificate of Origin, never titled or sold. The lady at the DOL was flabbergasted and it wouldn't let me title it as used, even though we obviously sold it as a used car.
Yes my oil furnace/boiler worked great. It did need regular maintenance and the oil burner had been replaced a time or two, but it was from the early 50's. That said, i put in an electric heat pump and my bill went down $400/mo in the winter, and now i have A/C for the summer.
I'm assuming if the oil company paid that much money to have it all cleaned up and settled with the guy, an NDA would most definitely have been part of it.
if you don't have access to a boat, consider river fishing for them.
That's a lot right up front too. Saying no to that is not unreasonable. However if you want him to be a part of the childs life, it might be a good idea to start with short supervised visits at a trusted relatives and work up from there if he shows he can do it.
The further you go into actual specific work boots the more heel they still have. My framing boots had a 2" heel, really helped lock you onto a rafter or ladder. My corkies (studded logging boots) have a 1 1/2" heel for climbing in brush and on trees/tree spikes. Ladies shoes may have taken it to extremes, but the function still remains and is used in mens shoes.
I shouldn't cause any issues, and yes that's why garages have a bit of a wall like that.
It's just vinyl flooring. You could use roofing patch but it'll look goofy. A new sheet of vinyl is probably pretty cheap if it's an apartment balcony. They're usually small enough that you can get off-cuts from around someones kitchen island or whatever that are big enough.
how hard is the jerking? like a proper bucking or just a bit? It could be a mechanical issue if it's hard jerking, if it's pretty light it could be the transmission downshifting. When was your last transmission service and fuel filter replacement?
but it's baby smooth so i'm sure your SO appreciates it!
Well i'd try a fuel filter right now, then a transmission service sooner than later even if the fuel filter fixes the jerkiness.
Replacement is your best bet. Maybe someone could stitch in a patch, but it'll be obvious that you have some new and some old carpet.
There's no better feeling then new corkies with a tall heel and sharp brand new spikes. You feel like you could walk up the side of a building cartoon style.
most of the time it's because the pivot on the pedal is worn and needs lubricated. It takes some force to get it to pop open, and that makes you give it more gas than intended. A little silicone lubricant usually fixes er right up.
just so you know, those usually have rfid chips and are valueless once removed from premises/before checked in for use in play.
PO1489 &amp; PO1490 2004 Jeep Grand Cherokee.... Amortization Calculator was the one before that... Sorry to dissapoint.
A couple mil give or take. Bought a business and it involves a large rotating line of credit. Keep an eye on your credit if you ever want to work for yourself kids.
Now you get divorced. How that process plays out is up to both of you. Good luck and we wish you the best. Hopefully it's like tearing off a bandaid, quick but painful, and the healing can start.
Dude. As someone who works at a dealership, I've seen some nasty shit in cars, poop, rotten fish, piss, etc. But a suicide car can't be sold at auction without disclosure. If they lost their ass on it they are retarded. They could have just sent it back. Make a bit of a stink and they'll buy it back faster than you can deposit a check. Unless your ucm was buying cars from copart or other insurance auctions. Then it's fair game.
I used to detail cars for my dealership, but on the side I would do log trucks too. Weeeelllll. Some guy on a Harley decided to cut off a log truck. You can imagine how well that turned out. But the cops just taped off the truck and took pictures. It was about two weeks before they released the truck and trailer. In July. The guy was particularly fat, so if you've ever driven in slushy snow and seen the buildup in the wheel wells and such, it was like that but fat guy. Lodged in every book and cranny of the trailer too. The truck wasn't so bad, he mostly exploded a bit on the bumper and went under. But he got wedged between the drive tires and basically pulverized. Noone wanted to give it a go. So when the offers got up to about 700 I jumped in. Doubled up painters suit duct taped to nitrile gloves under my rain gear and big latex gloves. A proper facemask. And a bigass heated pressure washer I cranked to steam. Basically had to melt the dried fat off. Took a whole day but she was fuckin spotless. Also I found an ear and a pinkie finger wedged up into the brake lines on the trailer. Cue insensitive can you hear me now jokes that made my coworker puke.
Maaaybe figure out why she doesn't trust you. If you don't know you can't fix it.
Used engines for these are over $3k. Crazy....
What you need is a legal agreement. Keep track of who has the kids what time for a while, then get a parenting plan. It'll usually "keep the status quo" ie be the same as what's going on historically. This will also help you split up the bills. They'll compare incomes, figure out if there will be alimony and child support, and that's it. You won't have to give her a penny more than that. If you have the kids 4 nights and her three, it's likely you will be granted custodial parentage, and not owe child support unless there is extreme income disparity. If it's about equal she would probably owe you support.
Yup. Early zz Corolla engines are expensive for the same reason. Oil consumption, out of oil, kaboom.
Knowing yo mamma, all of them.
Also the fat content. Don't forget those noodles are deep fried!
We've had that law on the books since the 1920's in america.
1 pair of ski's with bindings please.
All you need to do is visit the local court clerks office, put her full name into the search, and request a copy. It's like a dollar for them to print it out.
I love em too, and on the west coast you still run into them sometimes. But back there rust ate most of them. Honestly, if you want one that's not full of issues you'll be paying a premium. You could buy a newer nicer truck for the same money.
I really like the way you did the corners and took chips out, ran a rasp (i'm assuming), hit with a hammer, and made it look like a real beam.
What you need is an old timey feeder wax with oils in it to feed the paint. Like Mequire's #7. Then you compound it with a low/mid cut compound. Then you feeder wax it a couple more times. Then normal wax over the top. Single stage is actually porous, and the oils will leach out leaving it looking really faded. Putting that back in with a feeder wax really does work, but only on older stuff like that.
So it's doable. We have special mold killing chemicals and such that work great. You do have to rip the whole interior out and clean every hard surface very well. Then shampoo all the soft surfaces. Then use chlorine gas to kill any latent mold spores. I pulled an RX7 out of a field that sounds like it was honestly in worse shape. I really good detail like that, and no mold even 5 years later.
Not true. How many nights in a hotel can you buy for the cost of an RV? Let alone maintenance, fuel, insurance, etc.
Depends on the area.. here in the pnw it's super wet. Snow is easier. Find dry kindling, usually underbranches on a pine or something. Light a small fire, covering it if it's raining. Then add bigger and bigger wood as the coalbase grows. You will be splitting kindling into tiny pieces if it's wet af. But after a while you'll have a little fire going. Put the wet wood right next to it in order to dry it a bit. Eventually it goes. Or just douse it with kerosene and let er rip.
Dude. Most parenting plans involve protections against this. Neither me nor my ex can leave the school district without approval, let alone the city/county/state.
Nah, that flange is gone. Unfortunately it's not a patch spot. An exhaust shop can fab up/find a new flange to weld in pretty easy though.
Primer it, skiptrowel texture it, and call it a day. Well, paint it after, then call it a day.
I dunno. Triple sticks are pretty normal for transfer cases. I dunno where the extra one goes, maybe PTO for a winch? With a doubler and triple sticks you have your normal 2 and 4wd choices, then a stick for high low on both front and back. Atleast that's how mine works. It's kinda fun using fwd low range in a truck.
Maybe ask them to take a class on co-parenting. In my state it's mandated, and addresses some of these issues. It was called children in the middle I believe. Descriptive name.
yeah. I used the sunlight part to plan my garden plantings the first year, then i adjusted based on observations. I only had to tweak a couple things.
It's actually a way smaller place than you would imagine for such a large-ish brand. A couple buddies work there. They are pretty environmentally friendly. Even the wood scraps get used up.
Yup. Burning liquids for heat produces a lot of moisture. Especially kerosene ones.
Is it a hybrid?
Or program the new one to the cars pcm.
Pretty much. Or allow the gov't to take over. Either they will have to jack up taxes and rates to replace the infrastructure, or they could be liable for damages caused by the failing infrastructure. It's not as easy as some think.
With that kind of record he won't get custody. A lawyer will be able to do it in such a way that he never knows where she lives or has to see him in court.
Yup she's toast. Throw a used motor in it if labor is cheap enough, otherwise scrap it or hock it on Craigslist.
Not for that reason but yes. You don't have to drive it in 4x4, just shift it in and out so the contacts on the shift motor reductor don't get corroded up.
Both. Ultimately up to the insurance underwriter, but some places won't hire people with poor driving records period.
Can you stack over there? We just use unfaced and can stack two in the us. If you're not going up there a ton then maybe just use fiberglass. The itch is overblown, but you can mitigate it. Use baby powder all over ya before you do it, then take a really cold shower. I've never had issues doing that. It's really only when your installing it that it gets all over you.
A buttload is an actual measure, so if we agree on this we can do the conversion. I suggest 1 butt to one shitton, except in countries with taco Bell. Then it's one butt to 4 shittons.
The value is the value, if it's equal than yeah, no problem. But you're not going to get retail value on your trade so be aware you need to do the right research. A new golf r is 40k, so I doubt you'll get 36 trade.
It's within oem spec on many vehicles. Engines do consume some oil. A quart is the upper threshold of that.
Look them deal in the eyes and shake my head slowly. For a full minute. They know what they did.
I've seen in the 40's before. Reservation loans aren't subject to usury laws. The gal owed $32k on a scion tC with a trade-in book of $13,500... She was amazed i couldn't get her a new loan without like $20k down.
When you're talking acres, we're into mechanical plowing and/or chemical treatment territory. You can cut down and tarp off small sections for a couple years and that will work. But that's for small scale.
Not even close. I tarp my garden, it's about 100x40. Its a pain in the ass and i wouldn't go that big again. Imagine how much a couple acres of tarps would cost...... an acre is 66x660 feet.... 30x100 ag tarps are a few hundred a pop. That's the biggest size that 3-4 people can unroll alone. You would need 12 or more per acre. like several grand worth.
That's not true at all.... Correctly running engines do use oil by design in order to reduce friction. It's not complicated but i guess i have to explain it differently. There are rings on the piston that separate the combustion chamber from the crankcase. They keep the kabooms in the cylinder, and the oil in the crankcase. The oil is shot onto the cylinder walls and the rings scrape it down. So go ahead and do an experiment. Grab two flat pieces of steel. Put one down on the table and cover it in oil. Use the other to scrap ALL the oil off it. Nearly impossible right? You scratched the oily piece of steel pretty bad, didn't you? Do you want your piston rings to have that kind of friction and scratch up your cylinder walls? no you do not. So there needs to be a light oil film on the cylinder walls. This is consumed every time the engine fires. Which on my v6, assuming an average of 2,000 rpm while driving, happens 6,000 times a minute. It's not a lot of oil, but it does add up.
Yeah no... Not if you want to ever buy a car again at a rate less than 20%. Best to take out a reasonable rate personal loan and just pay it off. Or figure out another way to take chunks out of that loan.
Plumbing supply warehouse. They do sell to the public. Quality stuff at a lower price than a designer spot, and they carry all the repair parts too.
It's a piece of a cucumber that had sprouted some of its seeds before pickling.
Probably. My old Chevy did that. Solution until I bought a new tank was like 4-5 of those filters in a row and I just would unhook the back one ant throw a new one on front every time it clogged. After a while it cleared the junk out somewhat.
If there's no/to high of a bypass the high pressure will blow up the filter media. It's filtering the oil constantly, just not all at the same time. That's how it's supposed to be.
Well a divorce is going to mean you'll have to face some harsh realities. That's just the way it goes for both parties. Legally he doesn't have to move now. If you want to move South, you'll need to get the court to allow it. Both of you would need to make the extra commute to bring the kids back and forth. My buddy has to drive 4 hours one way to pick up his kids. It sucks but that's life I get it, it's difficult. But that's the new reality of your life. You're going to have to accept you can't have your cake and eat it too. Noone gets out of a divorce unscathed.
Canada considers the dealers as owners too,, so yeah, you would be the third private owner probably.
Uhhhh.... There's supposed to be a threaded end so you can use a compression fitting. You cut that off. You'll need to open up the drywall and replace that stub end now.
They're old touring skis. Good for decoration but that's about it. I've bought a bunch of skis like this for making Adirondack chairs and such. Usually they're a couple/few bucks. I'll go up to about $10 if they're a particularly cool design like the red/white/blue k2 Woodies.
I am of course open to alternatives that are more effective than poison. So far I haven't found any. Neither have the professional exterminators I have hired.
I get it, everyone hopes it will be super easy. But it almost never is. It seems harsh but you should hope with one hand and crap in the other, see which one fills up first. I also work a commission job. I've taken a 20% drop in pay since my wife left. I can't work the hours I did and still take care of my kids. I had to decide which was more important. So now I skipped remodeling my house, don't take vacations, dropped myself from health insurance, and I have cashed out my life savings and retirement. But I would rather have my kid half time so that is the way it goes. With the dissolution of a family that is the reality.
Like others said just use the block holes with bolts. I will add I find a load-leveler super handy on i6's. I actually use it on v8s now too instead of the carb plate.
Depends how good the access. I've had to cut the body off, cut a slot in the base of the filter, and use a hammer and chisel or air chisel to knock it loose. Once it gets mangled unfortunately that's the last resort.
Yes it does. It also makes brick look brand new. I would suggest chemical resistant goggles too.
I actually like the white on cedar look. However I'd suggest getting a color wheel. You can hold it up to the finished wood to find complementary and contrasting colors that are aesthetically pleasing. It's really helped me because I'm bad with colors.
Look into air ride suspension. My grandpa put it on his cts-v so it wouldn't high center on his driveway. It worked well, plus you can lower it when you don't need it to clear stuff.
So you don't have any coverage no for the vehicle you are driving, just liability for others on the road. If you wreck it then your insurance would not cover it. That's a problem. Yes it's pretty normal. Yes we have insurance, it has insanely high deductibles and is meant for things like a sign falling over on a bunch of cars or a semi truck plowing into the front line, not test drives.
Some states have reciprocals and some don't. Mine doesn't and we dont collect tax on out of state sales.
Buy a new tank, they're readily available for those.
If they are pinholes there are epoxy kits to do that. You can take out the tank, put the acid and some ball bearings in there, shake and clean the crap out of it, then coat it. It's almost as expensive as a new tank in this case, and a ton of work. If they are more than just pinholes, it's really not possible/cost effective.
That's because if they don't sand it all the way down and repaint properly it'll just peel back off.
I really like that it doesn't have the grab handles I see on most of the centurion and gladiators.
Actually really solid cars usually. I'd go for it.
Next time you are taking a load, find some scales and have it weighed. Then have the truck weighed unloaded. Then you'll know trailer and truck weight. A 2500 gas or diesel would be a nice upgrade.
There's one surefire way to know if your car seat will fit. Go test fit it. Mine did fit in a double, but some dont.
It really depends on how tall you are, where you set your seat, and the size and shape of your car seat. There's no way an internet stranger can tell you that reliably. Mine fit, my buddies didn't, same truck, two answers.
That's gross. I've seen worse though. Do a full flush, not a power flush. Drain the coolant, fill with water and coolant system cleaner. Drive it around for a while, aka follow the directions on the bottle. Then keep draining, filling, and running it until it comes out as just clean water. Then drain it all the way and put in fresh coolant. I just did this on my old work truck Ford. It takes a long time, but it's nice now.
Use a grey primer so the red doesn't show through, then paint it whatever color you want.
Well yeah? How else do we know whether to take a light jacket or go full on Gordon fish sticks man?
Styrofoam coolers with dry ice. You can mail it that way too. My mom just did that for her Alaskan caribou.
Watched Togo yesterday... So yeah, yesterday a little.
They will need to process and print a new title, without the leinholder on it. It's the exact same as a new title.
Did your family do a promissory note or simple interest loan? IE do you have paperwork for that loan?
You have a separation agreement. If she is violating it, go to court. They will enforce it. She can say whatever she wants, they don't care. What's on paper is what matters.
Oooof. That's going to be an issue if she makes it an issue. I would suggest atleast a consultation with a lawyer.
tyvek blocks water(ish), not moisture. It allows the walls to breathe with the seasons and allows humidity to escape as the humidity goes down in winter, so it doesn't condensate. It still lets humidity in in the summer.
Recreation and Hunting. I'm not really worried about self defense. But i do find shooting fun, and it's also good practice so i can make humane and ethical shots while hunting. If you are a hunter, you've passed a hunter safety class in my state. I wouldn't really mind if every gun owner had to take a safety class, and were required to keep their guns safely stored and locked. Because that's where most of the issues come from, and any responsible gun owner already does that. Any hunter already has to comply with those rules so it would change literally nothing about my life.
I actually love my HOA at the lake. It's basically responsible for maintaining the dock and cleaning up the lake and doesn't mess with anything else. If you don't like yours, talk to your neighbors, it's an association made up of the homeowners, so if you and your neighbors don't like what it's doing, elect someone who will fix that. Most of those rules are made because of an extreme case. No working on cars is usually because somebody had like 12 broken cars littering up the area. Color scheme proposals are usually because some random neighbor painted their house purple and did a crummy job. Fence restrictions are because of the guy that put up a 12' chain link fence in the middle of a nice neighborhood. Etc.
caulk isn't going to have the chalkiness. Also it will be encapsulated with paint. However, getting frisky after getting it all over your hands is probably a bad idea.
Sure, I like my coworkers, but i'm their boss not their friend. I can be a friendly boss, but at the end of the day i'm not there to make it more complicated.
totally normal. They'll do free for a while to gain market share in an area, then they'll move to a paid service. Happened a couple years ago in my area.
Ants.. takes em a day or so.
Anything traveling on an arc is affected by wind resistance and gravity. Pure vertical it'll stop due to gravity, and fall just at a speed equal to gravity minus air resistance. Horizontally it is only affected by wind resistance gravity isn't slowing it down. So anything in between is a combination of the two. The more removed from straight up the angle the higher the relative velocity at impact. So straight down would be fastest.
That your grocery store, auto parts store, gas station, repair and rental shop, movie rental shop, and restaurant are all the same store.
They were like $500 or more then though. That bumps you into the 12-1500 range minimum now for the same thing, and you can buy a really durable one for that.
Yeah, it wasn't a few parts. There was some slight differences in the bumper and grille. And emblems.
How deep did you have to dig to get all the ivy roots out? I'm contemplating a backhoe to rip mine out this time around.
Work the program. Don't leave the marital home. She left, it's up to you to decide whether to let her move back in. See a lawyer and get your ducks in a row. If you want to see the kids more than supervised for an hour every month, make sure you file the parenting plan ASAP.
We had those all through growing up, want to say my dad's up to 3 of em now. There's a gazillion of them, so finding parts and attachments is super easy. They're really easy to keep running and almost indestructible. I say almost because i managed to roll one when i was 15 and it landed with all 4 axle ends on separate stumps at the bottom of a embankment by some miracle. So i had to pick it up with an excavator, and i did so by the blade. Mistake. It bent the cylinder a little bit and lost about 3" of travel on the blade. But it flipped 40 feet down an embankment bouncing off stumps and was fine afterward other than that. They are not powerful. Like really not. The gear ratios help a lot, but they struggle to run some larger things like chippers, etc.
same with anything falling, like a tree. And go perpendicular to get away. You can't outrun a tornado, tree, building, etc. But you only need to move a little to the side to let it go by.
Medicinal plants if you know of them. Goldenrod, Goldenseal, Aloe, Yarrow, etc. Most tree sap is also anti-microbial. Alder juice is really good (the milky stuff under the bark). Willow bark is also an anti-inflammatory.
you know dental floss is the normal way to remove a stuck ring right?
Damage reported without an accident reported usually means it was not a traffic accident. Could be anything from a shopping cart dent to a tree falling on it though.
They're not inherently bad. More that the customers who bought them because they were cheaper than tacoma's were also too cheap to keep up with the maintenance schedule.
The transmission issues were mostly from the trans cooler being built into the radiator and leaking. Pink milkshake of death.
Ding Ding. I agree, as a charter member of our local classic toyota club. I'll buy an F150 over a new Tacoma. They're coasting on the name. The swap over to the sequoia frame and new 4.0L V6 was nice. In 2005. They really haven't done anything improvement wise since other than tweaks.
14 mpg, dated features, low towing and hauling capacity. Good trucks, but not better than anything else made.
No just e-commerce. It's the model that Toyota used to break into the american market in the late 60's/early 70's. Kia/Hyundai in the 90's. Except they could also cut costs of product at the beginning by offering a super bare-bones low quality product.
Yeah, that's not really enough to knock it all down to tilled up dirt. But as far as room to field raise that should be plenty. You could do intensive grazing. basically use temporary fencing to contain them to an smaller area until they root it up really well, then move to the next patch. That might work nicely as you could stagger the pigs and goats, have the goats knock down the above ground plants a bunch, then move them to the next and move in the pigs to dig out the roots. And just keep moving them down the line.
exactly. Even a minor car accident can cause tens of thousands of damage. Not to mention if someone gets hurt.
Jack up the rear of the engine a tiny bit with a 2x4 to line it up better. Often times they just fall in when you do that. But i would also check for a double dowel like /u/Chipdip88 suggested.
You could look west of seattle. There's plenty of nature, lower cost of living than seattle, and it's pretty tolerant.
Yeah, i mean it's a 19 year old car. The oil switch was probably the cause of the oil light. And the cam sensor may have been giving off weird readings and needing replaced. It also may not have been the cause of your stalling issue, but it can cause them if it is no longer good. Sometimes when cars are that old we have to start with the broken stuff we see first and work our way down the list, because multiple things can cause a no-run condition.
It would have to be pretty deep scoring to need a bore job. Most of the time it can be honed unless something bad happened to it.
oh well if the oil light just comes on when it's stalled that's normal. No oil pressure if the engine isn't running. Those intermittent stalls after a while of driving are often the hardest to replicate in a shop. It's going to take some digging to find out what it is.
A multimeter and knowing how to use one. A drawer for plumbing fittings. No more turning the water off and then having to leave it off until the store opens. If it's a p-trap or valve, etc, you should have a replacement on hand. A GOOD flashlight. As a mechanic i use a $200 flashlight everyday. When i got a new one i brought the old one home and it was a game changer. Small enough to hold in your teeth and bright enough to be really good comes with a price tag. Granted the average homeowner doesn't NEED a streamlight, there are cheaper options. Headlamps are useful too.
No, i don't know if they'd finish it in a whole season. It would take a dozen or more to do it in a couple months. We had 4 and they cleared out 20'x40' in a month or two.
My first guess would be somethings hanging up if lowering the drivers didn't help. Get some good pictures of the setup and maybe we can point out something.
So i'm guessing the old wheel was aftermarket aluminum and the new one is steel? If so, you need different lug nuts because they will bottom out before tightening the steel wheel because it's thinner than the aluminum ones.
haha.. I'm doing the same but opposite. It's rainy and i'm not going to start another big job with only an hour left. Time to clean the shop, or screw around on reddit more.
That's not exposed aggregate. It's just the top layer has worn off. All concrete has rocks in it. Either needs a resurface if you only want a few years, or time to tear out and replace.
gear oil is worse.
no. I have fat hands so i find it easier than trying to shove them in the top. It''s just a knock ring, a screwdriver and a hammer is all you need.
not gonna lie, now i'm curious.
Plugged orifice tube would be my guess.
the A/C drags the system and will drop the idle down below where it's smooth. You'll feel it if you have worn motor mounts.
How new is the trolling motor? if it doesn't have a digital controller you could wire in series for 24v, and it'll make it much faster. Though you'll burn up the motor with prolonged use. For shits and giggles of course. But yeah, i gave a real response to another comment.
It'll bounce around a lot. I put mine in the same spot on my truck, but trimmed that opening so i could recess it and attach it to the actual bumper metal. Or in my case it was the radiator support.
Use a hot paring knife. I mean it'll look a lot less trailer park than just screwing it to the plastic bumper.
Unlikely. If there's a burnt plastic smell disconnect your batter and have it towed to a shop. A wire is heating up enough to melt and short out. If you drive it anymore there is a significant chance you will catch the car on fire.
I would before I even got anywhere near the blades nomatter what.
I thought you meant the wiring. Yes you'll have to disconnect the outlet. It's easy.
In the country it's well known to do that if a dog gets into some antifreeze. I've had to do it before. Luckily they add bittering agents now to most antifreeze.
If you're using large format tiles use mediumset. It's thicker and will fill it right up.
Well usually the dealerships do this to advertise the lowest price. So you'll actually pay less going to a place with more average pricing.
Yup, just make sure to use the right size trowel.
The Porter Cable 7424xp is a better one for the money.
Custom orders are pulled off the line and finished differently. Say you are painting trucks. They roll through one after another. When you're doing white, you just keep painting white trucks. When you want to switch colors you need to clean everything, guns, lines, etc.
It's an 06 with 160k but nice 20's. Payoff is only $14k through Santander. But they reaaally want that 5.9 crewmax with $0 down and payments under $300.
Red wings. Everything else won't last more than a couple months for me. I'm sure they make similar women's shoes. I'd rather pay $200 once a year than $70 every other month. Protip: buy two identical pairs and switch every day. The rest period really helps them last longer.
As someone from the pnw, the raised platform and tarp roof get a big thumbs up!
Add a crapper spot made of visqueen tied between trees and we can basically be twins.
Flip the normal ones upside down so they don't seal totally.
If he was currently incarcerated for a felony and a correction officer had choked him until he died would it be ok? Of course not.
Yeah. Make sure it's a clean spot though. I can picked food too and it's a common thing to do in that arena of fermentation.
Dawn, a boars/horse hair brush, and a follow-up with lotion.
Next time try a beeswax base the night before and leave em by the heater overnight. I like sno-seal. Keeps those little wrinkles out. And keeps my work boots looking good and waterproof for a long time. If you wipe it all down and then let them cool down it sucks way in, so you can still put polish over the top.
They can wear it to vote if that's all they are there to do. However people working the polls or hanging out within a certain distance can't.
The alligator arms are real. Psoriasis. Make sure your scrubby soap at work has lanolin in it too.
They're getting rare. Never quite had the Toyota name and alot got scrapped after some minor crank-walk. Expect to pay as much or more as you would for a first gen frontier with similar miles Good luck.
I bet he fries bacon in his underwear too. Fuckin savage.
It's probably time for inpatient treatment. There doesn't need to be such a stigma about it. You can try to remove the triggers, but the underlying cause will remain until it's figured out and treated.
Turns out the one that's $90 us that i was thinking of is over $200 CAD....
Try amarillo too if you can get your hands on it.
You're an individual with you're own tastes and preferences. If you don't like something, don't do it. Quit worrying about what other people think. If they don't like it, fuck em.
It's fun. Basically hiking while being sneaky. Plus it's an 18 mile round trip bike ride to my area, and i don't want to carry a stand.
Nope. Hunting out here is hard work if you don't have land. I've had a successful take 3 times out of the last 10 years. Last year i skipped due to some other issues. But the year before i hunted 27 days and got skunked. Blacktail are tough little suckers. I do slay a lot of grouse on my way back out though.
Yeah man. Plus, i like hiking. I do it without a gun off season as well. So anything i take home is basically a bonus. Though there's not much more fun than shooting grouse with a pistol while riding a mountain bike. Kinda one reason i love my spot is there is a really nice grouse tunnel in the forest a couple miles long that's all downhill on the way home.
Generally no unless it's marred up.
Unfortunately around here we get a lot of dudes bringing quads in, or loggers that have keys drive hunting. Kinda why i go so far. I have other places that are closer but i almost always get blown off them by too much traffic. This spot i know it's just me and like 3-4 other dudes that bother going that far. And if we see each other it's usually just 1 person other than you, and they're super good about the informal split. Whoever gets there first gets free range on that side of the ridge. and it's about 3 miles of ridgeline.
Since the A/C Motor is using pretty much exactly double the rated amps, my bet is somewhere it's only getting half power. I would check the brushes to make sure both sides are clean and making good contact, and the power cord to make sure one leg isn't broken or impeded. So say the motor is supposed to pull 10a at 240v AC. If you push 120v AC through it, it'll run at 20a instead. So make sure you're getting line voltage at the motor, and that the extension cord doesn't have excessive resistance on any of the legs. Then check the brushes on the motor. Also servicing the fluids and greasing everything will reduce the load as others have suggested, so i would definitely do that too.
Uses your ringtone, and shows a screen with the time an hour ahead and it looking like a call from your employer.
Yup. Don't get me wrong, blind and stand hunting put food on the table better. But for me i like the stalk, and i put plenty of salmon in the freezer anyways. Otherwise i would sit on top the chicken coop in a lawn chair and shoot them at the pond at my parents house. Or even better sit in their hot tub. (And they live in a special hunt area for population control so i could take an extra doe and a buck too) And yeah, for me it's more about the experience and being a good steward for nature. They're not livestock, we have those.
or cut it, add a hinge to the top and a plate to the bottom. That's what i did throughout college.
I have a couple cars that get gallons per mile, not miles per gallon. Leaded race gas. My daily is a big block too but pump gas. But i still buy less gas and have less emissions than 99% of people that drive a car. If you want to save carbon emissions, live closer to your work, or use public transport to commute. My annual commute would be 74 miles if i worked 365 days a year. I go to the gas station less than once a month.
right? My mechanic's brother shot an elk last year with his muzzleloader while taking a shit. Had to toss his pants because the rifle was leaning up against the truck like 20 feet away. While we were all stalking through the damn swamp too.
Yup. Really hard to get out and i have a three motor doyle that'll pull chunks of flesh. I chuck up a 3" round boars hair in my drill that shaved the handle down on.
What do you mean by product?
Is the rear diff fluid more sparkly than a tony award?
Buy quality parts from name brands. There's no one brand that makes the best of all of the dozens of little parts you need. Usually a short block rebuild kit gives you an option of parts put together from different manufacturers. I've used northern auto parts before with good results on kits. You do know you'll need to have it machined too?
Well it's a great one to start on. Before you order parts, pull the engine and use a micrometer to measure the cylinder bore right near the top, middle, and at the bottom. This will tell you what you need to do. All three measurements should be nearly identical. If they aren't, it needs bored over. If they're out of spec and too large to bore again you need a new motor. A machinist can do this for you too. Your measurements and the condition of the bore will tell you if it just needs a hone at home, or if it needs sent in. There will be a little lip at the top, normal, but if it's thick, you'll need a bore. If it's small, and the measurements are in spec, you can use a ridge reamer to remove the lip, hone the bore, and order rebuild parts for the bore diameter. Before you do anything, buy a book on rebuilding the small block Chevy. I like the one by Dave vizier?sp Books just go into detail that YouTube can't. But don't discount YouTube. When you see a procedure in the book and want to learn more about that procedure it really shines. I read it and did my first one on that same engine when I was just starting out almost 20 years ago. Still have it and it still runs.
Also he was hired on by homesteaders or put up by them for a while in return for planting apple trees so that they could claim the land.
I don't even know where to start. Sorry for your loss. If it's blood it's not going to come out properly and can be a biohazard. Please do not use a rented machine to clean it. What you need is a protease enzyme cleaner. It breaks down the molecules. A good pre-soak with this will really help. Personally i would reach out to social services and see if they have someone who can do this for you. You've got enough on your plate.
Also, contact your homeowners insurance. Oftentimes they will cover the remediation.
Medium bed mortar is for large format tiles. Thinset is for small tiles. Heavyset is for natural uncut stone like river rock.
Read the back of the bag. It specifies thinset is for up to 8-12" tiles max, and a shallow trowel depth. People call medium and heavyset bonding mortar adhesives thinset colloquially. So often time the mediumset get lumped in.
Bending a wheel is nearly impossible with it off the car. They're meant to hold literal tons of weight. A pothole is much more likely. I would have that one remounted if it's close. Often just moving the tire around and the weight location will alleviate something that minor.
Yeah here thinset is a product made by a certain company. It generally just gets to the point where anything is called thinset as a colloqualism. What's needed here is technically a polymer modified medium bed adhesive mortar. Usually called LFT, or large format tile, mortar.
Exactly, It's in front of the radiator and and susceptible to damage. However it's a lot better to have your a/c punctured than your radiator.
I restored a 1972 Triumph GT6 for my senior project. It was expensive, mainly because it was a rare car and parts were hard to find. Jeeps aren't expensive. Also they are easy to work on.
They're really strong, just the weight of the wheel shouldn't be enough unless you're dropping it off the tenth story or something.
Got the car in boxes. So yeah. It was mostly complete though. Replaced wear items, rebuilt the motor, rust repair and got it into primer by the time the senior project was due. Unfortunately i spun out and wrecked it literally driving to the body shop. So yeah. Got pissed and put it in the corner of the barn while i went to college. It's still there.
i am not. I'll check it out. Reddit is close to the only social media i do. I like that i can narrow it down to pretty much just my interests.
Right now dead batteries are our fucking bane. Two months closed, then how crazy busy we are. It's been tough to knock the lot rot off the rigs. But by now (3rd week back open) it should be pretty dialed. Only had 2 dead batteries this week so far. Only one was on an up too.
dude. Would you buy one with 150k miles for $1500 less than one with 50k miles? KBB's mileage adjust on older cars is a joke. Their values on anything more than 5 years old is a joke. Use market data for averages on ones that have similar miles on older cars.
Look up local laws, but in my state atleast the paperwork has to be done at the dealership or you need an offsite sales license and lease agreement individually for each sale location. Either way you need a brick and mortar, zoned properly, with visible signage.
Yeah i was thinking it would be much easier to restain those wood panels into a different color to make them not clash. If you pop them off, take em outside and sand the finish off, then spray with bleach and let sit in the sun, they'll bleach out really well, then i would go with a super light gray stain. The blue bathroom though... I actually had the exact same one. It's a tearout i'm in the middle of right now.
lots of dealers, in fact i'd say the majority, don't do this. In fact it's illegal not to disclose any fees. Some shady ones don't disclose, or bury it in the fine print. Don't give them your business. It's a product of the internet search age. Some shady dealers have realized by offering cars at a loss, but jacking up fees, they can come in 1st in the search results. Don't reward this behavior.
Full disclosure i run a car dealership but this doesn't make it any less true. Buying a $2-3k beater (4-7K if it's a 4x4) and having high repair bills are tough on the budget. People get lucky sometimes, and get burned often. Personally i love old vehicle and drive a 90's toyota. But it costs me atleast a couple grand a year in repairs to keep it on the road. I bought it in 2015, and in the last 5 years, it has needed $10k in repairs. I could have bought a much newer truck for that money if i wasn't in love with these. If you're going to take out a note, but a reliable nicer car, and have it inspected. It's pretty easy to find a car for under $250/mo. And since it passed inspection and you bought it from a reliable place you trust (right?), you know the note plus insurance and gas will be your costs for a car. Now you can save money driving older and higher mileage cars. That entirely depends on your ability to do ALL the work on them yourself.
Looks like they're right next to a solid sidewalk. Rent a cherry picker (engine hoist), Pick em up, Put them on a dolly, and voila, you've just moved them. Whether to the back of a truck/trailer to haul to the dump, or someone wanting to take them. I've moved much bigger statues with one. Just don't put any part you like underneath it, and strap it on correctly.
People regret selling cars for the wrong reason 90% of the time. Sure you sold that car for half it's current value that it was 10 years ago. But in order for it to be worth that now, you would have had to have put no miles on it, stored it in a climate controlled garage, and replaced and maintained a lot of parts. Generally that would mean a net loss. Now if you have a car you absolutely love, hanging on to one so that you still have it when they become rare and you don't care about the cost. That's a different story.
Motor, Transmission, Rear End, Suspension, Paint, etc. Some trucks aren't cheap to repair. The actual requirements to keep it just on the road weren't as high. But i wanted to keep it in nice condition so i would fix anything that got worn.
Yeah, i only did the back one too. There's another, and sidewalks, but they're in ok shape.
I have nothing to add other than this is just straight up disappointing. Hopefully those who were stirring up this shit are held responsible.
Tub and tile cleaner..... Like for a bathroom. Comet, softscrub, etc.. Should get it right off the tile part, the grout may be harder.
Just a side note, a lot of those are meant to be fired directly at the legs, not bounced. But never at the face. It says right on the goddamn box.
Where are you that good examples of any of these are under $25k?
The installer was lazy and didn't wash that off. Hit it with some simple green and a brush and it'll come right off.
Why are you taking chances doing things like this if you are immunocompromised? But yes, supply is running out and factories are shut down. Sounds like you found one that's a grand or more cheaper than the others. That's going to be a good deal. It's not like there is much markup in RAV4's to begin with.
Well yes they can do lasting damage to ears. But with a choice between hearing damage and getting shot....
Peaceful protests shouldn't be messed with. Once you cross that line from peaceful protest to riot, you are a criminal and should be dealt with accordingly.
I'm all for peaceful protests. It's a right that is enumerated in our first amendment. Occupying and holding public land is not a peaceful protest. Are you going to try and tell me that Ammon Bundy should have just been left alone?
I didn't say any of that. You don't need to put words in peoples mouth. I was also out protesting. I'm able to have a rational conversation about what needs to be done to fix injustices. Quit being a wannabe keyboard warrior and actually listen to what is said.
This isn't true. Leaseholders are bound to their maintenance schedules by contract, while buyers are not.
Yes, because violence and criminal activity are a good way to make people get on your side. There were a couple people like you at the protest last weekend. Luckily the rest of us tossed them the fuck out on their ass so that we could peaceably demonstrate as is our right.
Yes. That's pretty normal with extract brewing to malt and boil in about 2-3 gallons, then fill the carboy to 5.
Newer touch up pens have a little fiberglass sander built in. It's about a 1mm wedge tip.
Yeah umm... We ask because car prices are highly variable depending on area. We do t know where you live and what the average price for a scion tC is in your area. Buut, you can easily look that up. If you're wondering what sites to use to find comparable cars or how to find comparable cars we can help you with that. We're here to answer questions about the process and help people navigate the buying experience. Read the FAQ.
Yup especially used. Varies based on where the cars are from too. Cars from the rust belt are worth significantly less for obvious reasons.
Yeah i've broken a few over the years. Mainly during sanitizing. Actually every time it was during sanitizing. I cut a 5 gal bucket to fit the side profile, so now i just put em in the big laundry sink and roll them with the starsan in em. Haven't broken one since.
Fully fully, like lay it out like a blanket? I don't know of any. My kelty does zip all the way around the footbed though and from both sides, but it's curved so it doesn't fold out like that. I sleep with the feet unzipped a little. That feature is pretty common.
Consider popping a bag in there. They make them for shop vacs just like they make them for regular vacuums. Kinda spendy though.
Nope. But wire works just fine in a pinch.
811 will locate outside. Then you find where they pop up inside. 99% of the time the lines are straight when underground so just draw a line between the two.
Both are kerosene I think. Usually that's what they call "white gas"
They're only going up considering it's been twenty years since they were made.
Its a generic term, I just looked it up to make sure.. Coleman white gas is naptha, there's other ethers in there, as well as undistilled gasoline also called white gas. White spirits is kerosene and that's what I was thinking of.
The smoking rate among nurses and doctors is absurdly high too.
Older Jeep's with the 4.0 are reliable running gear wise. And as long as you get a no frills version with minimal electronics then you can avoid those problems. Buuut, they sacrifice on-road ability for off-road at every corner and make terrible daily drivers. Doing 70 mph is an exercise in bravery.
I've been looking for a blown up one of these or a Roadmaster to make a sleeper outta for a while now. Full strip and Plexi with a big block. Tub and tint. Cutouts with quiet mufflers. Uncorking the family vacation rig and running 10s is a life goal. For some stupid reason.
If the shop vac is workshop claimed and doesn't need to be drug around the house, get a dust deputy for it and better filters. The dust deputy will pay for itself in reduced filter changes.
You mean the great sunscreen riots of '99? That was a nice day.
Frams like in the picture have arrows on them every 1/4 turn so you can do exactly that...
hahaha.. That's awesome. I do that to myself sometimes too. "who the fuck did this and didn't use loctite/tightened too much/forgot a new crush washer" oh yeah, this guy in the mirror.
If they made em outta zinc it could double as a rust anode!
16-19 weeks old minimum usually.
Don't worry, if you think a wrangler depreciate that hard you're in no danger of buying one. A santa-fe maybe.
Changing the fluid doesn't cause the transmission to fail. Going over the service interval does. But often the fluid gets contaminated and that will cause it to be extra grippy and not slip. When you put fresh clean fluid in it starts to slip, not because it caused it to fail, but because it was covered up by the oil fluid with chunks in it. If you leave the old in, however, it will continue to degrade.
well then i would follow the instructions and just wait.
Sorry man. That stuff isn't coming off in any cost effective or easy way that I know of. It's really only meant to milk a little more time out of a deck before a full replacement.
Yeah but they've got a special spot in my heart. And lots of room for improvement.
Although i don't have a ton of all three (usually one or the other is taking the photo) there's plenty of family photos and group photos with all of us together. I'm not erasing the past, we had good times that should be cherished and bad that should be learned from. Just because it didn't work out doesn't mean that moment in the photo was a bad one. I also didn't delete the photos on my facebook or my computer. I don't go poring over them. But they are a part of my life and history.
So just so you know, a very common thing on those nissans is to buy a sentra knock sensor with the longer wire and relocate it from under the intake to the rear of the intake where that empty hole is. You'll still have to fill the old hole because usually the old one is just left in.
i mean, adding bacon chunks and melting a little sprinkle of cheddar is ok. But 98% of the cup should be fries, brown gravy, and cheese curds.
most smaller lots don't do truecar for used. It's basically just another listing service for used.
If you want a stick, the Ford small cars are ridiculously cheap because the automatics are trash.
Turns out using player likenesses and names would make them ineligible for play under current NCAA rules. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/NCAA_Football_(video_game_series)#:~:text=In%20July%202013%2C%20the%20NCAA,player%20likenesses%20in%20the%20games.
exactly, you can cut sheet goods with a circular saw and guide, but you can't make good miters with a jobsite table saw.
Exactly. Not to mention the large conferences have banned ea from using their likenesses as well. So it'll be generic state vs. generic University vs generic tech.
Autocheck considers altered suspension frame damage. So every lifted truck that goes through auction will have a dirty autocheck. Even if there was never an accident.
What? That's such bad advice and seriously manipulative.
Therapy is an important step. It can really help, especially in cases where it's just built up low-grade conflict and resentment. It's really hard to untangle that by yourself. Even in cases where it doesn't avert divorce, the relationship tools it gives you for the future are important.
Check your mortgage contract. Mine was written so that i could only drop it once it was 80% of the LOAN AMOUNT, not the value.
Yeah. Like this is not helping your case. They need a lawyer, not a gofundme for new furniture...
Watch what other people fishing out there are fishing for and what type of rig they are using. Imitation is a very good substitute for experience when it comes to fishing a new area.
It should be fine as long as you acclimate it. The worry would be it shrinking and gaps open up if you were to take it straight from there and install it. Any warped or goofy boards you'd notice as you put them down but i doubt you'll find any unless it was literally sitting out in the rain.
Chainsaw gloves? i've heard of filet gloves, but all the chainsaw gloves i've ever seen are just like normal leather gloves or mechanics gloves but just with a chainsaw brand logo on them.
If you do add molding to the bottom, i suggest the PVC vented type to keep the walls from building up moisture.
maaaybe trash pandas aka racoons..
Literally everything is a cocksucker to work on when it comes to previas. Which is weird, because toyota's of that era get a majority of their reputation for reliability because parts are cheap and repairs are really easy.
did it just dry up too easy? I find to make that stuff work well, it's important to cover it. Saran wrap for little stuff, plastic drop cloths for large areas.
It looks like staining from the grout install to me. If it's been sealed, you're going to have a really tough time getting it out. You'll need to use an appropriate sealant remover, then an appropriate cleaner, then reseal.
Why would it touch the top of the wall and not the bottom? But yes, an expansion joint should be fine. Sometimes a fiber bar is used if you expect frost heaving. Now you will want to get opinions from local concrete contractors. We don't have frost heave here, so the rules may be different where you live. Our weird rules are mostly extra heavy footers for hydraulic pressure. They vary location to location.
That's not terrible for a first time buyers rate. You are much more of a risk than someone with established credit. A 760 thin file is usually a higher rate than a 680 with depth. It's about credit history. Not just score. I'm actually surprised you got that good of a rate with only 1 year self-employed. That's usually an automatic sub-prime for most lenders unless you have 2 tax returns. 11.67% isn't bad historically btw. When i started doing this that was prime credit on almost new. Expect used to get up about 6-7% for top tier within the next couple years. It's already at 4-5 average for anything older than a couple years now.
price wise? I like rockauto's listing layout, makes it really easy to find parts. Also makes it easy to copy part numbers to put into amazon for free shipping....
or atleast if it needs frosting, cream cheese frosting on a savory cake (carrot, spice, etc). Cake is sugary enough without straight up sugar frosting. Basically a victoria sponge cake is the peak of cakemaking for my tastes. The only one better is the same ingredients basically, but in angel-food cake sliced form, rather than sandwich form. Because you can layer fresh fruit on top.
The grout coloring is probably iron oxide based, it looks tanish/red in color. Try a little CLR if it hasn't been sealed. Blotting with a sponge.
It looks just like the one that goes on the starter solenoid, but i see that one is already there. Probably oil pressure switch?
I just stack rocks all around the tent stakes. Basically build a cairn over the tent stake and use the stake like a earth anchor.
that's why it's shifting hard. Universal ATF is really not the way to go for those. They're picky. You need to drain it all the way, pull the pan, new gasket and filter, and pull the plug on the torque converter. Then put in the correct fluid. (Mercon V (not type F))
You need a turbo head with lower compression (from a 7m), and new pistons and rings (also 7m). Then you need a turbo, and the associated piping and fuel delivery system, as well as a standalone ECM. It's a pretty serious swap going from N/A to forced induction, and sometimes it's easier to swap in a turbo motor already set up. Or you can just bolt on a turbo, and wonder why it blew up pretty shortly afterwards. Generally by sticking the piston rings into the block, which can ruin the block. We just did a 7m head/5m block turbo setup. Only because we had a 7m head and pistons, and got a MK2 cheap with a turbo slapped on, that had seized within 5k miles.
I hunt in heavy brush out west, and i feel like a 20" barrel makes more of a difference. My 24's and 26's snag, the 20's don't. I hike and mountain bike, cross sling with a 20" barrel and it's never been an issue. It only comes up a couple inches over my shoulder, and that's because i wear tight and high on the bike. I feel like in order to not be super heavy, a folding rifle wouldn't be that solid in large calibers. The cross gets away with it since it is generally supported by the bipod. It's also over 7lbs, even skeletonized. Also about the skeletonized rifles, i feel that would snag on brush way more, especially when trying to take a shot. I mean it's a sweet idea. And you could always have one made. They make folding chassis for the 700 and others (savage 10 and 12 usually fit the same ones), but the tradeoff is usually a large weight gain.
There's often extra plugs for diagnostic purposes or options that car doesn't have.
wait until the paint has time to offgass. Don't seal up fresh paint or you'll get bubbles.
You can run a carbureted motor. However a computer-ran engine wouldn't require a different speedo or tach, they are ran off the gearbox and distributor, and can be hooked up to a modern engine.
it does make it really annoying to chase fuses if you're working on a car though. Because it won't match up to the fuse diagram.
Also don't go straight up and down like whoever did that before. Think banana shapes.
dude. how much tp are ya using that it can clog a cast sewer pipe? But if it's a straight run, they can sometimes be sleeved with abs inside if they aren't too long. Now this does reduce the size. So it's more used for broken or leaky pipes. It may make it clog worse if you're pumping bucketfulls of tp down there.
I was fishing with my dad and hear a commotion. There's an unattended car rolling across a lawn. Onto a dock. Off the end. Splash. 68 GTO at the bottom of the lake. Tow trucks come and go. It doesn't move. Nobody wants to touch it. Insurance won't cover it. Etc. So i walk up to the lady and ask if she has the title. She says it's at home. Good, it's not ruined at the bottom of the lake. $2k cash in her hand, and i own a GTO at 14. Problem now is, how to get it out of the lake. It's pretty deep, 25-30 feet. Muddy bottom. Some trees. So que a gas powered air compressor and every innertube we own. In the trunk, in the car, etc. Dive down, put em in, come back up for air, go down with the hose, fill, get air, fill. Took a long time but the rear end starts lifting. Not enough to get to the surface of course. But enough to hook the boat to and get her around the dock and facing the boat ramp without digging into the mud. Cable winch her out. Only body damage was the front bumper and nosecone. So we strip it all the way down, dry it out, pull the heads off the motor and everything. Back together and dry she runs like a dream. Surprisingly no electrical issues since we got it out fast and kept it unplugged while it dried and cleaned every connection in the dash. So i trade it for a 95' F150 for when i turn 16. Still a good deal in my opinion.
Hmm... Cast iron usually gets a pretty smooth deposit layer on it after not too long. Have you been using a lot of drano?
No problem. I'm 34, and it's weirder to find women who aren't divorced than those that are. There's usually a reason.
Older house drain designs don't have quite as much slope, etc. Maybe you need to be using more water. IE washing your hands longer after flushing to get more water behind the tp. And try a different brand of TP. Especially if you're using charmin ultra soft or something like that. That clogs everything, it's like flushing t-shirts. Just some thoughts before you go spending thousands of dollars on something that a small adjustment can fix.
Cane sugar is normal table sugar. There's also beet sugar, but it's not as tasty, and maple sugar which is maple syrup based and fuckin delicious. And lots of other sugars too. But usually to be economically viable it needs to come from a high sugar content crop like sugarcane, sugarbeets, or sugar maples.
Hahahaha... None. Bitcoin guys still work behind the counter at subway. They HODL'd too long.
I Don't. Anyone who knows that isn't going to buy one used. I also prefer not to show off the automatic seat recline memory that doesn't have pressure sensors and thus can crush the rear seat passenger if they are tall.
It's a shitty byproduct of modern advertising. Advertise the lowest price, get the most response. Just like rebate stacking on new cars. It's a shitty thing to do, and disingenuous. Don't buy from dealers that do this. But unfortunately plenty of people do, so this practice is starting to push out honest and transparent pricing.
Only on a british car will you need to run to the store to get ATF for your carburetor...
That's pretty much standard practice. Mine beat my salmon record the first time out. On the 4th of July, while she was sunbathing and taking a nap on the bow of the boat. I had been salmon fishing for almost 25 years. Never hit 30lbs on a king in my area. Fuckin one and done.
A coffee maker. I make the coffee every fucking day. At work. I've got a percolator for camping and if i get froggy on a sunday.
yeah. Blacktop is tar. A petroleum product. Don't use that stuff on it.
If you sign at the hospital on the birth certificate, you are legally the father in the US. So if you have any doubts, you better get the pat test before birth.
Look on the packaging. Cure time varies greatly with different formulas of self-leveling concrete.
A door guy can shave off an inch and a half pretty easy. It would probably be past the trimmable bit that's included, but you could knock it out of the cutoff piece, clean up the inside, and reglue it in the bottom.
I live three blocks from work... I wouldn't even have a couple stops out of it by the time I got there. Not worth doing it twice.
Where at? Different locations have different rules on who has to register it. For example in BC, someone buys the car (owner 1), trades it in to a dealer (#2), who wholesales it because it's not their brand or whatever (#3), then they wholesale it after 90 days (#4), then they sell it to someone (#5). That car has had two owners drive it, but 5 registered owners. There's also the other wierd situations. Dad buys the car, dies, mom inherits, gives to the kids, son divorces wife, wife gets the car. That's 4 ownership changes with two drivers.
Most newer vehicles have the purge valve open as default on the charcoal canister. However there's enough stuff between open air and gasoline that it's generally not a huge issue. If it's over a year old in a tank, best to mix it with fresh premium and run it all out.
Is it that the blades are bad? or is the arbor worn out leading to wobble. Either way a circular saw with a saw guide is the correct tool for ripping (cutting lengthwise), with the next step up being a table saw. In general you need both though, a circular saw is best for breaking down sheet goods to rough dimensions, then a tablesaw for very accurate cuts. Though a good circular saw can be just as accurate, it's more that the fence on the tablesaw makes it so you don't need to be as careful measuring to get parallel cuts. A miter saw is for miters (obviously). It's for crosscutting lumber to length. You can do it with a circular saw as well since they are just basically a mounted circular saw. But they make cutting precise angles easier. TL:DR, a good circular saw is an essential tool. The others do specific tasks better due to the mounting system.
That's why. Canada lists the dealers as owners. In the US, we don't register the cars under the dealerships name except in special circumstances, they just get registered under the new owner. In Canada it can show several owners and still just have one real person driving it.
