It's a pretty pleasant middle ground between its contemporaries and a more western cartoony look.
Yep! If memory serves the main conflict/message about general violence was a creation of the dub. Original version was that M2 has some major resentment towards humans over his origins (lost some quasi-childhood friends in the clone tubes, plus getting betrayed by Giovanni) and goes all bioengineered clonémon supremacist more or less as shown. Then Mew breaks in to see what's up with the global psychic hurricane and goes "oh *these* abominations have got to *go*" and a big race war breaks out. Ash gets sick of their senseless bullshit and tries to intervene, gets martyred, and that managed to get everyone to cut it out. Sort of a "don't be a shit about people's origins" moral. (Which makes sense considering the market)
Yeah it was the same problem as she had back on the mountain. She kept ceaselessly running at 100% with blinders on and it screwed her every time. Overexertion/overwork as a kid to prep for the play probably weakening her immune system. Too much constant strain on her legs leading to injury from basic stretches in the intro ceremony. Going buggernuts crazy test-prepper causing her to psyche herself out. Getting so jazzed about being an idol that she ran out into the street. The consequences all had *legendary*-ily bad timing, but they were the product of her hubris nonetheless. Plus with how the series seems to occasionally take subtle shots at the not-so-great parts of the industry, showing a main character self-destructing by working herself into the ground is pretty apt.
Ikuhara shows are pretty good about that. Trying to figure out what all the symbolism and allusions are pointing toward, how much of what's happening on-screen is *actually happening,* reading between lines, sorting out the logical flow of events involving the apple and 95 in Penguindrum, etc. Shinsekai Yori did a real good job of making me try (and mostly fail) to think of any course of action that would make that whole world less absurdly shitty. Mulled over that one for a good while.
You have to be at least a *little* assertive to walk around in one of those getups. ^(Or the absolute least assertive, I guess)
Might even just be writing constraints, re-jiggering a rap into lip-flap-matching English must be a colossal pain in the ass.
Probably closer to a single minute, if that. Worth remembering that time stands still any time a JoJo character is speaking during a fight.
You look at it and they post your retina pattern on their newsfeed.
With rare exception, going "1 to 1" when adapting something is shitty adaptational work. When trying to shift a story into a new medium some degree of artistic liberties *need* to be taken for the sake of pacing, presentation, and impact: Not doing so is how you get garbage like characters interrupting what's supposed to be an action scene every four seconds to loudly announce *shit we can clearly see with our own eyes* because "god forbid we strip out the vestigial clarifying commentary from the manga!" Among many many other problems. If you're a heavy perceived-authorial-intent type, just read the source material instead.
It applies to non-action titles too, they're just the easiest example. If something still works really well in the new medium then certainly, keep it. But if it's something that doesn't fit as well or could be changed to be more effective (framing, camerawork, visual effects, etc) then they should do it. You can do more claustrophobic angles and the like since there's more visual clarity in animation than a manga, for instance.
I can't believe Elmo slugged Crymetina.
Yeah that's pretty much the long and short of it in the States too. Unless you happen to live in a major city it's "fuck you, wait for the BD and avoid the spoilers."
Hell "Twitch stream" and "smooth pacing" are separate concepts kept in different rooms of different buildings on opposite sides of the planet. It's just the antithesis of a pleasant viewing experience. Like I loved Liam's LP work, but he basically stopped existing under a flood of chat interference bullshit and subscriber thanks. I wish I could enjoy his work, but I ditched broadcast TV for a mere 2:1 SNR with the breaks spread out from each other rather than dropping in mid-scene.
It's kinda baffling to be honest. Did Plex get the majority of its stock bought up by out-of-the loop investors? It's one of the only things that would make sense of the total reversal of direction from what got them big. (And the blatant chasing of trends from thoroughly-saturated markets.)
Hell you can turn a profit paying full price plus some minor renno. Turning down a 50% off house is *actually* leaving free money on the table.
The Zaibatsu lost three members yesterday. Now it's down to 54,887.
To be nearer to an office that may or may not exist anymore :\
The channel ending because of salty Smash johns is pretty appropriate (and likely less depressing than the other possible/real reasons).
Yeah that might be handy. Though I did manage to get the same downscaler used in the script running in staxrip for encoding.
I mostly just know it because it's what MegUI uses. I'm starting to transition over to Staxrip w/vapoursynth now that I've finally gotten it installed.
Plus it's still a shitload better than what fans of western animation tend to have to put up with. ^(Fucking CN and Disney)
Depends on the universe I guess. You could get screwed and wind up like Yuuki, or luck out and be a Tsubomi.
YoutubeDL works and recombines them.
YoutubeDL
I obviously agree as the genres have developed, I'm just saying that the fact that a game consisting entirely of fighting doesn't fall under the umbrella of "fighting game" whatsoever is batty from a language perspective. There's really no fix for that without renaming all the genres and somehow getting people to switch though.
I'd throw my hat in for the WD Gold series. Not cheap, but that warranty and MTBF...
Oh man she was great, every time she made an appearance it was like [running into a bonus boss unprepared](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7OfNgkxkM_o). The "Rival character who drops in every once in a while to serve up humble pie" is such a fun archetype, and the Vergil/Jeanne principle extends to other forms of fiction really well. Made a good barometer of the team's increasing strength as the series went on too. [Princess](/s "Towa was great, but Twilight really left the series far too soon.")
Oh *god,* Mepple. The lovey time stuff didn't bug me, but his constant self-centered and counterproductive shittiness to Nagisa was grating as hell. ^(Just a smidge of gratitude to the people volunteering to *save your dimension,* please.) Girl's got the patience of a saint, I'd have dropped him down a storm drain by the end of the first act. I'm fond of Cofferet and Potpourri myself. The fairy trio got a lot of good comedy going, and they never managed to annoy me. (Chypre is barred from qualifying until it's fully housebroken.) Also [HC](/s "Sexy Grandpa"), if that one counts.
Eh, definitely *record* in the highest quality, but if it's going on Youtube it'll get recompressed to shit, so you can tighten the filesize belt a little when it comes to the final render (perhaps throw in some denoising to minimize YT's damage).
Are you suggesting *not* putting a giant skill wall right at the start of your game helps make it popular? Ridiculous.
&gt; But as soon as the USA really ramped up its productions in the 80s with stuff like Transformers, GI Joe, more Hann Barbera stuff, etc we see those Japanese productions almost completely disappear Seems like they should be due for a return then. It could just be a perception thing, but the production of western animation seems like it's ramped down pretty significantly since the 80s.
He's the vehicle and infiltration expert for the *Spirits of Christmas,* along with the sleep-toxin spreading Sandman and the liquid nitrogen cannon wielding Frost.
Probably require some new/modified firmware, but yeah pretty much. A laser engraver and 3D extrusion printer use basically the same type of carriage, the 3D one just has a third axis of motion.
The Pain arc felt like it would have been a perfect bookend for the series (having basically brought resolution and catharsis to Naruto's personal struggles introduced at the start of the series) were it not for all of the still-dangling plot threads.
Viridi's case is based on a conversation where she says Roy being 15 isn't considered "illegal" (to fight, but the implication is strong) in his home country and then starts being all bubbly and speculating about how good he smells.
IIRC Minecraft was more a CPU melter than something that stresses GPUs. Regardless, try blasting some compressed air/duster into the vents. If your fans were running full-tilt and it still entered thermal shutdown then something's probably not working right.
RightStuf is a specialist shop and has the best media packaging around, never got so much as a dent in a slipcase from them. Sentai Filmworks' site has some good sales and use RS for fulfillment. Not sure if they do Canada though. Amazon carries just about everything, so they're a good option. If you want to buy British/Region B sets (because Aniplex) I'd suggest Zavvi: Good prices, and free, surprisingly speedy international shipping.
INDEED HE IS, WHY ARE WE YELLING?
[Huggto E11](/s "I thought the introduction of the Cure Sword seemed a little clashy with Hannah's usual style, but her moment of clarity and change of tactics was a pretty good surprise. It was really fitting with the show's themes and as much as 'now to finish you off, HHHYYYYAAAAA-woah! The hell am I doing? Just about lost my marbles there, yeah I'd rather hug this out than kill a guy' seems like it'd be typical, it's kinda not for this franchise. Could have shown that he was indeed still alive a LOT sooner so it didn't come off as a maybe-death anyways though.") That said, the design and function of what it became is definitely going to bug me in the stock cuts. It's not that fucking "violin" by a long shot, but it's not great. [Continued up to E14](/s "I like how they're playing (probably Cure-) Purple as hypercompetent but dumb as rocks, it's really fitting for a computer-person. Though they could probably have afforded to make her pre-face-turn outfit less monolithic in color, the 'what is this eee mooo shuns' moment should have been the -first- major clue she's going to join the team.") ^(I'm gonna look reeeal dumb if she doesn't though.) /u/lilyvess
Gotcha
The main problem is that batteries will pull way more amps than they can safely handle, hence the need for charge controllers to prevent things from getting explodey when you've got a 2V difference over a cell with 8 milliohms of internal resistance (250A). Assuming the charger they've got plugged into that port isn't a heinous piece of garbage then it should be able to keep a steady 0.5A (which that 2.4A port can handily provide, assuming it's a single cell), but it wouldn't be a bad idea to swap to the 1A outlet just in case it's configured wrong.
IIRC It's the new version of "Kobe!" with a little bit of "Yoink."
Who needs stairs when you've got jumps and drop-throughs?
Ah. Still, a lightweight software setup without all the bloated crap OEMs love to pack on their machines, paired with a solid-state (over whatever cheap 5600RPM spinner it came with) puts a lot of pep into almost anything's step. Won't fix up a cheap display I suppose, but it's still way less expensive than a whole new system. When did you get it? The only real hard limiting factor that springs to mind is if it came with a pittance of irreplaceable RAM .
30 months is a pretty short lifetime for a computer, even a cheap laptop. That certainly sounds like something Chrome would do. Task Manager's "performance" tab should show memory utilization so if that's nearly full during normal operation that's the culprit. Probably also worth going into the Startup tab and disabling anything nonessential while you're in there. Otherwise it's the slow disk and excess background processes.
I got a new mattress/box spring as a birthday present a few years ago, easily the best gift I've been given in a long ass time. A good mattress is a massive quality of life improvement.
I really need to make sure not to accept another "conduct observational study of [planet]" contract in KSP. On Kerbin it's fine because I can finally let the spaceplane hangar get used for something and jet around for a bit, but it's a much MUCH bigger pain in the ass when there's no atmosphere and you're having to constantly kick it (anti)-normal on the fly to deal with its rotation *and* avoid smashing into the surface *and* keep it under minimum altitude while still having enough fuel to make it home. I'll stick with orbital rescue ops as my financial bread-and-butter, thanks.
Does android just not have some cheatengine equivalent? Like it'd definitely require rooting, but it seems just as legitimate as getting rolls from suffering through ads.
[Always-online](#gabdisgust)
Depends on what one considers their "all" I'd say. If it's max output then no, you're not getting any more once the pedal's already to the floor (short of a badly written friendship speech anyways). If it's max "sustainable" output then yeah you can give a lot more than your all for quick bursts, but you'll definitely start to feel the consequences if you don't get a rest.
Why is Ursula so tiny?
[Basically](https://i.imgur.com/ja3HtnT.jpg)
And you could already get those from Toei's twitter anyways :\
&gt; 1 At 6'4" and facial hair I'd say go for contrast and pick someone tiny - Kanna or the like. &gt; 2 I'm not sure if Dr. McNinja has any translation efforts, but that'd be a solid candidate. &gt; 3 Pretty easy, I suspect years of video games helped with my tool use skills and general spatial awareness and the general concepts are pretty straightforward. Just a few practice laps around an empty parking lot and I more or less had it sorted. Still no accidents! Parking was a bit of a bitch to nail down though, I got hand-me-downed our boat of a family wagon which caused me some issues on the driving test: They put full-sized road cones on the inside of a spot and you had to drive in without hitting any, shaving probably a good 20" off the sides of an already somewhat narrow space. Had to retake it thanks to that alone, perfect score otherwise. &gt; 4 My aptitude for pizza-making. My pallete's somewhat limited and it's a *really* specialized process to properly cook, so it's not exactly something people expect me to be versed in. &gt; 5 Rice bullion, if you're on a razor-thin budget and need something cheap to live on. Otherwise, good brownies and cookies to bribe classmates into helping you study with. Edit: Also pasta, for the student with enough food budget to live on actual meals but still wanting to save some coin.
At a certain point algebra just stops registering as "math." It's the incidental cleanup and prep you do in between the math. ^(Fucking partial fractions)
Hikaru has that same quality that characters like Mario or Bayonetta share where they seem to be having as much fun with their adventures as the audience is. It's really endearing.
Fresh 07: Oh nice, an espionage arc. It'd be kind of interesting if for one of these the leads figured out early on that their new friend was one of the goons they keep facing off with, but pretended not to notice because the team liked them as a person and hoped that continuing to get some positive experiences under their belt would push them to change their ways: It'd be a nice twist on the formula, knowingly being kind to their enemy seems pretty on-message for the franchise, and it's relatively uncommon that the protags get to be proactive in their professional lives. [07](/s "I appreciate how generally aware and practical Setsuna's being. Swiping the Cures' transformation goober is an unusually pragmatic plan for her ilk, and figuring out Love and her friends *immediately* on the basis of 'close friends dressed all in blue and yellow? Yeah that's them alright' was a funny moment of genre-savviness.") I feel there's a market saturation joke to be made about getting what I assume will be a magical trinket out of a crane machine... [.](/u/HelioA) [.](/u/lilyvess)
No prob, had a rough semester or two back in the day. Though if there are essay-type questions it might be worth picking up a *very* slapdash version of the abandoned concepts so you can BS together something that sounds like you might have some understanding of the material for partial credit. Probably won't get much, but if you've got time left on the clock it's a heck of a lot better than a blank box.
Yeah the lack of a Dredd 2 is a huge bummer. I'd say check out *The Raid.* It's somewhat similar in its location and premise, but it eventually trades the gunfire for badass martial arts.
Because if they didn't come up with nonsense to waste their time with they might have to have some uncomfortable conversations about actual issues, like human trafficking or organ harvesting or genocide.
Yeah basically, Android pretty much works with whatever you can jam into the USB port: Flash drives, keyboards, mice, game controllers, DACs, etc. IIRC it worked with OTG spec from the start.
I would assume because then they'd be competing with 99-cent OTG cables, which work with any brand of thumbdrive. So instead they use the free software to incentivize people to buy their more expensive storage.
I'd say "perfectly balanced," but odds are there'd be very little of value actually lost.
People pushed sympho here? I can see the connection (short-haired punchgirl) but I must have missed that one.
Star Twinkle 18: Well that was cute, though her mom needs a new producer if he really thought *that* plan would work out. [STPC18](/s "'Oh I'll push the talent to make something *wildly* outside the area of her expertise to chase trends!' What is this, EA? Hikaru's idea was way better; use the doctoral romance as a hook for a space fantasy story that's more her mom's speed.") The weekly intrusions are getting a bit arbitrary at this point though - they work when the two groups clash while out hunting for plot coupons, but for the earthside episodes it's like they showed up because it was in their villain contract. You need either an actual plan, or the Gym Trio's sense of desperation to pull off beating your head against the same brick wall like that. Guess I was spot-on with Cat's deal. [.](/u/helioa) [.](/u/lilyvess)
I wonder if coming after Hugtto helped in that department, what with its androids and time-travel.
It's like Mario Kart meets Corsa.
I suspect they're saving it for the finale.
I had a few laptops at an old job that would randomly do that every month or so, it was such a pain in the ass.
[Franchise not-really-spoilers](/s "Yeah the standard Pink Cure starter kit typically includes a transformation doodad, two mascots and related doodad, a transformation sequence and accompanying spangly outfit, a finisher sequence, super strength, and one or two allies. They establish the baseline *really* quickly, though any other developments are more evenly spaced out.") (Count me in for tags too, if you don't mind)
Monitor stand, rather. The little arm-y deal that holds monitors up where you can see them. Including it standard with their expensive new monitor like every other display would have broken their bank or something.
Yeah that's pretty on-brand for them. "Want to use our product with the universal standard employed by literally everyone else in the industry? Fuck you pay me."
I don't understand the Plex devs. "Yeah the subtitle support is still fucked, but with the latest update we made the UI less functional and added a bunch of unwanted online service crap like Tidal to your *personal media server program!* Also we fixed some stability issues - namely the issue that playback was still marginally stable." If there was a way to rollback the server to the days where the web UI didn't have a lower frame rate while scrolling than my old leg-melter of a laptop failing to run Crysis and the mobile terminal to when you could easily switch libraries from one tap of the left side menu rather than voyaging through a malaise of tabs, dropdowns, and "view entire library" buttons I'd do it in a fucking heartbeat. [Just let me watch my videos in peace](#yuitears)
For me it's people slowing down in the main lanes pre-turn when there's a dedicated center turn lane. Switch lanes *then* brake, don't bog down traffic for no reason.
Especially on a pickup: No way you're getting sports car performance of any kind with that CoG.
It seems like it's based on a misunderstanding of how probability works - as if landing Tails the first flip somehow increases the odds of the next being Heads over P=0.5 because with infinite flips the totals of each would be approximately equal.
Or more pressingly - if you are putting something on a card because you can't afford it, put it back on the shelf unless you'll literally die without it. Because if you can't afford it now, you'll most likely wind up in the exact same hole 30 days later.
Crowdsourced taxi services like Lyft and Uber are a bit sketchy in their treatment of their employees (the Independent Contractor loophole, generally poor pay, etc.), but I wouldn't say they're scams since IIRC their pay rates are made relatively clear to applicants.
It'd be bullshit even if it *was* a legal requirement for the safety reasons you mentioned (and just stupid in general, because if the driver shares the biker's road rage tendencies things will *not* end well for the latter), but yeah it's completely ridiculous. Dumb shit like that's why people think motorcyclists are entitled douchenozzles.
Seriously, I don't get how "Oily ___" is supposed to sound in any way appealing. \#oilylife sounds like something Neutrogena would advertise a product line to *prevent.*
"Less than $200" doesn't seem like enough to cover MLM starting fees.
For real though, those sequelitis episodes are ***unwatchable*** nowadays. Arin, presumably regurgitating something he read on a forum once: "Games just drag the player by the nose and treat them like idiots these days and it sucks!" Arin playing Wind Waker, a game made for children: [Game tells him **where to go** with text highlights on the **relevant bits**] "Where the fuck am I supposed to go?! This game needs waypoints! It's Bad Game Design™!"
I *remember* it being good (if visually sparse, because PS2-era). No idea if that's just younger-me's lower standards though. I've actually still got the PC disc sitting around somewhere, I should try and get it running...
Well, guess I get to dust off [this ol' (poorly-aged) chestnut again.](https://i.imgur.com/poQxTe3.jpg) Like I know it's relatively minor in comparison to youtube "pranks," but that's a joke in the same way that a grade schooler desperate for attention pantsing themselves is a joke. The man needs some new material.
Yeah my job doesn't even need the pretense of a given reason. "Oh hey I'm taking Monday off." "Alright, see you Tuesday."
I have to admit I'm getting a *little* bit of Pat-esque glee from seeing people starting to get upset about it after thinking "this looks like it's going to fall the fuck apart" when it debuted.
I suspect by "wine and pizza" she's not talking about a glass of Chianti and a light Neapolitan here...
Yeah the promise of them becoming some grand artistic revolutionaries like that is really working against it. It's been doing totally fine as the small story of two girls with opposite backgrounds starting a band together thus far, even if they do become sensations by the end that bit of narration was really screwing with the tone.
I guess my account is "Spa Quality" huh? Not really sure what that means, is it just hotel quality but more plush?
One whose day job is being an idol. Both the massive money-maker genres, *oh no!*
A nature preserve?
[My new chair finally **arrived!**](#comfy) Gonna take a while to dial in all the little knobs right though.
They can run in laptops and a bunch of other stuff since the MPAA completely fucked BD's compatibility with their paranoid customer-punishing bullshit.
[Heartcatch](/s "Yeah, even with all the physical violence the girls really are out to help people at the end of the day. The Desertarians are the latest victim's personal problems amplified and made manifest, so that's why you get the leads more or less talking them through their issues between punches and side-B's. It's like a hybrid therapy session/MMA match.") [Precure](/s "They really go the extra mile to make the doohickies look like plastic. Honestly Heartcatch isn't even the biggest offender in that regard, I swear you can see the moulding seams on some of the later ones.") Say what you will, but they're definitely not guilty of false advertising. ^(Though I kinda wish they *were* a little less honest in that regard.)
A team of 250 working under you only turns 650 a month? Holy shit that's ridiculous, what an awful deal.
It's like the IRL version of "Dobby got a sock!" JFC. "Hey check it out I was able to buy something any independent working a real minimum-wage job could pretty comfortably afford thanks to my purple card! #blessed #bossbabe" How dire must their usual MLM revenue be for that to be a notable luxury?
Boarding schools are grade schools (K-12), rather than college.
Well pour some milk on that bran then.
I know the feeling, good luck. We all had to share a hotel room a few years back - the snorechestra decided to strike up a four-movement symphony. I didn't sleep much that night.
Definitely more on the escapism/cultural differences side IMO. From what I remember from high school, most of the kids were more "thirsty" than idyllic.
Yeah those fortwos aren't particularly efficient for their size, I can only assume "smart" was more about city maneuverability than economic viability (they're surprisingly pricy too).
I think the "no oil" thing might scare off the huns from the get-go.
Their "applause" sign was buggy is all.
Me as well, if you don't mind
The Star Wars game is being made by Respawn (the Titanfall people, they do good work and have been surprisingly resistant to getting EAed so far), which is promising. Though they're a bit of an odd pick since they're overwhelmingly a multiplayer dev. But TF|2's campaign was great and the movement mechanics are probably going to be golden.
I don't, I've mostly just run AMD, but it's probably somewhere in the monitor/display settings in the Nvidia Control Panel.
impulse 101
What jobs require you to not talk about salary? Like a rule prohibiting it while *at* work is understandable (if still kinda shady), but forbidding it while not at company functions is some first-amendment violating shit. ^(Though it usually is seen as kinda tacky)
Continuing the Final Fantasy train, Tactics Advanced got really existential in its plot compared to the other FFTs. The tone tended to fluctuate a decent bit in the previous movies, but IIRC Casino Royale went a lot more grounded and gritty compared to the previous 007 films, with a *massive* character arc for James himself as well. Poor guy gets sent through an emotional roller-coaster ride, and there's not a whole lot of humor to soften the blows. Not sure how much it'd qualify considering it was something of a return to form regarding the first film, but Shin Godzilla was somewhat divisive for being more a cautionary tale and socio-political commentary than the more well-known monster mash style (not that there's anything wrong with either). This one's a bit of a deep pull, but for the most part the Precure franchise is about as bubbly and cheerful as its brightly colored looks would indicate: It can get dramatic at times, but usually not heavily so. Then there's Heartcatch, which is 85% lighthearted 'helping the victim of the week with their personal issues' interspersed with occasional hard swerves into &gt;!a mascot taking a bullet for their partner followed by survivor's/failure's guilt, a middle-schooler having to act as surrogate mother to her mostly-ungrateful sister, a murderous villain explicitly out to kill the protagonists, a global apocalypse, a series-long grudge resolved via a legit duel to the death, sororicide, tragic death scenes getting slow-clapped, a character jumping on a magical grenade for their family and getting obliterated, on-screen fairy diarrhea, and so on.!&lt; Like I guess some grimness is to be expected when you get the Casshern Sins guy to do your artstyle, but it's like you elbowed the remote and changed channels sometimes.
"Most" people never do get sucked into them. It's like the Nigerian Prince scam: You don't need half the population to buy into it, just a steady trickle of absolute suckers. A 1:500 hit rate is plenty with scams.
[E04](/s "Yeah Kirara's probably the only one I can think of that got superpowers and wasn't super hyped about them immediately. That blunt refusal was really funny.") Is it weird that I'm pretty decent at remembering their normal names but constantly forget their hero ones? I'll see someone mention "Cure Flora" and think "wait, was that the grandma? No that was Flower... shit." Granted they do say their real names way more often.
I know they changed policy in 2018 around this time, but [it still forbids solicitation.](https://www.businessinsider.com/starbucks-policy-change-what-you-can-and-cant-do-2018-5) Unless they've made the rules even looser since last year.
Could just be age, bad design, shit materials, etc. A floor scale and bathtub displacement test are better measures for determining that.
* 1: The game's not finished yet and unpolished gameplay tends to look really bad * 2: Because they're more interested in lies than showing the truth about their MTX-laden mess of a marketing sham * 3: Because the Sony/Xbox reps are *right there* and they don't want to show the limitations of 8th gen's aged-as-hell hardware live on stream, plus indev's lack of optimization on top of compression artifacts. Take your pick I suppose
Yeah the "competition" hawking their wares **in my store** is definitely something I wouldn't let stand if I ran a shop.
Wow, not even costumes or SFX or the like, but *writing.*
They all use electromagnets, that's the whole basis of an electric motor. The permanents are just there to shape that field into a more efficient pattern.
Filing the initial travel plan and cost estimates for approval, plane tickets and prepping boarding passes, car rental agreement signatures, saving hotel receipts, filing for reimbursement and per-diem afterwards, etc. A small price to pay for a free trip, but there is *some* bureaucracy involved (when you don't work for a pyramid scheme outfit, anyways).
They'd have to be massive hypocrites if they took exception to someone cold-calling them claiming to have info about improving their lives, at any rate.
[](#shhbabe)
They said tea, not opium.
Hell it's starting to bug me even when he's ragging on things I *dislike* recently. Sorta like Woolie's "active vs inactive viewer" shit with GoT Season 8 despite also thinking it was a disaster.
It is *waaaay* too late for that. They're already Cinema Sins 2.0
This is true, but assets that looked good on a small 400x240 display aren't necessarily going to hold up well at 1920x1080 (well, let's be real: 1600x900) on a sizeable wall-mount.
Truly only the most astute of viewers would spend 5-10 minutes of a podcast talking about what a travesty someone leaving a coffee cup on set was. Dead horse beating aside, as much as I agree with the passive/inactive viewing styles thing it comes off as *really* up-your-own-ass coming from Woolie - resident master of surface-deep takes and borrowed opinions, and man who trusts what a character says about themselves over their actions and acts confused/indignant when that gets "contradicted" later. It comes off as disingenuous to say "both are equally valid" then try and claim you're the former when you're obviously the latter. (See also: practically everything said about Persona 4/5)
Oh damn, I misread that as "champ!" Huns aren't known for their salesmanship at the best of times, but outright calling people you want to buy your stuff chumps is *next level.*
I thought that agent was supposed to be Rx-only specifically because of that side-effect.
Yeah, with a pickup's ground clearance the only way it could conceivably compete with a 911 around a track is with a *fuckload* of dynamic aero.
Adjusting the low end to be more gradual is a good call, but it's generally a bad idea to significantly cap max acceleration in the event of an emergency.
My recommendation would be: Desktop computer for multiplatform releases, indies, etc, and general use. Biggest library by far, tons of options, backwards-compatible to the nines. Can take a little fiddling now and again though. (Plus Xbox exclusives nowadays/soon) Playstation for japanese singleplayer games (that don't make it to PC). Nintendo for portable games and local multiplayer.
It'd be a bit baffling if the PS5/XBox2 *didn't* have backwards-compatibility, honestly. I can hardly see them going back from x86-64 at this point, and both are using higher-level APIs than older generations' more to-the-metal programming (GNMX and slightly modified versions of DirectX 11/12, respectively) which will almost certainly continue into the 9th generation.
Fresh Precure 08: Unfortunately Japanese toy stores were too big of cowards to carry a brightly-colored NG tube playset, so I suppose wild goose chase scavenger hunt it is. Fresh 09: [I guess Blondie's been reading a certain bunnycat's handbook.](https://imgur.com/a/kAQGapH) [Fresh 09](/s "Wait, 'Management Kingdom?' Did that get brought up at some point and I just completely missed it? At any rate it's a pretty bold direction for them to skip the kiddie shit and go straight for the group of true villains that strike anxiety and fear into the heart of every living adult:") [Bureaucrats](#terror) ^(Also why are they bothering with this sadness-collection scheme in the first place? Just close some tabs, man.) I do feel pretty bad for Love here, [09](/s "promising to cover for Miki but not being able to pull it off despite her best efforts really sucks. She definitely bit off more than she could chew and Miki rightfully doesn't blame her for it, but that's still super frustrating.") [09](/s "I really am wondering what Kakyoin's deal is. He's always somewhere nearby, has been pretty cozy with the mascots so far, and now he's got a bunch of surprising skills too. I'm quite certain he's not in with the Labyrinthians, but his timing has been pretty impeccable.") /u/lilyvess /u/HelioA
The villain of Punch Line!, in a *really* weird way: [Punch Line!](/s "One of the trio's bodies are dying and the antagonist outright admits 'yeah I kinda fucked things up for everyone' and offers to swap into the bad one so the other two can live on. Then the protagonist interjects to insist 'oh HELL no, you're not getting out of your community service that easy! You're going to stay here and think about what you've done while I take the bullet, and you can't stop me!'") I can kinda see his point but... *wha?!*
I hope they ditch the mission format for Luigi's Mansion 3. I really liked the first entry, but getting interrupted every 10 minutes in 2 really killed the fun and atmosphere.
Somehow I never noticed that Ertegun's stage logo is literally just "pitbull" in a crazy font. Shots fired I guess.
It gets more dramatic/focused later, not sure if you'd consider that better or worse.
I am none of those things and I liked it, but I suppose if it's not your thing it's not your thing.
17,500 to be precise
Don't have one myself ^(yet, hopefully), from what I saw sitting in a display model the rear would be fine for 3 kids but tight for 3 adults, (specs say 54 inches shoulder room). I saw someone did manage to fit two rear-facing baby seats with an elementary schooler between them as a daily commuter. I'd say to schedule a test-drive and bring the family for a fit-check, but apparently TX has some weird dealership laws that prevent them from opening stores. Probably doable if you're near the state border though. Edit: Or the Model Y is supposed to come out next year, but since it seems to mostly be a taller 3 I don't know how much extra passenger space there'd be without the 3rd row.
Scanlators' passion and willingness to do unpaid translation and formatting work is matched only by their love of indulging in petty drama.
Cynthia for sure.
[](/s "And the mind of a narcissistic whackjob.")
Nah they just get a random chance of making an egg appear without visiting the daycare.
I love me a bowl of asbestos-free cereal in the morning.
Like the planning in Katana Zero, but for the whole game.
&gt; so it will probably leave a pretty big hole. Through the chest, knowing JoJo.
... I may have done that, yes.
For the most part it'd be whatever the default "bake" mode is unless specified otherwise (typically bottom-heat only). Though you'd probably have to adjust the cooking time with the fan on, since the circulation would increase the rate of heat transfer.
I want to imagine you're talking about a placebo, but my faint memories of that existential nightmare of a franchise suggest that's too optimistic.
It didn't? ^(Was it baseball?)
Dang, not even a fun spectator sport.
I'm picturing one of those later Iron Man suit transformation sequences with the panels all sliding around and locking into place. But for lips.
Most spam bots aren't complex enough to have hurtable feelings, so no. I'd throw in a line about filing an FCC report though, since in the States it's illegal to send marketing texts to a number on the Do Not Call list without permission.
Does Tony Stark getting into the Iron Man suit count as a transformation sequence? [Science boy **Stark-kun**](#schemingsaten "Just throw some up-tempo music over it and boom")
They should really get on that.
Doesn't he just yank his shirt off or dive into a phone booth? Tony's got the whole "super outfit assembling around you accompanied by closeups" thing going on. Just gotta make the semi-assembled parts glow.
Do they just think all the gymrats are pumping themselves with hormone suppressants or something? Ignorance can explain some dumbass beliefs, but that's "look out a window" levels of not holding up.
They look more like brightened-up Casshern characters to me, though I think they do share a character designer. (Moonlight's even rocking Lyuze's hairdo)
You can pretty much just search "best girl" and throw a dart at any of the later rounds, salt is half the point as far as I understand it.
Oughtta wrap one of the mirrors in orange to match his "ear."
What gets me is that it should be sadness on *their* part, but they're so batshit that they don't appear to have regular human emotions anymore. Trying to exploit the tragedy and bad circumstances of strangers is standard hun operating procedure at this point - it's callous as hell, but expected. But to do the same with the death of *their own sibling?!* ***EUAGH***
[Fresh](/s "The Fresh cover on TVDB is particularly bad considering she's wearing that red diamond thing of hers as a hairpiece. I mean I figured she'll join eventually after episode 7 but that's still pretty tacky.")
IIRC someone drew up a printable sticker for the key cards that explains the basic start/engage/stop procedure.
Probably more a matter of cheaping out on the MCU than the motor if the manf wanted to save a buck at the cost of power, but yeah in general those 50+ kWh lithium packs can throw a *shitload* of juice around no problem.
Right? I mean I can't imagine having to go through Herbalife gets you very good margins. Not to mention product quality, more appropriate pricing, customer experience, etc. It's so dumb, if you're going to go through all the motions to play entrepreneur anyways, just go all the way and actually *be* one!
Very much so, it's considered poisoning. (So the ninja comparison was more apt than intended)
Also it's a bit of a bad look, but if shit gets dire a lot of employers will let salaried employees take an advance on their paycheck.
At least she probably won't have to pay any taxes on it, if this is a windfall there's no way she's over the $12k annual standard deduction.
Same. There's still a *little* sympathy for them having been suckered, but when you're choosing to make more victims then you're the problem. Sometimes the cycle of abuse requires quarantine.
Worth noting regarding EVs: It's best to only consider ~85% of their max range as useable on a daily basis. Keeping the cells charged to 100% causes them a fairly significant amount of extra strain so it's best to only charge them to the 80-90% mark unless it's the night before a long road trip. One thing I'd mention about the Ioniq vs the Kona that might not be obvious is that the former cools its battery using the cabin air system vs the latter's dedicated liquid cooling. That would probably only make a notable performance difference if you're driving aggressively, but it might also limit charging speeds and slightly effect cell life.
Heck yeah!
Is Hollow Knight's frame rate limiter on? It's a pretty simple game computationally so your card could be ramping into the 600+ FPS range before it hits a bottleneck.
Cruising the scenic route on their way to Dashcon.
&gt; Does it ruin your experience? In a lot of cases, yeah basically. In something like Overwatch where it's just cosmetic it doesn't affect you if you aren't susceptible to the gambling virus, but if it's tied to progression or unlocks or anything else of importance then it's a *massive* drag on the whole experience. Their presence related to anything that isn't purely cosmetic has about a 95% chance of fucking up the game's ideal pace to push people to spend more money.
They ever fix the auto-wipers? I remember the California-spec rain detection system causing some hubbub amongst people in rainy climates a few months back on the tesla sub.
Kyousougiga's first episode is an *accomplishment* in establishing a story, it's enthralling in a way that's almost defiant of the three-episode rule. That wordless montage of the family growing together over the years gave me a lot of Up vibes. The direction really is one of those things that stands out in my mind, it's *very* strong and makes me kinda salty that Matsumoto hasn't gotten more work. (It also highlighted a lot of boring direction in subsequent anime that I've seen, unfortunately.) If you haven't seen them yet, there were also a bunch of ONAs that were released before the TV series: A series of short vignettes alongside the original "Episode 0." There's a lot of material that got re-used for the show proper, but some fun unique stuff too. ^(Also yeah Toei can do some surprisingly good work when they aren't just churning out episode three billion of a dragging manga adaptation.)
Sports games have gotten *really* bad about it lately, and I remember CoD got hit too. (And Battlefront 4 as well, before The Mouse got mad at them) Also practically the entire mobile-phone-game medium. ^(I also don't play many online multiplayer games, partly because I hate content-gating "progression" and the lootboxes just made an already frustrating practice much much worse.)
I liked the original rendition of the laundry song a lot, though a good chunk of that was due to the moment associated with its creation rather than something to perform on stage.
&gt; Ever wondered why the anime has half of the episode being basically a recap? There is your answer. I always figured the answer was "we need to stretch this shit out as long as possible because a 24m block is way too long for a single weekly chapter," but that's definitely why every print volume starts with a table summarizing all the key players in the arc and a briefing on what happened last volume.
I think the filler argument is somewhat reasonable, myself. It's not for the same reasons as Naruto and Bleach, and back when the filler arcs were extant the story structure made them pretty seamless (and some were even pretty good), but eventually it turned into "loaf of bread full of sawdust" type filler. At a point the series seems to have an active contempt for the viewer's time.
&gt; Also, getting citizenship next Friday. Congrats! ^(One. Of. Us! One. Of. Us!) Good luck with the Subway stuff.
"Best three out of five!"
[Rebellion](/s "Though now that I think about it, Homura might have given her a replacement. She might be a sister again.")
I think it was the use of "literal" that made it unclear. Being literal is the whole problem with the new translation.
If only more of those cases had them saying it in the same way as an IRL 15-year-old *insisting* they're an adult because they've got their learner's permit instead of totally straight-faced.
Yeah that'd be pretty cool. I just don't get the thought process of "we made this car to be tiny and economical, lets give it a lift add weight and raise the CoM."
They really ought to add an in-between mode. One for bad drivers (eco), one for good drivers (medium), and one for buzzing around (sport). That or get rid of the fake shifts in place of the paddles driving the rev target high-medium-low.
I guess you could put up sound-dampening foam behind a curtain on the club-facing wall.
Yeah it's *really* shady. From what I remember it's partly because female viewer is meant to self-insert into the weak one, which really only makes things worse. (The dynamic is called seme/uke, IIRC)
They do indeed. Way I understand it is there's a lot of "lay back and think of England" type outlooks over there to women's sexuality that tends to manifest a lot of that "getting banged without being a slattern" fantasy stuff. I'm not judging them for being into it, mind, but it's some real bad vibes material having lived in a less restrictive society. &gt; Just wish there was something more my speed. Tell me about it. Even with the straight stuff there's just so, **so** much rape. [Real boner-killer](#lifeishard)
It's more like Luna's got an Usagi, admittedly.
Wireless as in WiFi? The Gigabyte GC-WB867D-I is a really popular ~$33 model if you've got a PCIe slot avaliable.
Apparently they're decent for washing cars with. Not "final wax buffing" quality, but good for getting dirt off.
Playstation/Switch controllers or phone links perhaps. Not sure TBH, but it's on the card anyways.
Kinda depends on what you're looking for, Asus is well known but tend to run pretty spendy, TP-Link is affordable but some of the low-ends are a bit weird software-wise, ultimately it tends to come down to what the actual chip being used is which is pretty much always an Intel/Broadcom/Realtek. That $35 Gigabyte unit I mentioned is probably your best bet for a general-use card. There's also a TP link TL-WN881ND for $20, but I'd say the upgrade is worth it. USB dongles go cheap, but the range tends to be poor and in my experience they tend to run somewhere between OK-ish to abject crap. It's like the difference between an external and internal hard drive. (Plus it eats a USB port and you can't reposition them as easily.)
And from their own empty wallets the first month they don't meet the sales requirements.
They could have just made their own replacement. The cover rights for Fly Me To the Moon would not be expensive and it's a relatively simple production.
Probably Macklemore.
Plus the studios themselves not being able to get a cash reserve really hampers their ability to take risks on internally-inspired projects. The whole production side of the industry is just way too mercenary, and not even well-paid ones at that.
I liked it, sort of a petty crack in Steven's otherwise nonstop sympathy. (Also because it was hilarious)
Frankly slapping all that third-party shit along the bottom of the screen in the first place is *hugely* disrespectful of the author's original intent. It should be left untainted and allowed to stand on its own without dumbing it down into text for the plebs.
No way is she turning Starbucks money with those sales skills. *Optimistically* she can buy discount cans of Folgers and a monthly trip to Denny's.
For youtube stuff? Buy a used Performance model S, rig it with hideous green rims and several rear wings, and cover the front in stickers. "We bein Red Light King$!"
If it's got Bluetooth already you could probably save a lot of time and cash just getting a dashboard phone mount and a good quality car charger.
Eh, alarmist nonsense tends to backfire in the end. Dumb shit like this is easy material to play if you're trying to portray those warning against MLMs like Cutco as paranoid and crazy.
That's the kind of behavior that would get you an admonishment in *kindergarten.* How people can support these morons escapes me.
Honestly that's not even close to the most salacious thing to make it to the front page of r/anime
Trends come and trends go, regardless of what the current zeitgeist was those slots would still be taken up by derivative junk regardless. No sense getting bummed out over a constant of the medium, better to just focus on the gems that *do* exist.
It is, but the newcomers will most likely get tired of the same copy-pasted RPG mechanics and non-characters sooner or later and decide to branch out.
Who doesn't like working from their hospital bed?
Admittedly that whole mode *is* only available on the Performance models. It's all locked on in the lower trims if you were driving one of those.
Hollow Knight? Thousand Year Door? Kerbal Space Program? A Hat in Time?
That's just fewer people for the party to threaten to send to the gulag, comrade! Your lack of funds has freed you! ^^RIP
[checks AL PTW] Yurikuma, there.
Aim for the spot where your ring finger meets your thumb/palm. Just whacking into your hand won't do anything, you need to compress the air in that pocket.
Transitions are usually considered to be retroactive. Which understandably gets a bit confusing when talking about the past, but in this case it *would* most likely be his.
Huh. I agree with the conclusion in #3, but calling people intrusive for giving up a seat for someone they think is pregnant seems like an uncharacteristically bad take.
It's like trying to pour more water into a barrel with a hole in the bottom.
Would it even do that? I guess you can write off business losses, but for the most part you'd get taxed on your pay from your regular job, spend it on hunshit, and then get taxed on the scraps you received by selling it.
They kinda have to, what with the EU's impending ICE ban.
Motor seats and wine coolers are a pittance compared to the power drained by an EV drivetrain, it'd be like worrying that charging your phone would drive up your electric bill. The excess weight could be a concern though, but Rolls are expensive and landships anyway so that could probably be addressed by just stuffing even more batteries into the floor.
Yeah I can do without it too. I always clear my pockets when I get into the car so it's not saving me any trouble on that front, and I never have to worry about having a brain-fart and leaving the system on when I leave the car. It'd be handy if I carried a purse everywhere I suppose, but I don't so it's largely just more complexity and potential points of failure for no particular benefit. ^(Plus slamming the key in and giving it a twist is just kinda fun)
I don't even think Los Santos Customs offers anything this tasteless.
I like to imagine it was intentional on the part of whoever was doing the editing. "Bah, corporate wants us to censor the lesbians. Hey Terry, you think we could get away with just calling them cousins and keeping the flirting?" "Dude that'd be hilarious. You think they'd buy it?"
Would smaller rims even fit over the Perf brakes?
Good to know.
New's listed at around $33k. Sadly I don't think there's a decent paved track around my neck of the woods, but for the same price as a new GT model I figured the slightly nicer interior and better brakes in a pinch ^(plus the style points) might be worth a few hundred miles. For some reason I forgot that car loan rates were higher for used... Thanks for the info.
I feel like [Latest Attack on Titan Episode](/s "the characters continually mocking the protagonist for his dramatic title-drop") is an underappreciated concept.
For real. Lapis here at least has something going on with the wings, but the whole line is so samey that I can't for the life of me understand why people get massive collections of them. They're cheap, but you *definitely* get what you pay for ^(if you find them 50% off.)
It's not the *least* likely thing I suppose, but she's willingly done a **lot** of bad shit: More than would justify a redemption arc short of some major character focus, which strikes me as unlikely.
They already have them to some extent as part of the motor controllers to help with inrush current and ease stress on the batteries, but it'd take up a pretty massive amount of space to get a notable performance kick out of a cap bank. At 400v you're looking at 45 Farads per kWh, and a 1F capacitor is about the size of a 20oz water bottle.
Do you want to *play* games without paying much money? Or do you want to *buy* games cheap. [](#schemingsaten)
That and profit margin, may as well get some extra scratch from people willing to pay for it.
Dang, if looks could kill...
Because you can't even upload any without paying for the already-sketchy "service." If you're already having to shell money out every year for the privilege of using your $60 video game the least they could do is offer a decent amount of storage space for custom levels to keep it from looking like an utter rip-off.
It's amazing what a little confidence does.
I thought it was all doing a decent job setting her up as an arrogant ruler with lots of power but little idea of how to effectively use it, that would presumably all fall to shit once she hit some actual competition in Westeros and contribute to a well-executed descent into despotic villanary. ...and then the latter part got ***completely*** botched and when the piper came to collect the quality she took on credit she had nothing to pay with.
Depends on one's definition of "weird" I suppose. Mob Psycho 100, Inferno Cop, Baccano, Pop Team Epic, Death Parade (besides a little in Episode 6)...
14 definitely stuck with me as one of the more memorable VotW episodes. Also [15](/s "*holy shit* Itsuki! Save some badassery for the rest of the characters, please.")
I'm still hoping for Bones or Wit to somehow do Mistborn.
Because eyestrain and vomiting are much bigger handicaps than not having it cranked up all the way.
Right? The people who stay are just stubborn. It's a small number of doors so let's just break it down into individual cases: Doors B and C are false, A is true. Choose A: Winning move is not to switch Choose B: Winning move is to switch Choose C: Winning move is to switch In 2/3 cases, switching is the right move. Or in regular probability terms, your original guess has a 33% chance of being right thus the non-eliminated door has a 67% chance of being correct.
The real winner would be bringing in Shadow Peach from Project M.
So how's your war with the Cylons going then?
You'd think Leia, in all her supposed wisdom, would have selected a second-in-command that didn't have the approximate leadership skills of a coffee table. She was acting commander for less than a day, and already inspired a mutiny.
It was all a bid for promotion I guess. Surreptitiously create problem, solve problem, murder everyone who knew about the former, then rely on IA being bumblekings. Like Stadia but with criminals.
I didn't realise Secret Hitler's game mechanics were so historically accurate.
It's almost David Cage couldn't produce genuine emoshuns in the player through his own writing, so he decided to cheaply and cynically remind people of the Civil Rights movement and hope they mistook their feelings from that as being caused by the game.
I figure the [Anon] in question is just on vacation for Christmas/New Year's.
Fresh: A girl and her friends befriend a would-be invader, follow her home, and conquer the place. Hugtto: A bunch of kids learn about professional fulfillment, show that defeatism is stupid. Futari Wa: A nervous jock and a confident nerd fight to protect their world from mooks who got a bad deal, and their boss who gave it to them.
The joys of lacking texture/audio compression and poor cutscene video encoding.
Admittedly Malak *is* kind of a dumbfuck, but yeah KOTOR does go pretty cartoony.
It does work pretty well for a dark side run though. You get to style over this arrogant clown and retake your true place at the helm of your empire-to-be.
Prices can be real low when you don't have R&amp;D costs to amortize.
"British Motor Works" was my first thought ages back too.
&gt; "the fourth hokage, whatever Uzumaki, who did blah blah blah." His last name was Namikaze, Nalt took his mother's last name. Though the Uzumakis *were* a notable clan and close ally of the leaf village so it's extra dumb that the name never came up.
The nature of Robin's powers kind of screws her out of having good fights - either she instantly breaks the opponents' necks, or she can't and spends the fight as a support setting up her allies instead.
Made Xenoblade 2 a fairly refreshing take, with Team Deicide being the edgelord villains and the MC just wanting to find their deity and ask him for some help regarding an issue with the humans' living space. &gt;!And when they do meet up it's amicable and he gives a pretty reasonable explanation about how the Titan situation works, and they learn the party accidentally solved the problem in the elevator ride up.!&lt; They do end up fighting &gt;!the self-styled not-pope and an antichrist!&lt; though.
Exactly
IIRC there was a Covergirl line of makeup based on the Hunger Games franchise called the Capitol Collection. In the series the capitol residents are a bunch of vain gaudy assholes that horribly exploit the people of the 12 other territories.
Yeah she loosens up over time as she gets more comfortable with the crew and they start rubbing off on her.
Similarly, *Let It Go* being a quasi-villain song. Like it's a moment of catharsis for the character, but that dismissal of consequence and responsibility comes pretty close to putting the kingdom through an ice age.
It's a fighting game with really flexible mid-air combat and a small but dedicated fanbase. Not big enough to be an actual event at the big fighting game events, but there's always an impromptu side-tourney being held *somewhere* on the premises. Usually in out-of-they way places, like the convention center bathrooms, or the hotel's stairwell.
Halo's "Noob Combo" is iconic, and pretty much 100% mandatory for Legendary runs. Plasma pistol and UNSC Pistol (or DMR/Needle Rifle): The former to drop the enemy's shield with a semi-homing charge shot, and the latter to pop their now-unprotected dome in one.
Future Arc's a decent black comedy (the dub especially), the rest is pretty bad.
I'd add a decent chunk of the internal vampire politics in Season 2 as well. &gt;!The big betrayal starts and sides are chosen, then our heroes yoink the castle away and take Drac out.!&lt; It's like a more violent version of the ending of Monty Python and the Holy Grail.
&gt; she hates the instant and violent torque Could probably set her profile up on Chill mode
He definitely had some of his father in him. Just not the susceptibility to questionably-sensible villainy.
Minus the motiveless mass-murder, anyway.
The sniper rifle was better at *long* range, the problem is that properly long ranges were scarce so the pistol was de-facto better.
\#FuckChat
That's a bar worth tripping over, your *fists* can clean up on easy.
Same. "Ugh... wait was that a real post?"
The best part was how ***devastating*** it was against hunters. A duo of these 10-foot tall heavily armored giants roll up armed with grenade launchers and big metal shields. So you sidestep one's charge, pull out your sidearm, and drop it in *one shot* to the back. ***On Legendary.*** A dramatic miniboss encounter accompanied by a music change, casually trivialized.
It's *Threes* all over again.
It was literally fewer dollars-per-content than the base game (unless you're *way* into characters), that **never** happens with DLC!
The FOX blade is pretty good if you feel like going for a no-kill run. A light attack while sprinting past an enemy chops their leg off, causing them to warp out when you put some distance between you or wait long enough.
I'd love for the characters on the receiving end of their needless vagueposting to just meet them with a blank stare until they got off their metaphorical ass and gave the name.
Everyone thinks Guy is cool, he just has Big Number to go along with the rest of the top-tiers.
I always preferred the original Mario Strikers. The sequel felt a bit too gimmicky and the new Super Strikes were way lamer.
Girl Scouts probably learned *something* in the process of earning them rather than sliding further and further into the hole.
&gt; Using WASD is too unnatural. \- Man who insists that fighting game inputs are less of a barrier to entry than *the 1v1 format.*
The akimbo trenchcoat motherfucker in Yakuza 1/Kiwami. The rest of the game's pretty baller, but *boy* does that illustrate in excruciating detail how poorly the game's mechanics are set up to deal with ranged weapons.
Oh jeez, you weren't being sarcastic. Longer than it does to learn which button throws a grenade. How long does it take to learn and commit to muscle memory the game's entire movelist? Because that's what you get once you nail down WASD and whether the game uses Q or the number row to select weapons. Not to even get into how every function in non-fighting-games is a single discreet button press rather than a string with specific timing requirements. Push button -&gt; thing happen, unga bunga.
I'd put Paige in first place due to literally having had the "fuck room" pointed out to her, followed by Lucah in second. Plague would be third, since going to the convention orgy would require coming out from behind his fence.
"And then a headshot if possible, just to be sure."
It was after I saw an old woman with a cane tumbling into the endless void that I actually changed my playstyle up to always jump off the nearest ledge before shifting if the area in question isn't abandoned.
Which is even weirder in that the latter is attempting to be a late-20s-early-30s archetype.
Dude cane-sugar soda is the *best.* It tastes better and is way less easy to absentmindedly guzzle. I always make a point to stock up on the green-box Dr. Pepper cases whenever I travel near one of the few places that actually carry them in the States.
Huh, never would have pinned cheese as a pair with apple pie. I can kind of see it, especially if it's a soft sweet cheese, but it wouldn't have occured to me.
Can't have him picking up some decent characterization before the next game, I suppose.
Just make a goddamn detective game, Cage. It's like the *one thing* you're good at.
Not just rape***y.***
Like I can understand some of the confusion because just calling it "magic" is pretty indistinct, but yeah it wasn't anywhere on the scale of what people make it out to be. ^(And I suspect a lot of the people doing so pulled a Pat and just wiki'd it instead of watching the show.)
I'm a *little* surprised that the Precure series hasn't gotten more play here given the subs thing with punchgirls: It varies a bit by season, but their powers usually boil down to super strength plus some gimmicky finisher so the fights tend to be [pretty hands-on.](https://sakugabooru.com/data/118b3db6e8446662487f6bad01ded247.mp4) Heartcatch in particular had some [*hype shit*](https://streamable.com/2qzsj) ^(big spoilers) going, you never really appreciate how bogged down most action anime fights get until you watch one that keeps things fast-paced. And the format of each season being an entirely different show with a complete beginning, middle, and end keeps things from meandering or looping back on itself. Also props to the &gt;!Fresh!&lt; season for doing something really neat with its redemption arc: After finally getting out of the villain team (via a 1v1 fistfight in the rain with the protagonist, natch) Red's main conflict is all internal - the heroes consider her previous villainy water under the bridge and are just glad she's OK, but Red's response to them trying to welcome her to the team is "What? I can't be one of you, I'm awful, fuck off." And then there's a really sweet couple of episodes with the team and the MC's mom having to *draaag* her into starting to forgive herself (along with her old evil coworkers trying their own version of the "I know you're still in there somewhere!" routine, because their boss might have ordered her death but the fellow grunts liked her) and even after she relents she still struggles with her previous actions whenever she sees a reminder or a townsperson she tried to screw over. To the point of going off on her own on a suicide mission to destroy the Big Tube O'Evil she helped create.
&gt; Every arc they complain about it being weirdly slow and a step down, and then the climax happens and they lose their shit and declare it New Best Arc Ah so it's like the Zelda Cycle.
&gt; It's currently on hiatus Of fucking course it is. ^(God dammit, Cartoon Network) ^^you ^^shitters.
I hope they don't screw it up now that Ford's out of the picture. They were going to release the ND with the only option being a 1.5L NA until their stateside department said "the hell you are!" Mazda's been doing that thing where they exclusively think of the domestic market and totally ditched the old "zoom zoom" angle since they became entirely home operated. (Ditching the independant suspension on the 3, etc.)
Most of them were just minding their own business rather than working for the villains.
It's a Melty Blood stream, nobody that's watching would object.
Clearly the solution is to VPN into japanese servers until the *domestic* playerbase demands modern netcode.
Alpaca boy died for a tone-setter.
So says CERO, anyway.
It's true in the literal sense that they lack a sex entirely due to their biology, anyway. They're *definitely* thirsty as hell at points regardless.
&gt; and her talent feels like pandering It and the other stuff made the &gt;!'your gamer waifu isn't reaaaal!'!&lt; bit *really funny* though.
He's Larry Butz with less of an AOE luck debuff and more charisma.
I think it was supposed to, but it's ridiculously over-the-top to where it's practically impossible to be incensed by it.
Yep, the latter's even called the Quad Laser in-game, since it was an Adult Swim production. The Death Ray also appears to be based on Halo's Spartan Laser, and the Phaser on the Plasma Pistol.
Yeah but the Black Widow only does as much damage as the basic Mantis. It lacks the same "blow their head off" oomph of the original.
One for haha wahoo funsies, another for chill.
I mean that's most fictional misunderstood bad boys, to some extent.
There's always technic/tekkit, which basically turns everything into a big systems engineering project.
It definitely is, not for this one though. It's &gt;!the villain's scheme in Madoka!&lt;
It breaks down and coasts to somewhere unexpected but appropriate, and if you kick it enough it picks up speed again and crashes into the final station.
And they failed to do so by getting too greedy and alienating their customers. Businesses don't *have* to be run by scumbags to function. The old "money above all else" apologia doesn't really work when the company in question is filing for bankruptcy.
Oh come now, everyone knows interns aren't people.
And putting their name on the deed.
And then &gt;!Vector goes back for Charmy, brings him back to HQ in an item bubble, and he breaks out after an infected survivor who snuck in turns and makes the situation even worse.!&lt; It's bad decisions all the way down. Vector did hold that L pretty well though.
That one was an edit, but things are getting surprisingly close. Shit's dire.
Especially when the main story has moments that would *obviously* fit the unlocks way way better.
&gt; He admits that he didn't know TMS had actual content cut beyond skimpy outfits being made less skimpy Weren't some of those cuts brought up in the email that set him off in the first place? Guess he didn't read past the first sentence.
Turns out sponsorships/publisher involvement has some perks after all. Edit: Especially when you can't put entry fees toward the prize pot.
This sub falls on the relatively cynical side, especially with Woolie and Pat's views on redemption. So a disappointing amount of people here kind of ignore the series' themes and internal logic in favor of "nah just kill them tho."
I'd say the differences between the domestic release and the altered international version is relatively unambiguous as far as external red pens go. The original version was already finished and out the door before the international version got mucked with. It's like saying that the brownie-points kiss scene from Star Wars 9 getting taken out was done by the people making the movie.
Reminds me of the dumbasses on the SU sub that took Bismuth's debut episode as presenting a moral conundrum (and subsequently advocating for the losing side 'cause racism or some shit) rather than showing how self-destructive extremism and fighting for revenge is. ^(It's a bummer, that sub used to be a cool, positive place before the extremist whackjobs took over.)
Nintendo's own occasional tournaments run 4 v All time matches, they don't give *any* fucks about the pro scene outside the occasional balance patch.
Good to hear the sub's been getting better about it lately then.
^***Ping!***
I mean it is, but not because Ferrari is still a household name. That's more down to the rising cost of living, rising cost of healthcare, and continuing wage stagnation in the face of increased worker productivity.
Pretty much. The results of that improved productivity is still going somewhere; just to investors and execs.
Amazon's market value is more about its distribution network, web infrastructure, and marketplace popularity than its margins. Which I'd say is semi-comparable to most of Tesla's market draw being battery tech/manufacture, partial-self-driving software and hardware, and selling carbon credits over just making cars. Toyota uses their stuff for their PHEV systems, they got a bunch of cash from FCA because they can't get their efficiency up to standards, they're installing a ton of mains utility systems in Australia, that sort of thing.
I guess the question then is if a truly "day one" patch counts as being "at launch" or not. Because it's there as soon as you buy the game, it just takes a smidge of waiting if you bought it physical. The regular customer never plays the version that the reviewers had.
The Chevette was *probably* intentional to try and bring some of the Corvette image to a compact that got *thrashed* by imports. Whether that makes it better or worse is up to taste.
Well that's fucking stupid. Who doesn't want big games to push sales of your next-gen platform?
So basically combat Beat Saber.
... eh, not really. But it's getting close.
&gt; Make sure it looks good I thought it was supposed to be a Hummer? Just keep with the "big box on wheels" design, it'll leave tons of room for batteries.
That's kind of the point, the Big SUV/Pickup market trends *way* more expensive than the midsize sedan segment. A large mallcrawler coming out at the same price as a car seems improbable without massive compromises. I'd like to be wrong, but the 50-60k price point seems dubious.
The APCs are at least free surplus, maintenance costs aside. The militarization's not great but at least the money isn't being pulled out of child protection program funding.
Swords are essentially the melee equivalent of full-size pistols. Nowhere near as good in a fight and usually carried by commanders, people less likely to see combat on a daily basis like guards, or as a fallback where a proper longarm won't do. But you can do a lot more flashy shit with them on the silver screen.
Sooorta? Like it didn't undo the themes: What happened is pretty evidently shown as being a mistake and the person who did it looks exhausted and miserable, it was more a character piece and infuriatingly un-followed-up-on sequel hook.
It probably never factored in because IIRC that whole fight was anime-original. In the manga she got her ass beat off-panel while more prevalent characters were having a conversation.
IIRC you could stunlock the shit out of him with the taser. Zap, switch to real gun/throw some explosive barrels, repeat. They definitely were a step down from the rest of the game though.
That trenchcoat motherfucker is the biggest asshole in the series.
The best solution is to play it with that emulator build that gives it mouse support. It holds up really well with better controls and solid performance. (And save states for the easily-botchable objectives on Perfect difficulty)
It's like the opposite of the perfect drink recipes in Danger 5.
The same thing as regular Raptors, odds are. Because for most people truck buying is less about what they *will* do and more about what they *could* do.
They probably screwed with the odometer too, the louts. &gt; Oh yes, this Equinox was owned by an old lady who only took it out for groceries.
Having done it a bunch before, it kinda sucks now. Like back when the flags were made of cotton I'm sure it was all great, but burning Nylon is pretty unpleasant. And having to shovel the remains out of the fire pits as a big plastic lump seems kind of undignified.
5' 2.5" even, how is she so short?
I am all on board for the new meta of baseball cyberwarfare.
Or Kabuto being given an orphanage to run?
Hey man, the old 4kids team have to put bread on the table somehow.
Hence the 55MPH federal limits during the oil crisis.
And for their other crimes people weren't reporting them because they assumed it was all some manner of street performance.
Well that was a rollercoaster of an epilogue. Super happy reunion and the adventures continuing! No wait it was a dream, but we're doing a satisfying ending bit with the primary characters still making huge strides to live out their goals! Upp, Fuwa just got her powers back so we're doing the cheerful reunion anyway! What a pleasant way to end the series. ^(And they didn't go for the hard bookends either, which is nice.)
Disagree on the former (George was easily one of the more interesting antagonists - thematically and as a character), definitely agree on the latter though. "I'm leaving forever to go on tour, have fun taking care of the kid!" Typical rockstar :\
Perhaps they could use the Oujou's private jet more than once. It was a fun episode in Hugtto, a whole series more in line with that would be neat.
Ah, the Star Wars method.
Ah, the Star Wars method.
The boy now appreciates the heart-shaped box.
It's absolutely crazy, you'd think it'd make for great econ class material. In-game player economies are nuts too, my brother played the TF2/CSGO item market for a while and it was like turbo day trading.
"I thought it was to steady my hand"
Yeah, I was making a joke about them slamming an enormous gob of TIM onto the processor like it was HowToBasic's egg gag.
Yeah the power level list has been well-established as Subreddit &lt; Paige &lt; Trained Professional.
Especially download copies. Clearly the risk of the game shitting it up is worth making sure they don't run out of *file copies* before I can buy it.
&gt; just casually mentions how she's sold herself to be a nobleman's mistress so she can afford some fucking healthcare The series is set in 2030s USA?
Flicking pennies at people does more damage than dumping an entire MA37 mag.
E7's more surfing, really.
[Conscious thought is too slow in a fight.](https://www.smbc-comics.com/comics/1546358139-20190101.png)
Right? I don't imagine a T-rex would hold up very well to machine gun fire, to say nothing of cannons, artillery, or a 1950s cargo plane packed full of guns. Like a swarm of velociraptors *might* be semifunctional in an urban environment, but probably not worth the enormous costs (and the same could be done with pre-existing dogs much easier).
I love that one of the first things that happens to Subaru is getting mugged in an alley because he's confused and alone in an unfamiliar country.
He also tries to white knight in front of a bunch of actual knights and gets his ass beat. Physically, followed by verbally. Subaru's kind of a shit who the universe lets gets away with *nothing.*
The outbreak happened in the backyard of a state viral research lab, so yeah they've probably got a decent handle on how it works by now.
Does that mean it came without ESC, or the people making the video bypassed the system?
Probably Mew.
How did you make all the airboat jumps on foot?
I'd argue the solution would simply be to make a slightly smaller margin on those regions: Safety tech doesn't cost *nothing,* but it's nowhere near the couple grand they charge to option it in.
&gt; za strappu Jury says yes
That and it's generally just less peaky, so less transmission micromanagement needed if it's a manual. And if you're doing something that needs that horsepower regularly like towing you aren't wringing the engine out 24/7 and worsening your mileage with a bunch of extra pumping loss.
Sarazanmai is an odd departure from his usual in how it kinda blatantly spells out what it's saying a lot of the time.
I still have no idea what they were going for. I mean even with the dimmest, most patronizing view of children what kid's going to be confused by "rice ball?" *Rice+ball is not a difficult concept.*
A preteen Chibiusa wound up having a romance of sorts with a pegasus/alicorn in the fourth season. (He was originally a dude that got transformed.)
A big spender with crazy donation messages, IIRC.
Can't forget &gt;!Pearl convincing Connie into being a zealous human shield whose only value in life comes from what she does for all-important Steven, because that's how she always saw herself in regards to Rose!!&lt;
It's not even particularly realistic blood, the USMC troops bleed cherry kool-aid.
That and missing Erhatz from the original writer trio, who (among other things) replaced the original earthbender master idea with Toph and shot down the idea of having a love triangle.
Tone-deaf, exploitative, *and* likely illegal! It's a hun hat trick!
[It was 501id5Nak3.](https://old.reddit.com/r/TwoBestFriendsPlay/comments/gr5aws/proof_speed_racer_is_a_sociopath/)
[I'll let Yogurt explain.](https://youtu.be/oNZove4OTtI)
There were only two seasons though.
And they have the gall to bitch and moan when ad blocking continues to grow in popularity. Don't forget the ads that were just straight-up malware.
Not *that* easily, but more to the point you should see how much shit you can stuff into a large guitar case - let alone a drum set.
Zorro got lost so hard that his directions somehow broke space and accidentally led the crew around an impassable ambush.
Fabrique Nationale F(abrique) N(ationale) C(arbine).
She's a living pie that exists to get smashed into the other characters' faces. The cast's "ah fuck, not this bitch (again)" responses were varied enough to keep it from going full "deliberately annoying is still annoying" IMO. IIRC there were technical reasons why she was in the original trilogy so much too, they ran out of GBA cartridge space and had to re-use her sprites in lieu of a different character a few times.
She drops like a sack of bricks too!
Did Netflix add a descriptive audio track when it released there in the States? Because that's basically what those are.
Memory serving it's usually a validation/cost issue when that sort of thing happens. Any time you want to push a patch to a console release you have to get the go-ahead from whatever company owns the platform, which is a bit of a process, whereas Steam doesn't give an iota of fucks. So games with frequent, small updates tend to not maintain version parity.
After Sony/ND's crazy false-DMCA bonanza, this is some delicious irony.
So are a lot of idols, certainly doesn't stop those weird fans. Welcome to Japanese internet! Shit's kinda fucked.
Every time a company gets slapped with a fine for pulling some bullshit it just reminds me of [Austin Powers.](https://youtu.be/EJR1H5tf5wE) Like at *least* make the penalty more than the profit their misdeeds wrought, otherwise it's just a business expense.
God, the living doll case. It *starts* with the sale of sex dolls/live-in maids modeled off regular people without their knowledge, and that's not even the fucked up part.
Caveat emptor as an economic policy is some fucking bullshit.
None of y'all have posted Fesh Pince and it [needs to be rectified.](https://youtu.be/1xb7fUmdiLo)
Our heroes are doing fucking *chip,* that dude was just ridiculous.
Halo 1 in the MCC ***still*** has the plasma pistol audio bug from the original PC version. Was that really so impossible to fix?
It's used a lot in smoke grenades, which is fine, but yeah dumping it on or in an area near civilians gets the Hague to start prepping the courtrooms. The use of incendiaries against strictly military equipment and personnel isn't forbidden by any current treaties, but the US at least has internal policies that basically state if it's used in such a manner that causes "unnecessary suffering" (conventional options were viable or it wasn't *very* necessary strategically) then the people responsible get court-martialed. The COD killstreak wouldn't catch the international court's eyes, but whoever called it in (and potentially the mortar team/gunship that dropped it) are probably spending some time behind bars for using WP where a regular ol' bomb would have worked.
I mean sometimes they don't work right from the factory or break and you've gotta go aftermarket.
[Laughs](https://youtu.be/dpq9M21P658) in [sensible controller typing systems.](https://youtu.be/QCBAuXnvZE4)
A lot of the time .50 rifles are used for "deactivating" IEDs/UXO from a safe distance, or for stopping vehicles. Probably handy if the enemy is taking cover behind a particularly sturdy object, too.
Good to see HorsePornDotCom re-upped their sponsorship in the move from SBFC to CSB.
He browbeat them into putting reforms in place, functionally surrendering their authority, and put them to work undoing the damage they caused (including repairing the gems that only their powers could fix). Their world is objectively a better place for their efforts at atonement, save for the out-of-universe murderboners apparently. And why are you acting like Steven was an uninvolved outsider when not only did he inheret all the unfinished work his *very* involved mother left him, but the diamonds tried to destroy his home planet *multiple times?*
Honestly card packs are kind of sketchy too IMO, but I'd say the functioning aftermarket where players can simply *buy* the cards they want at fair market price without having to do some convoluted workaround bullshit is a major factor.
Never expected games enthusiasts and the "gotta crack down on evul gaems to protect da chillunz" crowd to join hands over something, but lootbox horseshittery is a worthy mutual enemy.
They were also on relatively good terms and didn't really need a field trip to prove his worth - Toph was friends of sorts with Iroh, and he talked Zuko up to her.
They were both willing to give him a chance, but he *did* try to capture/kill them several times prior.
That's pretty much what it feels like in sim.
They also do a *lot* of original IP compared to most studios. Seems like getting commissioned for a full season of something would be a little outside their wheelhouse, they've only done two before.
Overengineering parts does tend to make them heavier.
The basics series is also a pretty useful guide, and I took some of his advice on equipment when it came time to outfit my kitchen.
As someone who only played Golden, she's mostly just kind of there. Doesn't add a whole lot outside an extra dungeon with a neat gimmick and an extra social link, but doesn't really do anything annoying either.
Sounds like all it needs is a fresh install of Windows and maybe an SSD. I mean my old ~2008 laptop was nothing special and it could get about 20fps on Human Revolution, which was a whole generation newer. Unless Atlus fucks up the port anyway.
Depends on how much of an ass the people who designed the laptop were. Given it's a 2009 model odds are there's a hatch on the bottom that'll let you reach the drive by taking out one or two screws - look for "HDD," a little picture of a disk with a wedge taken out, etc. Then it's just a matter of unscrewing and pulling out the old hard drive, then doing it in reverse order with the SSD and installing windows. There's a free program that tells you what your windows licence key is, so save that on a thumbdrive/write it down somewhere ahead of time to make it much easier to get Windows activated. As for which drive to get, I'd say [something like this one.](https://pcpartpicker.com/product/6yKcCJ/samsung-860-evo-500gb-25-solid-state-drive-mz-76e500bam) Or at the very least make sure it's a 2.5 inch SATA model - no "m2" or "NVME." Edit: Also they sell hard drive enclosures for like $8 that'll let you keep your old drive around as a USB portable, in case you want to keep your old files accessible.
I think a lot of devs don't realize that stealth is a puzzle subgenre, and a puzzle with only four pieces that tases you if your timing is *slightly* off and gives little useable information is a shitty one.
[And the prequel.](https://pbs.twimg.com/media/EaEIybXXQAA8fkM?format=jpg)
Might need to dump some stabilizer in the tank at that rate.
Mostly because none of those would let him prove the ghosts of Titan that he was right.
Basically the Activision thing matches you up against killers until you do a minibuy, after which it pairs you against scrubs for a while before going back to killers.
Maybe the "one Kalashnikov per child" platform was a big hit at the polls that year.
I feel like "adaptation" isn't the right word for a work wearing the skin of a completely unrelated story. Fucking hell Disney, you had something that was *proven to be successful* and decided "nah screw the stuff that made it popular, just take the title of this *dead franchise* for name recognition." Seriously, the only people who recognise the IP these days are old enough to see that it blatantly looks like garbage.
True. Still, the iron's pretty cold on that and it's still going to run into problems with those kids knowing that the movie was nothing like what they wanted.
Part V gets a lot more arc-heavy than IV, though the latter edges out the former a little as my favorite.
It doesn't really matter much where you start since seasons and films tend to be pretty self-contained. The TV anime series got revived recently at Part IV which is a really solid entry point and my personal recommendation: Parts IV and V are **very** good. Otherwise starting at Part I is ok if you don't mind *aggressive* oldness and a lack of overarching plot. Miyazaki got his start with the Castle of Cagilostro movie and that's another good entry point. Also u/Deadpool27
Muscles handle more intuitively than directional string inputs.
https://youtu.be/1vcILuIvYI4
Hey now, these people put in months of hard work and dedication to perfect their craft and bring unique perspective to the world. They're nothing like game journalists.
I totally agree on that in every moral and reasonable sense, but publishers are 100% going to try and double dip on the same exact product if there's a weakness in their contract they can exploit.
All they had to do was widen the other side a little to match. I don't understand. *Especially* since they seem to want people to position it standing up, where it's much more of a visual problem.
Like a 4-wheel version of a 50cc moped? That seems like a bad law.
Must have looked like a clown car act to people in the parking lots.
Any game that ties time/logic to rendered framerate (with the singular exception of fighting games). Delta-t logic was figured out in the goddamn *eighties,* fucking stop making it so your games freak out if you try and make them play smoothly/hit slowmo if the hardware struggles! It's just a shit practice yet some devs still do it. Looking forward to a bunch of PS4 games still being stuck at 30 on PS5 because if they crank it up the player character runs at double speed and clips through walls.
Yeah throwing a higher refresh rate at the problem pretty much fixes the issue. Hell even on my old 60Hz display tearing was only a significant issue of the game in question was capped at 60 so the tear was in the same place every frame.
Didn't Urobuchi do a VN kind of like that too?
That made them more succeptible or something, but the main part was &gt;!Junko playing the mind control video over the monitors.!&lt;
&gt;!Could they have been good people if given the chance? "Of course they could, they never wanted to be monsters in the first place!" Makoto took a big risk and defied orders because he believed they could change? "What risk? Of course they'd go back to normal if you undo the mind control." It's like they purposely chose the least satisfying and interesting way to go about things for no reason whatsoever. Hell it actively contradicts what was revealed in the game proper and flies in the face of all the times it hinted at what Junko used to manipulate them.!&lt; What a godawful retcon.
At that point it's more a political issue. If cheap-as-fuck robots could handle all the menial labor of the world then with the right social policies you could totally have a massive portion of the population be unemployed, but then there wouldn't be the big social stratification and Jerb Theft protests shown in DBH so safe to say those laws hadn't been passed.
I beg to differ, Gravity Rush 2's change to 30 from Remaster's 60 made the once-handy gyroscopic camera control completely unusable due to the added lag for instance. Edit: Or how Mario Sunshine's platforming is substantially more predictable and reliable with the 60Hz hack running.
Or how aping hollywood is supposedly the best way for an interactive media like games to reach their potential.
Sort of a widely distributed transfer record that can be added to but not otherwise modified.
I assume that it tanks a car's value and because a ton of people do a shitty job of it. You can at the very least expect that the guys in the factory didn't cut really important corners that will prevent the valves from getting munched or what have you.
Not enough to upload something worthwhile instead.
What bugged me more was Midoriya's obsession with him. Bakugo's bit makes some sense since the ground-floor measuring stick he used to prop his ego up just got on his level, but greenboy's like an abused spouse who somehow still cares about this asshole despite having *actual friends* to interact with now.
It's an eCVT, which basically has nothing in common with a regular CVT besides arbitrary revs in = arbitrary revs out. Pretty typical of hybrids. Think of it as the engine being connected to a differential: On one side is a planetary gearset that connects mechanically to the driveshaft, and on the other side is a small motor/generator. Then there's another bigger motor/generator hooked to the driveshaft that uses the power generated from the smaller one and/or stored in the battery.
You just have to flare the other side and top out a bit to make it symmetrical.
From what I can tell the CHF4000 is a Chief Elite-series mount with a custom plate and ceiling anchor. I'll have to compare costs between the branded kit and getting the equivalent parts myself.
The wild thing is that Madoka and co are the same age as Usagi's crew, if not slightly older.
&gt; Question tho, how do I feed the video signal to the projecter then, from avr to projecter? Modern AVRs will have a set of HDMI inputs and one (or two) HDMI output(s): Fire stick into an input, connect output to projector. Bang-for-your-buck wise in terms of non-subwoofer speakers, the Pioneer 22 series (BS22 and C22) are known for punching way above their ~$50 per unit price tag. Unless something changed in the last few years.
Can't have a femme fatale thread without the [often-imitated, never replicated,](https://vignette.wikia.nocookie.net/lupin/images/2/22/FujikoMinePart4.png) [Fujiko Mine.](https://fanart.tv/fanart/tv/257875/tvposter/lupin-iii---the-woman-called-fujiko-mine-5cdfc63ab8038.jpg)
She looks like her head is too small for her hair. Not the subtlest wig job I guess.
I'm glad there's a name for it now, it's why I never bothered with the Elusive Target system in post-revival Hitman.
***ROUND! ONE!!***
*Morally Grey
"There are no shadows without a source of light" after all. Darkness-induced apathy is *super* real, and a very easy way to make people not give a shit what happens to your characters.
For whatever reason, anime adaptations are **loathe** to actually *adapt* at the most annoying times. Probably because cutting to now-needless narration lowers the animation workload.
Also a quick stab to the neck would have been arguably less cruel than some of the non-fatal ways of dealing with the targets.
I think my father wound up buying a bunch of those AlumiConn purple joiners, since it was usually a matter of opening a fixture and finding the mixed-metal bullshittery there rather than something more invasive.
It's also pretty much predestined for Zora royalty to fall for and not get their corresponding Link. Mipha probably got it the worst, having basically proposed before dying.
Better oversensitive than glorified switches, but yeah worth making sure the electrical panel is ship-shape.
&gt; The only nannies that I don't want is those that take over my steering wheel. Those would most likely reduce my attention span. Apparently that's only a common sentiment among people who don't have a lane-centering system. Consensus among owners seems to be that it substantially *improves* situational awareness and attentiveness because you don't have to be constantly locking eyes on the lines (freeing you up to monitor traffic out the other windows more often and for longer than a glance) and are spared the slow fatigue of maintaining lane position on long car trips.
Nah like they can still fly around and spectate the world when they're "dead" and presumably get logged out fine when the global win conditions are met. Loading Screen Limbo is more like a shitty "afterlife" than being a ghost.
They've already been doing it really heavily on Reddit and Twitter shortly pre-release. &gt; Because this sets a pretty terrifying precedence if companies can just do this whenever they want. Sure fucking does! And idiots wonder why people get in such a tizzy every time companies try and expand IP enforcement powers.
It's a joke. Entities known as "shadows" are a key part of the game's story, so by disabling "shadows" via a graphics menu the game is promptly resolved.
I think you might be mixing up the inadviseably-named-but-still-fairly-cogent "harmful aspects of gender roles and expectations pressed onto men by society" Toxic Masculinity with the Twitter-Resetera-faux-activist-bigotry-shield version.
"Why do guys start giving me uneasy sideeyes whenever I start talking about the patriarchy and toxic masculinity? I don't get why they would think I have something against them."
Sounds very Princess Tutu.
For people who bought physical, I assume.
I think the former can psychically talk to non-humanized sea life while the latter has "sulphur vision."
And maybe go a *little* too far on the "give my kid the childhood I wanted at his age" thing.
11-12 are 11-12, then 1-9 become 13-21 on New Game+.
Other people already covered the emergency equipment, so for quality of life recommendations I'd strongly suggest getting a windshield sunshade and an automotive trash can to clip onto the back of the passenger seat - it helps a *lot* in terms of keeping wrappers and other junk from building up in cupholders and storage spaces. Also a dash cam (even a cheap one) will more than pay for itself if you're ever in an accident.
Seems like 20x128mm goes for about $4 a pop, so that'd come out to legion needing a fire rate around 8,300 rounds per second (or an even 500,000rpm). It's probably not that expensive ammo wise, though maintainance probably isn't cheap.
Just gonna re-repress that memory. ^(Fuck whoever posted that randomly on a meme page all those years ago)
BNA?
I mean it's fun to cruise around in, but most of the time with it is just spent sniping enemy turrets with the main gun and *maybe* jumping over a rocket or two.
Tough to beat Bowjou-sama. V is pretty great though.
Yeah the EPA tests at 60-75 highway IIRC, which isn't a *terrible* metric but realistically people are probably spending most of their time at 80-85.
In that the story cuts to credits at what feels like the end of the second act.
Gankutsuo is so fucking strong.
Isn't the main difference between ND1 and ND2 a tune-up anyway?
MGS' famous three-track crossfade for alert/searching/clear is famous for a reason. Also Mario Sunshine adding in a bongo beat whenever you were on a Yoshi was fun.
The anime also has the Alabasta royal guard captains take a fatal power-boosting drug to try and take out Crocodile. &gt;!Too bad they explained this out loud, causing Croc to just run the clock out and watch them collapse pointlessly.!&lt;
Unless he uses the Shame Badge.
I guess I'll just go with my current 5e character "Leuchte." She's a bedressed Dragonborn Lawful Good Bard with a solid blue color scheme, who mostly spends her time blasting mono-elemental magic at enemies and giving encouraging speeches to the rest of the party for inspiration dice (and occasionally whomping foes with an unusually high STR). Skills in Acrobatics, Athletics, Performance, Persuasion, took "Talk to Animals" as a starting spell. Backstory has her working with a bunch of fellow masked mages in her youth to resist a cult that was terrorizing their hometown, eventually going their separate ways after taking down the cult's deity. A dozen sessions in and the other nerds in my group still haven't caught on that I just rolled up a Magical Girl.
They managed to drag out every question super long except for the basic arithmetic one, which they blasted through without reading. It was glorious. Chat still chants Pickle Stone! pretty often all the way past Chapter 2.
Well, that's on-brand if nothing else.
It's probably the usual comic multiverse-crisscross bonanza. People remember her exploding an orphanage or something in one universe so it doesn't gel when a different character with the exact same name, a very similar personality and design, etc gets treated lightly.
The funniest revelation about Halo to me will always be that MC's name **really is John.**
The man's primary social interactions besides Paige seem to be with Twitter and Twitch Chat. Small wonder he's been tripling down on the hot-take drama lately.
&gt;!Until he just hands his abductee a loaded gun anyway.!&lt;
