Well, the taste depends on where the bees are getting the pollen. People put the hives near stuff of a certain kind e.g. heather, to get a certain taste. The best for me is just to get it from individual beekeepers selling from their houses. Doesn't mean the hives are in their gardens- in fact, usually not unless they have a massive garden. Then you get them from market stalls or farmshop-type retailers. So by going to a farmers' market I think you did right. Usually they will have the name of the beekeeper on it. Of shop brands, Rowse is quite good. I think Seggiano is a good Italian brand, if I remember right. For me, honey is something where you just trust your taste buds. So if you find a company or a beekeeper you like, you buy their stuff...
I had a friend who is a beekeeper. He lives in London (we've lost touch since I moved out of London). Even at mate's rates, he was charging me £2.50 for honey over 15 years ago.....
Yeah- I guess that a lot of this info is simply known to British people because 'it's always like that.' Those are things that will be less obvious to people who immigrate or are foreign residents. A lot of healthy people must first have extensive contact with the NHS in the course of taking older relatives, especially parents to the doctor's and the hospital. By the tine it's one's own turn, one is well used to the system.....
The coffin dodger might have been giving you a back-handed compliment. You will be the sort of young person, after all, that they choose to entrust with something- I mean a task or a chore- knowing you are trustworthy. Obviously it WAS the right thing to do, but in terms of the bigger picture, there are more important right and wrong things.... Speaking as a coffin dodger-in-waiting, I'd say that we do often offer throwaway lines in shops in the queue or even browsing the shelves. As you get older, you cease to give a shit about what you say really, and you just utter any old guff, as you can see from my posts and comments and those of the other oldies in this sub, like /u/HPB .
OP- I just had another thought. A British clerk or official reading something translated into English may respond differently from a foreign (non-English-language) official reading the same thing. In this situation, a British person would say 'Ah! It's just a mistake or a bad translation, I know what they mean' whereas a person reading English as a foreign language might be worried what this REALLY meant.
You are likely to seem young to me, and I still think of myself as a generation below "coffin dodger" - I am in my late 50s.
Any time from now will do! The mum-in-law is well organised and all hers have gone. Mrs tmstms has written half of hers but not yet posted them. I am crap and have written none other than the ones Mrs tmstms has put under my nose to sign / write garbage in. Back in the day, when I gave a shit about these things, I sent them all on Dec 15. Also back in the day, my parents knew too many people, so they had a rule- initiate NO cards. When one comes, write one and send it as a reply. So their time of sending was 100% determined by when a card arrived.
Mods just respond to reports. There is no way one earth they would have time to read threads proactively. If a comment is unreported, the chances are mods won't even see it. As far as I understand your comment, you implied that people who think public breast-feeding is OK should go on a register - and I can only imagine that means a register of sexual offenders, as it can't be an electoral or classroom register. Looking through the thread quickly, this appears to be more insulting than the comments made to you.
We don't allow politics in this sub, so please edit the bad B word out!
1 Hard question to answer, because people tend to know the good ones- but look at Sheffield, Leeds, Newcastle for example. 2 Any where you like the city/ nearby countryside really. 3 People are fine with them. 4 Yes. 5 Cambridge, Oxford, Imperial College London. 6 dunno 7 they are rubbish 8 Yes. Anything you fail to find out from answers here, you can PM me.
It will usually be quite quick, because the commonest thing that happens is the cleaner finds it at the end of the train's "shift." However, there is absolutely no rule.
Steady on!!
It's EVERYONE else.
Cough up.
1) Big pressure to get academic education and a professional job like lawyer or something. 2) The cricket thing everyone is talking about. A lot of 1st generation immigrants from the sub-continent (or asians thrown out by Idi Amin from E Africa) worked very hard to give their children a more middle-class life, so big pressure to study and not go out doing sport.
In my experience they are just as much into football as spectators or fans, just not want the children to do it as a career. Plenty of substantial clubs have Asian or British-Asian owners e.g. Hull City, Fuham. When I lived in London, the local Indian restauranteur (actually of Pakistani origin) was from Blackburn and a big Rovers fan. He had a signed shirt framed up on the wall. He was an easy target for banter....
Where are you from in the North?
London has an exceptionally high number of foreign people working in the catering industry, especially anywhere you are likely to go. Plenty of them are hipsters in the sense of the culture or education they have. But we don't think of them exactly as working-class. Most of those people are 'passing through' in a life stage, so to speak, but in London, a very high % of them are not British.
Yes, just go into ANY optician- walk in only if it's easy for you (since there is no guarantee you can be seen shortly), otherwise ring up and explain. They will know what to do. This happened to me once, and the (random, not my own) optician had a look in my eye and then sent me (with a letter) to an eye hospital to be checked out.
OP- I can't find that comment now, but for me, the key to this thread was when you said a) you never shop for fun and b) your clothes shopping is reasonably straightforward. Apart from food shopping (94% of groceries shopping is still done in person), physical shops 'still' exist to make shopping a nice experience for people. Those bigger shops that do well are going into 'experience' type shopping e.g. having a hairdresser, nail bar, coffee bar, restaurant etc there. Then there is a whole set of stuff that is traditionally thought 'women's stuff' - clothes, cosmetics, accessories, shoes- where the whole thing is like a ritual or a hobby. Mrs tmstms (and loads of other women I've known) will angst about whether to buy this or that, go and look at stuff several times. I'm quite blokeish- actually, I do like shopping, but if I like something, I buy it quickly. So in that sense, the High Street is ALSO (and was initially) under threat from shopping centres/malls,call them what you want- I know I am not good for the High Street- I go where it's easy to park, and congested town centres also turn me off! I think a lot of people still value the community and 'market' aspect of a High Street, and that is very difficult to reconcile with all the logistical problems- the parking, the roads, the high rents etc. that are making life hard for businesses. I mean, you are really young, but older people who are less mobile find it easier to go into town than to an out-of-town place, and they value the sense of actually an area where they see other people. When today's young people are old, it's interesting to imagine how they will socialise. Or will online and video-conferencing be so much the norm by then no-one will give a stuff? In many cases, if you have a really nice High Street with at least some good individual shops (i.e. not chains) it generates enough critical mass to work e.g. Kirkby Lonsdale, Pateley Bridge. But the bog-standard High Street is in big trouble and it is hard to see how to revive it. An analogy is department stores- Harrods and Fortnum and Mason are great and special, really good fun to go round, so they will do well still. But it's tough to be a bog-standard one like Debenhams or House of Fraser..... &amp;#x200B; &amp;#x200B;
Fear of lorries, who cannot go in the outside lane at all.
No Empire for you!!
Yes! As I've said elsewhere in the thread, nPower seem prone to these really silly mistakes! When the mum-in-law moved house, it took a year to straighten things out, and subsequently, every time we tried to get the bill on time, they sent one very late and a second one straight after.....
More worldwide fans = more TV money = bigger budgets for our clubs = more top players playing here. If foreigners like our League, I say that's OK. Playing actual season games abarod is a no-no for me though- how could it be fair when home and away matters?
Well, one could argue that she thought she'd better do this kind of thing quick, before 9 p.m. or whenever.....
Postman; window cleaner; dustman whose face we recognise = tin of biscuits each.
......then lock him up and throw away the key.
I know that in almost every cop drama and even in cop films, someone in the team becomes the personal target of a bad guy, and of course this is in itself implausible. But that's another thing that damages credibility.
1) In terms of value INCLUDING the voucher- yes, it's good value. Because of the tax rate, the only wine you can buy for less than £4 a bottle normally is absolutely rank. 2) I would not personally buy ANY of the wines in that case, but I'm fussy..... 3) The 'angel' price given for those wines is vaguely fair AFAIK. 4) In terms of using them more than once- personally I like to have more choice than they give me...
You are probably best asking in the local subreddits, which will be Bath and Bristol, I guess.
&gt; Cod Beck Bloody hell! I've never been there. We live at the other end-ish of Yorkshire, in Cas, but we visit Northallerton a fair bit, and funnily enough I occasionally went to East Harlsey for work meetings. Actually, last time we were driving back from Newcastle, we had a meal at Roots farm shop. Round my way, we met a man in the vet's who runs a GSD rescue. He joked that people accused him of racism because he only rescued white GSDs.
Chinese (Mandarin).
A big fat lie!
Send him off, ref!
We have historical and cultural links with Rangers' Glasogw and Scottish rivals, Celtic. We have a lot of shared values with the Celtic-verse. One event often alluded to is that we played a memorial match against Celtic immediately after Hillsborough. The Celtic-Rangers rivalry crystallises a lot of Scottish and Irish stuff with political and religious connotations. It's more important up there than our rivalry with Man U, if you can believe that. So as we are friends with Celtic, we are iffy about Rangers. Google something like "Liverpool Celtic connection" and there are loads of links- also google "Celtic rangers rivalry" or something like that.
You're 16? RELAX. Enjoy being young while you can. In order to learn all this life stuff, the best thing, IMHO, is to talk to people who care about you- parents, other relatives, friends, especially older friends. So you only have a problem if you have limited real-life human interactions, for any reason. Concentrating on your education is actually a good start- it gives you more opportunities.
Good point.
I looked it up- they have decided to move some of the iconic stuff to Salford, and there are now two Blue Peter gardens. Today's forecast was the gimmicky 'Carols with Carol' no doubt inspired by Len's Lens etc.
West Yorkshire. 1) Unbelievably polite and considerate (mind you, I had twenty+ years of driving daily in London)- people let you go first at junctions, they stop way down the road if there is a place where two cars cannot pass. I drive the same way- let everyone out etc etc. 2) However, people routinely go through the red after the lights have changed. Compared to London, it's the opposite - because people leave the lights slowly up here- it's in practice safe to go through after they have changed to red. In London everyone rushes out as soon as the green comes on, so people in the opposite orientation stop promptly on the red or they would be hit!
Everyone gets post on Saturdays, but unless you pay (on Friday when you send it) for delivery that includes Saturday, you cannot guarantee that the thing will arrive the next day. I agree 100% with the informed answer you got. But it makes perfect sense- since forever, the Royal Mail has worked a shorter day on Saturdays; back in the day there were TWO deliveries on weekdays, for example.
Mwahahaha! It's the rarely seen "troll's gold."
People tend to shower in the mornings and bathe in the evenings, since baths take more time. But there is NO rule, plus people know not to bathe on a full stomach.
Ah, OK. I grew up with it and I find it subjectively true- but maybe it's just the power of suggestion!
If you have visitor spaces communally, do you therefore pay a service charge to a management company or the owner of the land? Who's administering your freehold and do you have any contact with anyone e.g. who maintains the common parts of the properties?
Hmmm. That was going to be my comment also!
Nah, just prophets and shit saying some Messiah bloke was gonna be born some time in the next century.
Me neither, but that can't be exactly right because lions + tigers, or sheep + goats, can have offspring.
Compared to London, EVERYWHERE will be quick to get to. Unless you were living in Zone 1, the convenience of travelling round N Yorks and the NE will startle you.
Was? I hope he'll be back, so I do.
Yes, loads. It's wall to wall from Naga in the morning to Lucy V doing the weather at the end of the 10 p.m. news.... EDIT: Muslim or Pakistani origins? Yeah- Kamal Ahmed, Samira Ahmed, Faisal Islam, Riz Lateef, Mishal Husain (Mrs tmstms' favourite, originally from an Indian family, that moved to the new Pakistan because of Partition), not to mention the iconic Rageh Omaaaar (though he is not Asian!) just for starters. Tons of actors too. EDIT2: here are some more thanks to wikipedia: Zainab Badawi, Konnie Huq (aaagh!), Nina Hossain, Hanif Kureishi- and both lists are just people whose stuff I have at some time followed personally. Yeah, if you add in those of Hindu, Sikh and Singhalese background, never mind other parts of Asia, it's simply Desitastic every day. And don't get me started on sport- Adil-Moeen....Mo Farah (again, Like Rageh, a Somali, so not Asian, but legit a Muslim).
My parents banned comics. On the last day of term in primary school, we were allowed to bring them in. It was the only time I ever read them. They were incomprehensible to me.
I dunno. When rugby league was rebranded down here (Northern England) a lot of the teams were given animal names. Bradford Bulls- Leeds Rhinos- Warrington Wolves etc. Wakefield Trinity became Wildcats. But that name has quietly been dropped, not sure why.
We have a winner!
No. You may have been on a particularly good deal though before. I WAS quoted an estimated rise of about 7% when I changed deal (but not supplier) a few months ago, but that was mainly because I had had free leccy on Sundays so I'd been freeloading. Even £118 a month is pretty high though, though my £40 or so for a 4 bed house is, I know, Scrooge-like.
I'm past that stage. I get Christmas cards every year, correctly addressed to me, but I have no idea who they are from. I mean they sign their names and stuff, but I don't know who they are.
I've encountered you on a number of posts you have made, generating interesting discussions. As others have said, it can be hard to know whether your posts are starting hares or are the product of genuine intellectual curiosity and political engagement. This question of national + or versus cultural identity and 'the distinctiveness of the celtic' is, I think, really interesting. I was going to write you a serious answer, but sadly, some of your comments in this post suggest you are actually trolling, and I don't feel like writing something serious to you when you're actually stooping to foul and abusive language. tl;dr I feel you are actually trolling.
Rochester is nice.
OK, but the reason is London. Those two airports and Gatwick are London airports. Because London is so built up, you can't get airports close, apart from Heathrow, which was there already, City, which is tiny, and Northolt, which is military.
Sigh!
*ranston
Well, there are two reasons for advertising local produce 1) as you say, in any area which is well-known for food production. Yorkshire has a specific organisation to do it- Deliciously Yorkshire. 2) In any area with local/ regional pride and feeling, local people want to buy local stuff. I live in Yorkshire, and when things are in season e.g. raspberries / strawberries / potatoes - I may well prefer to buy only Yorkshire stuff - conversely, when I am travelling I like to buy the local veg and so on, meat if I am close enough to get it home safely in terms of it not warming up. So for Yorkshire it's win-win- market Yorkshire food as a brand to everyone in the UK,and market the origin to loyal Yorkshire locals...
Don't call it soccer! That will cause more offence than anything you say about the Queen. As for Belfast- you know that Northern Ireland has a range of political opinions, right?
M4- A34- M40- A43 -A1
Never find out. Your life is better NOT knowing.
No- you can moan about ANY weather. If it is not raining, it is bad for the garden or for farmers, or if it is not "shitty" it can be too hot (it was too hot this summer). if it is changing a lot (which is often) within the same day, it is bad that 'the weather cannot make up its mind.' My neighbours went on holiday when it was very dry this year and were unable to water their lawn. Their daughter came by, but the dad had switched off the water, so she couldn't. The grass did not grow back in the autumn, and he told me: 'I'm disgusted with it!' As if the grass was insulting him personally. Similarly, although I don't really travel by bus, the bus can always be either too early or too late. If it is on time: 'Gosh! I am surprised! What are they thinking?' I think small towns are great, especially traditional ones, but then I am older, so I do not need nightlife, plus as I drive, small towns mean less traffic and ease of reaching either big towns or countryside, depending on what I need.
I don't think this is Klopp's way. He seems to see signings as part of a long-term masterplan. If someone comes in January, I think it will have been planned some time ago.
Because our history is so long, we may not learn anything about WW2 at all. I did not learn anything than 1900 at school. True, if we learn about WW2 we learn less about the Pacific theatre. When I was growing up (I am old) the most I learned about that theatre was from actual persons who had been in SE Asia e.g. Burma, Singapore, during the war.
Ha! So it's a different cut? I was watching bits of it and it seemed different.
One does, the other doesn't. Which way round it is depends on your point of view.
Sorry, wrong sub. This is a strictly non-politics sub.
user reports: 1: No wax crayons used you bastards
She wore gloves so as not to have to press his flesh.
It's so nasty a job it's well paid.
We tend not to talk to strangers anyway, so you'll feel at home!! Hereford has a great Cider Museum. My favourite cider is Black Fox.
If you ask my personal opinion, I actually don't think we are that political a nation. I think that somewhere like this sub, which is full of politically engaged people, is not representative of everyday life, where people are most interested in jobs and their families. For instance, other than with family, no-one has actually mentioned Brexit to me since the referendum, except in passing e.g. various people were irritated their events were cancellled or moved because the premises were needed at short-ish notice for the EP elections. Assuming you are a long-termer in this sub, we'll be able to see this play out over time. If, by fallout, you mean the destruction of the Conservative Party, and maybe of the two-party system, yes, I can see that might happen, and maybe that's not a bad thing- most other countries manage fine with more parties having a slice of the cake.
No, I think the other way too. I think most British people are not very political EITHER way. I think if we leave, remainers will 'roll over.' I think the current situation exists because both sides think they can achieve a no-compromise result.
I googled 'dog friendly hotels' and got some helpful websites. Also you can google 'kennel club' + 'dog friendly hotel'
Sorry, no politics in this sub means no politics, and that includes no political jokes and no images or names of politicians.
Sadly, I dunno how many Corgis remain. Queen decided not to have any new ones because she did not want them to have to suffer her death i.e. life without her. IIRC the existing deceased corgis are buried in Balmoral and she visits their graves when she is there.
well...the full version is 'current or recent politicians.' Breaking this rule in a comment risks a one day ban and posting a political image or something risks a three day ban. Or longer at discretion. The reason this sub is so successful is that we all get on, and strictly banning politics is essential for that.
Almost certainly not. For example, Larry, although he is a civil servant, can't be posted here. Basically, the rule exists not because we don't like cute stuff, and indeed, not because we don't laugh at political jokes, but because it's too easy for a political reference or picture to spark a nasty argument.
Actually, I've been to the dark side, but I couldn't therefore see anything. So I'm envious you've been to the light side.
Do not massage the ego of /u/HPB. If he gets any more big-headed no amount of surgery will free it from the pan!
Yeah, 10-11 rounds of voting would have made them look even more crap!
We went to City Plumbing (Travis Perkins) (fitter told us to)- it offered us a variety of ranges so we could see if the designer ones were worth it. 15k per bathroom is quite expensive, but not excessive.... I'm rushing out now, will amplify my answer later today.
Oh, I see what you mean. You were asking for specific detail in your answer (which I don't have!) In my way of thinking, if someone has any sort of prosthesis at all, then they should be allowed to wear whatever footwear they wish, including odd shoes if necessary. From my analogous experience of people with disabilities, footwear is a big issue, in terms of simply getting the shoe on the foot.
Susannah Reid loves to do this.......
I've heard the same about the monopoly, but obviously if you want to pay more you can get posh shutters made in other countries. We looked at several shutter companies and yeah, all the cheap ones were the same.
If you post the tariff terms (standing charge, cost per unit, exit terms, length of tariff etc) I, and I am sure others, will comment. But I think asking us to look those things up for you and then judge is probably a bit of stretch. Also tell us how much you use and stuff like that.
Your link has it listed for auction. Properties sold by auction are usually those that will only sell with difficulty in other ways.
Well....it's still a stretch for me. 1) The potato problem was caused by unusual climatic conditions. If that kind of variation becomes more usual, the problem will be growing potatoes in the UK, it won't be whether we have 'potato security.' As you can see from the article, 2017 was a good year, and 2019 probably has gone far enough already to be a good year. 2) Even if Scotland became independent, the idea that somehow it would have power over the English by refusing to sell us potatoes is a bit bonkers. Actually, if you wanted a political angle on this, I'd say it was about climate change. One reason potatoes grow so well in the UK is that their growing patterns suit our climate. They have time to crop before it gets hot, and time to do a second crop before the frosts come. So that makes them incredibly efficient crops by the standards of UK agriculture. If you go to a garden centre, in mid-summer they start to push the 'Grow your potatoes for Christmas!' rubbish. If the recent erratic weather becomes a norm, potatoes are not going to be so efficient a crop for us to grow, in the medium-long term. We'll be growing something else, rather than worrying about whether Scotland becomes independent. IIRC Ireland's problem in the potato famine was precisely that the agriculture was not diversified.
Yeah, it's really safe. Busy with tons of tourists, though.
The Daily Mash !!
It's a surprisingly common mistake for the driver to make. But, as my longer comment says, a complaint will help the bus company establish that it is (or is not) an isolated incident with respect to this driver.
It's because public feeling in favour of Diana was so strong at the time (I dunno how old you are and whether you remember that) that it was thought better in terms of public opinion for her not to [use the title]. Don't forget that Charles and Camilla were continuing their affair after he married Diana; it's not as if they got together after Diana had died. Princess of WHALES though, there's an idea.....
It is no longer clear-cut because so many young people DO go to Uni. AND of course uni requires paying tuition fees and getting a student loan (although repayment depends on earning substantially once you start work).
A few years ago, a philosopher often on TV and radio called Julian Baggini looked at a lot of social indicators to find what was at that time the most typical and average town in Britain. It turned out to be Rotherham, and he went to live there for a year and write a book about it. It is called *Welcome to Everytown* A lot of it is actually about traditional working-class culture, but obviously it also talks about social change. I do remember it described visits to carveries, and this did influence my decision to move to Yorkshire- the idea that carvery was the No. 1 meal out. The trouble with 'typical' is that the UK is so much (IMHO) a collection of localities, a sort of 'villages+' that it's hard to think of ONE typical place. Even within a town or city, there are very distinct areas that can be as small as a few streets. Old Reading is probably not atypical- but New Reading contains what was at the time the biggest private housing estate in Europe (around Earley) and is now full of commuters and people who work in the tech triangle W of London. Liverpool is maybe typical of a certain kind of cit that grew because of the Industrial Revolution, but its port heritage already makes it one of only a few places. Also, as others are saying it has very strong local identity - witness the parade on June 2, although obviously people travelled to Liverpool for it also. As you go round the UK- you will find many many other places with strong local identities, but Liverpool is one of the large places with the strongest .... As others are saying London is much more typical of a world city than it is of the UK. Dig down, and you will find micro-communities in London that typify every aspect of British life, but put them all together, and nowhere else is like it. I'll give you an example- in London, when I met her, Mrs tmstms lived (as a poor tenant) in a street where all the houses cost a million pounds or more and are inhabited by very typical older British suburbanites. Behind this street, there were allotments. When we went to the allotment veg show one year, the man that invited us (who won his classes!) was an old-fashioned working-class Irish man. A couple of streets away, there was a long drag like a high street, where literally every business was run by someone from a different country of origin. The borough had had successive waves of immigration- Irish, Indian via East Africa, and then Eastern European and Middle Eastern. So traditional (of all kinds) and new (of all kinds) cultures intermingled, pretty harmoniously. However, this is kind of an urban extreme for Britain. After all, London also has tons of foreigners in it studying or working on fixed-term contracts e.g. sent here by multinationals/ banks etc/ studying English or at uni.
I'd be surprised, but if they wanted to, I'd be fine with it, likewise Scotland. As your other answer says, Wales has been much more closely linked to England for longer, so it's quite hard to imagine politically, but yes, its cultural identity is very strong.
What are you talking about? I guess you must be young. We had British (technically, Imperial) tons before we had metric tonnes. Any older person will ALWAYS just use 'tons' and when it is used as a colloquialism e.g. 'You spout tons of crap' it is ALWAYS 'tons' and not 'tonnes.' You never see 'tonnes' in British Engish except in a technical or mensural context. The fact you think 'ton' is American and not British is really disappointing.
It's because OP is wrong. 'Ton' is always used in British English unless it is specifically something about the measurement.
Yeah- what people are saying is that the One Day Travelcard is a fixed price, but the 'daily cap' on the contactless (or Oyster, before there was contactless, and I think Oyster still exists) is the same or a lower figure. Because a commuter like you usually has to travel in the morning peak, season tickets (whether for the Underground or normal train travel) are always cheaper than buying day by day. If you do not commute 5 days a week, or indeed commute on an irregular basis, yes, then you have to do some sums, but for someone like you, the season ticket is a no-brainer.
As others are saying, no-one really believes these sites are independent and all one can do is read the text of reviews and see if they ring true at all....
I found this interesting and I don't even want to move the socket....
Avast, me hearties!!
Niche.
OK, so Laura K has tweeted it will INDEED be by 6, so props to you, OP.
Mrs tmstms certainly used to lock me out in the old days. I'd go to sleep on the doorstep, but usually managed to snore loudly enough that it woke her up, so she'd come out and drag me back in.....
No politics in this sub!!!
I use a cat. When the cat becomes hungry, which is always very early in the morning, it will wake you up. If you do not get up, it will claw your head. Works without fail for me.
No politics!!!
You spell it HAwOrth, FFS!!
Oh! By the way, do you like curry? Bradford regularly wins the "best UK curry" competition- no doubt from having a very prominent community of Pakistani origin (I mention that origin because we have a number of different Indian sub-continent cuisines, including Nepali, South Indian, Sri Lankan and (most generic) Bangladeshi, but the sort of Kashmiri/ Punjabi food that is traditional for Bradford cuisine is especially to Western tastes also.) Bradford as a council area includes the very pretty moorland at the Western side (that includes the so-called Bronte country), but apart from that the main sights within Bradford itself are architectural - the Cathedral, Little Germany, Saltaire (one of the industrial villages intended to give workers a good life, like New Lanark)- Halifax's Piece Hall (piece =pieces of cloth) is another interesting place nearby. As I said in my other comment, as a tourist, you HAVE to make York No. 1. The Dales are absolutely great as a car trip or if you have time to walk/ hike e.g. it doesn't take long to walk up Pen-y-Ghent. Malham Tarn/Gordale Scar is in another amazing place. If you want history- Ripon Cathedral +Fountains Abbey is a great trip out.
I am not qualified to recommend. Aagrah and Akbar are two multi-branch businesses with good reputations through the region, but ask the people you are working with or do some research to see where to eat. I believe the general standard is high. Because of the geography of the area, though we live only 35 mins from Bradford, we already have Leeds between us and Bradford, so we tend to drive round the outside and not go into Bradford itself. We have eaten many times at or from other Aagrahs, but the original one is near Saltaire.
Foxes are the most likely.
TFL site says get a 210 bus to Brent Cross station. Total journey time about 40 mins including the connections.
Yes, this is a fundamental cultural and probably generational difference. As we know, tech change has happened far far faster than legal change, and I think the law is still incompletely equipped to strike the right balance in these kinds of areas. But there's no doubt- a lot of the things which 'modern me' finds alien about TM are the same things that 'traditional me' likes about her.....
Another bloody Balliol love-in.
Towcester.
I caught the Q and A of the end of one of Jonathan Sumption's Reith Lectures, and he said he thought (as I believe also, not as articulately) that our experience of WW2 versus more or less everyone else's on mainland Europe, was a fundamental difference which was an influence in leading to Brexit. WW2 did NOT destroy our fundamental political structures in the way that it did in almost every other European country, either through Hitler's victories or his defeat. We paid a big price, but, essentially because we were an island, we survived intact. That colours how we think, and it certainly colours the thinking of the generation that was children born immediately post-war. Even when I was born, every single adult around me had lived through the war. And rationing went on into the 50s (not least to give more food to distressed Europe). As a child, without even knowing why, I read obsessively about WW1 and WW2- the local branch library had as much on them each as on the rest of all history combined. My much older sister was born in 1944 and she was an RAF fangirl. You can't underestimate how great an influence it was, but, exactly as Sumption says, the fact we were not as a country ever knocked flat also fed the 'romantic exceptionalism' many of us still have.
I recommend a life-threatening sport like rock climbing. Do something where you could easily fuck up and lose your life. Bingo! Suddenly just being alive feels good! EDIT: It worked for me, anyway.
or indeed Tibet.
They won the second leg though, alas! I'm not sure about 1066. For sure we gave Ole Gunnar's men a good kicking, but did we then lose to the Normans, or can we say that the rightful heir to the throne defeated some Godwinson usurpers?
Breaking: he is NOT supporting it. EDIT: Sorry, broke long ago.
I would, but Mrs tmstms forbids it as being faux-demotic. Likewise if I say 'Mate' and she will tell me 'He's NOT your mate'.... Sigh!!
Excellent! That's so nicely put, in the technical definition of the word 'nice.'
Yes, 100% agree. After all, on top of everything else, Stewart represents a place full of sheep farms, and his book *The Marches* (which is great) shows how steeped he is in this kind of landscape. For me, the EU is in large part actually a protectionist organisation, a response to globalisation more than a manifestation of it. Since our conversation started I read the Ashcroft article. It's brilliant, of course. But it makes me sad. At heart I am deeply One Nation (with no party affiliation). Also, I am, as you know, older, so I greatly appreciate traditionalism while having personally benefited from "modernism".... Increasing division upsets me- though despite all the noise going on, I am by no means convinced the UK has changed very much in these three years, or that national tensions are anything like as bad as is made out. I believe most people DO just want to get on with their lives.
Stewart would indeed win a lot of votes from people who think Corbyn is too far Left or simply incompetent.
The chance of being caught is small. And even if you are caught and can show you've ordered the bulb, the chances are you'll be let off.
How much did the petrol cost? (You're *that guy* right?) Yeah- I've done that journey a lot, and it all depends what you can see out of the window.... I mean, I live in a bit of a crap town in Yorkshire, but my street is nice because the houses were built individually. If you go through a few streets of railway or mining cottages, or some 60s high-rise, then it looks crap; if you see a nice civic park, it looks nice!
It's good to find that, roughly speaking, there is consistency between users and non-users of a media outlet.
How? What would you suggest we do? What can we do to China?
As others are saying, it's about age verification only. This results from the NSPCC lobbying Cameron. The government felt it must be seen to be doing something, but precisely the sorts of by-passing you describe have delayed implementation several times. The measure has cross-party support. I understand the reddit demographic is very exercised by it, but most people support the idea that children should not have unrestricted access to porn. The *average* age of voters is mid to late 40s - so most voters are parents or grandparents, or of an age to be so.
I think that this was not an apocalyptic vote in the way that the immediate reddit reaction suggests, and that is also why there were 43 abstentions. I am persuaded by the idea that Corbyn wanted to lay down a marker against No Deal. Before we know how the new PM is wanting to play things, I think it's too early to say how things will go. Parliament only took control last time at the very last minute when it was feared TM might go No Deal, and for the moment I think we will again go near to or right up to the wire before there is anything really dramatic. Certainly today feels very phoney-war, still.
It's entirely about what traditional taste is. We overwhelmingly eat fish and chips and other cod and haddock-based dishes, and we have to import almost all of that. After that, we import prawns and tuna the most. We export a lot of herring and mackerel, hake because the Spanish like to it eat, and also shellfish like scallops and langoustines. If people changed their taste and stopped eating fish and chips and white fish, yes, we could much more eat what we catch. In the short term under No Deal there WOULD be an abundance of fish, but the prices would fall and it might drive fishermen out of business before things stabilised.
Here is the BBC report, but it's not really a topic for this sub, being not UK and not Casual. https://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-middle-east-48619771
This is brilliant. I just saw the thread and thought: 'At least they chose something that cannot be made into a silly name' but no such luck for them. Unbelievable there ARE five of them.
I just was listening to "PM at 5 PM"on Radio 4. Gillian Keegan (a backer of Stewart) was asked about this, and she thought it was simply that the candidates (apart from Stewart) were saying what they thought the party members wanted to hear.
This is being discussed a lot. I heard this very point kicking off the Radio 5 Live show at 10 as I was driving in. The idea is that because the eventual winner will become PM automatically, scrutiny of their potential policies is a good look for winning over the country as a whole to support the government. It is also the case that recent evidence is that an unelected PM does not fare so well when an election comes, as there is some resentment.
That quadrant of London is not served by the tube really. The A2 and A20 are especially bad.
a) see if there is a local sub. b) Google Streetview + screenshot?
Leeds. It's one of my local ones, but basically a lot of post-industrial revolution town halls are fantastic civic architecture. Many Continental ones are older- even mediaeval. I am sure we have some nice old ones too. I'll edit if I think of some.
Probably that's all it is- other Anglosphere countries have more space. From there- lots of knock-on effects e.g. land is more expensive, hence the point made by another commenter that developers try and cram as many houses as possible onto a given space.
Euro 2008 qualifying. (Match in 2006). Steve McClaren is the England manager. Against Croatia, the goalkeeper, Paul Robinson, somehow misses a back pass, and instead of kicking it out, it goes under his foot and into the net. McClaren takes notes. *What did he write???* Did he write *Tell goalie to kick ball, not thin air.* ?
We have cats, admittedly five. If we totted up the cost of the damage they've caused, it would be in thousands of pounds. Including entire chairs and sofas written off.
Sorry, racism is banned in this sub.
Sorry, our no politics rule applies also to allusion.
Oh, sorry! Well, I find it sad. This is basically the PM that May wanted to be. But she came into office in exactly that paradoxical way. Because of having to do Brexit, she has had no opportunity to do any of the social justice things. But had it not been for Brexit, she would have been too old-fashioned ever to have become PM- the Blair-Cameron modernising direction of the centre of British politics would have rolled on.
No. No-one thinks that.
It's similar, but with zips and Gore-tex. https://www.amazon.co.uk/Craghoppers-Kiwi-Mens-Gore-Tex-Jacket/dp/B00GWL5AIS But all shell clothing follows the same pattern....
Japanese knotweed.
It's even tastier than that. It would ALSO be Balliol v Balliol.
Found Boris' dad's reddit account.
Said it before, and I'll say it again. The man is a grumpy sod and appears unchanged since age 20. Alas, Boris is unchanged too.
IMHO, nobody did themselves any favours. Boris inarticulate. No breakthrough for Rory. The other three very anonymous. Incredibly disappointing altogether, both in terms of the quality of our next PM, and as TV drama. C4 show was better.
I think he IS a plastic Leaver. BTW I was totally underwhelmed by both the candidates and the show this evening. The C4 one was far better TV and showed everyone in a better light, especially wor Rory.
Yeah. Mrs tmstms predicted the format would kill it.
I think the voting record is misleading. He just always votes the party line.
Yes, but the problem is that the relevant documents are often in the hands of third parties who have no incentive to help. It will very very rarely be the big documents, just some tiny thing without which the contract is not watertight.
user reports: 1: When are you making this cunt a mod?
Don't try to solve this one with rational thinking. We are talking unicorn technology. It is very likely that Boris will sell everyone out. I would say he will go back on his word, but as he intentionally says many contradictory things, it is hard to pin down which he will deliberately, as opposed to inadvertently go back on. For the moment, he is only interested in winning. Once he has won, he will consider the next step, without reference to anything he has said before. It is pointless to try and construct a rational substructure to, or a timeline that analyses, his statements.
'British'- even "100s of years old ancestry" British still has several very different looks though. More Celtic, Saxon and Viking. Mrs tmstms is sometimes told she looks Polish, but she's likely mostly Anglo-Saxon, maybe a bit of Viking. However, long long ago, Angles were from around modern-day Poland....
Wrong sub. Ask in AskUK, UKPolitics and UnitedKingdom. BTW there is a standard correct answer from an old comedy show. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DGscoaUWW2M
Word of mouth is ALWAYS best.
Jammy dodgers. Back in the day, we would have boxes of biscuit selections and they were my fave.
It wasn't quite like that a) as soon as WW2 was over, the USSR, our erstwhile allies, became a threat to us. So getting liberated West Germany up and running and onside was really critically important. b) We ran WW2 with a government of national unity, so all were agreed on the course of action. c) We absolutely DID eat properly, just in a more boring way than we would have done. Don't forget, it was much harder to freight fresh food around in those days. Today we are used to getting fresh veg and fruit out of season, all year. For example, Southern Spain has a 12 month growing season. It was very much harder in those days.
TIL !!!!
Waitrose does not sell artisan bread, that's what's wrong with that statement.
But while Brexit is stuck, these pertinent issues are put on hold, and have been already for three years. There could be years more of argument that a 20+ v 5 referendum would decisively solve.
There's one on Florence of Belgravia, sorry, Lawrence of Arabia. Also there is one on the Borders (here). Just look on his own site: http://www.rorystewart.co.uk/border-country-story-britains-lost-middleland/
Do I heck! Mrs tmstms just shouts at me what I have to do and I reply: *Zu Befehl, Herr Obergruppenfuehrer!* and she's tells me not to be so juvenile. If she's in a good mood, she'll bark: *Sofort!* in reply.
OP means they are typos- It should read: *We could amend the Poltical Declaration. People are wary....* Is it possible a squawk service machine transcribes audio utterances and so may get them wrong (here, because of an Irish accent)?
Which is the other Tory MP? i.e. if you mean Mark Field I believe he is suspended only as a minister.
Bear in mind Mark Field is suspended only as a minister.
The other guy appears to have ceased to be an MP on the success of the recall petition. But yeah, I was being sloppy. The ex-Peterboro MP remained an MP even when in jail. Losing the party whip doesn't even matter here, if he carries on voting with the Tories.
The ex-Peterborough MP remained in post even in prison, because her sentence was shorter than 1 year. Only the recall petition got her out. The chance there will be a by-election from this is vanishingly unlikely.
-ish. But it was even worse yesterday evening. Reddit did say there was a problem.
Just empty chair Boris. Simples.
I have to say that my spilling red wine on fabric does cause Mrs tmstms to lose it, shout at me I don't value anything and I should get out. She also believes that carelessness with soft furnishings = moral turpitude. *No other woman in the world would put up with you!* she says. Perhaps we could tell Boris: *No other country in the world would put up with you!*
WTF I love the DM now.
1) It's because tariffs would mean our fish would get very pricey- just as with manufactured goods, stuff costs more from rich countries than from poor ones. 2) Currently, a lot of the fish we sell is processed in EU countries (and may return to the UK) and of course, whether it's processed or just landed, as part of the Single Market. it can be sold without any further formalities or inspections. Without a deal, British fish would become uncompetitive and also not be able to be landed without delays. So for the fish tradee to flourish, a deal is probably necessary.
Because you might have made a point that was hard to argue against?
letswithpets.org.uk is a website run by Dogs Trust and may help....
Can you reach your dump/ tip? If so, there will be a section for small electricals for sure. Dunno where used pens go, but they'll tell you. The outsides can certainly go in 'hard plastics.'
Well, BXP ARE second favourites with the bookies, but between their odds 6 to 1 against, and the LD odds of 5 to 1 on, there's a big big gap (CON is 8 to 1, and no-one else is better than 50/1). So people think, I suppose, BXP and CON will compete for the same votes, but LD will grab the lion's share of the others.
If you're a Conservative party member (average age 57), you may well care more about how to get red wine stains out of the sofa than about the backstop.
I'd get a whole bible- both testaments.
It must be OK for you since in your city, you never walk alone anyway, right?
The fact that several No-Dealers in this thread interpret a set of tweets intended to say: 'No Deal= Chaos' as meaning 'No Deal= No Problem' shows to me how polarised the debate is. Those who badly want to leave are prepared to interpret absolutely anything as being in favour of their own beliefs, and those who badly want to stay are prepared to seize on any obstacle as insuperable.
Believe in the bin!
/u/alyssas thanks you for your support.
I am very sorry the political conversation has gone as it has over the last three years. It has seemed to drive both sides further away from each other and make the national unity and social cohesion on which we rely to be 'Great Britain' seem more distant. Because both sides see the possibility of not losing, neither is willing to back down.
Actually, though I really don't know the stats, I fear that China has shipped in enough Han (=ethnically Chinese) immigrants, they would now be in a majority. Dunno whether it's also done some genocide on ethnic Tibetans to help this process along.
We get the message, alyssas! hahahahahaha!
I have a feeling it has been rebranded "Versus Arthritis."
I can expand this- we might argue that the difference between being based on Common law and being based on Roman Law is one of the most fundamental differences between the UK and Continental Europe.
Last year was so crap for them that there are bound to seem more this year. I DO think they are doing OK this year!
Is it? For example, here in Yorkshire, if you get a curry or a Chinese takeaway, you get rice, chips or (for the requisite cuisine) 3 chapati thrown in with the price.
1) a) York will have the lowest crime because it has the biggest % of posh. Also, a lot of low-level crime happens where rich and poor live close together, so there will be more crime in bigger places, and York is smallest. b) You should not see crime and safety city-wide, but as something that affects the immediate area where you live. I'd say you are 100% likely to pick a safe area to live wherever you go. Areas of high crime will immediately appear 'rough' to you. 2) As you surely know, our prevailing wind is from the West/ South West, so it brings wet weather from the Atlantic. So West is wetter than East. But it is also milder- I would not even say Glasgow is especially cold. 3) I actually live near Leeds and York, and both are great, but I think Manchester is buzzier. However, you can easily visit Manchester for the evening from Leeds.
Ah! Hence your question about safety. Sorry you got mugged. Yes, underpasses are one of the worst places for safety.
Will we have less migration or just less EU migration? (Or did you just mean less EU migration?). Obviously I don't think ANY criminals are good for Britain, but my fear would be that the average quality of migrants will go down, not up, after Brexit.
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sambar_(dish)
And to you!!
no. must be 48 hrs after registration.
Current and recent politicians may not be mentioned in this sub.
There's loads of different dialects in German, just as there are in British English, never mind between the UK and other English-speaking countries. Generally, the further south you go, the more 'slurpy' for want of a better word the language sounds. So an Austrian or a Swiss person will say something more like 'ish' or 'isch' where a Northern german says 'ich' (still not as hard a sound as 'ick', though- it softens at the end.) Often people roughly equate Northern German and so-called High German. Sometimes, therefore, German Germans think Austrian and Swiss accents make people sound a bit like "hicks" or "rednecks". Austrians speak not so differently from Bavarians (people from Munich and nearby, for example), and Salzburg and Munich are REALLY close to each other. Obviously even within Austria, people from Vienna sound different from people from the Salzburg end of Austria too. I mean, in England you can go just a few miles and people sound different if you are a local.
There IS a YNWSA thread running. Try "Max Clark" from "Vitesse Arnhem". Sure it's nothing though.
Sorry, you cannot call anybody a cunt in this sub without serving a ban that is short on the first offence.
You are not allowed to be rude to other redditors in this sub. Always treat them with respect, no matter what you think of their point of view. Do not insult them!
I've just walked in now! However, it is reasonable to expect everyone to be 'all systems go' next Monday!
I am sure you are right. I only came on it by chance when obsessively googling transfer stories.
Hammers?
https://www.11v11.com/teams/sheffield-united/tab/players/season/1952/ (can scroll by year)
This isn't badUK material- it's just a political post.
np!
I presume written like that because we are away, but OP is predicting a win by that score.
Sometimes documentaries have different narrators for the different markets.
All good now.
One pertinent reason the other person left you theirmobile was because it is likely they do want to know you were OK in the end. So let them know!
This aged even better! A borefest replay to give themboth an extra game before facing us!
No-one would call obeying someone pointing a gun to your head 'fully co-operating.'
Replay, unfortunately.
He's been subbed off for Ox.
Great quote from the Blueshite sub. *Everton Football Club needs to be closed down. Knock Goodison Park down and don't bother building a new one. Just shut up shop and burn everything in a big bonfire including the players. Then use their right-to-be-forgotten and ask Google to delete every single mention.*
That's exactly it, though. If you live in a crowded country with big family groups, that sense of reserve preserves a sense of personal dignity.
It's a hilarious watch.
It is, but it has also been cited and posted about 1000 times on this sub since the match.
Yeah- it even had the obligatory clenching in the first half when they had the chances. It was like one of those adventure films where the bad guys seem to be winning in the first half, and then the good guys come up with their plan and things turn around.
This may be a little bit true but is massively exaggerated. Most passionate fans have a closer allegiance to club than country. Club is every week, country is once every two years if all goes well. In other cases of international matches, fans are often just hoping their club players are not injured Liverpool fans often combine football loyalties with political views, and you will see this much debated on the LFC sub. This is more true of LFC than of most clubs For the most part, though, there is no difference between LFC fans and anyone else when England plays
Well, it's always complicated by who you have already. I agree 100% with /u/brokenbadlab. If you buy someone who is world-class already, you need them to start, and they probably won't come if they can't start anyway. So for example, it would be hard to buy another world-class front 3 player at the moment, but someone like Minamino, who is great cover and for whom it represents a big step up, is perfect. We NEEDED a great CB and a great goalie. VVD and Ali could start at once and play as much as possible. I don't think we have any positions left where we massively need to strengthen. It may more be a question of whether people stay fit e.g. Naby. There's also the fact that in some positions, certainly the full backs, we have the best in the world already; there's no-one to sign. Finally, as we've seen in the last few matches, there are some amazing kids coming through, and they might just turn into world-class players who are already here.... EDIT: I mean, when we as fans were complaining no-one much was signed over the summer, we were not privy to what Klopp could see, the development of the young players in-house, plus the impact the return of injured players would have. As it looks now, Klopp got the squad depth right....just. Plus we had one or two bits of luck- Ali was injured before the transfer window shut, and so Adrian could come in easily.
No politics in this sub!
The street is very steep.
I'm going to delete this as it's not Casual, but FWIW, for decades, ALL the arts industry sector has been terrible to get into. People used to work for nothing until it was made illegal. Like some of the other replies, this is completey normal.
Either he was bonkers or he was trying to troll you.
No. But Bill, Will and Billy are all more common abbreviations of William, and Frances, from which Fanny derives, is not that common at all, and is more common as Fran. Fanny is a rather old-fashioned name. I think the lack of those usages is actually innocent, not an attempt to avoid innuendo. IRL, the person I know called Fanny is in her 90s. Also some people I know called their cats Felix and Fanny after the Mendelssohns.
"Property" to us means stuff that is already built. If it's not built yet, we call it 'land.' Rich foreigners used to see London properties as a good investment- their value went up year on year even lying empty.
Lots of people who can't access the stream of the presser want to hear what Klopp has to say asap!! So it satisfies the fans more if /u/EnriqueMuller is telling us the Word of Klopp the second it comes out of the manager's mouth!
Dress up as a trophy with big ears.
No politics or politicians in CasualUK. This is a blanket policy. Please do not bring politics, politicians or political events into the subreddit - you will receive a ban.
Just to confuse you, everyone I know (in the UK) says Nye-Key.
As a student, people's one-line description of her was *She's very ambitious.*
Shame there was not video footage of the scene in that pub. I can see it now- jptoc's friends mocking him, jptoc in despair and then the goal disallowed!
One of the most special people the human race has had, even!!
I'm a card-carrying anti-jinxer.
There's going to be a trade-off of something else if you want cheap AND nice. The most obvious one will be geographical accessibility. How flexible are you as regards work? It might be simplest to indicate where you could work e.g. does it have to be in or near a major city?
OK- everywhere needs teachers, so anywhere quite a long way from London will do- specifically, the North-East and Cumbria have fantastic quality of life. I'm in Yorkshire, that applies here also, though for example- I am in a town (Castleford) that is a bit run-down, but if I am prepared to drive, more or less all of Northern England is on my doorstep. North Wales would be another area I think is really beautiful and is cheap to live in.
I love both Liverpool and Leeds and both are in general totally safe. Liverpool has a lovely European feel, and is near nice seaside as well as the whole NW and N Wales. Leeds is near the Dales and not far from the N Yorks Coast and Moors. I'd go for Leeds as a driver or Liverpool as not. Both Yorkshire and Merseyside have srong local identity and pride. FWIW I live near Leeds (having spent 20+ years in London!) and always enjoy going to Liverpool when I do.
It is the fragrant scent of freshly-mown grass and of meadow flowers! Oh fuck! I've just seen it is you, my hornet-y friend! EDIT: Oh, wait a minute! Maybe you are NOT my hornet-y friend. Maybe you are an imposter!
Wash your mouth out!
No politics or politicians in CasualUK. This is a blanket policy. Please do not bring politics, politicians or political events into the subreddit - you will receive a ban.
They would have except for VAR, though VAR also disallowed a Saints penalty.
Well, the first one that comes to mind is the BBC. They are notoriously cautious about what they report, and they say both of these things: https://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-51043220 https://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-51077816 I have no axe to grind. I use 'sufficiently widely reported' to mean that BBC News, ITV News and Sky News all broadcast something as being true. Most of my real-time news is from the telly and the radio.
No politics in this sub.
No politics or politicians in CasualUK. This is a blanket policy. Please do not bring politics, politicians or political events into the subreddit - you will receive a ban.
They come very late. So people hope things are decided by then, which would be good for us too!
It will depend 100%on who actually owns it. It might be a one-off or yearly fee to run a franchise shop. I have no idea how it actually works in each country, though.
And Spurs! Was he not warming the bench for the Spurs match too? *They also serve who only sit and wait.*
That may be true of many teams. 1) There are always a lot of fixtures in the first part of the season- with internationals + Champions League/ Europa League + League Cup. Better teams have players that feature in all of these. 2) At Christmas and New year then we know England has extra fixture congestion. 3) From now onwards, there are simply not so many matches overall and fewer teams are involved in all the cups. 4) The January transfer window allows clubs to strengthen if they wish to and can. I know Klopp says we are not a club who sign to deal with injuries, though of course we signed Adrian when Ali was injured.
Ve haf vays of making you breathe!
Ah! Manager Appointed Quique!
Sorry, no politics in this syb means you cannot mention the names of any political parties or indicate a political affiliation.
Don't think he gives a stuff about dust. I think he just wants ways to humiliate Yasmeen and be boss. He's so repulsive.
No politics in this sub includes not making political points, nor mentioning the names of any political parties.
What is Brigham? Is it a Young city? Did you mean Brighton or Brixham? If you are American, I'd travel round the Cotswolds, since they really do look like how Americans think England ought to look!
Good! I had a look and those are the sorts of replies I'd hope for if it were me. I used to know Cambridge really well, but I haven't be there for sufficiently long I dare not advise you on the parking. One thing I do if people advise residential streets is Google Streetview it. Though the photos are by definition out of date, you can get an idea about restrictions.
I know Rutland well AND this has just been on the news AND this argument has been going for some time. It is kind of IS Nimbyism, but also it's true that the identity of Rutland is about individuality and non-chain retail. One point that should also be made- the proposed McD is NOT in a town, it is in an out-of-town retail park.
First Bus is in quite a lot of cities, I think. I've never heard of Centre Bus.
Defeating bus-parking - good practice for the Premier League.
I wanted to post this myself but it's not UK. Damn!
This sub's wiki recommends Bold Street for eating. I do too! The Anthony Gormley sculpture in the sea at Crosby is interesting. However, I don't think you can go wrong. Just walking around the centre is a great atmosphere. In Williamson Square, there's a fantastic Italian cafe- meal or cakes, great coffee- very good value, and you can sit with a view of the club shop too, ha!
Current and recent politicians may not be mentioned as part of the no politics rule. The cut off is about WW2. (Earlier than WW2 does not count as recent.)
No probs.
I guess they have priced it to be comparable to a headstone in a graveyard. So that's kind of reasonable. Ask them about the maintenance aspect.
I think yours is actually the best answer- at the 'exceptional talent; level, there's no issue at all. But there are hurdles for work permits, and if we later on treat EU people the same as non-EU, the EU ones will face the same issues as the loan player(s) you are talking about. So then it will be an issue for smaller club more than for larger. At the moment, an off-the-shelf EU player is better value than training up one's own kid; maybe we'll see more academy development across clubs, and maybe not. Also we don't know what future shape an EU free trade deal will take, in terms of working arrangements.
Well, you can easily see how someone French might not like that idea! I dunno where you live, but most continental Europeans are comfortable with the idea that you just speak more than one language.
Woof! Boy turns into dog at inconvenient moments.
No politics or politicians in CasualUK. This is a blanket policy. Please do not bring politics, politicians or political events into the subreddit - you will receive a ban.
With the Virgin Mary it also means the Second Coming of Jesus.
If you KNOW you are going to read it regularly, of course a subscription makes sense. But we only buy papers randomly- we certainly don't buy one each day, and for example, if we read a paper free in the cafe or wherever, then it's pointless buying that particular paper that day, or if it's free with the shopping etc. I am therefore in OP's camp. I'd feel tied in by a subscription.
Some people do transfer unis. Generally after 1 year, but maybe there's a way you can do this.
You can be a Christian and still poke fun at Christianity. I bet a lot of Catholics enjoy *Father Ted* and a lot of Anglicans enjoy *Vicar of Dibley.* For example, the quip (on twitter?) that TAA and Robbo were standing by on either side "with crosses" is funny without being in any way disrespectful. There's a lot of theological writing about whether Jesus laughed - the Bible does not literally say he did, and the line: 'a time to laugh' is from Ecclesiastes, not the Bible as such. But generally, commentators speak of being Jesus as fully human as well as fully divine, so it is likely that he did laugh, and he would enjoy a good game of football these days.
We can't. All reports are anonymous, so you COULD have reported the post!
No politics!
No politics in this sub, sorry.
Now?
It's pointless to have a car as a student. At best everyone else will just exploit you as a free taxi. Cars cost tons for young people to run. Wait till you are earning.
Dammit!
One of the mods here is a Derby person and proud of it. Also is known for sensible advice- /u/satanspanties In general, I made the move North 6 yrs ago from London and the quality of lfie here is just fantastic (W Yorks). In a rush but will keep an eye on this thread!
It's being done quite cleverly. Maria has found out enough about Gary to condemn him, but they are having a child together so she wants to believe a) his excuses and b) that he is now going straight. There are lots of holes in the story (for example,we know he owns the factory, and it does not seem to matter HOW he got to own it) but that's Corrie. The human drama (mother-to-be wants to see the good side of the father-to-be and make a family life together) is easy to get into, and FWIW- I think the writers are consistently cruel to Maria by putting her in crap positions.
INCREDIBLE comment from the Scum sub: *Liverpool played their first team squad, must have respected us... think that shows we are on the right track*
Virgil van Dijk's last 7 PL goals Header - assist Alexander-Arnold Header - assist Alexander-Arnold Header - assist Alexander-Arnold Header - assist Salah Header - assist Alexander-Arnold Header - assist Robertson Header - assist Alexander-Arnold (from GraceNote twitter)
It's 10 wins now! It was 12 wins before this weekend, but we got a win and Man City (and Leicester) fucked up.
Klopp just said he was OK with us saying it.
Damn! This is gold. This is like when your parent or grandparent is nagging you: *You'll never do it that way! Don't do it that way! That's not the way! It will never work! ......Oh! You did it!*
Dead easy.
I don't remember, because we won it so often!
I think Klopp will show some loyalty to the kids in terms of team selection for the Cup, though.
I have heard that too, but the main reasons are a) as you say, squeezing the car in can be a pain, because garages are getting smaller and cars are getting bigger for the same class of car. b) people need the space to store other stuff.
But the Harlem Globetrotters are themselves black. How is it racist to celebrate how good we are? What point are they making, that black athletes are the best? I've known tons of Polish people also, including ones that came over to fight Hitler (I am old) or ones that fought in the Warsaw Uprising. I just don't think it's a big deal who they put on the front cover. To an outsider, the most iconic players we have do happen to be BAME- Salah, Mane, VVD, TAA. Very few countries in the world are as non-racist as the UK, IMHO, and sure, there is more racism somewhere ike Poland. But I still don't see what's wrong with the cover. I'm BAME mysef, FWIW.
I dunno if this is true, but my sister told me (I am old and my sister is 16 yrs older even than me) that her husband's first car was a Mini- he was very tall, and what he did was remove the driver's seat and drive it normally from the back seat. I'm sure it would be illegal these days, but maybe back in the day no-one queried it.
As you and /u/the_flying_ninja are saying, that is much better for both sound and sense, but I wonder if it isn't for Poles in terms of how Polish is pronounced. Maybe they say 'Glob' more than 'GloHbe' and so it rhymes more in Polish the way they've done it. In addition, I imagine Gl and Kl are pronounced slightly similarly. And even 'ob' and 'opp'
I agree, Aragorn's nickname is 'Strider' so he is wasted as a CB.
And for us too when you are around.
All junk food is potentially a solid meal. I don't think there's anything wrong in occasional junk food meals at all. Nutrition is a big picture thing. The wrongest things about entry-level eating out are ingredient quality and additives, rather than what the dishes are in themselves. Burgers I have made myself from a steak minced up from a cow reared by the farm I bought the meat from and chips I have made from my own potatoes I've grown- those are healthier than a Big Mac and fries. But it's still burger + fried potatoes. The difference is in the quality of the meat and how it's been kept, and the fact that the potatoes have not had to go through any intermediate process in my case,or been stored- it's out of the soil and into the pan. Plus I can control what oil it is I use.
Villeroy and Boch Iflo Rocca all exist.
Her seagull will nick your chips if you carry on like this!
In terms of our council's schedules, it is quite clear which days will be more stressful for the binmen: 1) first garden waste collection (garden waste is not collected over winter, for obvious reasons). 2) last garden waste collection. 3) first normal waste collection after Xmas. 4) ditto, recycling. 5) any collection where public holidays have disrupted the schedule and there is more waste than normal.
No politics or politicians in CasualUK. This is a blanket policy. Please do not bring politics, politicians or political events into the subreddit - you will receive a ban.
Yeah- rationing went on into the 50s, after all.
Sheffield United supporter?
Never. But I see her on the parliament channel/ the news on the telly.
I didn't notice it! I thought it was a clever way of representing L-V-T PLUS it sounding like 'living'
1) AFAIK UK subs do follow UK law and reddiquette in terms of what is allowed. Those rules/ guidelines might be more restrictive than what you personally believe. 2) a) It's very rare, AFAIK, that mods ACTIVELY shape a sub according to political views etc, unless that is already contained within the remit of the sub e.g. on the sub of one football club, its rivals may routinely be referred to by derogatory terms such as Scum or Pigs. b) What happens in terms of what you call censorship is that mods read and follow reports, and reports are made by people who are offended. If a sub has a majority opinion in some direction, it is highly likely that posts which are against that will get reported far more commonly than posts that are with the majority. An example I just used to Lolworth is the expression 'bash the fash' - this is clearly an incitement to violence. But because, on the UKPol and UK subs, the majority is left-wing, the use of those expressions might be unreported for ages. c) It also follows that the more free-speechy you are, the less you will report, and therefore free-speechers will let more go than politically correct people. But mods just see the reports and in general, they tend to remove rather than approve. 3) Now to notification. On a big sub, there is a mod action every few minutes, probably about 2-3 minutes on the biggest UK subs now. There is no way that mods want to engage in discussion about that, because it would swallow up the time to the next mod action, and mods have their actual lives to lead. So in many cases, mods just remove and 4) Any big sub has an automod. Automod is set to do all kinds of stuff, but one thing it might do is remove or flag up any comment that contains a banned word. For example, to take a neutral example, as you probably know, all politics is forbidden at CasualUK. Anyone who mentions politics or a current or recent politician is banned for a short while. So that means a comment might be removed by automod because it contained the word Corbyn or Trump. The mods would not even know. Without these time-saving devices, modding would be impossible. 5) As the Ayatollah (may he live for ever!) says of his sub, BadUK, each sub has an owner who makes their own rules. As you say, it is always possible to make a new sub with different rules.
Vienna, the capital of Austria. Why? Because it offers a wonderful quality of city life (and is near countryside), has excellent culture, food and drink. Have I lived there? Not for more than a month at once, but I have been there at least 25 times, and before I knew her, mrs tmstms had lived there several years, so we had that in common when we met, a love of the place.
It's not my view so much as my telling you how reddit subs are run. Actually, if the Internet, and specifically. reddit, followed the etiquette of real life, I think things would be absolutely fine. It's completely normal that one goes to the pub and is with people or even acquaintances with very different beliefs and lifestyles. It's completely normal that one respects them to the extent of not picking quarrels with them about it. And if someone else came over to your group and picked such a quarrel, they would be seen as offensive and impolite. Reddit is MUCH worse in terms of how people behave. I always thought I would one day turn into a grumpy old man, but real life surprises me. I am amazed how, IMHO, standards have not declined at all in my lifetime. Young people seem really polite and well-behaved, and if you talk about football terraces or pubs, behaviour is far better than it was in the 70s, say. I'm constantly amazed how good a state society is in, actually.
I was asked to be a mod, but obviously at that time the sub creator's account was still going..... It's beyond my pay grade, anyway.
Try AskUK also. Here are some random recommendations: Rose Cottage Farm, Thirsk Rowan Cottage, Torridon Lochside, Knoydart Crummock Water Cottages.
No plans this year. Yes, takeout Chinese is very popular here- we call takeout 'takeaway.' In the place I grew up, my mum and a friend of hers whose family had been missionaries in China back in the day, used to organise a party for all Chinese people in the town. There was dragon dance and stuff. After the opening of China in 1978ish, the number of Chinese people in the town rose and eventually, when it was over 200, it became unsustainable. EDIT: BTW, OP, I guess you are in a different time-zone, but you posted this at just before 8 p.m. our time. So you will only get answers from people doing nothing!! The people doing something are out there doing it, since it is our evening. As I alluded to in another comment, it is unusually also Burns Night, a festival associated with the national poet of Scotland (his birthday). It is traditional to eat a dish made from the stomach of a sheep, with potatoes and swede, and to read out his dialect poems. People are doing that also tonight. People have also said how curious it is that it is now the Year of the Rat, and one of Burns' most famous poems is about a mouse. Next coincidence of Chinese New Year and Burns Night is 76 yrs in the future!
Dammit! I SAW that Maccies and wondered whether to stop! How did I miss the sticker??
I've never been to a Burns Night actually in Scotland. But more or less anything can be used as an excuse for a piss-up. Do you know the TV show (All Star) Family Fortunes? Contestants have to guess the X most popular answers when members of the public were surveyed on certain questions. So, second-guessing,not guessing. My fave episode was Michael Owen and family v Penny Lancaster and family. It was a whitewash. The key question to make the Lancasters zero was *What is an occasion on which you might hear/ see fireworks?* The least popular answer remained to be guessed. The Lancasters incorrectly guessed 'Diwali' and the Owens got 'Chinese New Year' for the steal.
No politics or politicians in CasualUK. This is a blanket policy. Please do not bring politics, politicians or political events into the subreddit - you will receive a ban.
He may not start, simply because he played almost an hour last match, which was not in the plan. People are guessing that because he may need to be in the team for West Ham (because Mane injured), he won't be given a full outing today.
I agree 100%. But conversely I think Klopp has also gone out of his way to be positive and protective, knowing that there is so much interest in Minamino's arrival.
Beat me to it! No-one says "Klopp time", everyone says "Kloppage time"....
BBC has the FA Cup rights.
Too sleepy to have crime.
Sorry- another point: The question is not so much what the land costs, because of course the government can afford it. It is that people would object to a new city being built and refuse to sell their land. In order to try and buy the land against the wishes of the owners, years and years of court cases and planning enquiries would be necessary. My example was building a new high-speed railway line from London to the North- this project is going to take at least 25 years, unless it is cancelled. Imagine what a fuck-up building a new capital would be. I don't think you realise how crowded Britain is.
Yeah, my aunt and uncle did this...but in Switzerland. 1) I would say, yes, the two problems are a) lack of suitable land to buy and b) the cost of getting the utilities connected into to somewhere that does not have them. The urban places where people want to live are pretty crowded in general. 2) It's possible but costly. As others are saying, getting planning permission can be hard, therefore one might start off looking for land that already has planning permission, but that might in turn be hard- there will be less choice in terms of getting a small parcel of land. For example, round my town there are a few spots where there is land with planning permission, but the choice of existing houses is way way bigger. 3) Funnily enough, I live in a street where ALL the houses were built roughly in the way you describe. But it is extremely unusual for my (v ordinary) town. All the houses were built around 1970. What happened was that long ago, the area I live was a marshalling yard for the railway. When that was not needed any more, it was turned into allotments. Unusually, the allotments were owned by individuals, rather than, as is more normal now, owned by the council or another body and rented out to people who want one. Then people built houses on those plots (some were builders, so they ay built 2 or 3 houses, lived in one and sold the other(s) to finance their own house. Eventually, the owners then approached the council to 'adopt' the street in between the houses. (So it would have tarmac and council maintenance). The council came up with a price for this and the residents paid for there to be a road. So that's another cost if you want to live somewhere that is not already built on- what the road access would be.
Well, you're well answered, but there's a massive range within "pubs" and "restaurants" - however, the simplest rule of thumb is that the primary function of a pub is to serve alcoholic drinks, especially beer, of a pub to serve alcoholic drinks, but often aiming to be slightly more upmarket- hence gin/ cocktails/ wine, and for a restaurant to serve food. Most pubs however serve food, and most restaurants serve alcoholic beverages, and a few that do not allow you to bring your own. But also, the word 'bar' is also used to delineate one part of a pub (e/g/ the "lounge bar" and the "public bar" and is used literally for the counter/ barrier between the customers and the staff. But each establishment has its own rules if you are eating. In some you just sit down, in some you are shown to a table, in some you order at the bar, in some it is table service. In some there is table service but you then pay at the bar, or it can even be the other way round. In general, the posher it is, the more you will be served. Many pubs have a two-tier system- a room that is a restaurant, and a room that is a bar, but where you can eat informally. I don't prefer any one kind over any other kind. It just depends what I feel like.
Well, I was at school in the 1960s and 70s. In geography lessons we learned and were tested on OS maps, and on one field trip we had to do compass marches in an unfamiliar area. BTW I am not the same person who thought it was generational.
As the first person says- Richmond Park, Kew Gardens. Hampton Court going the other way. Kingston is OK by the river. Kew has a few nice shops near the station.
Yeah- ours is the opposite way round. The shower is on the left! The tray OUGHT to be longer than the screen. Annoyingly, I was at home when I last wrote but now I am in the office. I will measure the shower when I get home and let you know.
Terry's is made in Poland now, IIRC. Henderson's Relish. Yes, cheese from the Creamery at Hawes in Wensleydale. More niche cheesemakers are Shepherd's Purse near Thirsk, and Mrs Bell of Lancashire. Bury Black Pudding. Sparkling wine from Ryedale Vineyard or Leventhorpe near Leeds Yorkshire Chorizo from Lishman's of Ilkley.
Right, but it doesn't say that clubs accepted they'd have to play first-team players. I dunno, but frommy perspective as an older person it is critically important we win the Premier League and do well in the Champions League, to maintain our European reputation. I've felt bad for 30 years not having won the PL title or in the few years before the PL. I'm still upset about *that* Michael Thomas goal. Whether we win the FA Cup this year is not going to do anything for the standing of the club one way or another.
It's just too long. People don't get taught it and it doesn't get anthologised. People just don't come across it.
Good points! 1) Most Shakespeare works are plays. So they can be taught in lots of different ways. When we were 12/ 13, we acted out parts from a number of Shakespeare plays. We did't really understand either the language or the adult themes, but we understood some things about the nature of drama. 2) When we were taught Latin and Greek, the language element of being able to read and translate a bit of Homer or a bit of Virgil took up quite a lot of the teaching time. So it was as much that these were examples of language as that they were great literature. Also, though we all had to do Latin up to age 16, relatively few did it from 16-18 compared to how many did English Lit, so there was more of an eye to making at least some of the English Lit more modern. Teachers clearly felt you could get more "bang for your buck" teaching shorter poems. It's the same with our history- it's very long, as you know, so often the bits that get taught are the bits that make the best stories, like Henry VIII and his six wives. Milton IS revered by people, but only bu those who know him....
There is no 'this sub' or 'you guys' as I endlessly have to explain. This sub exists to lampoon and poke fun at absurdities whatever their political or cultural viewpoint. As you are no doubt aware, the left-leaning majority in UK and UKPol mean that there are right-wing refugees here, aware that this sub is much more relaxed about what you can say. But that's an unintended by-product, not an intention of the sub. For example, the degree of vitriol you've expressed, or using 'retarded' as an insult, wouldn't I think be allowed in the standard UK subs. Racism is a banning offence here as well, FWIW.
There are two different approaches to this. One is the best 'normal' tea as in teabags and soon, and I see the first two answers were the excellent Yorkshire Tea. Some people would go Twinings or Betty's/ Taylor's of Harrogate blends. The second approach is the poncy, posh leaf tea one. There, I would go for Dragon Well for green and Iron Buddha for red. You can look at a supplier like the Tea Palace (they used to have a nice tea house, but it must have gone bust.)
Module seems common these days. People also said 'Subject' and 'Option' in the old days.
It's already implausible that Bertie gets measles so quickly. I date from before the era of MMR vaccinations, and we all got measles and mumps round about age 6-7. Most people of my age and older remember having measles, they did not have it as babies.
OED is bound to be slow to respond to actual colloquial usage. AFAIK all dictionaries work hard to update themselves and decide when something has changed in meaning. You've got a random sample of native speakers in this thread, who live in various parts of the UK. They're just telling you what people around them actually say.
As others are saying, they are built with features (e.g. resident warden, internal alarm system, on-site meals, easy disabled access, easy ambulance access) that are not of interest to anyone who is not elderly. They will always be smaller than the space younger people, and especially families require.
1) Fantastic friendly people. 2) Surrounded by beautiful countryside, but nothing special as a town itself. Forest of Bowland is an underrated beauty area, obviously it's close to N Pennines and Lake District also. 3) Nice Minster and sports hall. 4) Good pies. 5) Famous for its Norwegian Forest cats (didn't see that one coming, eh? hahahahahaha!)
It is not thought that the televised games compete with live attendance *for those same games.* It's more that they think lower league sides will lose fans if those people can watch the bigger clubs so easily on TV at 3 p.m. on Saturdays.
Well, obviously it varies a bit according to locality. If you are somewhere very built up, where you can dodge the rain really easily, then maybe it will look stranger. But let's say you are in Ilkley or Harrogate. They are posh towns, but almost everyone is wearing outdoor clothing.
All the answers seem right. It is astonishingly easy to turn a given space into an office with stud walls, partitions, whatever, as necessary. It would be dead easy to turn it back into a sellable house as soon as there was no more need for the office.
His job is abolished and he will no longer have a job, though I am sure he has many ways of making money, e.g. as an invited speaker. All our MEPs will cease to have jobs.
Easiest way would be to buy and off-the-shelf limited company with a British Company Secretary. Plenty of company formation firms offer this very cheaply. You will need to fulfil the requirements to file official papers and accounts, but assuming you are legitimately trading, any business has to do that anyway.
One so hopes the sentiments you express in today's thread prove to be correct!
In anything like normal conditions, and even in a dry part of the country (this is the E edge of W Yorks, but anywhere E is drier, as you know), even a 100 litre waterbutt is never used up. I don't find the amount of water I use outside is that much or that costly- we are on a meter, and the water bill is between £55 and £85 a quarter. It's more the hassle of going around each day inspecting what needs watering (it's all higgledy-piggledy because the garden was full when we moved in, and we have not had the heart to rip out a lot of the plants that are established) than the actual amount.
In my experience the difference is paperwork (or whatever the right term for it is these days!) not money. HMRC are very fair and even generous with what can be claimed against tax e.g. Mrs tmstms is a solo concert musician and her hairdressing and any posh clothes used for performing can be claimed against tax, e.g. if we ever breed cats, HMRC will allow us many hundreds of pounds in showing expenses (=travelling to shows, paying to enter them, and food and drink while we are away fro home doing that) that mean they'll likely never get a penny in tax. Even in these cases there's a massive grey area where HMRC would never query you on an audit- if you buy a big box of cat food HMRC is not going to check if it was fed to your breeding cat or the stray you feed if it comes in the garden. In my experience, by the time you pay tax on a business, it's doing well enough you don't have to worry too much abut paying that tax.
In the old days, the Uni had the same sort of power- both Oxford and Cambridge have railway stations in stupid places as a result. But maybe there were just fewer townies to trample on in Cambridge!
It's striking how a lot of high-profile TV presenters have been letting their hair grow.
That's what the app is for, the one we've all downloaded already.
The Daily Mail (and also the Daily Express) are newspapers aimed at older people. The politics and opinion within them are therefore predominantly of the 'outraged older people' variety- hence conservative, resistant to change, resistant to cultural or social diversity. This means there is a danger of statements that can be seen as xenophobic or racist. This conflicts with the younger, left-leaning majority on reddit.
There is a sub for uk police, I think it is /r/PoliceUK I am just a punter, but yes, our policing is consent-based and the police's main weapons are patience and a sense of humour. The thought of police brutality does not enter my head as a civilian, although of course it does exist, and if I were a young, black person, I might be less amicable towards the police. In general, Brits believe the police are on their side in a co-operative relationship. I dunno if the gun laws are a cause so much as a consquence of the realtionship between the citizen and the state. Our state has, for hundreds and hundreds of years, maybe since the 9th or 10th century, ruled only by consent, and so it has not needed or wanted to arm the police. As you have a right to bear arms, largely estblished to give the citizen a chance to resist an over-mighty state, you obviously have to give arms to the police also. Unless you are actually a rebel type, you'll find that UK people have a very easy-going relationship with the police. the police operate with tons of discretion and letting things go, also.
She's in North Korea at Christmas, because they make a point of that, and by the time of her birthday on Feb 2, she's back AND the whole squad is already visiting. As others are saying, she is declared dead when she is missing for a month and she returns at the moment her death is being commemorated. When I re-watch, I'll see if there are clues as to when she does the paragliding. But I think it must therefore be 2-3 months?
As others are saying, just take the hard drive out. I actually keep mine and use them as backup storage or giant flash drives, with the proviso that they have had a lot of read/write by being used in a computer, so they may not last 'for ever.' That means whatever data is on them, I still have in my possession.
I think it is! Look at a physical newspaper, especially one of those traditionally called tabloids (since almost all are now in tabloid format). The front page is portrait orientation and not that many words can fit on in big type. So short words will always be used if possible.
Colder.
Huh! I felt this strongly also! The classical music pro v amateur joke is made between them twice- first when they first talk about it, YSR says: *I'm quite good at the piano too, I can play Fuer Elise without the music* and when they are in the boat on the first failed attempt to escape, RJH says: *As I'm never going to see you again, let me tell you NOT to say you're good at the piano because you can play Fuer Elise without the music* and in the last episode, when the piano student is performing Debussy's Clair de Lune and RJH comes in late- YSR says *He's just started* and RJH says *I know* - so these are things that are intended to show that RJH is the pro musician and YSR is the amateur. So it makes no sense he did not at LEAST say Nocturne No 2 (because I bet the one they want you to think of is indeed that one, Op 9 No.2, although a pro pianist probably has a different favourite nocturne.
Sorry I only saw our post (I only just finished watching!). 1) Seems to be because she feels bad about her family situation. As she explains to her mother in the hospital, she knew that when her mother abandoned her on the beach, her arrival into the family had been a big trauma for the mother, and she felt sorry about it. All the more because as she got older, she was far far more able and successful than her brothers (no 1= stupid, No 2 = corrupt), so she felt utterly depressed and 'in the way.' 2) I think if the drama happens in Year 1, they reunite in Year 4- reasoning here: https://www.reddit.com/r/CrashLandingOnYou/comments/g8qrmd/ending_timeline/fsmcq8r/ 3) Yes- she tells the Swiss guy it's the best two weeks of her year. 4) I think when she is taken to her parents' house - Episode 9 I think that is. 5) Maybe also in that episode- I'll check when I rewatch.
I am the biggest cat saddo in this sub. I will amplify my answer as soon as I have time. The current situation is VERY difficult, in that one cannot vieew kittens, and usually one would only leave a deposit after viewing. I must say your exchange with the seller got very acrimonious very quickly, and I don't see how you have evidence she is running an illegal operation. Plus £50 deposit suggests the kittens were not expensive enough to make the breeder money. In my experience, kitten sales do very easily go wrong. Certainly report the seller to Pets4Homes. If you get a pedigree cat, it is ALWAYS recommended to buy one that is registered (the last item on the Pets4Homes list).
I'm of Chinese ethnicity, I have noticed nothing. There was ONE incident where some guys were driving past and one shouted 'Coronavirus!' out of the window. Now, technically, that is racist of course, but actually, I creased up with laughter. I mean, I think it is also possible to have anti-Chinese speech without being racist. Their wet markets are abhorrent to us Brits; Mrs tmstms often makes anti-Chinese comments and clearly she is not racist against people of Chinese ethnicity.
No, they were in a car; but maybe this also shows generational difference between us, in that I am more offended that you want to stereotype people who drive white vans (I have loyalty towards my town, and it has many self-employed tradespeople) than I was by what was shouted at me!
As has been said many many times, the law relates to meeting and social distancing, and the sex bit is just one salacious effect of that. If the headline were 'Illegal to sit close to someone for a cup of tea indoors' it would not be so striking. Like 99.9% of the lockdown guidelines and rules, it is not about enforcement but about the public behaving well. tl;dr nothing to see here, sorry.
I basically agree with you. (I wrote the comment when I could not type very easily).
It may be that 'second wave' infections have a lower amount of virus and are therefore less deadly. Too early to tell!
Of course it's a free country. Social media posts: government treats online and offline crime the same. I must say I am 100% in approval of this. Walking the dog: dunno the context. Is this the Covid-19 lockdown? If so, every country in the world has different regulations from usual. The lemonade stand: we have rules about street trading that exist to protect the public e.g. with respect to food hygiene. Again- most people agree with that.
Redirection is done by surname, so yes, you need to have a different surname on it. EDIT: No it is not. I am totally wrong. You just need to specify very clearly on the form.
Well, one clue might be that when we search for property, it is not even advertised in sqm but by number of rooms. Historically, it seems people do not mind having smaller rooms to heat against the damp/ cold and being cosy. Foreigners are always asking why British prperty listings do not mention surface area.
It is possible to get dirt cheap houses in West Yorkshire; therefore if you see more expensive ones, they are in parts of the county that people less rude than yourself regard as "good areas."
1) As my previous comment says, no-one looks at crime stats by entire counties- that's too big an area to matter to people. 2) Most crime is petty crime, apart from known bad areas, people think crime in the UK is pretty low. 3) W Yorks is positively regarded for: a) good work-life balance- close to cities (including Manchester) but also close to countryside b) generally very easy to reach the rest of the country c) inhabitants known to be friendly and have a lot of local pride - 'Yorkshire culture' I moved here 7 years ago after 20-25 years in London. I am still astonished at how high the quality of life is here.
A lot of the things that traditionally make food taste good are unhealthy (e.g. tons of butter and salt)!
The people who used to live in the house my mum-in-law lives in are like you. They hated gardening, also they had a holiday time-share in Spain. On a new development here there is a 'coach-house' type flat - no garden, just 1st floor, and that's what they moved to.
/u/jimicus has explained it well. Because you buy the auction property 'as is' the mortgage lender does not know it is entirely OK. You CAN do a survey and stuff ahead of time, but unless you are confident you will get the property, that is just money down the drain. So consult carefully!
If he'd done it without the 'gas the jews' thing it WOULD have been a joke. Heavy would have been jail! basically, intention is not everything. Your line of thinking is that because someone did not MEAN something it cannot be serious. But these laws about hate speech etc exist becaause of how these statements are PERCEIVED, not how they are intended.
Well, we simply don't think about it as much. For example, i am 60 and I had never heard of the "'one-drop' rule". People will just think of her as Alexa Chung- I guess the Chinese surname is a giveaway, but honestly, people don't care very much. FWIW I am of Chinese ancestry and appearance, but as I was born here, I am British (English in fact, hahahaha) and I don't ever think about my race except on reddit threads, and my race has never affected my life-decisions, sociality or trajectory.
After the U-bend/ horizontal bit, the waste descends in a so-called soil pipe into the drain lower than you can smell it. So if it passes the U-bend and your drain is not blocked either, you are OK.
We tend to be good about following what we are told to do is right. Because we were not yet told to wear masks and face coverings, we have not. From 15 June, you will see many more face coverings.
NK- because it's rare to see that kind of environment and you see both the squad and the village women, who are both sets of comic characters. In SK it's basically another drama about v rich people intriguing / detective drama trying to catch CCG. In NK, although RJH's family is really high up, it all has to be much more ingenious to work.
Yes you can. You obviously need the cat to be checked by a vet and for the vaccinations to be given. The GGCF (governing body for cats) recommends Agria and they are v good and easy to deal with. PetPlan is the biggest provider and also easy to deal with. Other redditors will probably suggest other providers. It is important to get lifetime cover (a type of product, does not mean you cannot cancel!), because in general, pre-existing conditions are not covered. (Lifetime covers everything from the start of taking out the insurance; fixed term treats it like PAYG and does not cover conditions the pet might have had even in a previous year of insurance with that provider).
1) Yes, you DEFINITELY can get insurance for her. You can start insurance for any pet at any time. The thing is, the excess for any pet insurance claim is always set high enough that they do not pay out for a normal visit + 1 medication. 2) Step 1 is to go to the vet, IMHO. Regulations might change after 15 June allowing vets to be more open. Get her microchipped and get her documented. With respect to the insurance, the vet may already have a relationship with an insurer that means if you claim, they get the money direct from the insurer and you pay only the excess. For cashflow reasons, that might be beneficial to you (otherwise, you pay the whole bill up front, then you claim the money back yourself). Also, when you apply for the insurance, the vet can say your cat has a clean bill of health. Bear in mind the insurance will only really kick in for serious illness or accident- so some people recommend not insuring and just setting aside the money you would have paid in premiums into a savings account as an emergency fund. Over the lifetime of a cat, you probably break even either way.
I've just read /u/MxPnut 's comment and what he quotes about the BBC estimate would fit our house spot on. Our conservatory is getting on for 30 sq m, and so about £35k to have it replaced would fit that estimate exactly.
There are too many things we do not know yet, but one big big one is whether the disease is as lethal in subsequent waves or whether it spreads, but is not so serious (less 'virus load').
OK, so the argument about institutional racism is stuff like how as you get higher up in professions, the representation of black people goes down, and conversely, at the level of individual treatment, black people are disproprotionately represented in things like stop and search and prison populations. Now, of course there are good arguments that qualify this- e.g. it takes time for any minority to be established in the upper parts of a hierarchy; e.g. crime is linked to deprivation, and young black people are often disproportinately deprived/ underprivileged. The situation, IMHO is complicated and tricky to navigate....
It really really varies acording to how 'official' the repair/ respray is. Those quotes you had are pretty reasonable for a normal 'insurance grade' repair, but if you go to a small outfit, you may well be able to get it cheaper. For sure, a BMW will be more expensive in terms of paint and finish. I'll give you an example. A year ago, my neighbour damaged my car when she left her driveway (it was a very rare instance where I was not parked on my driveway, but on the road, because we had a builder AND a skip, so she simply didn't expect me to be there and she did not look). The repair basically consisted of getting a new door and spraying that, plus scratches on the panel next to the door. The official insurance quotes were in the region of £1500 (this the way I went; long story, and on top of that insurance paid for a courtesy cat for SIX weeks). If I had been paying to do it cheaply, I could have ordered a second-hand door, at a cost of about £100 and had a guy respray it for one hour of labour- the cost difference would have been immense.
Um, they are not yet mandatory until NEXT Monday?
I moved to Yorkshire after 20-25 years in London. Quality of life is amazing and fantastic. 100% recommend. Weekend trip? York is the obvious tourist centre- basically you have Dales, Moors and Coast for scenery. West Yorkshire has more people in but, but still loads of beautiful scenery. South Yorkshire was split off from the old West Riding.
I believe that to be actually the worst thing, not just in your year of watching, but EVER in Corrie. Mrs tmstms has not eaten chicken since that day.
Sheffield is fantastic, except when you have to drive around inside it. I imagine cycling round it can be even worse!
I believe this also. Which one is less racist?
It IS possible, but it is hard to achieve within a PLAN, let alone a plan with a time-limit. Consider the lesson that CLOY gives, that destiny can arise through chance (this is an idea very present in East Asian culture, that two people who are meant to meet will somehow do so no matter what). You can only wait for your destiny, and live as well as you can during that wait. You cannot MANUFACTURE your destiny, at least not romantically. Because YSR and RJH are both such good people, when they meet, they quickly recognise each other's quality. So live well- be prepared for that moment. But you cannot force it to arrive.
It has?
Will they take a smaller payment by credit card and the rest by bank transfer? Apparently if you pay at least £100 on your credit card you then have the protection necessary. Very hard to imagine a major Citroen dealer going bust in 3 months, BTW.
Try /r/uktrucking
Mrs tmstms' dad was a miner and the family had a terrible time- no heating all winter and just living on potatoes. But they were on the 'other side' in a way. They thought the strike had been engineered by Scargill for his own advantage and that the decline of coal was inevitable. I did not know Mrs tmstms at that time. I was in a different part of the country, but most people around me were neutral.
Not my county's proudest moment. Noticing this is posted by some Lancastrian bastard, though.
Scargill not popular here, but we are suspicious of people from Barnsley (this is W Yorks).
Exactly! There's no possibility of leadership if the leader doesn't appear. Given that there have been some twists and turns in policy- which, for all we know, might be perfectly valid and justified, not having the bloke in charge EVER explain them is really unsatisfactory. Mrs tmstms was previously no fan of Nicola Sturgeon, but she greatly admires how the FM comes out EVERY DAY at 12.30, usually on her own, and explains what is going on. I do suspect that May would have done something of the same- worked herself very hard, whether or not that would have in the end had a better outcome. Watching Arden celebrate yesterday, and remembering the very cogent interviews given by Merkel, I did wonder whether having a woman leader is the answer to a successful response to Covid-19, ha.
I can only express solidarity and say *Aaaaaaaaagh!*
April Snow / Oechul is an incredible SYJ film, if you do not know it. A car crashes and the two occupants are left unconscious and put in the hospital. It turns out they are having an affair and the innocent spouses (one of whom is SYJ) turn up to the hospital and meet........ I also like The Art of Seduction, a rom-com where both leads (SYJ being the female one) are expert 'players' in the game of love.
In general, it is known who the potential PMs are going to be (i.e. the leaders of the main parties). Although the cabinet POSITIONS are at the disposal of the PM resulting, if the MP behaves badly (e.g. the one that lied about driving the car) then the voters can recall that person, so the voters still have a say.
It is not intended to be a matter of enforcement, but a free-ing up above all for single person households who have been severely disadvantaged by lockdown and for whom being able to interact with ONE other household is a massive change. A lot of these people are single because they are widowed/ widowered or just elderly+ alone. What they need is the sense of being officially allowed to interact with others. I went into detail in a comment just now about my mum-in-law, but specifically her problem is fear that even interaction with us is forbidden and dangerous. There will be a lot of old people in this situation, and they will WANT to behave 'correctly.'
I mean, speaking personally, the mum-in-law got scared *even to go in her own garden.* Mrs tmstms is playing it by the book. All this time, she has had to be her mum's carer (I explained that this is ironically because her mum's hip operation has been delayed by the Covid). Mrs tmstms won't sit together with her mum on the sofa until Saturday!
*Simple goodness of the North Korean patriotic spirit (and cuisine) win over Chairwoman Yoong from her evil (and Michelinated) capitalist ways!*
Surely you are not impugning the foresight and alacrity of our esteemed government???
Portions of food are big. They speak loudly.
It's a metaphor from hare coursing. It means you set a hare running and thenall the dogs chase it.
Clarkson is far better at presenting Millionaire than Tarrant and v entertaining at that. I read an interesting article he wrote recetnly about trying to grow fruit and veg on his farm- because he did it on a "hobby" scale he grew too little to sell commercially, but far far too much to consume and barter in the way that people domestically do in their gardens and allotments.
Yeah- the question that a person posts is the hare. The people like us who answer are the dogs (dogs chase hares without humans having to direct them or have them on leashes or anything). The OP of such a post is like the person who gets a hare out of the container and sets it running- they sit there and watch the action without having to participate.
It's interesting that the quote itself (as used in the article, obviously the original metaphor is as old as Plato) comes from an unnamed foriegn diplomat, and we do not know why *that person* was using the quote!
Technically, it remains against the rules to stay overnight for no essential reason, but I think you'd now be unlucky to be fined and unlucky even to be noticed. The bubble rule is designed entirely to make things easier for ONE-person (and single-parent) households not to be completely isolated, so it is a very specifically designed exception, though, (which I mention, because /u/fsv , your answerer, is the other person I have discussed this with,) I noticed that 8.2 million people live alone and another 2.9 million are single parents.
Hmmmm. Friday the 13th is unlucky for Templars, but today is the 12th. Napoleon took over Malta on June 12, but that seems a bit of a stretch too.....
I've read this longer comment of yours after your shorter question to me. Your question now appears rhetorical- you almost have more and better sources than I do.
Scott.
No, absolutely not. You are right! There are many things to be anxious about, but it is always the case that the problems are visible before the solutions.
In some ways, it could be tougher than the big one, since you have to walk in between. Ben Nevis is SO long it's dead boring, and Scafell Pike is also quite a way from the road. Snowdon from Pen-y-Pass is not too bad- you get a 1000ft start above sea level already, whereas Ben Nevis is, alas, springing up from sea level. In Yorkshire, the killer is having actually to walk around on the flat as well as get up the peaks.
If you do not like something, report it. There is ALREADY a mod action roughly every three minutes. Mods are only reactive, they cannot possibly see things proactively. In general, there is much more licence to praise than to detract. One problem about the report system is that if most people are in favour of a comment, they will not report it even if it breaks the rules. So report anything you do not like!
I believe so also, but I dare not say it too loud, especially Mrs tmstms is well gloomy.
DON'T GET ME STARTED on how they've trashed The Archers! It's all about stupid human relations now! What happened to the days when it was all about farming? tl;dr Four legs good! Two legs bad!
Do you mean after RJH returns to NK and YSR sets up the Swiss music thing/ People think 3 years (if action in SK happens in Year 1, they meet in year 4.) Can't find the detailed reasoning thread at this moment, but will post it later today.
I can imagine that young people might not really know. After all, we had a big celebration for VE day just recently- there will be much less for VJ day. Relatively few Britons fought in the Pacific War (I guess Burma was the main theatre, and of course the loss of Malaya). Some Britons were also out there as civilians and were captured by the Japanese. However, I'd say the big thing is that the Japanese did not threaten the UK directly. So it was a 'far-away' war, not like the Battle of Britain over the skies of England itself. Many many more Britons were directly involved in the European theatre of war as soldiers, as relatives of people in the Forces, or as people who might be bombed. That's a massive folk memory to be tranferred onto younger generations (XYZ *happened* to my dad/mum/ grandaparents).
Very good point! I grew up in the 1960s and 1970s and the narrative of history taught was to have a 'feelgood' cosy thing about the story of Britain pre-1700.
WHY is he happier next door?
Well I think he was a horrible balrog to you.
Different cats have different attitudes as regards the company of other cats. Many prefer to be "only" cats. But obviously it is well known that cats will move house if they wish to do so.
Tomato plants are allegedly the way to true love.
One of the great things about the context of the scene is that YSR is consciously 'playing the part' of the OLD YSR - tough, scornful, in control. I guess it's a perfect example of 'dramatic irony.' For the people there, she's just come back from the dead just the same as before. Only we, the viewers, know that YSR's time in North Korea- above all meeting and falling in love with RJH, but also enjoying being with the squad, and the village women, and also I am sure being in the R family hme and spending time with R's parents- has completely changed YSR behaviour as a person. The good (abstract) things YSR has brought back from NK chime in with her lifelong goodness as a person,and allow her to express herself, to live in a more human / humane way. As anyone who has watched the whole of the show knows, in the following episodes there will be lots of little signs of this in YSR's work life also- she is more compassionate to her staff, for example. But at that moment (of her reappearance) no-one there knows she has changed. It is literally as if she has risen from the dead- as if the shrine to her has summoned her spirit.
Sorry, our no politics rule includes no mention of the B word.
We used to listen to them in our music lessons at school!
There is ZERO point going to Costco without a car!! Yeah- the brother-in-law gave up his Costco membership when (and just because) he moved somewhere without an integral garage.
Hi mate. This post is better suited to r/uk_food
Sorry but we're not the sub for general moans or complaints.
I've sampled some very good ones from the Truckle Cheese Company. The endless promo spiel you have to endure is a small price to pay!
Just started my rewatch..... V clever beginning- brief scene of the squad patrolling the border- at this stage, we don't realise they will be key characters in the whole drama. Then we go straight into the succession drama surrounding the Yoon corporation, "Queens" . So the k-drama viewer sees this, can hook on to the scenario of a rich, chaebol family drama. Two brothers and the sister they clearly don't get n with, who appears to be a bitch. Viewer doesn't yet know things will take a very different turn.
I guess you are not British, or you would know that ALL British Covid-19 patients are treated in public hospitals and NONE in private ones. We do not really have extensive private hospitals, and none that do emergency treatment. The disproportionate impact on BAME communities is indeed partly related to deprivation (poorer people live closer together, so scial distancing is harder, and have more health problems (co-morbiities), which is a major cause of bad outcomes once you have teh disease. The other reason appears to be that health and care workers are of course at greater risk, and a disproportionate number of BAME people are in front-line roles in the UK, many of them foreigners working here. But there is no issue about health facilities as such- they are roughly the same for everyone, rich or poor. Private heathcare for British people focuses on the comfort of your hospital stay (more ike a hotel) and jumping the queue for elective surgery like hip replacements. For actual acute care, all the population goes to the NHS, one reason it is so valued in our culture.
1) For anyone who plays the piano, the conversation that starts the sequence is hilarious- Fuer Elise is an easy piece by Beethoven and it is the first really famous piece that children learn- everyone knows it, but for a professional pianist such as RJH was, it is an insult when someone says they can play the piano because they can play that. 2) The way the scene segues into a love scene and then the coupl-y bit of the trailer to the net scene is very sweet and also very clever, since it happens just as the couple is under threat from the Coastguard. 3) Unless things are different in a Korean climate, or the plant is different, tomato plants do NOT look like that when they are little- the leaves form properly more or less immediately. So the idea that by ssaying nice words to the plant, it then flourishes, is an artistic device more than reality- the plant would need to be better than that to start with.
Choirs are fucked at the moment.
I used to live in London and go away every weekend. I thought of N Wales as the CLOSEST nice place to go climbing. One year I went there 15 times.
Yeah, I agree with the other answers. If you live on your own (your friend does!) you can bubble with another household. Then it's as if there is a magic tunnel between your house and the other house. However, each household only gets one bubble card to play. None of you may now bubble with anyone else- so your parents cannot bubble with anybody else- your friend is their bubble.
A lot of the lower ranked ones began as polys. So it's like starting off in the lower leagues, and then things are merged into one league. I don't know how they do the tables, but thse unis already producing fucktons of research are always going to be ahead of the ex-polys.
If you like that, then you'll like burger + coleslaw or baked tattie + coleslaw!
We've only bought them on clearance at £28 or £35. We DO have one in the car, but only in winter- I mean, we often make long journeys, so want to be as comfy in the car as in the house.
If you read local news articles (search any local paper), normally stabbings are as a result of robberies or fights. One person running loose and attacking people unprovoked with the aim of causing terror is totally different.
I am too old to know stuff like this!
I think my own are better than ones from the chip shop, but they take disproportionately more effort (but following Delia)! i.e. par boil the raw chips, then dry with kitchen roll. When you see the 'thrice-cooked' ones advertised, the idea is that they ae par-boiled, then fried, then removed while the oil is heated up v hot, then returned briefly to brown the outside of the chips. I find that chip shop chips are variable- they are only really good if they are served straight from the fryer with no delay.
Most English people do NOT feel that strongly either way. I suspect that the ones that do are the ones that get involved in the discussions.
This is the best I could find on a five second google. People who supply the Met Office. They too seem to suggest that distinguishing between different TYPES of pollen is v important. https://www.worcester.ac.uk/about/academic-schools/school-of-science-and-the-environment/science-and-the-environment-research/national-pollen-and-aerobiology-research-unit/pollen-forecast.aspx https://www.worcester.ac.uk/about/academic-schools/school-of-science-and-the-environment/science-and-the-environment-research/national-pollen-and-aerobiology-research-unit/pollen-calendar.aspx
Bookshops often do a 3 for 2 deal. But I suspect that physical bookshops survive when they present their offering in an attractive way and people then come in and discover stuff, which they then buy.
Yes, it's true. We just bought a greenhouse and it will have arrived by then.....
But why does it matter? Anyone can form any sub. If you want a different kind of sub, and lots of people agree with you, it's surely possible just to make one. Casual UK started like that- just two or three disgruntled redditors, and now it is the biggest UK sub.
Unfortunately, our no politics rule includes not posting images of any current or recent politicians. I understand politics was not the motivation of the post, but our rules are strict to prevent the possibility of arguments breaking out in response to an initial post or comment that may be jokey or perfectly innocent/ apolitical.
Oh my goodness! That's incredible! IMHO it is actually the best apple juice to be had in the UK, and the people who made it are lovely too. It is a regret of mine of moving out of London (they used to come to sell it every weekend at Chiswick Farmers' Market) that it's now too hard to get unless I order a pallet's worth. We were driving past once and they took us round their orchard.
I moved 200 miles away, so it's fair enough! A farmer comes from the other direction to sell meat at the same market and takes some juice back to sell in his farm shop, but that is still nearly 100 miles from me!
Exactly my answer too- bearing out my feeling that you are always right!
When the World Cup was in Germany in 2006, some English fans parked their car in Munich before a match and memorised the street name. After the match, they could not find the car. So they went up to a policeman and asked him where the street was. he fell about laughing. What they had memorised was the German sign for 'One Way street' - *Einbahn*. The police were good sports. They drove the fans around the city until they found their car!
None. If you are stopped by the police, they can ask you to show your licence at a police station of your choice within 7 days.
Ridiculously good. I hate you! I've downloaded the photo too!
I think it is thought a) energetic activity may transmit particles of virus. b) orientation is something that mitigates virus transmission. (Sitting side by side or at right angles v facing). Harder where pieces of equipment might be fixed. c) people do not need to get changed or wash their bodies in a pub or barber's.
yes.
I have no words.
It is EVEN the case that police cannot stop you unless they have a good reason. However, they can always make one up. But basically, here the police is NOT there to catch you out or make your life hard. The police are there to make things easier for everybody.
Yes- they are already people who have a partisan opinion. They are self-selected, so to speak. The other day I was in a queue for a food shop. A black woman was first in the queue but was engrossed in her phone. The 'greeter' assistant did not notice her and passed a basket to the erpson after her and invited that person in. The black woman then complained. According to how one sees that, it was an innocent mistake or it was racism pretending to be an innocent mistake.
My school was both at once when I was there! It went independent when I was a pupil. Private schools tend to have more interest in extra-curricular and sporting guff, and many have more money.
Oh yes. 5 miles for me would be a different town altogether- it's a v v long way away in house price terms.
This thread has been remoed, but on a personal level I can say- the coincidence of the heatwave with the very long day is going to be bad for lots of people.
In peer-to-peer ways of sharing information you are dependent on what's going on with the other people's networks, so you cannot read too much into what is happening. All you can really do is wait.
See temporary rule 10 and [this post](https://www.reddit.com/r/CasualUK/comments/fhk93i/coronaviruscovid19_on_casualuk/) explaining our moderation position. We are removing the vast majority of posts to do with Coronavirus. Thanks.
Sorry but we're not the sub for general moans or complaints. See temporary rule 10 and [this post](https://www.reddit.com/r/CasualUK/comments/fhk93i/coronaviruscovid19_on_casualuk/) explaining our moderation position. We are removing the vast majority of posts to do with Coronavirus. Thanks.
I love Monty Don! Just saying.... RIP Nigel, by the way.
McVities dark, for me.
By the end we learn that GSJ was poor and had a difficult childhood He becomes a con man and is immoral as a response to that, really. Once he sees the good around him- from YSR and SD in particular, then the good IN him comes out too. As he did once have genuine feelings for YSR, he certainly does not want her dead....
I don't want to jinx this, but imagine how memetastic it would be *if we could retain the title next season*........
Yes, it's funny, when they did the graphic of how consistent the team was in terms of personnel- 8 players have played almost all the time (and of them, of course VVD has literally played all the time), of course those 8 did NOT include the goalkeeper.
1) Outside London and major cities, it can be hard to sit down for a meal after 9 p.m. A lot of places stop serving at 8.59 p.m. 2) Public transport is really patchy- it may be convenient or it may not be, depending where you are. 3) The weather is not bad, so much as random. Grumbling about it is a form of conversation and is the source of everyone in the world thinking we have bad weather.
OK. Here is something tourists should know. Be careful as to how you use the terms England, Britain, British, Northern Irish, Northern Ireland, Ireland etc etc. Ireland is NOT part of the UK, for example. But Northern Ireland is.
Growing your own fruit and veg and then eating it is v popular now. Asparagus (but takes more than 1 yr when you start) Glen Magna and Autumn Gold Raspberries Forced Rhubarb are all delicacies. However other things are easier to grow. Chips made from your own potatoes is v nice!
Sorry but your post is a bit low effort so we removed it.
Well, 'move away' has been easier because Klopp has the ability to see the world class potential in players (e.g. Robbo) and turn more or less everyone in the team into a star. So then it's reasonable to buy a few world-class players to fill the gaps (VVD and Ali, obviously). I'd put the same point as you make the other way round from how you do it. Liverpool doesn't have a few star players now, but a great many. Just like in the 70s and 80s.
For many years, I was a 'normal' saddo, filling in round numbers of litres like 10, 15, 20, 35, 30 etc. For some reason, I got a bit eccentric a couple of years ago, and started filling in gallons instead, so, hahahaha, 4.54, 9.08. 13.62, 18.16, 22.7 litres and so on.....
Pride? Everyone creeps and grovels to her, so he's going to be aloof and lofty.... Plus, as soon as YSR knows RJH a bit, I think she's partly taking the mickey when she does it.
Yes. for example. we have (health) care workers from all countries. Many will not have degrees.
Ah! You're from Oxford! That explains your *sang-froid.*
Too easy to borrow to buy property. Banks and other lenders too ready to lend. People get in financial trouble and cannot pay their mortgages. Leaving banks and other lenders with bad debts.
They have to go through a procedure if you they wish to remove you. You should still be there- but just ring up!
URGENT: If they are broad beans, they are potentially a fantastic delicacy. It is more the harvest time for broad beans than runner beans. I must say my neighbour Mr Tapo (I call him that because his daughter behaves as if she is called Jess) does not grow very tasty ones. I only tried once before this year and it was a disaster. Fingers crossed for this year. As others are saying, take the trouble to remove the skins as well as the pods. In theory there are either 4 or 8 beans in each pod, but home-grown may be less even!
It's fantastic! It's the scenic end of W Yorkshire; v good farm shops also. Close to the Dales. Bronte country nearby Hebden Bridge is trendy. Good bakery in Slaithwaite Halifax is nice. The Fleece at Ripponden, Shibden Mill and the Ram's Head (on the moor going towards Oldham) are nice country pubs. Keelham farm shop (2 branches) People are lovely. Easy access to city life in Leeds, Bradford or Manchester.
Gary and co. are OK but I watched MOTD for Hansen and it's not the same without him.
What's Sky's free-to-air (freeview Pick) coverage like?
Some parts are. Ilkley, Harrogate and York for sure. More or less everywhere in Britain has posh and not-posh parts.
I am taking my neighbours to the hospital tomorrow because he has a scan for his cancer, which he hopes is still in remission. I think it's safer he travel in my car than on the bus, but since we are different households and it will count as 'in public' we will all wear masks, and Mrs tmstms suggests enforcing a no talking rule, which would suit me as he bangs on and on all the time.
Sorry but your post is a bit low effort so we removed it.
No politics includes no mentions of current or recent politicians.
Careful with the spelling, or you won't find the sub! No t in the middle!
The other thread is locked, so I am just replying to you here. Just after you wrote to me, the binmen came (confusingly, the bins are a different colour to yours in Leeds) and the neighbour I am taking to hospital appeared, as he has every week since lockdown, wearing one glove and theatrically brandishing some Astonish Germ Clear Disinfectant Spray. Anyway, he told me that he'd been to Whitby in the last few days and it was completely empty, the emptiest he'd seen it in his life (and he's over 75)....so social distancing working better here than on the S Coast....
Ah! Well. it was a long time ago- about 40 years, right? The British people who think anything about the war are really old. (I am 60, and it seems a long time ago to me, so we're talking people who are 70-80, I think). Personally, it seems like something from history, even though I remember vivdly how horrible it seemed at the time that many people died. In the 2000s I had some friends from Argentina and they were all great. These days, many people drink wine from Argentina. To be honest, we are more upset about the Maradona goal than about the Falklands War. If you say 'hand of God' to people, they will get angry. If you say 'Goose Green' 'Bluff Cove' 'HMS Galahad' or 'HMS Sheffield' only a few will respond, and some will associate 'HMS Sheffield' with the one in WW2. However, apart from that, most people admire Argentinian football. Personaly, I think Aconcagua is a beautiful mountain (though I have not climbed it). Fray Bentos was luxury once. Pampas. Gauchos. BEEF.
When does your payment plan stop? The default councils do is 10 instalments and 2 months with no payments. The first payment (in April) is an odd amount, then the nine ones May to January are equal amounts and Feb / Mar is no payments. You can apply to pay in 12 instalments if you so wish. If you start in August, maybe the payments go on to Feb?
No, because my thought process is *I fancy a kebab* and it doesn't go any further than that. I have on occasion about a tub of ice cream when I go out for the kebab, because Mrs tmstms has wanted some ice cream for afters, but mostly, my dessert will be more beer.
She is tortie-tabby and white! In winter she never goes out and in summer she never wants to come in! https://imgur.com/a/VGaFuVk https://imgur.com/a/IBzcA I noticed that in the Korean film 'Be With You' there is a reference to Norwegian Forest Cats. I am an Oriental Shorthair (it's a joke, since that is a type of cat). IRL, my parents came over from China in 1947 to study, and they found in '49 (I was not course not yet born) they could not return, because Mao. Actually, it is my cat's (Poppy- but her official name is Noynarock Mabel) birthday! She is 9 today!
Why not?
