So does it not work on Chrome at all ?
Harry Potter sauce ?
Piper is a Scottish gimmick isn't it
So that's a thing ! I wouldn't mind for robots in general though. Thanks !
Ohhh that's why Thanks !
I was so excited when I first heard that name
Gotham is fantastic
Forgot his lines lol
You'd have to cook it probably
The worst
Yeah this is pretty dumb
Yeah this is dumb
He can legally buy alcohol now
Definitely stupidity.
😂
How do we know he paid all his debt ?
It's (not) all connected.
Originals is another unrelated show ?
Originals is an unrelated show ?
I want one of those
Constantine with a major love interest feels weird
That's the crossover week right
Far fewer cats than I expected
I really don't find the actress a good fit but I feel this is going to be one of those movies where if you speak out against it, you get called sexist.
This is the hardest I've laughed all month
Savage is a perfect description.
Did they ever catch the murder puppet ?
I joined ten minutes in and assumed that's who the black lady was talking about
They really needed a better actor
How is this backfiring ?
U
M
Hotter as an alien
What are those ?
They stuck a tube full of dark matter taken from the initial Flash explosion, inside a hospital pillar in the past for some reason
Hello there fellow southerner ?
It's because of the firing controversy
Kevin Jr.
Yeah you DTF ?
Is she standing on a box ?
Or they're 16
I saw the title and thought it was a pun
This isn't really coding though. You just teach the robot the points you want it to go to
Would successful projects get the robot to caress the balls ?
Hell yeah absolutely
Explain how ?
Another theory is, it was that angel Joshua.
They do their best to be a great show but some of the actors I just find uninteresting.
That's terrible but not at all what the OP asked.
Did they not touch on that at all this episode
How did Shaun hack the system ?
Where do you go to watch those
Cap shaved because he has to repopulate the earth so he has to look good for the ladies
Oliver Queen !
"We're in Captain Marvel now."
This is so freaking hilarious and yet a little awesome
I think that's the dude who was on Hells Kitchen
Thanks dude
Five human females from the same family
Evil ? Maybe Jason Todd but you're implying there's multiple ?
It was a typo. They meant to say "Carpet your hole for $99."
Yes
Like I said before. I can't play because I don't have internet.
&gt; along with the fact that as of 5x01 we also know the Anti-Monitor's shadow demons are present How do we know this ?
Lol when
Just that guy
Nah
I've always read bodily fluids. So what comprises that ?
DC calls every major event a crisis
He has to deal with felicity for the rest of the show.
Why ?
I don't think I get the ending though. Can you explain ?
He downloads everything
It will then show up uncensored media but straight up porn is still lacking.
Novelty Accounts assemble
How many people are going to be this good though
They own that wrestling company they keep promoting ?
No
/r/me_irl
Front Right you mean.
It's just a Frankensteiner
FBA?
One of the implications of what he's trying to say is that certain investigations will get higher priority than others due to money being involved.
That second one is definitely important
Nah regardless of the situation it's cool
Yeah
Yeah but he expected like 12'
I didn't enjoy it but it has a strong fan following.
You can but you really shouldn't skip dbz
Just watch dbz Abridged lol
It's not but I prefer cooking it a bit more as well
https://i.imgur.com/UQKlROj.jpg
Thank you. This is best explanation I have found to get started. Could you please explain the Virtualization aspect.
That seems like his mother though
Must be that second to last cheerleader
O hai Mark
Yo my boy Nate Gray is a villain now ? Did his powers come back ?
Did you miss the issues where they finally found the symbiote home planet ?
How do you know that's just electricity and nothing else
Is it known to have not for sure ? It might just be really red wine.
Fuck off.
Fuck your pet
That is correct. Thank you.
"Yo Luke, I'm your daddy bitch !"
Why ? Only porn was banned
That's how you know it's clean
Hellraiser. It's probably not as scary a movie as some of the others but I saw it as a 9 year old and was scared of it for years.
They named him several times as someone else
You gotta explain why too
Tried it twice since it keeps coming up here but no, it's weird.
No, he's a robot
Sponsorships and prizes in tournaments, playing for the company to showcase their games, even streamers in a way.
Oh cool
Magic hax
What's the deal with that anyway ?
Just throw a steak on it
He's supposed to be just standing there
So there's other land masses with their own unique shit going on in the GOT universe ? The white walkers are essentially just threatening one continent ?
God damn this is the worst
Not in California but I lose almost half my paycheck to taxes
He seems like he genuinely enjoys posting and almost all his stuff is new to me.
Thickest
Is that bike just as gorgeous IRL ?
Dude, Where's my car ?
The planet is 97% coffee
Dude built them wings in his garage to fly
Other dude in Gilmore girls.
I'm not convinced Y is all bad. Letting Mekhane run unopposed might be just as as bad.
Thank you !
Why is this funny or witty
What ? Just keep punching him in the face.
I actually had a three year old aunt when I was younger
It has a offline mode. Don't know if it works.
Black Adam ?
What is this doll
What is this though ? Is it an ad for Disneyland Paris ? I can't play it right now.
Yea I don't think you can fix this
It's trash but it's got Cthulhu references in it
What is love
Crack is pretty good yeah
Everybody involved was straight
Did you find a fix ? I changed my router and now have the same issue.
What else would they do with a bat
Plus there's all that tentacle porn
Kinda want to see that new black mirror but every episode is so depressing, gonna wait till the holidays are over
Thanks
Jesus that is some high level writing.
How do you not throw up after the first bite ?
I'm going to have to rewatch with this comment in mind &gt; Still not enough? I have more Go on then ! What else do you have ?
Netflix ?
Boys have a penis. Girls have a vagina.
Is that actually canon ?
I went to one and that seemed depressing. The cats weren't active and didn't seem too happy with the crowding. But others might be different.
He's kidding lol
I agree with your criticisms.
Zoom in enough and you'll see holes
That would be a pit
Remind me what a stoma is please. I remember it being something I do not want to look up.
Venti donut
You guys are killing me
Was it Clippy ?
I got a job to go to, man.
Full screen calls is the big one. I'd like to be able to turn off wifi and Bluetooth from the control center. I don't want to hear notifications when I'm on a call. If you get a call waiting during a call, it will keep beeping till the call goes away. You can't mute videos when you're on a call, say if you just want the video. A Settings icon on the Control center.
It already did
Somehow it never comes up in practice
That seems reasonable ?
Firehouse doesn't have as many salad options as Subway does. It's what I normally get. When I do want a sandwich, Subway has more bread varieties. And more veggies. And a drive through. And they are somehow always 10 minutes away from my location. Less important but they're cheaper. /End Commercial
The other Subway guy said you can charge for just bread. Can you confirm ?
I don't know dude. It's pretty close.
How would you add these as a shortcut ?
That did work. It does make things a lot easier. Thank you !
That edit just looks too much into white knight territory. She seems fine.
http://www.reddit.com/r/iphone/comments/bwesv1/redesigned_volume_control_confirmed/epxgosn
Are those three really considered one word each ?
BRB gotta go hit on HR
Does Hank Pym count
All this is just workplace hot
Before humans ?
The second one's probably free
Grainier than you thought
Regular
https://youtu.be/gSiQdEwPF6o
Nice
Na Na NaNa Na Na NaNa Dende
That's clearly not what he said
Why do you think you are struggling to achieve this goal ?
I know, me too man.
Smaller phone tend to get forgotten
Of course the reporter was working with the other villain here.
3001 Marv ?
It's makes me think of soap 😀
Pretty cool. How did you do the blackberry ? I've been trying to get my blackberry sauce right for a while and yours looks great.
That's a pretty big range
I'm not sure what I'm looking at. Is earth that dot in the middle of that line ?
Protest is about Hong Kong signing a treaty with China
Master bait
https://youtu.be/7qKcJF4fOPs
Angry Birds Technical consultant ?
I don't think that name was ever actually used in the movie. The name comes from the name "Mar Vell" of Kree language anyway.
IDK I only remember them using her name
G
G
It's a picture of a storm and the actor's name is MuhQueen Daniels.
Look I see your point but /r/JesusChristReddit
What if they use a safe a word for actual firings
Cuz it's forbidden
That's still murder plus the moral issues.
I've only ever felt sleepy from it but gf says it helps her nausea and appetite
&gt; People pull the plugs on people all the time, how is it murder I'm not a lawyer or law maker. Those are the rules is all I can tell you.
Amazon must have gotten in on it too
Oh yea that
What is that
They didn't bring him back
It says twice
Unclaimed ashes
Do they think they own that lol
How would you know if they did
/r/SuddenlyGay
What's that from ?
And that would mean, a woman's body with a man's voice ? Please correct me.
Where do you watch it ? Thanks
u/nwordcountbot u/dookie_boy
Unfortunately they turned the story for Sabrina around where even though they had Satanic elements in the show, Satan is characterized as unquestionably evil.
Beautiful
A lot of times family ends up donating so that might be how
Hence the dislike. There's no double standard.
Also where did the name beanpole Bob come from ?
Which city ?
"Chill, it's just a flag" is a terrible reason. The same argument could be used for a Nazi or confederate flag.
R
O
I want my money back !
I fap to you fapping to him fapping to this.
Also important, they seem to confirm whatever destroyed Enoch's planet is in earth
Why ? From the root word ?
Didn't his body sink in water
I mean Liv was asking around in the previous episodes about him. How did she learn the name ?
Have we seen him before ?
Upcoming what series
Now Kith
You can't take the sky from me
I see Jennifer Connelly has been doing great lately.
Is there an issue going on with Lightpack not delivering on something ?
Dang it. There doesn't seem to be any viable product for this application.
It's fairly common to baste their steak with a bit of butter ?
How was it breathing out of water
You can still have random except these three people
What company ?
There's a person inside. The whole thing is about 7-9 feet tall.
Gently rapping, rapping at my chamber door.
And I am annoyed they replace her with a different, less attractive actor when she gets powers
What is a down, if it's not too complicated a question ?
Nah. It's just an outrageous sounding article to get views.
Why does he have that name if he's catholic.
Does it mean something else ?
Because it's not "wrong" as per my religion among other reasons not relevant to this topic.
Wall paint comes off with soap and water ?
Movies like that sure, but Friends was just entertaining as hell.
We know ✋
Apocalypse is just a dude with powers
Thanks !
It's edible but tastes bad
/r/DesignPorn material
I love all these suddenly subs
Yeah I see what you mean
That's a very good theory
But guns are mechanical not electronics. They should work.
Well what did you expect, that dude would breathe fire ?
Oh that's great. Guns do have an element of chemistry. How about crossbows which are pure mechanical ?
Purple
Borderlands 974 confirmed
Thank you !!!
Thanks. I had trouble hearing.
Will Google or Echo work properly though ?
Not while Captain America was around.
It was God's plan all along to unite us this way.
I guess it could explode
I thought The Office was going away from Netflix this month ?
The look alike might simply be a descendant.
Are you sure it wasn't protagonist ?
I like to pretend I'm playing football while running and dodging the fire
I guess because he really really gorged right before that ?
Wait what is this blooming ?
Driving license, passports, credit cards, bank accounts, all kinds of insurances, bunches of other paper work
Hot dang ! Best lovers in bed lol
Snow piercer ?
Don't gatekeep. Dubbing opens up a regional work for an entire world of people to appreciate.
There's always the option of subtitles but dubbing is pretty important too. Different strokes.
Formatting. Paragraphs or something man.
"We hope you will fly with us again."
Ow Oof ouch
Like sticking a butt plug tail up her ass ?
Were they like an annual award thing ?
I preferred Light strips on top and bottom with bars on the side instead.
ELI5 what is this What's a flash point Why is a low flash point good for stir fry
Did Good omens even have anything critical to religion ?
Also the weird bit was it wasn't advertised on the website and you could only get the sale price in store.
The final configuration I settled on was two strips and two bars for the TV. The strips look better on the top and bottom as the lights look even, with the bars on the sides.
React ?
Crest mouthwash is no alcohol.
I need a source for this shit
But the speaker volume is so low
Aren't Bonsai like tortured midgets
Although I do wish I had that 20s energy to go with my 30s money.
Episode 1 was 9.5/10 Episode 3 was 2/10. The Skype scene was just so bad.
Also look at 7530/7730
Wait what is this again ?
I figured that but I meant what does Amazon do with this setting ?
Hang on, if I have a video google home, I can request songs on youtube without a Red subscription ?
Post back on how it was
&gt; Any tips https://i.imgur.com/G8gF7rV_d.jpg
I need that regardless. Really tired with setting Kieran Lee yet another time.
This comment is so cute, I just want to non sexually cuddle this guy to give him warmth.
Look into play bars. You could do a light strip on the top edge and a play bar on each side. It's a tiny bit more cost effective.
What size TV
Keaton the new Stan Lee
Why would you get the outdoor model
Can we all focus on that user name please.
In this universe she was a Batista.
Did OP not notice the chief was played by two different actors ?
Hell yeah that was a tragedy. Even Pennyworth would have been something.
That's Jack Kirby
But I forget this after a while and get sucked in by the name
Ooo nice
Is that really a big deal for something like this ? Most people would only have one of these.
Why was that final scrapped ? I was always confused why season 2 episode 1 was really the season one finale redone.
Honorary mention for the Gotham TV show. That series had so much heart.
Depends on the language used in the contract. There will be a clause regarding repurposing the material in question. I doubt corning would care if the glass was repurposed but the vantablack stuff would likely be required to be unchanged.
**EVERYWHERE**
Hello ! Never won anything so here's my shot ! Thank you regardless.
Very nice speech. How long before they try to get a sequel out of him now ?
LE TITS NOW
Taking offers for my account right here folks !
Is it mutations ? The show had him born normal and then worked on by presumably the sorcerer guys.
Yeah I just bought a new TV. I'm good for the next 5 years at least but I can always buy a sync box.
Jay was on fire this episode !
Like those full body pillows with girls on them that some guys bang
I just put my phone on silent so I don't hear her.
TIL it's not just a straight regeneration
The OLD ONES better be Lovecraftian Gods !
Jesus Christ
Exactly !!!
You didn't have to sit through that song, bot.
You're trying to power on the fire stick from the sync box ?
It's like the difference between zero and null
Color of the moon
Circe
Combination office chair/shitter
I need an IOT version of this !
It's an ambilight TV
I thought they were gonna pray to her and revive her that way
Wait where
Oh hell no. They had fantastic costumes and make up other than this.
Vlad the Impala
The what saga ?
Mother figure mah cracka
How much does it cost
Do you have to setup a NVR to record you mean ?
I know right ! That would have been great
Sir
Darn. I love that feature.
Basically the big picture
Do we know this for sure ?
Double length
Ten
Ok I do not get the ending
That second sentence ain't good.
Watching TV, movies. Occasional gaming. What else would it be.
And I'm sure those animals would kill those people if they could
Not if they are worn for survival
Without powers she really doesn't fit
His heel theme. He is in the match. https://youtu.be/uDt-TAvc6zA
The first Calzones were just a pizza folded for convenience.
Why would you have to change the chassis size if you are simply replacing a module ?
Most all his movies are quite enjoyable. Non of them are going to be classics but they are great for the moment and he does that very consistently.
How long should you quarantine
Absorbing stray fluids while breast feeding.
Do you like it ?
That's definitely how I want my food delivered
No idea how old she is, but even as Sabrina, I just see her as a child.
What are those things exploding all over ?
Goodness some of you are weird. You asked if the movie has the same concept of "five people in one" like Flashpoint did. I answered no.
Basically if you prefer IPL or ZPL
Hello ! You guys are great.
Invisible not invincible lol
Is there a tutor you can recommend for German ?
They prevent aiming Source: Have an erection
You're a hard one
Farscape - it almost never gets mentioned and is criminally under rated.
They're tiny top hats for slightly bigger ants.
With four balls
Damn 🤯
What was the grind ? I just had it in my inventory so I might have unlocked it by accident.
What is the building in the second image ?
I don't but I almost exclusively use Lmgs. ¯\\_(ツ)_/¯
They might have spent 100s of years developing time travel, they way they keep teasing how long she was gone.
How much does he cost as well, since apparently Ray was cut due to cost of his effects and his actors fee.
Alcohol is natural too. Chances are they didn't know about weed or didn't think it was a big problem when they made up the rules.
Noooooo
She wanted to leave the show ?
I love looking at this pic side by side with wolverine from the first movie.
I'm confused how you have a year old reddit account but have never heard of Tumblr. It's kinda cool.
It couldn't be just their dad or their mom. Maybe it had to be a combination of both bloodlines - so only two keys.
Yeah that was nice
I just watched the Diggle bit with the Green light. Is he going to be in the HBO series ?
But they said he's dead ?
I honestly feel the actress is miscast. That along with bad writing, makes her come across as very unlike able.
Pat has to have money saved up. He doesn't have a day job either. Late edit: he does have a garage now
Well duh, he's the villain. But he's not going on a killing spree simply because cancer.
It's hard and expensive to get the setup just right. I really like mine now that it is setup.
I'd say make a separate post about the lag since I've never heard that before. I meant setting up the lights to work exactly as you want.
This is such a custom meme, what else could this apply to ?
It doesn't
Basically who isn't a super amirite
Slims have the amount of cream I want but the cookies are too thin.
Lately the sewer area is doing double duty as its own entertainment area.
Extremely relevant https://youtu.be/aYO3LLC3omU
No, it's meant to imply the poster is suddenly gay. Guy watching lesbian porn isn't gay even though the porn itself is.
It's because most people including myself don't properly understand it.
Wait what was the crossover
No its not. The indoor is brighter.
But isn't beastly attractive to many ? Thinking Conan the barbarian or such. Most people at some point would be into getting railed by a strong willful sexy caveman.
Does their brutality know no limits
Eh
Why
The chess game with Fenris was also a good example.
_Adds to list of bad ideas_
I think he is supposed to be back around episode 6.
Wait that's not her real name ?
Awesome
How to lose your hand 101
There is an entire sub devoted to this recipe
Although we'll never know the truth, It's a very convenient gap in his appearance that made a lot of us believe it was intentional to explain expanded universe stories.
Can't confirm but I'm very sure they have not met at this point.
Goodness now that's unpopular
I can't believe white pepper is not made from pepper !
Cute and a very clever take
Where were you from before
Qatar pounder with sauce
Dude only lives in cities called Jackson.
You should see young justice
Where's Stephen Colbert at
It used to be
Why is it also known as that ?
What are the Federation defense plans for Minos Korva ?
Just call someone when you're having a heart attack although that shit does need to be fixed.
WHERE'S VIRGIL !!!
What stereotype was Brooklyn brawler ?
I wonder how much fun they had "decorating" that set
Lol we all had the same thought
Snowpiercer when
SCP 001
Banging
No but lingam means penis
Specifically their HMI factory talk view software.
Why can't you run inside a VM ?
Hawt
Like literal shit ?
That red color is so perfect
_And then after the wedding, the bride and groom loved and cherished each other for the rest of their lives._ So cringy lol, but I do get his clarification later.
A waffle house at 02:00 am ?
Wat
Someday they will be black and that day I'll consider them
What would you tell them ? I dropped and broke a bulb, can I please have another ?
Would someone (me) who has no idea about any Zelda lore be able to get into the game ? Edit: Thank you everyone. Edit: stop replying to this please. I got enough answers all saying the same.
Isn't Ted Knight the Starman who died in first episode ?
Two more days !
Oh yeah I actuality noticed that myself and thought it was so dumb !
It's photoshop
No green card or permanent residence ?
Is a joke
That's what I mean. If she's a green card etc then she wouldn't have to leave upon your passing ?
I got everything in my shield except for the three kills. Are there any tips other than playing hardcore ?
Must have been really drunk... wait
You should be ok if she has a green card but I'm not a lawyer so you know... Maybe confirm that
Is the pink stuff mousse ? I don't think it's frosting.
He's probably going to get the idea to operate on her mom while he's testing her.
Jemima: Who ?
You can't possibly do all that in one day. You don't even know who they are.
What's the logistics of this ? Is someone holding up the baby like a football ?
What a fantastic username
She is so well spoken !
I can program a robot and setup a cell needed to do a project but how do you guys learn the math required for jobs like this ?
She was celebrating in front of a line of bodies
Wouldn't that be great though
She acted really well in Iron Fist
Whatever works for you. I prefer milk.
Well he sold a woman one time
Doesn't testing require training ? I had a buddy do at least three months of software testing training, although maybe it's easier for game testing.
What if we gave the big cats a bunch of sand to shit on ?
Hey its me your cousin
How do you unlock them ?
When you say bullet lead, do you mean aim higher than where you want it to hit ? I mean for a stationary target.
Still WTF.
I'm not really sure what it does so I don't know if it is true.
Oh dammit that was impossible.
Oat milk baby
Sure but the original point was that one is way more dependent than the other.
I'm confused how that makes their economy weaker.
Posting her subreddit. It's not that weird
