Why did I come to this Reddit
Trade?
EG so desperate for a lan win
Good
how long should the delay be? 1 hour per game?
they have no viewers and the ones they do have are only there to get a free item
you are fucking high if you think its ok for teams to delay a start of a game that long. I guess fuck the other team the admins the production (if any) everyone should wait for PPD
So if you make $32k a year your in the 1%
am i supposed to feel bad that i have money in a saveings account?
Is this the one they knew wouldt survive reentry?
If Facebook paid for the broadcasting rights to the event I don’t get what the problem is.
Well ESL will drop dota now
Why not if your going to fuck organizations out of broadcasting rights why should they host any events?
Hope everyone remembers this when grant or ppd are casting over moonduck games
I think its time we look into EG paying VP to throw games. What is its now for VP 0 and 10 vs EG?
when you can only beat teams in the loser brackets. No your not
if you take all the salt out of the oceans won't this effect the life in the ocean?
Do you guys really think he got tazed because parked illegally ? Watch live PD and you will se how things simple can turn on a dime.
Bu bu but we hum along to his song that means he is over right ?
Can’t wait for more piss poor writing and plot. As they rush to end the series.
How does Bama get away with it
Cheers
How many of these stories pan out?
The UN should do something
Bu but they beat teams in the loser brackets.
Correction she left because they wouldn’t toss every person accused into a dungeon
This would be a good time for the women’s rumble match
Commercial break?
Ric what are you talking about
This has gone on long enough
I think both
Hopeing
Why is this the first match
Nice botch
The women’s match last ?
$800 phone needs food stamps
Let me know when someone good comes out
Shin ist going to get over
So many botches
Got rid of shin and finn
Nakamurphy is fucking awful
Oh god don’t let him talk
Wtf was that
Women’s rumble last? Looks like I am going to bed early
Deserve.....
Crowd dead
Can’t wait to see women’s matchs on the prescience at WM
Prob ko or Zane
Yes welcome to Reddit
Nice botch
Sasha Botch
Yea I remember all the riots and marching when Obama won. I remember every award show bashing Obama . Oh wait no I don’t remember that
Are you saying the bashing of trump is equal to the bashing of Obama
So gallows and Anderson just left ?
I love how you can’t say anything bad about the women on this sub with out the cult showing up to downvote. I hope the women do main event Mania then we have to hear how “ historic” it is since that’s the only way they can build women’s matches. I say make smack down a women’s only show and let’s see how they do i the ratings.
Wtf
None of these guys have touched a women
Did japan not have any Anti air or planes to counter attacks
Please start doing wha chants
Lol USA chant
MAGA
I smell a tag match
Let’s have a tag match playa
You can hear a fuckin pin drop
LaBron should get traded to the Bucks
This Gif is outstanding
Seth “fuckin” Rollins
Maybe you will get one then
Will not buy
has Bron killed JR yet?
Why because they didt hand you 100 rare wild cards?
Do you think F2P shouldn’t have to grind?
This is very true upvote
They are about to give everyone 1 or each mythic and 1 of each rare and in some cases 4 of each in the new sets coming out and giving every 1 a tier one deck to play for free what else do you want
Good post should be pinned on the front page
Yea that would get people to spend money on the game great idea /s
If you’re not spending money I don’t think you should have a t1 deck in 2 weeks time
You should learn by losing . Are you saying you should get cards for losing?
The real issue with the economy is everyone wants to net deck or play a deck some streamer played that are full of mythics and Rares but don’t want to pay or grind out to get cards
"they did't give 10 rare wild cards per week so they must be EA"
There is always someone who is a better play/ has a better deck. I think when they fix the match making it will take a lot of these issues away. But keep in mind sometimes your opponent just draws the nuts and beats you
I really have to ask what people are doing with there gold / wild cards. are you using gold to open packs? are you buying packs of the set you need cards for? why are you only running decks that need 10 rare and 8 mythics? Can you not find a budget way to build your deck till you can get the cards you need to replace them?
see you when the game goes live
To many people are trying to netdeck or play the decks of their favorite streamer. Find a way to build a budget version of a deck and then add in cards as your open packs / get wild cards.
I have to call photoshop on this
I have a honest thought but the mods will ban me
Well said
And it only took 2 hours to play
Kids from HS. People who net deck and get mad they don’t have all the cards to finish the deck. People who have wasted their wild cards on decks that are not very good.People who watch streamers who have spent $600 on the game and they want to play the same decks but don’t want to spend any money on the game The biggest issue is that this game is in beta and their is a small player pool. When the game goes live the math making will be better the people with T1 decks will float to the top of mmr and the F2P players will have to grind it out and move up the ladder. Till then we will just have to listen to the same ol pissing and moaning
I am going to boycott by buying 90 packs
It’s not broken just because you don’t want to spend money when the game is in BETA
It’s in beta small pool of players and they are going to adjust he match making
EG OMEGALUL
we have been telling Nahaz to stop cutting people off for 3 years now
server crash?
yea going BACK to the airport
done
is EG losing really a spoiler
They won’t do it because this is Reddit and 40 Pudge sets would win
the loud minority here won't even spend 5 bucks to draft you think they are going to Monthly Sub?
let me guess you bought 160 packs and you think you would't get any grey ?
Libs love echo chambers
So its WoTC fault that you spent money? They could do Draft like that they do quick constructed and just not let you keep the cards. And the only thing you win is gold
Offlane?
What does r/competiveoverwatch say about this
This should go well
Don’t ever get married
But it’s not afternoon
A control deck would just counter everything
Didt read but draft
Supports are generals cores are grunts. Most cores are to stupid to figure out the game is won by destroying the throne not who has the most last hits or most expensive items.
Hey man the game is only 4 years old give them time
Nice you still use this deck
Can i ask what you removed / Added? I have a similar deck
Harm my kids
Ok I laughed
When the brewers win it’s ok to overreact calling yourself the 2015 royals and planing your World Series party. But then the Brewers lose to the garbage of the MLB its not ok to overreact . This sub makes me laugh
This Part is a joke give me wild card equal to the cards I can now no longer play
Omega lul
Awful
The teller laughing at him omegalul
4 go big or go home
I guess the hope is to play QC and get 7 wins so I can also bye packs. But I think I would have to switch to control
Thank god that guy was joking
Forum posters won’t spend money on drafts or on packs but we are supposed to believe that you will spend money on cosmetics???
What value does your digital play mat hold?
And here ...... we......go
Closed beta
Nothing is ever good enough
Brian “ white lighting” scalabrini
Lul
What how do I go back to old Reddit and keep it on me reddit
I hope they win
Until the NBA stops the best 12 players in the league from going to 4 separate teams its going to contine to hurt the product
omega lul
yea so fun playing U/W every game............I could play 3 games of dota in the time it takes to play CC. And thats saying something
The female cast ist the issue it’s that they have now made the same movie 4 times
Yea because women love big balls
Blue white Control is what everyone plays in arena
man someone at valve has a real hard on for EG. How many chances do you need to give them?
So when EG loses in the quals what’s next some random team will have a passport issue
Jesus Christ man
i run 20 to 25 lands in my deck....
Good
great way for your esport to lose all credibility. What your saying is the NBA playoff should have LA and NY no matter what the record because ratings........
Expected it to be awful. Meets expectations
No I would like to watch good games at the biggest event of the year
The why have points ? Just invite the top 16 that get the most views.
How is it in CC
Use the gold you win to buy packs then .......
Lol game is bad
Magic has always had a meta
And what was it before that? 8 Control decks?
Aggro decks exist because they are the only thing that beats control
It ha happend to me yo
It’s a private matter why is this on Reddit?
Yea keep voting because you don’t like the truth
Just pick your counter spell or sea away and be done already
Good the should be banned cards anyway
Will try
Yes I used it to win game one
Wrong in chess I get to make a move. In magic on turn 2 my opponent with one blue and one white mana has to spend 3 minutes looking at what card to play
It’s not gay unless the balls touch
Try the mute button on dota 2 instead of reporting someone who asks you to stop feeding
Then just make them friends ?
No that don’t work
Control is hard lmao....
That looks fuckin amazing
Is that him on the right
It’s a known bug that’s why people do it
Where you able to block 43 tokens
lol in for this
Don’t make excuses for him
Gold watch gaming laptop my heart bleeds
Trex. Raptor
Bron to the bucks
Bold strategy Cotton let’s see how it works
“Some slant”
KO
Yea we need more control decks /s
At least red can end a game in 5 min
what are we LoL now?
because they don't want to spend 50 min in game
yes everyone love a hour long game where you can't play any of your cards. And you just sit and wait for tefari to get to his ult
Still time to get in on the NA qualifier
How much do you give to wedge each month
Is this Valve or Riot
I think to many SJW are rooted in at WoTC and we will never get our hobby back
Giving him the name Rainbow during pride month how interesting
Maybe its time to hang em up and go into the booth
He only eats tacos from Mexico
thats a good lay up percentage
Any other feeds other then twitch?
Mtg master race?
Like what
No way you can no this as fact
Man any thing to get EG to TI Jesus Christ
When does eg lose?
can't wait till they finish 16th again at TI
Nothing I’d rather be shot in the head
6 months
Yea I need for research
Moe Green
Does clay have hamstring issues ?
What is ASMR
They don’t even look fun
Fumigate shouldn’t work on artifact creatures imo
Never see mono black
Grandpa likes em young
Reddit mods on a power trip? What else is new
I have been banned from league of legends Reddit
What the asking price
Cowabunga
Swore ?
Weak ass briefcase shots
The Virgin males of this sub will lap it up
Froze
Truck get hit with lightning?
What?
No more punisher?
To many should lower to 10
won't load won't end Outstanding job Valve
The top ranks are only control decks
No
None because they are all copies of dota heroes anyway
Shilling
This guy....
Save up 100,000 gold no chance
Wow that’s pretty good. Did they do one for each set?
what if the person saying it was black? also LOL at you having to police chat from saying "words" that offend someone. When we raised a entire generation that is offended by everything.
Don’t forget the hooker he had in the car and the high crime area he was in
Why cut him?
What ever happened to the authors of pain?
What
Jesus......
I don’t get it
Take 10 to the face
Stop buying the compendium
No I want to see mine and my opponents mmr
If some one says a word in chat that makes you racist? Get off your high horse
I view it like a chess rating . I want to know where I am rating wise . Also keeps WoTC honest in matchmaking
If a person is streaming they need to watch the chat to make sure no one is offended?
When does NA start
Nothing? No no one is going to to do anything
Skywrath or silencer
Yes they will bitch and then buy the compendium next year
HOF all day and a 10 bell
How the fuck can anyone like this “sport”
Give me a break 90% of the time the trip and then act like they stepped on a land mine
The worlds best
So basically the right thing to do
Take your ass back to league thanks. Try being a grown up . Use the mute button for words that trigger you
Garbage sets game modes that don’t work but this sub can’t wait to S valves D
Why is this a thing
Because if your deaf you can’t hear the beat
Someone is looking for Reddit gold
Nice
Bye
I run into U/W control about 50% to 60% of my games. I am starting to think MM is based off the deck you play
I feel asleep waiting for a U/W player to play his 4th seal away. Woke up my turn in the middle of my 2nd time out
Of your going to play control 75% of the time everyone is just going stop playing
No 2h Giant. Shhhhhhiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiit
Oh don’t say anything to the cab driver Sami
Are you going to tell Vader to go back to his room
Good the BP gets worse every year
Turn 4 it’s to late
75 people in a 12x12 room looks like a big crowd
Hopefully EG gets caught doing the same thing
1k Reddit so mad
No
Tell us who it is man
It’s only ok when Nobel prize winning Obama does it. Omegalul at the UN
Awful. And you all lap it up
Twitch on mobile can eat my ass
Good JOB EG
they only reason u/W wins games is because they put the other person to sleep or they don't want to play a 50 min game so they quit
i take it EG is losing
so good vs pub teams
Mother of god
TiL HoTS has 12 pro teams
How can EG get eliminated
what is the difference between the two
as compared to what? RDW and UW are in EVERY game type
Jesus Leviathan can you act like you want to win
This is false
Once a lane of rax is down the concede option should be available
Would he have a job with out purge?
If there is a 3 way tie and 3 slots why do we need tiebreakers?
The media in Milwaukee will think this is the funniest shit ever they still Talk about the “ Freak in the bed “ vid. Shit is so cringe
Play control
Everyone plays red because it’s the only thing that can beat boring ass U/W control
Nice you have guided for anyone else
Yes and no people build decks for what they run into. Now I am gold rank 2 I think and I play vs U/W about 60% of my games kinda forces me into a deck build
Please anyone but EG
Look at these EG fans coming out of the woodwork
None of you post when they lose
This is why people hate EG. The team plays like shit but still gets direct invites to every event no matter how they place. Then when they can't even get enough points to earn a spot at TI. Valve gives N/A 3 spots hoping that EG can get one of them.
Living the dream
Getting mad at online words. What a time to be alive
God we are going to do this shit all summer an’t we
I bought 90 packs have opened 3 free packs per week and somehow I am still missing cards
ah yea yes the OLD i am F2P and i don't want to grind gold to play in X format post.
So would you play 1000 gold for a phantom draft?
King of the pool
Sounds great/s
He prob used to spamming U/W
Calling someone 12 when you prob laugh at every Slacks does....
Give me karma
net deck a singleton deck and get to it
Can't exit game. Can't open ticket. Force shut down of game does nothing
Yea look how good Illinois and Detroit are doing
Did they say any thing about Vader
Wow normally it’s Nakamura eating the dog
How is this downvoted
Outstanding
Congrats hope you enjoyed sleeping
First strike? Chainwhiler? That black card that gives all creatures -2
Will try
Where can I watch the match
Your directly or indirectly effected by every thing
You play control and your mad he is wasting your time?
Is anyone here lotus ranked?
Mtg arena is right around the corner
Spring in a long time from now
Ummm what do you Artifact will be?
it should not be allowed in magic
They are not gone. How many games a trashed because someone is doing a cavern quest
Your dad 6’3 or 5’11?
I would rather have 4 AI bots then human teammates in dota 2
Polish
He was going to testify that Sammy the Bull orders him to kill a cop. The fbi agreed to look the other way on the killing in order to get him to flip
Is it?
Well he watched his dad kill his older brother so yea that’s going to fuck you up
World Cup IIRC
We are getting closer and closer to having to fight these pussys
A hamster in a robot my 5 year old loves it
My 3 year old loves it
Only 500 million people watching
Dats a doo
this game has been on a slow death for sometime and its not even out of closed beta
Bend the knee
Lul
I hope LeBron goes to GS
Please go to GS
Ignoring them ist going to solve anything
Reddit
To much web
How do you not open this and Laugh your balls off
No
Can’t wait for the Milwaukee radio shills defend this
ESPN wants him in LA so bad
How does it make a lot of money last I checked more then half he teams lost money
LA is trash
Spit or swallow make up your mind
Just play u/W most people quit because they don't want a 90 min game
We have a copter following him now?
Yet he has the ability and does change play calls all the time
JBC is no good
Does it exist now?
It’s because everyone net decks and has no idea how to play the cards they have
Wade is banging that dudes wife
I am sure he is a mod
Yikes
Eventual decline?
It’s to easy to go 7 wins in CE they are handing out free mythic and rare. That’s the issue of anything hey cut back how many you get Edit: and as always you have the F2P peons bitching the most. News flash a company ant continue to support a product if no one is spending money on it.
The White Knights of Magic Will come to the rescue
Magic needed more women so they brought n women with dicks
Let’s see how low we can get that echo chamber
Everything is harassment amiright?
The one with the penis
Time to watch Jimmy H choke it away. Also make it 8 team playoffs conf champs get in
It doesn’t matter
Looks out
Make your own drama
These refs like the spotlight
Awful
Would have to give killer head to get a car
I need a link
When do the games that matter start
Oh boy
Sup mom
Why is this thread not pinned to the top of the sub?
Does ESPN have time to give us another Clemson stat?
Great full dead sucks hope this helps
Lol Michigan fan
Any one know if Mike Valenti works on Monday?
Leave now beat traffic
Weak bro high 5
Talking shit when you down ten
Thru keep showing mom but not dad?
Laughs in Valenti
?
Mike Valenti
Maybe it’s time we force ND into a Conference
Can’t even beat back ups
How much Puh does that guy get with that hair
Yea
Nd what are you doing
If PH has taught me anything the answer is at least 2
But they played penn State /s
Can we start the other game now
No fat chicks
Any thing to help Bama corrupt ass sport
Refs got roll tide tats on their inner thigh
Lol all of Bama players have kids how can they afford that ???
So I will cheer for the villain ?
Even the ump felt bad for him
Good the show sucks
Lol who cares
I hear r/gameofthrones is lead by Lord Cuckington
No they are boring as hell
This is fine
Posted from your knees
Does she like a finger in the bum?
Well your name is GodAtOverwatch so I think you like the finger in the bum
Who’s the chick
What In the fuck
EG is not used to playing on finals day
Lmao EG
Good job nerd you really showed him
Obama has nothing on the god emperor
The human animal
Can’t wait to see this pc shit
Man fuck this game already
It’s funny because if a card had any cleavage they want the card banned and the post deleted
I play on a laptop and at random times my screen go black but I can still hear music and I can’t even alt tab out to see what’s up I have to shut down my PC . All drivers are up to date anyone else’s have this problem ?
I don’t think it’s over heating I have all the settings to low anyway it happens when Go to a screen like if I click on a general to give them a item or going from the tech tree back the to main map
Garruk. I would bet my house they make him gay in the next set he is in
That dude left his kids behind
It’s funny asmongold always got in. He never has a q to wait to get into the server
Don’t talk about Sean Ross sapp like that
Is being gay above your county now?
Nagas with attitude
R/freefolk god damn it.
God stfu you nutball
Annemae who has 100 people watching her tops. This is a joke
Pretty fuckin sad
Player on the other team goes down and you think the fans should do what?
This is so laughable
Tier 3 dota
Sounds like your triggered
Baps
Lol calling it a “beta”
Wtf is this
Get in and say your a women he will get in then
TIL Reddit thinks Iran is nice and would never do wrong
Put that thing out of its misery
I no longer care when PPD talks
Cut their heads off it’s part of your culture
It’s tome to let it go
Lanzo ball sucks dick
London sucks and is a bust
Sounds awful
LeBron “ I need help” James
A list of his days off
Now take out all the rigged finals games
So what?
Gotta make him look strong
Getting a lil long
Who gives a shot about this belt
You are now born
Fire most of the magic team anyone with blue hair or a fedora would be gone by lunch time. Make counter spells only counter spells of x or more.
Been playing Dota Underlords. Having a lot of fun
Someone’s getting killed
You think cocaine should be legal?
You are out of your fucking mind
Underlords is way better but we get it you can’t hang
What if you cant
This can’t be real
Looking good
7 to 1 time for Rock and BA to start talking food
And waffle house
Unlike magic Underlords requires strategy
Taking tips from Overwatch
Yea I have and it’s turned into play red and just cast burn play what white and cast Winnie and swing or play esper and counter and spare wipe till you get a Teferi emblem . You do not have to think to play this game anymore
Show me on the doll where mark rosewater touched you
Just rockin out
Oh I see you spam mono red
Riley Dennis?
Bullshit numbers . The feed comes up every time I go on to twitch
Anything for EG
Down votes by the cuck minority
And no rings
Oh look the race card
Time to cry how lb should be BO3
Old enough to cross the street old enough to get hit
See: Brewers
Just put a bullet in this game already
Just put in directed cam
This is the dumbest shit I have seen. You have 3 players eating up 95 million in your cap. Just to get LA a ring. I hope this is a historic fail
So how are they going to resign AD
Toxic because after they ran out of his book material the show crashes and burned ?
So everyone should pay because people made stupid choices with their education
Help the person who took out the 200k loan for a useless liberal arts degree. I paid my loans off what do I get? I also don’t want to pay my hole loan anymore make sure you pay that off for me to.
Lol they don’t want the 5/5 flash counter creature back in the game
And the bucks can’t afford him
Any one who signs KD is going to regret it
It’s a joke that the NBA messed up the lotto. You have every FA working togeather to get on the same team the top FAs are going to one or two teams how can the bottom of the NBA ever get better if the worst teams don’t get the number one picks. The NFL does it right
That’s a lot of virgins
Some of that might be fake but a lot of that will be true
