Oooh, I see it now. The glare on the barricade made it look like the end of the figure's wrist, and somehow seeing that made me incapable of noticing the fingers and big gold, which are both obvious now.
Then use a hyphen?
Also, you get that regardless of whose side you're on.
Obsidian is made up of many former Interplay/Black Isles people. The claim isn't that it's "the same company" that made Fallout, but many of the same people.
Wasn't he also, on record, prescribed for that? His crusade isn't against people legally using legal products, whether you disagree with him or not.
&gt;Wouldn't it make more sense here for the wife to actually walk away if he's clearly not interested in joining her for dinner? Sure, but when you're confronted by someone unreasonable, the more mature solution is to avoid them, not stoop to their level
A much more minor awards show, but at the WWE Hall of Fame a few years ago, Mr. T was being inducted, and rather than give a traditional speech about his role in the wrestling industry, he gave a long tribute to mothers everywhere. Sure, it was rambling, but it was probably the most sincere and heartfelt thing ever said at one of their inductions, and they clearly had to cut in and stop him.
Yeah I'm having trouble understanding what this is actually about. Are we complaining about the rope being useless, or people not knowing how to use the rope, or people knowing how to use the rope and the rope being useful but not what we want? I don't follow.
God, a man bun would be such a heel move
&gt;at least [a number greater than 0 but less than the current population of France] dead Damn, when I read 'shooting' and 'gunfire' in quotes, I hoped that meant it turned out it wouldn't be.
I don't get it. I mean, I get all the jokes. They're speaking a language that I have a basic understanding of, and words I understand, and putting them in an order that makes sense. But I just don't understand how I'm supposed to interpret the Meltzer jokes. She gets offended a nonexistent insult, uses it to postulate about completely unrelated issues (issues that actually kind of are more caused by what she did in the first place than the again nonexistent insult), and then here references is at a smug jokes for those in the know? So did she realize it was a misunderstanding? It only makes sense if she's supposed to be mocking herself
forgive me
When that thread about how Fox is going to push for more "wrestling" and treat Smackdown like legitimate sports or whatever, I commented that a big part of appeal was the stupidity and abusrdity and I got downvoted. Where were all you supporters of this stupid bullshit in that thread, it was like universally in favor of shoot-Smackdown.
Dude, I'd take the skeleton side effect whether I get the immortality or not
I like the imagery of this major, high profile boxing match in a village with a population of like, 30ish.
Dude
I don't give a shit about the points, my concern was that in that thread it seemed like everyone posting wanted "shoot"/sport style wrestling and I was just legitimately confused that no one else was speaking up for comedy bits. It's not about the fake internet points, it's just that there was a two week period where I was like, "wait, so most people don't like the goofy stuff?".
And dead online
Shit, that's good. I wrote my notes really tiny on slip about 1/4 of an index card, and then put it on the inside of one of those cheap [pens](https://bestcustompens.com/wp-content/uploads/2014/06/Paper-Mate-Write-Bros-Stick-Ballpoint-Pen-Purple.jpg), wrapped around the actual ink tube inside. I cut a little slice into the end of white part on the writing end, and then I could roll out my notes with my thumb without my pen ever leaving a writing position and ideally it would look like I'm just re-reading what I wrote. I wish I put the amount of effort I did at cheating at actually studying in the first place.
I don't mind his gear as an entrance thing, but I've never liked guys wrestling in shirts. Put him in a one strap singlet or something under the shirt and lose the shirt in the ring.
big if thyroid issue
Whether he likes it or not doesn't change whether I like it. I think coming out like that and just pulling off the shirt would still just as easily make him look like a casual brawler who doesn't really give a shit.
Wait, is this a real promotion that someone does
As much as like most of the current talent, and recognize that many of them are actually leagues better in the ring than a few of the "legends", none of them feel like "future legends" that'll get the same treatment in the future that last generations do now. Beyond Cena and Reigns, no one has felt like a "main character" or pillar of the company. On one hand, I think it's by design - surely WWE doesn't want to build more stars that end up bigger than the company, because then there's no guarantee that they'll come back. But on the other, once guys like HBK and Austin age a bit more, they'll have no legitimate next generation of legends. I'm not saying Seth, or anyone, can't be one, but it just feels like none of the men are given that prestige. Now, for all the faults of the women's division, it doesn't have this problem. Even though the feuds are meaningless and people are used wrong, I do think people like Charlotte and even Banks have been built up to feel like they'll matter even years later as "legends".
The event *wouldn't even exist* if guys like HBK and Taker weren't a big part of the card.
&gt;its exceptionally rare size makes it unique for jewlery uses, and that's a good enough reason for it being worth a fucking lot. see &gt;and not on the market, so it's even useless by a diamond's standards.
Isn't Arceus mythical too though? And if it is, Mew is much as "set" with Mewtwo as Arceus is with the other creation monsters. These are all good and obviously you're allowed to draw whatever you want regardless, I just don't think your justification works as well as just saying "yeah but I didn't draw mew".
I like this cat shirt more than like 95% of the shirts that the Bucks have put out, so there's that
They weren't *exactly* the same, they had like 4 different variations. And in universe it wouldn't make sense to get something for closing "all" of them because everyone just thought they'd keep popping up. You do get stuff for closing the biggest, though not immediately. You become the Champion of Cyrodiil and get that white and gold guard armor.
You're giving us country bumpkins a bad name
Not in NY you can't afaik
oh shit that's the worst part of all this
You can just walk in. You can't get very far and they don't do tours, but it's not like Titan Tower is a well guarded fortress. I went in an hid a DVD of matches from a deceased local wrestling legend as a sort of way of paying him back for helping me with tuition.
When I was young, I was playing checkers with another kid, and we got to a point where there were actually no moves to make. It was the most exciting and confusing moment of my life up to that point.
You retards
My mother got rid of my Dreamcast while I was at school because I said something to the effect of how raising Chao made me feel like I had pets to be responsible for. Apparently feeling "responsible" over a video game was a bad thing and fucked with my priorities.
Damn he's wrecking them like a defenseless monkey
I know a lot of people are tired of the heel authority figure gimmick, but honestly I think if there's not a heel authority figure, there just doesn't need to be an on screen authority at all. A face authority figure can't do anything. Punishing heels would be pointless, it's the job of face wrestlers to overcome the heels on their own. And just having them politely book matches would be equally pointless because we have matches on the card all the time without actually needed someone on screen to book them. Having a face one is redundant and just serves to make a part of the show about someone who isn't a wrestler. A heel at least is a foil and even if comeuppance isn't on the horizon, they're a source of conflict that translates to the ring.
I was under the impression that "gooks" referred to the Koreans and "chinks" referred to the Chinese. note: these are awful words and it's better to not refer to anyone by any of them
Without fucking fail, every time. Everything that's bad is Vince, BUT WAIT LOOK SOMETHING GOOD HAPPENED THIS SILVER LINING WAS DEFINITELY TRIPLE H, LET'S SEND HIM ANOTHER FRUIT BASKET.
Videogame rooms don't require actual physical space. You could probably still do the "it's just another room" mirror with a standing mirror that you can walk behind, the "door" to the other room would just only be visible from the one side. I don't know the specifics of it but impossible space stuff isn't uncommon in games.
Generally that is the case, but when the electronics department is swamped, as it definitely is this season, I've seen the team members let them walk to the main register with it and just trust them. It's stupid to just be trusting, but they're also banking on our AP team who are mostly specifically watching that department anyway. Plus they could be calling security about it anyway, "carryout in electronics" to make sure they're making it to the register.
I don't think the production is geared towards people with ADHD specifically. Kids with short attention spans makes more sense.
Which is exactly why they're trained to prevent this from happening.
&gt;As long as it’s in a language people don’t understand, they’re gonna boo me Nah. Presentation would make a difference. It's how the not understood language is used in context. No one booed Asuka or Nakamura's Japanese just for being Japanese. I don't believe that if someone spoke Urdu right out of the gate they would be booed. Edit: All you've proven to me is that you can't even understand him when he speaks English, let alone Urdu. "**As long as it's in a language people don't understand, they’re gonna boo**" Not "As long as it's in big scary muslim language". *Any* language, *whoops backpedals* Any language *that counts*. And from the very second sentence of my post: **Presentation would make a difference**. If you sincerely think that a Muslim character that was *clearly presented as a face* would be booed just because, *show me a single shred of evidence of similar happening in wrestling*.
Does that mean you're a homophobe
The literal quote is "a language people don't understand", not "a language people don't understand except the ones that don't fit my narrative". Also, you're frighteningly wrong/ignorant.
&gt;This conversation is about the perceptions of the current generation, and what prejudices are being programmed into them Only because you say it is now that it's obvious that you were talking out of your ass. I'm talking about in general, which includes the previous generation, and you even went out of your way to include "generally speaking" and not anything to imply you were explicitly talking about today.
&gt; Both wrestlers are enhanced by having another person do their mic work. It's ridiculous that you'd think Almas and Lesnar have similar circumstances. Almas is a relatively normal dude who wrestles well. That could be said for a significant portion of the roster. Being unable to cut a promo puts him at a substantial disadvantage. Brock Lesnar is a fucking freak of nature. Having a mouthpiece and never needing to talk suits him just fine. Your opinion on Lesnar's promos notwithstanding. Not being able to connect to you specifically is different than being unable to connect with the bulk of the audience. Almas can get by having a manager and an occasional mouthpiece, but needing will make him flounder. Their circumstances are nothing alike. Working for Lesnar does not mean it's acceptable for Almas. One is a legendary boss character. The other is fairly mundane in comparison. One is something unique and almost bestial, something pitched as beyond human and having a speaker, an advocate, plays right into his role as just a force of physical destruction. The other is a really good wrestler who would needs someone to carry him where he'd be lacking. I definitely want Almas to succeed, but tied to a manager who talks for you, you can only go so far.
&gt; Bayley on the main roster: Dopey, shy pussy Which was also Bayley on NXT in the beginning.
So a wiimote
I went to a Kmart in my home town a few months ago and they had Short Circuit 2 on VHS. Definitely worth still existing.
My reasoning is that it's just called ebony in universe because it's black/dark like the other kind of ebony tends to be, and people just know what you're talking about in Tamriel because unlike pedants and grammar nazis on the internet, they can use context clues
Because it's not just the south. "He's a southern Christian so he must be homophobic", as if all of them are, as if only people from the south that are Christians are homophobes. People act like your coworkers in every state. People of any religion or even none at all.
I went with Reigns and the Usos. I... don't actually think I ever encountered them in school and only saw them outside of it in passing, thus have no stories.
I don't remember my valedictorian, but I remember the one at my friend's school and now she's an army wife in a moderately nice cul-de-sac who hasn't worked since her college job at local Hooters knockoff. When I think valedictorian I remember that I'm thinking of high schoolers and don't really use that metric to set the bar anywhere.
At a glance on my phone, it looked like your name was the name I was previously responding to. My bad there. However, my point stands. I suggest that Bayley's change in character on the main roster is an exact parallel to how she was handled in NXT, and the unreasonable claim was made that she was actually developed. She wasn't. But because it's NXT, this doesn't count.
I wouldn't be that turned off by having alternate leaders of in game Civs with slightly different abilities as unlocks.
Escambia, home of the ~~Rebels~~ ~~Race Riots~~ ~~Emmitt Smith~~ Gators
&gt;Reddit silver Now we just need someone with Reddit gold to do halfsies with you
Then you're obviously not the type of person I'm talking about.
As long as the trash ends up in the trash, it's not a littering problem. Yes, there are countless other problems with fast food companies, including with their packaging and waste relating to it, but litter is 100% on the person doing the littering.
While it happened *in* New Japan, it's hardly a story *of* New Japan. It's The Elite's story. It's the story of a bunch of western friends and how great *they* are, not how great NJPW is. As an inverse, Bullet Club was a NJPW story. The Elite is all in Japan, but ultimately it was about westerners. BC was all about being non-Japanese, which ultimately made it *about* Japan. The clashing of styles, the forcing of the rest of the stables to evolve or adapt to handle the foreign guerilla tactics. It represented NJPW having to face the rest of the world and those traditions. The Elite is just "yeah *we're* great, and okay at the moment we're working for NJPW".
If you drew the line at drug issues, there wouldn't be many legends in the HoF
Look at all those NXT stars and also Chuck Taylor
Officer Dinkheller pulls over Brennan's truck. Brennan isn't cooperative. When Dinkheller calls for back up to deal with him back at his patrol car, Brennan pulls a rifle from his truck. After Brennan refuses to put the weapon down, Dinkheller fires and misses from cover behind his car door, which we don't see because it's dashcam footage. What we do see is Brennan, steadily advancing and taking shots at Dinkheller, most of them hitting Dinkheller's arms and legs. Eventually he makes it off screen - to the side of the car - where he executes Dinkheller point blank with a shot to the head, before returning to his truck and driving away. It was distressing enough when I just watched it, seeing and hearing the shots fired and eventually nothing at all except the realization that a man is gone forever now. But then getting the full story and imagining it even clearer - the shots hitting his exposed arms and legs from behind the door, ending any chance he had of escape or fighting back. There was no need to for any of this, sure, but even less so for the execution.
&gt;being a terrible person is excusable if everyone's doing it Alright dude
tbf it's Alex Riley, even the least aware non-wrestler would still risk their lives to get another stomp in
Yeah, I don't know if it was just a local thing, but all my schools had ESE programs. "Exceptional Student Education". Even what it stood for was meant to sound tame. But it was a program for developmentally challenged students, so sure enough calling someone else ESE was a high level insult.
I think they're cute :(
An RV is a home, but not a house
It wouldn't make up for it, but a silver lining would be more all female PPVs to give them a payday too. I wonder if it would it would be profitable if they went around the world with all female PPVs. While the male roster keeps going back to KSA, the women can get their specials in other countries. Give something to everyone. Except Sami I guess.
Company profits don't just go to a treasury that he can withdraw from at his leisure. Of course he gets a salary, but that doesn't work for what you're suggesting.
We got that a couple years ago. Now the area behind guest services where we hold flex orders looks like those nightmare backroom pics people post.
Fuck, even when they're in the store. She sees me three times on the floor, and asks me every time to make sure I touch base with her before I punch out. Five minutes before I need to leave, I walkie her. Two minutes. While standing in front of the timeclock. Three minutes after I should've left. At five I get someone else to chase her down - and then she complains that I haven't punched out yet. I ain't fucking waiting to network with you off the clock.
I was bummed SFxT turned out to be duos of characters from the same roster. I wanted more crossover interactions. Sure, you can just pick anyone, but for "story" it would've been nice.
NXT is barely developmental, it's just the C-show now. People who aren't ready, who still need to develop, get called up. It feels less about improving as wrestlers and more about testing marketability.
That doesn't sound like it's the official name of the country. It's just a statement of what the land was. Like saying State of Alabama.
It's not that Google's the enemy, it's that "Google it" isn't a source, and something showing up doesn't make it reputable. Why not post the peer reviewed study on catnip on dogs?
What you're accusing people of asking for isn't a hypocrisy. They want fake fighting presented as real. Characters that can fight through cartoonishly fake offense that in universe is accepted as real. All it requires is selling.
I'll take the lack of citations in the blog post as I will too. Sounds like the writer just heard something that they thought was interesting. I'd like to actually see it documented somewhere official.
They don't even try to find people's orders if they can't see it in 5 seconds in our store. One glance and they'll call us on the floor and tell us the 50 item baby food order isn't there so we have to drop everything only for it to be exactly where it was supposed to be but with the label facing the back of the shelf and they couldn't be bothered to check and see if the massive bag of baby food was in fact a massive bag of baby food. If they pull something out and knock something down, the second one doesn't ever get picked up, and if the guest comes for that one, guess what also isn't in it's location now? Jesus, the best is one something's in multiple bags in the same location. "FLEX FLEX COME IN HALF AN ORDER IS MISSING!!". It says bag 1 of 2 on it. The other bag says 2 of 2. Come on.
&gt;singular brain cell ...isn't Peter Parker a literal genius? And his whole thing is being clever and witty, if anything he's too OP at social situations. I haven't read comics since the first Civil War event. But... what are they doing
But that's wrong too. His whole thing was being both conventually intelligent and casually street smart. It's what set him apart from Pym and Reed and Banner. He was a genius, but he was also young and in touch with people.
You're kind of a cunt. "Boohoo you said something that is standard for a lot of people but it doesn't apply to me specifically, look at me, I'm special, my experiences are the only ones that count, and your efforts are worthless". I'd say you should be the one trying anal, but with your head so far up your own ass, I can't imagine anything else would fit.
I'm wearing pink and white zubaz right now, they're my off day lounge pants. Girlfriend will never ask me to go shopping on my Mondays off because she knows I'll leave just like this too.
Well duh, everyone is, dude looks like a Denny's regular
Is it possible that the pins were bootleg and are of Geedis for the same reason this sub is named for him, or why the whole thing is referred to as by his name just as much as Ta? Someone just thought he was the most fun/weird design and made a bunch of pins in reference to it.
None of this addresses my question. Did they pervasive accounts of tentacle rape (I need more examples than one wood cut), hentai sex dolls, little girls in school uniforms get groped on buses by old men, the word bukkake, and a whole bunch of perverted shit in the 30s? Gay samurai doesn't really apply to that. What was the "whole bunch of perverted shit" that *was* commonplace when this poor girl killed herself?
Cube World's cool but I would literally sacrifice Wollay on an alter to dead gods for Timesplitters
&gt;In the 1980's, it wouldn't be cheap to manufacture custom pins of a character Why do we assume this was the case?
The best one Fight me
This is the match that made me fall in love with comedy wrestling. Still don't care for Joey Ryan though. I guess I must actually hate fun.
I don't know how I feel about the claim that "it's just proofs!" Sticker sheets are a thing. And a lot of them were that plain back in the 80s-90s.
God I used to spend all night playing doubles with an online friend. I haven't heard from him in years. I don't think I'd be able to get back into it without getting emotional.
It's the same with wrestling. American and occasionally European audiences will pop for anything and try to get chants going. Japanese crowds, pretty quiet, you know something was special when you get a reaction.
And he's pretty good
And you have no idea that's what it was. Reports were that he had already brought it up and apologized on his own before it got huge, and even then there is no evidence one way or the other as to how he behaves and what he's said to his coworkers or what his apology consisted of. Your rule of thumb is nice, but not when you just apply it without any context and assume you know the whole story. Sasha knows Lars better than you do. She knows what he said better than you do. He did something wrong and apologized for it. If you're just going to assume any apology is just a "sorry I got caught", no one should apologize in the first place.
There's not. I think Lars is a piece of shit too, but if every time someone gets caught and apologizes people just dismiss it as not counting then why even bother apologizing? At there's no need for a public apology. The people who care are just going to assume he's saving face and nothing he can do will ever change that. Apologize to his friends and coworkers and obviously they're content to see him as a changed man and that's what matters.
USUM had a movable camera?
Beedrill was always cool, don't even
Are Z moves really relevant to competitive play? I feel like a once per battle essentially one hit KO super effective move is the complete antithesis to competitive play.
Getting with the times this late in the game should be appreciated, but not celebrated Not rehashing for once isn't the same as innovating For a series so old, it's should be considered somewhat insulting that it's changed this little. You could say "well they found a formula that worked", but so has every major Nintendo franchise and every one offers some substantial changes between releases while still retaining the core successes. Pokemon just tacks a new special move on it and calls it day up until now, and what they're teasing now should be embarrassing to brag about because it's the standard for everyone else.
So did you watch the video or just decide that one removed from context quote encapsulates everything that he said? Yes, he says that line. And then most of the video is devoid of information because the interviewer refuses to let him get a word in edgewise to actually explain what he means. But when you actually try to piece together the individual parts of his opinion, it sounds like he what he's saying is that they can't work together because shit keeps going wrong. He's putting most of the blame on men and a bit on women, and he's suggesting that they shouldn't work together because plenty of men can't behave when faced with sexuality. He's saying that sexual harassment is a substantial problem and he's looking for solutions. I don't think he's right either, but this interview is fucking terrible and the guy doing it is completely incompetent and it makes it impossible to hear the guy out. If you can't hear him out, you can't hear the actual meaning of his words, so you're reduced to just taking the quote you don't like and defining it by that. Are you really fucking telling me that it's controversial for him to say that sexual harassment is a problem that needs to be addressed?? Because he's asking honest questions and getting non-answers. I'm not saying he's right about everything. He's not. But what he's actually saying in this video is completely different than what just taking that one quote makes it sound like. He wants to combat sexual harassment, and "unable to work together" is only a part of a larger point that is "unable to work together without addressing problems". **Edit:** I'm totally cool with you downvoting with me because you disagree, but I'd *sincerely* like to hear from you why. I guess it's kind of fitting though, a comment about how it's wrong to misrepresent someone and not let alternative opinions have any room for conversation getting downvoted for being an alternative opinion without any room for conversation. How is it a hot take to say that there's room for discussion when the goal is improving people's lives? Are people just that desperate to hate anyone that might have any conservative views (or vice-versa in other situations, it definitely goes both ways) that you won't even hear them out on subjects where you agree?
You're not convincing me that "asshole" isn't a perfectly apt way to describe him tbh
Dude, I legitimately want to have a conversation. Like, if you think the guy is that wrong, please explain it to me. I'm not trying to be an asshole, I'm not trying to parade whatever terrible belief that you believe he holds. I want to know other people's opinions. I'm open to being told why I'm wrong.
Is there any precedent for something like this? Big E is an """independent""" """contractor""". I could see him being sued for being in breach of contract and appearing at another promotion. But would WrestleCircus actually be in violation for featuring someone who *isn't* "employed" by WWE? Big E would be in breach of contract, but is there a law preventing one company from contracting someone already under contract? Maybe if they featured him on TV or used his name, something like likeness or appearance/name may totally be owned by WWE, but the man himself and his physical abilities?
At the very least being in WWE gives them a better platform to get the word out there. Some like Ali could put a positive image out there anywhere, but being in WWE lets more people see it. Same with Sami. Sure, he could've (maybe he did) done something like this in PWG but as a WWE name there's definitely going to be more eyes on it. Then again I guess that El Generico guy did a lot of good while PWG so what do I know
I'm a degenerate infidel What is this from
WrestleCircus didn't sign that contract though. That would be Big E in violation.
How do you feel about Hitmonchan, Swak, Throh, Machoke, Machamp, and Primape all just naturally having articles of clothing
I think they mean that there were *Americans* in *America* sympathetic to Nazis *during WWII*. I don't even think they were punched in the face, but I'd like to believe they were.
He tried to book a tag match holla holla
It looks like a belt that a promotion that exclusively does shows out of a Legion hall or armory would commission a vocational school's metalworking class to make. It's bad.
I got someone to apply twice. Once with it was someone who was asking about discounts and "you can save 5% just by applying" won them over. Someone else heard the generic pitch once and asked how long ago those words stopped sounding like real words and I said something along the lines of "please help if I knew morse code I'd be blinking help, they have my family, please apply for a redcard" and she indulged me. I told the GSTL that the key is to imply we're being threatened and he asked me not to do that again.
The back being straightened has nothing to do with forcing your hips to move in an unnatural side to side. Y'all pulling shit out of your asses.
Doesn't make up for him not beating Cena in their feud, but at this point I'll take what I can get.
Anthem is the most average, middle of the road, inoffensive-yet-unspectacular game I've ever seen Of all the games to steal, what a boring choice.
Lars didn't commit a crime to be charged for. You could just as easily say that MVP or Booker T only served their time because they got caught. I haven't seen them campaign against violent crime. Anything Lars does to make up for it is going to be deemed as "canned" or forced, because that's the conclusion that you want. Jay Briscoe donated his money from events to anti-hate groups after apologizing, but he's still a homophobe to anyone you ask. It is harder to recover from words than actions to people these days and that's ridiculous. You don't know what his apology was. People he apologized to seem convinced.
nah
See, I think that's a little different. No, he should not be forced to write books that he no longer wants to write, or at a pace that he doesn't want to. But I don't think it's comprable to people wanting Punk to wrestle when he clearly no longer wants to. This is more like if you bought a full price PPV, and every match ended in a count out/run in where no one looks stronger and there's no proper ending to anything you went in for. Nothing is resolved, there are no definitive finishes. You paid the money to get a story. To get resolution, to get a beginning, middle, and most importantly, an end. When I bought the first book, that was on me. When I bought the next few books, it was because of the implication that I was investing in the story. A story has those too. A beginning, a middle, and an end. Had I known then that the story would likely never get a proper resolution, I wouldn't have bought any of those books after the first one. I bought them expecting them to lead into the next one, and the next one, and then to be finished. He got my money with the indirect understanding that I was paying to see this story to the end. I bought every book as a set up to buy the last book. Without a final book, there was no reason for me to buy them. **GRRM does not owe me**, or any of his readers, *anything*. But we are well within our right to feel cheated or bitter towards him. I would not have bought any of them if it wasn't with the expectation that the story would reach a conclusion. If I could get a refund and somehow return the experience (half finished or not) that I gained from the books, that'd be great. But I can't. This isn't the same as Punk. He wrestled, he did his part, and now he doesn't want to and that's fine. Maybe we *wanted* to see him accomplish more, but he ultimately did not pitch something to us and then failed to deliver after running off with our money. But people buy a series of books to reach an ending to the story. But yeah, I can't look down on people being mad at GRRM. They didn't "buy his house", but they put money down expecting something and it not happening makes that money wasted. No one paid for the last book, but they paid for the previous books because there would be a last book.
What's wrong with it? It's not pretty, but I've spent like 200 hours with it.
The judges are making assumptions based on possibilities. What they're saying is not that anyone would make a sound, they're saying that if she did make a sound it would work in her favor.
I also just finished my first completely vanilla run of New Vegas on PC (having played years ago with all kinds of mods). There were a couple hang ups but nothing substantial at all. I had a fine time with both games. SR2 held up a lot worse than NV, but it still wasn't unplayable by any stretch of the imagination.
That only has to be the case if it were SCUBA and not scuba.
Are you just looking for a reason to dislike Big Johnny? That said, I'm pretty sure it was MVP that Hayes was talking to when he called himself the n-word in comparison to Mark Henry.
On top of that &gt;in 2003 the five exonerated men sued New York City for malicious prosecution, racial discrimination, and emotional distress. **Under Mayor Michael Bloomberg, the city refused to settle the suits for a decade, because the city's lawyers believed that the city could win a court case** How fucking desperate were all these people to make these then kids scapegoats? The dude who did it had already confessed by this point.
&gt;NY Yeah, figures. Chances are if I see a car parked in front of a hydrant, they've got a placard. Which definitely does not allow them to do that. But they don't care.
Shloot is a dumb name that can only work for Borderlands special level of intentional dumb I really like "shoot n loot" in the same vein as run n gun.
Just lie and say you have important shit planned. "Sorry, my landlord is coming by" is like my default excuse. I've never even met my landlord, but my ETL needs to understand that after 10 hours of flex I just don't care anymore.
Suzuki is good. It's the world that's wrong.
Softlines in my store at least does have it easy. More than half of them would see that, push the shirts so they're just not hanging off the shelf and fold the top one, and that would be good enough for everyone in authority. The rest don't have to be folded, and the shirts don't actually have to match, just at least be for the right demographic. Button downs will be folded in piles that include t-shirts. Add that to the full 20+ z-racks that just get moved around but never worked and completely un-categorized stockroom, and everyone else is jealous of how low pressure their role is. Props to the few that care in our store and the many everywhere else, I know it's a lot of work.
Yeah, same here. It's almost impossible to find a TM to help guests before 7PM.
Interesting, but fuck your clickbait ass title. It's not solved. You've presented a great theory. Probably even the most likely one. But until we get evidence, which despite your compelling edit still actually matters, it's *just* a theory.
&gt;What’s more important; guest satisfaction or a good number for % picked on time? According to our store's STL and the yes-man ETLs: "Yes" There is no room for compromise. There's also no room for any of them to hop into flex for an order or two and see what the issue actually is.
I know America isn't that great, but when was *legal* immigration ended?
How things were done in the 1800s shouldn't be a standard. Immigration is great. But having a system is important.
Oh that's weird I thought I was talking about American legal immigration
Sounds like you are. Legal immigration is not an antithesis to open borders. The world was a very different place in the 1800s. The amount of people involved internationally and the ease of which there is to travel makes it completely necessary to have a system in place to let these people in. That is legal immigration. You are the one talking about illegal immigration as if it being a problem is a problem. I have nothing against as many Mexicans, Iranians, Chinese women, or whatever people are calling the boogeyman today coming to America as they want. The more the merrier. People should not be prevented from coming and staying based on where they're from. But they should come legally. They should come in such a way that they can be accounted for. Not just for the safety of people already in America, but for the sake of their own, for the sake of making sure they get the support they need to get settled, to make sure they're not being taken advantage of, and yes, to make sure they're not coming in for nefarious reasons. They shouldn't be turned away whether they're from some utopia or poverty stricken "shithole". They should all be welcomed with open arms. After being legally processed and admitted. I don't agree that she belongs in jail for 20 years. But the reality of the situation is that we *can't* just grab people and drop them off wherever. Whether it's at sea, whether at a land border. God no, she should not have let them drown, but any number of things could've went wrong for those people.
I would literally suck a publisher's dick for a game that's an original story just in the Dragonball universe. It can happen alongside established events, but at least more original and separate than Xenoverse.
Your post keeps getting removed before you post it like clickbait spam. You say "IT'S DEFINITELY SOLVED NOW" than then post a long anecdotal theory without any actual evidence, and then some nonsense about how evidence isn't important. It's interesting, and totally a viable theory, but because you have literally nothing concrete at all to contribute to the actual mystery beyond that, it doesn't merit a thread, *especially* one presented as poorly as yours. The influx of upvotes is just how reddit works. Bots will just randomly hit threads, plus, like I said, it *is* an interesting, valid theory, so most users probably like it. But the reality is that evidenceless theories have no place in that sub so the mods don't like it. Plus your responses were fairly antagonistic. You're very unwilling to accept that your theory isn't definitely the right answer even though there's no attempts to prove it. It's a sub where people look for real answers or celebrate the complete lack of one. You've done neither. Your post would probably be very welcome as *comment* in a thread about the mystery. But as a thread were you declare it is without a doubt the only right answer, nah.
Skipping Raw tonight, but &gt;Braun Strowman, Miz, and Ricochet sounds like an amazing heel stable and a bland as fuck face one.
What extremely tiny circle are you a part of that doesn't consider wyverns to be dragons? They're a type of dragon. Wyverns are the type of dragons in TES lore that matter. There *are* four legged ones, like that shit Daedric prince of having a mild cough, or the one from Redguard if he's canon, but it's the two legged race that matters. Dragons aren't fucking real. Unicorns are "supposed to" have cloven hoofs but no one gives a shit about that either.
Skyrim's Nords are a fictional race. There are plenty of obvious parallels to real Nordic people, but they, like the dragons, *aren't fucking real*, and exist exclusively in a fictional universe, where the specifics can be anything they want. Bethesda didn't want to double down on recreating an accurate representation of Norse culture. They wanted to double down on using what they thought was the coolest. That included dragons, but not their specific appearance. Considering the role of dragons in that universe isn't regulated to being exclusive to Nords, it's reasonable. And lame is a matter of opinion. Boohoo they have two legs. They're also super magic and their words can twist reality. That's pretty fucking rad I think, and the bat body type is metal as fuck.
Would wyverns played a role in that 100% scientifically accurate dragon mmorpg
That's rude. Billie isn't that much meaner than Peyton
&gt;I mean, if I’m running an underground speakeasy selling illegal liquor why would I sell shit that blinds or kills people? You say that, but it's exactly what happens now with shit like coke and heroin being cut with detergent or fentanyl.
What about when he was cutting those promos as a face and still pissing everyone off?
I fucks with it
I'm legitimately interested in exactly 0 of their e3 properties, with only a passing curiosity towards a couple that I'll honestly forget in a few hours. But yeah at least it was "here's a thing, here's a thing, here's a thing". It's really ironic that Nintendo of all companies is the one *not* hiding behind its celebrity devs.
&gt;man with a box of baby wipes right next to him calling other people babies I love Pat
I don't know why people compare it to Animal Crossing so fiercely. It's a Harvest Moon.
Link's Awakening DX was one of my favorite games of all time. But yeah, no, 60 is outrageous. Yes, it's a full remake, but it's a full remake of a very simple gameboy game. At the end of the day. The new content will almost entirely be aesthetics. Considering BotW was entirely original content and it was the same price, that's a hard fucking sell.
I don't know the actual implications of throwing garbage on the ground, but I know it's irresponsible to just throw shit around me. People are automatically pieces of shit for littering. You don't have to be educated on what it does. You have to be a tiny bit responsible.
"The War of Northern Aggression"
Plus it's stupid anyway. So he was honest about being a little shit? That doesn't make it much better, Georgie.
I don't really, but I like to bring them over postgame. Then I have my old boys and new boys to choose from, and then they're all my old boys for the next gen. What I do like is re-raising pokemon that I like. I always liked building teams around a Wooper or having the Pidove line as my designated bird friends.
Too be fair, insane R-Truth as a heel was still really fun and could've had a believable title run too.
2009 wasn't as bleak as you seem to think it was. It was mostly dark shooters, but they looked way fucking better than this.
You know how every town has a "bad part of town"? It's that. I wanted to look up demographics and shit on Wikipedia and I found something even better: &gt;The History Channel documentary Life After People was filmed in Gary, exploring areas that have deteriorated or been abandoned because of the loss of jobs and residents. So there you go. Gary is a believable representation of post apocalyptic Earth.
I got off a Greyhound in Mobile, AL. from Orlando with an elderly woman whose luggage I helped unload at like 3 in the morning. She saw me continue walking further toward downtown while she went the other way, and called out to me insisting that I didn't want to go that way, and that if I'm waiting for a ride I should go back a few blocks to the nearest gas station and wait there, inside. I'm from the area and knew where I was going, it's not terrible, but someone looking out for a stranger getting off a Greyhound was just one of those small, sweet, humbling moments that's going to stick with me.
I've been to local indies with belts that don't compare to that
Jericho is a great wrestler, even now. He'll always be one of the GOATs. But that elbow? I don't mind him using it or anything, and I totally get him needing/wanting to change up his style. But it's not great.
Also is whenever something on TV happens they don't like, it's time to insult Kevin Dunn's *appearance*. He's an idiot that makes bad TV. Insulting how he looks is pathetic. There are plenty of viable things to complain about without stooping to bullying over how people look.
Dedicated Business Patron
When PPVs were monthly, some co-workers and I would get together and make a big event of watching them on a big projector at work after hours, all pitching together for food and stuff. As soon as the two PPV idea happened we stopped, due to not wanting to have to decide which one looked better which would require watching more tv. We never went back.
How do decide what kind of person is bad enough to make it okay to wish death upon? If everyone who watched his fake fighting show decided overnight that what he does is evil and doesn't deserve support, he'd start losing everything. But they don't. People don't care. That level of inaction sounds pretty evil, the willingness to accept ignorance and allow evil to exist puts a lot of blame on us normal people, and not just for this. There's blood on our hands and we gained a lot less than him.
If you're going to post your double standards, don't expect everyone to just not address them.
They actually look like metal plates that might have some [fictional] armor ability, unlike everything else lately where it's just "but it looks neat".
I can't believe I'm not alone. I've been throwing just scissors for like 15 years now. It started with the Yu-Gi-Oh craze and just kept going.
A couple of mechanics in the card game, at least in like 2000, were determined by rock paper scissors. Who goes first off the top of my head. Winner picks whether they go first or second. Most kids assumed going first was best, so either I win and get to pick second, or lose and get second picked for me.
I can't wait for someone on reddit to tell me this game was developed by bootlickers and any positive review for it is at best propaganda and at worst racist
Apparently after reading up on it, the terms are still totally used and valid, including to the "originator" of the term, just different than their initial meanings. Packs still only have few breeders, alphas, who reap the most benefits of the group. They might not "lead through aggressive dominance", but there's still a clear hierarchy. So this debunk is stupid. I don't understand the need to bring this up when it's in relation to people make claims about "alphas and betas". Whether it's true or not for wolves doesn't have any bearing on whether it's true or not for humans. You can use the term alpha and beta either way. If you're talking about people and their hierarchies, the facts about wolves don't matter. You can still metaphorically claim to be an "alpha wolf" or a "beta". So wolves don't actually have those. It doesn't make the perceived meaning go away. For the record, I don't think it's true for people either and using the terms is pretty dumb. But they're dumb for their own independent reasons. Them not actually applying to wolves doesn't "undefine" the words. "Alpha wolves" don't actually exist, but the abstract *concept* of an alpha wolf/male/whatever can still exist.
Could be a shot at that era of Bray though. People compared the two a lot. They're both very Cape Fear.
This thread is really helping me, here I've been feeling lame for having had a 1up mushroom shirt.
My comment has nothing to do with that though. Whether or not it's a scientific fact or not doesn't change the concept. Whether or not it applies to wolves or not don't change whether people can use the terminology and their made up meaning for people. It doesn't matter whether it's real science or not, it's stupid to build a human concept off how people think wolves behave, whether the wolves behave that way or not. I'm not saying it's right. I'm just saying that this thread comes up a lot with people saying "HAH, CHECKMATE WEIRDOS" as if it actually means anything at all to them or their ideals - which it doesn't. There not being real "alpha wolves" doesn't mean that there can't be "alpha males" based on that fictionalized concept. And again, *I don't think that way of thinking is right anyway*, I just don't this (half-true) debunking applies in any way. These people aren't building their ideologies off bullshit science, they were inspired by something that turned out to be not-necessarily-true. They're not trying to be more wolf-like. Well, some of them might be, sure. But for the most part, these aren't furries. They saw the concept, or more accurately heard about the concept, and thought, "huh, I like that, it could work for humans". It not being true for wolves doesn't change that they still thought that notion of a dominant alpha could still work. Note: I'm not saying it could work, please don't lump me in with them.
It makes me think of associating lions with nobility and the "king of the jungle" misnomer. Or in an even more distant way, T-Rex being "the king", when in reality it was just another big stupid chicken with an arbitrary name that we've ascribed to it making it the "main character". None of these animals have any sort of nobility or power, but the literary significance is still there.
I like the Dukes of Hazzard's car, is that enough of a compromise?
Why do you think they wouldn't, they let Tana have ROH appearances
Exact same bit or something else?
I grew up with a white shepherd. My parents lived with another couple whose dog had puppies within a few weeks of my birth, and he was one of them. When we moved out six years later, he went with us. He was my best friend. We were poor and moved a lot, so exposure to fancy toys/games and long term friendships weren't really something I'd been able to know. But I always had my dog. When I'd get off the school bus/come around the block, he'd be there waiting for me, having jumped the fence. Sometimes he'd even take my wrist in his mouth and guide me home. Once, he ran away while I was at school. We thought we'd never find him, we thought since we moved so much he might not know where to go to find us. By chance, we found him at one of my old schools, where we did a dog wash once. He was always near me when he had the chance. So when I came home from school one day and he wasn't waiting for me, I was immediately concerned. When I found him in the backyard, hiding under a van and refusing to turn around when I called him, I assumed the worst, even as a twelve year old. I went around to the other side, just to look at him. In my mind I can see him refusing eye contact, but really I don't know. I know I was hurting then though. I brought over his dish of water and some food, and he just looked at it. When I finally went inside, I thought maybe he'd come out when I left, that he was shy. But I never saw him out from under it again. I've always told myself that he knew he was dying and just didn't want me to know. But I also worry that he didn't know what was happening and was terrified and I let him down by not being there. I'd do it different if I could, Rufus.
The one he cheated on with the Nazi?
It's a direct sequel. BOTW *is* the story the connects to BOTW2.
Derrick Bateman was my main reason for watching the old NXT.
It's a direct sequel. You're getting the story that picks up after BOTW. It's BOTW2.
I have to keep track of INFs and shit so I have to turn it on every now and then and usually I forget to turn it off until it starts spazzing out.
I miss him so much. He was such a fun, dopey character, and more importantly he was unbelievably attractive.
I think for the most part in mixed gender promotions, there's too few women to justify having multiple divisions. If WWE writers were competent enough to showcase more than four people over and over and it wouldn't be a travel nightmare, I'd say that WWE would benefit from not splitting the women across brands.
I could be wrong, but I recall something along the lines of Weird Al still doing a show right after he lost both of his parents and saying something about how the smiles he gives to other people keeps him going. It's been a few years, I might be off.
I'm not sure if the plan is to "wipe out the gay strain" so much as it is it just kill the ones that exist and make the rest of them too afraid to come out.
1) The wrestling 2) Ex 3) The event names
I don't have any citations or anything, but I did a report on him in high school and from that I remember learning that the abstraction of his paintings didn't run parallel to being institutionalized or anything. It was a style he experimented with before and after, while still also doing the more mundane cat drawings. It's just the the idea of associating the kaleidoscopic cats with schizophrenia is an attractive one to most people. I could be super wrong, of course. Also he died poor after constantly loaning a friend money for a flashlight patent or some shit.
To be fair, it's not 100% consistent by any means
It's easy, but probably not an interesting way to spend 5 minutes on a stream.
Especially the ones on his neck
People who slept around with Nazis deserve to be shamed
This feels like way too much of a stretch to be a pattern.
It's cool that it bothers you, but your explanations don't make any fucking sense. Just say you don't like the title being held casually. That's reasonable. It makes sense. It's fine. But your explanations are just so reaching and far-fetched it makes you not liking it seem ridiculous.
Jesus christ. Even without controversy, I'm just so fucking tired of the guy. He is the least interesting big scary monster they've had in awhile, and I thought Braun was boring. What does Lars actually have going for him? That he looks like a cross between an Amish person and an entire barn? He can't talk, can't work, he's the next version of a gimmick that is stale even in the best of hands. I hate that he's injured, it sucks for him. But I can't even take the silver lining of hoping they'll find something fun to fill his spot on the card or do something fun with Lucha House Party because I have to dread him coming back at a major event with the same ""momentum"".
I always assumed bagged milk had a little spicket faucet tap thing at the bottom and you just left the bag in your fridge and opened that to fill your cup. Knowing that isn't the case makes it so much stupider.
"hey pal, I know I said things were bad but honestly now that I've got a hot girlfriend it's alright. I mean the booking is about the same, but hot girlfriend, right?" I can only assume these are Andrade's priorities.
&gt; disappointed in his choices. When will people understand that it's not a choice, you're born a huge a asshole
I absolutely refuse to accept that Tokar's not a cool dude with attitude
Patrolling Target almost makes you wish for an Amazon winter
Did you get paid for the time spent in the fresh air
I'll do a podcast on anything if you can get me paid in Omaha Steaks
Literally is literally just being used figuratively for emphasis, something that is both figuratively literally and literally literally impossible for try hards who want to feel superior to wrap their heads around
Some people did, but when it was unveiled it was definitely mostly people being on board with the concept just not the design. And then quite a few people complained when it was only being just for under 5 minute bits in TV, which makes sense since that completely defeats the purpose
You can have a club without it having a gimmick. Sometimes it's just a group of pals.
Too Cool was extraordinarily over for a lower midcard tag comedy routine. Imagine the Ryder Or Riot hype at its peak. Too Cool was more over than that.
Jey has the big cross because Jeysus, I think.
What do you mean, **especially** Awesome Truth
They definitely were.
I understand the reasoning. I understand that it might work on paper. I understand that there might be a small demographic of octogenarians that do really want salespeople who seem involved and knowledgeable and are willing to buy more on that principle. But how do they not understand the reality that most shoppers can not possibly be receptive to this shit? Any time I go shopping, when people start hounding me, it makes me want to leave faster. With less items.
Predicting the Kayfabenews article where they have a second meeting about not wrestling before or after commerical breaks either
I clicked the list out of curiosity and expected sex shit but honestly this wall mounted laser pointer is a great idea for my new cat, thanks for the inspiration.
Finally, a purpose for all the metronomes that I have lying around
Well duh. Who are the current title holders? Seth hasn't done anything interesting since he betrayed the Shield. Joe not being the champ did the exact same as Joe as the champ, I'm pretty sure he even called himself the champ. I can't remember the last time Balor did anything of note. Kofi is who we all wanted as champion, and I do still sincerely believe he deserves it, but what the fuck have they actually done with the reign? Tag and women's divisions are jokes for different reasons. 24/7 title is the only one with an engaging storyline and Truth is a miracle worker with the worst of gimmicks so having one that isn't bad on principle just makes it even better.
I don't believe him about his lies being lies until a verified source backs that up
But the plans do change, how is that polarizing?
During the Kurt Angle secret angle, I insisted multiple times that it was that he had a bastard son and that it was Jason Jordan, just to fuck with the people insisting that the angle was going to lead to Gable. Every day since the reveal, I've regretted not presenting myself as someone with insider knowledge as opposed to a lucky shitposter
Wait, the RedCard discount applies to gift cards? I always assumed the cost of the gift card was excluded from the total that the 5% is applied to.
Goku's a good parent. He's just stupid. Vegeta was bad parent. He's not stupid. He got better though. But also kinda stupider. TeamPiccolofags are *literally* wrong and only know DBZ through memes and DBZA. Goku spent more time raising Gohan than Piccolo. 100% fact. Goku only first ""abandoned"" Gohan when he *died saving Gohan*. Piccolo then """""raised""""" Gohan for a year. By kidnapping him. And most of that year was spent *torturing him*. And even when he grew attached to Gohan, he still didn't show it and was still largely abusive. But I'm sure regarding Piccolo you'll suddenly say that the intentions and the feelings matter. And then Goku came back. And then Piccolo was nowhere in Gohan's life. And then Gohan went to Namek, and Piccolo wanted *nothing to do with helping him*. But Goku was there as soon as he could be. And sure, *eventually* Piccolo warmed up to openly protecting Gohan, but that doesn't make him special. That's something everyone was doing at that point. Piccolo ranks around Krillin in terms of what he actually does for Goku's first born. No one's calling Krillin his daddy. Piccolo being Gohan's caring father figure is literal revisionist history. He likes Gohan. Fuck, he loves Gohan. And Gohan loves and respects him. But that is exactly the same as giving Goku the benefit of the doubt because of intentions, with the difference being that Goku's intentions with Gohan have always been completely beneficial and always worked out in the way that is best for Goku. Nothing he's done has been to actively harm his son, and any selfish pursuit was also beneficial to Gohan. This is not true for Piccolo.
If Goku killed Cell, he would continue to be bait for more and more baddies. Gohan had to be the one to do it, because he was the only one with the potential to be strong enough to protect the earth in Goku's absence - Goku had to leave for Gohan's sake, and Gohan had to be stronger to protect the world in an emergency. Your personal opinion is stupid. If fleeing the earth was a valid option, that is putting the death of *billions* on your son's shoulders, your son that would've otherwise been the one to save them all in the first place. You'd be a selfish superpowered father. &gt;author/editor bias It is a universe completely at the mercy of the author. It wouldn't exist otherwise. It's not bias, their word is god. If that's how it worked out that's how it was always going to work out. Goku was right, and his justification was valid.
You'd be surprised. Wrestling has always been a lot more respected in Japan, and Rikidozan was fucking cultural icon. Hogan in America doesn't even nearly compare.
She's verified as the real Renee Michelle by WWE, what's the problem
Penta being a fun dude is like seeing Undertaker playing Uno
Wait, is that what second graders actually look like I assumed they were high school kids
That makes more sense for huffing whipped cream
You're not understanding how suspension of disbelief works. Just because it has limits doesn't mean it can't exist. Wrestling has fictional rules to how it works. Stupid shit like an Irish whip just works in this setting because the universe says so. Look at it this way - intergender matches. We can have Becky versus Braun, fine. We can pretend natural strength has nothing to do with it, they have completely kayfabed stats. That match has two possible outcomes: Becky wins. Now we have Becky placed over Braun statistically. So why should she continue to compete primarily with women when she's clearly on someone like Braun's level? And why should a women's division exist when within the realm of kayfabe they're all on the same playing field, why wouldn't it just be a completely mixed gender roster? What function does a division serve if you accept that everyone's equal by default? Or Becky loses. Putting the entire women's division that's beneath her also beneath Braun. So we dissolve the idea of a division, because that is the only way to make the outcome work respectfully, regardless of who goes over. Now that might be fine for someone like Becky or Sasha or anyone who can really go in the ring, since we're also completely ignoring actual physical ability and just using kayfabe power levels. But now you're forcing *every* woman to play the rule of the Rey Mysterio, you're making them play the David and every man to assume the role of Goliath just for the sake of making the other look good. Which also presents the problem of the Goliath winning in the end is never that satisfying, amplified even more by being in the context of a battle of the sexes thing. And then after those matches, in matches against the same sex, sometimes they'd be forced to change roles. Lacey Evans might be a tough brawler against the women, but she has to be "the little guy" against most men. Plus it could just be as simple as some men not feeling comfortable handling women like that. **TL;DR,** for some people it only really works in a vacuum in sporadic, rare, special circumstances. Making mixed gender regularly opens a lot of problems for how the individuals are presented within kayfabe. Irish whips work because they conform to the made up rules of this fake universe. It's fine that you like it and that these things don't bother you. That's great, power to you, I hope you enjoy that matches you get. But not everyone is like that. Wrestling is fake, but it's a fake sport being presented as real. Some people want certain levels of rules to that fake setting. Some people want more realism for their fake setting. Some don't. Some people like realistic fiction. Some people like slightly less realistic fiction. Some people want crazy unrealistic fiction. Stop trying to act like people are wrong for having different wants than you. Stop trying to disassemble what they like and dislike.
The whole first paragraph if your post is just reiterating the inaccuracy.
He plays a douchey heel well. But he's not that right now. He's a douchey face. He hasn't done anything compelling since he sold out.
Only when you're moving the goal posts so financially successful is all that matters. Successful could just as easily as mean "successful at producing quality matches". The fact is that if that shitty indy promotion in Omaha is still making enough money to break even and they're satisfied with that *and* they're putting on a great show, they're successful. Turning a profit is financially successful, that is enough in this conversation. Saying "yeah but WWE turns more!!" as if that discredits NJPW being profitable *and* quality is ridiculous.
Coats worn as capes is the sickest shit
This shit's weak. It has nothing to do with signing a contract, it has to do with him no longer being interesting. I'm not giving him a pass because of what he did in the past, he's boring today. And while acting like a child doesn't help. If Ambrose doesn't want to be there, he doesn't want to be there. He fulfilled his obligations and then left. That's not "taking your ball and going home". They weren't passing him a ball in the first place anyway. As soon as Seth or Balor or Becky start doing something engaging, I'll like them again. But right now I'm watching WWE sporadically for the characters who actually bring something to my screen other than the same meandering promos night after night. So Truth, I guess. And ironically Bray, who months ago I complained about. Because, much like Tyler Black -&gt; Seth, when someone changes, I don't fucking owe them to keep my opinion the same.
I never regularly followed his content or anything, but every so often when I had nothing going on, I'd look up his videos. The dude just has such energy, such emotion. It is impossible for me to not just suddenly catch some of his passion, it is so contagious. I'm thankful that I've barely scratched the surface of his content, because, for me at least, he still has so much positivity left to share. Thank you, Etika.
Reigns does a lot that looks *really, really good*. He's not the best in the ring by any stretch, but what he's good at, he's amazing at. If he wasn't pushed so hard, there's no doubt in my mind that people would near unanimously like him.
Listen, Bray. Buddy. I'm really excited, I am. But if I had a dollar for every time I got my hopes for you to do more than nothing, I could probably host my own event where I could book you to matter for a night.
Nah that was terrible too and it feels like that's where Seth got his notes
Yeah it's pretty low but honestly given the premise of why it got out there I've got no sympathy. Cheaters deserve to be shamed.
It's his cheating on his finance that effected my opinion of him. Everything else is icing on the cake. He's one of the best wrestlers in WWE but that doesn't change that he's a shit nor that there's substantially better ones in and out of his company.
Ahh, takes me back. "Look, just don't be, you know, so gay around him" "If they didn't know it wouldn't be a problem" "Maybe you should just say it was a joke and you're not really like that" "*Sexuality shouldn't be a topic y'all talk about anyway*" I never told any of them in the first place. Someone I mistrusted a long time ago let it out, and now getting cornered in a bathroom stall and asked sarcastically "how much to suck my dick" while getting dirty tp thrown at me makes *me* the disruption.
Literally *nothing* should be more important to school administration than the safety of the student body. That should supercede even education. And letting a student like that go untouched is not safe.
I live in an area with a lot of Dominican and Puerto Rican neighbors and I've heard some pretty vocal pro-Trump anti (illegal) immigration comments from them. More often than not it's along the lines of not liking Trump but being on board with him on immigration, but there's definitely a non-zero amount of supporters. And *a lot* of hushed gossip about who's illegal and should be deported. I'm sure most Hispanic Americans hate him. But it is definitely not unanimous. The sentiment my neighbors often seem to have his that "I came here the right way, if *they* can't, they don't deserve to be here".
I assumed she was an ant for some reason
Idk, it's just a sexy gyarados
I don't have to know. Cheating is wrong. Full stop. Even if she cheated first. The right answer is to leave, not cheat. I'm not judging him based on outrage, I'm judging him based on something he did.
Am I insane or was Charlotte's early NXT run like that? I feel like she wasn't WOOOing and shit.
They don't though. They're pretty tame by mecha standards. They're not like super superfluous shit like Gundams or Evas or whatever. They're just humanoid mechs. It's definitely a vague eastern influence more than anything else. Plus them being one of the only actually reasonable factions in the settings earns them harsher criticism.
Even old New York was once New Amsterdam
&gt; benign explanation for the name A lot of people just using the word casually as a synonym for "people" is one
Yakuza 1 and 2 were pretty poor the first time around
I always liked the one legged tights and asymmetrical stuff Material's shit looking though
Don't fuck with a man's hair
TIL some made up organization with zero authority made up some rules that no one will ever care about
Okada's pretty charismatic, it shows even through the language barrier But if we still personified concepts and qualities as gods, the Rock *is* charisma in that pantheon.
She was a rugby player, cut for being too aggressive
I think it's easier to list the people in the world that Cornette doesn't dislike
This is how I book Universe Mode tbh Can't program Balor and The Demon as separate loadouts for the same character, so fuck, they're both on different shows.
tbf I still look down on people who don't get Jack Swagger of Mars references
I left a box of box cutters in a jacket pocket once and fucked up my ex's mom's laundry once. Ex was a nightmare but her mom was the most wonderful person I've ever known and I'll always feel guilty. The least I can do, after constantly trying to make it up to her, is be paranoid about leaving shit in my pockets now
&gt;Once he casually told his mom he needed some help with bills and she deposited $20,000 into his account. Fuck, I told my mother that money was tight and she told me I'm not pretty enough to earn money on the corner in our town
Oh yeah, and what will I see? Near unanimous posts about him being great but not the best, and then *maybe* if I sort by controversial I'll see something like the ones you and u/PrettyPunctuality are describing? There was never, at any moment, any threads were the prevailing opinion was that Seth was a bad wrestler. None. There are a few sporadic outlander posts that have that. But most people have been complaining about him without saying he's a garbage wrestler. It is possible to think he's somewhere between perfect and terrible, it doesn't have to be one or the other, and you don't have to describe everything as a hyperbole and act like the sub is flip flopping. You don't have to lie and exaggerate because people are tired of a wrestler you like.
Dolphins are toothed whales. Orcas are whales.
Yes?
Closing flex-opening flex every Friday-Saturday, I don't think I could do anything to make it worse
Literally just installed it through the website, nothing of the sort happened. Maybe you agreed to something on the redirect instead of skipping, maybe it's a coincidence. Regardless, CE has given false positives for years. It's entire function is what a virus does. If anything, if you're *not* getting an alert, you should be concerned about your virus protection.
Numbers can't hurt you
It's not really. I've got some pleasant family members that have jokingly threatened to beat my ass like a rented mule for minor inconveniences. If it's an obvious joke then there's nothing wrong with it, it's just not for you.
Eh, that's pretty standard for guys his age where I grew up. Not that one exactly, gut gaudy "high tech" looking stuff like that. I got called quite a few homophobic terms for having a tame looking Opinel.
I'm not convinced that the Space Wolves didn't have wolf heads on their bolters
When you just don't take 15s at all because no one is willing to get trained in flex
Thanks guys, rub it in more
The water isn't *that* bad if you clean the bowl regularly. I wouldn't drink out of it or anything but if my tub couldn't hold water, I don't think it's that unreasonable. For a normal person. Not a billionaire who could just get a footbath.
I don't necessarily think that the President has to be an expert on those things, that is the point of having so many different pieces to our government. That said, with Trump's claimed reputation as a business man, he should be.
It's scummy if it gets stolen but the silver lining is that his legacy lives on in the use of the item. Even if they don't know or care, they're keeping his passions alive.
I missed this match but seeing this comment makes me hope for [Evo Moment #37](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KS7hkwbKmBM) version of the [Matrix Minute](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=z983jDb2Iag)
While annoying SJWs are totally a thing, acting like they're a boogeyman any chance you get is way more annoying.
Wait, fingering his own ass? Ain't nothing wrong with that. Naysayers haven't experienced real bliss yet.
I don't want to trivialize what he was going through personally by pretending that I could've made a difference to him, but as an occasional viewer of his that always walked away feeling better than before the video, I wish I had said something positive directly to him instead of just "lurking". I doubt it would have changed anything, but he deserved to know every bit of the good he did.
Yeah, fuck that *worker*, trying to *work* while we goof around
Sure, but expecting them to realize anything is pretty shallow. *They* didn't realize that people have a job to do.
People said the same about Kenny Omega when he was just that gaijin in DDT
For real tho, is SamSho PC still happening?
catorce I'm at a place called vertigo
And I think you're ignoring the parallel trajectories. You're disregarding the comparison because "haha Chuck Taylor is a big joke, he can't do serious competitor matches". Kenny Omega used to be a big joke.
&gt;getting frogged I'm sorry, what?
I live in a neighborhood in NYC that's divided between black people and Dominicans on one side and Jewish people on the other, and everything you're saying sounds like nonsense. Plus minorities in minority dominated places in NYC are more likely to deal with supers of their own race than landlords, I feel. I mostly live in Dominican areas and even though my landlords were probably white or Jewish, I may have only actually encountered them twice and instead mostly see Spanish speaking supers.
It looks like the lady getting up and walking away is what stopped it. Did you watch the video?
&gt; but you'd recoup those costs by selling the poster at the merch stand I don't know if many artists would be okay with that, would they?
Miz and Maryse lost for nothing
Wasn't half the point of this sub a response to thicc asian thursday being banned from r/kappa?
I like your store. I got coached for *asking* if I could have a display.
I've already played a lot of PSO2, and I definitely plan on supporting the official English release. But I'd rather a sequel more in line with PSU, honestly. PSO2 gets *too* MMO-y with its mechanics. Part of why I stuck with PSObb for so long was because it felt so different from the traditional MMO.
With this new year, I hope your mother finds it in her heart to give you the hug you've so desperately craved
I got told that it's store property even when it's damaged and being gotten rid of and that asking to take it is tantamount to asking "hey is okay if I steal something?". It was (allegedly) worse because the lead I had asked said no, and I jokingly asked if his answer would change if I gave him 10 bucks, now making it bribery. This is regarding the big cardboard hamburger and flamingo we had hanging for summer seasonal.
Just because his work friends insist he was a nice guy doesn't mean he was.
What a powerful quote from a guest speaker at a Klan rally who called former sharecropper Joe Frazier an Uncle Tom. Something about that makes the quote feel disingenuous and more just about him wanting an excuse to not go versus any poignant quote on war and/or how his people are treated.
The difference is that Pat's wrong and will accept that he might be wrong, but double down on being *openly* wrong just to upset people. Woolie will insist and insist because he read an article's headline once.
Until it goes on for sixth months and leads to nothing else, just like these Truth segments. Truth can turn lemons or dogshit into a lemonade but you can't live on lemonade.
I was thinking this to.
The Clone Wars concept is a weird one to me. You mean to tell me that there's a faction in this war that's primarily fighting with living, breathing, thinking, *feeling* soldiers that were *grown specifically to fight and die* with no other purpose, and they're led by a fatalistic religious cult? And they're supposed to be the good guys? I think we should hear the Separatists out, because if this is how the Republic operates, it might not be the best choice.
It should be on the benevolent republic to say that growing people without free will is unacceptable and refuse to use them
Any organization willing to take advantage of something that evil should be defeated.
If anything it sounds like he's mocking himself by being his in character a-lister self
It's the socks that tie it all together
At this point I'm waiting for Jericho to be sponsored by Nord VPN or Raid Shadow Legends like every other youtuber
*sadly looks at liar's handshake*
How does weakness to fire and resistance to fire work
I don't agree with questioning whether women should main event, the option should always be there. But I do understand the logic of the question. Yes, countless guys have had shitty main events. And when they do, the question should be whether they deserve it or not. The reasoning could be that the gulf in skill between people like Becky and a lot of the other women is so significant that the best/one of the best not being up to snuff implies none of them are. Again, I don't agree, but it does highlight a type of problem, that the pool of potential female main eventers is just so small. But the solution isn't "don't main event women", the solution is to give more women more opportunities.
I've been rewatching Ranma ½ and this is the biggest take away
Breeze is up there with Gable as guys I can't fathom why they'd cut their hair
"Doing a Sean Murray" would require more transparency than none at all. That's a guy/team that failed to deliver, acknowledged it, responded to it, and doubled down on doing everything that they could to make it right. As someone who felt cheated by the original release of NMS and even now, I'm still not a huge fan of the product as it is now, I definitely have the utmost respect for how they handled it.
Honestly I thought the Gungan tech was really fun design-wise
If Broken Matt is involved with the Dark Order, they stable and Matt will both be DOA to me. If BIG MONEY MATT is involved with the Dark Order, I'm fucking down
Maybe I'm biased because I prefer DB to Z, but I'm just so tired of replaying Z's story with a slightly different framing every time a game comes out. I bought both Xenoverses and I know the mid/late game changes but ultimately it's still begins "alright so let's just run through the basics again". We know the story. Even Spider-Man these days has stopped shoving Uncle Power and Responsibility down our throats *every* time. If I can't just have an original story set in the same universe, I'd rather explore parts of the old story that we haven't drowned in yet. And that's just narratively. Never mind that the fantasy martial arts of Dragon Ball just makes for a more interesting fighting/combat focused game than just throwing energy beams at each other.
At this point I'm less bothered by the Pokemon being cut and sold back and more just disappointed by everything else in the game. I'm with you dude
&gt;Awesome Kong with Jynx See, I was gonna be like "wanna try that again", and then my first alternative was Primeape and realized that would be just questionable.
Pikachu would be more like Cena or the Rock. You should expect him by now. He's more like Eevee. Just shoehorned in as "the guy" on Pikachu's level even though the only time he ever mattered was as part of a bigger group with more interesting guys. I love Roman and am just salty that Eevee's the second mascot now and not Clefairy who's a much more appropriate parallel to Pikachu if there had to be one.
It's only gay of balls touch
top arc strider with liar's handshake, dodge right into groups of 'em what doesn't kill me will only make me stronger
As someone who read the comic first, watching the movie really made me feel like the squid monster was stupid. The world responding in the wake of Manhattan as a way to both unite the world and get rid of him ties it up much better. We're definitely in the minority. That said I didn't really like the movie.
Yeah my bad finding people sexually attractive is a no-no Sorry in case you can't tell from your high horse, but "/s"
Because like the space squid it introduces a problem that no one, not even the US has a grasp on, and convinced the masses that he's really not on anyone's side, but unlike the space squid it doesn't involve introducing weird bullshit and ties itself into a "subtle" (blatant) "nukes/MAD bad" message by making the problem a living breathing nuclear weapons.
From now on, whenever anyone questions some useless piece of trivia that I drop, I'm attributing to a "dancer" explaining her name origin.
Then it's win/win, I don't have to put up with a finance and resource drain and you don't have to put up with my cursed bloodline
Having spent 17¢ on Brink, I'm pretty satisfied.
Most of them do, that's not exactly a controversial statement.
This might be a controversial statement, but when you have such a powerful and useful resource that no one else does, maybe you should plan your play style around its strengths and weaknesses instead of just expecting everyone to stop shooting you when you lay one down and then complaining that other people have a resource that does different things with their own set strengths and weaknesses. Dodge has no I frames, you can't attack during or cancel out of it, it's easily telegraphed so you can keep shooting at them and know where they'll be. Hunters have a tool to *get out* or in. Warlocks have a tool to protect them when they're *already out*, the aura is built around *staying out*. If you're a sitting duck with the aura out, you used it poorly. You get a powerful heal. Yeah, I guess a hunter could heal with their dodge too, but that means you let them get in enough to punch you in the first place, and you have a toolkit that should easily allow you to pick them off at range.
If you didn't want your dog to gnaw on your monadic privacy you shouldn't have spread peanut butter on it
It's to a lighthouse, there's only so many of those in a given area
Yeah but he is, are you one of the mad hoes
How is there not one that uses a wiimote as a lightsaber?
I'm just concerned that there's that many combo videos for Imagine Babies
So what's broken about the quest? S8 is over. Where does it say it's explicitly available in S9 and not just ambiguously later?
Adam Page's gimmick isn't that he's a cowboy, his gimmick is that his gimmick is that he's a cowboy
I can't wait to see what happens when he's faced with a map including Niger.
But you're using WWE's spotlight as that opportunity. You can't beat the fed by riding it's coattails. Promoterman *needs* WWE in this case.
You're not following the conversation then. The comment thread was explicitly about the sort of people that talk shit about WWE and look down on it, while at the same time only being able to make money by taking advantage of it's popularity.
But that's The Boss Don't Solid Snake and Venom Snake Big Boss fight in Outer Heaven?
The big difference between Byleth and Terry is that Terry represents something that may very well just be "not for you", while *another* Fire Emblem character is another Fire Emblem character no matter what. It's not that Byleth beat out my pick, because I didn't have one and I sure as hell didn't want Dante. It's *why the fuck do we need every Fire Emblem represented*
Yeah I don't really get why they're treating this like a mic drop, "your face" is on the same level as "ur mum"
Like Ric Flair going to the top rope, only it finally pays off
My ex's mom asked me why all the cows stood in the same direction while grazing on the hill, and I told her they were specifically breed that way so their rights legs were slightly shorter to better facilitate life on farms in this area, and that there were specific breeders for each side. She bought it. She's not usually stupid.
My former STL was a David and also a *David*.
He's a cool addition and I don't mind it but it is pretty confusing still
Hey brainlet, it still means the same shit. Just being qualified to perform research in psychology doesn't magically give you the time or means to get airdropped into a third world country and carry out research there. Whether or not it's good, all inclusive research doesn't change the amount of "fucking, **duh**" of the statement. It is every bit as innocuous as it's painted.
I lived through the late 80s and 90s and pagers were pretty rare. It was only the kid from a well off family that had one.
The service that the bus provides is transportation. The surveillance system is there for the drivers and the company. It is as much a part of the bus as the gas and tires, which also aren't there for you to just have access to. Plus it's a school bus. It may or may not be a public service. Some cities have privately owned bus companies.
I'm downvoting you not for expressing your opinion, but because of your pretentious whining about downvotes. I like CFA but it's shockingly average in every regard
It's still a single source that could be heavily influenced by money. What if it's in their interests to not portray certain restaurants in a favorable light because a competitor might be sliding them money? I'm not saying that's the case, but something sounding like it's an "expert" doesn't make it the end all be all and you shouldn't buy into that.
Everything ends with you dying if you wait long enough
The people working on it are the same people who released the Gentlemen of the Row patch/mod which made it fairly playable in the first place. If you haven't tried it already, you should. It's not perfect but it helps.
I used to work in a setting like this. I worked at the front desk, reception, and there were a little barrier blocking my desk from view of anyone coming in. I would keep take the tiny styrofoam shot glass sized cup back to my desk, drink from it, and refill it later. My supervisor told me I wasn't allowed to because having the cup at my desk was a bad look for visitors. I was already told I couldn't keep my own bottle, so I asked if this meant I couldn't have water. No, I just had to throw it away at the fountain and get a new one every time I wanted water. Later they replaced the cups with the shitty cones.
I've heard reusing plastic water bottles for drinking actually isn't very safe. I don't know if it's a tinfoil hat conspiracy or a valid one.
Miz was pretty much just Honest Man Jericho
Yeah, I can't take transformers seriously because of these names. Optimus Prime sounds rad. But then you get fucking *Rodimus* Prime. As in Hot Rod. Hot Rodimus. Fuck off.
[philanthropy](https://vimeo.com/147767325)
I don't think "Ambrose" was at the start that Moxley is until that happened though. Sure he was more over than Harper in WWE but not substantially in the end, I'm sure if Harper had presence on TV he'd be somewhat comparable. Harper's not going to set the world on fire but I think he could be of value in the same way.
&gt;Jon Moxley was a main eventer and a WWE Champion Emphasis on *was*. He was also a fairly uncelebrated one and spent most of his time post-Shield, especially at the back end of his career, as a slightly elevated midcarder. Yeah, he was over Harper in the end, but again, he wasn't that major of a WWE star at the time, especially not compared to how Jon Moxley is regarded now. The level he left WWE at versus that level he's at now is so substantial, it's not unreasonable for someone at Harper's status to have an equally radically shift.
Doomguy doesn't do subtle
Didn't he uses to always stay in character though? Like even when doing interviews that seemed OOC, he'd sprinkle in just enough kayfabe to work both ways
What is with this nonsense narrative of the Guardians being obscure? They had major parts in cosmic Marvel in the years leading up to the MCU finding it's footing. They weren't known to the non-comic reading audience, but they were pretty popular characters among readers. If there was ever going to be a movie heavily involving space travel, they were obvious additions.
Get the old era Guardians out of your head, they may as well be different characters. The 2000s era Guardians were major cosmic Marvel names as significant as the Surfer.
What, who's the Marvel equivalent between a dark match between Yoh and some LA Dojo Young Lion? Speedball? Wundarr? All the dead kids from Avengers Academy? Nextwave? MVP? Anyone who wasn't part of a team with a heavy role in major universe relevant crossover events? People who even in their own setting don't fucking matter.
imagine being so triggered by trannies that your brain shuts off and you deny the reality of them actually being more actively involved in the community you think you're a part of a precious snowflake does more in the fgc than you do, they deny their nuts but they still hang further down than yours "oh anime games don't count" bitch you don't like sfv or mk, what else is there, are you really telling me some games just don't even fucking count "50 people is nothing" sorry how many people are in the tourneys most of us are showing up at? 0 because we ain't
"do it, then we can both go home"
I see Jericho's opted for the moral high ground this year instead of [using women in bikinis as part of his sales pitch](https://mobile.twitter.com/IAmJericho/status/929002314811273217)
Oh no yeah objectifying women prior to obtaining any consent by making them a "perk" for men to buy a ticket is totally not a scumbag move. Yeah it's not the worst thing in the world, but you know who cares about demographics? Jericho obviously.
Chris Jericho almost literally says "buy a ticket because there will be a lot of girls in bikini". A salesman telling you why you should buy something is a selling point. Get your head out of your ass.
To be fair to you, I posted this tweet earlier in the thread as a response, and there I'm being downvoted so yeah the sub has both sides and everything in between
The worst thing I've ever seen on this sub was being spoiled by the shot of [SPOILER'S] tron because that would've been amazing live
Obviously it's not super relevant here, but I have a question unmasking in more traditional masked wrestling promotions and like lucha libre in general. If someone's mask is removed mid match, whether by a heel/rival or accident, does that "count" as an unmasking, or does it only matter when it's removed as a stipulation or through "plot" relevance? They're still allowed to "remask", right? Because I've seen a lot of dudes who's masks have been absolutely shredded to the point of them not even really being there anymore.
I always assumed that Becky was winning, and Charlotte winning confirmed that But I'll never get used to Asuka tapping
After seeing Lesnar's reactions to Keith Lee, imagine how giddy he'd look when faced with a saiyan
I'm glad it went as long as it did, it ran a nice gauntlet of Lesnar moments. I do wish some guys got slightly better showings, even if they'd still get ultimately tossed out, like Cesaro or Nakamura. But I wouldn't trade what we got. Serious, confident Brock. Angry Brock. Jovial Brock. Brock dancing around to MVP's theme, Brock chilling with Shelton before the obvious turn, Brock actually basking in Keith Lee's glory because finally this mountain among men could actually give him a fight. It was a fucking adventure and Brock shows great charisma when he gets the chance.
I don't know anything about either, it doesn't make your dick bigger, right, just get harder faster for longer?
Because they're talking out their ass. First of all, all companies profit off of people choosing their product, that's the fucking point. Second, people aren't all choosing porn over sex or to influence their perception of sex. Some people just want to get off and sex isn't an option. You can have fantasies without it effecting reality for you. You can have fantasies while also having a healthy sex life. Using porn as an excuse is just making a boogeyman for shitty people. They'll assuredly chime in that people wanting to get off when sex wouldn't be appropriate is the problem, that sporadic desire for sexual gratification is tantamount to crippling addiction, which is just bullshit puritan nonsense.
I learn this with a pallet jack every few days
Because WWE is so hit or miss with actually creating an emotional or powerful scene that it's easier to show the tv audience people emoting the way they want to insist to you that the moment actually has the emotion or power they wanted it to have. It's like a laugh track.
I'd tolerate Roman's vest a lot more if he wore tights/trunks with it instead of the cargo pants. One of the first things I do in the semi playable 2k games is come up with new gear for him. Would a centurion look with like, the belted skirt be too on the nose?
I don't agree with what I'm about to say, but typically the response is that with something like 300, the buff, sexy, perfect men is a male power fantasy. Leonidas is what men *want to be*, designed by men. Bayo is what *men want to see*, designed by men, not what women want to be. [The response to that is sexually "perfect" avatars of either sex are being used by everyone for anyone](http://i.imgur.com/qPnk0C7.jpg)
*glances nervously at our store's sub 5% INF for the first week*
This touches on something else I've always though: I want more minority representation in the media that I consume. Different races, different sexuality, different sexes, different gender identities. I want everyone to be able to have some kind of representation. What I don't want is authors being forced to have those kinds of representations. I want them to be able to write what they want, and if what they want is things they more likely identify with, straight white men, that's fine. If they want to write about other things too, that's fine. And just have more creators of those backgrounds to enter the field and write what they're familiar with or what they want to. And if a gay black female writer still wants to write about a straight white dude, it's still fine. And here's where I realize my brain might be broken: I don't understand why a white man writing about a black guy with the problems that a black guy might face to show representation would be different than blackface. It's still just a white guy pretending to know.
Yuuup. I had a medium C9 sweater in my cart, order was for an XS. I had it so I could show the DBOs and ETL what I was looking for, see if they'd seen any. ETL says just give them that one. "Well it's a sweater, a little bit bigger is good for the cold, right". When I tried to tell her that that's wishful thinking and this will probably upset the guest, she said "you already cancelled two items today, do we really want a third?", like guilting me into making shitty decisions to make up for our store never being audited. Great. Thankfully I came in today and found a small, and the guest hadn't picked up yet. So at least it will be *less* wrong. But they keep drilling into our heads that INFs are terrible because those are "guaranteed sales" and the guest will likely continue to order and shop when they come in to pick up. And yeah, you're right. But you know what else? A shitty substitution is a bad experience.
"internalized sexism"
We're a really high traffic store. Last year at this time 20% was our team's average, but we've been putting a lot of effort into cutting the right corners and had been knocking it down to 11% the week before last. It felt great. But the leads got greedy and thought under 5% should be doable, and wanted us to cut even more, and I don't feel right with that. Locating items from the floor, fine. Substituting higher quantity items for missing lower ones, fine. Brand name instead of Up&amp;Up, fine. If we were breaking a rule that didn't hurt anyone or giving the guest a better deal, I thought it was alright. But now we're getting told to give them worse substitutions or the wrong size clothes, it's fucking ridiculous. If I don't do it I get chewed out by the ETLs, if I do it, I have to get called back to OPU mid-order to explain to a guest why they received something clearly wrong... and then get chewed out by a different ETL for not challenging the first one hard enough.
Yeah. It is totally a real thing. But not in every instance where it gets thrown around.
I'd much rather see some Berserk book ends, y'know
That doesn't change it. A big part of negativity that other social media platforms create is that it causes people to unfairly compare themselves to the idealized snippets other people's lives that get shared. Whether or not they really know that person, directly interact with them, or know them as anything but pix and a @handle is irrelevant.
So was dolphins, and he wasn't even an insider. His claim was that he knew an insider who was feeding him the info. Now, maybe someone was feeding him info, but it was just betting lines. Anything he was wrong about was something the bets were wrong about, nothing he spoiled was anything that wasn't up there to bet on.
ew, ruined it for me
IT'S TIME IT'S TIME IT'S TAKEI TIME
It doesn't show well in this, but clips of Styles dancing are amazing, the contrast between his awkward dad upper body movements and *educated feet* is hilarious
"real life shit poster" is a fantastic gimmick
Is that racist? I grew up in the South, I'd say "black folks" where I assume more people would say "black people". But I also would say "white folks", and I say "folks" instead of "guys" when addressing a group of mixed genders.
I can't think of anything more jarring than that typeface and a rainbow
The donation is awesome and a donation drive would have been great. You could have even put up a redirect or a link to a singular fundraiser so the whole community could get together and actually do something instead of nothing at all and then acting like doing nothing is helping anyone. The shut down was roughly the equivalent of THOUGHTS AND PRAYERS though. It helps no one, wasn't even a part of the concentrated Tuesday blackouts, only affects people that already have an opinion one way or the other, and does nothing to influence the ones with the more harmful opinion. Congrats on taking more steps to feel superior though. Again, y'all's donations? Great, I'm glad it happened. But you did that on your own as personal choices so don't bring that up for real life karma, and it's not like shutting down the sub is what allowed you to do it, or funded them, those are two completely unrelated things. You could've done that with it left up, you could've done it as part of a community effort.
Shutting the sub down did nothing to raise money. They put up their own money. It would be one thing if the blocked sub was a forward to a donation. It was not.
&gt;transphobic Did Gargano ever apologize?
I wish more CEOs were will to jump into the front lines of their industry. If Vince can have a WrestleMania match, Target's CEO should be a black friday cashier.
Have the other two turn on Ryker because jaded military or not, they stand with their marginalized neighbors. Then go back to being heels the next night.
Those are both talk shows where the entire point is bringing in celebrities. Wrestling celebrity tie-ins are something they want to feel like endorsements of the show.
His dick is twitching
He tweeted that transwomen "still have a penis and are still weird" a few years ago.
Cool but I'd still rather be on top, carrying around everyone else doesn't feel like a good time.
It's possible to like something accidentally while scrolling or like something to save it later for discussion or something later. I'm not saying that's the case, but when there are clearly other explanations you can't call it "pretty open".
Layla has never not been in her prime
Is Tiger to Tigle even an obfuscation or just a mistranslation because of Japan's r/l thing
Hogan's tapes were 8 years ago, does the cool down hit for him in 2? Lars' comments were around the same time as Gargano's. The movement may be different now, but being a bigot hasn't changed. If he hasn't even apologized, he shouldn't be forgiven. Someone who was a transphobe is still a transphobe if they've done nothing to suggest they've changed.
Nah, just push broom it into a garbage bag
An N-word laced tirade in private that he knew was wrong and has never, before or after the tirade or before the leaks, ever said or done anything publicly to have accusations leveled at him versus being openly and publicly transphobic on a public platform? Yeah, they're completely different - Gargano's was worse, it was in public. Unless you're telling me Transphobia is more forgiveable than racism. I'd rather you be a private bigot to no one but yourself than openly hateful. He's said nothing, people just forgive him automatically and pull double standards out of their ass because they like him because haha he wrestle gud.
Encouraging protestors to gather is a thinly veiled attempt to get more minorities, poor people, dissidents of the "establishment", and otherwise undesirables infected, and prolong the virus so they can continue using it down the line to push things like curfews. Removing critique from looters is a thinly veiled attempt to keep the left and the right at each other's throats so we can't unite and focus on the real us vs them, the super rich suppressing the poor. For a conspiracy sub, y'all get played way too fucking easily.
He still has a an edgy design and it's still stupid. Dante would be a much better character if he didn't look like he was designed by a focus group of people who were assigned to come in with one "cool" design trait that teenagers like.
That's why he needs the class
Dan is pretty viable in 4 tbh
I hate the Street Profits They're too fun and cool and make me feel self conscious and inferior part of that is /s
&gt;In 1999, O'Barry was fined for violating the Marine Mammal Protection Act as the result of illegally releasing two dolphins that were not able to survive in the wild. The dolphins sustained life-threatening injuries. Wanting to help is great but please know how to help
When you keep an animal in captivity for long periods, you sabotage its ability to survive in the wild. If it literally does not know what to do out there, how to get food, what to avoid, where to go, it will die, and you're condemning it to that death. This is why animals are rehabbed before being released, if it's even possible.
YOH vs SHO semi finals do it you cowards
If you were born and raised in your cage your entire life and were released it'd about the equivalent of releasing a human baby into the wild. It's not living or dying free, it's dying. The dolphins should have been released, but not under circumstances that were setting them up to die.
That's why they should be locked up and providing a service to society by performing tricks.
No one is misunderstanding your point, you're just not making a point. The first comment you responded to was one sympathetic toward the man's beliefs but acknowledging what he did was not helpful to the animals at all, and you still defending him killing the animals. Even the comment you're responding to now is the same thing everyone else in this thread has been saying.
Enjoy being wrong then, I guess
I did this while watching the Snapchat dancing donut once. I don't know why it hit me but it did, I just couldn't stop and then I was crying and the fact I was crying made it even funnier. I kept trying to hold my breath and force myself to stop and it would explode out.
*Micro*wave, *Micro*soft, it's right there, wake up sheeple
Keep in mind that despite Hogan's volatile leaks there's actually no one coming forward about him snubbing them because of race and not just his typical backstage politicking. Even Kamala came up saying Hogan routinely fought for him to have *better* pay. Horrible views in private but never acting on them.
You're as out of touch as people on this sub claim Vince is then
I can't believe even Impact's women's title is nicer looking than every main roster WWE title
That doesn't make him a household name, that makes Travis Scott a fan. It doesn't mean Travis Scott fans or Cactus Jack wearers know who that model is.
So you moved from "because she's not white and blonde" to "because she's black", gotcha.
They were Americans. The whole reason the Civil War was fought, from the Union perspective, was to get them back, not to "free the black people". If you're going to act like they're not Americans and just traitors, you've missed the point. Do you think every single individual fighting in a war subscribes to the real reasons that war is fought? Every German soldier was bent on European conquest and signed off on the holocaust? Is every American soldier trying to secure oil money and exploit developing countries? Some people just fight because their home is going to fight. Most of those Confederate soldiers didn't have slaves. Yeah they were probably racist, but so was most of the north at that time. And by that same logic, obviously not everyone in the north was a benevolent equality loving saint who even had an opinion on slavery, and segregation continued even in the north. Think about how war works. It's the poor schmucks dying on the frontline, not the passionate decision makers of the state. People love to talk about the shades of grey and the justifications for both sides on any war, the nuances of the individual men involved. Except with the Civil War, which is entirely black and white (kind of intended) and good vs evil. And "muh states rights" is a meme, the right the war was declared and the states seceded was slavery. But lumping the population in with the leadership is ridiculous. Do your views align with that of your president today? Do you think there are no liberal soldiers enlisted right now?
Or that weird sub for people who have been gilded
What does this have to do with Shoneys?
"I want sources but an actual source doesn't count and I'm disregarding anecdotes what why are you downvoting me" Alright dude
Fuck that, he just looks like a sentient can of Monster
&gt;the majority of people who believe the Earth is flat consider themselves very religious I thought the majority of people who believe the Earth is flat *don't and are just committed trolls*
Yeah but I think the reasoning is for like, actual immediate danger. Doing so is meant to put people on immediate alert for an immediate threat, simply seeing it is suppose sound an alarm. Just throwing it around symbolic defeats the purpose. If a symbol of distress is just used to make a statement, the actual distress symbol gets desensitized. No, those aren't emergency flares from the Titanic, just fireworks, it's fine. Flag code pedantry is stupid but this one actually has a very practical intent. Yeah the middle class is in distress but just constantly dialing 911 and then hanging up may not be the best exercise in "art".
I thought it was because he was dressed as Agent 47, and Hitman was then published by Square Enix, a company that Bushiroad would identify as competition
He even had 47's head tattoo and Silverballers iirc.
Why are you able to see the crowds' asses
Look, I know I am a definite minority here. I have always liked Christian a lot more than Edge. There's someone else like me out there, right?
&gt;WWE stands for nothing What a versatile sentence
Maybe I'm crazy but I prefer it. Then again, it was generic then, as much as bearded and messy hair feels generic now. I just prefer the clean "chosen one" gimmick to another guy that dresses tough and talks tough. I can't buy the latter as a face and Drew just hasn't really clicked yet as a heel, but the old look worked fine either way because he actually did have a *babyface* which lends itself just as well to wanting to see it get punched, and chosen one works either way as a gimmick because you can be a standard bearer or entitled shit.
Was Hornswoggle confirmed to be the original Anonymous Raw GM or just the one behind it for the come back?
Your inability to adjust to the times is super lazy
Oh man, idea for a jobber gimmick, Lorem Ipsum, he only does rest holds and other filler moves
Y'all didn't know about *hotglue*?
&gt;hermione was as you said, buck teeth and frizzy uncontrolled hair And black, apparently? Hasn't she doubled back and said she always visualized her as black or am I misremembering/confusing what other people have said for what she said?
Galaxy brain is knowing that a hole's a hole
Pigeons are what peak performance looks like
What statistic are you citing? Is it the one that averages around 4~% of claims are determined false, while ignoring that that only covers the under 50% of cases that go forward anyway?
u/nastynate7500 licks goats, there is no disputing this claim
Unless he really got hacked and all these conversations just happened to happen in the same window... Yeah, doubt it. Shame that one clip of Miz looking good over Hogan and Paige isn't going to age well.
Look, these events are all horrible tragedies and it is disgusting that such a thing could happen. But I'm thankful I'm not going to endure Joey Ryan gifs and the defense force coming out insisting that if you don't like dick based wrestling then you must hate all forms of fun ever.
Aren't those accounts from his Kliq friends after he reached a position of power? Surely it could just be damage control. Isn't this the guy that cheated on his girlfriend with his boss's daughter? It's not like he's squeaky clean.
For like a month!! I've been staying up late for work for years and I haven't accomplished anything!
That's true but Starr practically admitted it, just tried to diminish it.
Big Dust's Falcon Arrow is Ric Flair's crossbody
You mean Grant, the slave owner that also stood by his slave owning wife? Putting asterisks after slave owner doesn't change that it says slave owner. Disclaimer: I am against tearing down all these statues, Confederate or Union. But this doesn't exhibit the lapse in their own logic that you think it does. A slave owner is a slave owner.
Woolie and Pat's dynamic is still pretty on point for what the Best Friends were. I'm personally not a fan of Matt's solo stuff (I do enjoy his videos with the other former Best Friend), but I feel like even if you're into them that they're markedly different in tone and quality to what this group endeared you to. The Best Friends were unpolished and stupid chucklefucks, that was part of the appeal. Most of Matt's (over)produced videos are decidedly more polished and intelligent. It's a different genre.
The game Detroit: Become Human has a lot to say about a lot of things, but the bit that stands out most to me is that one of the characters is an older man in kinda rough shape that eats junk food like burgers and also smokes and drinks. When another character questions why he does this when the risks are so well known, knowing the character has shown suicidal tendencies, and the older man responds along the lines of how he knows, that that's the point, that he can't kill himself the other way so he's doing it slowly through his habits.
If you have that much control in not even accidentally encountering people with a sickening mentality, then you are definitely sheltered. It is disgusting, it is horrible, it is not okay. But it used to be pretty common. That's part this whole "rape culture" thing. Disgusting macho attitudes trivializing something so evil to the point of teenagers just casually throwing the word around because they don't understand or care about it's weight. It's like how some younger or detached people use the n-word. My ex grew up somewhere where she never saw encountered a black person or saw the horrors of racism. She just thought it was funny to call her friends "my n***a". Because she didn't understand the weight. It's the same shit.
I think Matt's co-star for those videos has requested to not be talked about here, or something to that affect.
&gt;sauce? I've read the entire histories of middle earth more then once Are you trying to make people roll their eyes?
If your stuff looks too good, it's stolen. If it doesn't, you're sketchy and probably up to something.
I'm guessing you guys can't picture Mexico unless Texas is shown too, because it's clearly there, baring Baja.
Do you know what Mexico looks like? Yeah, it's missing Baja, but it shows up to the Texan border.
It's not really feasible to prove a negative in many cases. If I claim that you lick goats, it's on me to provide some kind of evidence. You have no way to possibly prove that you've never once licked a goat, beyond your word. Whereas if my claim is true, there is some form of evidence somewhere. If I claim that you're a rapist, well, same thing. Maybe I missed my chance to take the picture of you licking that goat. Maybe there's no definitive proof of the crime. But I at least could potentially provide something more than my word. Receipts, conversations, witnesses, timelines, something to lend credence to my claim. If you say that I'm lying, and you're really not, and I say prove it... Then what? How can you ever possibly prove that I'm lying beyond getting me to admit it? The burden of proof rests with the one making a positive claim, because it's something that can actually be proven.
Nobody in wrestling is *breaking into* mainstream popular culture. The only ones in the mainstream are already there.
oh yeah he's the exception
I hope whoever did the bad thing gets in trouble
&gt;It's funny people don't think stereotypes exist for a reason As long as this is the same logic you take for *all* racial stereotypes, I guess you get a pass
Growing up, I remember my grandmother who never gave a shit about Nascar loving Dick Trickle, and I never understood why. Then one day it clicked. Then years later after growing out of interest, I thought, huh, whatever happened to that guy? He intentionally went by that name, maybe he was a fun, cool guy. I was not ready for how his story ended.
You're either lying or eating at one that's doing something wrong because their patties are bigger than every other similar place I've eaten.
I'd be more than willing to risk saying that most Americans men, Texas or not, drink. And that wife beating while drunk isn't an indication of being racist. You're just pulling shit out of your ass. One can be a bad person and an alcoholic without being racist. Your only crutch is this bizarre notion that it's a stereotype and that because it's a stereotype that's probably true. &gt;WTF? So harmful stereotypes about black people are wrong? But surely stereotypes exist for a valid reason, I learned that from you!!
TIL the a culture's histories and mythologies are often adapted into their works of fiction
Where has changed his story about knowing her age?
Because you're the main one making a bizarre claim that is apparently quite easy to verify, and yet you've proven to be unable to.
Weird that you'd claim she has a shitty personality but in lieu of explaining why you instead of just say "I refuse, I just think it's funny to showcase my own shitty personality".
I've thought this since the first game, AC is a series in desperate need of minigames. With all the interactive furniture items, it would make furnishing a room a lot more rewarding if you can actually do shit with it. I don't mean I expect the arcade machine to be an in depth fighting game, just like a really simple one button thing to mess around with with friends/visiters.
WWE tried to protect him with that germophobe gimmick, but we didn't listen.
Why is the government hiding Bigfoot from us? What does he know??
print that t shirt on a t shirt
1) the discovery of a new animal causing a public panic doesn't make sense, it's only controversial because a cover up was put in place in the first place. "oh yeah, there's an endangered north american ape" isn't exactly something that requires moral compromise to accept 2) you'd think tourism would spike with even more people hoping to catch a glance at the elusive bigfoot
jaywalking, with a bulletproof vest seeding porn torrents, with a bulletproof vest removing the tag from your mattress... with a bulletproof vest
I grew up in the south and Whataburger was just a routine part of my life. Moving to NYC was a mistake. I still have people mail me creamy pepper sauce now and then for my own burgers
what why we have softlines that aren't all RFID enabled, now people are going to waste time scanning for shit even more
I got the joke 👍
There's a twitch streamer or something who (claims?) to have it and cites "banana" as a trigger word that makes her start shouting the n-word. I don't watch her but it feels like she's using it as a novelty, whether she really has it or not.
Plus the dynamic of clean cut, suit and tie Cody with rugged cowboy shit Hangman lends itself well to friends *and* enemies if they ever went that route.
Wasn't he shoving his dick in people's faces pre-wwe?
I love Slater, and I want him to be successful and I'm excited for a return to he ring But this just looks like a regular picture has been stretched horizontally, even his face just looks wider. It's not very hype.
I dunno, I thought their sense of humor really improved and they were doing a better job of a comedic retelling of dbz than the YTP with a plot they began as. It was still dick and fart jokes, but they weaved into the narrative better.
AJ Lee used to do that and I copped it for all my CAWs
I wonder why they didn't just keep the black as the outline, and then use the darkest grey that they have as the outline now as his main skin color. Actually now that I'm thinking about it, I see why. This way they still have two "middle" shades for details. If they used the darkest grey as his main color, they would have to use the lighter grey and the black for stuff like facial details, which would look a bit off since one would be lighter and one would be darker than the main color used. Oh well.
I don't understand spoilers. If someone didn't want to get spoiled for that game, they would have no way of knowing to not reveal that spoiler and thus reveal the ending. You're just adding an extra step for them.
Where are 14 year olds getting mystery coke?
I really want to like LEGO games because I'm a big LEGO mark and I love the style and tone of the games, but I absolutely hate the character switching mechanic that it feels like they all do, anything different would be a breath of fresh air. Give me this, or like an action RPG or something.
Depends on what your metric for "a star" is. They're no Cena.
