This comment is disturbing. And a little ominous.
The 900 pound mutant cannibal and the man who loves her dying in the teeth of a hurricane on the shores of Mississippi probably.
Fucking lmao Cultists.
No.
&gt;ivey Looks like you already had it, bruv.
For a one-year subscription to a literary journal? $20 is a steal.
That happened to me in high school, we’d be practicing and then while we were taking unscheduled marijuana breaks the amp would pick up a religious station broadcasting creepy organ music. It was metal af.
Anoxic event here we come.
"Yeah??? WHADDABOUT CLINTON???" Lol omg
Is that why I haven’t seen Gallowglas around in a while? He’s reaping the benefits?
"Things It Would Have Been Helpful To Know Before The Revolution" - Father John Misty.
Concern Trolling: The Reddit Comment
Report: No shit.
Mick Jagger. The ultimate flamboyant, strutting, larger-than-life rock 'n' roll superstar.
&gt; .....just my take..... Everybody's musical taste is different so take my opinion with a grain of salt. I just wanted to Add my 2 cents before you rounded up your POSSE Nobody gives a shit.
Speaking as someone who didn't realize that Manfred Mann's "Blinded By The Light" was in fact a cover of Bruce Springsteen until the age of 29, I don't think people confusing covers and originals is a really big deal.
I go through rec lists once a month and add stuff to my Goodreads to-read list. It’s a big list, so it’ll be a while before I get to them. I’m hoping to enjoy the 2017 harvest sometime in the summer of 2021.
I took an intro to film studies class once where this was the movie he showed on the first day.
Great book, too.
Miracle Mile (1988) - Guy sleeps in and misses a date with his girlfriend; around 4 AM he goes out to her diner on the Miracle Mile to see if he can catch up with her and intercepts a phone call in a phone booth. That phone call tells him that the missiles are in flight and World War III has started.
Josh Tillman.
Here's a thought. Poverty isn't a window-dressing or a neat backstory you can use to give your characters some grit. It's a grinding, hopeless, systematic cycle of exploitation that is, for the majority of the people that experience it, inescapable. You can't just read a book or a few Reddit comments and get what it means to be poor, even from the perspective of the Global North. It's not just "financial difficulties". That's just one aspect. One symptom. Poverty is a medusa and every snake on her head is another way the world-system is designed to to entrench and maintain poverty: food insecurity; the impossibility of child care; substandard education; poor quality housing; sexual exploitation; a dearth of meaningful legal opportunities for economic advancement; societal scrutiny, both vertically and horizontally; in certain countries - most of the Global South as well as the United States - lack of available health care. There are a lot of things that, through empathy and careful research, you can write about. Poverty is not one of them. If you've never been poor, you won't understand what it means to be poor. You can fake it, but that's all you'll be doing. I mean, Jesus, Steinbeck may have been that guy whose parents paid for everything but at least he had the wherewithal to live and work with the people he was writing about. So ha, there's my advice for you. You want to learn how to write from the perspective of someone who's poor? Go live in Alabama for a while - the part of the state where the houses are just shacks, the farms are subsistence, the sewage pipes are open to the air and tuberculosis is making a big come back - and report back about what you've learned.
He looks like the kind of guy whose sons grow up to be frogposters.
That's because they have a union and don't let populist yahoos railroad them like they apparently are used to in Louisiana.
Everybody hates a tourist, especially one who thinks it's all such a laugh.
Fusion GPS is a strategic investigation firm. They retained Chris Steele, the MI6 agent who compiled a dossier on Trump’s shenanigans and probable Russian blackmail. Steele apparently originally took the dossier to the FBI out of national security concerns and the FBI already knew because they had a mole inside the Trump campaign. In the words of Hans Solo: “It’s true. All of it.”
Fusion GPS is a strategic investigation firm. They retained Chris Steele, the MI6 agent who compiled a dossier on Trump’s shenanigans and probable Russian blackmail. Steele apparently originally took the dossier to the FBI out of national security concerns and the FBI already knew because they had a mole inside the Trump campaign. In the words of Hans Solo: “It’s true. All of it.”
It’s especially obvious when they say “What’s this all mean? It’s nothing we haven’t heard before. It’s just a nothingburger.”
Lmao
Yeah it's probably like how when trans people come online and see people spreading [TERF bullshit like this](https://i.imgur.com/pXYDZDi.png).
Thiiiiiiiiiiis. Oh my god using rape as a motive for male characters is such a lazy trope.
Let it sit. Let it attract other pieces to it as time goes on, like objects around a supermassive core. Eventually you'll think of a more abstract way to come to terms with it. That's an advantage of art - to abstract the pain we can't really put into direct words. Then there will be real power to it, and you'll be glad you waited.
Have them come up organically.
I mean, that is *a* lesson.
His short stories rank among the best ever written. His novels are very experimental, so ymmv.
It doesn’t come out of nowhere. There’s a whole relationship background that leads up to it.
*Gravity’s Rainbow*, easily. It’s hard to keep track of the 400-some odd characters so each POV switch is a bit disorienting and you’re never really sure what’s going on at first. They’re all such engrossing characters and scenarios though, that you kind of just have to plow on regardless.
And buy the toner remanufactured, it takes an $80 cartridge and makes it $25.
IRL, no one has ever accused the Russians of having superior engineering.
That was a joke, not a refutation of what you were saying. Like, "no one has ever accused the British of having good food."
&gt;We aren't snowy white. We know, people on this subreddit freak out about it every single day.
It’s true 9 times out of 10 though.
Thinking critically is an exercise in taking in evidence and basing one’s conclusions on that evidence, yes? Inductive and deductive reasoning? The evidence I’ve gathered from reading accounts and news items as well as the legislation generated by every administration I’ve been politically conscious for, which is from Gulf War I onward. From that evidence I have deduced that, given the choice between doing things beneficial to society and pulling a fast one to do things that are harmful to society but beneficial to themselves and their friends, they will choose the latter every single time. It isn’t that the media is biased against the Republican Party or that there’s a vast conspiracy to “silence conservative voices”. It’s that the Republican Party - not the voters per se but the Party itself - is comprised of *fundamentally terrible people* who take the concept of individual rights and the Enlightenment as a go-ahead to get rich by any means necessary, even if it means destroying the environment, the social safety net, and the republic itself.
I join in the global mockery of him as often as I can.
All of them - all of them that I've read, anyway - seem to concur that Hitler was a pretty bad dude.
Shitty analogy. People are born black. People make the direct, conscious choice to run for office and associate with the Republican Party.
Those are rookie numbers, you gotta pump those up.
I mean...she's not wrong.
-Starting the story by having a character wake up and go through their normal day before ***SOMETHING HAPPENS*** -Adopting a chatty style, like you're 15 and you're telling a story to your friends. -Infodumping - taking a whole bunch of details they want the reader to know about the story and the world it takes place in and slapping it all down at once. -Using rape as a motivating factor to get action going -Assuming they have anything worthwhile to write in the first place
Radar Rat Race (1981) on the Vic 20
I am an associate social media editor for a large NYC digital media firm.
Maybe the last one *should* be first.
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Greening_of_Planet_Earth https://youtu.be/ep5ptrPN6ns
The Dead could be a killer country band when they put their mind to it.
This is the first time in a while that “Interesting Fact” preceded an actual goddamn interesting fact.
The Hold Steady - *Separation Sunday* but real talk the way Craig Finn writes it's basically more like a "concept career".
Is this already pasta or can I steal it?
Chelsea Clinton has been doing this on Twitter lately. She responds to people saying really terrible things to her and wishes them beautiful sunny days and the like.
Lie by omission is still a lie.
/thread
No no, *unpopular* opinions.
I fell asleep during *Pan’s Labyrinth*. That’s going back a bit but I feel it still might draw some minor heat.
Please empirically prove that the CBC “chases drama more than facts.”
I think we can easily prove that they did not, but one story does not a pattern make.
Really? Every article? Do you have an empirical media study to back this up, or am I just supposed to take your assertions as fact?
It is not prima facie, it is your own perception of the limited number of articles you’ve read and remembered from the CBC. Just because “everyone says so” doesn’t make it true. Show me a peer-reviewed article that proves your point, show me some actual data, or fuck off.
So that’s it then? “Everyone knows it therefore it’s true” followed by some buzz words and name calling? That’s some solid critical thinking my dude.
You kind of have a one-track mind, huh?
No, you're *not* making a point. That's the problem.
Going by my Goodreads list it's *The Moon Is A Harsh Mistress*. However, for an answer that's more focused on the prose as opposed to politics, it's *A Moveable Feast*, of which I said "All the bad parts of Hemingway - the overlong descriptions of bourgeois meals, the interminable dialogue between him and his wife - with none of the grand redeeming factors that make his fiction so memorable."
I mean, you literally haven't made an argument yet, so...I really hope we are, because you're wasting valuable server space.
People believe many things that aren't true. For instance, you presume people should accept your opinions as generally accepted facts.
Lmao it's apparently *Imperial Bedrooms* by Bret Easton Ellis, which apparently rates a bare 3.15; I gave it a 3. It's honestly not great, from what I remember. B.E.E.'s later work tends to be pretty mixed.
&gt; I don't really mind if you agree or not, this is for the other readers I'm sorry, who's virtue signalling?
I'm not the one trying to signal my virtue to "the other readers" here, chief.
&gt;which I know pisses you off Bud, I think you need to take a walk. At least step out the back door and get some fresh air. If you think this conversation would be enraging to any normal person you need some reflection time.
I'm talking about you projecting your frustrations onto random anonymous people on the internet. You clearly need some time to think about your life and whether "hunting SJWs" or whatever the fuck you're doing on this site is really worth it.
Bud I'm spinning this conversation into absurd encounter-group retardation and you're still champing at the bit to argue and attack. *Clearly* you have problems if you've made it this far and you're still spoiling for a fight. You said you were done like five or six exchanges ago and so I gave up all attempts at coherence and yet you're still here, responding. What does that say about you?
I just want you to prove what you're saying. You don't seem to be able to do that. All I keep seeing are appeals to emotion and what the majority opinion supposedly is. That's the "well developed counterpoint"? I'm not even sure you can call it a counterpoint, let alone a developed one. I just want evidence. Why is that so hard? Why does that make me crazy?
Oh you just sound like a barrel of calm, sane rationality.
Interesting that the uptick occurred right around the time the economy was collapsing. I wonder if there's a correlation between periods of recession and upticks in home birthing in the United States.
They are, and they're paying a lot less than $32,000 per birth for it too. For someone who isn't an eligible resident of Ontario, as an example of a place that utilizes a form of universal single-payer health care, you can expect to pay between $6000-$10000 total for a birth in hospital, depending on a variety of factors.
There seems to be - at the maximum end of the range - a $22,000 discrepancy between what Americans pay to give birth and what the uninsured pay in Ontario. Yet you're trying to tell me that the size of the bill doesn't change. [Compare US healthcare costs](https://www.pbs.org/newshour/health/health-costs-how-the-us-compares-with-other-countries) with other countries around the Western world, all of which utilize some form of universal/single-payer healthcare system. Are you still telling me the bill is the same size regardless of who is paying? Hint: [regulated fee schedules](http://www.health.gov.on.ca/en/pro/programs/ohip/sob/physserv/sob_master20160401.pdf)
First, it "magically changes the cost" from $32,000 to $10,000. Second the higher costs *have everything to do with who's paying the bill*. The reason costs are lower in single-payer zones is precisely because of legislation like the fee schedule I linked to - *regulated fee structures for every aspect of health care*. Hospitals charge ridiculously outsized fees in the United States *because they can*. They'll bargain down with insurance companies to an extent but they know that if they start sky-high they can bargain them down to a payment that is still *far* higher than anywhere else in the Western world. Let's take femoral lengthening as an example. I searched through a number of doctors who will perform the surgery in the U.S. and many of them warn patients straight out on their site that it will cost in the realm of $90,000 to perform the surgery. In Ontario, doctors bill $541 for the procedure. The physical therapy associated with the procedure will bring that total up to, depending on lenght of recovery time somewhere on average of $4000. It costs less here because *we're* paying the bill. It costs more in the U.S. because *you're* paying the bill. There's the difference.
Many dissertations and subsequent journal articles in the academic world are simply one person taking aim at another person's research and picking it apart while offering a different theory. So. Fucking. Many. As long as you're citing and not needlessly slandering people you're fine. Information doesn't have to be publicly available for free for you to talk about it. You'll run into copyright issues if you try, say, to take a procedure outlined in the *New England Journal of Medicine* and pass it off as your own, but if you discuss it and critique it then you're golden.
Man I wouldn't piss on Vox Day to put out a fire. Fuck him and his whole circus.
They won't. "I consider myself an independent" is code for "I vote Republican but I'm embarrassed to admit it."
Yeah this place sucks it’s like a dumb Facebook comment section invaded and set up camp here.
"I can't believe people would make fun of me," said the five foot eleven man.
What, gamers don't appreciate good writing? Actually that explains *Ready Player One*.
Wait which current disaster?
LMAO imagine believing this retarded shit.
You Americans have the weirdest political ideas.
Yeah I'd take that bet. Given the current trends in politics, economics, trade, and resource inequality, I'd bet on Europe and the EU well before I'd bet on the U.S. in 2118. Fuck I'd bet on a resurgent Commonwealth before I'd bet on the U.S. Any long term risk assessment of the United States will reveal massive fracture lines that stand a real chance of tearing the union apart by 2068 *at the outside*. Trump is a symptom, not a cause.
I don't think immigration is as big of a concern as many reactionary nationalists seem to think it is. Refugee politics are a distraction and a wedge issue, but most of the effects are overblown. The integration of east and west in Europe is a much bigger concern, immigration-wise, than the acceptance of slightly higher levels of Muslim refugees. Of course, climate change will cause waves of refugees that make the current issues seem like a walk in the park, but just because the continent will be surrounded by barbed wire and machine gun posts doesn't mean that *internally* it won't be a good place to make money and have kids.
Don't you worry, the future is one big clusterfuck of rising oceans, diminishing food resources, and rat-a-tat gunfire. Maybe a good old fun-loving anoxic event thrown in for cosmic shits and giggles. I'd love to be wrong. I'm probably not.
Goddammit they have red wizards in Krynn too.
http://www.earlymoderntexts.com/assets/pdfs/locke1689a.pdf
&gt;The problem is CARDBOARD ITSELF. It is not a durable material [About that](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CG3B6bMKnk8)
&gt;Brampton
Lisa would see right through him.
So Long, And Thanks For All The Tennis Balls
Nothing in your comment is inaccurate but the mods, their friends, and their friends’ sock puppets got mad at it.
It’s a teaching opportunity: the lesson is “don’t be a fucking asshole.” Seems like a perfect educational opportunity.
I get paid to spread communist propaganda on a mommy blog. WELL I get paid to moderate the blog’s comment sections and social media accounts, the communist propaganda I disseminate free of charge.
Lmao my prof this semester listed a course text but then said he was going to post the readings from it as pdfs because, "if you aren't using gen.lib.rus.ec you aren't really living." Which I had a good laugh at because I'd spent part of the previous night looking for the text he'd listed on that very site.
https://soundcloud.com/i-am-the-red-wizards/ftc173 2 extra samples - "Liquid Sunshine" by John Cameron and "The House Of The Rising Sun" by The Melodians, and an acapella, "Art Of Facts" by Artifacts.
Mine is on the inside left of my middle finger, just next to the nail. Well-worn over the course of the last 23 years.
They strongly remind me of Ron Paul fans, down to the insistence that people refer to him as “doctor.”
What is “anything Peterson has said outside of his field.”
His insistence that postmodernism is “Cultural Marxism” and that this false equivalence is dangerous to society is laughably false. The guy sells a fake version of the social sciences as a clear danger to impressionable and disaffected young men and tells them that all they need to do is clean their room, reject “communism”, and donate to his Patreon and their lives will improve. He’s a cult leader for mediocre Millenials ripe for radicalization.
lmao "ONLY GUITAR ROCK IS MUSIC EVERYTHING ELSE IS SHIT THAT SHEEP LISTEN TO" C'mon son, at least *try* to get out of your bubble.
Please I grew up during the Clinton administration, this is par for the course.
Vote
Hamilton rules, you can fuck right off.
That was quick.
Fuck I hate trying to keep it together in public.
JFK tried to take on the CIA and what he found out blew his mind.
Uhhhh
Somewhere the Canadian version of HA Goodman is furiously typing up a new article, *This Is How Christine Elliott Can Still Win!*
Fuck it, let's try anarchy. Can't be any worse.
Except himself.
That seems maybe slightly unhinged.
When you pay the lowest bidder to do your social media engagement, they’re not sending their best.
Please, the “Doug Ford sold drugs to school kids” story would come back so fast it would make your head spin.
Quimby wins, declares mob rules.
I take the things Mark Towhey says with a grain of salt roughly the size of Jupiter.
Damn, remember this? Feels like it was days ago and it’s only been 5 hours.
I Wynne again, Lews Therin
Ontario voters: Wynne is the worst Patrick Brown: Hey baby, chug this beer. FTFY
LMAO, "If you don't vote how I want you to vote and venerate who I want you to venerate you're just trash." Very mature.
Show me on the doll where the liberals and feminists hurt you.
Nobody charged Aziz Ansari with sexual assault. A woman wrote an article about a bad date with him where he came off as clueless and kind of creepy, and people were like "wow he seems clueless and creepy."
&gt; Anyone who believes this without and before evidence is scum. So his staff, several senior PC leaders, the PC candidate from London West, and Andrew Scheer? I guess I have to agree with you there.
Depends on how the leadership tussle plays out. The election isn't until June, unless Wynne calls an early one - but she has to be *very* careful with that sort of game because Canadians and especially Ontarians tend to punish rather than reward that sort of political opportunism. I feel like if they can convince Christine Elliott to leave her post as Patient Ombudsman and run then they have a shot, maybe even a good one. The other potential leaders have baggage or have no public profile at all.
Lisa McLeod backed the Catholic school board against gay-straight student alliances, the Liberals and the NDP would capitalize on that hard and turn LGBT factors into a wedge issue.
"I hate Wynne but Liberal policies seem to work in my favour" is like the story of Ontario.
Also, don't stay sober while you ply girls with alcohol so they'll be more amenable. That bit of advice should keep you out of serious trouble.
Poor choice. Almost no name recognition, he'll have a long fight to get people to care about him.
THIS. People in here are like "uhh uhh #MeToo has gone too far, why don't these women take their accusations to the POLICE?" - it's because the POLICE don't do their jobs when it comes to sexual assault, they quite often seem to think it doesn't merit investigation.
There are dozens of us! DOZENS!
Weird, I’ve never thought of doing this either.
Workplace romances between superior and subordinate are frowned upon in every workplace, and they often result in termination.
And, of course, “what about Wynne and Trudeau??”
That’s /r/Canada
I think you know damn well they don’t.
I can’t imagine any other line you could put on this image. Seems extremely restricted.
All you can put in here is reposts from /r/aww, this will go normie too quickly.
Ok I see it now. This could go places.
That was the federal Conservative party.
Feel free to show us your own numbers.
There are no useless degrees, only useless people.
*Sad Songs For Dirty Lovers* is stellar but because they didn’t break through until *Alligator* no one ever references it.
Kant’s ideal of cosmopolitanism would be utterly at odds with the current form of the American right.
What the fuck is the internet?
No that’s not a lie, you’ll get a job. The lie is that you’ll get a *meaningful* job after college.
HR would be contacting you for a chat.
I don’t believe you. You claim they were down voted but the score is hidden and so there’s no evidence of this. I choose to believe evidence, sir, not victims.
Holy shit, Patrick Brown eats babies? I want off this rollercoaster!
Wow a politician makes things political, and does things to get votes? That’s like the exact opposite of her job, or something.
It does, many subs also don’t reveal the score of a comment until a certain period of time has elapsed, to prevent pile-on effects.
Some in St. Petersburg, FL, some in St. Petersburg, Russia.
The real cringe, as always, is in the comments.
People like them were just learning to sit up without falling over when 9/11 happened. Historical context is ancient and useless, maaaaaaaaan.
Well there’s a shock.
Buddy, you keep drinking all the kool-aid you’re going to have a tummy ache. Now come on, it’s time for bed, you’ve got school in the morning.
"Unconditional Love", "Earth To Heaven", "Judas" *Emily's D+Evolution* is a motherfucker of an album.
\&gt;attempting to quantify a subjective emotional experience wew lad
Well, I certainly won't be voting for the shambling corpse of P.E.T. in the next election, I can tell you that.
Trust me, if the Conservative Party - either branch, Reform or PC - could figure out how to retroactively charge PET with anything, they already would have. Talk about the original derangement syndrome.
Will he be handing out $20 bills to us?
Lmao no. You don’t open up closed societies by helping them close up tighter. You open them up by interacting and continuing to interact with them, by exposing them to outside cultures, ideas, and communication. Banning immigration and “preventing the spread of Islam” does radical Islamists a huge favour by doing the work for them: they want closed-off echo-chamber societies where they are the only legitimate means of expression.
V a l u a b l e c o n v e r s a t I o n
I'm having trouble with that second paragraph. If a politician says one thing and does another, that means that the philosophy and theory that they advocated for is bankrupt? There's a disconnect in there.
I agree with you, but I'd like to point out that the NSDAP was one of roughly six billion minor parties in Weimar Germany in 1922, and no one took their political ambitions seriously except maybe that one non-commissioned officer who was sent to sit in on party meetings as a political minder.
Well, for starters, there was that Liberal budget that was basically everything the NDP wanted; instead of supporting it and influencing the minority Liberal government in their position as holders of the balance of power, they voted against it in order to trigger an election that Horwath thought she could win even though as it turned out they were painfully unprepared for a campaign and handed Wynne a majority when she should have by all rights been blown off the electoral map. There's also that thing where she seems to want to lead from this muddled, muted center position where there can be no bold statements unless they're the most obvious; her platforms have been a mix of vague platitudes and incremental tweaks that I expect from radical centrists, not the alleged standard-bearers of the left. I mean, she's allowed the NDP to get outflanked on the left by the goddamn Liberal Party. Seriously. Also, she has the personality that encourages people to stay home on election day. My running joke in the last election was that if someone made a movie out of it, the major party leaders could be played by Jane Lynch, Ed Helms, and a coat rack.
Actions from one person speak louder than the actions of millions of others? I think not. Trudeau being accused of sexual assault would not discredit feminism as a theory and a movement. To think otherwise is merely to indulge in wishful thinking.
You'll get someone coming along to say "It's cuz da LIEberals keep spending money we don't have! We're in debt forever!" When in reality debt-to-GDP is 37.8% putting it in the middle of Canadian provinces. This ratio is also on a downward trend; it's dropped 2% over the last 3 years. Quebec, by contrast, has those high taxes you mentioned *and* is approaching 50% debt-to-GDP which even then is merely troublesome, not apocalyptic. Apocalyptic is when you're Greece and the ratio is something ridiculous like 130% So the answer is: we have a big GDP and we aren't afraid to spend money.
Feminism, a movement stemming from the Enlightenment and dating back at least to Mary Wollstonecraft, would lose credibility if one high-profile advocate were to say one thing and do another? If the movement centred around Trudeau then perhaps that would be true...but it doesn’t. Again, this feels like a stretch big enough to encompass the Grand Canyon and comes off more like wish-fulfillment than an accurate forecast of a real reaction.
I doubt if the public sees Trudeau as a “leader of feminism”. Anyone who would think that Trudeau’s indiscretions would impugn feminism as a whole are already likely to want to discredit both.
Laws are for Democrats.
“What about the Liberals?”
My local LCBO definitely doesn’t look like this.
Bit too much Bolivian marching powder before he took the stage.
&gt;is there any way i would get transfer from Ryerson to Western? I'd think you'd want to finish high school first.
Jesus what are we, Americans? Can we not just appoint these people through a corrupt system of patronage like God and John A MacDonald intended?
In terms of the setting, check out J.G. Ballard's short story "The Concentration City" - there's a similarity there you may be able to draw details or at least inspiration from.
You know I hadn't thought about it, but yes, that seems to be what's happening here.
Oh we want to regulate people's opinions now? Isn't that what we typically accuse those dastardly strawmen SJWs of doing? Or is this different because reasons?
Or because of internal investigations that proved credibility of accusations. Are you telling me that a rational actor like a business would leap to act irrationally on the basis of innuendo, or is it more likely that the investigative procedures in these cases don’t play out publicly and so you are only privy to at most half of what’s actually happening?
Interesting stretch of the definition of “art”.
If Christine Elliott is not running then this is honestly the next best solution for the PCs.
Latest authoritarian tendencies would be my guess.
Sorry, how exactly is abandoning due process “very leftist”?
Lmao that is such a NOFX thing to happen.
You'd rather she be politically correct about it? Why are you censoring her free speech? Seriously though, why mince words? Slapping bullshit tariffs on us is a bully tactic to make us do whatever they want w/r/t NAFTA. Why call it anything else?
Cannot wait for the first time Ford says he received a mandate from the voters.
They want to sell out the country to own the libs
Doubt.jpg
Oh we doing hits on family now? One of the leaders has a family chock full of drunks crack addicts and thugs and it isn't Horwath's
They do this every election in most countries. It's only notable when a paper deviates from expectations ie not today.
So what's he going to cut then?
Wanting to vote PC under Ford doesn't necessarily tell me that you're bigoted. It DOES tell me that you are gullible and don't mind being lied to, though.
Drug Folks
Exactly. That's when it got dark, and it gets darker every day.
Sophistry: (Noun) The use of fallacious arguments, especially with the intention of deceiving.
&gt;you want something for nothing Gonna have to explain how you're shoehorning this one in, chief.
Ah, I see you've figured out libertarianism.
There is no state in a communist system. Communism is a vision of anarchy. You're thinking of totalitarianism.
Bruh if you didn't realize before this that there was good money in flipping condos then I do not even know what to tell you.
I'm less in favour of that. In a number of post-industrial towns in Ontario there are commercial properties that have been vacant for some time because no one wants to set up shop in that area, or because the industry they were designed for no longer has as great a presence in the area. Taxes are not just for revenue generation - they are an influencing factor. If you want to discourage something, tax it. Leaving residential homes vacant is something we want to discourage, so we should tax it. People need to live somewhere, and this would help with filling that need. People don't necessarily need to set up a business or put a corporate office in, say, EOA London or near Bunting in St. Catharines anymore, so there's no demand for those properties. Taxing them wouldn't help fill vacancies, it would just convince the owner to walk away from the property altogether in order to not pay taxes on it. So instead of Smart Centres owning a vacant lot of old storefronts, you would have no one owning a vacant lot of old storefronts, which is infinitely worse from a local social and municipal government perspective.
The Iranians got *their* cash back, yes.
I'm sure he's referring to the rubber-stamp tradition that is the Governor-General as head of state, representing the Queen of Canada. In actual practice you are correct, the executive is fused with the legislature by having the Prime Minister and Cabinet perform the actual functions of the executive.
We don't give them lumber, water, and oil for free.
accurate af
I thought *ye* was fucking trash but I would fuck with this til the end.
Lmao memes on memes
Me too thanks
This is true.
Where do you think Hitler got his ideas from?
Of all the people to call lazy, Kate Graham should be the last. I have an orange sign on my lawn but Kate's ground game has been impressive - in a time when Liberal fortunes have pretty much cratered I continually see new Lib signs popping up in LNC, and I see small signs getting switched out for large signs as well.
Of course not, Juggalos don't know how fuckin' magnets work. This PC candidate from Brampton is obviously one of those scientists, lying and getting me pissed.
For the casual browsers: "Just stay in the basement, have a couple of pops" is something Doug *literally* said to Rob live in front of people.
L M F A O
I have seen literally no one suggesting this.
&gt; If Mainstreet is accurate That's a pretty big if, Lisa.
I went through a period where I was contributing shit to the FTC doing just that so I'm down for sure.
wut
As someone who went to high school in Seaforth, if Huron-Bruce flips to the NDP I will reconsider the idea that there is no god.
Frank Graves was castigating him on Twitter earlier.
Well at the very least I am going to have a shit ton of fun critiquing Ford and Co. for 4 years.
Oh they don't care. They want to destroy Ontario if it means they get to own the libs.
Honestly who gives a shit? Like why do you care, for example?
This guy probably sits here and cries about downvotes too.
Wow you guys truly are noble examples of free thinking, when do we put up your statues?
Have you tried crying about it?
Honestly I would die laughing if this happened.
Not really though.
I'm pretty sure they feed off of it, much like leeches.
Elder Scrolls II: Daggerfall. Spent $40 on it in 1996 and am still playing it 22 years later.
Scalding hot take
AM are easily one of the top 20 bands of the 21st Century, I'd rate them 4 out of 5 and that's unheard of.
&gt;nothing from *Forever Changes* Why even get out of bed?
Nah
Ah here comes the sore winner parade. Typical.
*Very* far off.
Oh good, a mod-approved sore winner parade.
Cry about it.
Sure it was, in 12 ridings. Edit: omg downvotes I'm being so oppressed why won't the mods protect my free speech lol
No, no they didn't
Hey alright, privatized weed markets for Ontario! If Doug keeps his promises (And that's a pretty big if, Lisa)
Worst case Ontario LMAO
Please what?
Could be worse. Not sure how, but here we are.
Uh excuse me the Ontario Communist Party absolutely exists.
OSAP is an old program first put in place by the PCs of old. Even Harris wouldn't abolish it.
No salt, you're just wrong. The NDP are a bourgeois party of social democrats and social democrats are, as the saying goes, the left wing of fascism.
Did you expect anything different?
Ha my eyes must be going
I'm 1.5 songs in and it's already a better Ye album than *ye*.
Lmao that's fucking ruthless.
As it turned out it really wasn't that close.
+1 for Morrison, he's the best.
Hell yeah I use it to plot out scratches a lot.
Yes I think we're all seeking details
Light soul tracks are always a good time https://soundcloud.com/i-am-the-red-wizards/ftc189-rusty-sardine-can
Ford won because the ETFO has a list of suggested inclusive books for elementary school? Please leave your basement once in a while.
&gt;unwashed masses Kind of a shitty thing to say about an economic unit that makes up half of Ontario's GDP and sends out much more in taxes than it takes in.
What a weird bit of anti-intellectualism to get hung up on. Do you also get your back up when people use legal terms?
The bigger picture is that 84% of Ontarians polled believed it was time for a change in government and they voted for one. It doesn't have anything to do with little internet culture war shit-fights, it's fatigue from 15 years of Liberal rule and continued distrust of the NDP to do the job competently - an honest concern. Ordinary people aren't discussing the finer points of Jordan Peterson's philosophy and bemoaning transgendered inclusiveness around the water cooler - their political conversations are about taxes, perceived government waste, and the economy. They care about their money, full stop.
&gt; Any PCs who don't follow him anywhere he wants to go will be sidelined. Sidelined right into a resurgent, newly right-leaning Liberal Party.
Such grace in victory.
Suddenly 11 years later that doesn't seem like a horrible idea.
He doesn't want to argue with what you said, because then he can't just glibly throw out memes and pretend they're arguments.
&gt;“Does it sound like something Kanye would do?” If not, go back to the drawing board and figure out what’s lacking. I mean, after hearing most of *ye* I'm thinking that maybe Kanye himself should take this advice.
The Ontario Liberals went from being the rural religious party to being a centrist party to out-flanking the NDP on the left in the space of 40 years. The next leader should take note that their actual electoral success came as the centrist party and return there.
Ah the Iliac Bay. I've already spent 22 years there, what's another 22 waiting for this game to come out?
Bruh just say what you mean.
&gt;you lefties Yeah and you're the supreme force of unity and goodwill, huh?
There are no farms or farmers in Ontario?
&gt;studdering Your Freudian is slipping.
Well thank God you're still in this reality then.
Yeah it was high af during the Harper years. I ran a customer service team in downtown TO in those days and I remember having to gently let down Americans who would come in thinking they could buy up a lot of expensive tech for cheaper because they assumed the USD was worth so much more than the CAD.
Oh man I wish I had actual turntables, that's definitely on the list of things I want to get. Right now I'm plotting out scratches and skips in Gross Beat which, as it turns out, makes a pretty decent facsimile. My hope is to get more hands-on with it when I have more money though.
I know a number of conservatives. None of them are in favour of Trump.
You're the only one arguing absolutes here muchacho.
&gt;some &gt;anyone who disagrees /r/IAm14AndThinkImEdgy
Yep, turning 15 will make you think that.
Mf I watch that show on the regular
Hahaha how do you not recognize Rachel Bloom
You know what's a great song?
Now I kind of want to design that.
Lately it's been Swedish folk, slowed down and chopped.
Vote
Good. Elections have consequences and it's time people began to actually realize this.
I feel like I've played this FPS...
How much will this unnecessary and pig-headed fight with the federal government end up costing us?
If he's planning on going directly to the governors of Ontario's largest trading partners and negotiating with them rather than with the US feds then that's actually halfway intelligent.
If you honestly think the world revolves around your little internet culture war, I suppose.
I, too, like to waste money pointlessly.
The banality of evil.
If MACHINA II had the production values of MACHINA I it would be a worthy final SP album.
&gt; the political correctness crap that has been ruining most western culture for the past decade. Drink!
He says, jumping to wild conclusions.
What's funny is that, much like the time they tried to "stop the gravy train" in Toronto, you'll soon discover that the gravy train is just a made-up thing they used to get people angry.
What's a little e.coli between friends?
Yeah let's cut even more revenue from the province that has the lowest revenue generation per capita in Canada.
No, they'll still be as valued, It's just they won't be there to actually do the job that's needed to be done, so instead we'll overwork a bunch of underlings who will burn out and make mistakes, leading to logjams, costly errors, and lowered quality of service delivery. By the way, this whole "good day!" thing you guys do is obnoxious. At least have the courage to stick around and pretend you have a clue of what you're talking about.
God, I hope so. I honestly and fervently hope that concentration camps is where America draws the line. Because if it isn't, I live far too close to you motherfuckers for comfort.
[Trump officials in 15 years](https://static.timesofisrael.com/www/uploads/2017/11/croatia.jpg)
Adults have car loans and mortgages and business lines of credit. Like what the fuck man.
Have you ever closely examined lead?
I'll give you a few moments to re-read this chain.
"We just gotta make one stop so I can pop these Mexican kids in a concentration camp." "Dad is that a euphemism for something?" "JESUS, just...whatever, it's all in the Bible you little shit. Do you want to go to the game or not?"
They're just trying to make their choice to vote for a dude who puts kids in concentration camps more palatable by framing it as though they had no choice.
G O R I L L A W R I T I N G
&gt;[tfw you get bored of seeing the same stupid talking point repeated everywhere like gospel by people who are too piss-scared to admit there's a problem.](http://www.politifact.com/punditfact/statements/2018/jun/19/matt-schlapp/no-donald-trumps-separation-immigrant-families-was/)
They won't. Americans are monsters. Those that aren't are too scared of losing their creature comforts to do anything about the monsters. It's time we start looking at our southern border not as the property line with our best friend and neighbour the superpower but as a potentially rabid animal with designs on our property.
"We're just enforcing the law." Tell it to The Hague, bud.
&gt;Off yourself at your earliest convenience. [You first](https://www.aljazeera.com/mritems/imagecache/mbdxxlarge/mritems/Images/2017/11/29/5e302c9172a741569b2ef1d3497ca6d0_18.jpg)
Great. Have you figured out the difference between home finances and state finances yet?
So you haven't. Well, keep at it.
Well while you hem and haw over the most civil way to describe the phenomena, it will continue to happen. Maybe you can cluck your tongue at the problem and it will go away.
Infest? Like cockroaches? Where have I heard that before? Of course to be comparable to the Rwanda example you need to have violent armed militias being driven on by hate-filled radi- ah, shit.
Might be a little late to build a bomb. But all that future Most Important Resource On Earth lying around up here does make me awfully paranoid from time to time, you got that right.
Immigration control, but not military protections. Haven't needed them. Still not sure at this point that we do now, but...I'm less convinced of that security than I was ten years ago.
A very well-trained one. I mean, it's also tiny and poorly equipped, but the training is top-notch.
What a well-reasoned rebuttal.
"My boss might get mad!"
The first one ends with: "On the 19th they awoke to snow in the secret crevices of the earth. It curled through the cracks in the pavement that ran along their haven like ideograms in an elegant alien language. They read it and knew finally that, in the end, the eddy of the maelstrom can never be fought. The pull of that swirling, massing energy can only be ridden, to whatever ends may come." The second one ends with: "“We can’t do this on our own,” he told her, “we never could. Sometimes, you simply have to rely on other people”."
Stuart: "I've tracked the man I hold responsible for the death of my wife and child across this disintegrating country and by God I'll see him dead." Tommy: "Oklahoma sucked and this girl I was into migrated to California so I'm going to try to follow her there and hope for the best."
TIL seeking asylum is "breaking the law." Guess we've found C+ Santa Monica Fascist's Reddit account.
The problem with electoral reform is that it's nearly impossible to get a consensus on what form we should use.
Oh no, they aren't being *kept* in the kitchens.
I doubt they even have a way to match up children and parents. I doubt very much that they even tried to establish a database to keep records in. Because records can be used against you when you go on trial for crimes against humanity.
It's illegality is the point. The courts will strike it down and he'll put on his stupid look and say "huh, guess the courts and the Democrats really want family separation."
Oh I guess this makes it all right then.
Who's going to put them in prison? The law enforcement system, which is complicit in it? The government, which implemented the program to function exactly as it has?
No but your fervent need to push this supposed gotcha point leads me to believe that you probably are.
Lindsay Shepherd is an attention whore. If she's unemployable she should maybe look at her inability to follow guidelines as an employee and her embrace of white nationalists like Faith Goldy. Downvotes to the left, people.
What's hilarious is you think that tortured bit of reasoning is clever.
I don't know about popularity but Nixon did manage to successfully paint his opponent George McGovern as an acid-soaked hippie who was going to make the youth of America into a bunch of commie-sympathetic perverts. You can imagine how well that went over in the beginning of the American Hangover of the 1970s.
1972-1973. The admission that the war was all but lost conjoined with the energy crisis drove the US into a spiral.
I want a goddamn full-size Wheel of Time RPG, preferably in the style of Pillars of Eternity.
Cheering this shit on.
"At what point do NATO air strikes get pointed at America under the auspices of R2P?" -Muammar Gaddafi's Violated Corpse
R2P WHEN
LMAO that fucking lineup of sources, want to throw some WordPress blogs in there while you're at it?
So Space Force directly leads to Roger Wilco? I'm surprisingly down with this.
Because they are themselves the weak victims of capitalism.
&gt;decimated Funny way of saying "won the popular vote", but English is an evolving language so who knows.
"Please massa, don't harm us, we'll do whatever you want!" -You
Lmao that last sentence is such obvious projection.
That's not the point here. The point is the word "decimation." It implies the election wasn't close. It certainly was.
The margin in EV victory was small as well. Like 46th out of 58 small. Larger than either of Bush's victories, to be fair, but much smaller than either of Obama's victories, Clinton's victories, or Bush Sr's one win.
She got more votes than Obama in 2008 and only like 100,000 or so less than Obama 2012.
Very nice.
Yeah everyone knows you don't know anything until you're 35.
Refuse to entertain even the idea of picking a new Justice until after the midterms. Don't play the game at all. If the Republicans insist on ramming it through, don't show up. Deny them quorum. Remember that time the Democrats in one state (I don't remember which) literally left the state to prevent the Republicans from ramming through some piece of garbage or another and the GOP sent the police after them? That. It's time to stop pretending that the other side is interested in respecting parliamentary norms. They aren't. They're interested in ratfucking until they get what they want and if the Democrats don't start playing the same game they've lost.
On one hand, the US version has William H Macy. There is no other hand.
I find that lit markets are actually more open to simultaneous submissions than genre, in my experience anyway. Submittable has made it a lot easier for people to quickly withdraw once a magazine has accepted a piece.
It's industry standard for lit mags, except in Canada of course. Canadian lit mags prefer you deliver a handwritten manuscript by horse courier.
To shreds you say.
"I got a call yesterday from a little film company down here in the valley, and they’re doing the packaging for Warner Brothers on Babylon Five, which I worked on. I did a very long, very interesting on-camera interview about the making of Babylon Five early on. So she calls me and she tells me they’d like to use it on the DVD, and can that be arranged? And I said, “Absolutely, all you gotta do is pay me,” and she said, “What?” And I said, “You gotta pay me!” She said, “Well, everybody else is, just, you know, doing it for nothing.” I said, everybody else may be an asshole, but I’m not.” I said. “By what right would you call me and ask me to work for nothing? Do you get a paycheck?” “Well yes—” I says, “Does your boss get a paycheck? Do you pay the Telecity guy? Do you pay the cameraman? Do you pay the cutters? Do you pay the Teamsters when they schlep your stuff on the trucks? Then how—don’t you pay—would you go to a gas station and ask me to give you free gas? Would you go to the doctor and have him take out your spleen for nothing? How dare you call me and want me to work for nothing!” “Well, it would be good publi—” “Lady, tell that to someone a little older than you who has just fallen off the turnip truck. There is no publicity value in my interview being on your DVD. If you sell 2000 of them, it’ll be great. And what are people gonna say? ‘Oooo, I really like the way that guy gave that interview! I wonder if he’s ever written a book? Lemme go and buy the—’” “There’s no publicity value! The only value for me is if you put money in my hand. Cross my palm with silver, then you can use my essay.” And she says, “well, alright, thank you,” and she hangs up. I’ll never hear from her. “They want everything for nothing. They wouldn’t go for five seconds without being paid. And they’ll bitch about how much they’re paid, and want more. I should do a freebie for Warner Brothers? What, is Warner Brothers out with an eye patch and a tin cup on the street? Fuck, no. They always want the writer to work for nothing. And the problem is that there’s too goddamned many writers who have no idea that they’re supposed to be paid every time they do something. They do it for nothing! Look at me, I’m gonna be noticed! You tell me, are they any less the media whore than am I? I think not, it’s just that nobody’s offered to buy their soul. I sell my soul, but at the highest rates. I don’t take a piss without getting paid for it.” “I get so angry about this because you’re undercut by all the amateurs. It’s the amateurs who make it tough for the professionals. Because when you act professional, these people are so used to getting it for nothing, to mooching, and to being able to pass off this bullshit, and they don’t even send you a copy of the DVD! You have to call them and say, “Where’s the DVD?” And they say, “Well it’s been out, you know you could go to the store and buy it—” “You go to the store and buy it, motherfucker. You send me the goddamned DVD or I’m gonna come to your studios, to your offices, and I’m gonna burn it to the ground, how about that?”" -Harlan Ellison (1934-2018)
Oh shit this worked fam
"Why does that matter" Jesus fucking Christ man exercise some thinking. American dairy is so heavily subsidized that without protective tariffs they could just dump their entire quantity on us and our dairy industry wouldn't be able to compete. If we're talking free trade then their subsidies need to go before our supply management/tariff system can be dropped.
Thank goodness, they don't always in Niagara.
LMAO it certainly won't hurt. I don't know about help without more info but the degree of helpfulness would probably depend on the program.
Andrew Scheer.
*What* State Department?
And I thought Sam "Home Schooled God Ruled" Oosterhoff as PA to the Education Minister was bad enough.
JT was an elected MP as well. In further fact, he'd been elected more than Ford's one term as city councillor (a job he couldn't be bothered to show up for most of the time).
What a pig-ignorant thing to say.
&gt;Marxist Wynne Lmao I wish.
I honestly wish he'd stuck it out with his degree in poli sci, Matt Hennigar is one of the best constitutional scholars out there right now and he might have at least hammered *some* sense into Oosterhoff over the course of a B.A.
Fuck you *and* your both sides bullshit, kemosabe.
Sexually harassing people isnt a "small mistake" though. Instead of avoiding all women maybe these guys could, I dunno, keep their hands to themselves?
And in record time!
I'm fairly convinced we actually voted in ham sandwich
I like that you didn't provide any evidence of your argument, just an assertion that the other person was a child.
Several very obvious consensus picks from this year were left out by a blog desperate to prove how edgy and with-it it is. It's honestly the most Pitchforky list Pitchfork has put out in years and I kind of admire it for that.
This government could honestly not be more incompetent if they tried.
Fuck, that too.
His supporters don't think.
As someone else who pays taxes, no one gives a fuck what you think.
Yeah sure, gas tax, beer tax, carbon tax, our credit rating. Cuts all around. Honestly who faces down a large debt load and says "actually I think we'll choose to make less revenue"? Chucklefucks who slept through most of the one economics class they were required to take as part of the business degree their daddy paid for, that's who.
WHAT free stuff am I supposedly getting? Honestly it just sounds like you're exactly as I described. Come on chief, tell me exactly what free stuff I'm getting that you'd cut.
You'd be shocked at what you don't require a written contract for.
Lindsay Sheppard is a fucking grifter, full stop, just like all her fellow grifters in the alt-grift space.
Its just another form of /r/AsABlackMan
Well, sometimes it's easy. Like, for example, if someone said "I used to be a Liberal" but they post steaming shit from the Daily Wire, that's a pretty good clue that someone isnt being upfront.
There was your first mistake.
Cookin'
This is actually an article full of Grade A bullshit.
Bolton as Secretary of Defense is probably the end of the world and that's not hyperbole.
Capitalism's contempt for human beings is concerning, says me.
Is cocaine still the drug of choice for the insufferable set, or have you finally gotten hip to crystal meth?
But why male models?
...the fuck, I just whistled. First time in my life.
Is this a spoiler for Shape Of Water 2?
I'm sure that your criteria for separating "real" issues from "nonsensical" issues would be enlightening.
Haha Cyril Scheer
My current favourite polling conspiracy theory is that when polls show the PCs out of the lead, they're only polling "downtown Toronto".
Is she paying $7 per month or is she paying the full amount up front? There's a difference and you damn well know it.
Haha you think birth control is only used for sex that's funny.
During an election? Come on now.
It's literally my favourite thing on Earth that I get these emails directly in my inbox on the regular but the Plotly verification email I need is lost in spam limbo until I get the spam report at some indeterminate future hour. I love it so, so much.
I'm glad someone else thought of this. Every time I see these articles I put on Ziggy Stardust. I've been playing it an awful lot lately.
Clearly it's a substitute for something else.
The cruelty is the point.
Stay off the crack.
You're right, how absurd. Pooh Bear has a higher approval rating than Doug, after all.
\&gt;$170,000 before taxes \&gt;Toronto \&gt;rich lel
Tell him to eat a fucking dick.
&gt; this just smacks of penny pinching for a holiday. In Ontario we call that a Doug Ford Holiday Special
Because it's a brokerage party that encompasses many different opinions and not a lock-step ideological party?
Take your upvote and get out.
Devendra Banhart...now that is a name I have not heard in a long time. A long time.
Principals are administrators. Teachers are teachers.
&gt; make an objective argument as to why they should be protected from something that is a reality for most. You are speaking from the vantage of a private firm competing globally and trying to make proclamations on justice regarding a public profession that is only competing on a provincial basis. You say that it's "not fair" that you have the pressures of competition and teachers do not. Well, so what? Who cares what you find fair and not? I don't find it fair that a high-level administrator makes several hundred thousand per year while I make much less - but we do very different things and you can't really compare it. Teachers aren't competing globally. You are. I'm sorry that you find it unfair that you and they are in completely different situations, but on a more practical level I just don't care.
I did elsewhere, To sum it up though: it's not the fault of teachers that they work in a completely different field than you and it's not my fault that you're so easy to dunk on. Quit crying about both and do something about them. Instead of whining about how hard you have it, better your situation.
Lmaoooooooo "I don't provide evidence for my assertions unless I'm 100% sure you completely agree with me." -You
This is the war that never ends, yes it goes on and on my friend Some people started fighting it not knowing what it was And we'll continue fighting it forever just because this is the war that never ends...
/r/AsABlackMan
A few I haven't seen in this list: 'Gold, Fame, Citrus' by Claire Vaye Watkins - maybe not quite an "apocalypse" but definitely the collapse of California, very atmospheric and some great examinations of human interactions in the ruins. 'California' by Eden Lepucki - same deal, California has collapsed, but climate change has caused serious problems elsewhere as well (I nicked the idea of a major American city being destroyed by a catastrophic winter storm in an ongoing fix-up novel of mine from this book). Mystery that deepens to terror and then revelation. 'Into The Forest' by Jean Hegland - A man and his two daughters move to a supposedly self-sufficient house in the woods after the American economy collapses completely. Basically it's about family, sisters, and the yearning to be free. Contains a VERY controversial scene in the final quarter of the book. 'Zone One' - Colson Whitehead - yes, Pulitzer Prize-winning author Colson Whitehead. While most zombie novels are straight trash, it is without a doubt in my mind that *Zone One* is *the* zombie novel to end all zombie novels. I don't want to spoil anything and I don't know if I can do the prose justice so: just read it.
They have to convince the rest of the populace that it's not only moral but practical to slaughter the poor en masse. Give it time.
No. He can say whatever he likes. The people doing the hiring want degrees, and they don't care that you went to the School of Hard Knocks and have a diploma in Life.
/u/KishCom you obviously didn't see this, what to you are the top 5 most atrocious aspects of our current k-12 system?
&gt; $95,000 per year for any new teachers Which brings up a good point. Children - don't do drugs.
LMAO Why does every single conservative suffer from a deep-seated anger problem? It's like the one unifying factor. Anyway, teaching is a profession much like medicine and the law and as such it should be paid appropriate to other professions. I'm sure you assume they're just lazy glorified babysitters and I am here to tell you that you can get fucked. Straight up. No debate, just me telling you that you're wrong. If you have a problem with what you're being paid, take it up with your own employer. Quit projecting your own frustrated sense of inadequacy on everyone else and fix your own life.
You mean /r/metacanada?
We're through the looking glass here, people.
"Being shitty to brown people" isn't a policy.
mUh CeNsOrShIp
He's not the one being sterilized.
##SO DAMN MAD LMAO
Reverse vampires
Door, ass, way out.
####MAD
Make your own internet with blackjack and hookers.
Half chan won't tolerate you much longer tbh. Remember when mootykins banned /new/ and then only created /pol/ because you losers were bothering all the other boards?
Guy just wants his dick sucked, how is that homophobia?
I mean, the fact that Reddit did something about it kind of shocked me.
Remember that this is the site that blew up into a drama storm once because /r/atheism had to click twice to see their memes instead of just the once.
Hell yeah, you just can't post.
They're pro-whatever dumb shit the GOP is doing at any one given time. Since Oregon Republicans were threatening to kill cops, TD thus predictably became pro-cop killing.
muh false flag
Pretty sure he just wants his dick sucked. Otherwise why ask for the orderly queue?
Despite all this, *Station To Station* is one of his best records.
The PM is private competition for the CBC in the same sense that the National Enquirer is private competition for the New York Times.
Reddit isn't purporting to be a news organization.
The substantive difference is that Reddit is a loose collection of message forums and the Post Millenial is a news organization. There's literally no comparison to be made save for the idea that both allow comments to be made, which is the point of one but not the other.
Please don't encourage Barosa. That kind of statement is just going to go straight to his head.
Ford is only saved from being the most hated Premier in all of Confederation by McNeil in Nova Scotia. As per the last poll only 18% approve of him. By contrast, it took the Liberals 15 years and 2 Premiers to hit that level. He's been in power just over a year. Pretty much everyone but the people who stake their lives on being absolute contrarians will shit on him.
Even 20% is too many.
No, they're APCs, same oppressive effect but less ostentatious.
No, the House of Saud funds Wahhabist terrorist organizations around the world. It is literally the biggest state sponsor of terrorism. This is common knowledge that even a cursory glance at the literature would show. The only reason it doesn't get more press in North America is that without Saudi partnership the existence of Israel becomes a lot dicier.
China holds nearly one-third of global renewable energy patents. They've made investments into renewable energy that dwarf the rest of the world. They see the writing on the wall, they aren't stupid, and so they are making globally large-scale moves to avoid future instability and to corner the future market in green energy. China is doing their part, places like Canada aren't.
Yeah they were regulars at the El Mo. Also the Prime Minister's mom.
I don't have any issue.
(Unavailable)
If one's parents are this fucking dumb then their son mocking them on the internet is the least of their concern. I would be afraid they'd forget how to breathe, or that they might start tasting the candy under the sink. Stop coddling stupid people. North America especially has been coddling stupid Boomers for far too long.
Why is it always Niagara
I believe that this is what the literature refers to as a "Whoopsidoodle."
Bud it was full of Iranians. If it wasn't a technical failure then what happened was some overtrained and underintelligent junior officer launched security measures against an aircraft he thought was a threat because of the high alert situation. That same junior officer is almost assuredly not going to live out the week.
Ah, the Berlin Interpretation debate. So is Minesweeper a roguelike then?
I just saw them play with the Offspring and I went in way more excited about the Offspring and came out way more impressed with Sum 41. Feels weird to say but they're a really good live band.
So... They're going to print up a receipt. Send it up to "someone higher up." That higher-up person is going to receive this receipt and draw up an itemized bill for your single perogie. They are then going to email you this bill - this bill for a single perogie - alongside a threat that failure to pay this bill will result in...consequences. ...let's logically work through this. A bag of perogies goes for $2 at No Frills. That 907g of perogies for $2. For the sake of argument let's say you get 20 perogies in a bag. It might be more, it might be less, but we'll use that to hang our hat on. That makes each individual perogie worth ten cents. So the caf worker is going to expend labour to make a receipt, the administrator is going to expend labour billing you, and then the administrator is going to expend further labour in collecting on the bill, for ten cents worth of food. I think you're good.
AF put on one of the best shows I've ever seen during the Suburbs tour, plus I got to see Janelle Monae open up for them.
Except for the ten year period between 1985 and 1995, every Ontario government has lasted at least two full terms. Hell we did 40 years of PC governments after WW2, just like Alberta.
This is an Ontario provincial poll. The frontrunners in this poll are the leaderless option.
Average global temperature five degrees C higher than the benchmark. Between 4-6 is considered to be likely civilization-ending.
\&gt;Believing anything on Must Knows That's a paddlin'
It's her expression while she does it.
I have a deep and abiding love for Be Your Own PET
Comments like this are why Mao got so popular.
"I can't kick an old lady out on the street over 3 cents, this is *literally* Soviet Canuckistan." Do you even hear yourself?
&gt;he solidified his control through campaigns against landlords
You're being deliberately dense as a bit, right?
Now now, every protest I've been to in London has been quite peaceful. You can't trust Londoners to peacefully *drink*. That's the problem in this city.
You specifically, in fact.
This IS an American issue and Americans need to sort their shit out, but let's not stand around and jerk each other off about how great things are here, because we definitely have our own problems.
Flag on the left looks like it might flame up nicely with the right encouragement.
It's not really a very good question. At the same time, if you're too dense to get an obvious joke then you're too dense for an adult discussion.
Really? You honestly thought I was saying that this protest was motivated by you, specifically, an anonymous Redditor? That's the stance you're taking, is it? That you have Main Character Syndrome and you thought I was actually accusing you, TV show username guy, of being the key figure in racism across North America?
God, too true.
It is, it's from Lies And The Lying Liars Who Tell Them.
I feel like that's in the same book but on the other hand I might be wrong and I might have read more than one Al Franken book in the 00s.
My boy the 3rd Krassenstein comin' in hot with the FBI leaks.
Kill the protagonist in the first five pages and have the rest of the book be about the mundane life of a street vendor who witnessed the whole thing but forgets about it a couple of days later.
Understatement of the year
Well if there's one thing the GTA really needs...
My uncle once got me a strip of condoms and the number for "this girl" he knew. I was 13. He also got me into hex-based wargaming so I would characterize my relationship with him as...problematic.
Remember the time Peterson tried to debate Zizek and got owned so hard he went into a coma for months?
The police budget in 2019 was $107 million, which represented a 35% increase from 2018.
Your generation fought the Nazis to the death and once they got old your kids decided they liked the Nazis better.
The earliest use of 'based' I can remember was in regards to Lil' B, tha Based God. 2010-2011 maybe? /mu/ used it so much that it spread to other boards and then of course /pol/ took it because dipshittery can only parody, it cannot create. The deplorables brought it with them when they left /pol/ to spread their bullshit IRL.
My bad it was 35% over the decade. Over the same period the city's operating budget increased 14%. https://globalnews.ca/news/7043919/black-lives-matter-defund-london-police-budget/
Ah yes, the Milwaukee Police Department, who recently strongly resisted investigating a known child sex trafficking house even after kids went missing and their parents tracked their phones to the house. Then, after a crowd gathered near the house they defended the house with teargas and flashbangs, after which the house "mysteriously" lit on fire and burned down, taking much of the evidence with it.
This is sort of the main thread on the 40th and Lloyd incident, there are some Urban Milwaukee articles in there as well as a bunch of other stuff. https://twitter.com/partymom6/status/1275595157098893315?s=19
