If it was a regulated tenancy started before January 1989 you and/or your sister should be able to inherit it. You absolutely MUST get legal advice before saying anything or especially signing anything from your landlord. He would be absolutely delighted to get this tenancy cancelled and be able to rent at market rates. If you need a housing lawyer, give me a poke - there is an excellent one round the corner from me.
Get a thermometer and leave it in the pan. Super unstressful (bear in mind it boils at 96C or something, not 100C. For extra points get an alarm thermometer that beeps when it hits, say, 90C.
MIL had young teenage boys. Yes. They know. They know *everything*.
Certainly sounds like a collie. Not digging at you, but he may well be bored. They need something to think about.
Sheets and blankets instead of duvets. You'd have thought there would have been some discussion about it but nope. Just....gone.
Once, someone dumped ten years worth of Paul Raymond's finest in the woods near out home. Took me nearly a week to cart my haul home...fortunately it was the hot summer of '95 so no rain to spoil my prizes. I didn't really think about the logistics of possessing two large boxes of old-fashioned pornography in the bottom of my cupboard, but it turns out my mother had opinions.
We didn't put the mats out because it "took too long". Honestly, I see these Facebook things about how "we never had any of this health and safety nonsense" and I just think, yep, that's confirmation bias, right there.
For historical reasons there are a small number of plates extant without numbers, all of them special cases of one sort or another. They can be transferred like any other, though they're not worth much as they're just random letters and also owners get stopped a lot by cops who assume they're false.
The main advantage was - in theory that the individual blankets were quite thin wool, so you could use the correct number for the level of warmth you want, instead of just randomly buying a duvet in Argos and hoping for the best. It's not really much more effort than a duvet (plus you don't have to get the stupid thing in there). And when you get it all nice and tight and slide inside it's very snuggly.
I keep meaning to go and check the phone numbers of those boxes so I can ring them up at random times and mess with people.
I think the alienation of Tony Blair is one of the maddest paroxysms that has gripped the British public, certainly in living memory. Westminster has been poorer for his absence.
Don't know if they're available in your part of the world but I took a punt on a brand called More Mile and they are very good. They were about £30 I think.
In English, language do evolve, kind sir! Prithee think on this awhile.
&gt; He is certainly not poorer for leaving Westminster. You do not know that. There is no publicly available data on Blair's wealth or income, and he has stated several times that the bulk of his wealth is in his properties. He has reorganised his various businesses and foundations several times in accordance with his activities, yes, which is something that is completely normal.
&gt; should be on trial for war crimes But he hasn't committed any war crimes, and there is no basis to indict him. &gt;corruption You have no evidence for that statement, and it is frankly libellous.
&gt; He did take us in to Iraq He did, and vast numbers of people agreed with him, as I did. Though most have conveniently forgotten. &gt; the UN had voted against it That was not what the UN vote was about. &gt; the British people demonstrated against it As is their right. &gt; his wife is a pain-in-the-arse Your misogyny does not strengthen your position. And please don't pretend it is anything else.
There are a couple of problems here; first, students will complain about *any* trace of an accent, so schools often aren't aware when there actually is a problem. Secondly, a strong accent that takes some effort to understand can actually be beneficial, as students pay more attention. Of course, if it's too strong....
I think a big part of it is that because connections are so easy to make now - in theory at least - people become much more reticent about actually committing time and effort with any one collaboration or partnership. Whereas forty years ago you collaborated with the guys in high school or the guys that hung out at the music shop because there was nowhere else (I exaggerate, of course, but you get the idea).
Two things make a real difference for me 1 - It doesn't matter if you don't finish something 2 - Just start already.
Nope. He just admired them.
No, not necessarily. It implies an awareness of your ambitation; for example, in the famous music hall song: *watchin aa the factory lasses* *stottin doon the street* The ladies are not drunk, they are posing, with their 'flashy-dashy petticoats', their 'flashy-dasy shawls', and their 'five-and-a-tanner gutty boots'.
&gt; Remember mattress girl? Yes. I believe her. &gt; At the university level, it doesn't take a conviction to end your academic career, it takes an accusation. If I recall correctly, the alleged perpetrator in the "mattress girl" case suffered no consequences whatsoever, which was rather the whole point. &gt; an acquaintance of mine I too know first hand of false accusations. I also know that *every single woman* I know well enough to have the conversation with has been raped or sexually assaulted.
I don't think you realise how short the time is between those alerts being issued and missiles landing, or how long it takes to push off a plane and get it in the air to a safe altitude. Or how many people it takes on the ground to get a passenger plane airborne.
couple of days still
&gt; the ICBM flight time is something like 20 minutes From take-off, yes. It takes time to (a) detect a launch and (b) get a sufficiently accurate fix on flight path to determine a target (which can only happen once the firing stage has ceased). The alert then needs to be distributed. The purpose of these alerts is to tell people to get under the nearest desk, NOW, not to start working on a complex evacuation plan on the hoof.
I think pretty much everything about the investigation is priced in, up and until Trump gets slapped with something specific.
Edinburgh? Edinburgh has the legal power by Act of Parliament to order property owners to make repairs using specific contractors. That didn't get abused at all...
To us Brits arugula sounds posh, mostly cos we have no idea what it is. Rocket does not sound posh, mostly because rocket is a slang term for the kind of person that takes the_donald and/or latestagecapitalism seriously. Edit: I see we have members of the_donald and/or latestagecapitalism with us here today. Welcome.
a big green leafy spider with tomato eyes
&gt; Martina Hingis butt Jesus Christ the internet can be creepy sometimes.
You Won't Believe What Industry Reddit Decided Should Die!
They make sense on some types of route, but congested roads in developed areas, nope. Trains are much more expensive than trams, though. The engineering is much more demanding.
Sack people. No, really. Pick the laziest, grumpiest, most pointless kilt-occupier you have and turf him out. He's doing nothing for you. You can do that right now and lose nothing. Six months later, do it again. As the band leadership, you're not there to engage in discussions about what good music is or how pipe bands are run. If you ask people to learn tunes and they turn up not having made an effort, send them away to sort themselves out. If only 5 members are turning up to a relatively major event, that suggests you would be better off having a band of 5 members.
If you ring up a few local piano techs/tuners they can probably advise you who to call that can service the beast. However, it may well be that the cost of the work exceeds the value of the instrument. It may be worth seeing if the covers can be removed and the key mechanisms accessed. If so, you have a fair chance of fixing any issues yourself.
Not specific, but I'm slowly working my way through Mikrokosmos at the moment and I can say it is working wonders for me.
Car crashes are very unpredictable. Poison someone, all you have to do is take care of the autopsy.
In Scotland, we used to employ a bagpiper to wander round the streets every morning.
Generally speaking, people are leery about tunes in D. Which is a shame, there are some crackers out there and it can be a real head turner.
History remains mostly silent on this point.
&gt; wrong What implications does being "wrong" have? Will the voicing police take you away? Will the venue manager ban you for life? Will people leave bad Amazon reviews on your recordings? Will people nudge each other as you pass by in public places?
&gt; Is there something like 'no feeling for rhythm?' Yes, it's called lack of practice. Specifically, lack of *effective* practice that leads to *improvement*. Can you tap a steady pulse? Without a metronome.
You seem confused about what it means to play music. You don't become the best musician by being able to play the most notes. The only people who care are people like you, and I can assure you that's a pretty small category.
One thing that is really interesting rewatching Help! is the undertone of violence that is present throughout the piece. It's difficult to overstate how much more instinctively peaceful society has become since that era.
cat /dev/urandom &gt; dd /dev/sdc
I'm not far shy of the 1000lb club and I use 250g (~1/2lb) weights all the time. Very useful they are too.
I am a professional musician, thank you. Your video shows someone solving the problem by rolling the chords. That's one solution, but it's not always appropriate. Sometimes voicing is simply not critical.
Come back to me when you own cats and tell me about cleaning up fur :p
&gt; Even the most well trained dogs I've ever met have pooped inside from time to time. Um, *no*. In a lifetime of owning dogs, literally never. Either they were not well trained or their owners were neglectful. &gt; Sorry that some people aren't unemployed If no-one is at home for 8+ hours a day, you should not own a dog, full stop.
Jesus Christ. The girl managed to escape from him while handcuffed, left her shoes behind to prove she'd been in the car and the cops *still* did nothing.
(1) - sheepskin, watertrap. I've got a trap-dri in but if anything it's too dry. (2) - Bannatyne, Ross canister. Kept in ziploc bags and not normally dried out.
The other thing is that as a teacher, it takes me a few lessons to work out what kind of pupil you are and how you respond to my teaching. Do you take in what I'm saying? Do you practice my suggestions? Do you retain an understanding of what I've told you? How independent a musician are you?
&gt; how important or nice Not even in the slightest, to be honest. They're just features makers add so that their list of features is longer than their competitors. The Roland and Kawai I'm not familiar with. I would personally cross the Casio off my list; my local teaching college uses them and they are nowhere near the quality of keyboard as the Yamaha.
Knowing journalists gets you some very juicy gossip. I was aware of the Blair/Deng thing for years before it came out (though I didn't believe a word of it, more fool me).
hi
Someone needs a sandwich, I think.
It's only a political debate in one country, the only country in the world where this regularly happens.
Grew up in the country (UK). Can confirm that the damn stuff literally grows on trees. It was everywhere.
I wouldn't worry about the differences. The difference between all of them and a real acoustic is quite large. Pick one you like and try and get a chance to play a decent acoustic once in a while.
Just because you *say* you love animals, and even *act* like it, doesn't mean you do. There's the equivalent of the Nice Guy for animal lovers.
Only in the more civilised cities.
You don't want to do it this way. When you send an email with a "from" field, you're saying that the user with that email sent that email. Much of the protection around email is based on ensuring that is actually the case. However, your user isn't sending you an email (as far as she knows). So you shouldn't be saying they are. You can set a reply-to field (I don't know if you can in sendgrid, but I'd think so) which may be what you need. The spam folder thing is not down to sendgrid though, it's down to your end and whatever processing it's receiving on your end.
&gt; How would you set a reply-to field in Django? Absolutely no idea, sorry, I don't know anything about the specifics. &gt; But if even gmail puts all the emails to spam then it's sendgrid that isn't doing something right All gmail is doing is saying, given all the information I have about this email, I think it's not legitimate. That's obviously something to do with the way it comes from sendgrid, but it's not sendgrid's *fault*, if that makes sense. Sewndgrid is responsible for something like 40% of all sent emails, they aren't getting it systematically wrong. Making email work is always a pain and always worth trying almost anything else rather than havbing to send emails.
Notice how every button and comment has a "save" link on it? It's dead handy ;)
Expecting guests to behave in a certain way is a sure route to an early heart attack. They're going to show up late, early, not at all, ask stupid questions, break stuff, and spend all day in the bathroom. I have my check-out and check-in time as the same thing - that means people generally understand clearly that cleaning has to fit in around that somehow. And when I say to people the place may not be ready because someone else is checking out, they understand.
Just because that's the posted time, doesn't mean that's when they'll arrive. And in my case, they very rarely do.
Guests just don't care. If they turn up early and you tell them, hi, sorry the place isn't ready yet, but if you want to relax in the living room/bedroom/whatever I'll be [however long], well, that's fine. Mark them down if they are actual dicks about it but it's not exactly unusual for accommodation to be ready well before the given time for it to be ready, so it's not unusual for people to turn up early.
My system is to (a) buy a load of frozen chicken breasts, boil them, then slice them and portion into 200g freezer bags, which go in the freezer. These then become lunch each day with a salad. Because I have to shop every day or two for salad ingredients, I'm more organised about a main meal as well. I agree 100% that calorie tracking is the most efficient and effective way to get your food intake correct, but I find doing this is changing my behaviour, which is more important to me.
I think you are deeply deluded as to (a) the amount of input that a journalist has on the headline their piece takes and (b) the amount of time that is put into deciding a headline in total in the context of everything else a newsroom has to do. &gt; how disconnected media is That is mostly the fault of a generation who refuse to pay for journalism.
The highlighting can be a little confusing at times. Basically, Python starts at a known good point and then keeps going until it's either managed to process a chunk or figured out you've made an error. If the chunk is a long one - your if block covers several lines - it will highlight the bit where it *started* to go wrong, but the error is further on.
&gt; Hypothetically yes, you could eat all 250g at once. No - your body will just use most of it as fuel. It should be spaced out in 3-4 hour intervals: https://startingstrength.com/training/stop-wasting-money-nutrition-supplements-that-actually-work
In the low 470s, it's kinda OK. At 480, it's horrendous. Though it's worth adding that organs are often not at concert pitch, so it pays to ask.
&gt; He may not be aware His lack of awareness is entirely voluntary, hence my use of the word. &gt; The press was similar. No, it was not. Sears missed a business opportunity. The media, by and large, saw it, but failed to understand how to make it work. And regardless, journalism is expensive and must be paid for and if you don't pay for it out of your pocket, someone else will pay for the media you consume and they will not do so out of the goodness of their hearts.
They specify exactly where the rail is relative to the slider thing (which is fixed in place). So if the rail moves for some reason, it's easy to spot and easy to return to where it should be.
You've got to watch out for /u/katethared's cat.
What you've got is much, much better than nothing. It's more about efficiency than quality; private lessons would get you where you're going a bit quicker, and with fewer reversions, but you are far better off doing them than not doing piano at all.
I said I'd get it to you, OK? Just don't set the cat on me *again,* please...
\*shudders\*
BMI gets more "wrong" the further you are from an average height, and the "healthy" ranges were set back when y'all were a couple of inches shorter.
Yes, it's tricky. I'm well over weight but I'm also relatively strong; BMI puts me at about 35 but my bodyfat is nowhere near the level you'd expect for that sort of number.
Richard? Is that you?
I'm legally exempt.
I found Rudolf Haken's scales in double stops a very helpful document, in combination with drone tones (as I responded to another comment, dronetonetool.com is handy for this).
My understanding - and I may be wrong - is that once you upload it, Airbnb verifies it then flags you as verified, but deletes the actual data.
Hah. The original version of that comment that replied to me consisted of the first two lines.
Do you feel you've actually recovered when you're arriving at the gym, or are you still clearly feeling it from last time? My view is late in LP, recovery and adaption takes longer. Have you reset and are you microloading? Long armed people are less mechanically efficient in the bench so you'd expect to run out of road relatively earlier than us short-arses.
Ivory was very commonly used for all sorts of musical instruments. And often, there really isn't a replacement that's objectively better. Ivory has unusual qualities of hardness, resilience, grip and aesthetic attractiveness that no other material combines in one package. Which is why it was used, of course.
Old pianos are typically junk. Large, badly maintained machines made of parts you can't buy any more, often with significant structural failings.
There's a story that he ran over Prince Charle's foot, and when asked about it said, "that's a lie and I'll run over the foot of anyone who repeats it".
You can use string harmonics to demonstrate where notes "come" from, then explain that as the ratio you divide the string in gets bigger (2,3,4, etc), you generate a series of notes that "fill in" the scale. Then you can explain that as you go to higher and higher numbers, some of those notes are very close to each other, so in practice we cut it off and only use seven notes in any particular scale. But now if we use one of those other notes as our starting point, we get back some of the same notes we've already created, but also some new ones, that are in between notes we had before. If we do this systematically, we end up with 12 equal semitones. When you're explaining this, you're doing a little bit of handwaving about equal temperament and just intonation, and I think that's the right thing to do at this level of understanding. I think it's a good idea to explain the physical origin of scale structure, and not pretend it's completely arbitrary. At the same time, explaining in detail how we get from harmonic modes of a string to equal temperament is a lot of information and it's not really answering the question. A much, much simpler way of explaining it is to show them the concept of key, and explain that in order for the listener to know where the "home" note is, there needs to be a smaller gap so that the listener can recognise it.
There is a story that they were transported to France on two ships. One was a cold storage ship converted to a troop transport at great expense; the other was a passenger ferry converted at great expense to a cold storage ship then pressed into service as a troop transport.
I think we've all been guilty of dating too soon at some point. Poor lad. Poor you, too. Not much fun watching all that come out.
I don't know! Smaller places have much less of a "NEXT!" culture than big-city dating does.
Hmm, sounds like they could be tricky.
I mean, I can understand that many packages can be safely folded, but one would think the giant red DO NOT BEND stickers might have hinted that something was amiss.
My view is - your crimes may justify capital punishment, but I don't think the State can be trusted with that power. I'm not completely convinced of the former but I am quite certain of the latter.
Blairites represent!
This is an urban myth - it was a protocol that arose because of the need to connect networks on different stands - hence, Transmission Content Protocol *over* Internet Protocol.
&gt; They can't give permission for those that was recorded! That is not how the law works.
&gt; It's the person that owns the camera equipment that owns the copyright Still wrong. &gt; None of them gave permission for them to record. Because it is not needed. You're being ridiculous.
&gt; Why you being an arse about it? Because if you come on a public forum and rant about the law, you should do so accurately. &gt; I'm being ridiculous Yes. How do you think media would work in a world where photography required permission? Excuse me, Mr Naughty Person, may we film you breaking into this shop? Revenge porn is very obviously not the same shit, as evinced by the fact it is covered by different laws.
&gt; But there is still no law I've already explained to you why not. You can either take some time to understand this, or continue getting worked up about things that will not change. Or end up in a jail cell.
&gt; There should be a law from protecting unsuspecting people from being recorded. Why?
You're going round in circles.
&gt; I've held my stance and point of view since the very first comment. Without ever explaining it.
&gt; I find it immoral. Yes, but that's not an explanation, that's just a restatement of your position in different words.
You mean the if __name__ == '__main__':? That's just a handy trick when you want the file to be able to be used as a module by something else, but also to work on its own. So if you did import on the contents of this file, the if __name__ wouldn't be run. But if you ran it from the command line, it would.
Saying something is "immoral" is not a get out of jail free card. There is still a reason why something is immoral, or at least there should be.
e-bikes are getting pretty cheap now, if you take it easy you arrive as fresh as a daisy and smug as a mug.
Noise cancelling headphones and brown noise, bliss.
That's because the rhythms are hard and it doesn't matter what time signature you use. I think the notation is perfectly clear, but short notes, instruments with slow attacks, and every voice doing something different is asking for trouble. If this was my problem, I would rearrange the bass line to be more regular to give everyone something to latch onto, maybe simply turning it all into quavers.
Her identity is known. She's been in newspapers quite recently. She's mostly bemused by the whole thing, it's like you made a throwaway comment on tumblr and came back three years later to discover a religion had formed around you.
&gt; So what, if I'm walking down the street and I see you I should turn away? How does this work? What if I'm filming a street scene and you walk into shot? Does everyone have an absolute right to privacy when out in public? If not, who does and who doesn't? Who gets to decide? And how is it enforced?
Sorry, Brit here. Quaver is an eighth note in American money.
Finding a smart girl in London who wants to tie me to a bed and call me names.
Really, it sounds like you had the right answer a year ago and you are putting someone else an ocean away in front of your own needs. Long distance relationships need a plan and without that it will end in tears. As for new guy, my one question is - are you quite sure the relationship with his spouse is actually over? Could he be telling you what you want to hear?
I'm getting Mallory Archer
"His men will follow him anywhere, if only out of curiosity"
My mother being disappointed, not angry.
why would you even post this
Basically, oil is more expensive than it has been for a while, due to all sorts of things. It's been rising (from a very low level) for a couple of years.
&gt; I'm not some scumbag lothario rubbing my dick against women on the subway. It turns out you don't have to do that to still be deeply unpleasant in your attitudes to women as your postings in this thread have already shown.
It is not, until the major operating systems agree a basic executable file format and then it actually filters through into desktops. And since a run-anywhere exe would be horribly bloated, there's no incentive to do it.
The numbers of students paying for their studies using sex work is a fucking scandal, and sooner or later the dam is going to burst, probably through some 18yo getting murdered because she had no other option.
The Economist pays relatively decently, as these things go, and she's doing research, not journalism.
All over the union, I'm afraid. Currently at war with them in London.
I worked for a salmon processor in a previous life. Found a jumper I used to wear there - 13 years ago - the other day. Still smelt vaguely of fish.
Upvoted for more sarcastic plox
For sure. But it's really noticeable that only certain men experience this, and they experience it with every woman they date. Make u think, as they say.
The Airbnb review system, summarised: 5 stars: accommodation occurred &lt;5 stars: let's risk someone's livelihood When you're faced with this as a host, you're between a rock and a hard place. Many guests don't understand that only a 5 star review is considered adequate under the Airbnb system. If you explain it, you risk coming across as weird.
There's a lot I like about womanhood in general, but yeah, I ain't sorry I don't get to share in that one :p
242/5341
We had them in Walworth up until a couple of years ago. Then we got the nasty thump-screen replacements.
In the cut-throat world of elite bagpipe competition, the question of whether judges of piping should be allowed to teach students who play in front of them in competition has been rumbling away for some years. Last year the Competing Piper's Association agreed at its AGM that its members would not appear in front of judges who had taught them in the last year. Most judges are on board with this - a prize given to your own student always smells a bit funny - but a small breakaway group insists there is nothing wrong with it, or that it's not a big problem. It's tricky. The best judges are also the best teachers - so what do we really want? Well taught pipers or well judged competitions?
How did you get into my luggage?
http://jackofkent.com/wp-content/uploads/2018/04/DbI8a2GWkAA8pGH.jpg
&gt; AT LEAST once a year Jaysus. I'm about 40 rehempings behind. In all seriousness, if you do it correctly, you should never need to do it again unless it rots (which is not Doing It Correctly anyway).
Smallpipe reeds can look very funny and be just fine. Find a troubleshooting guide and have a go to see if there's something simple that can be done to fix it, mostly likely setting the mouth opening. If that's no good, speak to Hendersons in the first instance.
I'm going to remove this on a Rule #1 basis - Medium is effectively a blog, not a media outlet.
&gt; and he's half pig
Fine words! I wonder where you stole them.
A major criticism of JFK's election campaign was the wisdom (or lack of) of electing a Catholic to high office.
As so often happens with these things it was pure fluke. A few guys were asked to do a bagpipe cover at a corporate gig, they made up the name when the MC asked who they were as they walked on stage, and very suddenly they were a thing.
The Peppers signed it off. As soon as the band started making money at it they approached them and (I gather somewhat to their surprise) they were given their blessing to use it.
It was a stupid pun. It is not and was never intended to confuse anyone.
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Anti-Catholicism_in_the_United_States
Because fire and rats.
Still around as far as I know. Robin is still cutting about. http://cowalbagpipes.com/beck-valve/
&gt; I've tried them both and they're just not reliable. I think you might be overthinking this, to be honest. All valves can fail. One simple alternative is to forgo the valve entirely and seal the blowstick with your tongue. It's surprisingly easy to learn to do. MacCallum also do a mouthpiece with an integrated valve.
Some days I have tolerance for raging whataboutery, some days...not so much.
Few things annoy me at gigs, but the wait until the end and then discover your not needed thing grinds my gears more than a little.
Unfinished Tales, you mean :p
LANA
It's important to be clear that at this point in the war, Vichy France had signed an armistice with Germany and the French fleet in question considered itself under the command of the Vichy government. Otherwise the whole episode makes no sense.
I know this is have-you-checked-it's-plugged-in territory, but have you asked your instructors? I can't imagine they don't know people worth talking to even if they aren't working themselves.
The weird thing is every time I see that bot it's been downvoted to hell. Who the heck is upvoting it?
It's quite common grammar in many British regional accents.
And if you're at a tidal node, none :D
This is true of everything that involves hard work, whether its career success, time spent in the gym, whatever. People don't realise they're doing it, but nonetheless it's frustrating.
The last little piece of advice I would add is this: all programs operate on data. Think very carefully about what that data is, what the program is to do with it, how you will get it in and how you will get it out, and your problem will be halfway solved.
What are some artists/songs you enjoy? As someone else got downvoted for saying, most things *can* be an easy fingerpicking song if you want them to be.
It's hard work and the novelty wears off very quickly. However, it will teach you a huge amount about performing and what audiences want from performance. I recommend trying it; I don't recommend making a living from it.
Both, really. Plastic reeds are common enough for drones - Ezeedrone make 'em - but when they get wet they're useless, and they're lower pressure and physically smaller so they're more sensitive than their big cousins. Plastic smallpipe reeds just don't sound great, but cane reeds have very thin blades so moisture knackers them pretty quickly.
😭
It's OK to practice something for a while, drop it, and come back. Like your circle of fifths; now you've got the idea, maybe work on other stuff for a bit and come back to it. I strongly recommend getting a hymn book and bashing your way through one or two a day; it really gets your sightreading and harmonic brain going. You might also investigate Mikrokosmos, which does very strange things to your brain. This book is a bit beyond where you are at the moment but you might like to explore it a little - there are a whole series that progress in difficulty: https://www.amazon.co.uk/Jazz-Rags-Blues-Book/dp/073900963X
I can't remember where I first came across the idea, but I've found in practice so many real world projects are data projects. Yet we teach basic CS through algorithms. I'm not sure of the right or wrongs but I think the bias is a bit far to one side.
Because it's the fucking *Army* and you don't get to do whatever you please, it's kind of the point.
Ugh. Welcome to the world of what humans do when they think no-one's looking. It can be pretty gross. I am conflicted. I think they need to know they were caught. And I don't have much sympathy if you were to kick them out. But I also suspect there's a fair chance they will be mortified at having been caught, in which case the problem is self-correcting.
Yes, but people who are at that level of asshattery will usually end up in jail sooner or later.
Why do you think productive land wouldn't be getting used for production already? Do you think private owners like to spend money on land and then just look at it?
https://www.allmusic.com/album/scottish-drinking-pipe-songs-mw0000271534
Mate, I challenge you to go to your supermarket and buy a slice of white bread and three eggs for the best part of two quid. Edit: a number of people appear to be under the misapprehension that I am saying a slice of bread and 3 eggs should cost £2. It should be about 15p.
OK, so! A spreadsheet is good for this but pen and paper work fine. First of all, open up your calendar and make a monthly recurring diary entry to review your budget. Middle of the month is good, any time when you don't have major expenses in or out. Second, make a table. Something like this: Category | Weekly | Monthly | Annual | :--------:|:--------:|:--------:|:--------:| Rent |1200 | | | Electricity | |150 | | Gas | | 50| | Water | |25 | | Taxes | | |1000 | Phone/internet | |65 | | Clothes | | |1500 | Newspaper subscription | |30 | | Yarn |50 | | | Pocket money |40 | | | etc etc | | | | Totals | | | | ****|**** |**** |**** | Income | |1234 | | Don't bother working out super exact figures for anything. Just blat in what you know roughly or can find out easily. Do0n't worry about remembering every last thing you spend money on, but at the same time you're trying to cover all your spending. If you blow all your income on Bad Dragon, well, call it entertainment, but put it down. You don't need to write down everything you spend on separately but you want enough categories that you can be clear about what's going where. More than six and less than twenty, say. If you have financial goals - saving for a deposit, an emergency cushion, put that in too. If you have expenses that occur at other periods, you can add columns for them too. Whatever lays it out clearly. I had a quarterly column for a long time. Add up all the totals (the sum() formula is your friend). Multiply the monthly figure by twelve and the weekly figure by 52 (this might seem obvious but your financial adviser here has fucked this up before now). Income is your *net* income, what arrives in your bank after taxes, deductions, whatever. If you're in part of the world where you have to repay your income as tax later, treat it like an expense and add it to the expenses. If it's already withheld, don't include it anywhere. We're interested in the actual money coming in and out. Include your salary, any side gigs, any money coming in you can rely on. Finally, make a little note of the grand totals of income and expenditure. Stage 1 is now done! Stage 2 is the painful one. Here we compare those grand totals. They should be *about* the same. They don't have to be identical because you're estimating your future income and expenditure and you're not going to get either of those exactly right. A few hundred either way is fine, say, plus or minus 1%. If they're not, you need to increase income (difficult, usually) or have a hard look at expenditure and get rid of something. Top tip: mathematically, knocking stuff out of the weekly expense is the easiest way to achieve it. The annual expense column is the most difficult to shift. Keep at it until it matches, more or less. Stage 3 You are now done for the moment. Until your next monthly review, try and spend money according to this plan. You'll probably fall down somewhere, because you want something or because it's an emergency or because your estimate was way off. That's OK! You haven't failed! It's part of the process. You'll deal with it at stage 4 Stage 4: Monthly review time! Pull out your bank statements, credit card statements, whatever. You're now going to review your actual spending up until (about) seven days ago. How you do this is up to you - if you're great with spreadsheets you can do clever things with exported bank statements, but I just like to work through stuff and add up a running total under each category of spending. Work out what you have spent in each category and compare it with the budget. Now - you've probably gone over or under. You can leave it as is, and try to be more careful with your spending (or less careful). Or you can adjust the budgeted amount up or down. It's totally OK to do that, every time you review. All you have to do is make sure those grand totals balance. Holy wall of text! Don't try and understand it all. Just follow it a step at a time and it will make loads more sense. Remember you don't have to get it right from the start. As long as you get better and better you will smash it eventually. TL;DR put it all in a table and review regularly.
It's just language doing what language does. There was this great piece about it a few months ago: https://www.chathamhouse.org/publications/twt/joys-online-syntax
Q, Where do mansplainers get their water from? A, From a well, actually....
The question isn't really whether someone deserves the death penalty, it's whether we should feel entitled to give it.
It certainly feels like it should be: given a history of recent pitches, calculate the offset for each new pitch such that it is consistent with a given set of rules. The tricky bit is that cerrtainly when I intonate on the violin, I don't just intonate based on the note I just played: I intonate based on the nest note I'm *going* to play. The classic example is the leading 7th, which will be sharpened if it's going to resolve up. Or a third will be slightly flatter if it's going to resolve down.
Yes, but no software knows what you're going to play next. Still, it could do better - in some ways - than what we have. Anything that fixes piano thirds I would welcome, they set my teeth on edge when I think about them. I've often thought some sort of touch-screen surface on keys could do interesting things: push in or out for pitch bends, or other effects...
Hahaha I knew I would smoke someone out
Historically, underwear consisted of your shirt pulled between your legs and tied together. Kilts went straight from that era to modern shits without anyone considering the addition of a cute pair of knickers.
&gt; why dont my shoes have tongues? So the water can get out more easily when you step in a peat bog.
It's a good source of tunes designed to be sung by untrained voices. You can get books of hymn tunes without words and just work your way through those one at a time. Depending on where you are in the world, you might like to check out Sacred Harp singing - it's a form of community singing that uses a four part harmony, and it's great fun.
I have one piece of advice: charge as if it were your full time job. Work out your "salary", divide by the number of gigs you expect to do, add your expenses, and go from there. Have a rough idea of how you work out quotes (time, expenses, starting point etc) and stick to it. You will *always* be undercut by someone, somewhere, at some point. You have roughly the same level of professional training and experience as, say, a time served plumber. Can you get two hours of a plumbers time for $150 in your area?
Progress in music is less of a slope than a staircase. Frustration is your brain adapting. If something is easy, you're not learning. Keep doing what you should be doing, and try and make it automatic.
Use your phone to record with. Unless you're doing something reeeeal subtle that is more than good enough.
That's the single most insightful thing I've read about this case. Thanks.
They do have a blitz on them now and again, but generally not at junctions where it's actually unsafe, as that would disrupt traffic.
Changed days.
Full time serving soldiers sometimes get the worst deal of all performing at the Tattoo - they often have work to do during the day on top of Tattoo duties, no extra money, they're near home but not allowed out, and it's not the party it used to be, back when the Scotsman had beds in the basement.
Yes, classical playing will give you skills you can take into anything. So from that point of view you're not wasting time. The crucial bit of info that's missing is what you *would* like to play. You might like to try out Martha Meier's Jazz, Blues, and Rags series; there are a whole set of books that start around your level or slightly below it and work up in difficulty and they are lovely performable compositions.
If you want to be able to work with harmony on the fly, the old advice to play your way through books of four-part hymns is a good one. You learn a lot about chord sequences and sounds doing this, which will be a great help on top of your ear training (it's also great for your sight reading).
They're all much of a muchness. They are designed to be read by relatively untrained singers in manageable keys and ranges, so any hymn book will be fine as they're all much the same. The one I'm working out of at the moment is called The Little Flock, and is ideal, as are many others. In terms of level, grade 4 I think does not cover 4 independent voices, but the level of playing difficulty is not really that of a higher grade. You won't be able to sight read them with the correct rhythm any time soon, but that's fine. One a day will improve you quite quickly.
Goatse came first, around '[98. Then tubgirl, which I managed to avoid seeing altogether for many years. Lemonparty was a little bit later, but started life somewhere else.
&gt; When I see the evidence-based arguments for the efficacy of just one ACTUAL PRACTICE You have yet to present any evidence that you have trained one person to sing.
You have a lot to say about how people should learn to sing. You refuse to provide any evidence your methods work, and when asked you go off at a tangent.
Ireland went through a century of economic pain to get to where they are today, and that was despite not having to take part in a global war. One can have whatever opinion on independence that they like, but I don't think many people on either side understand the economic pain that Ireland went through on sundering from the UK, and that Scotland would go through a similar adjustment.
Quite.
Holy shit yes. As a bagpipe teacher, the number of stupid daft tiny bagpipe figurines or terrible reproduction recordings from the 1960s I have is, well, too many. Not to mention the bottles of whisky, which as a non-drinker are somewhat tricky to deal with.
Friend of mine set free a goldfish in the local loch after being told he couldn't keep it. Some twenty years later there was a story in the local paper about a 24 inch goldfish being hauled out the loch by someone fishing for trout.
It varies. One remaster that made a huge difference was the Beatles remaster a few years ago - but then, the original CD mastering was horrible.
&gt; I wanna train myself You can't, in a meaningful amount of time. &gt; I can't pay for a vocal coach Find a non-auditioning choir; they will get you started. &gt; link me some youtubers Once you are comfortable singing a little, (a) buy a basic music theory text, and work through it and (b) learn to use and apply solfege.
Another one for the deluded list. Brexit will be bad for Scotland, and the UK. *Independence will be worse*. An order of magnitude worse, in or out of the EU. There is a reason Northern Ireland is shitting their pants right now.
&gt; [citation needed] You know that big island off to the left of the UK? Go ask them for your citations.
I've had plenty of clashing gears on this kind of front, but the only one that left me truly jaw-dropped was when a gentleman booked for one guest. He turned up with a woman. Fine, no big deal, let me get you some extra towels, I said, apologising that I'd only expected one person. Oh no, he said, this is just my wife.
You need to read the threads you participate in, because the only way to reply to this is to type out the first comment I made in this thread.
See my first comment in this thread.
&gt; You're still asserting that Ireland 100 years ago = Scotland now. I am asserting no such thing. However, the fundamentals of trade economics have not changed since the 1920s. &gt; everywhere else has ended up better than the UK This is completely false, and a fine example of the type of wishful thinking that I am talking about. Independence is an economic kneecapping. If you want it, fine, take it, but don't lie to others or yourself about what it means.
You're just making the overall length shorter, but doing it like this is much easier to control, easy to do with sandpaper or the like.
If you want to talk about small details, I'd suggest looking into the role of Whitaker's research into Ireland's economies in the 1950s, which not coincidentally is where the inflection point begins on a graph of Irish GDP growth, not 1973. The "Celtic Tiger" economy, of course did not get off the ground until the mid 90s, so that doesn't tie up either. I would add to this your occasional reminder that EU membership for an independent Scotland is most certainly not guaranteed, and not on the same terms we have now.
It'll bring up your second D, yes, though that's easier to underblow. Pretty much anything on a whistle affects everything else to some degree - it's a fundamentally out of tune instrument that the operator blows into tune. That said, it won't make that much difference to other notes.
Honestly, just get used to wearing them. A lot of people pull them in and out non-stop. That won't get you anywhere. Leave them in all the time at a gig, while working, rehearsing, whatever. Once your brain gets used to it, it's fine.
&gt; surely even Diane Abbott thinks that's fair enough But surely they could have shot the gun out of his hand??!!!
I mean, they wouldn't have been shooting at the police if they hadn't been provoked.
Firstly, the concept of the QTWTAIN arose in political discourse, so to exclude politics would be rather rude. Secondly, there are a great many headlines generated by politics to which the answer is clearly no. Bitter partisans of either side may disagree, but we focus on rational discourse here.
Try MacPhee, or Colin MacLellan's reeds. A McC2 should be fine up into the 480s.
Where in the world is this? I wouldn't be a tiny bit surprised to see a rule like this in, say, Switzerland, for example.
If you are reasonably slim around the waist, you can often pick up army surplus trews on eBay for not very much at all, though these days you get a pretty limited choice of tartan. Note that the waist sizes listed are actual size, not lying trouser sizes that are six inches shorter than they say they are.
&gt; its not possible for an independent Scotland to trade with England Not on the same terms it has now. Any change that is made will be for the worse. &gt; UK has lower GDP per head Yes, this is typical of countries whose entire wealth is not concentrated in one massive industry in which the majority of the population plays no part.
It is probably a fake, as most of these things are, but that doesn't mean it isn't a decent instrument in its own right. But you need an expert's eyes on it, not an out of focus pic.
Interestingly, literally every single one of those is a common English surname (in translation) apart from Mair, which is unusual. We also have Bailie, a Scottish surname meaning much the same thing.
&gt; There is no reason the trade couldn't continue. Except for a little thing called independence. Literally any terms other than what Scotland has now are *worse* terms. &gt; an increase in public sector spending Scotland already spends more money on the public sector. What are you going to spend it on? Where is the money going to come from? You can borrow to invest, sure, but borrowing to fund state spending is not going to impress lenders.
Another way of looking at it: it is not health worker's jobs to spend 10-20% of their day babysitting meltdowns over parentage.
Bagpipe teacher here. Exact same policy. You end up with more motivated pupils who guess what, progress faster!
Let's imagine that at your job, you have a big red button on your desk. Every time you hit it, drama ensues, security shows up, there is screaming, shouting, and ruined lives. And it's up to you whether you press the button. How often do you think you'd press that button? Really?
As long as you have an adequate reason to decline, you should be fine.
&gt; Would rUK really slap tariffs on green energy from Scotland? Maybe, maybe not. The situation for Scotland would either (a) remain the same (b) get worse. &gt; If rUK remained in EU why would it be worse? Because most of Scotland's trade is with England. &gt; It's not managed much investment with it however. There was the small matter of attempting to avert the impact of a global financial crisis, more or less successfully. You saw the pain that Ireland had to endure in the same situation. &gt; They're only 'unimpressed' when you cant pay it back. Or when they don't think you can.
The need to for stimulus did not magically end with the 2010 election. &gt; has done precious little Sure, if you consider averting a decades long depression to be precious little.
Hamilton, in 1985. Glasgow for two years before that, then Glenrothes. By all accounts the attempt to hold it in Nottingham in '79 was what really persuaded people it should find a more or less permanent home.
Let's see: do I as a business owner want a million-dollar company or a billion dollar company? Tough call for Airbnb.
post some audio! we have no idea what you're hearing
Good time to send a quick text saying, hi, hope you're enjoying your stay, is everything all right with the place etc. If he's working at a convention he's likely not paying for the place himself so if he's happily shacked up, the only thing I'd worry about it if there's any risk of not getting keys back.
\*provenance, but yes, absolutely. Remember that scene where Roger says to Don, "I always figured you were a farm boy from the way you dropped your Gs sometimes". It's one of the few times you can see that Don doesn't have a decent response of any kind.
&gt; what is possible on a whistle would also be on the pipe. That's a pretty good rule of thumb. Is it natural to play in E Dorian on the pipes Yes &gt; a dropped set that plays in D Dorian? You can get what are called "flat" sets that pitch a tone lower than concert D. They are relatively less common but certainly not unknown. Playing in D dorian on a concert set is possible with the caveat the third (Fnat) may be an issue. F natural on a D chanter is possible but only from certain directions/notes, even with a key. The main thing to watch out for on the pipes is that leaps of an octave on the left hand of a whistle are tricky, and a top A or B generally need to come from another note in the upper octave.
He does not look like a happy man. Look at him selling that knurl, the perfect balance between sharp and fine....Mark, blink if you need help.
For what it's worth, I understand Carnegie Mellon is encouraging of people seriously pursuing dual arts and STEM tracks. But these things are very individual.
Wear it. Once.
I wonder if anyone has looked at the effect of transmission practice on musical content. Did Western music evolve tonal harmony because it has the only written representational system that could easily evolve to represent it? Whereas primarily aural systems often evolve complex systems of mode and interval which are primarily audio phenomena?
I have heard that and it makes no sense to me. If I add 1lb now and no adaption occurs, then what is the difference between doing nothing now and adding 2lb next time, or just adding 1lb both times? But as I said, I don't think OP needs to be. He just needs reassured that it's meant to feel heavy, and more sleep.
It was a partnership; he was also invested, although I am not sure how much. Buffet is not joking when he says Hathaway was a stupid buy. Had he left well alone, everything Hathaway owns would be his, personally, and he would be a completely unknown name.
Berkshire did do textiles for a very long time. Buffet kept the textile side running long past the point where it would have been rational to walk away, right into the late 70s IIRC.
The simple answer is that time signatures do not specify a definitive beat. Common time signatures *often* have a consistent beat, but the beat that is used is dependent on style, content, and performer choice. For common time signatures this choice is so consistent that it is effectively a rule. In the case of a beat being applied at the dotted whole note level, this is sufficiently unusual that you'd need more information beyond just the time signature.
Yes, but if you can see the other person has left a review, you're more likely to complete yours to see what they said.
Amateur. I will in a few short minutes be protesting knife crime from my nice cosy bed. Suckers.
Bollocks to that. No one cares. Just write nothing. Stop talking and press send. Save post.
&gt; "I've not touched it" Oh, it's been having an affair with a bit of sandpaper, yeah?
Sing. Lots of doh-re-mi, and then playing it on the instrument. Also, silly little finger co-ordination games - vulcan salute, copy the finger you're lifting, etc. Rhythm games.
&gt; crossing noises when going down to low g Can you post audio of what you mean? Birls: Learn to play a *single* strike at speed from each note with the leading low A. When you add the second strike in, you must retain this movement pattern, rather than just trying to scrunch up your hand and hoping for the best.
The muscles in your face and around your lips respond much more slowly to stress than the rest of your body. They will get better, but slowly.
I didn't say it was a *good* café.
Generally, there's a rule in international relations that for anything that matters, you go through a translator, because the risk of a misunderstood idiom is too high.
You're really confused about why someone ought to play music, and frankly if this is your relationship with it I would suggest you would be happier and healthier as an avid listener than as a player.
When you, as a musician, get to a certain point, you simply know better than people around you. Learning to not take their opinions personally is a necessary skill. That doesn't mean ignore your audience - there is always a distance between the artistic knowledge of the artist and the critical knowledge of the crowd. And as the performer, you have to meet their expectations if you want to sell tickets. If you want to lead your audience to discover something new, first they have to trust you.
At the moment, no changes to non-EU immigration are in the pipeline. If free movement ends, it is moderately likely that some easing of the non-EU route will occur, but that may take years. You might want to check what routes are open to you at the moment. I *think* if you were offered a job as a pilot in the UK there should be a route to residence for you. The other option is that if you are eligible for a Swiss passport, and get a wiggle on, you might be able to make it before the cut-off.
Actually, I'm being an idiot - I *think* that as a family member of a Swiss citizen you can already come here. Switzerland is a bit of an odd case as it is not EEA but citizens have movement rights, and that includes the right to bring your family if you are working, etc. I'd check if that's correct, and then what I'd do is keep an eye open to see what deadline dates are set by any withdrawal agreement. It is unlikely March 29th will be the cutoff date for new arrivals, but it may be a year or two after, so you might well be free to move as long as you do it before that date.
That's not how law works. You cannot wave a wand and make the legal process vanish.
Buy good journalism. A Times and Economist sub will leave you a lot more sensibly informed. As for recover, politics has been worse on several occasions in history. We fought a civil war over constitutional politics. A century later, the French Revolution caused a horrific clampdown on basic freedoms. The Reform Acts caused riots. And politics in the 70s was madder than it is now, hard as it is to believe.
A common view from people who rarely read it. Journalism is rarely perfect, but there is no good alternative.
Where does Diana fit into this? :)
Londoner here. What's a pineapple?
For your budget I would get a good quality ukelele and get to know your way around that. Nothing wrong with learning an obscure instrument but it's better to do it with a set of basic musical skills under your belt. The Tiare you mention - that's about how much you want to spend but you can probably get a better instrument for the price. Talk to /r/ukelele (I presume)
That might be your opinion, but you would be amazed how many companies have had to spend vast amounts of money and pain because a "talented" employee has gotten them into this situation.
&gt; It most certainly will. Your legal qualifications are what, exactly? Arbitration clauses are an extremely complex area of law. Yes, it is possible that a court could order the parties to arbitration. It is also possible they could...not. To work out what the chances of these are, first, we need to consider venue. I'm going to go ahead and guess you are in the US, where generally arbitration clauses are often, but not always upheld at first instance. OP is making a GDPR complaint, which suggests he is an EU resident, and therefore the laws implementing the Unfair Terms Directive will apply to his case, plus whatever national laws apply to arbitration clauses.
Just to give you an idea, it is not unusual for a good maths or physics graduate to get a graduate job out of uni earning £50k+. It is not unusual for that salary to double or triple in the first few years of employment. (At least you now know who is buying those houses...)
You'd think! Getting a straight answer out of them is surprisingly difficult.
Yeah - I also have an OU diploma, and the costs to top it up to a degree are frightening. If it wasn't for how good the teaching is, I wouldn't consider it for a nanosecond.
Yeah, I know the feeling well! I suggest just doing a couple of sessions a day, and not really worrying about progress. It's the routine that helps in the long run.
Thanks! I discounted that as I assumed the requirements would be more stringent but I was just reading it again and it does seem achievable. And having it in place before applying for a PGCE sounds promising.
That's not how this works. That's not how any of this works. If you were paying attention, you would notice that I have pointed out to OP on another thread that he has no grounds in any case.
This is what happens when you accept the lowest bidder's quote for a live bagpipe performance: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yLIDnzHetKg
As a highland piper, the two main pieces of advice are (a) don't overdo legato (b) never play a "g" gracenote if there's any other option; that will get you a lot of the way there. The Grey Larson book is worth a read, and the Mary Bergin books even better.
Don't buy him one. Take him to buy one together, or get his help making the decision on what to order. There is nothing worse than being given a very expensive present that is of no practical use to you. (This from a person who owns a brand new copy of Grove's Dictionary of Musical Instruments)
If your speech is "normal" apart from the stuttering, that any damage is manageable in terms of the physical side of things. The issue of oxygen is curious, because normally the blood is saturated with enough oxygen to keep it going for several minutes - it's the build up of carbon dioxide that your body senses as the "need" to breath. I don't quite understand why it falls so fast, and that's possibly something that needs medical rather than vocal attention. How do you cope with everyday strenuous activities? Can you walk quickly, run for a bus, lift a box of books?
None of them, because you can't transform an annual interest rate into a monthly one by dividing by 12. Also none of them because none of them apply the annuity-due formula correctly. Although you are an idiot for trying to get someone else to do your homework, at least some of the blame lies with your teachers because this is meaningless bullshit.
What don't you understand about the reply on that thread? Take their answer and see how far you get with it.
Generally speaking, as long as things are cleaned and dried after use, you're fine. Harmful bacteria are everywhere: there's Listeria on your kitchen floor, staph and strep on your fingers, botulism in your freezer, there's norovirus in your fridge, and anthrax in your garden. The point is not to not have it, but to not give it the opportunity to grow.
I forgot to mention you also have strep in your throat :D
Yeah, but it's not clean. It's made of stuff that grew out of the ground.
sorry does it help to know that your finger almost certainly has a more interesting range of unhealthy bacteria than your toilet bowl?
&gt; I want to know how they counter that statement. They don't. That's not the point of this study. This is the study that goes, "hey, guys, this is interesting! Look at this!". The next study's job is to look at it and ask, well, does vitamin D cause less depression, or does depression cause less vitamin D.
Double stops and playing against a drone (dronetonetool.com)
Yes, I just ran it under the tap. It bent very easily and controllably; I don't know where walnut sits on the ease-of-bending scale, so maybe I just got lucky, but I could easily have gone straight onto bending the sides for my cittern build.
dronetonetool.com is excellent.
The concept of "high information music" is essentially snobbery. From an information theoretic point of view, there is more information in a Beatles track than a symphony. I suggest if you like listening to music you should continue to do so. If you want to train your ear, you should look into ear training methods. If you want to get stronger, building boats will make you stronger, but I don't recommend building boats unless you want a boat.
The thing is, Don has internalised a set of rules about how to live by other people, as learnt from his upbringing and beyond. And his first experience of sex was being raped by a prostitute. That's gotta teach a few confusing life lessons.
Continue until the teacher no longer challenges you, then find one that does. One could reasonably go around thirty or forty years before running out of things to learn.
Quite. But when attempting to give pithy but profound sounding advice that you just made up, nuance is a distraction...
I absolutely agree. I have never bought and never will, because I rather like knowing that throwing all my shit in a box and shipping it to New Zealand is a possibility.
It happens to a few people. In one case, we found it was due to a blood pressure spike, which is indicative of underlying medical issues. Fixing that fixed the headaches. In another case, we found that dosing with paracetemol and ibuprofen stopped it from happening. In another case, we found that simply improving stamina and time seemed to fix it. "Play through it" isn't much fun, but it did seem to work. I'd speak to a doctor first of all. Try and avoid the "well don't do that" brigade.
Because waivers aren't magic pieces of paper that make all legal liability go away.
Know and accept thy loving father Compound Time into thy life.
You're probably no more than three feet away from a pen, but do you have any idea how to make one? How to turn crude oil into plastic? How to mold it? How to make ink? How to get it into that weird little tube? How to make a ball point? Where to get the ore from to turn into metal to turn into a ball point? No-one alive on this earth actually *knows* how to make a pen. If the chain of people that know how to do all the bits of the job falls apart, we're fucked. No more pens.
&gt; Cpl: Ah. Shotgun? &gt; Inspector: It's too far away Put the shotgun on a drone, obvs.
(1) Get your blood pressure checked (2) record it and see if it's there in a mic. Your body makes things sound different at different times when there's nothing actually there.
Have you seen this? https://folkrnn.org/ Similar idea, but the Markov chain generates new encoding texts from being trained on a large corpus. It creates some very interesting ideas.
I think the eco-warrior types are the likeliest bet. Same mob that choked up London a few weeks ago, perhaps?
They're pretty organised, and what they're doing isn't *that* difficult as far as the tech spectrum goes. Everything you need to make a drone do this is on the net and it's just plugging bits together.
People coming out of anaesthetic say amazing things. I know of a guy who had a liver transplant; on waking up he looked into his wife's eyes and told her he was in love with another woman with whom he had been having a long-term affair.
I'd like to read about a non-singer that you taught to sing, with audio/video evidence.
First of all, rhythm sight reading is one of the last reading skills to develop, as it depends on a bunch of other things. So - depending on stage - it's likely totally OK that she's still finding her way with it. Doing little bits and making she's secure with it is the way forward. The Takadimi system can be quite helpful, I find, though it takes a little bit of time to get invested in it.
You are not alone. Glad I'm not the only one who's done this.
&gt; The GHB needs more pressure than a bellows can provide It can be done - it's not fun playing high pressure instruments with a bellows, but it's doable. More comfortable setups are fine, though you soon discover that the drones across the chest is much more logical than it first appears.
It's the 91st - DSR published it as the 93rd and the error has persisted ever since. http://www.ceolsean.net/content/RobRam/RobRam_TOC.html Bob Worrall has a setting in his book 3 which is the best one to follow for the modern style. There's a really nice way of it in the Cabar Feidh book, which you should not play for uneducated judges.
As a host, my perception is that you get better behaved guests. If you're a tourist destination, then there are plenty travellers at every price point. &gt; will they want me around or do they want me to give them space? You need to be sensitive to their needs, but lots of guests do enjoy having someone keen to spend time with them. &gt; How much do you think I could make a night with this set up? It really depends on your local market. For me it isn't a main income, but it does pay well, better than subletting by a long way.
If you have very strong core muscles in your torso, you get a little bit of a belly but not the classic baby bump. Women who ride horses regularly often tangle with medical staff who think there's a medical issue when the bump still looks tiny at 8.5 months.
no, stop Find someone who actually knows what they are talking about, because certain Yamahas of that vintage are very, very good, despite the laminate construction. And it looks like it has been kept safe.
I knew Tom Leonard, and you, Sir, are no Tom Leonard.
Yeah, for older generations the integrity of the card wasn't really meaningful, it was the message they wanted to send. My gran would always cross out whatever message was inside the card and write her own, even though it was generally the same thing anyway.
I think it's more that it's a wild estimate, given it was derived from a single sample brought up in 1991 and analysed twenty years later. It will only speed up though, because the bacteria will only evolve to eat steel faster and faster, and it's unlikely a predator will evolve in the time available.
Yes, but, context. It's 1915. The Western Front has turned into a horrific slaughterhouse. Nothing you do seems to make any difference, and the only way of gaining ground appears to be sacrificing soldiers by the thousand. On the Eastern Front, Russia is hampered by lack of supplies. It's near impossible to get supplies to them by sea to the North, due to the winters and German hegemony. Supplies were reaching them through the Dardanelles, a narrow strait controlled by the Ottoman Empire. But the Ottomans throw their lot in with the Germans, and the straits are closed. Attempting to force the Dardanelles wasn't just understandable, it was strategically the logical choice. Had Churchill's vision been prosecuted fully, the war might have ended in 1916.
Having like 200 people hang around for a few days while someone looks for a baby racks up bills real quick.
&gt; I always struggle to find creative questions to ask. Why are you asking creative questions? Seriously: if you are dealing with weak students, their problem is that they don't know the basics fluently.
That is where you are exactly wrong. It is settled science that the most effective way of learning content is to teach carefully in small pieces, check for correctness, then repeatedly re-test.
It's an urban myth. Chill.
If your employer will not accept your word over that of a child, get a new job. This argument is ridiculous.
Emergencies are more important than IDs.
Your girlfriend does not take your needs seriously. Can you shock her into taking you seriously? Maybe, but I'd say on balance more likely maybe not.
I don't know, the guy did take up swimming for a while. And he's only a few years away from the first jogging craze in the 70s.
The US enthusiasm for geometry is a pedagogically questionable one, to be honest. Yes, it teaches you to think about proof, but so does your first course in real analysis.
What are you proposing should be removed from the curriculum to make room for this?
My cat would learn to spraypaint the secret on the wall just to be an asshole.
https://www.buzzfeed.com/gracespelman/here-are-some-people-who-are-very-confused-about-what-no-mak
&gt; The introduction to proofs in geometry just teaches logical thinking So does Algorithms 101. Generally speaking, if that level of rigour is needed for an academic subject, the degree requirements will include it. As I pointed out in another comment, the US high school fixation on geometry is a uniquely US phenomenon.
Revise it frequently, especially immediately after learning it - on the way home, when you get home, before you go to bed, after you get up, and then again after lunch, and daily till you are confident it has stuck. Record both the tune and enough information that will enable you to find it again, both in sheet music and recorded form.
They are clones of the Xtreme design, so should be good. Some people find the Xtremes a bit on the robust side, so I'd assume these will be similar.
I have found the best books so far, for me, have been the Moray Watson Progressive Gaelic books (on Amazon). Very strong but operate at a pace that respects the capacity of the learner. A dictionary, Blas na Gàidhlig, Glossika and copious Radio nan Gàidheal are my other main things.
Not only that, there are several concertina layouts that are completely different from each other, and not applicable to anything else.
It is surprising how many guests are happy to walk out into a major urban city and leave all the doors sitting open.
She applies the veto as directed by her ministers.
&gt; nothing to see here's line that strived to surpress the information Could you at least type in grammatical English if you want to espouse conspiracy theories?
I am sure Richard Parkes and Stuart Liddell are grateful for your advice.
If you are playing A smallpipes, a D whistle is the right choice to accompany it with. She plays the two finger note A to match your low A, and proceeds up the scale, wrapping around the octave. And she reads your music as normal, minus squiggly bits. Yes it is more fiddly but it's a better way to do it for all sorts of reasons. An A whistle is not the most useful tool to be honest. And get her a copy of Mary Bergin's whistle tutors.
Are you saying that Richard Parkes cannot tune a bagpipe by ear?
London here. Yes. I'm still getting fully booked at similar prices, but days and weeks out, not months as per the last couple of years. Clearly a large Brexit effect - European bookings have been down for a year now. I don't know about a supply increase as I am far too lazy to investigate these things but it's pretty plausible.
&gt; what situations would require such a diverse range of whistle keys... Speaking as someone who plays primarily Scottish music, in all honestly, I can for months at a time without playing anything other than the high and low D whistles. C for a few tunes, F and B flat for even fewer tunes. A and G whistles I've never even thought of wanting. A isn't right because you don't have a low G, and you'd always have to play the top G as a natural note - doable but awkward. Also, the timbre of the smallpipes is relatively low (they are an octave PLUS semitone below GHB) and so a high D whistle sits really nicely over the top of them.
Whatever. Post your tune or shut up.
I suspect it's simply that a large fraction of listings are deliberately priced to not sell out, so Airbnb are mostly focused on that. They want maximum occupancy because every day is another service fee.
Yes, but these hosts aren't trying to maximise profits.
Puppies
Probably living in a society where literally everything is tilted against me: where my body is not my own, where the law can force me to bear unwanted children to term, where I must clothe and groom myself according to the standards of others, where I am less likely to be offered a job and where I will be paid less when I get one. Where my partner can treat me as he pleases and is unlikely to suffer serious consequences - never mind the vanishingly small chance of justice if I am attacked by anyone else. Despite that, I am likely to to end up doing most of the housework and I will have to remember his family's birthdays to boot. If I go to the cinema to escape for an hour or two, I am likely to see myself represented as a two-dimension supporting character to a man, with no storyline of my own, probably not even a name. I could go to a party and be sexually assaulted; when my attacker goes on to take up a position of responsibility in high society, my testimony about his character will be ignored, even if he is to become a Supreme Court justice. And if I do have any hobbies and interests of my own, if I am not pushed out of it by men swarming over me, I'm unlikely to be taken seriously. I could just to give up on men entirely, but they won't give up on me. If I risk being seen in public with another woman, I could be battered for the crime of not performing to their taste. And if I want to establish any sort of legal relationship with my partner, I need to remember that a substantial polity wants to erase my ability to do that - even assuming I live in a country where it is now possible, which is not likely.
Big bras have to hold a lot of weight, so it's difficult to make them look nice, but more importantly, as boob size goes up, the number of different size combinations also goes up. Pretty much everyone wearing a 32C is the same shape, but for larger folk there are a lot of variables and they make a big difference.
&gt; Your life is on easy mode in comparison to billions of other women that live elsewhere. My life is on easy mode *because I am a man*. Yes, I agree there are parts of the world where women are very much worse off than in the West: guess what, bucko, it is still a shitshow for women over here too. And I don't have a vote in Saudi Arabia.
I don't think that's right. It's rare to travel in first without a booked seat but I've definitely once or twice travelled on an open return that was too busy to get seated.
That is not a bad idea at all.
Apart from anything else, people should have some exposure to the content if they are going to study it at university, and anyone pretending to any skill at mathematics should have a passing familiarity with both topics.
I saw something creepy once, but it was in a large town, so I shall not burden this thread with the details.
On pricing, my opinion is in general that you need to offer ongoing development in exchange for a subscription. I personally think the price is fine but not if it's for something that never changes/improves. I'm an android user, so can't try it out, but I like the idea. Something I would like to see in an app is some teaching of the sounds of Gaelic, along the lines of Blas na Gàidhlig. A similar resource is Glossika, which has a database of native-speaker sentences at normal speed and is very useful.
Oh, nice spot! I never noticed that one.
Stuff like this really makes the case for independence sound completely sane and not in any way unbalanced.
If you remove the chanter and block the hole with a finger what happens when you blow it up?
What is your question?
Ahhh. A goose is normally a practice chanter with a bag. Couple of things. Firstly, get used to the blowing and squeezing cycle without trying to make any noise - just let air silently leak through the reed. Just get used to holding the pipes and feeling relaxed and comfortable while doing so. The power behind a reed comes not from your blowing, but from your arm. You arm has to overcome a physiological response to stop squeezing when it doesn't move - this takes quite a while to rewire your brain in this way.
May I commend this excellent video to your attention? https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=puStSGuOsmI
Combing and beading is done by hand still - it's faster than the machinery when done by a skilled worker.
There's a making group on Facebook, and also the Yahoo group is worth joining if only for the historical collection of files. Main thing is that you need a lot of skills that are not common woodturning skills - things like boring long perfectly straight holes isn't a common requirement. And you'll end up making a lot of your own tools.
&gt; BBC Alba (the Gaelic division of BBC Scotland) can't even interview me on the radio about the project until the crowdfunder is over, due to BBC rules Like anyone that would get you into trouble would know :p
If you haven't the time to play, try and make an effort to get them out when you can - whether weekly, monthly, whatever. It won't be great, but you'r just keeping things ticking over, not trying to win contests. In the meantime, make an effort to listen to relevant music. Radio nan Gaidheal has a two hour program every day called A' Mire ri Mòir; because it's in Gaelic it's not distracting, but the music is excellent and good healthy listening for pipers. The BBC also has the Pipeline and Crunluath programmes.
I'd recommend Brett Tidswell's Piper's Handbook, and also two DVDs from Jim MacGillivray, if they're still available, called Pipes Ready and Pipes Up. Plenty people do Skype instruction for not very much.
My last sighting of him was on the tube in 2016/17. What freaks me out is that there are obviously lots of other Londoners I see at least that often but because they aren't wearing a metal pyramid on their heads, I don't remember them.
Well, I mean, I knew about *you*, it's the others that worry me.
&gt; WTF is with those tempos! That's the tempos this stuff is meant to be played at. It's dance music. I suspect with more and more good band players being involved in other disciplines, the Conservatoire, etc, more awareness of how these tunes should go is trickling in.
You. I like you.
https://www.theguardian.com/music/2012/mar/01/speech-in-song This is a really interesting album, and I recommend anyone who's interested in this topic look it up. There's a video embedded in the above which gives you a flavour of it.
Do you mean high A doublings in the second part where you've got G gracenotes followed by an A? In the reel section, does the quaver speed remain constant (ie going 123-123-1234-1234) or is intended to actually ritard? Last part second bar, should the dot be on the B? Or should it be written like this?: https://imgur.com/a/1u5iG0k
Shall we discuss the percentage of drivers that obey speeding laws?
Morally, perhaps, but it certainly isn't legal.
Or a piper accepted some free drink and then fed him bollocks, I mean, no-one would ever do that, would they?
It's interesting. I teach a lot of adults, and I don't think, in general, adults have any limitations on the skills they can develop. What they don't have are the same performance opportunities, nor do they get the burst of single-mindedness that happens to most good musicians in their teens, where they lock themselves in their bedrooms, practice for ten hours a day, and emerge like a butterfly as a different player. Ultimately, adults tend to be really bad at practicing effectively. I have very good, intelligent, technically able students who really struggle with "slow down, play in short sections, use your knowledge to construct the correct sounds".
Perhaps we can just wait for OP to submit a recording of himself playing it.
Strictly, three syllables. Peeb-a-roxk, where x is a Scottish/German ch sound (yes, it blends into a hard k sound).
The legislation is a sea of legal spaghetti, but as far as I can see a provision in the Special Constables Act 1914 that says specials must report for duty as ordered doesn't seem to have been repealed.
You can't, really. Cheap high whistles can get away with a lot of flaws for various reasons; when you drop an octave those issues are magnified. The cheapest low whistles that work are the Dixon or the Shearwater, though to be honest I personally wouldn't use either unless I had to.
I mean he literally plays them in the video
It still boggles my mind how late MacDonalds were to start accepting card payments.
waaaat
I tend to find the longer you've been playing, the bigger the chunk you can tackle in one go. I tend to memorise a part at a time these days as I can hold everything I need to in my mind while I do it, but I certainly wouldn't recommend this. Take it phrase by phrase or bar by bar as needed. The other thing I think is really helpful is consistency. If you try and learn, say, 2 bars or 4 bars every single day you soon get into a routine of learning and revision that makes keeping track of it all straightforward.
&gt; It might just be my untrained ear It is, I'm afraid. The sound a bagpipe produces is complicated and your brain presents you with a simplified picture of it, which won't change until you've been playing for some time. Buy them if you want, you seem quite set on them, but they aren't great and will just take away from getting to where you *want* to go, wherever that is.
When they first built the railways each line was independently owned and operated so there was no incentive to join them up or have a central terminus. So railways ran in as far as they could then stopped, hence King's Cross, Paddington, London Bridge, Waterloo... Only after these stations became established was it realised that interconnecting them might be popular.
Well, guess what, my interest in your criticisms of a paper you haven't read and have no basis for making a judgement on is...not high.
&gt; Anybody here like this, Yup. &gt;and do you choose not to drink at all? I stopped drinking for a long time. For a couple of years I've been having a drink here or there and I'm a lot more careful with it and the red mist doesn't descend like it used to. But I wouldn't be sorry to just cut it out completely again if I wanted to.
Obviously it needs managed, but it's not that difficult to sort out intonation issues.
English speakers do the same thing: we say "im Birmingham", not "in Birmingham". Try it.
As someone who has done it, I don't recommend it. Horses find bagpipes extremely unsettling, even when played well, and you run a fair amount of risk to your teeth, the instrument will not survive a fall if you have to drop it, and unless you have a very secure seat it is very difficult to direct and play.
I quite agree the response from the piping media has been absolutely pathetic. Their inability to cover this story without offending their mates suggests that there is a systemic issue.
Good dog! Lovely balanced set of pipes, too.
Sadly questions must come from mainstream media, so I have to remove this. Sorry!
Absolutely nothing stopping you from doing exactly this and submitting your work to IMSLP.
Haha, no worries - the submission was great, but if we don't control where the submissions come from it all ends up just being a catalogue of madness :)
Lawrie, I think, from their difficult period. They will be 60s/early 70s.
He wasn't. He was employed to teach piping.
The bagpipe is loud, but not that loud, especially through a wall or two. Keep your practising focused and to civilised times, and you might be surprised at how little of an issue it is.
Some fifteen years ago I gave one of these chaps a tap on the nose for similar behaviour. Pushed him back out the door and slammed it in his face, whereupon he got very excited, dialled 999, hopped up and down for a bit and came within an ace of getting himself lifted when the response crew declined to kick my door in. They never came back, right enough.
\*electric vehicles with a petrol generator in the boot which to my mind is slightly stretching the definition of "electric"
You know how stupid the general public sounds when they sound off about how policing ought to work? That's what you're doing right now.
&gt; without any kind of formal education He spent years singing in church choirs and while he might not have picked up names of concepts, he certainly knows them. Also, and this is an important point, people lie. An awful lot of people who "don't practice much" or "don't really know about that theory stuff, man" are big fat liars.
&gt; which was where I was when I put them aside 20 years ago Just remember the standard has improved massively in that time. You're not where you were, you're well in front.
That's not really true. The City is in general higher paid for similar work - so if you are doing something like admin, accounting, or whatever, you are earning more, but you're also dealing with, well, living and working in London. For other skills, not duplicated outside the City - there are not many gilt traders in Aberystwyth - the pay is what the market will pay someone with those skills. The quid pro quo is that your skills can be invalidated overnight or a regulation can wipe your profession out. It's true that most city jobs aren't openly advertised, unless you know where to look, but that's generally because there are often only a tiny number of firms who employ people with the skills you are seeking. There is no point advertising in the Bournemouth Mercury for a qualified general insurance actuary.
Haha, I wondered who might pick that up :D But what's a GI actuary doing in Bournemouth if they *don't* work for LV already?
Remember there are plenty of people alive today who still remember ploughing the land with a team of horses.
Shotguns do not carry a lot of energy, relatively speaking. A lot of people who attempt suicide with a shotgun fail simply because it's pointing in the right direction but not powerful enough to finish the job.
Talk to a lawyer urgently and tell them you have this tape.
Most practice chanters have a high G that is somewhere between natural and sharp. Try tape. Agree the whole top end of the scale is climbing sharp as well. What chanter and reed is it?
Ah yes. The chanter is OKish, the G will be sharp, that's where they've put the hole. The reed it comes with is junk - if you replace it with a Warnock it should balance a bit better. It's not my favourite instrument, but it does work. Just so you know, if you dismantle it regularly the friction fit joints eventually wear out and you end up with four rattly pieces of plastic.
&gt; why the drones are so often shaped the way they are on the outside The shape of the exterior has only a second or third order effect on the drone. The design is essentially a Georgian relic from when pipemaking moved to the big cities and they became an instrument played by the middle classes.
The thing is, when you shoot pictures for film or TV, *everything* is make believe. It's hard to describe how unrealistic being on a set is, and how un-natural everything has to be to get a coherent story up on screen. There are things you have to get right, of course, and everyone knows that. But that line is a judgement, and there are lots of people not familiar with the specifics making those judgements.
You would be amazed how often walkers do not hear you, no matter what you do to get their attention. Also, there's often a lot of wind and if you're going with it it can be difficult to judge your speed or how sound carries.
I honestly think that's true of most of the books they make us read in school. Until you've grown and experienced political repression in your lifetime, what on earth does the Crucible mean to a kid?
There are certainly plenty of tunes *written* during slavery, since the high age of piobaireachd composition coincided with the height of Britain's slave trade. The only one I can think of with a direct connection off the top of my head is MacLeod of Colbecks' Lament, although I'm not sure a lament for the slaveowner is what you're after. I think the suggestion below of A Man's a Man is an excellent one, despite Burns' own intentions to go out to Jamaica and start a plantation. In truth, the history of whiteness and the bagpipe is an uncomfortable one - Henderon's broken families cursing Scotland the Brave - and I for one would be shy about using the instrument in this way.
&gt; I know they are not liable because the contract states so. When a term of a contract goes against the whole point of the contract, it's often not enforceable. The legal topic of disclaimers is extremely difficult, and you should not assume a term disclaiming liability holds without running it past a lawyer.
First of all, try and discover what kind of range you need for your chosen style of music, and what kind of accordion is common in that style. For Scottish music, the commonest beast is a piano accordion with enough range to match the violin. For Irish music a semitone tuned melodeon. Once you know that, I'd buy something suitable from a dealer and restorer of second hand instruments, as you will get the most long term value for money this way. Buying second hand yourself is a lottery, buying new is overpaying.
It's a great sound; my only complaint is because you are playing so low down in the register the bass and melody are muddying each other. Maybe selecting a higher voice, if you can, or simply playing up an octave would sound clearer. Do listen to some melodeon playing and try and imitate some of the elements of that style - the frequent bellows reversals, the staccato fingerings, and the very steady pulse. You could further arrange it by coming up with a few different approaches to the bass. Try listening to some Uilleann pipe regulator playing for an idea of what could be very effective as an accompaniment without descending into dance band boom-chuck territory.
&gt; its context Forgive me, but if you think the performance and composition of music is an entirely gender-free affair, may I invite you to crawl out from under your rock and try using your eyes? &gt; Why are we (western world) focusing so much on gender lately? Well, we weren't doing a great job for the preceding 30,000 years or so, so we are attempting to catch up. I realise change is unsettling but it's not about you personally.
Yes, often those gigs are subcontracted on a fee basis, so someone sits with the recording, plays it back, transcribes it and moves on. If you're lucky someone else reads or plays through it to check for gross errors but not against the original.
&gt; micro aggression That's not what the term "micro aggression" means. What you are sensing is irritation because instead of taking your question and doing some research, you're choosing to pile it back on the person who is already talking about a problem they have; now they have two problems, their original problem and keeping you happy. &gt; I don't sense a lot of it around me I would politely suggest you have no idea what you're looking for. &gt; I'm much more of a fan of 'gender equality' as a term Again, it would take a few minutes of googling and reading to explain why this line of argument is problematic (hint: the challenges different genders face are *different* and so equal treatment does not produce equal outcomes).
Men don't see women as fully human. It's not a thought out position, it's just the background radiation of their minds, that they instinctively know women are just not quite as smart, capable and deserving of respect as men are. And I think it's something every man has to recognise and learn to accept about themselves and work on changing.
Listen to this: https://voca.ro/1FgmlIPFb3U There are two different rhythms here. In the first, you do a fast strike to the first low G tap. In the second, you play the birl with an even, open rhythm. Practice both of these, and slowly bring the speed of each up without forcing - keep the movements relaxed. When you achieve full speed, the two exercises will merge and sound the same.
It will probably be fine at the moment; you have to get the moisture level down before you store it. My rough guideline is to make sure there is no visible beads of moisture when you stock a chanter.
Never be afraid to stand up and walk out of an interview if it's clearly turning into bullshit territory. Lots of hiring personnel have incredibly warped views of how to treat candidates.
&gt; piping fitness I'm a strong believer that physical fitness makes a huge difference. If you can do a basic strength program and do some stretching cardio on a regular basis it will make a huge difference to your comfort level on the instrument. For piping fitness, the best advice I can give is this: walk and play. Marching up and down is good, but getting upside and going from A to B while playing is incredibly good for your stamina. And if you get these right, then breaking in a reed should be painless. A new reed should be pretty much at the strength you want, or a little more. If it's a significant difference, it needs replacing or easing.
You would have eighteen nickels?
The short answer is VLOOKUP, but the long answer is more interesting. First of all, if you can describe your problem in a sentence, there's likely to be a function that does it, so try googling. Second, take care in how you layout and document your spreadsheet. Read in data, convert it, and process it in separate tabs. Don't let cells get more than a line long; if they do, split steps out into intermediate columns. Build checks into your sheets: this column should sum to this, this column should always be more than that column. Use clear descriptions and try to keep colour formatting consistent.
Yes, McNeela are fine. Honestly doesn't matter, just toss a coin :D
There's no right answer to this, but I'd say if you have a permanent job and are committed to having children, then just get on with it. The truth is, once you have climbed that greasy pole, a pregnancy or three can knock you down far further than they will early on. And once you're in your forties and your children are a bit more autonomous, you will then have more freedom at work to lean into your career.
Some will work well - C and F - others might - G and E flat - and some probably won't: B flat. A chanter has to be designed to play oall the cross fingerings reliably and C and F natural are the two the tend to drop out of the "standard" design quite easily.
PIper's Choice are a Canadian company that sell wholesale only to retailers. They mostly do accessories and so on but the do make complete instruments as well.
Basically, you're always taking an instrument designed for diatonic scales and retrofitting chromatic notes onto them. So unlike classical music, where the aim is to play in all twelve keys with equal facility, it's always a compromise to a certain extent on any kind of bagpipe. A fully keyed Uilleann chanter can in theory play all the notes of a chromatic scale, but it's hard work. A Northumbrian chanter can do so more easily, and people do play jazz and the like, but again it's much easier in the home keys than the "far" keys. Conical nine note type chanters, GHB, Border, gaita type instruments can all be designed to be nearly fully chromatic, in theory, but there's a tradeoff between robustness of intonation and ability to squeeze out that last awkward crossfingering, which is why GHB chanters sometimes won't even play C and F natural.
Do you have Marfans, or something like it? In my experience the only modification that can be useful is to use a long practice chanter and stick a piece of flexible tubing on the mouthpiece, otherwise the long bones end up putting you in a slightly un-ergonomic position. Not a big worry to start off with but might be useful down the road. Other than that, just grab a chanter and find a teacher.
No-one said the background check was accurate. But yeah, they have a name, date of birth and can tie you to an address, which should be plenty for a unique ID.
Bear in mind there is a derogation, which can be included as part of your contract.
No, you have to agree to the derogation when you're employed, and there's no restriction on occupation (though I don't know what's actually in standard LA contracts, and obviously academy/private/etc will vary). Many employers include it simply to avoid legal issues.
Remember the broker is on your side, not the bank's - they can advise if you don't need to tell the bank something, or whether it would be in your best interest to disclose. Generally speaking renting isn't an issue - lenders know that life plans change and as long as you weren't taking the piss all along, usually something can be done. At the end of the day, you own the house, not them, and as long as you pay on time, their remedies are relatively limited. Run it all past a solicitor once you have a plan to make sure you're above board at all angles, especially the lease if you do let it.
For the first question, they wouldn't, unless something went wrong. For the second, it changes the risk level - both incidence and severity.
Very much this. I know some people who were close to someone who is now high up in the Trump administration, and they say it's a whirlpool you get sucked into, and once you're in, you don't make it out as the man you once were.
Apart from the fact you didn't come up with that idea yourself, nitpicking a verbal response to a touchy interjection where you know damned well that isn't what he meant is the opposite of good faith debate. Behave yourself.
Because if it doesn't do it by default people start calling support
Top tip: look at the 2nd last flat. That's the key. None of this Charles' father, or was it Father Charles, etc, bollocks.
Yeah, I think most people are fine out to 3/4 sharps/flats, it's beyond that you can start to get hazy so second last flat/last sharp is leading tone are useful tricks.
The F and C natural are cancelling the previous key signature of D.
My view is that the correct position for the right hand thumb varies, and that it doesn't need a stop and it may well be counterproductive.
Mmmm - how much writing do you think Don ever did? With a fountain pen?
It's cognate with the verb "bounce", as in, "let's bounce, people". Except you get bounced instead of choosing to bounce.
Indeed. There are so many of them that they're growing their own unique subculture of terrible, self-congratulatory musicianship.
The option seems to have disappeared - /u/necrokitty, was it turned off on purpose?
Haha, I started reading it and wondered for a second if I had. The number of bagpipe nerds obsessed with thumb angle is...low.
Take off tax and see what you're left with...
Just one comment - whatever your job, whatever you do, remember you are never entitled to that job beyond tomorrow. Obviously your employer needs you for six months, a year, two years - but once you have your feet under the table, always have one eye on what the future will bring. If you don't have a plan to move on or move up, when the music stops, you won't have a chair, or a desk, at all. At the level you are at, you are vulnerable to internal politics in a way that no shelf-stacker ever is.
For sure, someone turning 100 today has had a wild ride.
If you do this, you will be banned from the platform. I'm not saying don't do it, but that's what will happen.
So, my perspective as a teacher... - It's perfectly fine to start at 5, but progress will be slow, like, you might well go a few years and still not hear anything super musical. In my experience, although it doesn't look very productive, it seems to be cooking somewhere subconsciously and eventually pops up as a much faster progress down the line. - The children's chanters are fine, though worth upgrading to a standard size as soon as possible as the child ones are horribly out of tune. - Private lessons are ideal but if you have a good pipe band program near you as well (whereabouts are you?) that can be a really good environment for kids to learn as they soak it in. - When he starts lessons, don't force practice but do structure his time so that he is sat down with a chanter and music most days so he *can* practice. Kids don't develop the executive function to manage their own practice routines until they're teenagers - I hear a lot of parents say "he doesn't practice", and it's always because the parent is waiting for them to volunteer. - There are lots of Youtube videos, internet radio stations, podcasts, Spotify, with piping and Scottish music. The more he can listen to it, the better, even if it's just background music while he does other stuff. - Grab a couple of spare reeds, they're not expensive but will inevitably die mysterious deaths with no explanation.
Although flutes have been made of bone, I don't think the modern conception of a tin whistle was ever normally made out of bone. A flute is a lot easier to craft than a fipple.
Hey friend. This is a situation you were totally unprepared for and there's no shame in that. I know judgement from people you love hurts, but here's the thing - they don't know what playing music is. They think it's some sort of magic, and that your magic failed you. &gt; The one I know is specifically made for an 88 key piano. So from this it sounds like the reason you weren't prepared is that you're used to taking music for a piece, learning it, and then playing it as well as you can. But what you really needed in this situation was the ability to improvise a little - to take your knowledge of the piece and remake it in a way that suits what you have in front of you. That's partly performance skills but also a solid knowledge of chords, progressions, and playing styles - a basic grounding that's often missed when you are used to learning to do what a bit of sheet music says to do.
What about the establishment of a charitable trust for the maintenance of persons revived from cryogenic preservation? Such people would presumably be revived penniless. For that matter, why don't the cryo firms offer wealth management as part of their service?
All in all, I suspect the best answer is that on your death, all your possessions should be sold, and turned into gold and stored with you. £1m is very roughly a litre of gold, and if gold is valueless when you emerge, you probably don't need money regardless. I'm more interested in the legal question - I'm pretty sure that when you die your executor can just look at your will and go, nah, not doing that.
Yes, but also, the word you use - "finding" - is revealing, is it not? You shouldn't need to "find" anything. It should be there, ready, when you need to teach that topic and it's time to hand out that exercise.
You'd be better off (a) doing some basic sightreading work daily and (b) studying your scales and chords. The two will then fit together giving you what you want.
People use Airbnb all the time when they move to a new city and need to find somewhere to stay. People usually book for a couple of weeks as it's often quite easy to find somewhere to move into right now if you're ready to go. I would recommend that you only bring a couple of suitcases and keep things simple - if you have to get everything out your parent's house, consider putting stuff in a storage unit.
The most obvious reason I can think of is that teenagers can be real assholes, and there will always be a few that will exploit any situation for their own amusement.
Oh for sure. It's a difficult issue and I think the profession could probably do more as a whole. It's not out of line with criminality in other professions - about 1% of bank staff are sacked annually for fraud or theft.
Enjoy https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lSXxEdaOqgU
Have a bash at Glossika and work through some pronunciation resources yourself first of all - not to put you off but there aren't that many Gaelic speakers who have time to help out in this way so help them be most effective by calling on them when you need them.
Much of the New Town was incredibly cheap until surprisingly recently. You couldn't quite get one of those places off a normal workman's salary but if you had a wee bit of a lump sum for whatever reason or did well for yourself, for most of the 20th century they were very affordable. Even when I was a schoolboy in the late 90s, it was only then that the first New Town property (Abercromby Place, I think) was sold for a million quid, to howls of outrage. At the same time, a pal of mine's parents who worked in theatre, that notoriously flush profession, bought a flat round the corner in Drummond Place.
Band H? Four grand a year in East Lothian. Probably spend more on your staff's Christmas gifts.
Ooh, I wasn't aware of that, thanks!
We could really do with a bagpipe standards body to come out and say, "right you bastards, practice chanters shall henceforth be pitched at A=440, sort it out".
The good news is, the more they do it, the less money there is to make from it. Arbitrage used to be a gentleman's game - come into the office at 10am, buy some dollars, sell it again at 2pm and head to the golf course in the Bentley.
Two major things that you should think about if you're serious about competition success: - Where are you going to get a prize-winning leading drummer from who will share your vision and be in it for the long haul? - Are you willing to create and sustain a teaching organisation with about 100 kids under instruction? Beyond that - try not to tread on toes, stay on good terms with other organisations, start lightly, and remember the biggest assets in an organisation are not ideas but people that get off their butts and do stuff. That retired piper who comes in once a week and teaches all your kids their first scales is the backbone of any organisation.
&gt; I think very few associations REQUIRE matching kilts to compete Most associations require 'uniform', whatever that means, but it can be waived on request - but always check the specifics.
Hah. The number of handmade instruments where the thumbhole is at 180 to the front holes is...low. Fingerholes are remarkably awkward things to layout accurately.
What applies is the long-term cancellation policy, which over-rides other policies. From the point you cancel, you will pay for another 30 days, but nothing more. (The host can choose to refund you some or all of the thirty days as well but that's up to them).
&gt; Also, just for future reference, don’t ever compare any part of a woman’s genitals to a reptile. It’s so not sexy. I once read a story that described a lady's parted thighs as like unto a "yawning snake" [exact words] and twenty years later I still cannot fathom what the author was thinking.
The unwillingness of professional musicians to accept the existence of the compound time signature never ceases to astonish me.
Here we go Gathering Nuts in May, 6/8. Frere Jacques, 2/4, Bobby Shaftoe, 2/4.
Can I suggest investigating those weird flappy collections of paper called books? Think of a tune or composer you like and see where they are published and for an hour or two's labour you can earn enough currency tokens to purchase some flappy paper which will be filled with new tunes for you to learn.
Also: please do not go to /r/books and post saying hey, /r/books, I like books, can you recommend me a book.
&gt; It's like the notion of personal and religious freedom is only a good thing when it applies to people like me It's almost as if it was always propaganda.
&gt; I think it was true for a while - there was that whole Revolutionary War thing I think people who were not, well, white might have disagreed with you.
Companies like Payoneer are a very thin veneer of brand and technology over someone else's tech stack. They don't like to let you know how vulnerable they are to upstream failure.
On composing harmonies, you have to understand what's going on. If you learn your music theory up to the point where you can construct chords and know what chord progressions are and how they move, you'll be in a much better place. For example, the chord sequence for Scotland the Brave is something like A - - - | A - - - | D - A - | Bm E7 - - | A - - - | A - - - | D - A - | E7 A - - | Now we need the notes of our chords: A: A, C, E D: D, F, A E7: E, G#, B, D Bm: B, D, F Now we just need to thread them together in some sort of pleasing order, which is left as an exercise to the reader. Remember, you don't have to follow the same rhythm as the tune, and if you have two notes that can be the same in the harmony line, that's often the best choice.
&gt; Lioness of Brittany Ah. Breton. That explains everything.
Put your pinkie on the bottom hole and top two on the next two holes. Can do the same with the top hand but probably not necessary.
You can find a copy of it in Don's excellent book, Call to the Gathering, published by Don Bradford.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NUK2smjQUPk (and I expect you to watch the whole thing)
Most instruments are cluiched, apart from pipes, which are seinned.
Obh obh, is dòbhaidh an companach an t-acras
It's great, isn't it? Sorts the people who say they love MSR from the people who really do.
Go on then
Haha, yep. When I played with the later incarnation of the same band we did a lot of ceremonial functions with various city bodies which involved a lot of frantic learning of random tunes five minutes before a performance. A list would have been most helpful.
&gt; you have things like WWI and WWII Right, well, first of all, radio broadcasting didn't exist until well after WWI, and secondly, the thesis that "mass media caused world wars" is a hell of a bold one. I am pretty sure factors like "badly structured governments with competing internal incentives combined with incomplete knowledge of opposing government intentions" and "hey, Germany just invaded Belgium on the way to conquer France" were also contributing factors.
Please, I beg you, stop getting your history from Ladybird books and Reddit comments.
Nothing like getting the pipes good and wet before getting to work :D
A quick audio clip will be much easier to diagnose than trying to guess from your description.
It's for usability - people are more likely to notice the error if the screen responds sluggishly.
Any audio snippet site like Vocaroo will work fine. Doesn't need to be high quality or anything.
Extinct is pretty unlikely, for all the reasons given - there will always be a few humans on a ship or an island somewhere. What is perfectly possible is a sufficiently damaging infection to cause a civilisational collapse. Covid has already severely stressed our economic environment and as the old saying goes, civilisation is only ever three hot meals away from anarchy. If the sewage, water, power networks were to break down through undermanning you could be in Station Eleven territory pretty quickly.
Hmmm. Wouldn't the instantaneous loss of blood pressure black you out within seconds, if that?
This is a concept that runs through most of the canon of Western art for hundreds of years - the visual arts have their concept of "mastercopy", quite literally copying the works of previous greats. It's not so long since a standard part of a musician's training was copying out scores by hand, quite extensively.
Yeah, something's not right there. I think with more breath support - breathe in with your stomach, not your chest - you could get more of the second octav but that high B should not just disappear. The problem is that the floor of the windway - from your mouth to the fipple box - should be bang in line with the edge of the fipple, and I suspect it's too high. See if you can sight through it from the mouthpiece end and see where the edge of the fipple is.
It's perfectly possible, but it's also quite likely that his mother could have deliberately never spoken a word of it again after leaving (I have been told that on return visits, she only spoke English, though that's hearsay). In general, children do not learn the native language of their parents unless they are immersed in that language. Even if she did speak it with him, it's very unlikely he retained any of it.
https://tradconnect.com/m/group/discussion?id=6391199%3ATopic%3A61667 This describes it far better than I can!
&gt; a keyless transverse flute Haha, be very careful, you'd be amazed how much you can spend on a flute. I still play them though I must admit I'm in a bit of a holding pattern. At one point I was trying to compete with GHB and learn UP, fiddle, guitar and piano all at once (and sing in a choir) and it was all Too Much so some of them have taken a bit of a back seat. I think there's definitely something to be said for getting comfortable with SSP and whistle before diving into UP, but the other thing about UP is it's hard to describe the extent to which you're reimagining the way you think about playing a chanter. *Nothing* transfers when you're really playing idiomatically.
The chanter was made by Peter Hunter - I got very lucky, it's a belter of a chanter yet very expressive - I can get loads of shade out of it and it's got a few unique quirkls of it's own, including a hard F! I bought the chanter first then got Sam Lawrence to make me a half set. I did think about regulators, but I was of the mind to play Irish music as a team sport and regulators aren't necessarily all that welcome in sessions.
To be fair, the more you learn, the easier it gets. I think people should be rotating their repertoire for that reason alone.
