It definitely just blew up from enemy fire as you got out of it.
That’s honestly pretty shameful on part of the officials over this time.
Not who you’re replying to but I’ll deal with how terrible the windows store is in order to play awesome games. FH4 is outstanding, but that doesn’t change the reality of it being sold on a terrible platform.
Post a link or jump back into the rendering pit you scum.
God I love these movies.
Good thing I have my “Auston Matthews sucks at hockey” article hot and ready to go
All the people anxious are acting like a normal sports fan. You are a boil on the but.
One of my favourite jokes lol
I go to Gord for play-by-play, that’s it that’s all.
I was talking about how I miss Freddy on the Ducks subreddit and people jumped down my throat about how he’s overrated and wasn’t really that great for us. Don’t get me wrong I love John Gibson from my brain to my ballsack, but Freddy Andersen WAS the Ducks for a few years. Wouldn’t have done shit without him. I guess that’s what happens when you become a Leaf. People straight-up make shit up to justify hating you.
Guys the third one isn’t too bad right?
I’m knocking his hustle. Guy is pushing fantasy booking as a reason to support him financially.
Well their hustle sucks too then.
Greasy and lazy.
Can’t speak for PS4 but I know there are a lot of third party sites that host Xbox clips. There could be the same for PS4. Example: https://xboxdvr.com/
What’s worse than those who care too much about karma? Those that care too much about those that care too much about karma.
It would be a glorious waste of resources at this point for absolutely zero ROI.
Bought the game last weekend and still haven’t played Crait. I’ve heard mixed reviews but I mean shit, id like to play it once.
While I agree with you completely, EA will (and likely already has) throw this game away due to it not being a cash cow. Why would they put resources into an Old Republic expansion when it’s pretty much guaranteed that that would be a sunk cost?
Can’t say I’m too into watching newer SW cartoons, sorry.
I have shit internet and like to play games on release day, so...
Spend all of launch day downloading the game! :D
The pacific is hilarious lmao.
I still maintain that Gibson is probably the most underrated player in the league, but it comes with the geography I guess.
I’m sure it was.
Yeah I agree that it's great work, I just feel like a better compromise between the cartoon look and the realistic look seen here can be reached. I actually really dig that Rebels render of her lol.
“Terminate her. Immediately.”
https://www.nationalgeographic.org/projects/out-of-eden-walk/ Skipped Subsaharan Africa, but added the Americas.
I complained about it :( WW1 my ass.
What was so unrealistic about BF1942?
Do or do not.
Yeah I bought this last weekend with about six buddies and we were very worried about starting out at the bottom. However in terms of infantry play the Star Cards don’t really provide too significant of an advantage. I was getting wrecked pretty hard in Starfighter Assault though, but it’s getting better.
Honestly I think that players like that are being pretty ridiculous. They’re just maps, and the gameplay is almost 100% the same. Like is it really that big of a deal to be playing on a sequel map? Just pretend you’re in the OT for 10-20 minutes.
RIP Battlefront 2
Either would be preferred to this creepy human-eyed version.
I believe March on the Jedi Temple is in the game as well, unless I’m confusing it with something else. It *would* be perfect for him. EDIT: I was confusing it with something else.
No but you definitely had defenders of the game spouting the same bullshit arguments. “lol BF has never been realistic you can flip tanks and do 360 rocket snipes.” As if that is the point at all, I mean for fuck sakes just because it is a sandbox FPS doesn’t mean that it can’t also portray a faithful setting (which they used to be very good at). They make a game set in WW[1 or 2] and as a fan of history I would expect an authentic setting. Neither of the games have delivered that (although this new one looks pretty close) and sharing this opinion gets you labelled a racist or something.
I absolutely remember switching my item pickup from hold to tap the first time I played the game on Xbox.
&gt;M$ 🙄
Did you see the prequels before you saw the OT? Also how old are you? I don’t disagree that ROTS is a pretty good movie but your opinions on the OT sound like someone who didn’t see it until after they read about it on the internet. “Boba Fett is way overhyped” is why I’m asking this.
This is shit and I'll never touch RDO, but if this is what it takes to pay for the ludicrous effort put into RDR2 then I'm okay with it. Edit: I guess I should rephrase it. As long as Rockstar keeps making insane single player games that take like at least 80 hours to beat I couldn’t give less of a shit if they want to sell people garbage in their MP mode.
I'll see Lion King because it was my favourite movie as a kid and I liked the new Jungle Book, but Aladdin? Without Robin? That's gonna be a no.
I’m not saying it will be a bad movie without Robin Williams or that Will Smith will do a bad job, I’m saying I have no interest in an Aladdin remake without Robin Williams. As in it’s like, my opinion man. Why would I care how well non-English dubs performed? That case could be made for literally every iconic animated voice-acting role ever.
Can confirm. Game looks like ass IMO. Have not played.
You’ll have to help me out with this research. Couldn’t find shit on Treyarch wanting to “present the game completely different” other than a brief bit about their original plans for the campaign.
Respawn signed with EA practically immediately after forming.
Okay? I guess some of those 1.6 players and source players went to Siege then. https://prosettings.net/rainbow-6-pro-settings-gear-list/
Yeah I’m not going to take your word for it.
Meh I’m okay with it being the way it is.
Sure but I don’t think you should get a refund on something you’ve used for dozens of hours, if not days, of raw time. If the inventory system is something worth refunding over (as seems to be the notion here) that would have been realized in beta or at least within the first game.
What if you’re trying to shoot them specifically?
As far as I’m concerned as long as Black Ops 4 offers blackout, multiplayer and zombies in a playable state then there is zero cause for refund after a certain amount of playtime.
I was pointing out that the business relationship existed between EA and Respawn practically as soon as the company was formed. A little bit different from the “indie devs really have a tough time” point that you were making. Why are you being immature and resorting to insults?
I expect slightly more than nothing. Again, think about how much money this game even has a slim chance at making for EA in 2019 and then come back to wondering how much money they’ll put into it in 2019.
The bags are bugged or they just don’t have a good inventory system at all? I haven’t seen bugs with it but it is clumsy as hell and was one of the reasons I was apprehensive about Blackout. And that was absolutely the case in beta. Edit: the analogy is ridiculous because it’s impossible. The idea that Fortnite is a ‘Ferrari that turned into a Honda’ is entirely subjective and even if Fortnite was not free would be no basis for any kind of compensation. Like what do you even mean by that?
I agree with the tick rate but I thought they said they brought that back up?
Yeah exactly. The devs seem very dedicated to the game, but I wonder how many shareholder meetings EA can get through constantly getting hounded over BF2. I know the game is doing better, and I know lots of people bought it when it was on sale, but there is no chance for growth here. BF2 undersold BF1 if I understand correctly, and there is basically no revenue stream from the game as a service. I can’t imagine many people are buying crystals when prices are so high and you earn credits so fast.
I agree with you, I’m just very cynical when it comes to the whole corporate, shareholder-y stuff. I see it far more likely for them to make a new game with a more refined revenue stream than to revive this one.
Yeah I have like a thousand hours in it. The microtransactions were either cosmetic or attached to the non-competitive 12v12 warzone mode, and even in that they were pretty pointless. I never had a problem not having high level stuff to call in, but then again I rarely played that mode. Not sure what you mean about the items, you mean armour and stuff?
I may sound like a shill but try out Siege if you haven’t. It pretty much saved FPS for me when I had had enough of CoD/BF. Still AAA and still filling up pretty quick with premium cosmetics, but I think they do right by the community with their content releases.
Why is there a huge debunk patrol out to shit on the Tiger missions in this game? Like seriously who cares? It’s a cool thing for a WW2 video game to have you do. “Hey what if we do a Tiger I mission? It’s like this mythical German death machine?” “Yeah but people will shit on us for it despite how fun it might be.” Ever play Secret Weapons Over Normandy? WW2 flight game, had bat-shit alt-history missions like where you stop Operation Sea Lion as its setting off, which of course never happened, or you have to destroy V2 rockets before they destroy the Normandy landing zone. You also got to fly an ME 262 jet fighter near the end of the game. These fighters were introduced too late to have any real impact as resources were low (sound familiar?) but they were fun as fuck to use in a video game. So why not the Tiger? Is it really so bad that they said the Tiger is *arguably* the single most devastating weapons system?
All I remember from BF4 was how silly it was that your subordinate had to order you around because you are a silent protagonist.
Indicative of the future of this game. Combining two dead playlists and slapping an event name on it.
He’s just pissed that the sword store at the shitty mall closed early.
Yup. You can bank on this whole 'direct relationship with players' basically guaranteeing there won't be user-reviews.
There's so much 'Hey Fortnite is huge, IF they get a good library and IF it's a good service then they have a chance. Well what IF Fornite isn't as huge in three years as it is now? Gaming controversies come and go like the sun, anything can happen in the amount of time it takes to establish an online gaming storefront.
Well I mean budget-wise you are totally correct, but it’s being published by a sub-division of Take-Two. So AAA backing but a mid-range budget and scope. Not bad, I hope more of the big publishers do this. Maybe they already do and I just don’t know it!
He does this shit a lot. In the original PUBG stream honking videos he keeps saying he could “reach out to someone right now and get them banned” He’s such a fucking douche. Failed Halo pro just hopped games until he struck gold. Good for him I guess.
Well The Stick of Truth was pretty clean on release, so there's that :]
**32 X THE DETAIL!!**
Not this one. This is published by [Private Division](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Private_Division).
Yikes.
Sort of like the DS and Journey systems put together.
So that’s why I couldn’t play on my PC? What a joke. I already have Game Pass, I’m obviously just going to play this on my Xbox instead of dropping $50 just to play on Epic’s store. Fuck this.
Oh my god it's the [Godpigeon](https://vignette.wikia.nocookie.net/yunas-princess-adventure/images/6/67/The_Godpigeon.png/revision/latest?cb=20160928165621)
Most metalcore title.
I don't get your point. It IS free, and just because your friend spent money on skins doesn't mean you have to. Don't get me wrong, I carry a significant dislike for that game, but it's economic model is probably one of the better ones coming out of the F2P zone.
Available with $12 subscription***
Please accept further gifts of goodwill and friendship.
EASHL AI star Steven Oleksy. Best of luck.
Yeah not bad!
K19 is so absurd. Every time I see movies with American/English-speaking actors playing foreigners and speaking in their accent it breaks my mind. It just makes no sense. Also, I think Valkyrie takes the cake for most confusing choice of accents.
It’s their fault due to them being murdered by Senate mob-rule.
Even getting back to the asylum is a pretty ridiculous thing to expect the player to just figure out. I suppose it’s technically optional though.
There’s the GBA version, that I know.
I’ll just throw Halo 5 into the mix for great hit/kill confirms. Say what you will about that game but it had killer sound design. https://youtu.be/YGV8Q3UqTj0
That’s so dumb lol.
Cloud was in Smash 4. AFAIK he never appeared on a Nintendo console before that.
All I ever heard was how they didn’t affect the game and totally optional and all that. Eventually they were removed, so I was more keen on buying it on sale. Well fuck me is that game an absolute slog after a certain point, not even the end-game stuff that criticisms focused around at launch. The grind in that game is significantly more stifling than in the previous game, and completely removing loot boxes makes that even more apparent.
According to one thread I saw on the r6 sub the truly dedicated XiM users also use macros. So they literally spam thousands of inputs into both leans and crouching while they shoot at you.
The horde mechanics of the zombies look very cool. It seems like every Z game since L4D just involves fighting like 2-12 slow-ass zombies at a time. This WWZ shit is more my kind of deal.
“Is it just me or are RTS games better with a mouse and keyboard?”
The hyperbole is strong with this one. The folks behind the Halo Wars series deserve a lot of credit for actually making an RTS that can be played with a controller. Obviously M&amp;K is better in every way, but to say “RTS games are not enjoyable one bit with a controller” is stupid.
That’s because Fortnite’s gunplay is ass and not the only significant part of the game’s skill-set. A veteran FN player with a controller will destroy a novice with M&amp;K, even if they’re skilled at shooters. Gears is also a little unique in its emphasis on movement and shotguns. Combine Blops 4 or Battlefield servers and tell me there is no disparity between input choice. RTS would be even worse.
I just found the fortress battles/mechanics incredibly underwhelming and therefore had no desire to get more/better Orcs. The act of acquiring them isn’t the grind, it’s the boring missions that you’re acquiring them for that I have a problem with.
How would it not? You need better Orcs to take down better fortresses. The fastest way to get better Orcs was to buy loot boxes.
Yeah but that’s the idea of lootboxes in single player games. They assume people don’t want to deal with dominating dozens of powerful Orcs so they’ll just buy them. Whether that’s true or not I guess we’ll never know, but that’s absolutely the idea or else why were they even there to begin with? Never got to Shadow Wars.
I agree, but that’s not the point. There will always be the people that want to be finished/levelled up/strong as fast as possible. The quickest way to do that at launch would have been to buy lootboxes. That is all I have been trying to say. I agree the Orc mechanics are fun. Battlefield games were fun but that didn’t stop EA from slamming in cash-bought progression skips. I agree with basically everything you have said. Just the idea that loot boxes don’t quicken anything doesn’t really make sense. The realities of the mechanics don’t matter to the people that buy this crap. If you told them it was easier and and you get better Orcs if you dominate yourself, they’d just say they don’t care they just want to get through the game.
That just makes the lootboxes more shady. They marketed them as a time-skip kind of purchase, but they don’t end up doing that as you say. I’m simply saying that people likely bought them in droves solely because they existed. WB marketed them as speeding up the game or the alleged grind. If you are correct (I’m not saying you aren’t I just haven’t finished the game yet) then it’s clearly just WB being shitty and not only misunderstanding their fan base, but also hilariously misreading the lootbox phenomenon in general. Still though, the basic premise of orcs being a source of power, and there being an ability to purchase more of said power at will (despite it not necessarily being the best way to attain more power) would pretty much guarantee the success of the lootboxes. Luckily outrage prevailed.
Oh I’m aware of the extent of how terrible WB is as a publisher. They don’t really get a lot of the hate they deserve actually. I’d say they’re just as bad if not worse than EA, Activision, etc.
Well I mean they did sort of freak out and significantly alter the game into a non-predatory state. Is cancellation the only way the SWBF2 controversy could have ended in a positive way for consumers? Is that at all realistic?
This is some pretty fantastic incompetence shown by a billion-dollar company. Keep it comin' Mr. Howard.
Seriously. All the Cage-isms are crammed into Marcus and Cara's story while Connor's is pretty interesting the whole time and really doesn't feel like another Cage game, save maybe the beginning. The stuff with the android-compartment on the bus: hilarious. The big reveal in Cara's story: ridiculous, and sort of ruins everything. The android characters were also very hard to logically place. I didn't really understand the rules of how their personalities could function. They're basically just people and that kind of made it less interesting, but I suppose it allowed for way more on-the-nose civil rights references/tropes.
Victarion, but I have a soft stop for that big idiot.
Yikes
Fat and pale meant rich and happy, way back when. Just like tanned and fit meant you were a worker/slave/whatever. Obviously generalizing like crazy. I mean wtf is “way back when”
Yes indeed. Imo they all pale in comparison to the insanity of Indigo Prophecy, although B:TS is absolute tripe as well.
I definitely agree about the performances. Connor and Hank were great and IMO Marcus and North were quite weak. Cara was voiced and portrayed quite well, but her story really failed I think.
No need to be a dick, I was just wondering if this is something that Sony actually says. Either way I’d wager a vast majority of those kids aged 3-6 would still probably call it the ‘X’ button.
That’s the thing, they did a bit of both but didn’t really need to. The whole show was basically an ad for Red Dead, but that was through it performing well in awards and having those pretty fantastic musical performances. It wasn’t just some Rockstar guy taking to Geoff about upcoming updates, it was stuff that felt normal in a sort of formal awards show.
Yeah that’s what I’m saying. They don’t need as many trailers, if any at all. Edit: I saw someone say that it could work if they were just like commercials are on television. You’re right though in that it feels cheap with the host cutting to stuff.
Ah, nice.
I don’t have motivation to do the fortress battles because they are boring. One of my favourite series is Total War, I’m very into that kind of thing. To call the army mechanics shallow would be an understatement. What tactics are you referring to? To be fair I only played about half of the game but the assaults were basically just big set-piece missions. I wouldn’t really call upgrading your fort/orcs tactical.
If by the game not being for me you mean I just don’t like the game then you’d be right. I never said I expected this game to have TW-level armies and depth. I just used that series as an example that I am a ‘person who likes armies and tactics’ both pure and not so much.
I thought Jinnochi left? https://www.windowscentral.com/halo-composer-kazuma-jinnouchi-leaves-343-industries
I bet this doesn’t look too bad on a nice day in the summer.
So Vince McMahon founded an empire on gaslighting?
Its widespread use is quite effective in ensuring I’ll never rewatch that show, sadly.
I can’t even fathom playing Doom or Wolfenstein at 30fps tbh. But to your other point I got Dead Cells on Switch even though it was probably the most expensive version because that game is absolutely perfect for the system.
Just curious about your final point there. What would you consider a ‘gaming’ PC? The most common GPU by a significant margin is the 1060. Now it isn’t the most powerful by a stretch, but I wouldn’t call it mediocre/bad and would probably assume that person was intending to build a ‘gaming’ PC.
Pretty sure it was just them showing how fucking injured Hero was, and it's just a super-future-sciency data panel.
Would people not just purchase their games from the US at that point?
That’s the one!
Yes I too prefer my women old, impure and filthy.
I'm like a 5-13 guy.
There is absolutely 0% chance of a lawsuit over someone saying they enjoyed the alpha. I know that it might technically be a breach of the NDA but come on. Even the guys that were banned for streaming it probably won’t get sued.
Yeah no one is getting sued for talking about the alpha. The people who streamed it probably won’t even get sued. I thought the controls could use some work.
That’s great that they’re giving devs a bigger cut. I don’t see why I’d ever consider using this store over that though. I really don’t think this console-war bullshit is going to fly with PC gaming.
A low cut flannel top and dark pants. So fucking weird lmao.
Oh boy are you setting yourself up for disappointment all over again.
Am I being pranked?
I love GSP's tiny Blackberry, what an era.
Imagine critiquing a shitpost on a meme sub for having no merit.
Didn't say you can't defend your opinion. The bit about merit in the context of a meme sub just makes you look like an "iamverysmart" twat. EDIT: WAIT WAIT WAIT I HAVE A BETTER REPLY! Only a sith deals in absolutes. All views have merit :D
Ooooo I'm writing my "Yankees have growing interest in Guerrero Jr." article right now. Clicks gonna be clickin'
My family loves that all I actually ask for in terms of gifts are Steam giftcards. It's easy, and they go a long way :D
Is the Tolkien edit well-regarded? I'm curious about it but I don't want to waste a few hours like I did with certain god-awful Star Wars prequel edits.
Ah, very good.
Hi I’m here for the gangbang?
Yeah I’ve been having a killer time. Best ten dollar game I’ve bought in a while.
Cool to get this kind of insight. Cheers.
Sounds like you’ve got a favourite game there friend. I’ve only played through Skyrim once, but this post may inspire me to give it another go.
We could be travelling into a section of space-time where people just getting into the Best Friends won’t know who Liam is. :(
I will say that I’ve never laughed harder at a gaming session than when me and a bunch of buddies did a bunch of those custom races. Everything else is shit unfortunately.
This is peak Reddit.
TIL averaging ~400-500k concurrent players is a game that’s been killed. EDIT: Mixed up 'daily' with 'concurrent'. PUBG still gets millions of players per day with the concurrent peak being around 900k when China is in primetime.
That hype worked though. I was so excited for that game. It was ok. EDIT: The hype worked because I was a kid. More epic gamers likely saw through Guerilla's clever marketing coup.
Of course, and it hasn’t done itself any favours at all. But this whole thing of calling one of the most played video games in the world ‘dead’ is just such a Reddit thing to do.
Yeah I was ten. Sorry I wasn't savvy enough for ya bud.
Proof that Destiny has ever hit 2 million CONCURRENT players?
Propaganda or not it would be so super cool if a video game or something was brave enough to feature these true-life tales of the female heroes of the Second World War. Maybe one day.
I’m a massive souls fan and I couldn’t play more than ten minutes of Ashen. So maybe you’ll like it!
&gt; lol touched a nerve there? Ironic.
You said small sample sizes are *never* representative of a population. They are saying focus groups *can* be representative of a population. You then take that as them saying focus groups are *always* representative of a population. No market research firm would ever use a single focus group as a basis for launching a product, as you confusingly brought up here. They are a small part of the research process, but they are effective and have had their place in professional research for decades. Small sample sizes can absolutely be representative of an entire population, you just need to make sure the sample is collected efficiently. You are wrong when you assert that small sample sizes are useless, and you don’t seem to be willing to actually read any of the posts explaining why. I’m not sure why I even posted this tbh.
Less salacious. If that was the prevailing theory they wouldn’t get as much attention, I guess. I dunno.
HAH GAHD!
Best in the business.
Yet another example in the “Orton can be pretty great when he cares” list of matches. This was a lot of fun.
An anti-gay mental health charity. What could go wrong there?
There are also cultural factors at play. Mobile gaming is massively popular in Asia, and populations are massively...massive.
It’s was pretty evident in 2015 and 2016 that any media involving salacious trade rumours or hot takes about the Blue Jays send our fan base into a frenzy, especially if they’re from American reporters. To be clear, I do not think Vladdy should be traded.
Probably walking her rodent-dog and had to step like half a foot over to avoid the commotion. Neighbours are fucked. I worked landscaping this summer and one of our clients had us put in two small-medium sized trees on their boulevard. Well eventually we had to move them because we assumed the city called our client, but sure enough it was some dick neighbour. Can’t even think of a legitimate reason as to why someone would care about trees on their neighbours front lawn,
So some guy trying to politicize the situation tags the PM and you in turn further politicize the situation by somehow implying that being tagged in a tweet is a waste of the PM’s time? What?
I really don’t think it’s nearly as desperate as that. Anaheim has a pretty solid young core, but with a lot of aging money tied-up combined with Coach Randall it makes for a pretty desperate present-day situation.
I don’t.
I mean, it’s pretty much exactly what you said, but oh well.
Ohhhh wait you were bitching about the person that did the tagging. Well that’s a little less stupid I guess. Fair enough. My bad.
Wow what an amazing statue.
It was, is, and will remain the Battle Royale choice on Steam for the foreseeable future.
This was a bad year eh?
Well that’s why it goes to the #1 spot during peak time in China, and the falls back to #2/#3 during peak time in NA.
PUBG ahead of Fortnite??? Can’t be true must be Asian sweatshop scandal.
He’s trying for a rope break!
God they did him dirty.
I actually just recently installed it because of the Pat hype. It’s fun but I really don’t see reason to lose sleep over it. Granted I’m not very far in.
Well that doesn't look great.
Ohhh yeah true the genie did have an unsettling human disguise. Why put it on the poster though? EDIT: Not the poster, makes more sense for a photoshoot to have Will there I suppose.
Get over yourself, holy.
I could see someone being unfamiliar with the idea of adding up squad kills in BR games, especially if CoD is their first one...but I don't think that's what is happening here lol.
I’m in the same boat, except I game primarily on PC now, which is nice since I can still play select games with my Xbros.
It is definitely much better than release and can be enjoyed now like any other game but I'd hardly call it perfectly fine, especially when there are other versions that it compares to so unfavourably.
Maybe centuries ago.
I’m glad to hear that.
Again, I’m glad to hear it performs so much better. Not sure why you brought up Fortnite.
Yeah, I just don't see what Fortnite has to do with PUBG on Xbox performing badly. &gt;I know we all hate PUBGC/Bluehole, and Fortnite killed them etc. I don't know what this has to do with anything I've said. I thoroughly enjoy PUBG and can't stand Fortnite.
I understand that Fortnite's success tempered PUBG. I also understand that the Xbox version of PUBG was a travesty, was patched to a playable state like 6-8 months after launch and apparently requires a premium console to run well. I don't understand what those two things have to do with each-other though. So I suppose you're right, massive waste of time.
Still best CoD IMO and this comes from a massive CoD4/MW2 fanboy.
Man those few weeks after it came to XB1 backwards compatibility were so good.
Can someone more knowledgeable than I explain why the updates are so much smaller in size on PC compared to Xbox and (I assume) PS4?
I’m still sour about the characters unlocking. I mean it’s great that everyone gets them, but I was proud of unlocking Prophet and hadn’t really seen too many other people with him in Blackout. Oh well.
Just memes I think. People are fucking stupid.
People really like those movies I guess, never mind that the third one pretty much killed Spider-Man for a few years.
“Until they threaten to kill us over a fake suit in a fake game then I guess we will put some overtime in.”
Yeah but at least that’s a cool nitpick about some cool knowledge that you have. This was a bunch of smelly bastards bitching over an overrated suit from an overrated trilogy. It was quite pathetic.
It may be interesting, but the Human-Forerunner retcon had a big hand in killing all of the mystery in Halo for me. I was very intrigued by the whole “You ARE Forerunner” stuff, and then they just made us two separate races so we could have some big, crazy Jedi vs Sith war in the ancient past. It was also nice when the title ‘Reclaimer’ actually meant something that people can understand without consuming external media.
Helllll yeah Halo:Infinite on PC can’t wait!
Yep, I’m still waiting for someone to make a tactical, meaty, realistic BR WITH LEAN MECHANICS so that I can ditch PUBG. It will be a long wait I feel.
You don’t know why Truth believes his own lies because that wasn’t a part of the story until someone else wrote it in an external book. As far as the game goes Truth is a religious fanatic who has aspirations to trigger the apocalypse as he believes it will bring about salvation, with him at the head of it. It’s the same overall story that it has been since the first game. That’s all you really need to know, sure there are other aspects, but that is the central idea. Again I’m not saying external Halo media is bad or anything, but when they are so inconsistent with the games (or so critical to understanding parts of the games) it ends up hurting the overall IP with these ridiculous discussions of the story. I didn’t even know about the whole Didact talking to the Gravemind thing, which according to you is critical to his character in Halo 4.
So because it’s a video game they didn’t have time to develop the main villain or his motivations? I appreciate that you enjoyed the focus on Chief and Cortana but personally I need a little more than “we are fighting him because he is sinister.” Why do we hate Tartarus? Because we see him torture and eventually betray one of our main characters, who we like very much. Why do we hate Truth? Because he is a religious maniac who wants to destroy the galaxy based on a bunch of hocus-pocus bullshit. Also he is the leader of the god damn Covenant. I really don’t think we need much more than that. Why do we hate the Didact? Because he woke up and is trying to kill us because he has beef with ancient humans. What beef? Well here, allow me to throw an overly-expository cutscene at you and fully explain our new universe in 3 minutes. And then the Warden Eternal! My god, I know we aren’t talking about Halo 5 but holy shit I can’t even remember what happened in most of that game Sometimes less is more, I guess is what I’m trying to get at. I don’t hate Halo 4, I just think they could have done a much better job at establishing their new universe and all the retcons.
Reminds me of comparison videos between third party games on PS4 vs Xbox One. PS4 is always better, but the differences are straight up unnoticeable unless you are simultaneously playing both versions right next to each other.
Which part? The direct quote from Halo: CE or the use of the word "Reclaimer"? I'm pretty sure those are in the games, might not be canon anymore. As I said it was the mystery that was intriguing, not whichever uber epic backstory got picked as canon.
I don't think I've ever seen anything more unsettling than Life of Brian at 60fps.
Okay but I’m saying the idea of him being aware and at the head of a conspiracy doesn’t exist in Halo 2 because it hadn’t been written yet. My point is that when Halo 2 first launched all we needed to know was that he was the big religious maniac leading all the other religious maniacs. Sure there were power plays within that I guess, like how he lets Mercy die, but none of the massive conspiracy stuff that he was at the centre of was introduced until later novels and such. I can’t remember any internal politics of the Covenant in Halo 2 other than there is some kind of senate, the elites hate the brutes, etc. Sure the leaders scheme and plot against each other, but that doesn’t mean they don’t all believe in the Great Journey, which is what made the Covenant so dangerous in the first place; they don’t think they’re destroying the galaxy. That sort of becomes lame when it turns out that Truth is in on it, and becomes confusing when you think about why he would want to kill himself and everything else for no reason. You’re definitely right about the Didact and how he is irrelevant to the plot of Halo 4 though. Villain could literally have been anyone. I think my main issue with the newer games is that the stakes don’t seem as high. The Didact is like moments from melting the Earth but it never feels as desperate or hopeless as a lot of the Bungie games did, especially Reach. It doesn’t feel like a big space epic anymore, just lame fantasy.
Awesome.
Glaz in his "vacation" clothes.
How is it that they always seem to be messing about in Africa?
That’s still irrelevant in the context of Halo 2 as it’s own game, whether it’s Joe Staten writing the novel or me personally. The Star Wars prequels (and/or sequels) made nonsense out of a lot of stuff that was established in the original trilogy, but that doesn’t mean that Empire Strikes Back doesn’t make sense anymore/isn’t just as good now as it was then. At least it shouldn’t be viewed that way, in my opinion. For the record I totally agree about the voice actor change, but that was likely due to John Hurt being too expensive.
Okay so Halo 3. Again, I agree that Truth sucks after Halo 2.
Everything I've said so far has been about Halo 2 and Halo 2 alone. I said that **as I understood it** Truth was still a zealous follower of the Covenant religion and believed in the Great Journey. There was nothing in **Halo 2** that disputed this, and it was only after external media and the game's sequel altered his characterization that his motivations began to not make sense.
I've only been talking about Halo 2 this ENTIRE time. I'm not trying to argue with you, I thought we were having a discussion about Truth in various Halo media but apparently you saw this as some kind of contest the whole time. I concede whatever debate you think we were having.
Sorry I guess.
That’s great. I’d love to read more about that. Still think it’s less intriguing though.
It’s funny that so many people have become Red-scare anti-Russian warhawks all because it was the big Orange that made this decision.
I hate how they write as if the war with Iran has already begun proper and the US is retreating from it. I guess all that war mongering seems a bit silly now that Israel’s daddy seems to be quitting the region. Time to put your money where your mouth is Bibi.
First ten seconds of the video gives a pretty good answer.
The American public largely does not care about the plight of ANY foreign people, whether it’s Kurds, Arabs, Rebels, Syrians, Iraqis, Turks, or whatever group you can think of. The last year or so has shown that Americans (and Canadians...Westerners in general I guess) are totally fine with using victims’ plight in order to further political goals (appeals to pity using images of rebel plight in Aleppo, alleged gas attacks, etc.) but when the chips are actually down there is nothing more important politically or socially than bringing American troops out of foreign theatres.
I think the outrage comes from it seeming like this article puts forth the idea that American foreign policy should put Israeli interests ahead of American ones. Even if it’s an Israeli paper, that’s pretty naive.
He's right though.
You’re right I should have considered the fact that the core gimmicks of the last four or five CoDs have been ripped from other games.
Yeah the ones *against* prohibiting physical contact between sexes are the authoritarian ones. What a joke.
Maybe Mexico will pay them.
Well then clearly “he” needs to rethink what country “he” is trying to move to. Physical social barriers between sexes have no place in any modern society. That’s it that’s all.
Shit company makes shitty call, again.
https://www.sportskeeda.com/wwe/wwe-news-kevin-dunn-doesnt-like-becky-lynchs-accent-will-give-her-less-promo-time-from-now-on
Yeah a medical condition is a real thing, so that’s completely irrelevant. And yes social mores are different, like the idea that men holding hands can be seen as strange in the West, but just because something is strange doesn’t mean it’s forbidden. Outside of sexual harassment I can’t think of any act of physical contact that is forbidden based on the sexes of those involved.
My personal favourite is when they claim they will call the cops and “get you arrested.”
The source is WON, which is all we will ever get.
Totally forgot that that shit released lol
10/10 cringe-worthy edit 👌
Chinese console wars have come to PC! Hope the port is good.
Probably the only time the Hulkster has ever lived up to being a Real American.
Boy would that be a grim read, especially from his perspective.
Oh my god some of the rooftops need work! So hellish.
See now that time it was easy to tell you were being sarcastic.
I didn’t, and I feel terrible for it.
The Rock and Punk got me back into wrestling, but The Wyatts and The Shield are what made me stay. I’ll always have a spot for Harps in my top ten.
Lol cheers. I suppose he is among the ten guys that rotate through my Fave Five 😆
Sensibilities insulted by the POTUS? Better align with an authoritarian nightmare regime.
That’s been the modus operandi for the entire western world since Rwanda, why change now?
As long as he doesn’t call some country I’ve never heard of a shithole then I’ll proudly follow Mr Xi into any challenge.
Not the OP but my only exposure to them is the Steam Charts articles they do and whoever writes that is a tosser.
Right now? Easily Siege for me. Like RPS said I never thought I’d be subscribed to a Ubisoft shooter for 39.99 CAD a year, but here we are.
At this point it just seems like a extra layer of super lazy DRM.
I picked up BFV on sale last week and it’s a damn shame how badly the marketing fucked this game over. It’s a good bit of fun.
I’ve enjoyed my time with medic so far, smoking everything in sight has its merits. Granted I have only been playing for a week so I probably just haven’t put enough time in to see the issues.
This seems like it would make sense. I’ve only been playing for about a week and overall I really like how the TTK feels, but there have been moments where I seemingly get one-tapped by a Sten and this seems like it could explain that. Or everyone is hacking. Or I’m trash.
The expansion maps in BF4 were so significantly better than the launch maps.
Oh yeah like the Scorpion tank :)
Hey I’m new here what’s wrong with GO? I liked it in the last game and it seems okay in this one.
Ah true that all makes sense when you put it like that. Thanks for the reply. It definitely seems lacking compared to BF1.
Mute that person and report them, just like every game ever.
I understand those Coffee Stain people trying to confuse the customers that they hate so much by mentioning Netflix but it’s pretty funny seeing you parrot the same nonsense. Netflix and Amazon are paying to produce their own content, like Sony with TLOU or MS with Forza and Halo. You, on the other hand, are buying exclusivity, and whether it’s benefitting indie devs that need the money or not is irrelevant to the consumer. I don’t mind launchers, I am fine with Uplay, Origin, GOG, MS Store (the evil walled-garden right?), and Blizz. What I’m not okay with is a corporation buying up exclusivity and then trying to play themselves off as the good guys with appeals to pity for the indie devs, just to try and install adware (aka Fortnite) on my computer.
Careful, you might break the “literally” cap for one Epic thread.
I’m interested in reading about such a ban.
The amount of drama and walls of text in this thread is hilarious. It’s a speed running marathon for charity, get the fuck over it.
The one companion quest to the vault full of addicts was pretty interesting, but that was still all just a bunch of terminal reading, not actual dialogue or narrative.
I haven’t read this link or anything but I can pretty confidently say that there is no way that is the case.
Very worried as an Elder Scrolls fan tbh.
Boys I went to high school with Hutch too. Are we related?
Dated a girl in high school who didn’t know who Hitler was, or Wayne Gretzky for that matter, in Canada!
I recently listened to the infamous Giant Bomb debate over Fallout 4 and it reminded me how pathetic some apologist thinking is towards Bethesda. “Some of these bugs may be impossible to fix in this engine, so your expectations are unrealistic.” Maybe it’s time to dump that piece of trash then.
Vince McMahon did all the work on Lesnar anyway.
Obligatory shout-out to the LOTR games. I played the shit out of Two Towers as a lad.
If that truly is the case I’m not too worried, seeing as as a kid I was always too scared to actually play through RE2. Usually we’d rent it for sleepovers and freak out when the hands grab at you through the windows.
It was okay. Controls need work, seems similar to Destiny.
You should title this “My problems with Black Ops 4 Multiplayer” but I guess that wouldn’t get as much attention. People like Battle Royale. Get over it.
Have they mentioned a price? I’m pretty sure they aren’t selling the MCC for $100.
Just checked...$39.99 CAD. It would be utterly ridiculous if it were full priced on PC.
I agree, but "More on PC" does not equal "Full priced video game." I would completely understand if it is say $49.99 or $59.99 CAD, but I still think that would cost them sales. A lot of people are going to be purchasing this game for the second time. Also I think a collection of games ranging from seven to 18 years old, in a bundle that is itself five years old and was an infamous disaster at launch, will be an extremely tough sell at anything over $59.99 CAD. EDIT: I'd also argue that reviving the Halo brand prior to the launch of Infinite is the primary goal here. If 343i and MS intend to sacrifice sales revenue on MCC PC in order to maximize lifetime revenue for Infinite I wouldn't be surprised.
Lmao I can smell this comment.
Don’t watch it.
My buddy’s girlfriend saw this guy when she was driving home from work. You better believe this moron was on the highway like this.
Never even crossed my mind pal!
I like these ideas.
I’ve had music muted for about three years now but perhaps I’ll check it out if it’s so great!
I’m not really into racing games outside of Horizon but would Forza Motorsport not also cover that same niche?
As far as I’m concerned articles from The Sun might as well have come from The_Donald.
ESPN blowing their wad over the outro.
Bethesda Game Studios sure but I don’t think one bad game should hurt the perception of Bethesda Softworks. They’re a pretty solid publisher, in relation to their competition.
Only reason I can think of is shitty internet speed and a desire to play on day 1.
Why?
This blows my fucking mind. In Ontario you have your learners permit for 8 months to a year (depends if you take driver’s ed) then you can take a road test for a G2 license which still has some restrictions. Then after a year of that you can test for your G license, which involves driving on the highway and parallel parking. It seems crazy to me that you can basically just apply to be able to drive a giant steel death machine.
Lmao why are you trying to start a fight over this gif?
Always good to limber up!
Whatever the fuck this is makes Snooki look like a 10/10.
So who would be at fault here? Lane changer?
Russian Roulette in The Deer Hunter.
There’s no way people still play this...
Sorry I figured I didn’t have to specify that I was talking about the PC version. Been dead since about a month after launch.
Man I remember we used to play the Pineapple Express drinking game in Uni. “Finish your drink every time Red dies.”
Lmao as if this has upvotes. This clearly is not China.
I think this is the case for quite literally tens of millions of people.
Looks like the snipe from Halo. Very cool.
Global QRF. It doesn't need to be a large enough force to spearhead an invasion. It's not like the only two options are "do nothing" or "invade Iran."
There have been plenty of inexplicably loony authoritarians throughout history, it's just messed up that we get to see one play the role of the US President in the 21st century.
...or just firefighters.
Lol i love a good Pierre roast as much as the next lad but I kinda feel bad about this one.
No Disney was ~~long~~ gone before they changed it, but they likely wanted to distance themselves anyway. Sucks.
Holy SHIT those 67 ones are great.
True, seemed longer at the time I suppose.
I was particularly keen on the tree explosion.
Fuckin’ Brownie.
Seems like they hit the nail right on the head, actually.
They don’t need to re-seed they just need to seed 1-8 again in general rather than this baseball/football crap they got going now.
I also doubt very much that he would play in any alumni game.
Bruins gonna clinch home ice with 20 OT losses lmao.
Don't forget the cinematic fps.
Gave us the [greatest fight of all time](https://youtu.be/VDRCpN4OMpM) though.
You forgot to mention that they accomplished this in the sport of ice hockey.
You may be right, just seems strange that you would buy a pro sports franchise and that wouldn't include the rights to their logo.
Deadliest Warrior reboot.
Meh, Xbox is fine by me.
If escalation continues they'll probably just go with Third Gulf War; separate from SCW.
Garbage article from a garbage blog, sweet.
"“10/10 - IGN” is iconic and instantly recognizable part of our brand for millions of people." They did it for the memes.
Not even close pal.
Fox News has plenty. Apparently we have monthly sacrifices to our communist healthcare god and everyone is on heroin.
Shitty one.
It could certainly reach that point.
A new challenger appears.
Exactly. Seems like they did an image search and went with the first thing. It’s just kinda goofy that the caption credits From Software for the pic lol.
Only the knights/nobles speak with French accents. The peasants all have British/English accents.
They’re aware, they just don’t give a shit.
You can if you worship the ground Donboy slithers on.
One of the only explicit details we get about the size of any of these armies is that the North is a smaller force due to their small population, but they fight like wildmen.
That's incredibly unprofessional and sort of calls the whole company into question. So I'll be avoiding those folks.
The video is about Star Wars games.
Yes if this was just over alcoholism it would be an “indefinite leave of absence” or something like that.
Very true.
"The Americas (**also collectively called America**; French: Amérique, Dutch: Amerika, Spanish and Portuguese: América) comprise the totality of the continents of North and South America."
Correct, it does not.
ITT: Absolute brain-dead, Command and Conquer-level takes on geopolitics.
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/London_Knights_(UK)
It’s because these people have no concept of the outside world. It would not be a joke to say most of the people memeing it up on twitter could not find Iran on a map. People legitimately think there’s going to be a draft.
NATO was 2001. 2003 was the “Coalition of the Willing” which absolutely did not include the majority of NATO countries.
Isn't that when he is talking about the little girl from the opening of LW?
Anyone with a banner like that needs to take a long, hard look in the mirror.
As a Ducks fan who routinely watched Button guarantee that -*insert western Canadian team here*- would beat Anaheim in the playoffs it is refreshing seeing him called out on his garbage.
Ok.
Nah we're okay.
Lmao
So it's a threat then?
That was a computer simulation run 18 years ago. The purpose of simulations is to learn lessons. It’s absolutely shocking that this keeps getting parroted around as proof the US would lose a war with Iran.
Gotta love Iraqi self-determination.
Actually had some brain-dead Trump guy say that Suleimani “designed the IED program that killed hundreds of millions.” Logic doesn’t matter. That’s why you have Pence out there spreading garbage about 9/11. Americans understand that phrases like “9/11” and “IEDs” are bad and connect them to dead Americans.
This is democracy, manifest.
Well that would be a catastrophic error in judgement.
The wording of the Canadian statement on Operation IMPACT seemed to emphasize that they still intend to continue the mission they just need to reassess and focus on force protection for the time being.
I don't get into these games hard enough to really comment on the lack of RPG elements or whatever (I assume that has to do with build/character options) but I just have the opposite opinion to you. I thought the story was lazy, the world was boring, and the gameplay was far too dated. I also could be just done with Bethesda-style RPGs. I was so fired up for the Outer Worlds and I couldn't even pass 15-20 hours.
Yeah he was always very friendly. I didn't hang out with him much or anything but whenever we'd chat at parties or between classes he always made you feel like his best bud. A bit quiet sometimes, but goalies gonna goalie I guess lol.
Now that I think about it I’d rather play a game like FO4 than the Outer Worlds simply because it’s a giant sandbox and it’s fun to just mess around and RP. Also, I say the world was boring but that could honestly be because I was so done with all of the busy work by the time I finished the fourth game. I HATED the settlements and crafting and just wanted to be done by the end. Aside from that, I had basically the same experience with 4 that i did with 3 (other than 3 having the shine of being my first Bethesda RPG). So I suppose I would say that Fallout 4 is a fine successor to Fallout 3, it just had a lot of design decisions that rubbed people the wrong way.
Imagine thinking you’re hot shit and have solid enough hockey opinions to write in a blog and THIS is the result.
Yeah I personally put blame on how the Romans handled Africa.
I was subbed to a “Libya Crisis” sub but it had like no activity.
Or at the very least wouldn’t have as much power as he does. Trudeau won our last election but did not win the popular vote and didn’t win a single seat in Alberta, a conservative stronghold. Therefore he currently leads a minority government which can fall if they don’t carry any vote deemed a vote of confidence. Trudeau basically relies upon the other leftist parties to vote with him in order to maintain power. Trump does not have enough of a mandate to warrant this kind of absolute authority and it’s quite frightening for the prospects of future democracy in the US.
Probably a lot.
As long as the USN exists in its current disparity they will be a superpower. The disparity is ceasing with Chinese advances, but it’s still decades away from the US losing any military dominance. In terms of influence? I 100% agree. The old alliances are nearly dead.
Love this scene, gave me a lot of respect for Caesar. Then I realized it was a heavily romanticized version of Caesar and got conflicted. Good show.
Wait...are they saying it's not right for a climate crisis because it produces more heat? Not because it draws more energy...but because of the heat? Is this the peasant version of "If global warming is so bad why is it -20 in January???"
Literally no better than IS.
Pathetic. I can’t wait to see the official justification.
What about it?
Did it though?
63 Canadians as well, for good measure
Absolutely unacceptable and infuriating.
Shit name tbh
Fucking yikes.
We lost 63 people. Not sure about the rest of the country but I am quite furious right now that this dick-waving contest has resulted in this.
Lol go to bed, plug.
Welp, banned for life.
Never thought I'd see a knife-edge chop on here...but here we are! WOOOOOO!
Exactly. They were too focused on waving their dick around and shot a plane down because of it. Edit: Trump boy thought I was going after his guy I guess.
It was never the point of the book. It's called The Hobbit.
You need to learn the difference between "Strategy" and "Tactics." Also a little common sense to break up the pretension before googling wouldn't hurt. EDIT: You just need to work on your googling in general, lol.
When did I imply either?
PS5 will probably have far better visuals than my machine, but it can’t play Total War so it can fuck right off.
&gt;XSX Gonna just start calling it the Xbox Tricky.
I see how the dick-waving comment could create confusion, but I meant to connect Iran pumping its chest with the gross incompetence displayed by its military and aviation authorities. Whether or not the plane was shot down (which it is looking like it clearly was) isn’t really relevant. The plane should have never been allowed to take off. The tensions surrounding the assassination of Suleimani shouldn’t really have an impact on who is to blame here, either. If Iran is going to activate its military in a real-world scenario then it should be aware of absolutely everything going on in the battle space. This was just a case of gross negligence.
Whoa Steve Paikin! Hell of a newsman.
Yeah I played all of those single player action games, and now my PS4 collects dust. Also I only mentioned Xbox to further illustrate how irrelevant consoles are, but don’t let that stop you from making it a console war thing lol.
I don't give a shit about the US though.
Wtf are you talking about?
Graphics options. I don't understand how this is a problem.
I took issue with you being fallacious and then claiming I was triggered lol. The US being an aggressive imperial power does not make Iran’s political system any less authoritarian or evil. I 100% agree with pretty much everything you say about the US, but I also think Iran is an oppressive theocracy. I don’t know why you keep talking to me as if I’m an American with an agenda. Are you capable of any other kind of discussion, or do you just automatically start raging against the US whenever anyone discusses anything? The US government is evil, as is the Iranian government. One does not cancel out the other.
You’re aware of what Mosul was like in 2017, yes?
The key is to stick to sativa while gaming, or at least a hybrid.
Is Khabibulin a common Russian surname or is Therapist the mother/wife of famous Russian goalie Nikolai Khabibulin?
I believe they have a discussion where Cobb insists that he has to go down into Limbo to save Saito. I am confused as well though because that takes place in Maul's hotel if I'm not mistaken.
In addition to the above there are further allegations that players used electronic devices taped to their bodies to signal incoming pitches. It’s getting quite spicy.
Literally just run around out of range until he does his big overhead.
This IS a reddit post.
I just unsubbed from the Sekiro reddit because I have hit the breaking point for the “wish me luck boys!” boss screen shots or “I finally did it!” posts, and they didn’t even have to ban memes.
I disagree even more now that you specified that.
There is one mention in that entire article about mobile phones and it simply talks about how they put adolescents at a higher risk of acquiring debt. The source of that assertion is from 2008.
I’ve heard numerous anecdotes about US border guards asking Canadians stuff like “so how do you feel about our President?” and letting them in or searching their vehicle based on the answer. Also there’s that recent shit with Iranian Canadians being stopped at the border. It makes it really hard to do the whole “hate the government, not the people” thing when the people we encounter first are acting like this.
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Nor%27easter Edgy.
Monica and Ross’ dad on Friends had a good idea. Buried at sea. You make a day of it, pack a lunch...
They’re actually the only major dev I can think of who seems to do actual beta tests. The Halo 5 beta was in January 2015 and it released in October.
Yeah they need to get him over the axel as well, right up against the window guys, come on!
That’s some good shit, thanks for sharing!
You’re fucked in the head, pal.
Just got out of probably my best run yet after playing for a week and stuck in a loading screen. Great.
Are we allowed to say how much this band fucking sucks yet or is that still a controversial thing to say around here?
“Hey look it’s Bono’s brother.”
I pulled off what was essentially my first ever successful PMC raid where I brought in a full kit and left with mad shit. Extract, loading screen, shits gone. I get that Tarkov taketh away but I didn’t think it’d be like this lol.
Im pretty new and I insured my bayonet. Every time I’m on the insure screen I’m reminded that I’m an idiot and have an insured knife lol.
“Let’s throw. Let’s throw!”
I’ve been playing for a couple weeks now and I’m still perplexed by the red card. I’ve never really gone in Labs but what the hell does it unlock that it’s worth 20 million??
After two PUBG and an Apex pass that I didn't even make it through 75% I think I've learned the I really hate battle passes.
Is this considered a lot?
Ah I see. Cheers.
Pretty terrible app tbh
Doesn’t count, armour has to be slightly damaged for the true walking tank.
I believe the risk is that you’re going against geared PMCs with a sawn off mosin and a scav vest.
There’s a reason very few games use PIP zoom.
One of my very first PMC runs on Woods I found a violet card. Had no idea what it was worth until I got out, didn’t even put it in my alpha lol.
People do that all the time.
It really seems like they're trying so hard to chase Fortnite and Apex that they forgot what makes PUBG good in the first place. I just crossed 1000 hours in this game but I cannot see any reason to play it any longer over something like Tarkov.
Hit em with the rat attack, baby!
I honestly thought the zoomed in pictures were quite impressive. With the crowd as dense as it is you'd have to be reaching pretty hard to convince yourself this isn't a big crowd.
Fuck it, I love that movie so much.
Is there any indication of this actually happening other than a photoshop’d image?
The height on that suplex, holy shit.
Our school buses do that in Canada and our pedestrian fatality figures are quite similar to the UK.
It’s even worse. It’s like one of those wrestling stories where the delusional heel makes a fake belt. I like Masividal a lot but put that thing on a mantle and be done with it.
Sounds more like a lack of fulfillment in anything other than Tarkov is the issue for this chap, I guess that’s still ego though.
I’m pretty new myself but I found it was best to get there as fast as you can off of a good spawn. If I spawned up by the north east tracks or across from smugglers boat I’d just book it straight there. If you get there early from one of these spawns the only other PMC is likely coming from the other one and will be in the other dorm. If the scavs aren’t there and you get there quick just get what you need and get out. Otherwise you’d want to get there as late as possible. I will say though regardless of when or how you arrive be ready to kill as soon as you get inside.
I believe he had to get rid of that like immediately.
It is the exact reason why I don’t play PUBG anymore. The only reason I’ve played Karakin at all is because the EFT servers are fucked lately.
&gt;A game that has been doing so well for so long. It has constantly been bleeding players, a month where PUBG gains players is an exception to the rule. The average player count has decreased by 1.1 million people since January 2018, and that was a steady exodus, not a regression from hype.
I got called an exfil camper for killing a guy at main bridge on Customs yesterday and now this guy says you are a pussy if you kill someone who is looting? These toxic boys have brain damage.
Projecting.
Low self esteem and nothing but time.
I think you need to sit the next couple plays out there bud.
Yeah everyone knows the real big dick play is kicking a door to announce your presence and then having a mosin duel.
Yeah but this one is a normie meme and has no place in muh hidden gem Tarkov. Edit: I guess I needed to add the /s
Lol sure bud.
Yes
I always love rooting for Kazakhstan at international hockey events. They even beat Germany in the first leg of the world junior relegation game this year but sadly lost the second by a huge margin and couldn't hold the spot. Great to see them improving though!
I thought Patrick Stewart did a decent job but it was pretty awful tbh
With the amount of money they were making on Twitch there is no way that Ninja and Shroud didn't sign massive guaranteed contracts. Microsoft would have to make up for all of the streamers' lost revenue somehow, and it certainly wouldn't be from Mixer.
I definitely agree about the smaller streamers, it would be incredibly short-sighted. However I can absolutely see where the bigger guys are coming from with their thinking. It's true that it could be damaging to their long-term careers but who even knows how long streaming as it currently exists is going to last at the colossal levels of popularity it currently does. You simply can't turn down money like that, especially in a business like streaming/content creation.
Fuck off, make something new.
“Where did you go?” “I’m over here, prone.”
Blueline are so shit.
More of a source for my fandom than the movies I’d say.
That is such trash.
Cena did seem more willing to job at the end of his WWE run.
I don’t buy battle passes but the newest PUBG one has a really neat AK skin I believe. It’s basically just a new model and has tape/wrappings around the hand guard and extra sort of personal adjustments to it, just looks like it was well-used and modified. Skins like that could be neat in Tarkov.
Still painful. I bought a PS4 for that game and it honestly took me years to finish because of how terrible it runs. Probably doesn't help going back and forth from Sekiro and DS3 on PC to BB on PS4, but still.
You sort of see this happen when the Riders slaughter the Uruk-hai that captured Merry and Pippin.
What the fuck was the point of that?
I've lived in Southern Ontario for most of my life and the Anaheim Ducks are my favourite hockey team. I don't hate the Leafs or anything, but circumstances led to me being a Ducks fan. There are also a lot of older folks who are Red Sox/Yankees/etc. fans due to the Jays simply not being around when they were starting their fandom. Just be a good fan of the sport and you'll be grand!
I AM GOING TO HAVE A HEART ATTACK!
I think they’re claiming that they didn’t have his body because the helicopter and the seals were destroyed? I’ve never heard this one before I must admit.
They don't really touch on the lore of the simulacrums in the campaign, although I'm sure there's additional material that goes into it. Also, Blisk is South African, not Australian. :)
Given the success of Apex and Fallen Order I wouldn't be surprised if Titanfall 3 is back on the menu.
Yes. That and the animated series were on heavy rotation when I was a lad. Edit: although I actually grew up in Milton lol so even closer to the heart of Leafs nation.
Roughly the same as all of Canada lol.
At the end of the day it’s about class.
WCW had jumped the shark but pro wrestling basically died with that company. Once WWF’s boom was over in like 2002-2003 it was just a steady decline (in audience) into the present day.
This is another thing that makes me nostalgic for that era. What is the likelihood of Activision making an *original* 007 title in the current day?
Well I’d certainly hope so.
I cannot disagree more with the notion that the movies are better simply because they made up a big cgi battle that wasn’t in the book. I enjoy the first one and DoS has some good bits, but BotFA is a horrific mess, I’ve never wanted a movie to end more than that one. For fuck sakes they try to emulate the Ride of the Rohirrim with a fucking goat cavalry charge. That right there is a microcosm of the comparison between the two trilogies. An emotional high point of Return of the King featuring thousands of horses and extras, a fantastic marriage of practical effects and cgi vs a completely cgi sequence largely constructed to generate surprise and laughs. I do not like the Battle of the Five Armies.
“Fightporn”
“Anything to declare?” “Yeah, don’t go to England.”
Yeah I don’t see it happening. Warhammer 2 has a lot of buzz right now with the DLC and the Mandalore videos, so offering up a Saga title to Epic just seems like free money. WHIII would have a lot more to lose with abandoning steam.
It’s hard to believe that all of the Soleimani tension happened only a few months ago. Hope you stay well, my friend.
Happy trails, person I’ve never heard of!
Holy shit that movie. I'll never forget the interrogation scene lmao.
Dana comes off as such a bitch here lmao.
Ah yes, the noted equivalency of playing aggressive in Warzone vs playing fucking team death match. Definitely no differences between those two experiences.
Imagine shilling for Activision lmao.
Yikes.
You may be right, but a Cold War reference in a game about a fictional conflict between US and Russia could just be that, a Cold War reference.
Weirdest looking PS4 UI I’ve ever seen.
Neck tats can look cool but you better be certain that you’re going to be a successful hardcore/metal musician of some kind. Face tats are true desperation.
It’s a North American tradition for the trashiest/dumbest people to finance a ridiculously expensive truck. Don’t get me wrong, I love my truck, but it’s easy to love a used 2011 F150 that I paid 10k for. I’d be scared to load a even skid of sod into a truck that costs more than my living situation.
It could very well be the start of some teases, on it's own it just seems like normal dialogue though. Hope you're right!
The Trojan War isn't exactly historical so I don't get what people would be whining about. Yes, we are now more confident that it happened, but it's literally the mythology of the ancients. Crying over armour or era accuracy of the Trojan war is some basement nerd shit.
Was probably way too focused on the fire and didn’t notice the phone drift.
I simulated a season of The Show 20 and I honestly didn't think the old girl would make it.
I SIMULATED A SEASON OF THE SHOW 20 AND I HONESTLY DIDN'T THINK THE OLD GIRL (my launch ps4 bloodborne machine) WOULD MAKE IT.
Lol true.
Cry me a river.
As if you actually clicked submit on this comment.
The main difference being that the SS Colonel was trying to make an eloquent point about how hatred can defy logic, while the former Dallas Stars employee was quite simply talking about taking out all Chinese via individual murder. What a world we inhabit in this year of 2020.
I weep for your fractured society. Stay strong friend.
Probably not the best period to make light of? Different strokes I guess. Also the first part of the final solution consisted of einsatzgruppen on the eastern front literally following the advance of the German army and going village to village shooting Jews, Slavs, etc. one by one (or two if they could manage it). So this hypothetical Chinese final solution is eminently comparable to the final solution to the Jewish question.
Including about 14 000 people in their home arena whenever the Leafs are in town...
All I can think of when I see these Victory Day posts is the one r/wellthatsucks video of the tanks absolutely fucking up the road.
The virus wasn’t taken seriously in North America at all until an NBA player tested positive.
The decades-old erosion of the public education system is quite deliberate and effective.
In the worst case scenario, over the entire course of the pandemic. Edit: Also, that is a projection for a scenario in which absolutely zero measures were taken against the virus. Ie no lockdowns at all, no distancing, no masks, etc.
Unless they magically morph into tax paying Canadians they ain’t getting any of our shit for free I’ll tell you what.
I honestly thought that was the dumbest thing I’d ever seen, and then they began the descent to the super secret PLA ghost base. I did not like that game.
It is.
The PS4 crushed the Xb1 from day 1 but the exclusives didn’t really start to pile on until like 2015. Specs sell.
I would agree, but the specs were close last gen and clearly a significant amount of people went from their Xbox 360 to a PS4.
Sounds to me like he should have ran for president.
