Yeah, and I'm going to the gym every day.
He's clearly not a skin, and it's kind of weird to just assume he's a nazi.
I never played any of the Resident Evil franchise. Got RE7, got nice and baked, and promptly freaked the fuck out.
Also he only went by Palpatine (in Darth Plagueis), so I like to think he didn't like it either and went with the mononym.
Also come visit the wild west in New Mexico if you get the chance!
Yeah, my friend's brother broke his neck that way. The ocean can be fucking terrifying.
Holy spam, batman. Can you please take a break from posting your blog on here? I'm about to unsubscribe because of you.
It's a movie reference.
You might be subscribed to the wrong subreddit if those bother you so much.
Show me the praise, I don't see any.
Can we get a megathread for posts about this douchebag, so I can skip it more easily? I
None of it matters to Mueller though. Since I don't figure into it, I'll allow myself to be entertained.
I'll respectfully disagree. It's super easy took like a ridiculous hipster with a handlebar. From time to time I grow my "Commissioner Gordon" mustache. With either style, it all depends on the wearer.
You misunderstand. I'm not at all entertained by his presidency, I'm horrified. I'm entertained by Trump and Bannon tearing each other apart.
Manafort may feel embiggened by comments like that, but it'll do him no good in the end.
He doesn't, but he would fight tooth and nail for the "win".
I am also not a fan of fascists.
You got weed?
But there are are cat5 cables, and cat o' 9 tails, so we knew what they were getting at without making it clunky and too on the nose. In my opinion.
They didn't actually campaign on their platform though, so nobody really knew it.
Apparently a few of them.
WTF I hate awful recurring jokes now
Well, government benefits. It's a little harder for Trump to stiff people on the US payroll.
You know it.
Don't be so condescending.
Alex Jones is a self-proclaimed performance artist.
How is InfoWars whitelisted on this sub?
Seriously. Is there a chavs gonewild subreddit? I need that in my life.
Fiending?
OP plz
https://imgur.com/gallery/n8umjWj
That's perfectly fine, but don't discourage people from reading it for themselves if they do have the time and inclination.
That's the most British looking rabbit I've ever seen.
Ew.
I didn't say it was Grindr. I meant that with the bear comment, it seems more suited for Grindr than Tinder. Just a little joke.
Please stop bringing her up.
I'm still not clear on whether or not he thinks there was any collusion.
Anyone who says this kind of thing tips like shit in the first place, so no great loss.
Yeah, he can leave his post. As long as he's ambassador, he's accountable.
Something something leopards eating my face.
/r/beholdthemasterrace
Do you guys also think those "4 doors for more whores" stickers are high-larious?
Goddamn manhole covers whacked us, Johnny.
If you have Amazon prime, you get WaPo free for 6 months, and it's like $3.50/mo after that.
Fuck Susana Martinez. Luckily she's terming out soon. The state wants to legalize cannabis, but she knows what's best for us, so nothing progresses because we know she'll veto. She's also constantly trying to reduce the film incentives which her own studies have proven bring millions of of dollars in revenue to the state. Oh, and there was that time when she threatened a police dispatchers job, saying "do you know who I am?!" when they were responding to noise complaints where she was drunk at at a hotel room party that had guests throwing beer bottles off the balcony.
You could. We're the closest thing left to the old west.
I don't think "generate QB pressure" is some super secret reveal.
If your political opinion is "fuck brown people", then no, I don't have to respect it. And be honest, that's exactly where she stands.
So, whataboutism with no examples or proof? Cool.
Google "white power barbie" and tell me who pops up.
"Better than Trump" is setting the bar far too low for "great". No more celebrity presidents.
If his IQ is above 75 I'll eat a MAGA hat.
Or sponging.
To add, I'm in NM, which means that both Rockies and DBacks are blacked out. Get a VPN and set your location to Toronto and you're good to go.
But you immediately knew which haircut is being referenced.
Oh, I get it, you're one of those.
And Brick, and Looper...
Frist of all...
Rape is hilarious as long as it's about men.
I know, right? Leaving a football game because a couple of people kneeled is kind of sad.
It's not uncommon.
When has she claimed to be a victim?
Don't bother showing the car, I guess.
You should do an AMA.
/r/iamverybadass
Holy shit you're ignorant.
Reported as spam.
Reported as spam.
Reported as spam.
I promise you that your camera app will let you rotate and mirror that photo so we can actually see what it is.
Look...
That's a perfectly fine, full beard. I'm sorry it doesn't fit your narrative.
I also hate that it uses both capital and lower case letters that are all the same height.
I can't wait.
Nunes is the only thing stopping the memo that he wrote from being released.
The link is to audio.
"Our" noses? Aren't you Chinese? Stop speaking farts.
Are we having fun yet?
&gt;Trump can't obstruct justice because it hasnt been proven that he did anything wrong. 100% not true.
Wouldn't San Diego Sandys work way better?
"I might lie to you."
No.
All I see is a butthole.
Hillary Clinton, obviously. /s
You didn't read the article?
http://i67.tinypic.com/2s9wtud.png
So far, LotS and Dark Disciple have probably been my favorites of the new canon novels.
And as soon as it happened, she went to the authorities, but the case broke down. She didn't "just decide that it happened".
How much did you pay for this account? It's 5 years old, only posted in video game subs, then just recently became active and started spewing nonsense.
Link?
Not Sy Snootles?
No way. Everybody that was born on a particular day has the exact same personality. It's science.
Misspelled too, yikes.
"Fewer" - - Stannis Baratheon
I fucking love Stitches.
You never did, honey.
The Republican controlled senate voted for sanctions 98-2. Failure to execute duties is an impeachable offense.
And Urias. Damn, I'm excited.
You must not know corgis. White dog has no idea what he's in for.
Hot Fuzz is a perfect film. I might watch it today.
I love it, but I think Hot Fuzz is better.
Of course I don't. My point is that your original comment is irrelevant, since that's not what happened.
Reported for spam.
And you can count individual zombies, so it would be "fewer". If we were talking about salt, which it's nearly impossible to count individual grains, it would be "less".
AROOOOOO, MF'R!!!
Now I have a machine gun.
How old are you? You may someday get to that "don't give a fuck/cool as hell" stage.
The dossier had nothing to do with FISA warrants.
He didn't apologize.
Isn't that what you're claiming, or at least insinuating, in your original comment?
That's fucking sexy.
Disagree on the pinstripes, but these unis with that script would be my favorite of all time.
Maybe to team up with AG Schneidermann in NY and go at him from the state level?
Guess whatever you want, redditor-for-4-hours, it doesn't make it logical or reasonable.
You made a new account just to make that comment?
I just took a quick glance at your history. I'm not being facetious when I ask, are you on medication? I'm certainly no expert, but your comments read like a schizophrenic, and I'm just hoping you're addressing that.
Zero chance. That would shit all over he and Leia's relationship.
No way.
I think Denver.
Disney doesn't make those calls, Lucasfilm and the story group does, Disney leaves them alone.
He looks like a Jackson to me.
Swalwell is currently one of my favorites to run for higher office down the line. He talks purty.
$3.50/mo after that. Money well spent.
It's the ones who don't remember how perennially godawful the pats were for so long that are the worst.
Almost every note I've ever left on a Venmo payment has been about handjobs.
Did you purchase said office supplies at a jewelry store?
I'm not the only one that totally wants to bang her, right? She has to be into some freaky shit.
You can't have him back, but you can watch Padre games whenever you want! Yeah, I know...
I removed the second line, that was uncalled for. I just hate the downplaying of shit like this, making it sound like since there are probably other shitty people in politics, that this asshole somehow got a raw deal. He's getting what he deserves.
You can do whatever you want, I'm just not going to take you seriously. Have a good rest of your day.
Ya'll trying to make me cry at brunch? Jesus.
Right? Was Super Mario World the first?
It's cool to just like dudes. You don't have to pretend you thought it was a chick from the back.
It's a really cool town, but we do have a crime problem that we're working on. We've had a hard time recruiting good police. Just got a new mayor, so hopefully moving in the right direction.
What one? What desert?
Me too, voted for her yesterday!
Yet here you are, commenting.
We have text messages now.
There it is.
I just discovered season 1, I'm still flying high.
Sure thing, fellow major league baseball fan.
Real question: what's your first language? Your English is pretty good, but there are quite a few things that give away that you're not a native speaker.
Settle down, Bodhi.
I feel like there's some pent up stuff from the last few days that needs to come out.
I'm just so happy for Green.
Checking out books from the bookstore? Mmhmm.
Simple as that. Pack it up, folks, just get one of those free places to live if you're poor!
The two aren't mutually exclusive.
Don't worry, you're not crazy. I just did some sleuthing, and in last night's post game thread someone said it just came from him and a couple guys being dumb in the Padres discord. PADARS GOOP!!!
But will they?
I'm already high and it was stressing me out to read that.
Ha, no, I was referring to reading that parent comment. 😂
They certainly did their share of romanticizing rape on Appetite, though.
https://i.imgur.com/c5Y7uUA.gif
If being 4 years older than Trump is a disqualifier, that means Trump won't be running ~~foe~~ for a second term, correct?
That's my local team! If you're ever in town, come to a game. Isotopes Park is one of of the best minor league parks in the country.
I immediately gained so much respect for that dude.
I bet you thought that comment was going to kill.
What am I, Encyclopedia Brown?
I hear you. I was born and raised in Dallas and a Cowboy fan til my late teens/early 20's when I gave up on football for a while. When I got back into the NFL, it was as a Charger fan. Powder blue and gold for over 20 years til Spanos fucked us all. At least I had a home to go back to, I feel even worse for all you born and bred brochachos.
&gt;Manafort will be the little spoon of some big guy named Bubba... Maybe it shouldn't bug me so much, but why do we have to go directly to the prison rape jokes?
Why can't everyone use fingernail scissors like an adult?
Honestly, a puppy mill is the #1 place a dog should be rescued FROM, I'm not that mad.
U mad.
Oh snap...
Flair up if you're going to talk shit.
Pizza pizza, in my tummy, me so hungiee, me so hungiee.
I want to hear more about the corgis.
If you find the mug, let me know. I only found t-shirts. https://teespring.com/shop/new-werewolf-therapy_copy_1?utm_source=google&amp;utm_medium=cpc&amp;utm_campaign=google_shopping&amp;aid=ts-boosted-pla&amp;gclid=Cj0KCQjw6pLZBRCxARIsALaaY9akmwF9RmfyDF0lLbJetBJHxkhefKiFrrCoBnUeBuyM75bg0nKVlecaAo0QEALw_wcB#pid=2&amp;cid=576&amp;sid=front
With bourbon? Shit yeah!
LE epic trolle, ecksdee!
How will a stone house do in an earthquake?
Fuck Roger Stone, but aren't we better than wishing rape on people?
I'm guessing you weren't born in 1988.
I didn't see any condescension.
And we all know how much conservative white people hate gu-wait a second...
If I walked out to my car, and it had wheel chucks under it that I didn't put there, I'd sure as fuck want to know why.
What was the part where Sessions looked good?
I think I read that dogs couldn't really see crt TVs, but now that everything is LED, they totally can watch.
But muh talking point!
If it's blatant, I'm sure you can provide sources and citations?
There were people in this sub saying that we should be buying at the deadline and making a push instead of selling.
Mark Langston seconds the do over.
Why's that?
People might be more likely to recognize Stephen Merchant from Logan, Hot Fuzz, and the voice of Wheatley in Portal 2.
This is his character in Logan, if anyone isn't sure.
What a sad post history. Jokes on you, I unironically really like that song.
It's their LinkedIn info, so it's absolutely public, and info that they've put out there themselves.
Does that make SHS Sy Snootles?
I shave my head, and for what it's worth, it's mostly prone to sunburn right after you do it the first time. After you get accustomed to it, it's great. Would not want to go back to having hair.
COBRA KAI NEVER DIES!!!
Guess they didn't teach him how to use a period.
Tuppence a bag.
I don't get it, it's just an old guy dancing. Where's the trash?
Nope. &gt;I too stand on the side of Black lives matters. Keep white knighting fellow redditor! &gt;I shall have some KFC and watermelon in your honor!
Not just all the letters, but all of those WORDS are on the original sign.
I'm new to the sub, coming back to the NBA after an extended hiatus, and I'm a little concerned. This is the level of shitposting I see in the NFL and MLB subs during peak offseason when people are losing their minds. Where does it go from here?
~~Wesley Snipes~~ Dennis Smith Jr.
&gt;Obviously I gotta check for sarcasm now. Or just, you know, read the post if you're going to comment on it. It's the offseason, if you can't take the shitposting, you might want to unsubscribe until the season starts again.
Low effort
[Wow. ](https://i.imgur.com/b0pRDtG.gif)
&gt;I was doing the same thing as everyone else. &gt;the masses are just sheep
I hope you're 100% Native American.
https://www.pinknews.co.uk/2018/06/28/i-hope-journalists-are-murdered-says-milo-yiannopoulos/
Even with the tag, this is not the time or place for comments like this.
I'm sure you have plenty of sources on that.
Worth it for Cobra Kai.
Well, two.
Dude, you post in /r/falloutlore. I'm not sure you should be throwing stones about "free time".
You're not very good at this.
He's too stupid to know that his dad wasn't supposed to win.
Can you link a few of these common hoaxes?
That tattoo. /r/justbootthings
SAY WHAT AGAIN!!!
Tbf it's pretty funny to troll children though.
SHS isn't a socialist.
Yes you do. First you just called her "the bitch". Then you edited it to read "the horse faced Marxist". Then when I called you out, you edited it again to read "horse faced Marxist bitch". You know reddit shows that you've edited your comment, right?
I feel like what his mouth is doing is more of a macroexpression. He looks like he's an 8 ball deep right there.
👐👐
https://g.redditmedia.com/hOMbh_BDKNuI6mK1SmWTwQxj0PwMWhQ0Mxp2HCz2blQ.gif?fm=mp4&amp;mp4-fragmented=false&amp;s=148a01f534ee793a1fe171ecf6a0da39
So, no.
There's nothing great about Swordfish.
Most of the fans here are Cowboy fans though?
Imagine believing this.
Or Devin Nunes?
As long as you're comfortable with how things are going, so am I.
You know the SCO doesn't just tweet out evidence as they collect it just so you know they're making progress, right?
The round dish got knocked off during the DSII run in ROTJ, when we see it again in TFA it has the rectangular dish.
Last night I had some black pepper crusted salami and bacon gouda, and left it out. I'm lying in bed on reddit 15 feet away. Guess I'm getting up now.
He's a good player, Bront.
Have you seen the bullshit makeup calls? Guess not.
😁
It is known.
Swept your asses.
Fuck you too bby.
[https://i.imgur.com/lQVbk7N.png](https://i.imgur.com/lQVbk7N.png)
Did the eagles still score on this drive?
You should see a doctor, all that sodium isn't good for you.
&gt;he wasn't a fan during the Superbowl runs. Again, fucking WRONG.
You need to up your standards, bro.
&gt; If I tried to care about everyone in the world, I'd go crazy. I care about my friends, family, and the people I know. If I knew her, I'd be saddened. But I don't.
Also #54 &amp; #55.
https://g.redditmedia.com/hOMbh_BDKNuI6mK1SmWTwQxj0PwMWhQ0Mxp2HCz2blQ.gif?fm=mp4&amp;mp4-fragmented=false&amp;s=148a01f534ee793a1fe171ecf6a0da39
Mine's just called Dummy. I need to up my game.
Where I live it's not included in property taxes, it's an independent company that's contracted for trash pickup. I pay like $30 quarterly, it's not much.
&gt;Democrats control the Senate LOL, wrong. &gt;This is goddam stupid. At least now you're self-reflecting
100% justified.
Wow. Do all of your forks have wine bottle corks on the tines?
Nice username. "It's not fair that we always get called racist!"
This is normal /r/politics. Move on, find a new slant.
Tell yourself whatever you need to. I know it's been a rough morning.
It doesn't look like you've ever posted to /r/politics, so until you start contributing, please don't try to dictate how others contribute.
Shirtcockin' ftw.
He's a reality TV show president. He's lived in their world far longer than the political world; they know him as well, if not better, than anyone.
How long did that one take you?
Nailed it.
This aged well.
Un-fucking-believable.
Liquor store owners in PA?
Name?
It's about to be '98 all over again.
It's a common misunderstanding for people who have never worn a wetsuit. The neoprene doesn't keep you dry, it just keeps you warm. Like you mentioned, drysuits are a thing, just not very common.
Shame that we live in a world where this needs a "/s".
He'd have to pay for the flight out of pocket.
Username does NOT check out.
&gt;just need alone time *afterwards* to recharge. I'm not shy or socially anxious, but I am an introvert, and this is so true. Even after hanging out with friends and family that I love and have a great time with, I'm exhausted.
Cool.
Except that he has a history of racially motivated incidents, so his being white is an issue.
I can live Garrett as long as long we axe Linehan.
Womp womp.
You wouldn't by reading this sub, you'd have to actually watch him play.
&gt;I love these posts. they remind me that most women are fucking trash. He's an incel.
I really like that tie.
Congrats on getting clean, keep up the good work!
Guess we found Mike Pence's reddit account.
Likewise, such a great park. Just sucks to root for soon to be filthy Rockies.
Cellulite =/= overweight
Is that why Republicans are the ones trying to legislate bathroom usage?
The "great job" part really drives home the ignorant condescension. Proud of you, pal.
We haven't had the need to legislate either, that's worked this long. Just let people do their thing and it hasn't been an issue. WTF I love big government now
Killing babies is illegal everywhere.
They're not in the park. They're on public property outside the park.
Destroying their economy will definitely help cut down on illegal immigration.
Help a brother out?
Looks like the one in back shot his ass off.
Well as long as you *feel* like individuals *probably* didn't offset it, that's good enough for me.
You posted to /r/politics for the first time in 15 days for the sole purpose of defending a pedophile.
It'll be like a bukakke waterboarding.
Found the incel.
Congrats, you can use Google. Any chance you've read what you linked?
Holy shit, I thought you dropped an /s but you're 100% serious.
I know I've got one or two from quoting racist assholes on /r/politics, could be something like that.
I mean, he's only done it twice this season.
Cool that they can both play and we don't have to pick just one.
Aye
Same. Listening in the car on the way home from work and turned on the TV right before the first pitch of that AB.
NAYLOR THE BLESSED
-Dolly Parton - Whitney Houston - Michael Scott
Naylz is deceptively fast for a thicc boi.
Get a cat. I can just call for and point at the bug and she takes care of it.
Big Wheelz
Goddammit.
El Niño about to hit a 6 run bomb.
hOw DaRe YoU cAlL uS nAzIs
Just another day defending Nazis.
&gt;his/her What do you mean by this?
This is correct. We broke it earlier at 88.
Arena baseball
"That's baseball." -Bud Black
"I just seen" OK, Cletus.
Random connection: Bill and Ted co-star Alex Winter is in the video for Knock Me Down.
I mean, have you SEEN Michael B. Jordan?
Sox fans miss Donnie.
What if Mejia just starts raking? 😀
How can you not be romantic about baseball?
More old school cool than the endless string of "look at my mom in high school!"
Where did you play it?
The right has militias protecting derelict congressmen and threatening to shoot LEOs who might be sent to apprehend them. I don't give a fuck what they think of a little grafitti.
&gt; i can't recall Just stick with that.
Considered hiring a white supremacist, then hired four.
Hilarious and totally not played out meme, broseph.
Did one of these campers fuck your sister or something?
Sounds pretty badass.
Criticism of the right is not aloud.
You're super racist yourself, what's your point?
Are those the only two options?
It's every night, multiple times a night. This kid is so special.
Joey Fuego's walk-up song is Fire by Jimi Hendrix. Maybe that's common knowledge, I just noticed.
I'm a former dog guy who gave in last year. Just do it, you know you're going to get a kitten, so get a kitten.
[Original. ](https://i.imgur.com/ujSeiAp.jpg)
Hehe. Once.
You not understanding how all of this works doesn't change the fact that Trump has already been impeached.
As long as you do vote in the general for whoever wins the primary.
I tried finding a source for this quote in context, but all that popped up was a bunch of sites with urls like "100percentfedup.com" and "ar15.com". Also, whatabout????
Which branch do you serve in?
That type of condescending response only really works when the person you're responding to is acting unhinged. Here, it just makes you look like an asshole.
I think he just misspelled 'sweety', which is definitely something that a woman like that calls people all the time.
He's great as an owner, now that he's just signing the checks.
People have told stories about how he cheats all the time, so probably not very.
I didn't ask for anything.
&gt; classy Haaaaaaaaa
Glad I'm not the only one.
Because of feels?
Link to a comment doing that?
I got my degree in my early 30s.
McConnell literally said that he wouldn't be an impartial juror. That's a violation of his oath.
You're the one who brought it up. You don't know?
Yet here you are, spreading misinformation and republican talking points.
That'll sure show those of us who thought this tweet was going to happen.
I think it's more likely that you just want the Yankee implications to go away.
&gt;Bernie Sanders supporter who will probably vote for Trump This is the dumbest thing I've ever heard.
My kitty loves belly rubs &amp; scratches.
I don't know, but it doesn't make it less illegal to do so.
But not a Russia-backed Trump.
And the president is using his position to profit off of them.
Tell it to Jimmy Carter's peanut farm.
Oh Jesus Christ.
It's the best comic book movie ever made. Pretty much a perfect film.
But that hasn't happened in countries that already have a UBI.
Are we deciding the fate of the senate trial? No, we're the fucking peanut gallery, and if that difference isn't apparent to you, then you're not arguing in good faith.
You must hate Trump with a burning passion then.
That's funny. I wouldn't hate the idea of bringing back "best titles". You watch a movie like Se7en and can see how it would be deserved.
How on earth is Rogan racist?
Ah yes, such favorite idioms as "Poor kids are as smart as white kids."
This sub has over 22 million subscribers, and you expect them all to think and act the same way?
Objectively, he is.
You think he'll win in 2024 as well?
The other kids in homeroom must think you're such a badass.
I think he had 60 when his first tweet on the subject got posted yesterday.
What's your definition of "something happening? The president has been impeached, for starters.
Oh, fuck everything about that.
Former ERAC-er, can confirm.
Unpopular opinion: Bing is superior to Google for image and video searching (not just porn, but it certainly applies).
Good ole Joe Borton
What the FUCK are you on about?
Since you're stalking him, why not send him a dick pic?
If you're a fascist it might be hard to blame them.
&gt;you're a moron if you think people buy these upgrades to intentionally smoke out protestors. No, they buy them to smoke out Prius drivers, or anyone they think is a liberal that needs owning. And if you don't think that's true, I don't know what else to say.
Just what we need....
He tear-gassed peaceful protestors to pose for a photo holding a Bible. It's relevant.
Once a boot, always a boot.
Isn't, like, *everyone* unemployed right now?
Fuck yeah Iowa, great job!
It was on Facebook, it must be true.
Yeah, he should know better than to fuck with a hungry kitten.
It must suck feeling like a victim all the time.
MEDICAL HELICOPTER. That's a violation of the Geneva Conventions.
Deleted my Facebook this morning. Felt good.
Tell that to his linemen.
I was at a party with the most chill Navajo dude ever. Someone called him a skinwalker as a joke, and it took 3 of us to pull him off the guy. Edit: to build on what the others said, it's like a skinchanging demon. So you're accusing them of pretending to be someone they're not, and a demonic boogeyman at the same time. They take that shit seriously, it's not a term you want to throw around lightly.
So report it.
You're right. It looked like it might be the case initially, but I have to give him props for the way he's handling China and Hong Kong.
I think I first came across it the other day on /r/politics, and did a little googling. Once you know about it, you see it quite a bit.
I'm having a hard time keeping track of where the goalposts currently are.
Be best.
What should the ACLU do to help?
To be pedantic, it means the restaurant is out of the item. So they'll yell "86 the stroganoff!!" and write it on a whiteboard so the servers know not to let people order it.
They'll just garnish your wages.
This is the step #1 of Impeachment: The College Years.
Buncha pussies if they were scared of a 75 year old who can barely walk.
I was wondering if I was overreacting by thinking the title is ultra trashy and tone deaf.
It sounds like his crisis is the he knows that if he gets called in, he WILL be one of those jack-booted thugs. What's he doing to stand up against all of it? Or if he gets called in, is he just sad that he'll cave and become what's killing America?
Hilarious. George Floyd would love this joke.
Those protestors were doing nothing of the sort. Stay on the subject.
You sound terrified.
Remember, it's ONLY because there's video of it.
[Educate yourself ](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Arthur_Ashe?wprov=sfla1)
Delete Facebook.
So you're just here to shit on what other people like? That's the kind of thing edgy 14 year olds do.
It's all that's needed.
What are you waiting for?
I thought you guys hated "cancel culture".
If you don't think the death penalty and its problems are a political topic, then I don't know what to tell you.
[https://i.imgur.com/hIoGglR.jpg](https://i.imgur.com/hIoGglR.jpg)
[https://i.imgur.com/trBtP85.jpg](https://i.imgur.com/trBtP85.jpg)
If I say "I slapped someone who grabbed me", I figure you'd assume that the other person grabbed me first.
Tucker has fear of a black hat.
What exactly did I say about Trump's tweeting?
I'm here because of the news, never watched NASCAR. I'll be watching today's race and drinking beer like a true American, this a great day.
Good for him. We should always be trying to identify our flaws and better ourselves.
It was cool, interesting to see and hear all the other stuff that goes on besides just driving. Something I could definitely have on for a lazy Sunday. I definitely want to go to a race live sometime.
Come on, keep trying, you're so close to spelling it correctly.
Use of water cannon in riot control contexts can lead to injury or death, with fatalities recorded in Indonesia (in 1996, when the cannon's payload contained ammonia), Zimbabwe (in 2007, when the use of cannons on a peaceful crowd caused panic), Turkey (in 2013, when the payload was laced with "liquid teargas"), Ukraine (in 2014, with the death of activist and businessman Bogdan Kalynyak, reportedly catching pneumonia after being sprayed by a water cannon in freezing temperatures) and South Korea (in 2016, when a 68 year old farmer died after injuries sustained by a water cannon the previous year). Water cannons in use during the 1960s, which were generally adapted fire trucks, would knock protesters down and on occasion, tear their clothes. On 30 September 2010, during a protest demonstration against the Stuttgart 21 project in Germany, a demonstrator was hit in the face by a water cannon. Dietrich Wagner, a retired engineer, suffered damage to his eyelids and retinas, resulting in near-complete loss of his eyesight. Graphic imagery was recorded of the event, sparking a national debate about police brutality and proportionality in the use of state force.
505 here, this was a surprise to me as well. A welcome one, to be sure, I think she's been great.
No, that was 100% the question I responded to.
His family tree is a wreath.
/r/fisharentreal
Delete Facebook.
You know it's subjective, right? She does nothing for me. Glad you think she's hot though. She'll probably be single this time next year.
He was famous far longer than Mooch.
Are you aware of the penal codes in this state?
I just ordered a mini-bugout in white, very excited.
Well luckily I wear a 10 so prices are generall - ahem.
Didn't Trump just deem "antifa" a terrorist organization?
Opposite for me, but yeah. What's the problem?
For me the series ended in Game 2 with Langston's 2-2 pitch down the middle to Tino Martinez for Ball 3.
When I first started making decent money, that's what struck me. How LITTLE it takes weekly to lift you from near poverty to living comfortably. A couple hundred dollars a week would change most people's lives dramatically.
I'm saving this photo as a response.
You again, with this?
Thats just what drones repeat.
Look how excited he is to see you. Look!
Check your autocorrect 😉
*an idiot
That's a sacrifice I'm willing to make.
Fuck it, I chuckled.
Source?
&gt;Seems very click baity to just write things like "cops shoot innocent protester" *checks post title* What the fuck are you on about?
Or animated frogs.
You might, but I don't. I don't know who "we" is.
Your mama told you all that I could give you was a reputation.
I don't know what you're taking about, but the title of the post is "They are now looking at who is looking. "
Sounds like you should be posting this comment in that thread then, as it has no relevance here.
I think that Burger King should serve breakfast after 11am.
A real man's man.
STOLEN VALOR
So far I really dig it. Easy to use, looks good, feels like you have a slightly smaller than average deck of cards in your pocket.
Better than piece-of-shit signaling.
Probably because her hair is harder for a newbie to work with than if she had straight, fine hair. Edit: why did you feel the need to post this question?
This new trend of laugh tracks in these videos is just the worst.
It's not an outbreak. It's been like this forever, we're just now starting to document it.
Culture war buzzword bingo.
The writing on TCW is way better than season 4 of Trump.
Every one of these articles drives him closer to the edge. Keep 'em coming.
So they were turning away folks that didn't have tickets? I hadn't heard that.
You're talking about his speech?
https://twitter.com/Pink/status/1274495280348639233?s=19
Nobody's offended or upset, we're just laughing at bunker boi and his last few cult members.
Tears for Fears is super underrated.
Maybe a rewrite for a sight gag.
/r/atbge
Oooh, I like that edit, keep 'em coming.
Over 180,000 Tulsa residents voted for Trump in 2016. Less than 6,200 turned out for his grand return to the stage.
What does this comment even mean?
https://twitter.com/KristerJohnson/status/1274772592746848256?s=19
https://twitter.com/KristerJohnson/status/1274772592746848256?s=19
That's how you know how bad it is.
[Everybody hurts](https://twitter.com/KristerJohnson/status/1274772592746848256?s=19)
Never gets old.
Is this pasta?
Still waiting for that trickle-down.
That's not America.
And when will that be? We don't know? Sounds indefinite to me.
You know who he's running against right? Who exactly on the right has the *moral authority* to criticize him for HYPOCRISY?
Healthcare =/= Medicare
No, but he wants to stay out of prison. That's why he's so miserable all the time.
The narrative is that Barr obstructs justice, he's way behind.
Imagine announcing to the world that you don't understand how polling works.
If you're a piece of trash. Edit: The hit dog hollers
You don't need a license in New Mexico, this is not limited to AZ.
THANK YOU
Legal to grow in NM, BTW.
Looks like we got ourselves a reader.
I respectfully disagree, insomuch as it was an unfunny, unoriginal piece of trash.
Unsubscribed.
Every day we stray further from god. /r/tihi
&gt;I also don’t want to be a minority with a vindictive majority that hates me You're *SO* close to getting it. /r/selfawarewolves
I'm just downvoting because it's what you seem to want.
Yep, he sure can.
Good thing too, this was the first time I saw it.
Gibberish.
