I'm glad to see this is a top comment. Regardless of what people think about Trump Pakistan has been getting away with egregious behavior for a long time. Trying to pretend this isn't the case has only emboldened them.
The Ultimate Warrior was a good guy, who was filled with compassion for all, and that is why there is an award in his name.
Classic example of "tricking people by using smaller numbers" false fact. Brilliant.
The ropes are different now, but when was the last time we have seen a rope tie up in the WWE? I can't even recall.
He's not wrong. Hell, had UCF had a great season the year before, they'd have probably been on the cusp. The committee has some work to do or some rules to revise because this team deserved to be in the conversation even if ultimately rejected.
They didn't have to be a 4 seed, but maybe at 5 or 6. Where did you have them? Because in my mind an undefeated team with 2 top 25 wins (although against the same team) is worthy of moving up to the top, especially in a year where there were so few dominant teams.
Russia also secretly backed those movements. But reddit don't care about that brand of Russian interference because it generally likes Occupy and Ferguson.
I don't think Rosen goes to the Browns. There was a story a while back discussing different programs evaluating potential QBs and one team was putting Rosen on blast for rather silly reasons. It later came out that it was the Browns. I wouldn't be surprised if they went after Darnold instead.
They have extra picks thanks to the Texans. They draft twice in the top 5.
If I had to guess, the marijuana.
How can you depict her with Violet Parr like that? She's just a child!
They are enumerated in the order they were passed. The first amendment wasn't the first one put forward to the states.
We took one of those pre-birth childcare classes and there was maybe a 15 minute segment on actually having the kid. The instructor was very clear on the point that it will happen, the docs and nurses see it everyday, and to not worry about it. I thought it was an odd thing to "not worry about" but then we got to actually having our first and the rough way they handled the situation downstairs, I understood that pooping yourself was probably one of the less degrading aspects.
Pete Rose, here is your chance! Run for president, pardon yourself and you'll be in the Baseball HoF.
You really need evidence for this? I invite you to spend a week at an elementary playground. I've done it because I'm a parent of two girls. Boys and girls play differently. They socialize differently. This is a readily observable fact. I have serious misgivings about trusting the opinions of those who say otherwise.
People suck and they like to cover it up by claiming other things suck. Torchy's is fine and can be a fun meal if you don't mind the lines. Given how I am generally disappointed by Houston taco shops, I find the anti-Torcy snobbery especially lame.
574
Incitement is virtually dead letter law though.
Bombed in China despite casting an Asian woman and giving her a massive (and terrible) subplot as a sop to China. Disney loves pandering to that market.
Technically, this means that EC3 won the biggest prize of them all.
Don't know the cause of the stroke, but people, please see your doctors for checkups. High blood pressure can contribute to this and is easily treated with meds. A lot of people are at risk and simply never know.
BBQ.Warrior.
With his kind of money, he could have had his own jet. Which makes flying first class feel like flying Spirit Airlines.
So what do you do about Fox News? The New York Times? The press is corporate political spending. How does it make sense to say "yes, we can allow a biased political press to exist, but a small 501 can't buy an ad in the same space"?
Then you aren't getting money out of politics, you are simply giving increased power to the ultra wealthy who can afford the stations and the printing press.
Shame he didn't work his way up the ranks so we can know for sure. He needed to have a win or two against people to give him credibility.
EQ used to have different languages and you would have to skill up to learn them. People would go to neutral faction zones and spam text to level up. It was a cool idea, bit I get why they didn't want it in a 2 faction game.
It wasn't a coup it was purge
This might explain why Bing rewards has removed the 12 month pass option.
The series does seem to lose the point of the original. Hopefully the coverage at least gets people to see one of the best black comedies of that era.
His investigation will conclude after the midterm elections.
A tragic and painful thing to watch. My father got called on by neighbors to render aide to a fallen family member and he was stuck doing CPR while waiting for emergency help to arrive. It's an exhausting task and you are basically stuck doing it until someone is there to relieve you despite impossible odds.
Yup. Even then, our birthing class was saying, there are two kinds of water breaks based on the content of the release. One involves you packing bags, feeding the pets and putting them outside and calling relatives as you leave. The other involves you running to the car and calling the hospital to let them know you are coming. The second is fairly rare.
Funny how fast stories like this get so far when so much of reddit is furiously anti-Citizens United.
"You kids like free coupons to blockbuster? Take as many as you want but don't say where you got them from."
The common law definition of burglary is the night time breaking into the dwelling place of another with the intent to commit a crime therein (or words to similar effect I'm working from bar prep memory 10 years ago.) Modern law has gotten rid of the night requirement in moat jurisdictions. But the car, if in the driveway is still not in the dwelling place. If it was in an attached garage it would be a different outcome.
Me on Bioware "I won't trust you until the game comes out, because you promise big and deliver little of late." It has been years since they delivered a good game and the trend points in the wrong direction. They don't get my goodwill for free. They have to earn my trust.
&gt; Nakamura starting his main roster run with a Ziggler Feud This is a rocket straight to the middle. If someone gets booked into a feud with Ziggler, I lose interest because it is obvious that they don't care and they have no intention of doing anything with them. It is the ultimate example of just parking somebody in place to have them somewhere.
lol, i'm so random. Memes!
He then did the "well, you sucked at basketball too, pwned!" bit. It did not go over well. Sometimes you just have to take the L and skip the next few hours of Twitter. Personally, I'm glad he had to stew in his own humiliation.
Valve isn't even a publicly traded company, so you can't exactly perform a hostile takeover.
10 years from now, that is a mess. But right now, that is a yes.
Let every neckbeard on the planet have hope. Even this asshole was able to land a hot celebrity girl.
&gt; Then why is ot OK for Braun, one of the strongest human beings on the planet, He only makes that list because the "world's strongest man retired" rube. &gt;to knee Lesnar in the head at full force if hes so extensively trained? You mean that guy who is universally known as undertrained but praised for working up from that? &gt;That knee would have knocked anyone else on the roster unconcious. Citation needed. Believe it or not, there is no "don't get knocked out by a hit" training. &gt;It a miracle for WWE that the guy who took the blow was a for MMA fighter. So what do you say about the guy who took two stiff shots from an MMA fighter? &gt;Lesnar is known as one of the safest workers in the business. Go on... &gt;Despite a few occasions where he's crossed the line Oh (order of this quote switched to illustrate how stupid it is) &gt;The fact that everybody is giving Braun a pass on this one just because it was an accident and making Lesnar the villain makes no sense to me. Yes, the difference between an accident and intentional act is lost on you. Braun fucked up. Lesnar chose to fuck up. There is a difference. &gt;It's the second time he's been in the match with Lesnar and done something that crossed the line to make Brock hit him for real. "Why do you keep making me hurt you" is not a quote you want to attribute to Brock, but comes up all the time in Domestic Violence cases.
2 billion dollars in earned media before the primary was over. But yea the press ignored him.
As someone who worked as an independent contractor, those factors are not as dispositive as you would expect.
Look at the way that video shook during the announcement. Kevin Dunn is tracking the phone owner down to shoot the next Raw as we speak.
Seriously, toss in the prevalence of streaming boxes and the numbers get much higher. And those people using exodus, etc take absolutely zero precautions. Nothing comes of it.
True. The funny thing is that the film industry is incredibly silent about the whole matter. Pirating is a bit more work than folks on either side of the aisle want to admit. These streamboxes are pretty much turnkey operations, even some of my least tech savvy friends have them. The film industry does not want their existence known because of this.
Just a thought (since there is a WWE social media account on reddit) the WWE needs to pin a tweet with the next PPV card with its date at the top of the WWE Twitter page. I have been out of the loop for a few weeks. Watched that video and should have been able to see when Money in the Bank is by simply clicking through to the main account.
I don't want to run afoul of any rules. But check out /r/kodi and generally research kodi as a media streaming platform. It is well known for its many forms of streaming, including legal ones.
They should have at least put her picture to the right of Post Malone.
I do. It gives me a chance to explore game I wouldn't otherwise try. It's cheap (lots of 1 dollar trials) or even free (Bing Rewards) and gives you access to first party titles. I am more than getting my money's worth out of it.
He would have needed to raise the claim during the suit. I don't know the state in question, but generally, you fire a counterclaim during the case, but there are other remedies. In some states for example, you can make an "offer to compromise" (ie a settlement offer) and if the party who receives the offer doesn't do better (by a certain amount), then they are on the hook for costs and atty fees.
and not counting Electra among Bullseye's notable kills?
He's petty. He just knows how badly it would reflect on him.
Pippen was a top 50 player by virtue of being Jordan's second. On virtually any other team he would have been lost by history by now
Compensatory knee stress. When one leg is injured, the other leg works harder to compensate for the injury. Sometimes to the extent where it actually becomes injured itself. I had a similar situation where I suffered a back injury and it was diagnosed by the doctor, not by virtue of where I was hurt, but by looking at my back muscles on my non-injured side, which were going haywire. So her injury looks legit.
I'd be more interested in an article about how people are vulnerable to charlatans not named Trump. This is just an appeal to the chorus. I could name any number of people who were popular for similar reasons, even if you think they had more substance behind them.
&gt;Considering how much effort Microsoft has put into backward compatibility, I would expect the Scarlett devices to support current gen games Microsoft has outright stated that backwards compatibility is planned for future generations. So "expectat" simply means, "I didn't do basic research"
She never looks at another girl in the video. This isn't "One girl with smaller tits"
&gt; First with NJPW their promos consistent of post match interviews in the ring and then backstage press conferences before and after the shows This is a big aspect of why the WWE is lagging. They want to be "sports entertainment" without mimicking "sports". The shows should implement a hybrid of UFC PPV (pre match hype up, post match break down with an in ring interview) and ESPN (sports center elements, interviews, top 5 moments (and not top 5 blunders), etc. It's clear the WWE has a very tough time filling a 3 hour RAW, but it would be easier if they fixed some of their format flaws.
What an idiotic statement. I'm saying, "I don't have to settle on a bad game experience when there are good alternatives." You say "but you eata da poo poo" Grow the fuck up.
I loved the US hosting the Cup in the 90's. I'll be thrilled to see them host a joint event in 2026 and will do my best to travel among the three host states. This is a positive development given the nature of major international sporting events, which have tended to be financially wasteful and produced single use buildings that have fallen into disrepair.
How many time has the WWE done this and the fans got tired of waiting so creative moves on to someone else? I've lost count by now.
90 percent of the stories I see about people being locked out from their accounts are revealed to be cheaters or serial abusers within a few posts.
I stop on red
He didn't run in 88 because of his bimbo eruptions. This was a reputation that has dogged him his entire life.
Multiples like this, at her age, are likely the result of fertility treatment.
That would still be Jackson
Or single handedly reviving the klan while hosting Birth of a Nation at the white house
The prison exception makes sense, it's literal human bondage. But the sad reality is most internet people are too American centered, so they are very much ignorant of the slavery that came before America and the slavery that still exists since then.
watch how the response shifts when they find out about how many Mexican migrants to the US are part of the child bride population. The contempt for the common but broke southerner will suddenly switch to white man's burden.
Your defense will look great because we have no O-line.
I heard the segment was originally about Ryback.
Take the time to watch Beyond the Mat. It's a documentary that covers real wrestlers unders similar situations. I suspect the movie borrowed heavily from the documentary.
Revealing secrets that embarrass libs to own the insufficiently liberal.
It's reddit, don't expect people to know how any of this works. It's all posturing by people I wouldn't trust to serve on a jury let alone opine on the Supreme Court.
Lakers fans get unfairly maligned, but I've been proud of how this sub has stood tall even during its darkest days. I love basketball and I love my Laker bros.
Jesus, buy some lube. I'll start a gofundme before the smoke starts pouring out. Give people!
1. This isn't a terrible take. Wrestling stagnated horribly in multiple stretches because of limited move sets. There may be some people who can paint with 4 colors, but far more need to paint with 20. 2. Yeah, head shots are bad. Bleeding doesn't bother me much. I'll trade anything to not see a wrestler piss himself to gimmick a match though. 3. You can't be faulted for the "generation me" take. They were horribly presented in TNA whenever I saw them.
Justice delayed is justice denied.
Woodhouse day spas. Tell them Matt Thomas sent you.
Joe Mixon did worse also on tape. His punishment was a redshirt year and now he plays every sunday. The NFL's morals are short lived.
That was a really good segment. They managed to make everyone look good and not do it at the expense of bringing the other too far down. Even when they talk about past wins, it was still very well done.
Treason, the only crime actually outlined in the constitution, is "levying war against them, or in adhering to their enemies, giving them aid and comfort."
I know Tony on a personal and professional basis. I like him. I like his bombast. I like his grandiose behavior. I also like that he is one of the most brilliant litigators of our time. He's smart, he's cagey and he doesn't take on anything he would not do his level best to succeed with. It's true, he might not win. But if he did, I know from personal experience that he'd be the kind of leader for Houston that would do anything to make it succeed.
I work in legal circles. You confuse not well liked with not well respected. He runs circles around the defense bar all day so they aren't fans. They won't say a single nice thing about him, but I know what they say during breaks during depositions and it isn't that he isn't a good litigator.
I worked for him. I was an associate for 2 years. Who are your friends? Because I might know them.
Who likes clam chowder anyways? It's basically a savory latte with bugs in it. Mmmm hot ocean milk.
Again. Which people? I fucked up in a way that was completely on me. Also, if you haven't heard anyone say he is a great litigator that's on your lack of knowledge. I used to say that he took on an oversized docket and that if he were just challenged in court he'd be exhausted. He got an epic docket call. He won. Not just one. He fucking routed the place. But sure, he don't litigate good person who can't back your shit up.
Script by John McAffee
And not ESPN. Their recruiting material is bad and really focused on a few schools. They have highest degrees of variance between their player ranks and the other major services. Also, between rivals and 247, its definitely something you want to consider based on the school you are following. Some people are just better connected to a program than others.
My local store has a few. If I didn't have it digitally, it would be hard to say no. It's almost insulting it sits next to Battleborn.
Darth Revan
Oh, that sounds terrible. (drinks from a homemade pot from 2 days ago)
Not surprising to anyone really. In N Out has a culture of exceptional quality. Chick Fil A has a culture of excellent service. Neither skimp in either department.
This sort of thinking is dangerous, not funny, and it leads to shit that makes 3rd world countries perpetual abattoirs. But at the same time, they must know that because of the robust nature of capitalism and the stock market, they must know that there are so many shareholders that their idiotic dream has no support. There are union teachers in California who relied on corporate oil success. These idiots may have the support of the far left, but not the practical left.
and the left would do well to remember that Bill Clinton may have been harmed politically, but it far more damage to the GOP when they pushed for an impeachment.
It was goodish this year. Good among the pac-12. But his getting an extra year is a huge boost for an otherwise very young group.
Not mine, but my niece and her mom went for a pedicure. The woman doing the niece's foot noticed she had a bump on her leg. Mom immediately checked it and took her to a doctor. It was an osteosarcoma (bone cancer). They caught it super early and they had a very successful treatment because mom played it safe.
I needed a refresher on that one (though I really liked the album when it was released). &gt;Album: Sing the Sorrow Artist: AFI Release year: 2009 Duration: 3:10 Genre: Hardcore punk Oh bing you make me have a sad.
That's incredibly dangerous. Tell that second guy to stop smoking before he kills himself.
And as is typical with these bad posts, the prettier girl has the smaller chest.
My aren't you a charmer.
UPS pulled this nonsense on me for a shipment of wine, which requires a signature. If delivery attempts fail three times you have to pick it up at their distribution center in the middle of nowhere. So I work from home for a day to make sure I get it on the second attempt (I gambled on the first hoping they'd show up after work hours). The fucker lied and said nobody home despite absolutely not attempting delivery. Assholes.
Yahoo had 1.1 billion to afford to buy tumblr. Odd how the budget doesn't exist to make the website child porn free
Also: &gt; Dungeons designed with lots of parties being present in mind. Getting stuck deep in a dungeon because those groups left and the mobs respawned. I'm looking at you EQ.
I didn't finish Dark Souls (I couldn't get into it) but I did play for a few hours and nothing felt exceptionally difficult. It just didn't hold your hand, which I'm good with. But the Ninja Gaiden reboot? That was brutal to me and I loved it to pieces. It absolutely ruined one of my Spring Breaks because that's all I could do that week when I had actual plans to go out.
People have given you some very helpful comments about how to have a 2 xbox setup. But I want to remind you to be very careful about your bandwidth usage. Your ISP may set monthly caps on data usage and if you download every game from your account to the new pc you might go over the limit. Call or visit your local ISP brick and mortar store and find out if there is a limit, how large it is and how close you are to reaching it. Then download some games. You should have an idea of what your kid plays now rather than old back catalogue material. You can save older games for other months. It is very easy to go over if you have a large library from Game Pass, Games with Gold or other programs and it can cost you money on a total surprise rule that generally doesn't apply to you. It's not a major threat, but there's a chance this could happen and I want you to know it could happen.
1. He's not wrong 2. The WWE is filled with talent that has a history with Daniels and could work with him in an instant. 3. A smart, agile company could leverage this point to give him a quick run that benefits established stars and the company overall without having to invest too heavily into a guy on the back end of his career. An average fantasy booker who isn't in love with the smell of his own farts could do it really. 4. The company isn't capable of doing better than said fantasy booker.
Or his hot Asian wife
They were overly committed to lesbian bed death
Ad blocker. I turned mine off and it worked.
Concentration wasn't the problems. The laxatives he took cutting weight were. I saw it a few times when I wrestled always the same cause.
I'll be surprised if we see that inverted 450 again soon. Shit happens and he's talented as hell, but the risk isn't worth it to the company. I mean hell, how many times did Brock hit that shooting star press before his one botch that put it on the shelf forever? Quite a few times as I recall. It's a great move, but the company can't afford to lose talent to something with such high risk.
I know he did it in developmental. Hell, that was part of the selling point for him on the boards at the time. "This man is huge but he can do a freaking SSP!"
What? Our generation (whichever one of several you belong to including people who are of the generation in reference) isn't the only one to do weird things? Impossible! Scandalous! Lies and slanders!
Nobody will commit to the bit harder than Vince. People may get on his level, but it is the top fucking shelf.
It's cute that they think their outrage matters.
Main roster version of this Ciampa raises his arms after leveling black. Announcer: "What's going to happen? We'll find out next as RAW rolls on." -cuts to commercial-
Almost every plant that people decided to eat gets that title. Not that we shouldn't try them, but keep in mind sheep can eat arsenic without dying. There was a level of trial and error by necessity to our early ancestors that we should respect.
There was also a really good reason for McMahon to turn heel. His singular obsession with keeping Stone Cold from ruining his company's image made sense as it metastasized to a larger heel roll as an megalomaniac. Current heel GMs seem to be jerks just for fun. It isn't interesting.
&gt; We’re here now because of this post! The food was delicious and the drink prices CANNOT be beat!! Everyone was so nice too, got to meet one of the owners, very down to earth guy! Thanks for sharing! I'm not saying this is a fake as hell marketing post, but it sounds exactly the same as a fake as hell marketing post.
It made money, especially thanks to international ticket sales. It's largely credited as a reason why other films began to look more to international markets.
That and the fact that certain azerite traits directly tie into the matrix of the titans (or whatever it's called) meaning you have to give up 15 to 30 ilevels on a piece of equipment to get the trait if RNG isn't friendly. And no class specific raid gear. My DH looks so freaking generic and always will because fitting class gear would look terrible on other leather wearing classes. This last item feels like a cost cutting decision. Instead of designing for every class, just come up with 4 designs. It's terrible.
I don't think it's a waste. People in this sub are good a building up their point totals every month, having fun every now and then is a good way to blow off steam.
Google is a company that managed to get 1 or 2 things tremendously right from a profit standpoint and then manage to kind of screw everything else up. Aside from trying to make the UI "sleeker" they have started "highlighting" items in your inbox so you can't get to your chronological items until you've scrolled past the "important" items and an ad before you get to what you want. Bitch, if I really thought that Panera email was a priority, I'd look for it.
Next white elephant gift event, for sure.
Don't put this on the rest of the PAC12 this is just the Bruins being ass.
The biggest QOL, reduce player fatigue. I appreciate events for the rewards, but frankly, there is just too much stuff to do that requires time and inventory management. I just can't make myself care enough to keep playing through what is offered because I don't have that much time to expend even though I like the game.
That's because you don't respect the value of a well ripped anus.
and a pint's a pound the world around
Glad to help. DIY pest control is cheap with a bit of research. I gave up on my bug guy when I found out I could do it myself for a fraction of the cost and spray as often as necessity calls for instead of quarterly.
It's terrible though. It is funny that the chain started as an offshoot of Panda Inn restaurants, which are rather good.
&gt;. I honest to god never try to make the show ABOUT me, get myself over, etc. Proceeds to tell story where he manages to make the dark part of the card about him.
The only safe amount is none though.
I lived the Death of WCW and read the book. I think people miss a lot of the ways WCW was bad. They go for the big picture problems (big contracts, booking control to top wrestlers) and small problems (short term booking, which shouldn't matter if it is well executed) and miss that the overall quality of the product sucked. Charlotte vs Lacy Evans is a 5 star classic compared to many of the matches later day WCW put on. Now, when it comes to the WWE, the problem is, they have the raw talent and they don't take advantage of it. Later day WCW has drained of talent that cared to perform. Current WWE could get by just trying to put on 3-5 matches that were high level and then worry about the angles as a secondary matter and they'd be better off. They have the talent pool, they just don't use it.
Roe vs Wade is also unpopular. A slim majority supports it being overturned or modified. A better true reddit question would be how to reach a public health/ethics/policy compromise.
For those who don't know, the saying goes Safety rules are written in blood
Yes. Stables are ideal when a roster is talent deep. It's funny how the WWE seems to despise them but thinks that RAW vs Smackdown is a meaningful faction divide.
But the illusory division between Smackdown and Raw superstars, that matters for some idiotic reason.
Sure, the US deprived itself of supplies and armed Russians because it wasn't strategically important.
Yes, I also measure my success in how much I lost.
There is an issue of logistics to consider. Pretend for one moment that Moxley loses in AEW, that's disrespectful to New Japan. Or Moxley drops the belt in Japan, now AEW has to rationalize the loss in the context of their brand where they want to make him a huge star. I would recognize outside titles, but I understand why it takes a bit of thought, not just for the fans, but how you interact with your fellow companies.
&gt;1) Cutting down on shitposting. We will begin to remove posts that are short, low-quality, or non-insightful articles. Things from "10 ways to train your dog" to "X just said something shocking! You won't believe what it was." aren’t quality posts. Long-form journalism is good. Quality op-eds are good. As always: please do not submit news, especially not to start a debate. Submissions should be a great read above anything else. This is not the problem with the subreddit by a long shot. The problem is that has transformed into an overtly partisan political subreddit. I'm fine with liberal leaning political content, but a lot of what gets through is absolute bottom of the barrel content. I haven't seen a single "top 13 reasons your dog wants steak" but I have seen "top 13 reasons republicans eat babies" (this is a joke, for emphasis of course). True reddit was supposed to be about high quality thoughtful content that distinguished itself from other non-fiction sources. It should be again.
This was such a generic non-response. If it weren't for the little jab about puns it could have been about anybody in the WWE. Weak AF.
f you were to take a survey of average Americans, they would probably favor France's abortion laws without knowing their content despite the fact that the are more restrictive than many enforceable restriction that exists in the US today.
Thanks for covering the issue fairly well. I missed the response but you pretty much nailed it head on.
Some peopl3 have convictions because it isn't their wallet that gets impacted and they get free karma.
The only time I'm really interested in a buffet is Vegas. That also provides some prime people watching. There are people out there dedicated to getting their money's worth.
If you have XBL gold or games pass for xbox, your subscription converts and is additive. **TOP UP YOUR SUBSCRIPTIONS BEFORE SPENDING THE BUCK TO GET MAXIMUM VALUE.**
I think that is largely why some companies agree to do gamepass, it has been proven to improve sales, but for older games, it gives them DLC sales.
I live in an area with a good HOA (low fees, high output of amenities including very well run community pools and greenspaces) but the bad ones are special slices of hell.
You should be able to find a perfectly functional beater for 2-4k.
https://www.zdnet.com/article/heres-how-you-can-still-get-a-free-windows-10-upgrade/ A June 1 update to the article says it still works.
I felt bad for Texas fans who got stuck with this stupid rumor.
This was the most fun I had following the WCWS, not just for the Bruins, but for the other teams as well. Y'all were fun to watch. Let's have a rematch next year, I like you guys.
My over/Under on the season is 6 1/2. The PAC is in a really strange place right now. By the time Chip is in his 3rd year, I think we will see a lot of those young players mature. I think he was willing to lose to get the right guys on the field and make the team better. It sounds stupid, but by the end of the year, we were the best bad team in CFB, which was actual progression from being one of the worst bad teams to start out.
Rolfe at least is just doing it for fun now and has slowed down his content stream to him just being socially gaming with friends for most of it. Angry Joe is maximum tryhard and it is so sad because it is such an outdated model.
If he were any more 2014 he'd be doing videos about SJW's (and I used to sometimes enjoy those, but we moved on)
Also, the money goes to the government instead of the people who were defrauded. Always a frustrating aspect of these fines.
Same. I run everything through my xbox, I'd definitely like to still use my antenna and tuner combo
Confidence interval. 95 is relatively high
5 years from now- Top post: Did you know that Heavyweight Champion Starbuck Steve was once on Smackdown playing the part of YOLO champion?
Just an announcement that he really isn't interested in UCLA once the new coach fails out.
The automatic color correction in this video is totally insane. Great interview, but I can't look at the screen.
Reddit promised that this was the internet: It wasn't.
You only used two words because more would disprove your thesis
Thanks for that. I was getting ready for some women's world cup and getting really confused about how this went wrong.
This is such blatant pandering. I'm glad the industry has changed, but exploiting Pride for dollars isn't something I can respect.
Deja vu, except the purported casus belli is entirely different. The justification different. The fact that Iran is actively provoking conflict by attacking trade vessels. The fact that Iran has been murdering American soldiers for 15 years in Iraq under a false flag. I don't want war with Iran. Iran seems keen on starting a war despite this. But just like the Iraq war. Sure. PS, did reddit stop caring about Russian bots online, or is that only when they help Trump?
&gt; There is no evidence Iran is behind anything. Do you know how I know you don't know the meaning of the word evidence?
I think this that the best rack of ribs I ever ate came from Pizzitola's Bar-B-Cue. Tastes vary of course.
Fun courses, good mechanics. The humor is definitely a matter of taste but fairly easy to ignore.
I prefer the behavior of the social media giants to be compared to academic studies on human research subjects. It would be highly unethical to run tests on people without their knowing, without carefully designed and overseen parameters.
Cut from the same cloth as Avenatti. Except his extortion racket went just a bit further.
The other half is Russian bots, which they used to object to. Note, it is sometimes China bots as well.
Thank goodness someone defended communism, the real victim in this thread
It's a petition signed by randos on the internet. What else is there to do with it? Those aren't worth the paper they are printed on.
I mean aside from providing a steady stream of fighters to Iraq for 15 years, Iran has never attacked Americans. Fuck the Iranian propaganda in this sub has reached unbearable levels. I don't want war with Iran and don't think there is cause for it, but if Jesus, this is out of control.
Thicci Cross
Politics in a nutshell "citizens united is a crime against free speech" But also "Only multinational corporations should be trusted with the power of the press (also me and my friends)"
I'm surprised it last this long. 100 percent social justice 0 percent what made the imprint a prestige line.
It's reddit, not reality
No, it isn't Matlock
But what outrage? Gaywonk got some press, but otherwise nobody cares
"Who is going to stop the boosters?" Certainly not the NCAA if history is any indication. Boosters get to the kids and hook them up. Every program, every year. No exceptions. The only question is extent.
I think it is easy to forget that even around 2000 people were saying Kane, Taker and Big Show were too fat and slow to work. They all put on amazing matches afterwards of course, so sometimes (but just sometimes I'm sure) the IWC gets it wrong. In retrospect, I think Kane and Taker did their best work after 2000. Big Show didn't have his youthful athleticism any more but he leveled out and became his most consistent once he dropped weight.
Pop culture is always changing. I won't say it will certainly happen, but the WWE could catch lightning in a jar again and suddenly be the center of the universe for a spell. I think their biggest impediment is being comfortable with being just average right now.
Reddit has spent more time stoking fears of war and fluffing Iran than any other outlet. All the talk about Russian bots and this website is filthy with Iranian agents.
A deal they immediately ignored and wasn't ratified by the Senate perhaps?
Don't forget to use redbox rewards. I haven't done it in a while, but they used to let you churn free rentals for reward rentals.
I don't want to see Kofi lose the title just yet, but if they could book it to extend into Summerslam with q title change I'd be happy. Joe deserves a big run and Kofi proved he is in a spot to get the title back.
It's like In-n-Out. Small menu, focus on quality and execute. That is 99 percent of the battle. Twitter spats literally make up less than 1 percent of how their revenue figures out
That video was so, so, so cringe.
I don't know where he will land, but there is never a reason to discount the Lakers in free agency strong enough to make you forget they are the motherfucking Lakers. But ESPN does it every year because of a short soft period that still puts them with an NBA more recently than 20+ teams
I think it's Forza Horizon 4. Yes you can play multiplayer but I can spend hours just driving around, enjoying the environment and strictly obeying traffic laws if you want. The races are fun, but you are encouraged to find your own fun
This screams embellishment. yeah, we reshot it a ton of times, but only to make placement look good. Nobody who spends time on a filmset not named Kubrick would believe this.
Oh, and the worst spot is when you get to the end of the really long bridge over (I think at the Achaphaelia basin, but other redditors would know better). The elevation drops just enough the cops are out of sight, but there is always 5-10 of them and a guy just pointing at cars while the rest run drivers down for tickets. All day, every day. It's a total racket.
Any time wrestling couples actually marry I am happy. Especially if it isn't part of some stupid angle. Good for these two crazy kids. I wish them the best.
Happy New Year Major. Thanks for what you do for the community. You gave some of your time for my daughter's school this year and I appreciate it. You put your heart into your efforts and it shows every day.
For Mordor!
Why would it still be funny when he works two more matches between now and then?
Wrestling is funny. Jeff Hardy is one of those rare guys who pushed the boundaries and people who were there will recognize it. Later wrestlers did crazier stuff and will get credit for their stuff, but what he did was stuff that you could maybe see in the indies if you were lucky at best. But he did it in the ring, on TV, live when nobody else was doing it. I hope we can all see past his very human mistakes to see what he did in the ring when nobody else on TV was doing it.
Buzbee is a good lawyer and he's local.
Iran will probably take a token retaliatory action but nothing too severe, just enough to save face. I could be wrong, but there is a reason why they fight the way they do, they can't stand toe to toe with the US and escalation hurts them more than it will hurt the US.
UCLA is the most applied to school in the country, it is very competitive. But, anybody in California can transfer to a UC if they follow a simple course list at their community college. It got me into UCLA and works for hundreds of others.
Just get him in the battle royale. Let him have first or last entrance as a show of respect. Let him eliminate a few lower card guys and go out on his shield with a chance for a crowd response. The kind of crowd that goes to Mania knows who he is and will show him love.
There's some variation on the polling data, but generally yes. It makes sense. Even from a young age, girls internalize the thought of having children and later, they actually have them. That has a pretty big impact on their thinking. A woman who has a child has dealt with all of the early term details and getting ultra sounds, hearing prenatal heartbeats, etc. Obviously men are part of this too in most cases, but it isn't as personal.
Yup. It's also why I follow topminds (though they have less of a sense of humor unfortunately). People get silly on reddit, get reinforced by people in their echo chamber and then we all have a laugh at the most ridiculous cases.
They love Watts and Watson. But they don't believe in the team. Honestly, they need to earn it. Tonight was a good first step.
This is just a comment
Sadly, he gave it to the Aggies. I kind of enjoyed how much it bothered the River Oaks crowd.
Yup. I'm not a fan of BoB but they won. After 3 quarters of bad football the team showed up. That was fun. Enjoy it folks and don't act like a bitch. It's not that hard.
&gt; all experts on the matter "Experts are defined as people I agree with"
Legit onesof the best wrestlers ever. Top 5 is no exaggeration, I put him on Mount Rushmore for great wrestlers. But he killed his wife and his child. But fuck him is a fair assessment of Benoit as a man. What he did was unconcienable. Time hasn't erased his crimes.
You and me are in the same spot. I have an OG Xbox day one. The brick is probably dead. No great complaints, I'd just last until the next console release. I've been Xbox since release, Id love to wear it to the end.
The sad part is that the folks who stick it out have nothing to do with that nonsense. Guys definitely not. The women just want to work through the courses. A good engineering program is a slog. This does not help and the people they try to attract either won't come or will drop.
I am shocked Marvel has bad writing now, they had 6 years to sort that out
Research. Skip the easy majors. Philosophy is less popular than political science for example. There are a few magnet majors, avoid them, take up math.
It was just a matter of time. The guy has talent and helped the Bears in a historically bad period.
If it is inside the margin of error it should be deeply discounted. People miss out how unpopular Obama is and how ambivalent people were to Trump. Without argument to their leadership, they are in the same stratus. If the media didn't push so negative on Trump he'd possibly even be ahead by a minor margin.
Assholes often do
You should have proven you are calm by voting for the white woman who married her way into politics.
I never posted on the Donald that I know of, I still get that line. People are just afraid of confronting alternative viewpoints, which is a sad commentary on them. I take their insults as evidence that they are pathetic and wouldn't have the stones to do the same in a public space if we were speaking. What a sad way to live. The fact that a few thousand of them congregate online means very little.
Perhaps the only figure four worse than the Miz
A civy travelling with a terrorist mastermind in Iraq after an attack on an embassy? Quel dommage
Not in a public airport. On foreign land where they were encouraging conflict. But other than the factual details of what happened, spot on
That sounds weird, but really, parents know if their kids are handsome, or pretty without it being a strange sex thing. Hell, we spend most of our lives grooming them so they look presentable in public and we know which one has the irregular head and so on. But yes, Vince making her a sex object was definitely gross.
If I ever posted there, it was having a laugh or having a laugh at them. But people take this all too far. That's what you do when the stakes are so low.
The Iranian agents on reddit are getting bold enough to get out of world news. Expect more stupid soon.
I had an El Camino. One of the only cars I truly loved.
That's not how distributions work.
A great place to visit. Snark aside, it is a treasure for our city.
Canadians got violence if you have been following the news.
Early voting is common now. I can vote at my library the week before and that isn't my polling place, it's just in the same jurisdiction. Before I moved to Texas, there were polling places set up in malls. Candidates will help you get absentee ballots if they think you are interested in voting so they can bank your vote early. It has never been easier to vote. Time off is a red herring.
There is no such market disruption in the US not is it anywhere close to that. If you took out all the billionaires you could fund the government for a few months. Like I said above, the people who complain about wealth disparity never complain about the government having too much or being wasteful or taking from people. No, it's Bill Gates, who has dedicated his life to philanthropy and managed what he earned so that he could spend tens of billions of dollars each year without his wealth shrinking.
Try again tomorrow. I think you can do it. Really work your way up.
Everyone knows what happened. A sad class of people blame the US because they can't see that Iran was responsible for their own actions.
Gita was an average writer on her best day. I'm sure she has connections to keep playing musical chairs, but eventually, they pull the seat out.
Different guy. Still a tragedy.
I have been praying for a free Iran for decades. I am American, but live in an area with lots of people who fled after the change. It is a nation of good people. I am not naive enough to think it will happen easily, but I am hopeful it can happen some day.
Fake news was well employed as a turnaround because it was such a vague term anybody could say it. Snowflake was used by people who don't know how to use it as an attack. It wasn't a great term IMO, but people would drop it on everything as some sort of counter and it failed miserably because they didn't get it's original meaning.
Serving drugs and booze isn't that crazy. But if you can't tell a 15 year old is underage, you probably have something wrong with you.
This reminds me of Ellsworth in terms of predation. Horrible.
You might be fine for now, but if you have an older system power supplies die and need replacement. If it's an intermittent failure, consider buying one at a place with a good exchange policy and see if it resolves.
The XFL should name their Houston team the Adequates. That's all our city expects by now.
We didn't expect them to choke, we expected them to fail. Choking requires a level of success we didn't anticipate.
&gt; I can forgive sexchanging the doctor, She's actually good. I like her better than the prior doctor on a very basic level of being more talented. The writing has been bad. Insultingly bad. Star Trek Discovery bad.
Hired the day after the suspension is over. He was good at his job and the event had little to nothing to do with him. He was one of the top 5 baseball gms while at Houston. Somebody will want him.
They later tries the same thing with a UCLA basketball player, but made the mistake of getting caught talking about it on a phone before hand. The NCAA is very selective of their targets, but they are most certainly not fair minded.
It already happens. Players have always stolen signs when a player is on base. The splits on performance aren't as big as you'd think.
God that would be fun. Brock could benefit from that and Truth is gold.
I'll get in trouble for saying this with some folks, the WWE does a black wrestler every year, it makes sense on a very basic level but it is definitely a quota system for 1 woman, 1 POC, etc. Truth is an all timer now. He spanned eras. Was one of the best comedy workers in history. Elevated everyone he was with. I hope they don't just use him to plug a hole. He has always been better than that. He won't get a big run at the top, but he's the 290 hitter every club relies on in the order.
I bet there are more than a few teams who have already circled their calendars and more than a few GM's who have done the same for different reasons.
Maybe if they add more mutants so I can pay for selectors the game will be fun.
I feel sorry for people who didn't feel the bang at its peak. He was Orton out of nowhere time I dunno, let's say 3.
Programming note these "" mean you are quoting someone, not paraphrasing what you insist they meant. If you need to insert a worse meaning, maybe you aren't making a good point after all.
OMG literally used characterization as a quote. It must have been the Y.
The loser will be the mayor of a small town. Harsh.
"I am an idiot" - OP How you think quotes work.
He is voice acting a bear
They want Game of Thrones without realizing they kept the fucking dragons on that show. Keep the fantasy elements, people work through them just fine or complain in polite tones. People know when you water down a show because it is always, always, always worse.
Weak sauce. Still uses the "niece" that was already debunked as a source. MLB investigated the current season already, it's in the report. Somebody didn't want his jersey grabbed off, because he was wearing something on his chest? but other people are using a thumb sensor?
Not my side in the case, but I felt for opposing counsel. I worked insurance defense for a loosely affiliated party to a med mal case. Discovery revealed rather late that the doctor had a sexual harassment claim filed against him. Just a claim no negative disposition. So, the friend of the plaintiff is in deposition the day after this comes out and makes up this whole yarn about being on a phone call with the plaintiff and overhearing a completely on the nose interaction with the doctor where he is sexually assaulting her. (Keep in mind, the plaintiff was not exactly an ideal candidate, old, ugly and just out of surgery). Plaintiff's counsel asked for a break as soon as he could. His demeanor showed he clearly knew he was about to get screwed and took her out of the room to try to get her to correct her testimony. She didn't. But what can he do? He can't contradict her, he wasn't there. He can't shut down the deposition (well, he could, if he was smarter about how.) The entire thing was excruciating to watch because the attorney heading the deposition was just toying with her for a good 30 minutes over it and the and the Pl attorney had to sit and take it.
Alexa: Show me separation of powers.
"Investigate Russia!" Mueller probe fizzles as there is nothing to support their claims. "Give us total power, imprison everyone, then we will find the proof!"
Or a demurrer. In many instances (depending upon jurisdiction) the case can be thrown out before the Defendant is forced to file an answer to the complaint. A demurrer takes all of the facts of the petition/complaint as true and says, even if as stated, they don't have a case as a matter of law. I've had more than a few cases thrown out or forced to amend that way because a) it was a poorly plead complaint or b) they didn't have a case.
I like Torchy's just fine, but rapid expansion like this is always dangerous.
It's also about deterrence. People see a cop ticketing in the area and for the next week or two, people drive more slowly in that area. We have a couple of spots where if it were about maximum revenue generation, the police would be there all day every day. Instead they cycle through on a monthly basis as a reminder for some people to slow down. Now, there are revenue generators. Drive through East Louisiana on the 10 freeway for example. Right after you get off the long bridge (it goes over miles and miles of swamp) the rise drops and right there out of view is a cop who points at cars and a dozen cop cars that just take turns pulling over the spotted cars. That's revenue generation. Lots of random speed limit changes right after to trap you too. So it does happen, I won't deny that.
"Get this, they were playing advertisements instead. Can you believe that? I only flipped over for one second, but Fox would do anything to avoid this issue."
Did you actually say sheeple? Fucking loser.
and it's not like CNN analysts just make up conversations to spread falsehoods on Twitter either. https://twitter.com/neontaster/status/1220112526521913345
&gt; the Bonnet Carre That's a good one too. I'm thinking of Atchafalya.
Also, slowing it down to make it look worse is not a good look for whatever dork decided to make this an issue.
I can't believe that things in wrestling look worse when slowed down. This is a huge deal.
Yup. Protecting her head, coming from the outside, only one punch that was really off. Seems like normal work to me.
I was a fan back when he was Johnny Bingo Hall
I don't mind a demand for a fair trial. What I mind is that they want to do the discovery they house never bothered to conduct. Sorry, if this is a trial, you don't get to go out and find new evidence now.
The quarantines roughly match the population of the entire state of Texas and are likely to expand. They have emergency units all over the place. I have plenty of criticism for China, but they have deployed resources to deal with this as best they can under the circumstances.
Agreed. This looks like someone who was dealt a bad hand. I hope they find help and solace.
Porn aside. I like Bing image search better. Also, their rewards program is pretty nice.
It has nothing to do with him. Read the article.
ITT: People who are blaming Chip Kelly because of buyouts and contracts for other coaches.
The Orton Edge stuff was one of the absolute highlights. From start to finish they played off each other so well.
I think you need more than 3 sentences for it to be a rant.
This meme is very timely for 2014.
Haven't we all?
Running an impeachment trial that is certain to fail and has managed to drive Trump to his best polling numbers to date. Super genius. Did anybody learn anything from the Clinton impeachment at all?
This is something I want to see. A new matchup. Elevating the NXT title and a rising star. Avoiding another Becky/Charlotte match before it becomes even more stale. Win/lose or draw this is a good decision. Rhea will not be hurt losing to Charlotte and even if Charlotte wins, she is on the brand for a while during the chase to get the title back.
Trust me, if you live in HD 28 you know. There is so much campaign material at my door and in my mail you'd think they were running for king of the moon.
It will take some time to process this. I'm still feeling it more deeply than I could have imagined. I grew up i was LA at the same time. Kobe was a cultural touchstone. I'll never be over it, I'll just have to accept it.
It will take some time to process this. I'm still feeling it more deeply than I could have imagined. I grew up i was LA at the same time. Kobe was a cultural touchstone. I'll never be over it, I'll just have to accept it.
I'm just sad they gave up on Fable Legends. The idea needed iteration (villain role wasn't hands on enough). But it could have been cool. Besides, they had a character that was the same name as my gamertag.
Well, some fuels have helpful additives. But Buc-ees is not your local supermarket gas station that goes super cheap on fuel by skipping everything.
But they are also very concerned about what China is doing to the Muslims. Except for the Chinese propagandists who work the sub all day.
Raw and Smackdown live can be fun because there is a chance for big moments. I got to see the Rock in concert for example. House shows are fun because they do more crowd pleasing booking since it'sjust for the benefit of the room.
The WWE is enamored with its modern streaks. I wouldn't be shocked if Becky gets to the longest reign. It gives her something to claim and helps whoever beats her. I would not be shocked if it is Rhea after she changes rosters.
I remember when they cheered somebody punching Richard Spencer but were perfectly cool with him being a guest on CNN because Trump made him sad.
Oh, Raw story and a thing that Obama allowed for the majority of his presidency. Please move along and ignore the idiots.
&gt; That shit sucks every time it happens. &gt; &gt; Insider will post insider info, people post it in other threads because it isn't considered spoilers, everyone bitches about the shows being boring or predictable after reading the leaks. You left out Redditors harass the person until they absolutely hate being nice because roughly 100 people on the subs are such absolute jerks that the rest aren't worth the abuse.
Kind of you to share. If you are on the team, good luck with your launch!
Wow. I have no problem with somebody saying the government needs to have a robust response to prevent future violence (also by their own officers who need to clean up their act) but that is some next level dropping the veil stuff. Nasty.
A homeless guy with a cock ring is my new definition of an optimist.
I guess people don't know that this is a castration method on some farms. Or they do and that is so much worse.
Big Angry Charles Adams is a stud. One of the best in Houston.
Nitrogen narcosis is no joke. You can get really loopy and not even realize it is happening. Aside from all of the other problems with his dive, his lack of a dive partner was a big problem. He was probably losing it much earlier than we'd expect and there was nobody making safety checks on him during the descent.
Strange how many people who clearly work for the CDC on reddit suddenly stopped caring about social distancing because politics wins every time.
I like the spirit of what he is saying. But protests do not spark change on the scale necessary. Political action is needed. Fundamental structural changes in government and the police are necessary. Protests lead to cosmetic changes, not fundamental ones. That doesn't mean people shouldn't protest. But see it through, continue the fight at the ballot box and if people aren't happy with the candidates, run. The Tea Party started as a protest movement, but it didn't mean anything until it started churning out candidates that one office. Same goes for police reform and all other issues.
Racism is horrible. The moderators overstepped their role. More black owned businesses were burned down during your symbolic private mode. The same private mode that also hid posts about wrestlers fundraising black lives matter. You aren't the good guys. You are selfish.
It didn't do anything until it elected people to office. It protested bank bailouts under Buch those still happened. They protested programs like cash for clunkers and it still happened. They had no purchase until they were elected to office.
Downvoted. Not that I care too much but folks learn reddiquitte before you hit that button. You are the bad part of the community
I donated to Shad's family just two weeks ago. I don't donate to organizations unless I work with them personally so I can be sure of their spending. But you keep going off, odds will eventually give you a chance to be right about something eventually.
Early voting should be more widespread. I've lived in two states where one could vote inside their county at precincts up to a month early and it was the best. Election day should be like tax day, a deadline, not a moment of activity.
Where did you go super hero? I put my money where my mouth is. You just run yours.
I somewhat understand the confederate flag in southern states. I don't approve, but I get it. But when I see it elsewhere, I think that person is going out of their way to be stupid.
That's basically why I gave him a pass. He didn't wrestle often and was shifted over to a personality role. He worked above his ability. He respected the craft. That's something few guys do when given his spot and one should appreciate that.
Savage was a meticulous worker and had as much respect for the business as anybody. Picking DDP is an honor and a natural extension of who he is.
I must be reading a different thread than you are because it's mostly supporting Lio.
Good list. I'd like to see a few subject matter episodes as well. Not just people but the development of hardcore wrestling, backyard wrestling,small feds, or legacy wrestlers. There are things that require a broad topic because any one part of it is too small by itself. I could probably pull 10 people from this sub and they could fill 3 seasons of content in their sleep.
Oh hai movie Bob
There are few black ones, because like the gays, they heroically threw themselves in front of a bullet to prevent gunfire from defacing the walls of the glorious regime.
Wow, how was that big shift 2 years ago?
We won't call Elmer a Nimrod.because we don't want to enforce religion on everybody. Same energy
Democrat run cities are hellholes.
Minute of silence versus compelled speech. Please go on.
Oh, sorry the crowd that opposed reopening has somethin to say while blowing off mass protests? Do go on.
Who can honestly remember race war era WWE with fondness? That was some of the ugliest booking of that decade.
I like to think he has a job.
I can't say much without data, but based on a fairly broad social circle, the protests have lost a lot of support thanks to the idiot rioters who claimed their mantle. But chasing 10 percent of a population can be very valuable.
Olmos is a great actor, but there is a reason why he isn't cast more often and it has more in common with Mickey Rooney and Val Kilmer than race.
Talented but ego issues. It is just as easy to hire a lesser actor who doesn't cause problems. I day this as a fan of the work of all three.
Eugene was such a solid talent. I wish they could have transitioned him out of that embarrassing and disgraceful role into something else. It would have been easy, pretending to be dumb and being a mastermind instead is instant heel material.
Don't be so quick to doubt yourself.
Thanks for the all day cringe of females with penises.
Reddit is driven by emotionally shallow people lacking nuance. Also, its users aren't the best
Sure, one was married to a child and caught on tape peeing on someone. But the other was in a twice dismissed lawsuit and I don't like him because of politics. It is the exact same thing .
He was so good. Just a natural talent and knew how to be something other than one of a dozen political talk clones. He got his fair shots in, but he was a broader comic and interview.
those people have maybe done one of those things. Just maybe
Dabo saying he doesn't want players playing music blasting the n word, clearly a racist. Big if true
May International law UN Pull my other one reddit
Top mind think reddit board members is racist. Is right.
So are you suggesting the word is too offensive to the locker room? Perhaps that's why he was trying to get the music removed. Think it through. Just one time
&gt; And we thought WWE liked money LOL They liked making both happy. Two huge egos that demanded protection.
Just ignore it. The accusation is insulting weak at best. He will never be in trouble for this and Clemson will have a 10 win season, so even if true, Dabo could have used the hard R
This sub is still on reddit. Of course they think the worst. Even in the most generous telling, Dabo was opposed to using racist language in music... so that makes him racist. Seriously. That was the controversy.
Good job guys. Lots of support here. This is heatening.
DURING A PANDEMIC. Goodness Karen. Is that grue?
Reddit will need a whole new nation to blame in November.
That puts him in even roughly company with an Obama presidency. Press coverage and social media belie the fact he is a middling president with average results, not the devil.
Yes, a pandemic where he worst deaths are mostly in Democratic sectors is totally his fault makes sense.
He is a pandemic? Ypu are a dolt.
Voting against Obama didn't work either. The fact that people think Biden has half a chance with half the funds and half the mind of Hillary is a joke. Trump is a weak hand, but he is steady enough to win as an incumbent
&gt; Hogan was all poses, no selling, and leg drops. Hogan was showmanship. There is nothing wrong with that, that is what the industry is. Selling a character. He got by doing less because he could and that let him have a 30 year long career at the top.
*good
It makes me mad. We have spent two weeks dealing with racism as a national spotlight and an angry player decided to exploit that to take a nontroversy and lump it in with an actual murder. Fuck everything about this story.
According to statistics, the average person has more than one skeleton.
He was not that over. The fact that he is hawking supplements is a mild sign of where he belongs in the industry.
He had the charisma for sure. They got right with Daniel Bryan and gave the Slator Gator a long leash, Bad News was their biggest miss.
It was only revisionist history... also that thing he did well. Do you even believe your own bs?
Terrible in the ring and not enough of a personality to be a carry on the microphone. There is a reason he was the first real drop
His family legacy was a blessing and a curse. He can work. Maybe never be a top star, but is a genuine smooth wrestler with a diverse talent base.
He had pops for 4 months, followed by a year of bad matches and not being a convincing bully at the catering table. That puts him in the same category as a lot of flash in the pan talent and they were more talented and not jerks.
Shotzi is a test of the NXT model. She is talented enough but does not have the VKM approved look. On skill alone, she should have a future. But if history is a teacher, it is Ruby Riots future. A great worker who isn't allowed at the top level despite everything they do right.
Dynamic Iwaki? Can't image search, but Dynamite Kid?
If this gets people to recognize a legacy of racism outside of the US I am supportive of the idea if not acts. There is too much parochialism that pretends slavery was only an American institution or that racism exists only in one of the most diverse nations in the world.
Good Lord, I'd still be at war with those bastards.
You can beat the Bruins. If anybody sets the spread at UCLA minus 2.5 or better, I'm going against them.
It was MSNBC.
Ah, okay, works if we only go with last name.
This issue can sometimes get cleared by phone or pc app too.
If there were ever a grouping where I wish both could disappeR, it would be hard-core Trump and kpop fans.
What the fuck are you on about?
I was engaged and we broke it off. That is the trajectory if things go right. Time heals wounds and I needed distance to gain perspective.
The wonders of the modern world. 1 year would be forever even a few decades ago. I don't think there is a specific amount of time, but it shouldn't take very long to discover compatability traits.
Isn't that an episode of IASiP
I look forward to the game. I cheer you guys every game you play that isn't against us. Great program, great fans.
I want a dashcam for the same reason. I'd rather a complete record and knowing that I have to be accountable to myself.
It is almost like this is a republic and not a direct democracy.
Because we are a confederation of states with diverse interests and needs and that pure democracy creates an institutional push towards abuses of power in the name of bare majorities. I trust people from Wyoming to keep better track of their relationship with California than the other way around.
And despite hiding behind BLM black people are being murdered and their businesses destroyed. I know several people who lost everything and it is made all the worse because they exploit a noble cause.
Lonzo will never MVP in the same league as Hardin, Westbrook, Curry and LeBron. But give him 2 more years with that NO squad and he should get some votes. They are on a long timetable, but when that group comes around the East will be fundamentally changed.
Like fun you would. Since you are a big fan of voting rights, tell me how Bush v Gore was rightly decided in both instances. Take a special moment to discuss why it was a 7 2 opinion the last time and is strictly a remedies case at la3 school because it isnt a good or even controversial con law case.
OOTL, what did he do?
I guess not all idiots are on board
The US is over 100k dead. Brazil Will be chasing 500k in 3 weeks or sooner. Russia just said "fuck it, we ain't telling nobody nothing" but the nation with patient zero, an immensely higher population, ecological comorbitities and a history of cover up? Totes in the clear
It isnt just working as intended, it works better. Trump could have picked up the difference in votes but that isn't the rule of how someone is elected so he didn'tchase it. I doubt with all sincerity you would be incensed if the roles were reversed. In fact, I think you are a liar. The fact that you ignore that Gore literally wanted to undermine equal protection to win is not a point in your favor.
Pleading ignorance is talking out my ass. Keep believing in interneto prove something I suppose.
To anyone needing a strawman, this guy has the world's supply
Lee has an unusual look for the WWE style, but goodness he does everything right. I hope they strap a rocket to his ass.
Totally fine. Worst case scenario it is seen as profitable expoitation but not likely.
30 years ago Biden was embroiled in a plagiarism scandal, lying about his education credentials and didn't have the good hair plugs. Hillary was a nobody hanging in to the prospect being married meant something in politics. She wasn't thought of as a politiciN or a person, Biden was already a nation embarrassment for the DNC.
She was a joke. That was an inside play. Tell me, how many Clintons won a majority of vates? Also 1990, 2 years before running. He was most famous for a bad DNC speech and the Arseneo Hall show. She was famous for nothing. Were you even there?
Ireland and NZ only have rugby in common. But that's good I suppose
Still, I'd rather wear a condom than blow off 99 percent protection. Of course people can be Sussex put, but precaution makes sense.
Why are you bad at law?
They are destined for each other. Like Sami and Owen's, the roadrunner and Coyote pineapple and pizza. They are meant to be
Favorite up and comer for sure.
That. Tmthat is good
reddit an Twitter are not real life. Just because we pull together a few dozen likes online doesn't mean much of anything.
&gt; Also, the past week or so has really changed my opinion on K-Pop stans. I still don’t understand them, but they’ve been doing a lot of good work in donating, You have not caught their bad side. They are full of energy and maybe this week they are doing something you like, but harassing people, doxxing, threats? All well within their purview on any given day
To me, I know that if her name were even Orndorff she wouldn't be pushed the way she has been pushed. She is talented enough, but these denials are nonsense.
You didn't care 4 years ago. Pound sand
It is pandering at its peak. This guys couldn't find Betsy DaVos in a lineup if it saved his life and likely doesn't know why she is supposedly bad.
They stopped being an effective organization 6 or 7 years ago. The people in leadership who left sounded every possible alarm. Even the Dana Loesh styled personalities gave up. The NRA is a fundraising organization that fuels a few people
Down vote all you want, present single post proving otherwise. Even one with a mild hint. I wait in rapt attention
Claims there was a block. Down votes and runs away, shocking I know
Aside from downvote of a coward, present evidence. Do it. Or do you need more time to concoct lies?
You are privileged enough to not know how prison works, but people get out early because we actually incentivize early release to save money. But sure, it is his race, or gender, or the fact you don't like his politics. But if I have to guess it is the last one. I've surrendered people to custody in my own family, but tell me how they got off for being white, or male. Please.
John Wilkes Booth was named after a famous American patriot. He kind of ruined the name.
Oh you think Biden could win. You are adorable
Of course it wouldn't lose. There are so many obvious reasons why. People pushing a story like this are silly.
Just saying nu uh doesn't mean you are right. It just makes you a cartoonist version of a reddit political scientist,, who knows nothing about either American or Euopean politics but claims expertise in both.
I would do my worst, but Rogaine already tried and failed.
Doonesbury tried to make a Broadway play, not even joking. The second he had to be more highbrow than a comics page he bombed harder than the Japanese at Pearl Harbor. Political cartoons are the lowest form of comedy and politics for a reason.
Sure, there is a pilot hole, this is the worst possible method, but hey there is video.
This is about novelty not utility. It is both impractical and silly.
God, reddit is so bad that a person who doesn't even know what a black person looks like is getting upvoted. Hint, black people are black.
Kennedy had time, buy he got us unto a bad war and was murdered by a communist. Somehow Republicans are to blame.
Teamsters were the worst representation of unions. They make pice unions look like a pantheon of Saints
Tell me, what position would the general Democratic party not take that the Europeans do if unfettered by political limitations? Universal Healthcare? No. UBI well, that has gained traction too. Just pick a few issues. Tell me why Barack Obama is less progressive than Angela Merkle.
None of these have to do with liberal positions. Or do you really think leftism lacks political violence? I have a few thousand examples that would prove otherwise.
The turtle turtles. But with such insight as "sheeple" one could expect little else.
I have heard it elsewhere, but I think it is fair to say that liberals as a group are more likely think people are conservative because they intentionally choose wrong. Conservatives do this as well, I don't want to sugar coat this. But I think it is more common among liberals and the left by a substantial margin. I get why people are liberal. I get socialism. I just don't think they are working ideologies in the broader term. But I understand them.
Guys, we found the 3 people who bought Anthem. Please give them a hug or gold.
Wait, a show with a noted sex pervert show funner did that? I am shocked
I volunteer for a reason. I'm can give oversight, provide some help and know if the group is good. Sometimes I donate, but I need to know them first
Texans think they are more American. New Yorkers think they are the only Americans.
We also have kolaches!
Ph, look at a those enecdotes. That should make me ignore my experience as an attorney.
The US spent years being the only country to meet the ambitions of the Paris accords. Even in the most realistic telling it will be far ahead of other nations in light of its position in manufacturing. That is regardless of candidate
It is fun watching people who hated but totally misunderstood Citizens United turn it into a weapon where corporations knowhow because they still don't understand
Russia trolls the US, reddit rejoices it interfering with our politics. What a shock.
827
Yeah, really doing the job by saying that Palestinians wanted peace. Clearly she is a monster.
When Clinton was President, he got Israel to offer more than they had to reasonably give and the Palestinians walked away. That was the closest we ever got to a two state solution and it ended with Arafat dying a billionaire bathed in blood money instead.
Not responsive, but he did have a perfect dropkick
Without going into it on Lee. Kirby has a legacy as the greatest comic guy who ever made everyone else famous.
Kirby had some of the most brilliant and wild ideas. But he also needed a grounding voice. Not Miller level out of control, but just big lofty concepts that needed parameters. Even after half a century. DC has barely wrangled the new gods (they get Darkseid, Barda, Mister Miracle and Granny, that is about it.) Marvel gets Galactus and the heralds because they are lightly used, even then they have had bad writing runs. But man, he had some of the best conceptual frameworks. It it totally logical that Galactus would have a herald if he isn't evil, but who actually thought it through?
People have been going after Cards Agnainst Humanity for the better part of a decade. The fact that AS is still milking that cow says where she is right now. Even zkotaku moved on 5 years ago.
There were set goals. The US met its targets without being a member of the agreement.
1. A thing that happens in thr sense that schools don't get as large an increase as wany3d. 2. A thing that means literally dismantling the police, like a moron. Yeah, people might notice.
Please stay away from fire with all that straw
But Luxembourg is a hell of a reach. A country that has a smaller population than a small city should be sorted out for data quality purposes.
John Robert's will be eating his words if another case comes before the court. He defended locking down churches. The protests have laid the hypocrisy of our lockdowns bare. Reddit is no exception.
BRO is pretty high on him as a get for 2021. They need another QB but he was a top 2 target.
If the WWE weren't about 30 minutes of mic time to start every show, Cesaro would have had a very different career. He has never been better than okay on the stick and being a great wrestler, which he is, only goes so far.
They didn't make sense as Champs. But the do nothing long title run puts it all to shame.
You have no idea how these contracts work do you?
Umm, they don't get paid. These are bidding contractors, most of whom got quotes from Chinese firms that didn't meet their price quote or inventory request. The bidder gets nothing. Nada. Zip. Zilch.
He can knock all he wants. You have a better chance of booking another episode of RAW.
He just needs a win over Bo Dallas.
I know reddit struggles with this. But every political movement carries baggage. BLM has baggage. Whether you think it deserves to or not, it is currently tied to riots, multiple murders and people literally calling for the police to be disbanded. Now, I applaud Lee for his stance. I have no doubt he is standing for all the responsible people saying we've had enough. But they are trunks and a jacket. Which will neither carry the nuance or insulate the WWE from alienating some people who are now miffed that a protest against police violence has turned into self parody. Keith, the New Day, everyone should continue to speak out and listen, but that is still a personal choice.
Perfect came back and still had great matches. But HBK is always the first to come to mind.
The political comparison is apt. In the US, dems have a young wave that aren't experienced enough yet, so they kind of got stuck with a less than ideal crop of candidates. Investing in 10 years from now is hard, but necessary.
America will be fine. Our politics is just going to be a little silly for a while.
Spoliation of evidence to top it all off.
Gamestop will sell an aftermarket brick for 60 bucks and it sounds like a jet engine. Sadly, they are one of the better 3rd party options. Mine day one edition lost power and I probably would have just bit the bullet on an S or X if the next gen wasn't so close.
What planet have you been living on if you think there is a lack of critical press about Trump
Cheyenne Silver
Texas and UCLA a classic match up where Bruins overachiev
I don't go by Clay road often, but the only time I did in the last year, there was a drive by
Yeah, that is the problem, in the most diverse city and one of the most diverse subsections. Nailed it.
They did it in the animated series. But it managed to be good.
Harvest Natural Market is a very small chain that struggles. Funny enough, they were the easiest place to find paper goods a few months ago because they were ignored.
Christian. Christian. At last you're on your own.
Warrior award
I would wear the fuck out of that jacket
Unless it is jeans and a jean jacket, then it is a Canadian tuxedo
Did you ever actually wrestle or fight? It is grueling. Literally every muscle in your body is being used at max capacity. About a third of my wrestling team was cross country in the fall season. They blew up after 2 minutes just like everyone else.
Wait, trying to be nice about a dead man? But on the internet we are supposed to shut on corpses
The laughter, the delivery, basic common fucking sense.
&gt; The protests have achieved more in 3 weeks than decades of Democrats had. Yup. They completely derailed talk of realistic reform in favor of stupid nonsense like defunding the police. Good job.
MLK was a complicated guy. He said and did things that were conservative. He said and did things that were wildly liberal. But he was driven by his desire for racial justice. Anybody who tries to claim him is being slightly foolhardy unless their quest is racial equality.
What large scale movement do you want specifically? Please, be detailed. Changes in use of force? Already on the table nationally and locally. Training? Same. What realistic changes do you expect? Ones that can be implemented on a national level? I'd like to see your expert opinion
&gt; The sale price of your home later on is determined by what the market dictates, not your taxes. A realtor who doesn't understand that is a bad realtor.
Your imagination falls shy on the fact they can't be sold yet.
That which can be asserted without evidence can be dismissed without evidence.
That's not how the laws about sex tourism works.
It only hurts the movement because wreddit decided that they needed to lump all claims together at maximum speed. She didn't hurt the movement, the movement hurt the movement.
Jesus the arrogance of this comment. Just like we should investigate the Boston bomber right?
Arbitration is still the legal system. It saves time, it saves money. A typical neutral is a former judge. There is no inherent advantage between parties, compared to lawsuits which can be wildly dependent upon judicial district. But what do I know, I'm a simple country lawyer.
People just jumping on a bandwagon. Their insistence that this was always a thing (outside of Texas) is straight bullshit. I like the holiday, enjoyed going to Galveston and actually celebrating it. It's one of the cool things about the city.
Is that what we are doing now? Digging up old, well known stories because our bloodlust isn't sated? Cool, cool, cool
Both true.
Terrible news. I'm sorry Trojan bros. My deepest condolences to you. He was a talented and good guy. I'm sad to hear it.
Nothing, because they weren't reserved seats. Also, bragging about it afterwards kind of undercuts the op.
Wilson, Jackson, Buchanan were all way worse.
This is a shop of the Vita, which while awesome tanked miserably. I love my Vita and still use it. But Nintendo, king of portables, realized that the only way to make portable gaming work is to integrate into the console itself.
I got the Dreamcast version, did all the training courses. Played the main board so many times I lasted forever. I'd then go to Gameworks and kill an hour with about a buck while waiting for my girlfriend to finish her shift.
Because it is implied. Or else it wouldn't even matter.
True. I liked O and thought he could have done well at USC despite those losses. He definitely would have been better than Sark. Also, cheers to a fellow Chapman flair, we are few and far betwen.
Netflix needs a paper bag test. A half white character can't be represented by a white actress, they must be played by a fully black actress. If you aren't darker than a paper bag you can't get in.
Crazy given that they literally had a statue of the Sacred Virgin shoot a violent spray of blood into people's faces. Really shows where the priorities are if that is acceptable and the other is not.
He'd be under a psych hold if that was the case.
Not how holds work, based on personal knowledge and experience
Be sure to thank China on the way out as well. Reddit does their masters' bidding quite well.
If your life is more important than property, don't put it at risk for property.
/r/watchpeopledie has been replaced with r/watchredditdie also known as /r/announcements
