I personally feel Rouge sucks and prefer Magenta much more...
Fake, snakes cannot raise hands
DEAL IS FUCKING DONE FOR THE 214124151 TIME ALREADY. JUST ANNOUNCE IT!
Won't call that scammed if we actually manage to offload him for 50m to Atletico. Would nearly recoup all that money from transfer fee and loan fee.
But appeal still doesnt mean we asked to pospone it?
Probably because no other club had such a serious case as we have
You appeal the sentence if you think the punishment is unjust
This comment is a whole lot of bullshit imo. It should be easy to understand, as this works pretty much no different than any other case in court. Let's say the punishment for speeding would be 3 to 9 months in jail, depending on circumstances, motives etc. You get sentenced to 6 months, but believe the punishment is too harsh. You appeal from the sentence and the court agrees with you and shortens your sentence to 3 months. Now let's imagine the punishments for breaking the transfer policies for a club would be 1 or 2 transfer windows. Chelsea get 2. They might appeal, saying the case is not as major asking for 1. In worst case scenario the sentence is upheld so you're left with 2 windows ban regardless and you really have nothing to lose fielding an appeal. At this point it all comes down to how strong evidence the club does have to justify the appeal. If they are descent enough, then we can have the ban shortened to 1. If not, then the decision is upheld. **However**, if the club are not sure the appeal could be successful and ask for transfer ban delay then the court may think "Ok these people have absolutely no valid reason for a successful appeal and want the ban to be delayed anyways? They are trying to avoid the punishment, which is another offense". Hence why asking for delay could be seen as trying to avoid the ban there is a risk of getting additional window on top of the 2 we have now.
It's not like we didn't have several articles now at least explaining why club might not try to apply for transfer ban delay
&gt;Emerson didn’t want to leave Chelsea so Juventus couldn’t get Sarri subscribe
So what?
&gt; What job does Willian get done , exactly? &gt;The difference is, for Giroud I actually can see what he puts into the team outside of sheer numbers, for Willian I still fail to notice that...
tier COMUNICADO OFICIAL
Yep, he signed in summer 2012 after our CL winning season
hardly believe they would provide such details to the random person...
80m offer for Willian incoming
[My reaction when reading this](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WAsA2nU6TDs)
Be prepared for some nostalgia there as well as some of the legendary players are likely to retire quite soon I guess (Federer, Nadal, S. Williams etc.)
Love how any player that happens to do something not exactly according to club's will is suddenly a drama queen, creates "player power" issues etc. Where was the player power blaming when the "old guard" forced AVB sack? Somehow no one mentions that one, putting those players as a prime example of professionalism.
I only wonder what kind of deal are we making with Juve that we allow him to leave, and not force Juve to buy out his contract
1. We were not transfer banned for FFP violations 2. You don't know how FFP works
How do you know that Azeroth has equal population of males and females?
So you're asking for not accurate lore? Witcher's universe was mostly based on central and eastern Europe and settled in middle ages. There were hardly any gender equality there and hardly any ethnic minorities.
Most of the countries, if you get married, it would become ownership of both, unless you sign a marriage contract that would specify that it's his only.
Hence why you can sign contract. I don't find it dumb though, I tihkn it's pretty common in Europe.
How is that any excuse? There should be no instance where players are allowed to run the club. Period.
Exactly
&gt;Chelsea are not going to challenge for the title for next 3 years unless there is a complete overhaul under a long term manager next summer. This can be said about pretty any other top 6 club apart from Liverpool and City. They are simply that better.
Together with 15 other teams in PL
If banners are meant to be taken down for players who are not playing for Chelsea anymore but different club (but not yet retired), then I see no difference. Whether it's Hazard, Drogba, Lampard or anyone else.
IF he was, but he wasn't, hence he wanted to leave.
Real is really no different than Galata in terms of being rivals for us. We can only meet up in CL, and as a matter of fact I don't think it happened once in the last 15 years actually. We played only 1 friendly if I remember right.
But Im mentioning how the 2 clubs compare being rivals to us. Not discussing players' motives
yea, that would be actually an accurate description of Brzęczek - Polish Tony Pulis
I play dota version instead, but thanks anways.
Unless you play him next to Kante as b2b + Jorginho
what's the point then
Marcel Keizer
ikr, such a bad player...
Profit on sales? Like we did with roughly 151252152 other players? The player can still improve but not to the point where he is good enough to play for us.
Courier dies: it wasnt just a courier. It was John Wick's courier
J.Cole is techically not back at Cobham since he was here for whole season being youth coach
original content, never seen this interaction before...
apart from agressive pop-ups it doesn't look to bad, seen many similar one for some lesser news websites
[Benitez...](http://weknowmemes.com/wp-content/uploads/2014/01/you-must-be-truly-desperate-to-come-to-me-for-help.jpg)
I have nothing against Benitez, actually think he is still a very good manager and respect him for the fact that considering his CV he still took the job with Newcastle at Championship level. But our fans would give him hell, so this wouldn't ever work out I guess.
&gt;You say that as if he should've been our permanent manager but you're annoyed the fans prevented it I say it as if you only considered his managerial abilities he would be a very decent choice as Chelsea manager. But if you consider other factors, not so much because of how must stick he would receive from the fans...
It might shock you but our beliefs are not inherited by birth...
I will gladly explain, please tell me what you don't understand in the comment.
He might not be an option at all. But it's just too easy to link him to the club knowing he comes from a team that is great at developing youth and that after this season there might be not much left of the Ajax he built. Afaik Juve and Barca were asking about him before and he stated he wants to remain at Ajax.
So what are you suggesting here is taking someone more or less anonymous. How do you assess his competence then?
inb4 Sarri surprisingly announce as Milan manager, not Juve
&gt;And I wouldn't call a manager in the middle of Premier League/La Liga/Bundesliga etc., or a top club in Portugal/Netherlands etc. "anonymous". Except the name of such managers are being linked with us too. There were already rumours of us being interested in NES or Gracia. The article OP posted mentions Ten Hag. To me these names are the ones that are obvious, since there's nearly no top-shelf managers available right now bar Allegri and Blanc maybe. (not mentioning Mourinho because I can't even see this happening). EDIT: To further extend on that. I believe that Chelsea needs exactly to look among these mid-table teams managers who do well and are seen as a prospect simply because we've run out of options for the ones from the very top. We had everyone really...
What would you think about Marcel Keizer?
City are just something else...
Official HS Rulebook next please
I started playing not so long ago and for me DAC came in very natural since I had over 5k hours spend on playing Dota in the past. Was easier to me to memorize on the pieces, their skills, races, classes etc. Would want to stick to Dota if possible. Just gives me that additional flavour.
is this an /s comment or are you for real?
Hope you realize that in majority users pay attention to apps permissions just as much as they do to EULAs, Terms&amp;Service etc when installing apps. Means none attention.
And?
There have been some reports not so long ago, so why is that strange? No matter how reliable they are, someone is trying their chance on that.
It's not exactly strange as you really shouldn't make up anything off that, apart from Lamps being the clear favourite. But we know that already. All of the others are more or less a guesses at this point or just someone making bets on specific names and bookies catching up on that.
According to bookies, which means fuck all tbh. Seriously. Yesterday we had reports of him being linked, bookies caught up on that, someone possibly bet some money on that, connect the dots.
That would be Federer, Tiger Woods and LeBron actually, as they are the three with most earnings through endorsements.
We learn from neither.
Seems you have replied to wrong comment, sir
Because there are other investigations that are ongoing as well and CAS simply won't be able to do all of them at once.
&gt;Then who decides what counts as a goal scoring chance? The referee obviously. It's the same case as giving cards for fouls. There's a rule saying that if a foul is denying a clear goal scoring chance it's a red, no matter how soft the foul is. Who decides if it's a goal scoring chance? The referee.
Likely the 2nd option. The appeal is not to give a new sentence in the meaning of "guilty or not guilty". We've been found guilty and nothing is changing that. The question is only if 2 windows ban is appropriate punishment for that.
Damn man, you really should send your CV to the club. You obviously have superior and more insightful strategic knowledge.
Probably they only get informed on the final verdict. CAS in this case are reviewing, let's call that, a thought process behind the decision from FIFA on whether the punishment they gave was fair or was it too much. So I believe no parties will be adding any more evidence or remarks on top of anything that there is so far.
United away to begin with, wow.
hopefully we can take advantage of United with Ole at the wheel
I would love to, but we're transfer banned unfortunately... :(
[You were asking for that](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_p73PZIDQuA)
Can't tell if particularly good or bad, but an interesting option for sure
What stops you from streaming that on your TV as well? And you flick through channels on your phone for instance, instead of remote.
This. I've spent last few weeks in Germany. DAZN is great for sports.
PetroLUL
He's not legally a player of that team if he's not registered with that. Apart from that if you could loan out players during transfer ban then this is exactly what would Barca do with Arda Turan some time ago, or what Atletico Madrid would do with Diego Costa last year.
&gt;every title around the world Yeah I think we would have a good shot at Polish Ekstraklasa...
Wasn't Vitolo case like much more complicated? It was more like Atletico gave him money so he can buy out his contract with Sevilla, technically becoming a free agent, joined Las Palmas for 6 months contract and then was actually bought by Atletico on permanent? That's why Sevilla went to court with Atletico over that, no? EDIT: As for the clear sources. I'm currently in the office so while I can respond to comments here and there I don't quite have time to go through all the rules and documents at the moment. Will try to look into that once I'm at home today.
Put EURO/COPA as NT domestic cup for your continent, but not do the same for club domestic cups in different countries...
Technical director cares more about a club as a brand and sporting director is responsible for well, area of sports?
Trust me, fielding a team of 11 Bakayokos from a last year's match vs Watford would be more than enough to win Polish league...
I know man, I'm Legia's season ticket holder
nervous rather
Bye
&gt;Ffs we should of kept him Juventus are buying out his contract, how do you want to make sure he stays?
Captain America will!
Maybe there just wasn't an official approach made yet. Doesn't mean there are no talks ongoing.
&gt;Watches worth 80.000 euro have been taken. So they just stole one watch?
[Here we go!](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7VvkXA6xpqI)
How much is the battlepass actually? I have over 5k hours on steam in Dota 2 (and that is before I started playing autochess). Been not playing for 2-3 years now at least, but always tuning in for TI. Might want to put some of my money on anways.
found Lampard's reddit account!
&gt;~~especially~~ only regarding outgoing deals ftfy
1/10 of Drinkwater
how Sarri was going to be sacked, lol?
just because fans asked for sack doesn't mean the club would do it, there was only some rumours of Sarri sack by club at the beginning of the year when we had a bad period of games
i mean we were outside of top 4 and he was not sacked
Where's Pedulla with his 48 hours when you need him most?
I partially agree on that. But on the other hand, just because someone has more managerial experience doesn't exactly mean he's more qualified for the job.
So he will become our manager in 2042?
I actually rather mean that for a footballer, you would spend 80k on just one watch.
I don't know why are everyone fighting over De Ligt so much. He didn't even have 10 G+A this season. Not even worth mentioning
lol, can't even sign a janitor for the club's toilet
Actually by Giroud and Abraham
No, because it's pointless to assess it that way. 20 millions for Danny Drinkwater would the expected value of the player the moment we bought him. Instead we heavily overpaid for him.
Would be nice if you could somehow lock units from automatically combining. Sometimes it matter for when you want to use two 2 stars units and have 3rd one on the bench instead of using one 3 star unit.
Ceferin. More like Ceferout
That's not the point though, is it? Being skillful or not is not any factor of going to China. Money is the factor
Yeah, because it works kinda different in US. He may have rather low base wages but earns a lot more through additional bonuses, image rights etc.
&gt;It should matter to Icardi since he will play in a worse league AND make less money I think we already agreed on that it's not about playing in better or worse league and it's because money. And for the last few comments I'm trying to explain you that just because MLS doesn't offer high base wages, it doesn't mean they offer low earnings in general. The structure of those earnings is just different.
&gt; Russian dungeon gachiHYPER
This basically confirms it. Why doesn't it have "official" tag? PS. I actually still hope that that club secretly pulls out some masterclass, something more "out of nowhere" than Fabinho to Liverpool
What an amazing discovery Sky. Who would have though that after your contract expires, you leave the job you were at?!
&gt;And didn’t find it How could you miss the very top post on the main page?
Will it be possible to watch it over internet somewhere?
&gt;not HOF cards, just the Wild ones. HOF cards are Wild... Having said that, just play Wild.
FIFA 2004 legend
[And my vuvuzela!](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7B2LPxggvqY)
Tier 1
damn I think I'm getting too old now and my memory deceives me. I was sure he left in his 3rd season
Matt Barlow is quite decent for us I think.
&gt;I bet Derby's long term financial strategy is to make profits selling **ex Chelsea players as** managers to Chelsea. FTFY
[FULL SPEED AHEAD!](https://youtu.be/WKRVugb1eao?t=10)
I dont know. Im not a developer
I believe Carlo would want to incorporate James into midfield. So you would have like Allan and Zieliński pivot with James in front of them?
Lozano is a winger, isn't he?
What if Frank turns Danny into English Pirlo he secretly is?
Probably has to do something with it being a catholic holiday in specific. It's public holiday in Poland (where I live), Germany (not sure if whole country or specific lands, Bavaria for sure), Switzerland, Spain, Portugal and probably some others as well.
I didn't say he isn't
Props to him. He worked on his target for years sitting in lower leagues, before finally getting to Serie A, getting recognition in Empoli and Napoli. Then winning his first trophy with Chelsea and now getting the position at currently the best team in Italy. Just a great story of success if you ask me.
&gt; Just make sure you park in the right spot 🙈 In the box would be the right spot. Especially when driving the bus.
You don't need to watch him play for Chelsea to tell he is currently better player than CHO.
It's not like he exactly tried to change that
I would risk a statement that before last season started Mina looked better on paper than Zouma
Chelsea remind that they still remember about Stones and slam the door shut to any further negotiations over Kurt Zouma transfer.
&gt;Warrior is 1 in 3 and if feels awful to play minions against them. Bleh. overexaggerate so hard - Control Warrior is no more than 10% of meta, so how can it be 1 in 3? There are literally more popular decks in meta atm that you do not complain about
&gt;That would make it almost 15% warriors in total at all ranks and 20% at legend. This is till not 1 in 3
we will not, and not exactly because of transfer ban, but because of Sarri not being here anymore...
After watching Dark season 2 yesterday, 1986 seems like very specific year
does he buff C'thun? No? Then he doesn't count
I mean, for all the Legends making a return, Abramovich needs to be back as well!
Might be. But making just an appeal cost us nothing. Worst case scenario is that we are still banned for 2 windows. Apparently with enquiry to postpone this might be increased to 3 windows.
Guðjohnsen and Remy should be there as well.
How Oscar's choice was bad? He wanted to earn shitload of money and that's exactly what he's doing in China.
Overlapping with Arriola and drifting away from his position a lot though.
Buffon was on UEFA Team of the Year 2003, the longevity is crazy
Hotel? Trivago!
Because he has everything it takes to be one of the best.
Is Dr Cugat working with him? Didn't know that...
I mean, that would be exactly the point of this transfer for Barca, wouldn't it? Suarez seems to be declining so why not replace him with Salah to create a new deadly partnership with Messi?
He is not quite wrong though. Possession and passing stats alone mean nothing. You may have 5 times as much passes in the game as your opponent and as long as you do nothing out of it (create decent scoring chances) it's pointless. Meanwhile you got hit on the counter once and lose 0-1.
CK, Aba, Bat, DK, Troll Warlord, WD, Troll Shaman, Puck, Viper, Necro
Ecuador. I believe there was a time few years ago when their NT hold some impressive unbeaten at home record because of how other teams were not accustomed to different conditions which gave them an actual advantage.
the point is, it rather shouldn't be. Even distribution should be a way to go
Imagine being a player like RLC or Mason Mount and having Lamps and Ballack as your coaches
What do Wizards do?
The headline is so misleading over what's written in the article...
I don't quite think I've said such thing. If any, I would agree on Mount being more "drive for goal" midfielder and would do better in such role than Kova. But being midfielder is not only about G+A and in most other aspects Mateo is simply superior.
Slightly off the topic. Wasn't Law tier two on our guidelines? Was he promoted? On topic: We won't be spending anything this season anyways so 50m is fine. Transfers done before July 1st still won't count for the new FFP compliance period anyways.
So what? It's not about who breaks down the story first, it's about if the story you break down are true. Once some rumours appear, other journalist will look within their sources if that is true or not and if there are any more details to be added on that piece of information. Matt can often provide some valuable insights on stories, that's what makes him good
Because he couldn't displace Modric and Kroos in your team, lol
No, my comment was actually ironic as I'm trying to make the same point as you.
I think we simply we don't mind paying extra, as we're not spending money on anything else anyways, especially if the transfer is to be done before July 1st.
Morata was chased by both us and United at that time. Him and Lukaku were probably the best options on the market you could get then. Many said that he did pretty well both for Juve and Real as a sub and now he will finally had opportunity to shine as a starter striker. Bakayoko could be called as decent signing, coming from that talented Monaco squad.
It's almost like club scouts and other staff are better on assessing players' talent than people on reddit.
I see no reason why we would sell him this season, or even allow to go on loan. We only have Luiz, Christensen and Rudi as first team CB at the moment and the last one is still injured.
Azpi is not a CB, not in 2 CB system. Tomori and Miazga are not good enough. Ampadu might be an option but seems like he fits midfield more than CB.
Yep
or rather a "we won't be spending that money on anyone else anyways while it doesn't hit our FFP compliance for next season"
Nope. Next question.
[schn1 schn4 schn4pp1](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8FjywBCv_8E)
Or that he takes a number from another player that could leave.
might not be the case considering we have only 2 days left to finalize the deal for Kova
ah, the oldschool way. The times where while playing Priest mirror the first one to play Ysera would probably lose as it gets stolen right after.
Nah, you will still need like half a year to make sure that AWB is actually better than Young.
Willie, can you not wait just one more year before moving to London?
A szkoda, bo uważam, że tematyka akurat jest warta uwagi. I ze znanych mi przpyadków (historii znajomych itp), faktycznie można zaryzykować stwierdzenie, że w kwestiach przyznania praw rodzicielskich matki sa faworyzowane. Chociaż w ógolnym rozrachunku może być inaczej. Jeżeli ktoś jest w stanie przestawić konretne dane/argumenty aby obalić to stwierdzenie to z chęcią się z nimi zapoznam.
You sold him for 66m not 80. That's still a lot though. It would actually be a miracle if we are able to recoup nearly the whole sum on deal with Atletico. Afaik they need to pay 7m per season of loan and 50m if they want him on permanent.
He would probably go back to Italy at this point. Dunno who would be able to take him there.
&gt;why dont give chances to Mount to develop because these events are not mutually exclusive?
I mean, it's not like it was a secret anyways...
It's more like Sarri system suited him, but not exactly the position he played most of the time. He would turn out much better at RCM or DM, but then we have Jorgi and Kante for these roles.
1. Why didn't you just link the tweet? 2. Isn't 1st of July too late for Kova transfer as he is registered only till June 30th?
Actually, when you read more to that it says "78% of all goals scored were disallowed" so the other 22% would be goals correctly scored. Then it makes even less sense.
and then get banned again for not staying compliant with FFP once more?
So far with all the players linked with you seems like you might.
&gt;seems like you might
I'm not even implying so.
This doesn't sound like ADL at all
They executed the penalties better so I guess they did deserve.
It's funny that you say it now that Big Priest is declining in Wild. It starts to become very all on aggro/tempo at the moment with Odd Paladin, Odd Rogue, Murloc Shaman and Quest Tempo Mage.
I'm quite sure SAF loves his horses more than Rooney loves SAF's horses. After all they are his horses and not Rooney's
Literally these 2 words have different meaning per se. I knew you always spoken different kind of English, but not that much...
Wait a year, come to us. Problem solved.
How is that any sign on re-signing? FYI he's recovering from a heavy injury, so if any it might be hinting at good recovery.
also the only one not to use English as native language in the club
How is it different from Wild where majority of matchups are Big Priest, Odd Paladin and Tempo Mage, with Murloc Shaman appearing here and there? If you don't like this particular meta, sure I get that. Go back to wild for one more month and there will be new expansion ready.
Except I have zero clue who has overhyped him? Barely any of our fans was for this transfer.
As mentioned above, the reward is you can have that power spike much earlier and it costs you less gold which you can use on other units. This is a different take on what DAC have for Druids being a "budget" alliance.
I can hear Soviet anthem playing in the background while reading this comment
Hazard counts for 18/19 since it was done pre June 30
Hazard happened pre June 30 though
doesn't matter, that's not how you account financial results EDIT: I would actually expect that they wanted to pay up front, since Madrid also did some accounting shenanigans last summer so they could spend a lot for the players. That's why they were pushing for some transfers to happen pre June 30 and do others after.
thx for clearing that up!
Kepa won us 1 point EDIT: Also, to the guy who posted about our 9 out of 9 wins stat against Brighton: FUCK YOU!
back to "top 4 is lava" theme I see
&gt;r9 Now this is some thicc boi
As a Pole, I can tell you there is quality. What really fails is the management side of the clubs in general. The training methods, the academies and so on - this is the biggest struggle for the Polish league. This is also related to the fact that barely anyone wants to invest into football in Poland clubs need to care about being sustainable more than achieving success. Therefore, whenever there are some talented players they use to sell them easily and for little money. Players of similar caliber from other leagues would go for so much more compared to Polish. The biggest amount paid for Polish players from Polish clubs is 6m for Lech Poznan for Bednarek. The same type of player with the same level of talent would go for at least twice as much in other leagues. The biggest success for Polish players come when they leave as teenagers for Western academies where they can actually be properly taught how to play football.
Ye, except he doesn't score important goals.
by the looks of it that hardly was a 4-3-3
I mean, there's a much different set of players in Chelsea than there is in BVB so you can never tell. Both players can play on both sides so I see no reasons why would that not work.
That's interesting thing you say considering that Sancho played on the left side the most in his career.
bs
What do you thing of VAR changes proposed by UEFA? (for those who don't know, a 12 cm margin of error for offside calls)
It's first refusal, not buyback clause
Yes, this is how wide the lines on the pitch are. So that would mean there would be a margin of error the size of a pitch line when deciding offsides on VAR.
&gt;The b~~o~~**a**ld one
he does, yeah.
It's January 3rd and I'm already tired of some of these rumours. It was so much better when we were banned...
&gt;Ludzie przeniosą się na Orlen, Circle K itd. Myślę, że tylko w sytuacjach kiedy by kogoś bardzo przycisnęło, inaczej mało kto będzie robił zakupy za 100% większe ceny.
I mean, if you cannot see a 12 cm offside, then you need to have your eyes checked.
Just go back to an example I've given a comment above. I've given an example on how could that work in practice. If you compare to views - regular one with the 12 cm one I believe you would be able to easily tell the difference and see if it was off or not.
&gt;Maybe I've misunderstood you - but if you have to use a 12cm line, wouldn't you have to accept everything under 12cm as "not offside"? I've proposed you would only use the line in situations where you cannot tell at the initial check, not for every offside.
I'm more curious why hasn't Pulisic played on RW for us. It's his nominal position after all. And then we would have Willian on left, where he is more dangerous as well.
What's confusing about it?
Alonso is hardly a week spot for as long as we play 3 at the back. But he can't really play LB and in that case Emerson is not really doing better either.
well, because they are
Too bad we have no one wearing 76
That would certainly be a story for Lazio to win the league, considering how people were only really considering Inter and Juve to do it (and initially Napoli to some degree)
On this day two years ago, Barca bought Coutinho from Liverpool for 1879647500 bolivars which Liverpool re-invested and bought Van Dijk and Allison for 1876651250 bolivars.
Only gets it done in one country.
Watford vs Wolves
Didn't he play MTG somewhere in the past? I believe he did. Even in the old days he had Resto Angel art as his profile pic on twitch
I'm somehow sure that we will pull the trigger on Ake. Only the matter he would want to come back to club.
and his staff
what even is this article...
I never said so...
That both the club and the manager were at fault
You got the last part wrong. Matic wanted to reunite with Mourinho.
Like who? Milan supposedly wanted even more for Donnarumma. Alisson wasn't really cheaper either. And please don't tell me that Schmeichel is the level of Kepa, because he isn't.
We offered him new contract, lol.
&gt;Terry is going to fuck his ~~day~~ wife up if he doesn't shape up sorry ^I ^^had ^^^to...
&gt;In comparison to Bats- Michy has 42 goals in 122 appearances in the last 5 seasons. Piatek has scored 66 in 125. 4 of those seasons was in Poland for Piątek, and Ekstraklasa is pretty much a rock bottom of football in Europe, you hardly need to be good to succeed there
In which Higuain is the tortoise. He may have not netted the highest amount of goals, but definitely ended up in the past place being an integral part of Juve's team again.
Nowhere I said that the club wasn't at fault. Both sides were.
that's usually any good player, not only Messi
yes Bournemouth are a rival premier league club
They are interested in Demiral because Evans is 32 and Morgan are 35
*Ed Woodward has entered the chat*
&gt;Does not imply ofcourse we buy him and loan him back to Dortmund :) It doesn't make sense for Dortmund though.
Honestly I don't know who this Pepe Sierra guy is, but that doesn't sound like a terrible deal.
How is that bad example? You are saying that we have no players with good amount of penalty box passes which is not true. The fact that they also contribute to progressive passing into final third actually speaks in their favor on top of that.
&gt;I'm quite surprised at seeing Zaha as high up in the "passes into box" statistics Tbh there is really nothing to be surprised about. He is a very direct player and actually a good one. I honestly have no idea where the narrative has came from that he is not a good player. He would do well for us. The only problem is that the pricetag is not justified.
He looked into 14 million futures...
&gt;tomorrow Who are you and what have you done to Pedulla and his 48 hours?
&gt;His tactics cost him the game against Chelsea not quite, Arsenal were looking fairly well against us it came down to defensive mistakes more than bad tactics and Lampard actually turning the game with his subs too.
[I know](https://old.reddit.com/r/soccer/comments/elssyh/thomas_m%C3%BCller_on_differences_between_flick_and/fdjytyi/)
dye his hair white and he might as well be
&gt;For those talking about buying and loaning. It worked at Dortmund cuz Pulisic was on the bench and had 1 year left on his contract. Also because we were pretty much the only club in for him.
&gt;I'm very concerned about the lack of rumours for a new left back. Possibly not a target for winter.
&gt;I'm not sure Koeman would be the greatest fit for Barça Barca DNA
but it's built from a sword!
r/whooosh
Yea, what a stupid move that was, spending 30m on guy who was in top 5 of best defenders in PL in the last 2 seasons.
Not today, I don't wanna start a long ass discussion on this topic...
Łukasz
Looked like Willian actually wanted to go for a dive but luckily Lowton slid into his legs
He just cares about Australia
&gt;we have the most matches per season. In the league or overall? I think England may have more considering you have 2 domestic cups. Still, Vidal played in Spain, Italy and Germany.
He is to be a core player for the team for years to come
Why it made no sense? We couldn't sign any senior players.
Sure, but what benefit you have from promoting a 16 year old to first team?
[Here](https://www.euronews.com/2019/05/08/chelsea-lose-transfer-ban-appeal-but-can-register-minor-players-fifa) &gt;“This ban applied to the club as a whole – with the exception of the women’s and futsal teams – and did not prevent the release of players.” &gt;But FIFA’s Appeal Committee decided the club can still sign players under the age of 16 as they concluded imposing a ban on registering each and every minor “would not be proportionate to the offence committed”.
Not exactly. The term "sign" is kinda misleading here because it implies a contract. The ban prevented us from registering players, but we were still allowed to register minors. At the same time we could actually sign contracts with players. It's just that they would not be able to play for us until the ban is over, since we were not able to register them for the team.
I miss the times where no more than 10 millions would get you a rock solid defender for years.
Legia legend
The moment I read the title, I knew who this thread is about
Fabrizio Romano just reported that Gedson Fernandes goes to Spurs. The same 18 month loan, but with an option (not obligation) to buy.
Or he plays well for 18 months and Spurs buy him?
If they can address their issues in current window, I can see them maintaining their place without much trouble.
and worth every penny of it, but yeah you have a point
Still cannot understand how come are BMW not Bayern's sponsor.
Sancho will end up in Bayern which will cause a huge backlash of BVB fans over selling another player to Munich.
Yerba mate for my daily dose of caffeine.
Is it not? He was our rumoured transfer target.
&gt; Just me or this sound like prostitution? Well it is prostitution either way. There's nothing wrong in prostitution per se. What would be wrong is the case you described of being forced into it.
so hot for old players
&gt; underpaying/mistreating employees, etc. Where is this legal though? As for prostitution. If a woman or man wants to offer having sex with you in return for money, this is just the same transaction as any other. IT's like you go for a massage, except the service is more intimate of course. But as long as it's consensual and there are clear rules set, it's fine.
But you may be pretty much your own boss in here, set your own rules and boundaries. Provide your services on your own terms.
also antisemitism ended Ruben (to some degree)
Next decade? Probably some kids who are like 8 years old at the moment...
hardly anyone claimed he is better than Courtois though. Except for sheer distribution and ball playing skills maybe...
Yes, because he was shit initially. Still didn't mean that he isn't better than Kepa.
damn, Danny Drinkwater, the proper Chels
Silencer aghs is not useless. It may not be the most powerful upgrade but it can have it's use. Note that Global Silence is a big cooldown and your opponent will likely play around it and try to fight when it's on cd. During those fights, AoE last word will allow you to screw up with few enemies and block or delay their key spells.
KGB at work
we can even give them the stadium in exchange for San Siro
I know and it makes me sad. Such a great stadium.
essentially nothing if you were using common sense before
[Good, Tammy... good...](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jZ6nF6JKtRc)
One needs to understand that we hardly have another midfielder with similar characteristics in our squad and hence why Lampard uses Mount so much. Setting up a midfield of like Kova-Jorgi-Kante just creates the same issue we had under Sarri, there's not enough drive on goal in there. At the same time with injuriy of Pulisic we can't afford to use him as CAM with a double pivot midfield. Yes, there's also Barkley, but he's been so unreliable through the season (although he done well in the last 2 matches). So the problem is not Lampard favoring Mount so much, the problem is lack of depth in the squad.
CL of course. Hate them or not, Liverpool are just a joy to watch at the moment and you have to give respect to them. Klopp really created a super well oiled machine. And if it wasn't for that one United game, they really look like they not only could go invincibles but could have achieved a perfect league run (38-0-0)
there's pretty no point comparing the wages after tax considering the taxes are different in England and France - afaik the ones in France are hella high.
&gt;and still is I would actually argue on that. Higuain is doing so much better this season than Cavani is
Luiz is not even trying to get the ball there.
I mean, I could see some of the fans being pissed off when he initially signed new contract (also a precedent to give him 2 years for 30+ player), said he will do everything for the best of the club and then fucks off to rival the second he hears he is not going to be a 1st choice.
WTFFFF NEWCASTLE?! 2:2
you have not really seen us play recently, have you?
they do not have youth league like we do in England, so they loan players to they can get any playtime.
They've just scored their first PL goals since a month...
Won't do shit without transfers, and Levy is a mean fucker. So he can only succeed if the players hit a good run of form just like Alli did initially or Lo Celso just now. And they are without Kane.
Get Rob Green as your staff member
He wanted to give out examples of teams who have good backup strikers. But actually failed miserably because Michy is terribly poor.
Unless he prefers not to speak.
Incorrect. The main reason is Inter actually, who hoped to ship off Politano to Roma first and then replace him with Giroud.
Woodward
Not really I would say. Yes, there might be issues with the execution sometimes, but it's not really that Franks enforces it anyhow. It's just how football has evolved and most teams build their attacks starting from the defense line (at least among the top ones). The characteristics of modern defender have changed compared to like 10 years ago. And they are required to be more technically skilled and comfortable on the ball.
So Liverpool are not beating our record on goals conceded in one season.
that your defense is shit obviously /s
Most successful career? Falcao hands down. The titles and individual awards he won with Porto and Atletico are second to none among this grouo of players.
would argue Falcao is the most decorated
He is ex Legia Warsaw player
16-17 years old is not the loan army but one of the most succesful youth teams in Europe
don't forget Sneijder!
Really rooting for this guy. He is the biggest hope of becoming the next great Polish keeper.
[sigh](https://static2.fjcdn.com/comments/Mustangsvoo+used+roll+picture+mustangsvoo+rolled+image+if+he+can+fit+_c5a2ec4608fd82fad2899a8d33ecdb13.png)
the shits from Spurs they bought his flight...
[this sums up his spell with Milan](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QJHUbtR0yI8)
&gt;They also look like signing Piatek. not unless he sees the light
It is. The previous record was 6m for Bednarek. However I still claim that Polish clubs don't know how to sell their players. If that was a talented player from other regions of Europe, he would go for more. Even if you consider Poland, Legia has reputation of producing great keepers - Boruc, Fabiański, Szczęsny. Could easily use that to their benefit to drive the price higher.
Winter transfer windows like the good chain transfers. 2 years ago it was Giroud-Auba-Bats A year ago it was Higuain-Morata-Piątek Now we have Gabigol-Eriksen-Lo Celso and I believe it may not be the last one this month.
Gallas 2.0 though in wrong order
Wait what? Are you saying that Giroud should have never join Arsenal?
I don't want to make it about my club but... FFS, Spurs doing good deals in the winter, United is doing a very good deal with Fernandes and we are doing fuck all. Sure, I wasn't actually expecting Chelsea to finish top 4 this season, and would be fine if we just finished in top 6. But it's so dumb not to try to push for it now, considering our current position;
&gt;Looks like you're doing what we're doing and waiting for the summer window to proper deals instead. I would have nothing against that, if it wasn't for the fact that we have exactly 0 guarantee to land any of the deals we likely pursue in summer. Half of Europe will be after players like Werner or Sancho...
Our next 3 games are against Leicester, Spurs and United. So that will be deciding factor. We were struggling for the last few games and now Tammy is also injured. I could really see us putting top 4 to waste if we won't do even a single transfer.
I would say he's worth the money you are paying for him. Even if he only maintains like 50% of the goal contributions he did in Portugal over the last 3 seasons, then he still we be a great asset.
I mean, we could actually make use of the same transfers that Spurs or United are doing, especially that they are not exactly short-term fixes considering their age.
Monaco fans, how likely is he to see regular play?
well, Kalou turns 35 this year...
F
You really want to go in for 34 years old Kalou?
we did block that transfer though, because we would end up with 1 striker without replacement
This is after the Giroud-Bats-Auba thing happen. Pointing out to a different deal than I did.
But why would we want Mertens in summer?
Probably not, but it's not the first time I hear about some law in China being bypassed in some trivial way.
he supposedly also has an agreement with Lazio in place already
If I ever see anybody mentioning "Marina masterclass" in the near future, I will remind him every transfer story of ours from this transfer window...
Players like Gabigol or Paco Alcacer would be well enough as backups and available for below 30 million. Even Piątek could be worth the risk. (although personally the only reason I would like to see him at Chelsea is because he's Polish). Mertens as backup would be another solid option, had we actually acted on the transfer quicker and not on the last days. Werner will be chased by like half of Europe and we have 0 leverage over many clubs that will also be in for him. We also don't really need a new 1st choice striker. We need a backup for when Tammy can't play or we simply need more firepower to close games - our summer plans for big targets should not be focusing on that position at all.
No. It's just common sense
So what are the realistic options left? 1. Miraculous attempt for Napoli to let Mertens go? 2. Another miracle that Cavani really wants to force the move and will agree to take a cut on his wages? 3. Willian Jose from Real Sociedad - currently linked with Tottenham at 25 m fee? 4. Islam Slimani who apparently wants out of Monaco? 5. Trying to bring in someone from China who are currently in pre-season? 6. Big Nige?
Not true. Atletico got Carrasco for instance
so there's still 5% hope
you know the funny thing is that Grealish would walk into your midfield
not even 3 Drinkwaters actually. 2 and a half
so it was not really the signing the was the problem, but his form. On the other hand though, anyone with common sense would expect that player might need some time to settle in the new club, especially if he came from a different league
yes
We don't know that. It's barely ever (not to say never) possible to fully heal this type of achilles injury. Just because you may not injure it again in your whole life doesn't mean you were able to fully heal it. There will always be some minimal functional deficit, which may or may not affect your performance. Even if it doesn't affect one's footballing career, may actually affect him years later.
That by no means says there is no permanent damage. He may be back to the very same form he was in before injury, but there's so much more to look at. You could say that that what I'm arguing now is semantics, but it's quite certain that there is some permanent damage to both CHO and RLC. But then you need to ask yourself the question what that could actually mean. As I mentioned in the comment above, coming back to previous form is not the only factor. The injury might as well affect player's development. Perhaps they will not be ever able to reach the same level they would had they stayed injury free. Perhaps it will make them more injury prone in the future, and it doesn't need to mean another torn tendon, but lesser injuries too. Perhaps that could be a limitation to the level of intensity they play on. Perhaps they will end up all fine as footballers but will end up on wheelchair by the age of 60 as years of overloading their legs together with the damage on the torn tendon will make them unable to walk.
Don't give a damn. But I do enjoy seeing them play atm. Haven't seen such a dominant side since Pep's Barca.
yes, Spurs failed to get replacement for Kane
I don't know which country you live in, but it sounds terrible that it's regulated for how many days a year you can be sick...
I really liked watching his father play, so why not? :) EDIT: Oh by the way there's one thing that might be problematic about him. Mino Raiola.
Nie w kontekście włożonych nakładów finansowych w ten projekt, gdyż by się nie zwróciły.
Actually as I do not have access to full article, I didn't know which one was meant and assumed Ousmane.
I tu wracamy do punktu wyjścia, że dawanie pieniędzy jako plan na prawidłową zastępowalność pokoleń jest chybiony, szczególnie jeżeli wkład jest większy niż zwrot.
A gdzie jest Biała Pięść albo Harjatugon?
But that really makes it one authopsy against the other? So how exactly do you tell which one is right and which is wrong?
We actually did sign Kovacic :)
We have money to spend (Hazard + Morata deals), we also have quite a few players coming and going. If Werner rumours are true then that surely means we will be looking to offload Bats, who could definitely bring us like 25 millions. My personal wet dream would be Werner + Havertz for the big deals and Tagliafico for LB. It's not that I don't rate Chilwell, I don't think the money is worth it and it's better to invest elsewhere.
The risk of Telles or Grimaldo is that while they are both really good offensively, there's still a chance of them leaving us exposed at the back and prone to conceding goals. Having such type of defender requires you to be organized in pressing and be fluent at winning the ball high up the pitch. If we were good at that, then honestly, we would do great with Alonso at LB too.
Like, if we also landed Havertz or Sancho I would just nut so hard I would drown in it.
&gt; His goal contribution is similar to Lewandowski. So is Werner's
r/whooosh
You still can use side shop though, read the notes...
They literally followed the rulebook, what's unsporty about it?
Does that mean Chilwell will be another Filipe Luis?
That actually helped! So it seems like the missions is worded incorrectly.
Van Ginkel probably didn't...
all depends on each loan contract
Forward doesn't exactly mean striker.
Havertz is nothing like the two, so that makes 0 sense.
Not aiming that exactly at you but there are quite some people in the comments who don't get that.
04/05 and 05/06 Total 90 obviously I have a big sentiment for that one - asked my mum to buy me one as a birthday present. Obviously knowing it's quite expensive I asked for a replica, but apparently I got the original one. Felt like a complete boss on the school playground when playing with friends after hours...
&gt;Costa's departure basically funded Morata's arrival Actually Morata's departure basically funded Morata's arrival
Keep in mind that we still paid for Kovacic during the ban. Also I believe Morata's money might not be counted in in here, since technically the transfer is happening after this season ends.
Tak, w Warszawie osobiście w dwóch knajpach brałem w czymś takim udział. Jedno to było jedzenia na czas (Barn Burger) a drugie to zjedzenie burgera z sosem z najostrzejszej papryczki na świecie (Loco Mexicano)
Absolutnie nie zrozumiałeś mojego punktu. Zwróć uwagę na osobę, która zamieściła tweeta, jaką partię (a zatem jakie poglądy) reprezentuje.
Yes.
Sugerujesz, że w Polsce nie ma problemów z rasizmem i ogólnie z nietolerancją?
Yes and no. Alonso is kinda the Inzaghi of LB. He might look out of place, but he actually gets shit done. His goal contribution is on par with the best full backs in the league over the last years.
Not entirely true. The "right of quote" is defined differently in each country. Some actually allow you to use a short fragment without needing the license.
Dunno who is that Results guy but I voted for him
Tak się zacząłem zastanawiać. Jaka jest szansa, że przy utrzymującym się trendzie wzrostowym za chwilę znowu powtórzy się cyrk z wyborami?
Rated the highest? Fabio Paim, he was literally seen as better CR7 in his youth.
the saddest thing about Drinkwater is that if we could land Barkley half a year earlier, that transfer would have most likely never happened
I want to stay sane and reasonable but the prospect of landing Werner and Havertz this window is making me nut so hard I'm almost drowned in jizz at the moment.
This is always such a stupid argument. No player ever has joined non-CL club over CL club...
&gt;How do they manage FFP? We manage FFP by: 1. Getting transfer banned 2. Selling players well (Hazard, Morata) 3. FFP restriction being slightly losened due to Covid 4. Doing well financially during pandemic.
Where have I said I support MU?
Yeah, and you clearly didn't get my joke...
Tyle, że to nie jest bzdura. &gt;From Middle English, from Old French sclave, from Medieval Latin sclāvus (“slave”), from Late Latin Sclāvus (“Slav”), because Slavs were often forced into slavery in the Middle Ages To widnieje pod etymologią w [Oxfordzkim słowniku języka angielskiego](https://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/slave_1). Oni też to wyssali z palca?
no
Pos 4 yes Pos 5 no
I mean hey, you could get the patchnotes like in Dota 2 where there was a note saying: &gt;All talents are now about 20% weaker Now go figure...
I don't think we ever had a German striker. We had German forwards in Marin and Schurrle tho. Overall, I believe there were very little Germans in general in Chelsea. Huth, Ballack, Rudi, Schurrle, Marin and that's kind it, think there was one more German midfielder in the early 2000s but I don't remember his name.
Comparing apples to oranges a little bit. Jorginho is different player than Fabregas is.
Good for him, glad he finally found his place
&gt;Or because the season isn't over? I mean, that exactly is one of the reasons...
That was the "option to buy" that they have agreed on when they signed the loan deal for him, decided not to excercise it, weren't even trying to negotiate for a lower price, went for a different striker instead.
r/intentionalporn
That's what she said
Well, when your manager is 60 years old chain smoker it's rather hard to get him involved. But on he other hand some older managers liked to get on the pitch too.
So what exactly would be the best signing for this position? Big Nige?
-novid in steam launch options
I mean, we can only discuss TTK when bullets land...
It was already all explained well why is he not announced yet.
&gt;Someone pls tell me why I still use 200gb of my hard drive for this shit show... Don't know. Why?
depends if we speak pounds or euros
Still there, and recent rumours has it we actually want to offer him an extension. Feel super sad for the guy, he actually was able to break into the first team initially but the injuries have destroyed him. Later on it seemed like he can at least rebuild himself at PSV (where he even was a captain afaik), and yet another injury happened.
Would gladly do if he was few years younger.
Great, then we have our new LB covered! Now we can spend on Havertz
We bought Pulisic before we sold Hazard, so not really...
That's not my point. We bought Pulisic in winter 2019, and sold Hazard in summer 2019.
jedna
Art 118. Konstytucji...
honestly I didn't even know he was loaned to Ajax
&gt;Coutinho (if we sign him) Didn't Bayern actually extend his loan by one more year? Or at least asked Barca to do so?
er/Polski na pewno, ale naszego kraju raczej nie
SO he scores 50 in 90 minutes, easy.
r/whooosh
Tak samo jak Hołownia czy Trzaskowski, co w tym złego?
Jako prezydent ma jeszcze inicjatywę ustawodawczą więc może zgłosić projekt ustawy obniżającej podatki.
maybe because he also thinks BLM became the parody of itself already, same like #metoo EDIT: Yes, yes! Let the downvotes come!
Yes, does it make me not entitled to my opinion or something?
&gt; something your ancestors caused Damn, I wish I could go back in time then...
Man, I think you misunderstood me here. Never have I said that I don't agree with BLM purpose, I stated that in my opinion the movement is losing it's plot and is going to have a negative impact overall, just as #metoo had at the end of the day, which was meant to raise awareness of sexual harrasment topic, but instead resulted in men getting more alienated from women, e.g. employees reluctant to having 1on1 meetings with women in the office, senior men employees fearing of mentoring women etc.
Consideration as in "consider it done"?
[Overused joke, but can't help myself not laughing at this](https://imgur.com/J4OwREM)
&gt;Poza prawem veta w skrajnych sytuacjach. I takie veto byłoby cenne np. przy 2 mld dla TVP, bo wtedy te pieniądze miałyby chociaż szansę pójść na co innego, np na służbę zdrowia lub edukacje.
So after all he is injury prone player?
[Here](https://old.reddit.com/r/soccer/comments/hcl2ac/chelsea_are_desperate_to_offload_batshuayi/fvfp7dg/)
&gt;playing time, good wages, and a pretty decent project If that was exactly the case I don't see him having any business in leaving Naples
How many class left footed CB that would be available can you name?
W naszych szkołach uczy się outsourcowania zadań dla osób bardziej kompetentnych w danym zagadnieniu /s
to jest w sumie ciekawe, że jednocześnie daje rekordowo wysokie popracie Biedroniowi i Bosakowi
Where's our press guy when we need him?!
TIL, if woman is presented in sexual way, she deserves to be sexually harrased.
&gt;And expect Havertz to demand an even bigger wages, signing fee, and bonus. What concerns me more is that we are still in contract talks with Tammy...
Kante on 290k
Mesut Ozil, ladies and gentleman...
Today I had a showerthought that when it comes to our LB situation we'll take Kurzawa from PSG on free and call it a day. Not that I'm a fan of that move, just thought this could be a realistic scenario.
He was at around 200k
So basically same as COD.
Afaik, Bild mentioned in the article that 270k from Werner will be almost twice the Kante salary, which we know is not true, because Kante is our best earner at 290k actually.
Dunno what kind of bonuses that would have to be at 100k a week.
more or less, I think
It still creates a precedent of one player being on 40-50% more than the next best earner. THat is a huge gap, and that was my exact point on the previous comments.
&gt;kwarantanna domowa &gt;przekichane rozumiecie?
Not making a minimum wage, but you know... currency exchange rate exist :P I live in Poland, at the moment I earn around 4k PLN monthly (which is above average), which is less than 1k EUR.
Kante
&gt;I think you should go back to see what hapoened during #metoo and shove your stupid ideal right up your ass. I mean, actually he's making the same point in here that #metoo has backfired massively exactly because of a lot of accusations that weren't exactly true. And that people were quick to come to conclusions without much of an evidence. That being said, I AM NOT discrediting the accusations posted against number of people recently. I just find it silly that people are so quick to grab the pitchforks over just some words posted over twitter without knowing any more details.
Poprawcie mnie jeśli się mylę, ale Bosak nie mówi "nie" dla odejścia od węgla, tylko uważa, że nie jest ono możliwe w zakładanym przez UE terminie.
No nie wychodzi na jedno bo uważanie, że odejście od węgla w zasugerowanym przez UE terminie jest niemożliwe =/= twierdzenie, że powinniśmy kontynuować opierać gospodarkę energetyczną o węgiel.
To raczej stanowisko JKM, Brauna i innych Konfederacyjnych oszołomów, którzy są denialistami globalnego ocieplenia i kryzysu klimatycznego. Bosak temu nie przeczy, sugeruje zwiększenie udziału innych źródeł w energetyce tak jak OZE i energia atomowa, ale jednocześnie sugeruje, że nie jesteśmy w stanie odejść od węgla według takiego rozkładu jaki proponuje UE.
Milan were interested in him, no?
buy back clauses are no longer legal in Italy iirc
Think he might fall short behind Ighalo
&gt;if he'd cut his salary by around 80%. So still around 250k a week?
It says English first division, not PL in specific.
Italy was already mentioned by sub op
Ot chociażby zmniejszenie ilości posłów w sejmie o połowę, czy wprowadzenie zakazu uchwalania budżetu z deficytem.
Triggers me that every past TI is named after year and this one is named TI 10
And then TI Xs Max
Akurat ten zasilacz pod ten zestaw nie jest zły i nawet pokuszę się o stwierdzenie, że jest absolutnie wystarczający. Ale rozumiem argumentacje, ja też jestem fanem wrzucenia zasilacza nawet mocniejszego niż trzeba, bo to jednak najważniejszy element w komputerze.
&gt;ootsteps are so "noob friendly" now that you can hear them from near the other side of the map Meanwhile I can't ever hear anything for shit. Are there any specific settings that help to hear the footsteps better?
Not only the direct assists tell about player's ability on passing. Putting a smart pass to a winger into a free space who can then make a scoring chance out of it is just as valuable as a potential assist.
Currently using Razer Nari, and while it may not be the best headser in the world, I really didn't have similar trouble with CSGO or R6: Siege whatsoever
He got more mascular after the first season with us, where he was pretty much pushed left and right all the time
cant use buyback clause in italy
Oscar was playing shitton of games for us every season, including record 64 apps in 12/13 season
I think you put too much expectation in him. He is not meant to be the main guy. He is meant to be squad player and in this role he does really well. And the fact he only cost us so little while no occupying non-home grown spot makes the deal even better.
17/18 had us, United and Spurs in the semis. And a year before it was us, Spurs, Arsenal and City
Ja mimo wszystko uważam. żę elektorat Bosaka nie będzie tak nastawiony na Dude. Część z nich jest też bardzo anty-PIS, pytanie brzmi jak dużą część.
Zależy od tego czy jestem konfederatą, który większą wagę przywiązuje do spraw światopoglądowych czy gospodarczych.
[Tutaj](https://www.worldometers.info/) masz wszystko czego potrzebujesz 241,014 Seasonal flu deaths this year 504,952 Coronavirus deaths this year EDIT: Co do zarażeń to tutaj ciężko coś porównać bo mamy tutaj do czynienia z dwoma różnymi chorobami. W przypadku grypy nikt nie stosuje takich restrykcji jak przy COVID, ba, większość osób raczej nie boi się zachorować na grypę bo o tej chorobie wiemy już sporo, mamy dostępne szczepionki i masę leków. Druga sprawa to taka, że na grypę chorujemy nawet kilka razy rocznie, a w przypadku COVID na razie mamy zbyt małą liczbę przypadków osób które zapadły ponownie, by cokolwiek powiedzieć na ten temat.
Echo Sabre cost is fairly similar to Ultimate Orb and it gives more stats than it.
Because in history of football we never had an ex-player coach their rival, no?
Hey, that makes sense. We actually have our player coming back from loan to Ajax this window!
Wayne Bridge
https://bosak2020.pl/wp-content/uploads/Bosak2020_NowyPorzadek.pdf Przeczytaj powyższe, wtedy wszystko będziesz wiedział. Już po samym tytule powinna Ci się lampka zapalić.
ciągle tylko ten LOL i LOL a w Docie 2 naszego Nishy nikt nie doceni... :(
Of course there is a way, but rather unlikely.
Najłatwiej to chyba samemu zrobić, maksymalnie kilkanaście minut roboty. Potrzebujesz starty ser typu cheddar lub podobny, niesłodzone mleko skondensowane, z łyżkę mąki i przyprawy do smaku.
I personally consider Nizaar Kinsella T1 for us
Ale w dalszym ciągu musisz spełnić jakieś warunki dotyczące na przykład zamieszkania. W niemal każdym zachodnim kraju trzeba spędzić kilka lat, żeby otrzymać obywatelstwo. Także, my point still stands. Nie możesz dowolnie sobie wybrać obywatelstwa ot tak, w dalszym ciągu musisz mieć jakąś część wspólną z danym narodem. EDIT: Tak swoją drogą, to [tutaj](https://www.usa.gov/become-us-citizen) masz napisane: &gt;Meet certain eligibility requirements including being: &gt;At least 18 years old when you apply &gt;**Able to read, write, and speak basic English** &gt;A person of good moral character
&gt;Ludzie bez obywatelstwa, pracujący płacący podatki, są określani narodem Nigdzie nie spotkałem się z taką definicją, ale podaj źródło, może się jeszcze czegoś w życiu nauczę.
