The simplest explanation tends to be the right one. A) The Earth and all living things in it formed via the interaction of matter and energy under the influence of the physical laws we can test and confirm today. or B) A supernatural being who by definition cannot be detected, created the Earth and everything else with all its flaws such as earthquakes.
The guy who records it and puts it on TV.
I think you’re missing the point. It makes little sense to even punish this woman. She believed understandably that she could vote. All that was needed was for someone to explain to her why that’s not the case and what she needs to do if she wants to be able to vote at some future date. That would be a hell of a lot cheaper than putting her in prison. Instead, the prosecutor is using her as a tool to show he’s tough on voter fraud, something that in reality, rarely happens.
I’m sure there’s some voter fraud but studies show that the numbers are extraordinarily tiny.
I just don’t think it’s worth it. There’s very little voter fraud. The total cost to taxpayers to prosecute, hold for 8 years, appeals and the welfare that her children will be on not to mention whatever long term cost there is from her kids being without their mother for years, had got to be in the millions of dollars. If someone came to me and said they would stop a minuscule amount of voter fraud for say $2 million, I’d tell them to forget it. It’s not worth it. I’d rather they spend $2 million to make the voting system we have more reliable.
Being suspicious of people not in one’s tribe had survival benefit 10,000 years ago. Today it probably causes more harm than good.
I had one through my 20’s. It was a Word file and at the time, there was no password protection for Word so I gave it an obscure name and saved it in an obscure location. Of course this resulted in infrequent updates and it not getting transferred from one computer to the next. I was really bummed when I realized I had lost it. There had been times when I would read old entires and realize that I had forgotten that I had felt as I described in an entry. Years and years later, on my first child’s first day of kindergarten, I started a new journal. Many years later I discovered a journaling app called [Day One](https://dayoneapp.com/) which I now use for all my journaling. It syncs to a server so I can make entires on both my laptop and my phone which is really nice. My favorite feature, however, is that each day it reminds me of entires on that same day from previous years. It’s great to be reminded of events I hadn’t thought about in a long time.
That’s faulty logic. I’m comparing the total number of legitimate voters (like me) to the microscopic number of fraudulent voters. Collectively, legit voters of course make a difference. Collectively, fraudulent voters do not. There just aren’t enough of them.
No single vote makes a difference but we know that in the aggregate, votes of course matter. My point is that the studies on voter fraud have repeatedly shown that there’s very little of it. That’s not surprising because to pull it off in large enough numbers for it to result in a different outcome in any particular election would be extremely difficult. The taxpayer dollars spent on prosecuting and imprisoning this woman are not worth it. She made a mistake. There was no malice of forethought. She is no threat to society. It’s sheer stupidity that this ever went to trial at all. Punishing someone for an action they didn’t know was wrong but accept as wrong once educated to that affect, makes little sense.
Apparently I once got out of bed, went around to the other side and grabbed my then girlfriend’s arm and started mumbling numbers. She says she told me to go back to bed and I replied, “OK.” then went back to bed.
No, society. We need to get along more, not less.
Long ago we were a single tribe. We all looked the same, likely spoke a same language and shared mostly a single culture. Then we left Africa in waves heading off in different directions. Evolution resulted in different appearances and isolation resulted in different languages and cultures. Now we can communicate instantly across the global and travel quickly as well. We are moving towards a global society. Our cultures are mixing as are our languages and genes. Scientists suggest that eventually everyone will have dark brown hair, eyes and olive skin. There are those who are used to society being made up of people that are different in appearance, language and culture. That’s understandable but it’s not the future. We are going back to our roots whether we like it or not.
I was so disgusted by the bacon soda that I didn’t even see the ranch dressing flavor. Yuck!
Scientists have predicted what I said about all humans eventually having dark-hair and eyes with olive skin. There are fewer languages spoken today than at any time in the last 2000 years. You can see how cultures are mixing together and the Internet is accelerating this trend. Of the 1.4 billion people that speak English, only about 400 million speak it as their primary language. It doesn’t take a sociologist to see where things are headed.
I’m not passive about it at all. It’s not difficult to see what’s happening.
I can’t find it (it was long ago) however, here’s [one](http://www.wsj.com/articles/what-the-world-will-speak-in-2115-1420234648) predicting that in 100 years the number of spoken languages will have decreased by a factor of 10.
Why is it depressing? I personally found the idea enlightening after reading that book.
Well you are your brain and your brain makes choices. It’s just that there is no you that is independent of your brain and your brain is subject to cause and effect just like everything else in the universe. To me it’s kind of liberating. Everyone is doing the best they can. I still hold people accountable but I don’t get angry when they don’t meet my expectations unless of course if getting angry is the best way to change that.
Bravo. I wish you both a long, happy marriage that demonstrates to those around you that love can bridge the divide and bring people of different cultures together.
My friend marrying someone I knew wasn’t good for him. They divorced a few years later.
I’m Caucasian and was born in the US. My wife is Korean and was born in Korea though her family immigrated to the US when she was quite young. My in-laws still are very culturally Korean despite having lived more than half their lives in the US.
It is especially if you are the oldest son. My mother-in-law had her own Korean restaurant for 15 years and my wife learned to cook from her so she’s an excellent cook but especially so with Korean cuisine.
I agree we should not tolerate everything. There will always be some bad and I’m not a fan of moral relativism for example. That’s why I was talking about the aggregate. As for change, it’s going to happen because each new generation has a somewhat different perspective than the last. It’s like when I hear my friends say that music their kids listen to isn’t music. I always reply with, “You sound like your parents.” Cultures and societies change. If you could leap forward 1000 years, there would be a lot that would not be easy to get comfortable with because that’s a lot of time for norms to deviate from where they are today. In most cases it wouldn’t be objectively better or worse, just different.
I’m really lucky. Despite the fact that my in-laws have mostly stayed culturally Korean, they are great people. After a 3 hour interrogation, my father-in-law said, “Ok, that’s all my questions. You two should decide when you want to get married.” Basically, having survived that, I was a member of the family at that point. The wedding was just a formality. They are the best in-laws I could have ever hoped for. They have been very accepting of me and are the kind of people upon whom you can always count. I suspect OP’s case isn’t about *different* cultures but about different *castes* within a culture. If that’s true, it’s probably even a more difficult barrier to overcome than different cultures.
Are you two of the same culture but from different castes? Was that the barrier?
Oh you don’t know the half of it. There was so much going on in both of our lives at that time that, looking back, it seems like almost a miracle we met at all. If I fictionalized exactly what happened, no one would buy it. They’d all say, “Yeah but that doesn’t happen in real life.”
Koreans love to eat in a way I haven’t encountered in any other culture. Watch Korean dramas and it doesn’t matter what the premise is, there will almost be cooking, eating and talking about food worked in to a degree you just don’t see elsewhere.
Yes, I should have spent more time thinking about it before asking. My ignorance of Indian culture is showing. :)
Free will is not compatible with the cause and effect deterministic universe we see all around us. In quantum mechanics it’s said there are some things that are non-deterministic but I’ll bet if you ask a physicist that has really studied quantum mechanics, they’d admit that the more accurate description is that we can’t determine them. That doesn’t mean they are random. A blind person can’t determine the color of a piece of paper but that doesn’t change the fact that it has a color. It’s effectively non-deterministic for them but it nevertheless has a color.
Huh?
What problem does this solve? Ah. Use open source software as long as it meets the need. In other words, if it’s free or simply open source and it does the job, use that before paying for a solution. That’s certainly sensible.
Unless you have the resources, you are always dependent on someone. If you’re not at the mercy of a commerical software firm, then you are at the mercy of the team developing the open source software. If you can afford to pay developers then sure, you can fork it but Moët companies are not in the habit of doing that. They just need to solve a problem and get back to doing whatever it is they do for a living.
Because cultures aren’t about race. You can walk away from a culture but you can’t quit your race. You could say that thinking on culture is superior to another makes you a culturalist I suppose.
The only worthwhile part of that article was the last sentence: &gt;The question of whether it was sufficient to melt Nazi's faces was not addressed.
Alternate title: Two Jaguars playing with their food.
That is cool. My friend says that for all practical purposes the universe is not deterministic as we can’t track the state of every electron. He also says that we can’t conduct experiments that would prove the universe is deterministic either. Having said that, I don’t see how it could logically be anything it deterministic. Cause and effect can’t just stop working. Once you start suggesting that the universe produces some things at random, and that it’s not simply that you just don’t know the cause, you’re entering the realm of magic which is no more scientific than being unable to conduct experiments to resolve whether or not the universe is deterministic. I do accept that (at least with current technology) the universe is non-deterministic for all practical purposes. However, that does not mean it is. This goes back to my blind man analogy. Just because we can’t figure out the cause of this seemingly random behavior does not mean it truly is random. The best you can say is that it currently appears to be random. Still, I’d like to hear a good scientific explanation as to how the universe could produce anything at random.
I base my decisions in life on logic and reason. It therefore makes no sense to me to carve out a special place for religion simply because it might fulfill some need. I can’t believe in any religion for the same reasons I don’t believe in Santa Claus or the Loch Ness Monster: lack of evidence. It literally doesn’t make sense to believe in something for which there is no empirical evidence. The problem I see in society with believing anyway is that once you allow yourself to believe in a religion despite the lack of empirical evidence, you can choose to then believe in anything. For example, my brother-in-law was (supposedly) once an atheist but became a born again Christian, went back to school and is now a pastor at a church. Well, he now also keeps a little sticker over the camera lens of his iPhone as he’s convinced that the government might be watching. Of course he has no evidence of this but then he has no evidence of God either. Allowing religion in is, IMHO, like having an infection or virus of the mind. It may feel good to believe but it comes at a price. Humanity will continue to suffer until we eradicate the disease. I’m not suggesting we outlaw it or anything like that. What we should be doing is teaching children critical thinking, what it means to be skeptical and then not introducing religion to them until the age of 12 because anything before that is effectively brainwashing. These things would be a big improvement in primary education regardless but I do think they would accelerate the trend away from religion.
This is an excellent example of why we need to be teaching children critical thinking. That a large swath of citizens will deny science when it’s inconvenient is a significant problem. It’s like we are all in a lifeboat at sea and there’s clearly a hole in our boat. Water is flowing in and if we don’t do something about it, the boat is going to sink but half of us are pretending there is no hole and just keep paddling.
The birth of my daughter because even though I understood what was happening and why, it still seemed like a miracle. She’s going to be leaving for college next summer. The last nearly 18 years have really flown by. I wish I had been more keenly aware of that. I would have been less anxious for her to grow up and enjoyed those innocent childhood moments much more.
What is the benefit of your car’s catalytic converter? After all, you single, individual car isn’t polluting all that much. We can’t expect to improve air quality if the overwhelming majority of air pollution sources continue to pollute the air. So we require catalytic converters. As someone who grew up in Southern California in the late 60’s and 70’s, I can tell you that it has made a huge difference. I remember Smog Alert days for example. On those days if you went outside and took a deep breath, your lungs would hurt. Recycling is similar. Instead of the materials sitting in landfills, consuming an ever-increasing amount of space, and not being naturally recycled for thousands of years, we recycle them now. We also don’t have unlimited resources. We can run out. For example, we rely on helium for MRI machines but the planet is running out of it and converting hydrogen to helium is expensive. If we use our natural resources faster than they naturally replenish themselves, we are going to run out.
I’ll check it out. I realize that space and time are connected and hence the term spacetime. And I get that relativity means different observers can see different versions of the same event. I’m struggling to believe that the universe can produce anything in a truly random way. That seems like a cop out on the part of science. I can understand them saying that it appears be the random but almost certainly is not. Once you add true randomness, you’ve got something indistinguishable from magic.
It was an example. You have an impact on the Earth. Recycling is an easy way to do your part.
Agreed.
If you want an phone that will get major software updates for many years from a company that cares about your privacy, the iPhone is the *only* choice.
A friend posted this story on Facebook with the comment, “Travesty.” I read the article and while it didn’t the level of detail you provided, it wasn’t hard for me to see how the jury saw her as not a victim but someone who killed the man who hired him for the purposes of robbing him. It doesn’t often happen but women *can* be just as evil as men.
Blame them? No. However, they aren’t really solving the problem. I’d be looking for a solution the doesn’t trade one problem for another.
Given the danger of changing the past, I instead travel to the future where I make note of bad outcomes I can effect when I return to the present and of course jot down which stocks have grown the most in the intervening years as well.
Welcome to today’s edition of State the Obvious with your guest host Michael Cohen!
Given that OP said I could use it to change my own life, it would have to include a return journey. Otherwise, I’d be stuck in the past or future having changed the life of the me from that time period but not myself.
Because you have only one past that leads to your current state. Almost any change you make, no matter how insignificant it may seem, could lead to a different future. I can think of hundreds of examples where a slight change on my part of that of someone around me would have lead to a very different future for me. Now, in all those futures I imagine, I’m still alive but I might not be. Evolution lead to our current state. Make changes in the past and it could turn our differently. You could interfere with our evolution to the point where the human race itself would no longer exist in the present.
I’m not following you. Could you restate the question?
We may get our chance to find out. https://www.inquisitr.com/5210969/a-doctoral-student-has-published-intriguing-research-which-describes-a-very-simple-design-for-a-time-machine/
You are wasting your time. People with strongly held religious beliefs are not going to be swayed. In fact, quite the contrary. Psychology shows us that, when their strongly-held beliefs are challenged, most tend to double-down, believing even more strongly than before. Your best bet is with those that are not sure what they believe. They are actually looking for a reason to go one way or the other and thus will be open to your anti-religion arguments.
The Bible is littered with examples of immorality. From the one you listed to promoting slavery to telling parents to kill children who are disobedient. It’s not a good source upon which to base one’s moral compass.
Proving that there’s a subreddit for everything. :)
Because they evolved from land mammals that had limbs underneath. https://www.sciencefocus.com/nature/why-do-fish-have-vertical-tail-fins-and-whales-have-horizontal-ones/
Perhaps you could be more specific. How did Fortnite *ruin* gaming?
In all fairness to Fortnite, the micro transactions don’t improve your game meaning that you can’t buy better weapons or anything helpful. And Fortnite is a battle royale game. Haven’t you played any of the single player games? Horizon Zero Dawn, Far Cry, RDR2? Do they not have what you are looking for?
I wouldn’t base your assumptions on what you see in a Korean drama as they are written with difficultly and hardship in mind as plot devices.
Thinking about how to solve a problem can help. Praying in your head for someone else to solve your problem accomplishes nothing other than perhaps doubting your own worthiness or the existence of the entity to whom you are praying. While I would agree that in general atheists are less constrained, that does not seem to me to be a reason to leave one’s faith. The only reason that would make sense to me is that there’s insufficient evidence to believe that the entity that is typically the foundation of the religion actually exists at all. Because if they don’t, the entire thing is nothing more than a house of cards.
I believe the jury is still out on that one. It would be more accurate to say we can’t yet be sure.
Actually the data shows exactly the opposite. Countries where handguns are illegal have far [lower rates](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_countries_by_intentional_homicide_rate) of intentional homicide. The US is 5.34 whereas the UK is less than 2 and places like Japan and South Korea are under 1.
Having said that, there’s a LOT of evidence that suggests a significant genetic component. But again, we just don’t have enough evidence at this point. What I think we can say with confidence is that sexuality is a spectrum, that we each fall somewhere on it and that where we fall is in no way a choice.
I’ve lived in Austin since 1994, been to the Drafthouse a zillion times and had no idea they did this!
Right but it sounds like the Drafthouse does something special.
And this is why freedom of speech is so important. Is it really a benefit to society that a member of the public can not be critical of what a member of the royal family is wearing? Is it worth taxpayer dollars to launch an investigation and potentially arrest, have a trial and imprison a citizen over this? Royal families are not above criticism. If want to remain royal they’d better start understanding this.
And this is the dark stain of religious extremism.
Photons. They don’t age at all.
While the word *extreme* can mean atypical or unusual, it’s primary meaning is “reaching a high or very high degree.” Killing someone for making a statement seems to be a reaction best described as an extreme one compared to say, disagreeing with them.
And that’s the problem. They should be done in a separate thread, IMHO. I shouldn’t have to wait for the comment to appear to take my next action. I could post a comment and then leave that post to read another for example.
An entire nation. Actually, I’ll bet the entire nation doesn’t actually think this way but most go along with it, afraid to be the one that points out how crazy this is for fear of having that crazy then directed at themself.
Again, that something is unusual is the second definition of extreme. The primary is “reaching a high or the highest degree.” It doesn’t matter how many think it. Killing someone for exhibiting reason is extreme by definition.
My parents and I went out to dinner at a very nice restaurant. As we were about to be seated in the section that was outside on the street, my mom saw a couple at one of the tables with a small dog resting quietly under their table. She asked if she could pet the dog and after a nod from the owners, she gave it a scratch behind the ears. As our very nice dinner came to an end, we asked for the bill. I figured it would be about $150. The waiter said that a nice couple who preferred to remain anonymous had picked up our tab. Not having had a chance to thank them, I posted a thank you message that day on the local subreddit on the off chance one of them was a fellow redditor.
To whose [version of heaven](https://www.neatorama.com/2007/03/23/heaven-and-hell-according-to-various-religions/) are you referring?
If the Democratic-controlled House is smart, they will take a hard stand against playing fast and loose with taxpayer dollars and then play chicken with Trump on this shutdown. Let him shutdown the government and see how long he can last. It would be so easy for the Democrats in the House to say, “He promised to make Mexico pay for the wall. We can’t see wasting $5B in taxpayer dollars on a broken promise.”
That link goes nowhere. Can someone post a good one? I’m quite eager to hear about this.
I was able to find the company that is doing the clinical trials and read their paper on their research so I’m good.
It’s implied consent which is the argument she’d make.
You *can* but that doesn’t mean you *should*. You’re risking a pissed off grinding partner and that’s as far as it should go. Suing over this especially given you were basically dry-humping each other is ridiculous. Trump did it out of the blue with no implied consent. No jury is going to believe that you were ok with grinding but not ok with having her grabbing your dick. If you don’t like it, just tell her and leave it at that. Going to court over this seems ridiculous.
Was this before or after [she grabbed your dick](https://reddit.com/r/AskReddit/comments/a8ksmk/if_youre_grinding_with_a_girl_in_a_club_and_she/) while you were grinding on her at the club? :)
I’m struggling to believe either event actually happened. However, I’ll answer your question as the hypothetical that it almost certainly is. No, it’s not rape. She was conscious and presumably consented when you began and didn’t ask you to stop. Rape, when both people are adults, requires that one party not consent.
Don’t feed the troll. Look at OP’s account history. It’s 1 day old and filled with questions like this one. Oh and apparently OP is some kind of sex God and not a 13 year old virgin in real life.
Trolls aren’t always spotted immediately. Sometimes we have to wait until you guys return to your bridges before we figure out what you really are.
I have to admit that I never saw the other two but Breaking Bad is the best show I’ve ever seen.
Religion literally by definition is not rational.
The Chilis at 45th and Lamar is not to be missed.
Pong
Trump pulls out of Syria causing his Secretary of Defense to resign and gets applause from Putin. Which government does Trump really work for?
Clearly he’s dreaming of winning a Darwin Award.
Even if there were a way to collect, NK would just take that money out of services to their people. So effectively, the lawsuit would backfire: causing NK to be even more evil than it already is.
My fridge is connected to my reverse osmosis system so my fridge water is way better than tap water.
Wow. My sister had a kid at 17 (gave it up for adoption) and then another about a year later which she kept. Now she’s 52 and has 3 grandchildren. I saw how hard it was to raise a kid as a single parent. Bravo to you for being as responsible as you were at such a young age.
Do yourself and your relatives a favor and don’t engage them in religious debate. It might make you feel good but it’s not going to endear you to them nor will you convince them of anything. In fact, psychological studies show us that it has the exact opposite effect. They actually double down and believe their religious mythology even more strongly. I’m an atheist (as my Reddit history will attest) and I’ve learned that the only people worth trying to convince are those that are already on the fence about what they believe.
I believe our system does that but I’ll check with my water guy.
Coleman replied, “Do you still think you’re fit to be President? Because you’re marginal at best, right?”
Yes but the joke works better that way. I guess I could have said, “You’re not even marginal...”
Not in December or anywhere close, if he existed at all. December 25th was co-opted from a Roman holiday.
Wow. I truly feel sorry for you given that you seem to be so preoccupied with the need to judge others. No one chose their genetics, their parents, nor the circumstances in which they grew up and yet these factors have enormous influence over who we become as adults. In short, everyone is making the best decisions they are capable of making so perhaps you could find it in your heart to extend a little sympathy to those who don’t have it as good as you do. Remember that Jesus said we should turn the other cheek and love our enemies. While The Bible is not a good thing upon which to base one’s moral compass, Jesus had a few good points to make. I hope something today brings you this true spirit of the holiday season.
He may have believed it but even that is hearsay and he apparently never told anyone. Had he been right however, certainly others have tried and failed to find such a loophole suggesting that no such loophole exists.
No, women are nothing like that. You may see them that way but that says a lot about you and nothing at all about them.
Not based upon my experience.
I’m not a surgeon but my cousin had exploratory surgery many years ago after doctors couldn’t figure out what was wrong with her. During the surgery, they found early stage ovarian cancer and removed it. Ovarian cancer is almost always lethal because by the time you have symptoms it’s too late. Whatever problem she was having that couldn’t be solved and led to her having exploratory surgery saved her life.
All the things Trump tells us we are winning at now. It sure doesn’t feel like winning. It feels more like deep and shameful embarrassment.
It’s my understanding that the overwhelming majority of deaths during WWI were from the flu pandemic and not from lead poisoning.
The same way a piece of paper can be of a particular color that is indeterminate to a blind person. That we are incapable of determining the state, IMHO, does not mean it’s state will always be indeterminate.
Are you ready to marry them? Then marry them first. If you’re not ready, don’t move in together because it’s nearly the same as getting married. When you are not getting along (and that will happen sometimes), there will be no place to which you can retreat. Should you break up, it will feel like a divorce. I strongly urge couples to keep their own places (but sleep over at each other’s as much as you like) until you’re ready to make a more serious commitment.
When we were trying to get pregnant, we would ask each other if we wanted to have a “family planning meeting” which was our code phrase doe sex.
&gt; That’s what messed up and counter-intuitive about quantum Indeterminancy, it’s not that we are incapable of knowing, it’s that it really IS indeterminant. While I understand that that’s the current scientific thinking in quantum mechanics, I believe that it will eventually be determined to be incorrect. Quantum Indeterminacy is indistinguishable from magic.
I’ve had it explained to me by a friend who is a professor of physics and has authored books on relativity. In the end, it comes down to the observation that quantum indeterminacy fits the currently accepted models. Many, perhaps even most, physicists accept that. I don’t without an explanation as to HOW that could be. My physicist friend, who does accept it, says that I’m not alone and in fact in good company as neither Einstein nor Feynman agreed with the notion of quantum indeterminacy. I suspect that, like me, without the HOW, they thought it might as well be magic.
The thing is, you can spend as much time together at each other’s place learning what it’s like to live together and before making the huge commitment of a single household with all that Implies. Basically, couples need to know that they are good at resolving conflicts before living together. Because as others have pointed out, once you are living together, there’s no place to go to be alone. That can put a lot of pressure on a relationship that it may not yet be equipped to handle. Yes, there are the exceptional cases where couples spent lots of time together at each other’s house only to find out that when living together it was vastly different but I really think those are true exceptions.
It’s not exactly the same but it’s generally close enough. I’ve had a LOT of girlfriends over the years and lived with 4 of them so I have a lot of experience upon which to draw.
I get what you are saying. Given that pilot wave theory is a thing, I’m not the only one who is uncomfortable with quantum indeterminacy.
I get what you are saying. Given that pilot wave theory is a thing, I’m not the only one who is uncomfortable with quantum indeterminacy.
True.
Fish is a huge part of the Japanese diet so it’s not difficult to persuade the government.
My dominant hand.
Everyone would feel better if they stopped eating gluten.
Picked a petty fight with my wife on an international flight.
You being a happy, reasonable but not religious person is a threat. If you don’t need it, maybe they don’t need it as well but it’s all they know and they’d be lost without it. That’s, at least, what goes through their subconscious. I’m atheist and live in Texas as well. We are a tiny but growing minority. Just to clear one thing up: there are two forms of atheism: agnostic and gnostic. Both types don’t believe in god usually due to lack of evidence however, while the agnostic admits there’s a non-zero chance that god in fact exists, the gnostic atheist says there’s no chance. Since it’s impossible to prove god does not exist, agnostic atheism is the only rational position to take. I presume you are the former and not the latter.
It is correct. Agnostic does not mean what most people have come to think it means. As for The Bible, it doesn’t have to proof God exists and it’s lack of proof isn’t evidence that God does not exist. I don’t believe in God but there is nevertheless a non-zero chance he does in fact exist. I certainly wouldn’t count on it but to say there’s no chance is irrational.
You can be agnostic about atheism or gnostic. If you say you’re an atheist without one of these terms, it’s unclear if you are 100% certain or not.
Have you never played with a pair? They are fucking awesome.
That we can’t assign probabilities doesn’t mean anything in terms of existence. For example, any probability you assign the the possibility of other life in the universe is at best a wild guess. Does that mean we are alone or not? There’s no way to know. However, that we can’t assign a probability isn’t evidence of absence. It’s dangerous to assume with absolutely certainty that something doesn’t exist. You can say that it’s extraordinarily unlikely given the lack of empirical evidence but certainty, from the scientific point of view is almost always illogical.
As did I prior to learning how they should truly be applied. That’s why I educate people when the opportunity presents itself.
&gt; The infinite vastness of the universe does not produce things you or anyone else just made up in your head, that’s not how it all works. I never said that IS how it works. While you can say with absolute certainty that 1 does not equal 0, you cannot same the same thing about most things. You can’t say with certainty that there’s life anywhere except the Earth nor can you say with absolute certainty that Harry Potter is fiction. You can say that the probability is extremely high but you can’t (or at least shouldn’t) be absolutely certain. I’m not suggesting you go around qualifying every statement you make. We can act upon assumptions that are extremely well founded but we should not allow ourselves to rule things out completely. There was a time, for example, when many scientists were convinced that space was filled with something called the [aether](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Luminiferous_aether) which of course turned out to be false. We have our best explanations of how reality works but we should always be open to investigating new ones that might better explain elements of reality not matter how long we have been certain we already know the answer. Of course as Carl Sagan put it so well, “Extraordinary claims require extraordinary evidence.”
You keep confusing what one believes to be true with their level of certainty. If you are 99.9999% certain something is true, you can feel confident acting upon the assumption that it is indeed true. That nevertheless does not rule out, no matter how unlikely, that you will ultimately turn out to be wrong. I have no reason to believe that Harry Potter is anything but fiction. I act upon the assumption that it is fiction. If you asked me to bet on it being fiction, I’d take you up on that bet at nearly any amount of money you cared to lose. Having said that, there logically is a non-zero chance I’m wrong. It might be extraordinarily small but it’s non-zero. That something is highly unlikely to be true is no excuse for acting as if it is. But to rule it out entirely is to close one’s mind and that’s almost never a good idea.
That’s traveling *with* time, not through it.
&gt; Then you’re an idiot. You’ll just have to live with that. I’m sorry to hear that you can’t carry on a conversation without insulting me. I have no trouble determine what is true, false, real, unreal. I just don’t deal exclusively in absolutes. As for a jury trial (several of upon which I have participated), conclusions can be reached only from the evidence presented. That’s how jury trials work. If someone made a claim that they actually authored Harry Potter (or that her story was in fact based upon theirs), I could look only at the evidence presented by both sides and reach a conclusion. JK Rowling was in fact accused to this and was victorious in court.
What size gun do you think can be successfully hidden in a body cavity?
I think OP lives under a bridge.
I think you have a fetish and your idea is some kind of sexual fantasy.
It’s not absurd. I don’t go around making decisions based upon microscopic probabilities but I don’t deny the logical observation that they exist either. I also don’t assume that I’m always right about everything and ridicule those who don’t agree with me.
You’re missing the point but I too am growing tired of this conversation.
But then he wouldn’t have been evil.
The currently accepted theory in astrophysics is that the universe is expanding at an accelerating rate. This eliminates the possibility that it will ever collapse.
Face ID makes a 30,000 point 3D map of your face. A stunt double wouldn’t be nearly close enough. Apple has said that only an identical twin could fool Face ID. A few people have claimed to be able to fool it in other ways but so far, none have been able to replicate that on demand.
You have more than one?
But at that point, *evil* becomes highly subjective when the majority of citizens (or their elected proxies) believe it’s not.
The majority of the benefit was at 4,000 and maxed out at 7,500. I don’t think it’s hard to understand that your body has limits. There’s are upper and lower limits to all kinds of things about your body.
Hey, then at least you’re hitting the 7,500 max everyday. They didn’t say going past that was bad for you. It just doesn’t add any benefit.
It depends upon what you are trying to determine. For older people, it was about longevity. What would you want to determine for young people regarding step count?
When our daughter was in 3rd grade she came to us with her evidence that her mom and I were in fact Santa Claus. When we admitted we were and asked her how she felt, she said, “I’m just upset you’ve been lying to me all these years.” Yikes. OTOH, she added, “But if I have kids some day, I’ll probably do the same thing.”
Every democrat that has won the presidency in the last 60 years was a centrist.
But that’s not what the article says. It says the centrist candidate. Obama was a centrist. He had some progressive values but he was not very far left at all. Progressive does not mean far-left. https://qr.ae/TWGgFm
Some academics [studied](https://qr.ae/TWGgFm) this and found Obama to be the most moderate President post WWII.
Moderate does not mean caving-in to right wing demands and rhetoric. It means a willingness to engage the opposing party and find ways to work together and compromise when necessary. If instead you swing far left, you have to have the votes to win. The problem with that is that the left tends to have a large population of young, unreliable voters. Obama won in part by getting those people out to the polls and he wasn’t even on the far left. I wouldn’t count on a repeat of that outcome. It the democrats choose Sanders or Warren, we will get four more years of Trump because those who are willing to vote for a democrat but instead voted for Trump are not on the far left.
Progressive does not equal far-left. Obama campaigned on progressive ideas to be sure but he wasn’t a far-left liberal. He didn’t even really identify as a liberal until after he was in office. He campaigned on working with republicans to solve problems. In the long run, he tired of that and fearing he would get nothing done, used the Executive Order more and more.
The younger generations can be enthusiastic about a candidate but end up not actually voting. That’s the problem. I supported Sanders last time until Clinton got the nomination. You’re right about Trump. I met a guy who I was sure was a right-winger but liked Sanders very much. In the end, however, he decided change would be good and voted for Trump. I didn’t think such a thing was possible.
Obama certainly was. Carter didn’t do much of anything that would be considered left that I can remember. LBJ signed the Civil Rights Act only because he knew it was the right thing to do and also knew the democrats would lose the South as a result. He kept us in the Vietnam war as well.
It’s how I have always been so I don’t know how to describe it.
I think the best outcome is when nobody is happy.
Perhaps. But not by standards of the time. Reagan couldn’t get elected today as a Republican and yet they look at him like a god.
It’s a saying. It means both parties compromised.
It’s a saying. It means that both parties compromised.
I hope so too. If Trump being President isn’t motivation enough, I don’t know what would be. :)
My wedding day. It was truly wonderful and I’m incredibly lucky 20 years later to still be married to the same smart, beautiful, loving woman who was foolish enough to walk down the aisle with me.
Yes. Even when you do things seemingly selflessly (ironically) they are not truly selfless. You gain something from the act. Perhaps you feel like you are going to have better social status in your community as just one example. I’m not clear on why the self being an illusion matters in this case though.
If dinosaurs had survived, mammals would never have had the opportunity to evolve into larger creatures and thus we wouldn’t be here.
Incorrect. You hate someone because their actions are in direct conflict with what is most important to you. You might intensely hate the person that murdered your spouse and yet you never loved that murderer.
Pretty good apparently because they are a couple now. :)
Since they are now living together, I’m going to say yes.
Because the people that display those commercials don’t work for Chick-fil-A. They give their employees Sunday off. They aren’t expecting everyone to be off. Even their philosophy of giving employees Sunday off doesn’t make sense as it implies that everyone who works there is at a minimum a person of faith who should have that specific day off to rest and worship. They are giving up a fair amount of profit for that. I have no doubt they would do quite well on Sundays.
Idiots. If you don’t like the scooters, contact the city or the companies that put them there. Throwing them into the river pollutes the river and will result in the companies replacing them. So all you are doing is polluting the river and committing a few crimes at the same time.
As an elected representative, what you think privately is irrelevant. You get graded on what you say publicly.
I’m not a cup.
Given that their votes are public, I count them as part of what they say.
True.
Given that their voting records are public, for me, that counts as part of what they say publicly.
If you’re both confident that you know who you are, what you want to be, what your values are and you still feel compatible, great.
Trump claims things all the time but we have learned to assume by default that anything he says is untrue. During the George Stephanopoulos interview, Trump said, “I’m actually a very honest guy.” That’s just perfect because it’s yet another lie.
He didn’t really respond to that specific claim as it wasn’t during the sit down part of the interview. I also think that to call him out on that likely would have ended the inteview immediately.
You mean, “So do you now admit you’ve been wrong about &lt;insert list of 10,000 items here&gt;.”
Yeah, but that makes sense! /s
One of the few real-life indexes that start with zero!
He cancels a nuclear treaty we had with Iran that lifted sanctions in return for them being reasonable and then is surprised they’ve gone back to being a bad actor?
You drink that Coke but know that it will take a 3 mile walk to burn it off. You need exercise, but it’s not an efficient way to lose weight. Eating less is the best way.
So it’s extremely unlikely these sightings are alien spacecraft. So you’re telling [there’s a chance](https://youtu.be/zMRrNY0pxfM)...yes!
If he doesn’t accept he lost the popular vote last time, why would he accept it in 2020? The question we should be asking him is exactly what he plans to do if election officials tell him he lost the popular vote and the electoral college in 2020?
It’s not? Well, that certainly explains the very negative and violent reactions I keep getting. Thanks! /s
Waldo. I can’t seem to find him.
Make sure you check out the Chili’s at 45th and Lamar. It’s a must-see.
That our elections are free of foreign influence.
I think most people think things like how justices are appointed, that they are lifetime appointments, the confirmation process, are all outlined by the Constitution.
It will never happen. The outrage from the citizenry would be huge, the ACLU would sue, and it’s almost certainly unconstitutional.
Not really. As just one example, Apple can’t decrypt your messages even if they were given a court order to do it. And they would exit the Australian market before they would put in a back door. At that point, the citizens of Australia would demand their government reverse this decision. It’s like back when France tried to force Apple to open the iTunes music store to other MP3 players. Apple said they would shut down the iTunes Store in France. Suddenly, France did an about face. No country is EVER going to stop bad guys from using encryption. That is not possible. It’s not difficult to see how back doors would create MORE crime not less. It’s never going to happen.
Right but the government can’t stop encryption nor should I have to give up my privacy to make it a tiny bit easier for them to catch the criminals that aren’t smart enough to encrypt their messages.
&gt; Under Australia’s legislation, police can force companies to create a technical function that would give them access to encrypted messages without the user’s knowledge.” Apple couldn’t create such a solution even if asked. Your messages are encrypted with your public key but can only be decrypted with your private key which Apple does not have. The private key is stored in the Secure Enclave, a chip that is inaccessible except with your phone’s passcode which again, Apple doesn’t have. But it’s moot anyway. The smart criminals already assume that Apple and others can decrypt their messages so they are certainly using their own encryption with keys that aren’t stored on the device at all.
I’m not putting them on anything. I know their commitment to privacy and that commitment had profits attached to it. The moment it got out that they had somehow complied with the police to decrypt messages, that entire commitment would go right out the window. If you have evidence they have done so, let’s see it.
They can pass the legislation which will then be overturned by the Supreme Court. Though honestly, such legislation would never pass. The outrage would put Congress on notice that if they vote in favor, they are voting themselves out of office. This would practically be the same as them passing legislation that allows them to put a microphone in your house.
Yes because they can’t stop you from encrypting messages before you send them. You don’t have to rely on Apple or anyone else for encryption. That they build it in to their systems is a convenience only.
Correct and the government of Australia has yet to ask them to decrypt anyone’s messages.
When the FBI asked Apple to do it, they made it clear they could not. If the Australian government made such a request, I can see no reason Apple would keep it a secret.
Interesting. However, the odds of such requests being leaked anonymously seems very high.
Because it’s a waste of our tax dollars for them to be conducting a pointless exercise that most people don’t realize is pointless.
Lying. Or am I in the best 10%?
My wife because my kids could hang on longer.
My son has been doing pull-ups so his arms are strong. My wife, not so much.
The younger you are prior to adulthood, the higher your muscle to weight ratio is.
I’m going to overthrow the government of a South Pacific island nation and declare myself His Most Awesomeness Overlord.
LG OLED. I’ve had the 65” for a year and it’s awesome. Bought it at Costco. They had a deal that included the LG Sound Bar.
My wife of 20 years.
Remember that most Christians aren’t followers of Jesus, their fans.
Envy is always stupid and ugly.
My wife is 5’2”.
I’ve been using my LG OLED for console gaming. Haven’t had any issues and the picture quality is great.
Nicer? In what way?
At this point in the 2008 primary, Obama was in third place. Things began to change when he won the Iowa caucus. I wouldn’t write off Pete just yet.
We’re the only ones in our right minds.
Nor are free things usually appreciated. You need to skin in the game.
At this point in the 2008 primary, Obama was in 3rd place. Things began to change when he won the Iowa Caucus.
Not according to [this](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Barack_Obama_2008_presidential_primary_campaign).
Because Obama wasn’t the front runner going into the Iowa caucus but things began to change when he won. Pete is polling quite well in Iowa and New Hampshire. I get the appeal (especially for young people) of Sanders and Warren. It’s just that, if elected, I see the divisiveness only getting worse. What I like about Pete is that he focuses on values and a desire to find a way to get the parties working together again rather than this my way or the highway approach. And the thing to remember about Pete’s appeal to older voters is that they are also the most reliable voters.
I think if he wins a few primaries, they will start looking. And he will have more time to spend in the South.
There have certainly been some challenges but he’s done nothing that would make any reasonable person assume he doesn’t understand the plight of African Americans.
My wife. She’s more beautiful with each passing year.
Agreed. It’s impossible to predict what will happen at this point.
Koreans love to eat in ways that are far beyond people of other countries. Just watch almost any Korean drama and you’ll see people cooking and/or eating even when it doesn’t really add to the story. My wife is Korean and I’ve seen this first hand. The first time I had a meal at her parents house, I stopped eating because I was full when my mother-in-law asked my wife (in Korean), “Does he not like the food? He stopped eating!” The typical Korean diet is pretty healthy though the stuff they eat in muckbang videos isn’t usually typical. My wife loves to watch muckbang videos on YouTube.
That’s what happens when you have a sexually repressed society. Women have to cover up because men can’t be trusted to control themselves? Give me a break.
This is why I should have been a researcher.
The majority of Bernie’s support seems to be coming from younger people who historically are not reliable voters. To win, he has get them to the ballot box. The Iowa and especially New Hamsphire primaries will be telling.
It looks like sexual assault, not rape. But just as one example, rape victims in Muslim countries are sometimes killed by their families for the shame their families believe they have brought upon the family. It’s ridiculous.
Personally, my biggest concern is political division. It feels like neither party is willing to compromise. I feel like the best thing would be to have a President that believes we can find common ground and is willing to compromise. It may not be as emotionally satisfying as occasionally ramrodding a big bill through Congress when one’s party has control, but it’s far more efficient. The President’s job is to lead the country first and his party second. That means working with Congress to reach consensus as much as possible. Compromise is not a dirty word. My concern with Sanders (and to a slightly lesser degree, Warren) is that should either become President, the divisiveness that has become the new normal will continue unabated. Having two parties that shout opposing points of view at each other might be emotionally satisfying and entertaining but it’s not what is best for the nation.
It’s being on one side or the other and sticking to that side rather than working towards compromise. That’s what I’m looking for, a candidate who is willing to work with both sides to find compromise.
I don’t believe it would pass Congress unless the democrats controlled both the House and the Senate. More importantly, Trump would use it to scare people into voting for him. I like Bernie. His heart is in the right place. But if he’s the nominee, we will get 4 more years of Trump. I take no pleasure in saying that but I do believe it’s true. Trump can’t realistically call Pete or Biden socialists but with Bernie it’s easy. To me, Pete is the only candidate that is likely to win against Trump. Biden will be a gaffefest.
I haven’t seen that one. As a movie, High Society was not that great. Good production, just not much of a story.
Yeah I saw that in the theater when it was released.
Yes, I saw it in the theater.
Well I guess it’s all a matter of opinion. Buttigieg is raising a lot of money so he’s got interest. He spent 8 years running an organization with 1000 employees across multiple departments with an annual budget of $400 million. That combined with his smarts and military experience makes him by far the most qualified candidate as far as I’m concerned. I supported Bernie in 2016 but he’s only going to continue the divisiveness that’s been plaguing our government for a long time now. Pete is taking a different path. He believes that if we focus on our core values, we can find ways to get the parties to work together on policy as they have in the past. Bernie is passionate to be sure but that’s not enough.
Keep a party hat by the door. When they knock, out the hat on and tell them you can’t talk right now because you’re having a birthday party but they can come in and have some cake. That will be the end of that. They don’t celebrate birthdays.
When I was 5 I saw a snoopy drum set in the Sears catalog. I must have told my parents I wanted it because they bought it for me for Christmas that year. That was over 50 years ago and I’ve been a drummer ever since.
How vindicated Musk must feel.
It’s the “no fun” Christian sect.
Not always. What I have read is that the most common cause is loud noise exposure which damaged the hairs in the inner ear. It seems like microdosing would not improve things if ones tinnitus was the result of damage. What do you think?
This wouldn’t have happened at all had we simply stayed in the agreement President Obama signed with Iran. After 15 years of getting used to ding dongs and ball point pens, they would almost certainly have not wanted to return to sanctions in order to develop nuclear weapons. Trump truly doesn’t understand how international relations works.
Dolphins. They are smart and could perhaps find a way to poison our water supply. I read a short story about this once. At the last minute, the dolphins changed their mind and decided to make one last effort to contact us instead of doing away with us for the damage we were doing to the planet.
Steve Jobs. He didn’t finish college and he made more than $60K per year. :)
Is there a single *why* question that religion can answer better than it can be answered without religion?
Because something is better than nothing.
“52 sites”? If I didn’t know any better, I’d think we were at war with Iran.
Which is EXACTLY what the world wants from the leader of the free world: to know he or she can be counted upon to make rational decisions. Trump makes decisions without consideration for the downstream consequences. He doesn’t understand that just because you *can* do something doesn’t mean you *should*. “Stable genius” indeed.
It’s illegal to profit from crimes. In other words, no memoir.
Despite coming to terms with this on his own, it’s not going to be an easy transition for him for multiple reasons. His life is going to change far more drastically than for the average person who goes through the same thing. You’ll need to be there for him more than ever before.
You don’t need to be a CEO of a company big enough to own a private jet. Plenty of less than perfectly ethical owners of small businesses fly commercial on trips they claim to be for business purposes and have less than a Chinese wall between their business and personal finances.
Nope. Generally speaking, you [can’t. ](https://www.straightdope.com/columns/read/2239/how-are-criminals-prevented-from-profiting-from-their-crimes/)
We can answer that scientifically. Life exists because the right atoms got together in the right combination to create DNA and the rest is history. If you’re asking the philosophical question, there is no reason why and the fact that religions make one up doesn’t make it true.
Which is why we need to reverse the Citizen’s United decision.
And they are still touring btw.
Pete is smart, experienced, humble, pragmatic and above all else, has a compelling vision. He believes that if we first focus on our core values, we will find that people of both parties have significant overlap. Once we are there, once we all come to understand how alike we are in those core values, then we can talk about policy and perhaps find some common ground. In short, he wants to end the caustic divide that prevents our government from being an effective one. His policy positions all seem to be sensible to me. In short, Pete is the most presidential of all the candidates. I’d like to hear what his thinking is on the deficit/debt but perhaps that’s not a campaign season topic.
Possibly, yes. However, that would take her coming to the conclusion that she committed a crime. So far, she has maintained her innocence. Don’t assume that her preparation for her likely prison term is any admission of guilt. She’s just being practical. Having said that, she certainly appears to be guilty. Even if she was not aware she was breaking the law, ignorance is not s defense.
No one. Any change in the past no matter how seemingly insignificant, could lead to a very different present with negative consequences that would be impossible to predict.
That’s good to hear. I haven’t heard him mention it but I’ll check out your links. It would be nice if he had a position statement on his website regarding fiscal responsibility and the deficit. I feel like this issue has continued to be ignored. I don’t know what I will say to my kids when they reach middle age.
That’s a great interview. I’ll keep this link to provide others who want to learn more about Pete.
We once had an agreement that would have kept this from happening perhaps permanently. Trump ripped it up and here we are.
Best to not be thinking about anything important. So stay away from your phone, don’t save difficult conversations for right before bed time, etc.
The word “meaning” in this case is a synonym for *significance*or *importance*. The answer is simple and it’s right in front of anyone humble enough to see it. It’s about replication. That’s it. There’s nothing else to it. All life we have ever found is based upon the DNA molecule and the only thing it does at the end of the day is replicate. Life is nothing more than a useful side effect of DNA’s replication process. You might be tempted to think that DNA was created or designed by something. Well if that’s true there’s no evidence of it and without empirical evidence, we can’t tell fact from fantasy. I’m personally not a fan of self-delusion so I stick with things supported by empirical evidence. The universe is filled with plenty of sophisticated non-biological processes. It’s therefore reasonable to assume that DNA emerged the way those processes did, as a result of matter and energy interacting within the laws of physics. To think there is an all-powerful, all-knowing divine creator of the universe (as most people do) that inexplicably cares about us is the most narcissistic thing I’ve ever heard of.
So what other definition are you using? That’s the one in the dictionary.
Ok so I’ll ask you again: what definition are you using? You asked a question. To answer it, we both need to agree upon the same definition of the word. Otherwise conversation can’t happen.
&gt; Exactly. Nor should we expect there to be any evidence of that inside the physical universe. That’s why it’s faith, not science. Which is what I was trying to explain to you from the start I understood what you were saying. Anything you can’t find empirical evidence for must be assumed to not exist. Otherwise, you can make up anything you want. It might exist. You can hypothesize that it exists but since it’s impossible to prove, you can’t do anything more. &gt; Human beings aren’t rational. We’re not computers. We’re messy, emotional creatures that live in a world of uncertainty. So doesn’t it make sense for an emotional creature to assign some emotional logic to existence in order to prevent itself becoming overwhelmed and depressed at the vast meaninglessness of the type of existence you’re describing? Doesn’t happiness and spiritual wellbeing have some value? And why should we only limit our minds and imaginations to what can be empirically observed? There’s so much more to this universe than what we can know We live on a spectrum with emotionality on one end and rationality on the other. Our emotions serve a purpose but it’s a mistake to allow them to run amok. They are a poor source for most decision-making but unfortunately we do make far too many of our decisions with them. We make decisions with our emotions then justify them with facts. Life is meaningless but that doesn’t mean it has to be depressing. I still enjoy existence. I enjoy fiction in the form of books and movies. Even. Though I know they are fiction I enjoy them nonetheless. When most people talk about the meaning of life, they are trying to figure out its purpose. Why are we here? I’ve answered that. It really is quite simple. We are here as a side effect of the DNA molecule. Nothing more. You can choose to find that depressing but I don’t. We don’t have to limit our imaginations to what is rational. As I said, fiction is often quite enjoyable. And our imaginations sometimes allow us to discover something that otherwise might have gone undiscovered. But we do tend to feel addicted to them, allowing them to make decisions of which they have no business being a part. Happiness absolutely has value. Our brains are wired to feel better when we are happy than when we are not. Why? Happiness is an efficiency mechanism. It tells us that in general things are going well and that we don’t have to use too much energy on solving some important problem. You’re right that there’s more to the universe than we know and likely will ever know. That doesn’t mean there’s some undectable, ethereal plane. &gt; There are many different definitions of “meaning” that would be acceptable to me depending on context. Your mistake is assuming there’s a simple, singular meaning that applies to all situations I would say then that you are using the wrong word. It’s understandable. People often use the word *meaning* when I think they really mean *purpose*. But this doesn’t change my assertion. Life is a side effect of DNA in the same way that the shape of continents is a side effect of sea floor spreading and erosion. But again, just because these things are true doesn’t have to stop us from enjoying them. It doesn’t have to stop us from loving those that are important to us. It doesn’t have to stop us from taking care of the planet because we want future generations to have a nice place to live. What it *does* mean though is that we should stop making decisions based on irrational thinking. It’s the source of nearly all of mankind’s problems down through the ages. How many people have suffered and died because they or those around them couldn’t agree on who has the better imaginary friend? John Lennon truly nailed it when he said, “Imagine there’s no heaven and no religion too.” We should not given in to our emotions. They have their purpose but we should strive to be more rational and have more control over our emotions than allowing them to continue to make poor decisions and control us.
&gt; You can have faith Yes, you can choose to believe in anything you want when empirical evidence is not required. For example, you could choose to believe that after we die, there’s an afterlife where everyone gets a mansion and we can eat all the ice cream they want. Why not make up the most compelling scenario and convince yourself of that? Because it’s delusional, that’s why. That’s what faith is. When you decide to believe in something when there’s no empirical evidence to support it, you are by definition deluding yourself. &gt; You can’t prove we’re “nothing more”. That’s just what you believe. Just as some people believe there is something more. Both are equally unprovable I don’t need to prove it. That’s not how science works. If you make an assertion that something is true, the burden of proof is on you. Science has already shown us over and over again that life is the result of DNA. I’m asserting nothing that isn’t already well-established fact. You, OTOH, seem to believe there’s more to it than that. The burden of proof for that assertion is on you. &gt; But what I’m talking about is belief. Which is a personal thing that should inform your internal feelings and not your real-life actions. So you should potentially change how you feel based upon beliefs that are unsupported by evidence but not take any action as a result. So what value then does this have? And you doing this somehow has no impact whatsoever on your decision-making? You have a chinese wall between your irrational faith and your rational mind? This is the problem with faith. It’s like a gateway drug for irrational thought. Once you decide you’re ok with believing in things without evidence, anything becomes possible. &gt; Both can exist and shouldn’t need to come into conflict. The problems arise when people use their beliefs to directly explain physical aspects of the universe They are in direct conflict with each other. One requires evidence and the other does not. And if you can’t use your unsupported beliefs to explain anything in the physical universe, exactly what value do those beliefs have? &gt; I don’t know where you got this idea that I’m advocating for emotions over rationality. I’m saying both have their place You’re advocating for believing in things unsupported by evidence which is by definition irrational. Emotions have their place. I’m not arguing against that. However, that place is situations where there is no time to make a rational decision. You suddenly find someone running towards you with a knife. You only have a few seconds so there not enough time to decide if it’s a prank, I’d you could defend yourself, etc., so your fight or flight kicks in and you run. Someone who care for deeply dies suddenly and you are sad because they were a big part of your life and now they won’t be. When my uncle died, I had months of warning. I knew it was coming. I was still slightly sad when it finally happened but it wasn’t overwhelming. OTOH, a few years ago I got back in touch with my childhood best friend. We spent a few hours together and had a great time. I was looking forward to having him back in my life for at least a few decades. A month later, his sister called me to tell me that he had died the previous evening of a heart attack, alone in a parking lot near his apartment. I was totally unprepared for that possibility and as a result, it hit me like a ton of bricks. My kids had never seen me so distraught but it was a good opportunity to explain grieving to them. Emotions have their place and sometimes they help us in the moment. However, when we do have the time to truly consider a decision, we should make it rationally. When we choose to ignore what our rational mind is telling us and go with our emotional response, it rarely works out well.
Given that you’re in a public high school, you need to report this unconstitutional behavior to the Principal. If he or she doesn’t take immediate action, contact the Freedom From Religion organization.
Something my dad told me when I was young. I don’t think a day goes by where I don’t think of his words of wisdom. He said, “Always...” wait, no it was, “Never..”
*Wife* is a noun. *Gangbanged* is an adjective.
I was just going to post about this myself. I’ve watched many interviews with North Koreans who have escaped to South Korea. Based upon what they described, I would say that how North Korea is being portrayed is highly inaccurate. Electricity is rare. They have it. Few times a year. Same with rice and meat. The city streets are usually empty of cars. Few are allowed to travel between regions. The theft they show seems unlikely as doing so and getting caught at best would get you sent to a labor camp and at worst, killed. However, I understand why. If they portrayed it accurately, the misery would be far too distracting from the romance, action and occasional comedy. The show just wouldn’t work.
Yes, it’s true about the elites. However, even in Pyeongyang, there’s not that much traffic. There are also curfews so all those people out walking around at night seems unlikely.
Your account was created immediately before you posted. Credibility: 0
This article starts by issuing a “trigger warning” about suicide. I’d like to point out what the Trauma Warning article on Wikipedia (as there is no Trigger Warning one) says about “trigger warnings”: “Scientists with knowledge in this area and research on the topic suggest that trigger warnings may be counterproductive and actually increase anxiety and PTSD symptoms.” The author also decides that he doesn’t want to be a lawyer because he doesn’t want to be hated so his conclusion is to go into politics as a gay man? I’m a big supporter of Pete Buttigieg. I hope he’s our next President and I can guarantee you that he went into this race knowing that some people would hate him for it. Some would hate him for being gay but some would hate him because he’s a politicians with whom’s ideas they don’t agree. If you don’t want to be hated, stay away from politics. Having said all of this I’m glad it helped him avoid suicide. And I hope that he’s successful in wherever life takes him.
The name may not be entirely correct but the diet does seem to be effective from what I have read. I prefer a fasting diet myself.
But if you bought the first time to save money then spent that saved money on an item you might have otherwise not purchased, you haven’t actually saved money.
[Serious]: The Tag That Saved Reddit
Because you bought the first, inexpensive item to save money, not to motivate yourself to spend more. This is a psychological effect that marketers use to manipulate you into spending more than you want to spend.
You are missing the point. You didn’t intend to buy the second item. You only bought it because you saved money on the first. Without some kind of perceived savings, you would not have bought the second item. I’m also betting that in most cases, the buyer ultimately spends more money in total.
I finally decided, in an instant, that he had bullied me for the last time. I grabbed him, swung him 360 degrees and sent him flying backwards into a door. The back of his head hit the door and when he felt it and saw all the blood, he turned white and ran the hell out of there. I waited all day to be called to the Principal’s office but the call never came. I finally realized that he wasn’t going to admit to having his ass kicked by an underclassman. He avoided me entirely after that.
The internet, and thus the court of public opinion, was not what it was 20 years ago.
https://youtu.be/aLEabGpRPkI
Of course free will is almost certainly an illusion. Sam Harris makes an excellent [argument](https://samharris.org/the-illusion-of-free-will/) to this effect.
No, there’s not. Only two references to Jesus (specifically to “Christus”) exist outside of the Bible. They are from two Roman historians, Josephus and Tacitus), neither of whom were contemporaries of Jesus. Most Biblical scholars agree that Jesus almost certainly was a real person but that belief isn’t evidence-based.
The point is that a trigger warning may actually cause more harm than they avoid. Because what causes trouble for one person doesn’t cause it for everyone.
Part of dieting is when you eat. Intermittent fasting is a way of dieting.
Investing 10% of your net income in some index fund. That should be enough by the time your reach 70 to easily retire.
Agreed. And you can interpret free will as simply your choices but that’s not what most people think of free will.
See if there’s a [Sunday Assembly](https://sundayassembly.online/) near you. It would be better than going to an actual church. I’m sure there’s one in Seattle.
At 857 hours, definitely Logistics. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Logistics_(film)
That would break the Matrix.
There’s a difference?
So sorry to hear that. He reminds me of my childhood cat who lived to be 16.
I like the show overall. I’m just surprised they didn’t make the female lead more interesting. I’ll keep watching.
Sorry to hear that but I can sympathize. I’m a drummer. I just in-ear monitors both to hear better and to control the volume. Sometimes we play a gig where we don’t use our PA. That means that the volume in my in-ears is set by the sound guy. I do have a headphone amp but it’s not easy for me to reach down and change it while I’m playing and the sound check is never enough. So occasionally at a gig, it’s way too loud in my ears for the first song. I almost get to the point where I just want to stop the song and get the volume lowered but that would be unprofessional so I’m sitting there for 3 minutes getting my ears blown out. I’ve got to lower the amp and then raise the volume on my own to prevent this in the future. Like you, I worry that I’m making my tinnitus worse.
I did include a link to the Wikipedia article. :) It’s a documentary about what is involved in creating a typical electronic device. In this case, a pedometer.
Nope. It sounds interesting but honestly, I was looking for the longest movie ever.
Fixed.
So human-level intelligence with the ability to speak our languages.
Fuck if that wasn’t the funniest thing I’ve heard all day. I literally laughed out loud!
He’s trying to cool off.
Have party hats by the door and tell them that you’d be happy to hear what they have to say but you’re having a birthday party so they will have to come in and join the party.
Accepting things as they really are is better than being delusional.
I would have made them that way so how could I complain?
Atheists are arguably the only truly moral/ethical people because they act that way because it’s the right thing to do and not out of fear of punishment from a deity.
As mayor, Pete ran an organization with many departments made up of 1000 employees with a budget of almost $400 million. So yes, in terms executive experience, he’s got more than any other democratic candidate.
Fixed. Thanks.
In all seriousness, superstition requires faith. Faith OTOH does not require superstition though it’s often involved.
If it comes out your ass, It’s only natural gas, Methane...
Make your marriage the most important thing in your life. If you both do that, it will be a successful one. I married my wife 6 months after I met her. We have been happily married for 20 years. She’s absolutely my best friend and number 1 priority.
Faith is a virus of the mind.
What are you hoping to gain by marrying a virgin? Are you afraid you won’t be good enough in bed for her compared to others she has had? What makes you think a virgin wouldn’t wonder if others are better? This is not a good reason. In fact, there IS no good reason.
He would not use it for his tweets would be proof of his existence and proof denies faith. Of course he does not exist so the argument is moot.
I think you’d have trouble finding such a person. However, there’s a world of difference between the average person who has had say 3 sexual partners prior to marriage and someone who has had 300. Something tells me that if you did meet someone who had 300 sexual partners, there would be other signs that marrying them is not a good idea. In other words, that many partners is likely a symptom of a different problem rather than the problem itself.
There may be an effect but no way to attribute said effect to a god. Having said that, it thus provides no evidence of a god. In fact it could be argued that for a god to have an observable effect on the universe would require that god to be detectable from the universe which would then by definition make that god not supernatural.
Your problem is that you don’t trust and you can’t have a relationship with anyone without trust.
It’s actually worse than that. Empirical evidence is the only thing that allows us to differentiate between what is real and what is illusion. Faith is the belief in something without the empirical evidence requirement. It is therefore by extension delusional. It truly is a mind virus.
Science is the study of the natural world. Anything supernatural is by definition outside of nature and this not observable by science. If Magic was real then it would be observable. It it wasn’t observable then it would not be real.
The definition literally means that anything supernatural is outside of the natural world and therefore not examinable via the scientific method.
You can but the code is far more complex that it otherwise would be with recursion. If you think recursion is unnecessary, you just haven’t needed it yet.
Greta Thunberg. They will read how this 16 year old kept warning people but too many would not listen.
Because empirical evidence is all we have to tell the difference between what’s real and what is not. Once you drop this requirement, you can’t tell if you’re simply deluding yourself. Faith is belief without evidence and that’s incompatible with science.
He should testify. He looks so good in orange so it’s a win-win.
I’m voting for Mayor Pete because he’s smart, his ideas are reasonable and he’s got great leadership skills.
That’s not what the definition means. There was a time when we could not detect light in the infrared. We now can. Despite that, infrared light was never supernatural. Something defined as being supernatural is by definition outside of the natural world and undetectable by science now and forever.
This is going to sound old school. Ask yourself if you’re ready to get married. If the answer is no, if you’re not ready for that level of commitment then don’t move in together. Because once you do, there’s no place to go when you’re not getting along. You have to work things out. Also, splitting up when you live together is not unlike a divorce. One or both of you have to find a new place to live, you have to separate all your stuff, it’s going to be awkward for your mutual friends, etc. So if you’re thinking about moving in together and you both believe you could just as easily marry each other, than why not just make it official? Because doing so truly says to your partner and the world that you are deeply committed. Then if you want your marriage to last, make it the most important thing in your life.
Free Will by Sam Harris.
When people ask me how to go about learning to code, I tell them to find some small project that is personally important to them and start from there. It’s hard to learn when it’s purely academic and not applied.
We will see. She’s only 16.
There are plenty of websites that provide tutorials. Once you have done a few, think some small project that is important to you and try to build it.
I believe that when a brain is complex enough, a level of adaptability to what’s going on in the moment, we decide that the creature is conscious. Squirrels are conscious, cockroaches are not. I’ve heard some neuroscientists say that an artificial general intelligence could act conscious and even make us think it is but it wouldn’t be. I disagree. If it acts like it’s conscious, if it’s got motivation, etc., then it probably is. If it looks like a fish and acts like a fish, it’s probably a fish.
They are not. In fact, the only thing they have in common is that the are both programming languages whose names begin with “Java.” :) Another option just to get started learning with something that will motivate you to build something and keep learning is Xojo. Go to https://www.xojo.com. You can use it to learn programming for free and they have a lot of resources for learning programming. Once you are comfortable with it, learning other programming languages would be a lot easier because you will have learned the fundamentals of programming which apply to most any language.
Nor was Joan of Arc back when she was burned at the stake for being a heretic.
If we can detect it at all, it’s not supernatural. Think you saw a ghost? Either you didn’t or whatever you saw is not supernatural. It’s important to understand that in the past there was not much science. So while they could see stars (for example), they didn’t know that the fact that they could see them meant they were part of the natural world. Anything supernatural would be undetectable by us with or without the aid of scientific instruments.
Should be an interesting debate this week.
I voted against him because he’s unfit to be President. He seems to prove that nearly every day. The most amazing thing to me is how his supporters can’t see that.
They are sponsoring some Korean dramas. On One Spring Night it seems to be the only sandwich shops they go to. Subway has been sponsoring some as well.
There never was a US-North Korea deal nor should there be. Trump is only interested in publicity not actually doing anything. The US should not be legitimizing North Korea by having pointless talks with Kim Jung Un.
Didn’t this have to happen eventually? They are competitors. I suppose they could have waited until it was just the two of them (should it come to that which perhaps is unlikely) but this was eventually going to happen.
Why should you never use Q-Tips and what should you use instead?
&gt; IS the right approach. Give people a choice. Pete’s plan also won’t ruin 1/6th of the US economy and lose Democrats Congress for the next 15 years if it falls on its face. I agree. And it’s far more likely to actually pass.
Ah. Then why don’t they just make a statement instead of proposing a stupid law? That’s the thing about Vermont. It’s a liberal state except when it comes to guns.
[She](https://youtu.be/O040xuq2FR0) by Elvis Costello.
Climate change is a serious problem. But if Sander’s claim was actually accurate, it would already be too late.
I remember comedians being happy when Bush won re-election because it made their job easier. Trump must make it feel like stealing.
All in Australia no doubt.
That won’t help if 2/3rds of the Democrats in the House and Senate aren’t on board.
And If he knows that, that’s troublesome because it means he’s knowingly misleading people.
That will do them little good if that can’t even get a simple majority. No Republicans will support it and 66% of Democrats won’t. Getting to even a simple majorly would be a monumental task.
I remember when I first heard of Pete Buttigieg. I didn’t know anything about him other than his name and that he was the mayor of a small town. I figured he had no chance. Then I heard him speak. That changed everything. I gave me so much hope that we could have a young, energized, intelligent, articulate President. I quickly realized that to look at him as just a small town mayor was to miss 90% of who Pete Buttigieg is. When people do look at his executive experience as mayor as a negative, I remind them that as mayor, he lead a team of 1000 employees with a budget of almost $400 million. That’s FAR more executive experience than Trump or even Obama when he first ran for the presidency. I’m so looking forward to the Iowa caucus. Pete will (hopefully) do well and it will create momentum. I’m hoping that more Biden supporters will realize that Pete is the better candidate and switch. I also love that while Pete is gay that has hardly been an issue. I absolutely hate identity politics but every time we have someone of a particular identity as President, it chips away at that argument. We’ve had a black President. We might next have a gay one. Then we just need a woman President and we can stop talking about identity politics and the presidency altogether.
Yeah. And the chances of getting Congress to vote to dismantle the medical insurance industry are zero.
That’s a good one. [It’s OK, That’s Love](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/It%27s_Okay,_That%27s_Love) is also really good. The first one we watched was You’re The Best, Lee Soon Shin. It was very good.
As others have said, there are plenty of good people who are atheist. Your parents should consider what the typical Christian says when asked why it’s bad to sin. They will typically say, “Because I don’t want to go to Hell.” In other words, they are acting out of fear more than out of a true sense of morality.
It’s far bigger than it appears to be in this picture. It’s amazing that it survived the bombings during WWII. None of the buildings around it survived.
Of course it will be because theists by definition don’t rely on empirical evidence.
Don’t worry. You’re making perfect sense. Most Christians themselves don’t even live by the rules of the Bible. They cherry-pick what they will follow and rationalize what they won’t. I liked something Bill Maher once said: Most Christians aren’t followers of Jesus. They’re fans.
I’m surprised this article doesn’t mention essay 68 of the Federalist Papers written by Alexander Hamilton. In that essay, Hamilton (who helped to write the Constitution and helped create the Electoral College) stated that it is the job of the electors to make sure a popular but unfit candidate does not assume the presidency. That implies they must be able to vote independently. State laws requiring them to vote based upon who won the popular vote may not technically be unconstitutional, but they certainly violate the spirit with which that document was written.
The existence of the Electoral College means that we don’t elect our President by direct democracy. If the Electoral College had been meant to be what it has become (a proxy for the popular vote) it would be pointless.
In a dictatorship, one person has unlimited power. Electors are elected by each state. That’s hardly comparable to a dictatorship. As for who is unfit, the bar would obviously have to be pretty high but they couldn’t see Trump as being unfit when he clearly was.
&gt; “Your 2nd Amendment is under very serious attack in the Great Commonwealth of Virginia,” Trump wrote in the post, referring to the amendment in the Bill of Rights that gives Americans the right to keep and bear firearms. This is the danger of Trump. The Governor of Virgina is simply trying to save lives. When you have a rally where most people are likely to be armed, bad things are almost certainly going to happen. Imagine if the Governor had not banned guns at this rally and people died. The first question asked would be why the Governor didn’t foresee such an obvious problem.
I’ll just say what everyone else is thinking: He looks like a *Doris*.
Did it start immediately or sometime afterwards?
When you see it... :)
Then it could be coincidental. I’m a drummer and as a kid, I didn’t use ear plugs because they made the drums sound like shit. Over the years my ears would randomly ring and then about 2 years ago, I woke up one morning to my ears ringing and they haven’t stopped since. My mom had Tinnitus so it’s possible there’s a genetic component. Regardless, you now must decide how much power you are going to give your Tinnitus. You can accept it as your new normal and move on (that’s what I did) or allow it to be a never ending source of negativity. I’m not saying mine never bothers me. But most of the time, I don’t notice it. I really only hear it when I’m trying to go to sleep or when I’m thinking about it. Like right now. :)
The organizers of this event are neo-nazis.
Wow, I had never heard of these. Thanks for sharing.
Sort of. They can enact laws that penalize electors for not voting in a manner prescribed by the state. However doing so just removes the purpose of the Electoral College.
Excellent summary that I’d mostly forgotten since US History in high school long ago.
So true!
Quite easily with text messages via smartphones. The deaf person can type/read and the blind person can use speech to text/have their phone read the messages.
Matchmaker.com just over 20 years ago.
I just started playing God of War. If you like a good story, you’ll like God of War. Even on balanced mode, perhaps because I’m not used to games that rely so heavily on melee, I switched to the more story-oriented mode which makes killing the bad guys easier. I haven’t done that with other games like Destiny, Red Dead Redemption 2, Far Cry and Borderlands 3.
Any Christians you find that match a reasonable definition of tolerance are not followers of Jesus. They’re fans.
There are about 3000 different Christian sects. So where shall I begin?
Study after study has proven this to be false so clearly Joe is not keeping up. I think he has aged out of this race.
I’ve got 4 stories: 1) My best friend from my childhood, with whom I was finally reunited after 30 or so years, went out for a walk one night and didn’t come back. They found him the next morning in the parking lot of a commercial building. He had had a heart attack but there was no one around to help him. He died alone in the dark. 2) The ex-wife of one of my wife’s cousins was one of those people so broken that they finally divorced over it. One day she was driving her pickup truck along a country road and lost control. The truck went off the road and turned over in some kind of septic field. I was told she drowned in shit. 3) My brother’s wife of 30 years was a very broken person. She grew up in a very broken household so it’s no surprise. She was an alcoholic and addicted to opioids. About 3 years ago she mixed them one night. My brother woke up to find her barely breathing. He did CPR while waiting for the paramedics. At the ER they gave her a 5% chance of survival. She was in ICU on a respirator in a medically-induced coma. Amazingly, she made a full-recovery. Unfortunately, that wasn’t a big enough wake up call. They moved so she no longer had access to her pill-pushing pain doctor. The new doctor told her she needed to get off the opioids and started reducing her prescription. Last May he reduced again by 50%. She begged him not to telling him she couldn’t live on such a low dose. That day she left to “get some air” and didn’t come back. At 2AM the police knocked on my brother’s door to inform him that she had leaped to her death from a freeway overpass. While that was sad for her, in the long run it’s been a gift for my brother. After 30 years, he finally seems happy. 4) The saddest to me was my uncle who spent his life as a nuclear engineer. He helped build the atomic bomb and rose to a high level at one of the national laboratories here in the US. Not long after he retired, he was diagnosed with ALS. That’s got to be the saddest way to die. Your mind is intact but you slowly lose control of your body until one day you can no longer breath.
I find that those who have strongly-held beliefs are generally not worth the effort. The chances that I will cause them to question their faith are minimal. They gain too much from fooling themselves to bother. Having said that, when I do engage them, I focus on empirical evidence. I explain that we all use empirical evidence every day to make decisions. It’s the only thing we have to tell the difference between fact and fantasy. With that in mind, why would you assume that God, something for which their is no empirical evidence, is fact rather than fantasy? And for those that subscribe to Pascal’s Wager, I say that choosing to believe in something without empirical evidence is not going to be isolated to that one belief. You’re allowing the irrational and that’s bound to leak into other parts of your thinking.
How can he be married to Kellyanne Conway? They are like matter and antimatter.
I’m not a Biden supporter. I assumed from the headline that it was a gaff. It looks to me like Biden felt the reporter was ruffled and he was just trying to get him to calm down. Now as a presidential candidate, I don’t think he should have done it or done it that way. It’s just annoying that the headline was clearly written to make you think Biden gaffed yet again.
No, he’s making fun of the fact that the reporter is pelting him with several rapid fire questions all beginning with *why*. Again, he probably shouldn’t especially given his propensity for gaffes but this isn’t a gaffe.
&gt; That said, I think the balance leans pretty heavily in favor of theism when it comes to the rational arguments. WTF? Faith is the belief in something without evidence. So how exactly is theism based upon rational arguments? It’s exactly the opposite of that.
Who was really in charge of the universe in The Hitchhiker’s Guide to the Galaxy?
In the late 1600’s though the bone was misidentified. It wasn’t for another 200 years that we started to figure out that the Earth had previously been populated with a now extinct group of reptiles that we now know as dinosaurs. https://www.scholastic.com/teachers/articles/teaching-content/when-was-first-dinosaur-discovered/
Because it’s not. It takes place in the same universe but is only tangentially related. Oh, happy cake day. :)
Our knowledge of the universe is extraordinarily limited. We are learning more and more but we have a very long way to go. We have gone from the steady-state theory to expansion-collapse to the now current theory that the expansion is accelerating. I know an astrophysics phd candidate that believes we are misinterpreting red shift and that over great distances, gravity affects light in a different way than we think it does which would result in the universe collapsing, not expanding. I have a friend who is a physics professor and has authored books on relativity. He tells me such a theory flies there the face of what we currently know but he encouraged my student friend to continue his research. The thing about all this is that even if you said that it seems so unlikely the universe would occur in just the right way to result in us, the fact is, no matter how likely or unlikely, it did. It’s also important to consider that no one had counted the failed attempts. How much we will ever know is limited. We can’t see prior to the Big Bang because according to Stephen Hawking, there was no prior. And even if there was a prior, it might be such an alien environment that it’s impossible for us to understand. In the end, there are trillions of planets in our universe. We have already detected planets with atmosphere. We are pretty sure that DNA did not originate on Earth so it’s reasonable to assume there’s life out there somewhere. The problem at the moment is that we are like a colony of ants on a hill in Hawaii wondering if there are ants anywhere else out there across the ocean with no way (yet) to travel the great distances to find out. It’s best that we keep looking then make up an answer that satisfies us but isn’t supported by empirical evidence.
I live in Texas. When I met my wife, she was a Sunday school teacher from a very religious family. Her family immigrated from Korea when she was 2 years old. They knew I wasn’t religious but I think their desire for their daughter to get married overcame the fact that I’m not religious. I also think my mother-in-law thought my wife would take me to church and I would somehow see the light. If anything, it’s exactly the opposite. My wife has become less religious and our children are atheists. Having said this, my in-laws are wonderful people and they mostly accept that I’m atheist and that that’s not going to change. They know that I’m a good person and that is what matters.
I care about the truth above all else. I’m not going to engage in self-delusion simply because it might feel better. I can’t lie to myself so it wouldn’t work anyway.
An altered state of consciousness is not automatically a truer state.
I was 20. My girlfriend at the time was in her first year of college after 4 years of all-girl catholic high school. She had just finished her first semester of human sexuality class when she was introduced to me. Basically, I was at ground zero when the bomb went off.
We don’t currently know how one would do that but I can tell you this, it won’t involve faith.
If I take a pitcher of water and pour Kool-Aid mix into it, it’s no longer water. It’s Kool-Aid. The same is true for taking psychedelics. There’s value in the experience but thinking that it puts you into a truer state of consciousness is something that no neuroscientist (even ones that have experienced psychedelics like Sam Harris) would agree with.
There’s so many undecided and so many that said they could still change their minds that these polls seem meaningless to me.
Live on 80% of your income and put the rest in a low-cost mutual fund. By the time you are middle-aged you’ll have a lot more financial security than many others.
That IS what Ripley essentially did to save her life at the end of Alien.
True but she DID think of it and it DID save save her life which answers OP’s question.
Nor are there any dates in the Bible that could be used to make accurate predictions.
You’re not unlike my daughter who was admitted for the 2020-2021 year. I’d say you have a pretty good chance.
And if he knows it all before he does it, what’s the point of doing it in the first place?
God is almost always described as being *supernatural* thus outside of nature which means outside of science. So things like free will don’t have to apply to him and thus you have nearly every answer to questions like this from Christian apologists. For myself, I’m convinced that free will is an illusion at least in the way most people think of it.
Most Christians are also not aware that the Devil was a archangel who was actually just trying to strictly follow the rules. There are so many holes in Christian theology and no doubt the theology of all other supernatural religions. But the answer we always seem to get is that we can’t understand why God does what he does. The one I love best though is when I point out something that is so obviously evil such as the way God tests Job’s faith by telling them to kill his son (and since he’s all-knowing, why is this necessary?) and the answer I get is, “Anything God does is by definition, good.” Yeah, right.
What I would say when it comes to crime is that we shouldn’t hold people responsible, but we should hold them accountable. In other words, I understand that you had no choice but to beat that other man senseless because of the horrible conditions under which you were raised but you are nevertheless a danger to society so we will isolate you from society and work in rehabilitating you. Once you appear to be safe to return to society, you’ll be released.
I’ve heard others say something like that. Self-delusion can be an addictive drug. My standard argument against faith is that faith is the belief in something without empirical evidence but it is empirical evidence that is the only thing we have to tell the difference between fact and fantasy. It’s the only tool we have to know what is real and what is not. To believe in anything on faith is to accept that you may very well be deluding yourself.
Indeed. Our recidivism rate is 65%. That’s pretty awful. Our justice system is based mostly upon revenge than anything else. Once you accept that free will is an illusion, you realize just how broken the US justice system truly is.
Agreed.
I’ve never heard of Zoroastrianism. Interesting. I mentioned the devil being an archangel because the Bible said he was a high ranking angel before he fell and those were called Archangels.
I wonder if the women get equal pay per flog?
Fascinating stuff. I can’t believe that I had never heard of this but it makes sense that something had to come before Judaism. Thanks for the reminder that the Devil as a fallen angel is not in the a bible. I find that the average atheist is actually far more educated about the details of the popular religions than the average follower of those religions. It makes sense given that atheists tend to want to understand things from a rational point of view whereas the typical person of faith is willing to accept just about anything provided it makes them feel good.
Actually, we have. I can’t find the article at the moment but I read years ago how some scientists at a university (in San Diego, California I believe) genetically modified grass to stop growing at 2”.
I’m sure someone said that originally about the polio vaccine. This is why we test things. They are at the proof of concept stage. They have shown it work on mice. Next will be large animals before human trials. There’s a long way to go before this is a solution but it looks promising.
I’m in Texas and paid $150 out of pocket for my test. Insurance by law is required to reimburse but they wouldn’t and the state insurance board wouldn’t do anything about it. It was still worth the money though.
I paid $150 about 6 years ago. That’s without insurance contributing anything.
You can teach morality without committing an immoral act. Killing a wild animal in an attempt to teach morality would qualify as immoral in my book.
I’m struggling to believe coyotes kill for sport. They are not big animals and attempting to kill something is not without risk. A coyote that gets injured in an attack may die from its injuries. From what I’m reading they DO NOT kill for sport as I suspected. They don’t always eat what they kill but that doesn’t mean they are killing for sport. They are sometimes killing animals they would otherwise be competing with for resources.
A lot of muslims come to the US for school and decide they are on an Islamic time-out. They do all the things they are not allowed to do back home. That means they don’t really believe it, they just go along with it when they have no other choice. I applaud you for thinking critically and independently. Let me correct one thing though. You did not *convert* to atheism. When you stopped believing in God, you became an atheist by definition. As for advice on dealing with your family, that depends. Are you an adult? Are you financially dependent upon your family? Do you live in a Muslim country? If you are an adult, living in a non-Muslim country and are financially independent, well, relationships are built upon honesty. If you can’t be honest with your family then you don’t really have a relationship with them. If telling them would put you in danger, don’t tell them until you are in a place where you can be permanently safe. Once you are there, not telling them is a form of lying because you are allowing them to continue to believe something about you that you know is not true. You’re being honest with yourself about your religious beliefs (or lack thereof now) but you should also be honest with them. Just to be perfectly clear, this all goes out the window if telling them at any time could put you in danger.
Seems like this belongs in /r/nottheonion.
He thinks he’s the best President for African Americans since Lincoln? I guess in the late 60’s he was too busy dodging the draft to notice President Johnson signing the Civil Rights Act. Trump is like diarrhea. An unpleasant, foul-smelling experience that can’t be gone soon enough.
As a kid, instead of singing, “I’m bad, I’m nationwide” I thought ZZ Top was singing, “I’m bad, I’m Asian-White”.
Häagen Dazs Chocolate Peanut Butter.
Presuming you mean that if there’s a past decision I could change that I would indeed choose to change it, I have no regrets. I say this because any change to the past would likely have lead to a different present. For example, in high school one of my best friends, unable live up to his parent’s expectations, decided to rebel. I wish I had been smart enough back then to encourage him to not worry about what his parents thought. The more he rebelled, the further apart we drifted. I caught up with him several years ago after having not seen him in something like 25 years. He had had a very difficult life. Two months later, he died of a heart attack. So let’s say I could go back and help him find a different path than rebelling against his parents in ways that only hurt him. It may or may not have made a difference for him but it would certainly make one for me. My life path would have change and likely resulted in a different future for me. I like my life now so I wouldn’t change the past for fear that it would result in a different present. It is not good to wish you’d done something different in the past because you cannot change it. However, regret does have value in helping you to make better decisions in the future. The situation with my friend in high school helped to inform me on how to handle that type of situation better in the future.
I’m always suspicious of an article that makes a claim based upon a report to which it doesn’t name, quote or link. Basically, this article is not reporting anything. It’s an opinion piece where the author lies about a non-existent report from the WHO.
Eat right, exercise, get enough sleep, don’t abuse anything, try not to stress about stuff that doesn’t really matter. And I don’t think of myself as old. That’s key. Once you start thinking you’re old, it’s downhill from there.
It boils down to the fact that if you don’t require empirical evidence, you can choose to believe in anything. I could make up a faith way better than Christianity and it would be supported by just as much empirical evidence. To believe without empirical evidence is self-delusion.
Well, it IS a very nice shack. :)
The other thing I should have added is have good genes. My parents are in their mid-80s and still in good health.
When I inexplicably asked her one night if she had ever written her first name with my last name. We married 5 months later. That was over 20 years ago.
Not fun as the lack of gravity would make friction challenging. Not impossible, just challenging.
Oh it gets better than that. She was on matchmaker.com but decided to let her account lapse because she wasn’t meeting anyone she liked. She came back from being overseas for 3 weeks, forgot she had let it lapse and tried to sign on. Of course she couldn’t but the smart folks at matchmaker.com mentioned that she had a few messages waiting. So she paid for another month to read those few messages that had come in before her account had expired. A few days later I’m searching and not wanting to meet anyone far away, I limited my search to 50 miles. So I’m about to search when I realize that I have accidentally chosen 60 miles (the next option). My mouse is over the Search button and feeling too lazy to move it to the other side of the dialog box to change the search radius, I clicked search. She came up because she was 51 miles away. We talked on the phone almost every night for a month when finally our weekend schedules aligned allowing us to meet in person. We saw each other every Saturday for the next month and then, like I said without thinking, I asked her to marry me (in a roundabout way). So from the day we connected online to the day we married was about 6 months. Being Korean, when we decided to get married, her Dad grilled me for 3 hours before giving us his blessing. Having said that, my in-laws are the best. They bend over backwards for us. Despite the very short time we dated before getting married, we have been very happy. That month on the phone made a big difference. Having not met in person, we didn’t have physical chemistry clouding our judgment. We talked about everything we could think of since we had so little at stake. By the time we met in person, we knew we were compatible. It was just a question of how we felt around each other. We feel extraordinarily lucky to have found each other. We have two wonderful kids as well.
I’ve done my part. My kids are mixed race.
The only phrase with the appropriate level of contempt for someone that would use the phrase “OK, Boomer” is: “Ok, Asshole.”
I was about to. I had the gun to my head with my finger on the trigger. Then I figured that I might regret having not checked Reddit one last time. I saw your message and realized that life did have meaning, that there was something worth living for: replying to pointless questions on Reddit.
You say you don’t hate homosexuals, don’t believe in judging people and are not ignorant. And yet the Bible makes it clear that homosexuality is a sin, it’s filled with judgment as well as ignorance. So you claim to be Christian. The Christian holy book represents the three things you claim you are not. As long as you continue to claim to be a Christian, atheists are going to see you as someone who shares the views that define Christianity. You say that to be Christian is not about hating homosexuals, judging people and being ignorant but unfortunately it absolutely includes all three of those things. You are kidding yourself if you think otherwise. My advice to you is either accept this as the price of admission or decide that logically Christianity does not make sense, is not compatible with your world view and that you can be a moral person without the Bronze Age mythology that comes with being a Christian. You sound like a decent, rational person and while it’s understandable that you want to be part of the Christian club, you don’t actually believe what Christians believe. I would argue that you’re not a Christian at all. I can’t imagine that most Christians would be OK with your views. So you are currently stuck in no man’s land. You aren’t really a Christian but you claim to be one. This means you aren’t truly accepted by other Christians (unless you keep your views well-hidden) nor are you accepted by atheists because you claim to be a Christian. As for why atheists are hard on Christians, well, not all of us are of course but what we see in Christianity is irrational self-delusion. There is no evidence to support the existence of the Abrahamic god let alone that the Bible is his infallible word. We believe in what is supported by empirical evidence. When we come across someone who believes not because something is supported by evidence but simply because it feels good to believe, we see them as part of the problem rather than the solution. We are only going to survive long term as a species if we can stop believing in things that aren’t supported by empirical evidence. Because without that requirement, there’s no reason to face the difficult choices we must make to continue forward. Instead we can just make up an irrational excuse to ignore these things. You can’t build a chinese wall in your mind around your irrational religious beliefs. Irrationality will seep into other areas of your mind and impact your decision making. It sounds like you don’t have both feet firmly in one camp or the other. From what you have said, you do sound like a moral person but you don’t sound like a Christian. If you want to stop be criticized by atheists, perhaps it’s time to be honest with yourself. You’re not a Christian. You’re a moral person, just not a Christian.
BTW, I see some of your comments on another post where you make the statement that no one can prove God does not exist. The burden of proof does not work that way. It is you (and other followers of Abrahamic faiths) that are making the claim that God exists so the burden of prove falls squarely on your shoulders. The atheist does not say that god does not exist. The atheist says that he or she does not believe in God due to a lack of evidence. These are not equivalents.
Because I only believe in what is supported by empirical evidence. Without that requirement, anything becomes believable and the ability to tell fact from fantasy vanishes.
It was a long time ago but my parents handed me a book that was designed to explain it all to a 5th grader.
I was in elementary school. I came home early from school and found them on a blanket in front of the fireplace. Dad freaks and started running upstairs when Mom yelled at him to stop, probably thinking it would freak me out. Then the two of them casually went upstairs and got dressed. We probably talked about it after that but I don’t actually remember any conversation.
The second before the crash when I saw the other car coming nearly straight at me. I was in the left lane. A van was in the right lane and was turning right. Someone was turning left from the perpendicular lane to my right and couldn’t see me because of the van between us. I was doing about 45MPH and with maybe 20 feet between the front of my car and theirs I had just enough time to think, “You’ve got to be kidding.” We hit almost head on. The force broke her driver’s side front wheel off the axle and totaled both cars. If I hadn’t been wearing a seatbelt I doubt I would have survived the crash.
That’s great to hear. The great thing about the truth is how well it syncs with reality. And life certainly is more precious when you realize it’s the only one you’ve got.
Fortunately we stopped rather than being forced into the opposing lanes. This was a long time ago (25 years). The other driver was a woman in her 60’s. She received a ticket for reckless driving which she decided to fight so I was called to court as a witness for the state. She hired a lawyer and had diagrams of the street and pictures. She was trying to show that the bushes were overgrown but the judge wasn’t buying it. He said (correctly) that if she had just waited until the van finished turning, she would have been able to see if it was clear or not. He also threw out the diagrams as evidence when it turned out they had been created by her son. She knew her insurance premiums were going to go up if she couldn’t get rid of that ticket. The whole thing was a bummer because that little car of mine while older, had been in excellent shape with low mileage and I knew I would never find one like it again. I ended up replacing it with the same model but two years older, a lot more miles on it and not nearly as nice inside. :( All because this lady couldn’t be patient for 2 more seconds. I had whiplash from the accident but after about 2 weeks or so it went away.
Agreed.
It’s already shipped and is due out by the end of the month.
If you want your marriage to be successful, make it the number one priority in your life. And before you get too serious with someone that might be marriage material, read Dr. John Gottman’s book, “Why Marriages Succeed or Fail.” He can predict with 94% accuracy which couples will still be together in 5 years. This book will save you a lot of grief. In my case, I read it, immediately ended my 3 year relationship that was clearly doomed and a month later met the woman to whom I have been happily married for over 20 years.
It depends. If the programming you are doing for games is in a language you’d use elsewhere, sure. Consider however, that money is not the only thing. It’s also important to enjoy your work.
Because wireless for me is better. I can’t tell you how many times I have accidentally pulled an earbud out while walking my dog which is the primary time I use them. Airpods solved that problem.
What makes someone think they are going to get away with this when they spend the money on a Rolls Royce? Almost certainly someone that knows him got suspicious of where the Rolls came from that or the SBA caught him in a random audit.
Huh?
And is your username a Juluka reference?
Juluka was the first popular mixed-race musical group from South Africa during apartheid. It was illegal then for bands to be mixed-race.
I would look there. Once a month isn’t too bad and Pflugerville is a good place to raise kids.
Their biggest hit was Scatterlings of Africa and they mention Olduvai in that song.
The Founding Fathers were concerned that the Federal Government might use its power to control the states via its army. To counteract this, the Constitution gave the states the right to have their own militias. It is those militias to which the Constitution refers when it says: “A well-regulated Militia, being necessary to the security of a free State, the right of the people to keep and bear Arms, shall not be infringed.” As is pointed out [in this article in The Atlantic,](https://www.theatlantic.com/politics/archive/2018/03/second-amendment-text-context/555101/) the 2nd Amendment can’t be interpreted as giving individuals the right to own guns unless we are going to change the rules of the English language. Additionally, several times in the past the Supreme Court refused to specifically rule in cases where the 2nd amendment could be interpreted as being about individual gun ownership. In fact conservative, Nixon-appointed Supreme Court Justice Warren Burger strongly believed that the 2nd Amendment did not provide for individual gun ownership. It was the [NRA that moved the argument into the court of public opinion](https://www.politico.com/magazine/story/2014/05/nra-guns-second-amendment-106856) and that’s where it began to change. The problem we have today is that there are more guns than people in this country and thus it’s going to take a significant amount of political will to swing the public opinion away from the popular but incorrect interpretation of the 2nd Amendment. You’d think that we would inch closer to that with each mass shooting but instead the sharp edge of those atrocities is becoming blunted. If anything, the pro-gun supporters use these incidents as evidence that individuals should be armed. The problem with this logic is that mass shootings have almost never been thwarted by armed citizens. In fact, it is armed citizens that cause mass shootings to occur. The self-defense argument is also not a good one because when you compare home invasion statistics to the number that have been stopped by those with guns in their homes to the number of family members that have been killed because their was a gun in the home when an argument broke out, it’s clear that far more people die as a result of the latter than are saved by the former. I hope that some day we will get over our emotional and irrational attachment to gun ownership. A good step in that direction would be to require a license to own a gun that requires regular training because an untrained person wielding a gun in a panic is almost certainly more dangerous to themselves and those they wish to protect than an unarmed one.
They were clearly manipulating you. They wanted you to thank God so they could choose to believe that despite your stated position of being atheist, you do in fact believe in God. You have every right to be upset. I would want to make it clear that they have no right to push their beliefs on me and if they don’t like my versions of a prayer, they’d do well not to ask me to provide on in the future. Sorry to hear about college. My daughter is trying to make the same decision though for her, at least at this point, it is a decision. I think she should stay home and do her first semester online but she’s leaning towards going. I don’t see the point of the primary benefits of being there in-person won’t exist due to the requirements to keep students and faculty safe during the pandemic.
Wow, that’s dark.
We believe in what exists based upon empirical evidence. You also believe this way but have carved out an exception for God because it makes you feel good to believe he exists. The problem with this is that it’s self-delusion and it will or has likely leaked into other areas of your life in terms of decision-making which means your choices are deviating further and further from the reality in which you actually live. The problem with that is that reality doesn’t care what you think is true.
The parties actually flipped in the late 1800s I believe.
It’s important to remember that the accuracy of the Bible is almost certainly extremely low nor can we even be certain that any of it ever happened. With that in mind you should assume it’s fiction until you have evidence to the contrary.
There is nothing that would convince me because the Abrahamic God is described as being supernatural (outside of nature) and as such is also outside the realm of science since science is the study of the natural world. Therefore it would be impossible to verify that this individual was indeed the Abrahamic god or indeed any god at all. And I agree with one of the other posters that you come across as a troll given your account is hours old.
I once realized i was in a dream so I tried to wake up only to find myself in yet another dream.
Does it always have to be Canada? I prefer New Zealand.
To be a pro, you need to be paid. That’s literally what the word *professional* means. I assume you aren’t getting paid to not have sex. Happy cake day though.
Laughing.
Orc lives clearly do not matter, at least to anyone other than orcs.
They claim a million people registered and they booked a 19,000 seat venue which appears to only be half-full? The Trump campaign just got trolled big time.
I heard that as well.
TIL that Jeff Bezos May be rich but he’s not rich enough to buy every American a Toyota Sienna.
That’s half true.
Religion primarily provides answers to the unanswerable questions. Science has been chipping away at these so there are fewer and fewer questions that remain otherwise unanswerable. As scientific knowledge has increased, religious participation has decreased. This suggests that one day it may very well be effectively extinct.
Social Media. It’s turned what once required a small and very educated group of people to do and has made it possible for anyone to say anything at essentially zero cost. The competition this has created for the news media can’t be overstated. As a result, they have become increasingly willing to stretch the truth and certainly have no interest in fact checking as more time on site means more ad revenue. Fixing it requires the masses to want facts over fiction that confirms their biases. Not sure how we accomplish that.
I could also start shitting gold nuggets but like Trump’s chances of victory, it’s not very likely.
Hospitals bill for everything imaginable at the highest possible rate because they deal with so many different insurance carriers and they all pay for different things at different amounts. In early May, my wife spent 4 days in the hospital for cancer surgery. The bill for just the hospital stay (not counting any of the surgery costs) was $240,000. Our insurance company repriced the bill down to 110% of what Medicare pays and that was $11,000. If you have insurance, that’s likely what will happen. If you don’t, I would suggest you offer to settle for $10K and see what they say. Because I’m guessing at the full price of that Bill you go bankrupt and the hospital gets nothing. They will likely also let you pay it off at $20 per month forever.
Holding my wife’s hand.
I think of representatives from Medicare, the insurance industry and healthcare created a pricing board where they agreed in advance what things should reasonably cost, it would make the entire system far more efficient. It’s also important to remember that if you have any sort of healthcare coverage, you are the patient but not the customer. The customer is the one who pays and that’s almost always Medicare or the insurance company. In that case, having them negotiate pricing up front makes a lot of sense and can’t be consider collusion.
Lord of the Rings is my favorite series but Harry Potter is up there as well.
TheManInTheShack is a character in The Hitchhiker’s Guide to the Galaxy by Douglas Adams. The Man in the Shack lived in a tiny shack on a remote planet. The leaders of planets relied upon his advice to rule their worlds. He effectively ruled the galaxy but had no idea he was doing so.
I have it as well and while I can’t speak to the difference in your experience compared to mine, given that I can do nothing about it, I have accepted it. It’s been a part of my reality, my new normal, for 5 years now. I’ve made the decision not to let it ruin my life.
When, with our newborn daughter in neonatal intensive care, the doctor said, “If her bilirubin continues to climb, she could have permanent brain damage.” She’s 19 now, graduated in the top 10% of her class with a 4.0 GPA, was President of the largest club in her high school and leaves for college in Washington DC in August.
That moment after the doctor made that statement felt like the longest minute of my life. I thought that was obvious but perhaps it wasn’t.
I remember waking up one morning, noticing that my ears were ringing then noticing they had not stopped ringing and being concerned about it. They have never stopped since. I can’t tell you how I got used to it other than simply accepting it. I occasionally wish that I could once again enjoy silence but then I tell myself that that’s not likely to ever happen and wishing for it doesn’t help. The bottom line is that you must truly accept it. You haven’t yet and that’s why it still bothers you so much. You want to believe it could go away but it likely will not. So the sooner you can accept it, the better. Acceptance to me is when you acknowledge something to the point where it no longer bothers you for the most part. That doesn’t mean you like it, just that it mostly doesn’t bother you.
When I was in high school, I bought a moped from an ad in the local paper so I wouldn’t have to walk the mile to and from school each day. It immediately malfunctioned so I took it to a repair shop. A few days later a friend with a pickup truck took me to the shop to get it. By the time we got home is was dark but I wanted to take it for a ride. I just went about 100 yards and a cop pulled me over because I didn’t have my headlight on. He called in the serial number and it turned out the moped was stolen. He arrested me about 100 feet from my house. My parents came down to the police station. They knew I had done nothing wrong. My mom showed the police the ad from the newspaper and the Matter was dropped. A few weeks later, I came home from school and my mom told me that the police had gone to the guy from whom I bought the moped and told them that unless he gave me my money back, he would look pretty guilty. They had a check waiting for me. I picked it up and have never ridden a moped since.
The polls, but more importantly the prediction markets, disagree. That and historically we don’t re-elect a President in a bad economy. Obama just barely won and unemployment was at 7% not the 15 to 20% it’s at today. Add in the fact that the extra unemployment benefits and various debt protections are all going to end come September which could send the economy off a cliff, and there’s almost no possibly he will win. I think he’s going to lose by a wide margin - 10 points at least.
https://i.imgur.com/lYukbet.jpg
Of all the religions, JW is the worst. If you can’t have fun, if you can’t celebrate the feelings you have for others, what exactly is the goddam point?
It really depends. Operating systems are constantly advancing along with hardware. As a result, software has to be updated. In theory if you never get a new computer and never update your OS, the software you have installed should continue to work as it always has. This is just rarely the case. Computers get replaced, new operating systems are released requiring third party software to be updated.
No. All mammals live a certain number of years on average based upon their species average heart rate. In other words, all mammals have hearts that last about the same number of beats.
The simplest explanation tends to be the right one. Given that there is not a single shred of empirical evidence to support the existence of God, the simplest explanation is that he does not exist.
Bugs sometimes get fixed that the developer assumed were not bugs and are depending on the behavior. New features get added to improve productivity and thus software often must be updated to take advantage of them. Software is not like a book that never requires updating. Software is often never complete because the processes that the software is designed to aid change over time.
Ignorance isn’t always bliss apparently.
Trump does not choose people who have the skills and experience for a particular cabinet position. He chooses them based upon their loyalty to him. Betsy DeVos is totally unqualified. Rick Perry was Energy Secretary. You can bet that Trump thought that since Perry came from Texas, an oil-producing state, he’d be perfect for the job. Except that the primary responsibility of the Department of Energy is to manage our nuclear weapons. Perry has a degree in animal sciences. His predecessor (Obama’s Energy Secretary) has a PhD in Nuclear Physics. Then you have Dr. Ben Carson who when asked if he would accept an offered cabinet position said he would not because he’s not qualified. But he accepts one anyway as the head is Housing and Urban Development. Trump is a real estate developer and the best person he could find for HUD was a pediatric neurosurgeon? And why wasn’t Dr. Carson considered for Surgeon General? All of this makes it clear that Trump is and has been since he became President, hopelessly out of his depth.
That’s not what science is saying. We don’t know what caused the Big Bang.
This is a common misunderstanding of atheism. There are two forms: 1) Agnostic Atheism - I don’t believe there is a God due to lack of empirical evidence but since I can’t prove God does not exist, I at least acknowledge that it’s not impossible that he does. 2) Gnostic Atheism - I’m certain that God does not exist. Scientifically, the latter is irrational and the former is the only rational position anyone can take.
Or they have to watch you die.
If China wanted to make an aggressive move towards Taiwan, there would be no better time than when the rest of the world has far bigger problems at home to content with and can’t exactly cut China off at the moment. It would still be ugly but there may not be a better time. Perhaps Hong Kong and now this are just testing the waters. Update: For those of you who are downvoting, I’m not suggesting this is a good idea, I’m simply observing what is going on. I think China should fuck off when it comes to Taiwan. Unless those of you who are downvoting are Chinese government. Then it would make perfect sense.
I’m not a fan of Reagan and certainly wouldn’t pick him as a great President but like Lincoln, he did something big and beneficial in ending the Cold War. He did it by outspending the Soviet Union, bankrupting then in the process. We can’t say if there was some other way that would have worked but it did work.
Probably about a month. But then, I’m pretty logical and rational. It takes a lot to rattle my cage. So I’m good about accepting what I can’t change because I know that to not accept it simply drives up the cost to me. Having Tinnitus AND heaping more misery upon myself about it makes it so much worse. It’s not terminal cancer. My wife hasn’t died. There are far worse things that could have happened so I guess I figure that this is just one of those things and if this is the worst of it, I’m pretty lucky. Of consider there is no way for us to compare our experiences. Yours may be genuinely far worse than mine. Who knows?
Where did you go? Which one? She’s going to George Washington.
I’d forgotten about that! Classic! And then he turned to Jeb Bush for help and he just shrugged his shoulders. That was a great moment. :)
Batman hasn’t aged well. Probably all the booze.
I consider the White House a monument that Trump defaces daily with this presence.
I did indeed. Startled, Dad took off up the stairs. Mom, having the presence of mind to realize that overreacting could scar me for life, yelled, “Stop!” at my Dad and he did. They both them quietly walked up stairs. I assume we talked after about it afterwards but I have no memory of that. Perhaps the talk was the thing that scarred me to the point that I blocked that memory. :)
Telling you creates a timeline that, well, just trust me when I say that you don’t want to know about it. As for the rest, I’m working on it but history does not like to be changed.
Thanks!
Oddly specific at least.
A tie between walking down the aisle with my wife and the births of my kids.
I run a tech company that I founded.
Atheists do not believe in deities due to a lack of empirical evidence. There is no *atheist* news just as there is no *not baseball* news. Atheists may post articles about the irrational goings-on at churches around the world simply because it reminds them about one of the benefits to a more rational view: not doing stupid shit.
I wouldn’t quite say fetish but my wife had surgery a bit over a month ago and since has not been able to reach her backside to wash it in the shower. When she asked me to do it, I did it out of a sense of duty. Now I kind of like it.
Japan disliking Korea having more power and influence. Shocking.
Do you know *why* Koreans have no love for the Japanese? Japan invaded Korea in the early part of the last century. They even outlawed the Korean language and started teaching everyone Japanese. This is why my Korean father-in-law knows some Japanese. He was a kid in Korea when the Japanese invaded. You can find old maps of the world from back then where the Korean Peninsula isn’t even labeled, “Korea.” Additionally, if you ever get a chance to visit Hiroshima, you’ll notice there’s a Korean WWII memorial there. Why? Because when the United States dropped an atomic bomb on Hiroshima, there were Koreans in Hiroshima. What were they doing there? During WWII, the Japanese would routinely land on the shores of Korea, kidnap people, then bring them back to Japan to work as slaves in the Japanese war factories. So if the Koreans have any hatred towards the Japanese, it’s certainly well-deserved.
And at the Peace Park museum, while they do have letters to every nuclear power from every mayor of Hiroshima asking them to disarm, there’s no admission that the Japanese brought that upon themselves. They attacked the United States without provocation. It seems that sincerely admitting mistakes is not part of the Japanese culture.
