Our whole division did. A surprisingly tough AFC East and the solid NFC North? Plus beating the shit out of each other.
I don't want to see the Broncos or the Redskins. They don't seem that interesting, especially if Kirk Cousins leaves Washington. The Chargers could be good because of Philip Rivers, the Ravens have John Harbaugh who is entertaining, the Browns are still trying to overcome a bad case of the Jimmy Haslams, and the 49ers have some good pieces plus a Garappolo.
For those wondering about tackles/game avg: Wagner: 8.81 P. Brown: 8.25 Lee: 9.35 Z. Brown: 7.84 Wright: 7.44 Smith: 7.91 Kuechly: 9.08
Actually in 2015 pff had to reevaluate how they grade linebackers because Luke Kuechly was over 100.
Benwikere developed fine until he broke his leg in 2015. He never really recovered from that. Not sure if it was poor conditioning, bad luck, or what, but he was never the same after that.
The evolution of Team Fortress 2
I too dislike Chimchar, but it's more fire/fighting fatigue and the fact that it's in Sinnoh than the fact that it's a monkey.
Emboar is awesome. Don't listen to the haters :)
It's mostly hotels and restaurants and transportation. Open-air stadium has little to do with it compared to those three.
I mean, if ESPN hasn't fired him by now, you know that if they did his replacement would be even worse.
I'd be okay with this. He's honestly not that great of a QB coach.
Breaking: The Raiders announce that there will be pools in their new Vegas stadium.
Except that Super Bowl at Metlife in New Jersey...
I want to say, to most Saints fans, good game. To those of you who were happy and taunting Cam after he got hurt, fuck you. You are a disgrace to NFL fans.
I'm talking about in the game thread.
Shula is actually a decent play designer. He's really creative. However, he sucks balls at calling plays in-game. The idea of 'halftime adjustment' is completely foreign to him, and he refuses to let Cam run the no huddle even though Cam has shown he is really good at it.
If they insist on keeping cutscenes, at least give the player character more than one expression. "Oh, the world is ending, let me smile like a fucking idiot." "Oh, we just got bad news? Let me smile like I'm a slowpoke."
In the thread, not the stadium, mate.
And we care about this guy's opinion why?
The rest of the NFL has been distracting him with Philly Cheesesteaks and Kansas City BBQ.
Yeah. You have to worry about the safety of the official right there with the speed of the NFL.
Warning for you guys Stay out of /r/nfl Flair downvoting there
I sincerely doubt we cut Coleman. If one of our safeties gets cut, it's probably going to be Mike Adams, primarily for age reasons. Star doesn't sound like he's coming back, as he said he wants to test the waters and I don't think we'll win either way while bidding with 4-8 other teams that will be interested in him. I hope we don't go WR in the first, because there really isn't a lot of first round talent there, and I suspect what there is will be picked up by the time we roll around. I'd love an edge rusher or a out-of-the-park BPA in the first, then pick up a RB and a safety in the 2nd and 3rd.
In other words, Pokemon in about a hundred years.
I'm worried he'll end up like Calvin Johnson.
I hate that Julio is on your team but I really don't wish an injury-riddled career for him.
Fucking nepotism and Ron Rivera being conservative as fuck. And here I thought we'd see improvement from our offense.
Hold on here I'm gonna need some more sources backing this up...
Be the '07 or '11 Giants.
I hope so
I'd vote for Greg Maddux myself but that's just personal opinion.
Why does HP-universe Garry have to be male? Hannah Abbot or Susan Bones would make good Garry's. Or Eloise Midgen.
Daphne could be April.
Damn straight it is.
I went in blind so my typical strat of Shiinotic Spore + Strength Sap spam didn't work as my Shiinotic got OHKO. So I went with my next strat and sent out Probopass, used Thunder Wave and spammed a couple Power Gems to chip away a bit. I then sent out Tauros and got a Scary Face in before it knocked him out. Then I sent out Araquanid and used Power Split (a move that I had been experimenting with), and it worked out great. Now Araquanid had some offense, so a steady diet of Leech Life and Liquidation took it out without too much trouble.
I don't, really. Some people really like legendaries, and so I think it's good that they have plenty of options. I personally don't care either way about legendaries. Thankfully the games don't *require* you to catch them often, and most legendary encounters are entirely optional. So I don't feel coerced very often. The system works for both groups of people.
I really wish the point was a little less cramped. It's also really easy to keep a level 3 sentry up covering the point. The amount of spam on the point at any given moment is ridiculous. Therefore, like Viaduct, this map is prone to one team rolling the other. Still looks pretty though.
Oranguru is pretty decent. It's got decent bulk and can learn a variety of moves to improve its stats.
Oh come on, seriously? This is going on all over this thread.
Sure, fine.
Is there a site that this is on where I don't have to sign up/log in to hear it?
The Saints almost lost to the Panthers on a last-second perfectly placed TD pass. Then next week they turn around and lose to the Vikings on a last-second perfectly placed TD pass. Heh.
Wilks has been our assistant HC for several years now, though.
I'd still take it over r/nba. Last year there was rampant brigading, flair-based downvoting/upvoting, laughably inconsistent moderation. Your post's karma was entirely dependent on whether the Cavs bandwagon or the Warriors bandwagon saw it first, even if you were talking about something completely benign. r/nfl does have circlejerking and flair-based downvoting/upvoting, but I rarely see anything that even looks like brigading.
I dunno. I didn't like getting downvoted to oblivion several times for statements that weren't inflammatory at all.
Hell yeah I was really hoping he'd fall to us. Still, Jacksonville's a great place for him.
I like hearing things from the perspective of a woman. It's frequently eye-opening, usually interesting, and always fresh. I don't comment much because I'm not really welcome here, but that's okay. I can lurk with the best of them! Most interesting thing I've learned: women also aren't happy about society telling them they should wait for the guy to ask them out.
I can't disagree with point 9 enough. Yet again, lazy writers are equating team success with QB success.
He has a bandwagon curse. Every time he's had a bandwagon flair, that team has lost. So he's rocking the Pats bandwagon flair so that they will lose.
Bad News Bears
Filling in for Dan Carlin on Hardcore History: [Blake](https://images.fantasypros.com/images/nfl/players/250x250/12090.jpg) [Dan](https://static1.squarespace.com/static/513faeaee4b0c6bca993e6a0/t/551f379ee4b0d8eff62bdcf8/1428109215086/)
Sean Payton's ego
My dropped toast landing butter side up
Watching an Adam Sandler movie marathon
Whoa man...that's a bit too far for me.
Other things Leonard Fournette signed after his car crash
Good point :)
Not me, my friend. And I still don't know why, but he was sick all night after that.
Working at a grocery store
Nah, we were like this even before Cam. We're by far the most inconsistent and hard to figure out team of the last twenty years.
I want a dimension where every Pokemon's physical and special stats are switched while they are inside it. So their attack and special attack switch, and their defense and special defense switch.
Peyton Manning
The moves are not affected, only the stats.
Thanks for that, by the way.
I guess Patriots fans [all main Soldier in TF2](https://i.ytimg.com/vi/zkFByRxgQZc/maxresdefault.jpg) and run the Beggar's Bazooka/Concheror/Escape Plan set.
C'mon, man, read the post.
As someone who loves great basketball, I wish we'd play more often. As someone who likes the Spurs actually winning most of our games, I'm also glad we only play twice a year.
If you know what the hands of the doctor I was not so
That's a rather rude thing to say, tbh.
I must be out of the loop on that one, sorry.
Oh. Well that makes sense now. Thanks!
Still sucks that he did those things. He needs to face some sort of punishment for that bullshit. Dammit, I was okay with Richardson as an owner until this stuff came out.
Just look at Saxton Hale
Either my 8-year-old RBI single to win the game in little league, or my 10th-grade strip sack of our rival team's quarterback. And other than a couple of interceptions and one touchdown reception in high school, those comprise basically the entirety of anything notable I ever did in sports.
I've put diced tomatoes on my pizza and it worked okay, but tomato slices might be a bit much.
I'd feel the same way if it was the Cowboys, just because the last thing sports media needs is another excuse to talk about the Cowboys.
Which is insane, because we've had an injury-ravaged O-line, Greg Olsen hurt for most of one season, underwhelming and/or injured WRs at best, and an often-injured Jonathan Stewart. We had a great LG, a solid RG (who missed three games this year and had to spend several games in 2016 at RT due to injuries), and one year of great RT play. Center has been injured to hell, LT has been mediocre or injured to hell. Even throwing in Christian McCaffrey and one good year of Greg Olsen, how the hell does Cam have an above-average supporting cast?
Yeah. Though I am firmly of the opinion that some of our players were underperforming their talent levels because of Shula's dumbass playcalling. McCaffrey and Funchess, especially.
Treats me like I'm her child, tries to set me up with people, keeps trying to invite me places so I can 'get out more.'
I'm pretty good at remaining polite and friendly while rebuffing her. It's not a big deal, just a mild annoyance.
|There's no need to get so defensive. To be fair, he's the one getting downvoted for stating his opinions.
Yah I'm really starting to stay away from threads where my opinion strays from the majority opinion. It's just not worth it anymore.
Yeah I typically just discuss movies on a discord with my friends. Much more relaxed atmosphere there.
Yeah but if you want Harry to 'win' his war then comparing him to Ludendorff may not work.
Yah I did it on mobile and forgot the formatting. Thanks, though!
So the elves take over 'Germany' instead of 'Russia'? Because Ludendorff was from Germany. I'd totally take Hermione as Princip. She starts the ball rolling mostly by accident because she doesn't even start her crusade until Crouch (who could be Ferdinand with a bit of hand-waving) treats Winky poorly.
Butterbeer is definitely the House Elf version of vodka.
Yeah the way this is going pretty soon the Browns will knock the Patriots out of the playoffs, the Lions will win a playoff game, and the Titans will become the team with the largest NFL fanbase.
A quick back rub or shoulder massage. Even the feeling of a hand on the small of my back. It can be ten seconds, but it's one of the surest ways of calming me down.
I don't know what that has to do with anything. Views that have nothing to do with football doesn't disqualify someone from being able to reasonably rank their top players. Also, do you seriously think some of the r/nfl rankers don't have some unusual views?
We got a new owner, so we get the lowest grade. That makes no fucking sense.
Yep. The only place we regressed on offense was Norwell -&gt; Moton/Silatolu. Every other place stayed the same or improved.
Really bad experiences with both the Reds and MLB in general. I made a post on r/Reds a few minutes ago, in fact, right before I saw this post... Right now I want nothing to do with baseball, but I always support hate of the Cubs, Pirates, Brewers, and Cardinals.
tickets.com We got them from mlb.com/reds/tickets
We couldn't even access the pages, though.
While that's true, the criteria they use for determining suspension lengths seems to be very inconsistent.
Cam Newton dodging like eight or nine Patriots to gain 20 yards on MNF in 2013.
I'll see your three games and raise you five.
I think the Lions have their own long list.
It was for something minor, I think. Too much contact in practice or something. Not a big deal, really.
And the Pidgey has to be holding a Master Ball.
To be fair, you can't use a lvl 3 Pidgey that has beat the Elite Four five times, because it wouldn't be level 3 anymore.
Yeah his nickname since college has been "KK."
I was down there for work back in April and damn I was sweating buckets at the factory floor.
Ouch.
I think supporting the team that your S.O. supports is a good reason. Also if someone you know makes it onto a certain team.
And you'd also get to see Gino Marchetti, too.
Obviously it's harder if they're a fan of a division rival. Then again, why are you messing around with fans of division rivals?
Not really, mainly because I'm a little fuzzy on class distinctions. I don't know what makes you part of a certain class. Is it money, sensibilities, morals, values, entertainment preferences, or what?
Only Sith deal in subpoenas!
But how are you as a blocker?
Honestly it's just that the rest of the media over-covers Boston sports so it's just that I'm tired of listening to yet another discussion about Boston sports. If he was a blatant homer of like the Jaguars, or the Titans, or the Cardinals, something you don't see often, then it would be much more palatable.
I don't know how likely it is in the stacked NFC but I'm pulling for Wilks.
I take plenty of photos of other things. My cat, interesting signs I see, weird trees/bushes/animals, etc. I never take photos of myself. Part of it is because I don't look good in photos. Part of it is because I never think to take a selfie when I'm doing something interesting.
HeartGold: Youngster Joey
That's mainly because Valve put no time into balancing it.
Yellow. I look awful in yellow.
Tell your friends they're being idiotic.
Omega Ruby is a ton of fun, with a cool villain team.
How about you and the Falcons go back to sucking? I liked those days. Then we can win the division at 7-8-1 again.
It really is. Massive graphical updates, you get the physical/special split that debuted in Gen IV, you get the debuted TM uses that occurred in Gen V, you get the added Fairy type that debuted in Gen VI, not to mention that a ton of Pokémon got updated movesets and sometimes even evolutions since Ruby (e.g. Nosepass-&gt;Probopass, Kirlia-&gt;Gallade, Magneton-&gt;Magnezone). Plus the DexNav is one of the greatest additions to the Pokémon series. It's so fun to find Pokémon with egg moves or hidden abilities. And being able to fly around on the back of a Pokémon, visit Mirage spots, Fly directly to a route instead of just towns... And Super Secret Bases are still a ton of fun.
Absolutely agree. Our 2010 offense was one of the worst of all time.
I find Ron and McGonagall very easy to write, and Luna and Sirius very difficult.
I'm just glad the doctors were adamant about not clearing him to play. He had a good career, and it looks like he's looking forward to spending time with his family.
I write code for and help commission equipment that is used in some automatic sorter systems for shipping companies. Without giving too much away, we help them track packages and verify the listed dimensions and weight throughout their facilities. While most of the packages that come through aren't that interesting, plenty of high-urgency items like blood, organs for organ transplant, medicine, etc come through our systems as well. I like to think that our systems help the facility accurately sort those items so they can get to where they need to go ASAP.
I gotta admit I still like a bit of the old DC Talk and Newsboys stuff.
This is not a particularly well-written article. The author thinks he's way funnier than he really is.
Yeah, but in multiple interviews and articles after the draft the Panthers made it clear Gaulden was drafted to be a safety, and that we'd try him at both safety positions. David Newton is notoriously terrible with Panthers news. He's so bad our sub has a 'Suspect Source' flair for his articles.
Krookodile is a solid choice. With Moxie, it gets more powerful each time it knocks a Pokémon out. Crunch, Dig or Earthquake, Dragon Claw or Outrage, Brick Break, Rock Slide or Stone Edge are all moves it learns. Slowking is a great choice if you want a bulky Psychic type. Give it Calm Mind/Power Gem/Yawn/Scald. Or even Ice Beam, Flamethrower, Psychic, Shadow Ball, or Nasty Plot.
Gumbo. I'm poor so seafood is out of the question, but I can make a pretty good gumbo with chicken and pork.
Winnie the Pooh. I think a wonderfully lighthearted fic could be written where the abuse Harry endures growing up with the Dursleys causes his magic to manifest in a way that creates talking animals that only Harry can see and hear. Yet they are very real, can affect the environment around them, and have distinct personalities.
No but I'll put it on my list!
Jags, Lions, or Bengals (if they get rid of Burfict). Catbros.
Completely with you on that.
This is so true. I've never met another person whose favorite Pokemon is Ferrothorn. My sister loves Helioptile, and my other sister loves Slowbro (she claims he's the only 'bro' she actually likes). My friend's favorite is Espeon, and his girlfriend's favorite is Vulpix. I mod a discord channel, and one of our regulars claims her favorite is a tie between Grumpig and Pignite. Another regular on that discord really, really loves Hippopotas. They like to make pig- or hippo-related jabs at each other.
Damn straight about Parasect. The original Spore user. Game Freak kinda redid Parasect with Breloom. I really love Breloom, but I also love Parasect as well.
I refuse to hear a bad word said about Noctowl. That owl is awesome.
I want to meet a Finneon lover. Same with Qwilfish. Octillery is underrated as well. It's a cool octopus! And it learns Octazooka, which is a great move in-game. And it gets Ice Beam and Signal Beam via level up!
You rarely see Donphan lovers, too, and it's a badass elephant.
I think it was "Searching for the Power" about seven years ago. It was...not good. Looking back at what I remember of it, it hit so many overused and uninteresting tropes. I barely made it through and honestly didn't read any fanfiction for a year or so after I finished.
I typically like being a Scout for 8 levels so I get a decent amount of feats and skills and all three free implant feats, then pick any of the three Jedi classes.
His arm was a ticking time bomb after that Tommy John surgery.
[Yeah they previewed it in TMNT 2](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yiFdWod9Ql4)
I'd say Mario Addison is more likely to be a pro-bowler than Devin Funchess.
He's a lot more than a step above Jeff Fisher imo.
Thanks!
I want Sudowoodo to be more useful! Boost his HP from 70-110, and its special defense from 65 to 95, and you have a solid 480 BST pure Rock type. Since Sudowoodo has Rock Head as an ability, Wood Hammer and Head Smash give it a ton of oomph. Hammer Arm's penalty is effectively nonexistent since Sudowoodo's speed is so low.
I'm honestly just interested in an option for higher difficulties, skippable cutscenes, and making some weaker Pokemon more viable without having to overlevel them.
Well, I don't know either way and he's no longer with the company.
Your best bet is Seismitoad. Does your Seismitoad have Swift Swim or Poison Touch? Poison Touch is better for you, and pairs really well with Drain Punch. Marshal's Sawk and Conkeldurr both have Grass Knot, but their Special Attack stats are so low you should be able to withstand it. Use a few X-Defends and an X-SpDef (for Grass Knot) and you should be okay. Spam Surf and Drain Punch and you should be able to take out all four. Another strategy is to make use of Stone Edge and Rock Slide's inaccuracy and give Crustle Double Team. Spam a few of those, set up a Sandstorm, and hit them with Slash or Dig, or even Aerial Ace. If your Accelgor is overleveled enough, it could sweep Marshal with Giga Drain. But only use it if you're confident it will OHKO each of Marshal's Pokemon.
I have only one allergy. However, that allergy is to coffee.
There's plenty of Pokemon I don't like (Pikachu, Geodude, Furfrou), but only one that I hate. Gardevoir. I'm fine with people making erotic art/fiction with Pokemon characters. It's not really my thing, but that doesn't mean there's something wrong with it. When they make it with actual Pokemon, it creeps me out a ton because it's too close to bestiality for my tastes. And for whatever reason, Gardevoir more than any other Pokemon is now colloquially representative of the deviant side of Pokemon. So I hate Gardevoir, because apparently you can't enjoy any 'deviant' Pokemon material without running into Gardevoir everywhere.
According to the post, the plays in a vacuum.
Be the best me I can be. Prove to myself that I can and will be better. Another good way of proving yourself as a man is to fart so loudly you can hear its echo.
That was my favorite toy as well.
I always considered my stuffed animals to be friends rather than toys.
Sure, but Mario Addison has been a consistent producer the last few years. I'll bet on him, even though I was very pleased with Funchess last season.
It's my second-favorite animated movie of all time. I love finding random references to it on reddit!
Breaking: Tom Brady Suspended Four Games for Being 'Generally Aware' of the Existence of an Eli Manning Body Pillow. Sources say that an identical Eli Manning body pillow was found in the possession of famous model Gisele Bunchen.
TF2 crocket sound. TF2 Machina sound when you get a 2+ person kill. Borderlands 2 Bane firing. Empire Earth barracks being completed.
Bit of a preface: I played Pokémon off and on throughout my childhood, as my cousin had a Gameboy Color, Advance, and Advance SP. When I was over at his house sometimes he'd let me play. My parents wouldn't buy me any Gameboy systems, so I didn't know much about the games past the first couple of gyms. The very first game that I owned was HeartGold. I got it and a DS Lite in college, once I'd proven to myself that I could get decent grades (which was by no means a guarantee lol). My very first starter Pokémon was a female Totodile. I didn't know then that getting a female starter was rare. It had a Jolly nature, which isn't the best for a Totodile but again, I didn't know much about natures back then. I loved it. I gave it Surf/Avalanche/Crunch/Rock Climb. It never, ever fainted on me (despite not being overleveled) except in the post-game, to Blaine's Magmortar in the gym leader rematches. In SoulSilver, which I got a bit later, I found a shiny Zubat in the Dark Cave. I've never taken it out of my PC and it's still sitting there on my SoulSilver cartridge as the first shiny I ever got, and to date the only shiny I've seen in the wild. Speaking of shinies, I was breeding some Magnemites in Moon to use in Ultra Moon, and I bred a shiny Magnemite. Not the greatest shiny, it's got only 4 perfect IVs, and it's got a Lonely nature (it was really early in my breeding), but it's still special. This and the Zubat are the only shinies I've ever gotten myself without trading or using SVExchange). My Ferroseed in Pokémon Black. This is the game that made me truly fall in love with Pokémon. I'd enjoyed HeartGold, but Pearl was a massive disappointment and put me off playing the games for over a year. But when I got Black and found the awesome Grass/Steel type Ferroseed, I was hooked. I did some research when I first encountered it and found out that you can breed Leech Seed onto it! So I went to Chargestone Cave, caught a female Ferroseed after quite a few encounters, biked all the way back down Route 6, through Driftveil City, across the Driftveil Drawbridge, through route 5 an Nimbasa City, down Route 4, through Castelia, across the Skyarrow Bridge, to Pinwheel Forest to catch myself a male Cottonee that knew Leech Seed. Once I got that, I biked through Nacrene City, and through Route 3 to the Daycare. I bred my female Ferroseed with the male Cottonee, and, as luck would have it, my very first egg was an Adamant Ferroseed with Leech Seed! I named it Five Iron and booked it all the way back to Driftveil City, where I trained it up in the Cold Storage to the mid-twenties level thanks to Audino, and I was set. An Adamant Ferrosseed with Leech Seed/Curse/Power Whip/Gyro Ball, with Iron Barbs as its ability and holding a Rocky Helmet? Perfection. I still have that Ferroseed, now a mid-60s level Ferrothorn.
I wish it was a bit higher though I am glad the fine is funding workplace training and supporting race- and gender-base issues.
No! TWO Sam Mills statues!
And somehow David Foucalt was worse.
Fruit? Cherries. I could eat cherries all day. Blueberries are a close second. Vegetable is harder. Probably broccoli because it's so versatile in cooking, and tastes good both raw and cooked. Cauliflower too. I'm not sure if rhubarb is a fruit or a veggie (I consider it a veggie) but it's wonderful to have once in a while.
I'll do it for the Panthers if u/BlindWillieJohnson is busy or not interested. I did the 30 Teams/30 Days for our team so I've got some experience.
It's yours!
The dollar theater. I just like the atmosphere. It's more laid-back, the people who run it are friendlier, and the theaters are rarely full so you have less chance of getting your movie ruined by others. Bojangles. There's a certain mood that I'm in every so often. It's not quite depressed, but it's a general feeling of apathy towards everything. Going to Bojangles and eating spicy chicken and a Bo Berry biscuit doesn't make me happy, but I feel a bit better afterward. And it doesn't work with other restaurants. I used to lived where there were no Bojangles, and I couldn't find a good one to replace it. White Castle came closer than anything else, but it doesn't quite fit. Half-Price Books. It's so fun to trawl through the store looking for something marked way down. It's as much the hunt as it is the find, and they have a wide variety of books that you would never knew existed. I've gotten some great nonfiction books there for a couple of bucks each, and most of my Star Wars book collection cost me a dollar for each book because of Half-Price clearance racks and bundles.
I would have liked a little omnic inside the wrecking ball, so that it's an omnic inside a bigger omnic.
Now that we have a little over 250 responses I'm going to take a look at what surprises me. Please don't read this unless you took the survey; I don't want to skew the results! I'm not going to comment on the demographics, just the preferences part of it. It seems that a good part of r/hpfanfiction at least reads no-HP fanfiction at least one a month (currently sitting at 54.6%). I'm very glad of this. While most other fandoms don't have as well-developed fanfiction community as Harry Potter does, there is still a lot of good fanfics out there that aren't HP! Slash fic readers are a minority (37.7%), but 53.1% reads femslash fics. Lots of things could explain that discrepancy, so I won't hazard a guess as to why there's a 15.4% difference in those numbers. Harry/Ginny seems to be the most popular pairing, which Harry/Hermione trailing by 7%. What surprised me was Daphne having 13.8% of the vote, over Luna (who had 12.1%). Fleur at 10.4% didn't surprise me, neither did Tonks with 5.4%. Personally I'm hoping for more Harry/Katie fics because I love that pairing. I think for slash pairings, the reason Other has 34.4% of the vote is probably mostly people who don't like slash fics that wanted to answer the question. For 'Favorite Harry Potter character', I am not surprised by the responses, except that both Dumbledore and Sirius were above Snape, and that Draco only has 1.2% of the votes! Also, Ron only has 3.1% of the votes so far. Poor Ron. Not surprising that Umbridge is the most hated HP character by a *wide* margin. She has 51.2% of the vote! Snape, Pettigrew, Draco Malfoy, and Fudge round out the top five. Ron has 3.8% of the vote. I like Ron, so I don't like those people that voted for him here. For canon, it looks like we all pretty much agree the original 7 books are canon, but no other option has more than 50% of the vote. Pottermore has 41.2%, Fantastic Beasts movies have 40%, and the side books have 36.6%. Only 8.5% of voters view Cursed Child as canon. 53.5% of voters say that the majority of the fics they read are guilty pleasures. I can see that, though I try to avoid 'guilty pleasure' fics. Only 28.1% of voters actively avoid incomplete stories, and 65% of voters believe there is no such thing as an inherently bad story idea. Now for the ratings section! Again, only doing the surprising ones. Funnily enough, 81.1% of voters rated 'the existence of a politically powerful magical nobility' as a 3 or higher, while only 58.8% rated 'Harry inheriting significant political power' as 3 or higher. It looks like fanfic readers like the magical nobility, but don't necessarily want Harry to be a part of it by right of birth. They also didn't want Harry to be ultra rich, with only 22.7% giving it a 4 or higher and 45% giving it a 2 or lower. Voters tend to dislike soul bonds and marriage contracts (42.1% and 45% rated them 3 or higher, respectively), which surprises me given the plethora of fics that have one or both of those tropes. Most people love a magically talented Harry, which is to be expected, but I was surprised that 75.8% of people gave a 3 or higher to magical genius Harry! Personally, I gave that a 1 because OP!MagicalHarry is boring as fuck to read outside of crack stories in my opinion. Apparently I'm in the minority, though! Redemption of Draco Malfoy skewed very slightly towards the positive, but not as much as I expected. Only 41.2% gave it a 4 or higher while 27.3% gave it a 2 or lower. What was more surprising is that Severus Snape as a mentor was so disliked, with 48.5% of people giving it a 2 or lower. It seems most people prefer in-canon characterizations and a canonical magic system. I find this a bit surprising, mainly because Harry and Hermione (and sometimes Snape and Draco) are very frequently made more powerful/morally right/perfect in fanfiction while Ron and Dumbledore (and sometimes Sirius) find themselves made more foolish/hated/morally inferior in fanfiction. People did claim they disliked Dumbledore bashing (41.5% gave it a 3 or higher) and Ron bashing (41.9% gave it a 3 or higher), though that's not consistent with a lot of highly-recommended fics on this sub. Predictably, full 50% of voters gave Hermione bashing a rating of 1, and only 28% gave it a 3 or higher. Speaking of Hermione, 58.5% of voters gave a 3 or higher to the idea of Hermione being a magical genius. Remember, Harry got 75.8% to the same question. Ugh. However, the splits trend slightly towards the negative for Hermione-centric fics, with only 33.1% giving it a 4 or higher while 38% gave it a 2 or lower). People like OP!Hermione but not necessarily as the main character. Fem!Harry is slightly unpopular (47.7% gave it a 2 or lower), but Dark!Harry is very popular, with only 21.9% giving it a 2 or lower and 50% giving it a 4 or higher. Surprisingly, Evil!Harry is unpopular, with 55% of voters giving it a 2 or lower! People tend to prefer explicit sex scenes in their fiction, with 80.5% giving it a 3 or higher. Personally, I prefer sexual elements to explicit sex scenes, but I gave it a 3 because it's fine. It is hard to write a good sex scene, I will admit freely. Almost no one wanted America to be a magical utopia, with 77.3% of voters giving it a 2 or lower. I agree, voters.
I'd love a callback to MasterBlaster from Mad Max.
I think once we get more fem!Harry fics that are actually *good*, then we'll see it be more popular. Unfortunately most of the fem!Harry fics are absolutely terrible, and I've tried to read a lot of them. Most of them I couldn't get through even three chapters.
No love for L'il Guardian Pyro?
To be fair getting up off a bench safely and sitting back down safely is a very valuable skill.
Are you in the USA? If so, it is illegal for the company to prohibit employees from discussing salary under any circumstances.
Personally, not much, thankfully. However the company I work for now has a VP that is of the opinion that women work best in PR, Finance, HR, and Sales and not as engineers, technicians, or IT. He's very professional and so you would only notice if you talked to him in informal circumstances and even then, it's not a topic that comes up often. I still think it's partially to blame for the relative lack of women among our engineers, techs, and IT, even though he has no say over hiring for any position except techs.
You can report them for this, and they will get hit *hard* by the Dept of Labor. They've fined many, many companies for this sort of thing. Try to get as much proof as you can.
It really, really sucks. So many people ghost, the trend to online dating and apps has put even more emphasis on looks, the lack of community hangouts other than bars/clubs makes it difficult for people like me that rarely drink, and the current charged political atmosphere has created a lot of unfortunate animosity. I've been on my fair share of dates and just haven't had much luck over the last six months or so.
It's usually the prose. It's not always the quote-unquote *best* prose, but I find that I respond really well to writers that I believe can really turn a phrase.
Just be glad it's not Twitch Plays NFL GM. Terrell Owens would be signed immediately. Tim Tebow would be repeatedly signed, then released, then signed again, then released, ad nauseum.
I fail to see how this is fucked up...
Man I kept Low Kick on my Machamp all the way through HeartGold just to take out Red's Snorlax. Worth it.
Ferrothorn, Krokorok, Sawk...
That's exactly what it says, and it is a fic that I am in the process of creating.
What Kelvin Benjamin said about him
Playing 'chicken' with Jerome Bettis
It's on its fourth(?) book by now, so there's plenty to read. It's also still updated regularly. I'm enjoying the fic.
Eleven or twelve. I was somewhat of a later bloomer, and I was raised in a very sex-negative environment so I didn't really become aware until I discovered porn by accident on my grandmother's computer.
Grass-type, with a heavily defensive stall-them-out team. **Ludicolo** with Swift Swim holding a Damp Rock, with Rain Dance/Giga Drain/Ice Beam/Teeter Dance. **Shiinotic** with Rain Dish holding a Quick Claw, with Spore/Strength Sap/Giga Drain/Moonblast. **Ferrothorn** with Iron Barbs holding a Rocky Helmet, with Toxic/Leech Seed/Curse/Gyro Ball. **Torterra** with Shell Armor holding a Soft Sand, with Earthquake/Wood Hammer/Synthesis/Stone Edge. **Sawsbuck** with Serene Grace holding a Big Root, with Horn Leech/Megahorn/Charm/Headbutt. **Cradily** with Suction Cups holding a Sitrus Berry, with Giga Drain/Rock Slide/Amnesia/Barrier. Most of the team is very slow, but have good defenses and tend to get better as the battle goes on. I used HP-draining moves liberally, but tried to keep the status-conditions to a relative minimum. Since most common Flying-types and bug-types tend to be physical attackers, my team forces the player to either choose to gut it out with one of those (being wary of Ludicolo's Ice Beam, Torterra's Stone Edge, Cradily's Rock Slide, and Ferrothorn's Iron Barbs and Rocky Helmet), to roll with a Fire-type (being wary of Cradily's Rock Slide and Torterra's Stone Edge), or to roll with most special attackers, as my team can be handled by them. No strategy is perfect, as Cradily can set up nicely with Amnesia/Barrier, Sawsbuck can cause flinching with a Serene Grace-boosted Headbutt, Shiinotic can Spore/Strength Sap physical attackers, and Ferrothorn can poison/leech seed. Using a special-attacking Fire type is the best strategy overall, but the player should bring along other special attackers as backups. As far as puzzles go, I'd make it a forest near a river where you have to take rowboat rides to each trainer, then turn a crank that redirects the water flow to a different part of the river. The prize for defeating me is Giga Drain.
Fortunately we have a downvote button and mods that are generally on top of things. And the ability to ignore the obvious fap-fodder posts.
Both are fine for in-game though.
Which is a thing I like about this subreddit. You'll get people at least attempting to fulfill requests or fic searches, no matter how generally unpopular the fic might be.
I'd much rather seen Harry/Dean or Harry/Seamus. Heck, even Harry/Weasley Twins would be preferable to HP/D, HP/TMR/, and HP/SS.
Fantastic survey. Please post the results!
I seem to run out of Pokeballs fairly frequently in Let's Go. Are there any trainer rematches I can do to get more free Pokeballs? I just entered Rock Tunnel by the way.
Many thanks, friend of friends!
[Even year sneaks up on us all](https://media.giphy.com/media/10jU6vaD25sRC8/giphy.gif)
Call down, Obi-Wan.
Honestly me too. I like the MCU but I love Pokémon more. This movie looks hilarious.
Oh man now I'm hyped for that.
I loved it and wish they would do something like it again, but include regional forms of old Pokémon.
That's messed up
His shoulder is fucked
Honestly I am not sure what is wrong so I have no ideas if it can be fixed. He hurt it in 2016 and he says playing through the pain is his 'new normal'.
I hope you don't mean to imply that those that reject religion are therefore less likely to believe in something because an authority figure said that.
L
E
L
O
Why would we if it results in beautiful comments like that?
Ignore them, if they persist after I tell them I'm not interested. I am super good at ignoring people.
M
I just think that if you want complementary flavors, get yourself a side of cottage cheese or chips and dip. I like my wings perfectly unadorned by dip or dressing.
I'd have shut him down after the Lions game.
As of right now, there are more Saints fans commenting in this thread than Panthers fans... I don't think that makes a difference, but I do find it amusing.
It's bad. He's got no velocity and has said that he's in constant pain.
Weird, I had a different experience. I went to see this last night and we got the Artemis Fowl trailer, the dog trailer, the Lego Movie 2 trailer, the Bumblebee trailer, and that weird Kid King Arthur trailer.
Joke \#15: The existence of games without at least one Hoovy
E
Goodbye
I'm in the same boat. I actually started to hate Hermione over a period of about four years. This past month, I read the first five books again and I was reminded of why I liked her in the first place.
Lebron James should get called out on his statements, because he's wrong in saying the NBA is better than the NFL *in this particular case.* NFL players routinely support all sorts of social issues. Kaepernick got blackballed *mostly* because Donald Trump took aim at him and galvanized his support base against Kaepernick. The NFL owners, keeping an eye on their bottom line, panicked and made a huge PR blunder with the anthem policy and by blackballing Kaepernick. Both of which were called out by both NFL fans and by NFL players. It wasn't because the NFL owners are racist (even though we know at least some of them are). It was because a lot of Trump's supporters are also fans of the NFL. So them deciding not to buy tickets would affect the owners' revenue. It was a business decision more than anything else. NFL players wear cleats supporting whatever cause they want to all the time, and have been doing so for years. The NFL doesn't care, because Trump didn't take aim at players wearing cleats with causes on them and therefore the NFL didn't have to worry about Trump's fanbase deciding to stop buying NFL tickets. If Donald Trump decided to take aim at the NBA in the same way he did the NFL, I'd bet that you'd see NBA owners suppressing the players from saying anything controversial. NBA owners care just as much about their bottom line as NFL owners do. By the way, people called out Jerry Jones. Go back to the r/nfl thread on his statements and you'll see near-universal condemnation of his remarks and how un-American they are. Many, many people are pro-Kaepernick. They have called out the NFL for being shitty. People continue to call out the NFL referees for their possibly racist treatment of Cam Newton. These NFL owners aren't getting away with this shit, because, thanks in large part to a lot of people speaking up and supporting black athletes, the NFL anthem policy is dead in the water and people *continue* to call out the NFL for blackballing Kaepernick. When Bob McNair, the owner of the Houston Texans, made his remark about letting the 'inmates run the prison' in league meetings, he got universal condemnation. Texans players were ready to walk out of practice when they heard about it and had to be persuaded to stay. Owners like Jerry Jones, Bob McNair, and former Panthers owner Jerry Richardson were widely unpopular in part because of their racism. I can't think of an NFL owner that the public knows is racist that is even moderately popular. I'm sure there are other racist NFL owners, but they are keeping it out of the public eye. So yeah, I think old white racist people are getting called out by a lot of people. Unfortunately these particular old white racist people also are rich as fuck and own teams that employ a large number of black people. We can't fire them. All we can do is continue to call them out on their bullshit and put pressure on the leagues to get rid of these racists.
I, for one, am surprised. Surprised, I tell you!
I fine him one sack. He must sack Drew Brees at least once next week.
Not necessarily. The beef between Travers and Walt hasn't ever been a secret.
Now that's more like it!
Vontaze Burfict twisted Cam's ankle, not Suh. Not that it lets Suh off the hook.
Ant-Man and the Wasp. I just found it extremely funny.
Hmmm...hard to say. I've played a lot of races and builds. I have to say Redguard that uses a war axe in one hand and a spell in the other. Specializes in One-Handed, Heavy Armor, Speech, Conjuration, Restoration, and Illusion. I do a good bit of sneaking, but don't really focus it. I also use ebony armor and ebony weapons. I just like the look of them. I typically have the Steed Stone sign or the Lovers Stone sign.
I enjoy vocal partners. Especially when they are trying to form words but can't. Or they start a word and can't finish them. Turns me on so fucking much.
Never. I've certainly been *surprised* before, but that's normal.
In the latest comic, Spy admits he is Scout's father.
I'd love Bowles as a DC. Wilks would be fine, I guess, but I'd rather have Bowles.
Yes. Cam's arm was a noodle from Pittsburgh onwards. The fact that we were in every single game from then on is frankly amazing. He fucking almost willed us to victory.
Exactly. None of his dialogue had anything sexual to it. It was all, "Hey wtf this is really weird!"
Does the lake count as part of Hogwarts? Because she's there in the second task in GoF.
I had a fucking blast playing them. Yeah, they were light on features but there were so many things that I did love.
I enjoyed how passive-aggressive you are about Rocketman. It's entertaining seeing your passion for the movies you personally care about, OP.
I'm not complaining.
We're not stacked at DL. We have a star in Short, a good player in Addison, a good rotational guy in Love, and two potentially good guys in Irvin and Burns. But no one except Short and Addison is a sure thing. If we can get McCoy, we're solid at Dline.
Holy shit that's a reasonable deal. Wtf is this new Hurney. I guess you can teach an old ~~dog~~ cat new tricks.
Nah, Vegan is a member of a race of poetry-challenged bureaucrats. edit: It's a reference to Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy...
For some reason I've always liked El Dorado over Rio Bravo.
One of my closest friends was raised in an incredibly abusive environment. She had, and still has, many, many mental issues resulting from this. But she is doing amazing now. She works two jobs that she loves, married the love of her life, is eight months pregnant with her first daughter, and is very happily learning to paint from her wife who is an artist. And one of the family members that stood by and let her get abused has come around to the point where they testified against the abusers in court, and she and my friend are rebuilding their relationship. Seeing her get through the shit that she went through, and come out of it strong as hell, has been fantastic. I didn't meet her until she'd already escaped from the abusers (for the most part), but even in the years I've known her, she's improved so much.
It is. With James Caan being the young guy. It's pretty hilarious.
Not necessarily. Anyone can spam the scorch shot and get a few kills and harass the enemy. Just like anyone can spam rockets down a corridor and get a few kills and harass the enemy. However, a good pyro will use the scorch shot to its full utility: destroying stickies, knocking the medic away from their heal target (especially during ubers if they are out of airblast range), checking distant corners for spies without having to leave their teammates, etc. Similar to how a good soldier will rocket jump, will use knockback to split up an enemy force, etc, etc. Obviously a soldier has a far higher skill ceiling, but there is a good difference between good pyros using the scorch shot and bad pyros using the scorch shot.
*Baker will remember this*
My theory is that the first few seasons of the anime had everyone in the office come up with an idea at the beginning of the year, write it down, and put it in a hat. Then for each episode they drew one idea out of the hat and incorporated it into an episode regardless of how outlandish the idea was.
I was busy at work yesterday so I didn't get to really do more than glance at the linked images until today. - I still love all three starters. This looks like it will join Gens III and V where I liked all three starters (at least the base forms). But I'm thinking Grookey for me. - I like the new characters, but the artstyle of some of them, Leon in particular, looks like it's not my cup of tea. - I have friends that call me "Milo" as a nickname (because I sometimes act like Milo from Atlantis), so seeing a Milo gym leader was both cool and...odd. My partner has already started to tease me about this. - Magnolia and Sonia look fun, though. Hop looks like Hau 2.0, which is not a compliment. - I am definitely using Eldergoss and Corviknight on my team. I'm kind of hoping they reveal a boll weevil Pokemon, though. I love everything about Drednaw except his coloring. And I think I'm the only person that doesn't like Wooloo. Something about his eyes puts me off a bit. - My partner is extremely excited to see Flygon in the trailer because their favorite Pokemon is Vibrava. I'm excited to see Gigalith, Seismitoad, Hippopotas, Golurk, and Sawk. Still holding out hope that Ferrothorn will be in there! - I hope they tone down the Rotom Dex so that it's way less invasive. I liked it in SM but in USUM it was annoying as heck. - Honestly, I don't like anything that slows down battles more. Mega Evolutions are okay, but Z-moves were annoying as heck. Dynamax/Gigantamax shouldn't be available in regular battles against wild Pokemon or trainers. Maybe allowed in gyms and Elite Four. Maybe. - While I like the Wild Area, it seems kind of lonely. I hope there will be NPCs running around in it rather than just your player character and wild Pokemon.
Because Game Freak makes some really weird decisions?
Tell that to the lesbian couple that just got beat up in the UK for not kissing in front of a group of men for their entertainment. It's bullshit that "no one cares." We see homophobic slurs thrown around all the time and anti-gay speeches by government officials. Shouldn't those who support the rights of people to be gay have their own ways of speaking up? And instead of insulting the anti-gay people, they choose to have a parade. Parades are fun. They wamt to have fun and celebrate our right to be gay.
"Working for Davik was like driving a spike through your head. Sure, you've got something new in there, but in the end, you've lost something as well." Second-best: "The only advice I'll give you when you're in the jungle, shoot anything that moves. Then shoot the things that don't move, just to be sure."
As usual, safety. Eric Reid is pretty good, but we don't know who will start at free safety for us. Chances are it's Rashaan Gaulden, but we don't know how he will play in training camp and preseason. Hopefully someone steps up.
Unless it lands at a Chinese restaurant. In that case, it will hit KB in the hands, and then get dropped.
His was due to two injuries. Carson Palmer and Drew Stanton.
You're not correct. You will do more damage if you use Metal Claw against both Onix and Geodude, even if they pull off one instance of Defense Curl or Harden. [I did the math here.](https://i.imgur.com/vD3RAjA.png) When I simplified the Damage Formula, I factored out anything that didn't apply, such as critical hits, weather effects, burn, etc, because they wouldn't have changed the end values. What really affected the results the most was that STAB * Type Effectiveness for Ember is 1.5 * 0.5 -&gt; 0.75, while STAB * Type Effectiveness for Metal Claw is 1 * 2 -&gt; 2.00. 2.00 versus 0.75 is what made the difference in favor of using Metal Claw.
They sure will, though perhaps not enough to change things at the low levels we are talking about.
A
Goodbye
M
Jonathan Jones writes for si.com and he used to cover the Panthers at the Charlotte Observer, I believe. He's smart enough to realize that Cam's pretty damn good.
As someone who recently got a Switch and hasn't played anything on it except Pokémon Let's Go and Mario Kart, and hasn't really played any of the Nintendo IP's other than Pokémon before, which of the ones in the image are supposed to be the best?
It depends on whether I was expecting to wake up with a penis. Like, if I had taken a magic "Wake up with a penis" pill the night before, then I would probably take it well. If I wasn't expecting a penis, I would definitely do some freaking out, most likely waking my partner and freaking them out as well.
Do you even live here? Even in hotbeds of small-town Kentucky there is a huge growing dissatisfaction with the Republican Party. Our current Republican governor Matt Bevin is far, *far* more unpopular than Steve Beshear ever was, and Beshear was a Democrat. People are waking up to the fact that schools are shit, and the whole matter of teacher strikes in Louisville was in the news statewide. Don't get me wrong, most of the people here identify as Republicans, but that's not to say that those very same people are satisfied with the Republican party and Mitch McConnell.
You can also put Desmume on your phone. At least if you have Android.
What are the chances Mitch pays for his linemen to all get boob jobs next offseason?
Would you say that r/nba is Moron Mountain then?
I, too, am neglecting a pile of 'proper' books in favor of fanfiction.
I bought two tickets to the Gym show but I'm not giving them to ya... I'm going with *your* tickets.
Tbh I like most of the genres jazz has influenced more than jazz itself.
Goodbye
P
Goodbye
Goodbye
A
O
A
L
E
T
C
R
&gt; The Falcons were the laughingstock of the NFL Well it got that part right, at least.
Jim Harbaugh will be the only player in this tournament to play in khakis. Seriously, I love this series.
What? Modern country might be a blend of traditional country and rock, but country as a genre is not a derivative of rock music. It's more a derivative of blues than anything else, by far.
Saying we're returning to a team identity of strong front seven doesn't mean a whole lot when the makeup of said front seven is very different. We're going versatile this year, throwing a shit ton of looks and actually having speed guys.
? A dinghy is a type of boat...
A lot of us have raging sexual tension for Cam. That smile....
I always like the idea of Katie and Harry bonding over Quidditch hazing. Specifically, they both became full team members the same year, and Wood was a notorious task master. I can easily see them becoming friends after enduring Wood's insanity. Plus Katie doesn't have any connections to the Weasleys or Hermione, which can eliminate the "angry older brother" issues and allowing Hermione to have a limited opinion of Katie rather than having a lot of insight like she does with Ginny. It also interesting because Katie is friends with Leanne, who is a Ravenclaw in Cho's year. So there you have an opportunity to include Cho in a way that doesn't involve Rowling's pitiful attempts at writing teenage romance.
I wonder if a Dark Lord Dudley fic has been written...
I'm on record many times prior to this offseason saying how much I liked McCoy. I've been a huge fan of his for *years*.
I like that Tepper is dragging the Panthers into the 21st century. About time, too.
*shrug* Anthony Munoz
TIL.
Just put it on request at the local library. Thanks for the recommendation!
In my story, there are several reasons why everyone uses quills and inkwells. All the special charmed inks (color-changing, etc) cause muggle writing utensils to explode if the ink is inside them. Also, graphite does not write well on the parchment used at Hogwarts so pencils are not a good option. Plus many of the ink-regulating charms placed on quills (to reduce quills from dripping so easily) only work on organic material, not plastics.
I recommended people watch Top Shot to see the limitations of even some of the greatest shooters in the world. Sure, they make some incredible shots on that show but they also demonstrate just how damn hard shooting is.
No, but I think it's still on Hulu
Steve Smith was always a fantastic blocker. Which makes sense considering his personality tbh.
I completely agree. It's also weird seeing you outside of r/nfl
I'm honestly pretty scared of them and do whatever I can to not have to deal with them at all.
- Great Stadium/Atmosphere Yes, I would say so. Bank of America stadium is really nice except when it's raining buckets like that one 2013 Saints game. The atmosphere is really great, with the fans cheering on Luuuuuuuuke and the Keep Pounding chants. "Yes" for this one. * Passionate/Respectful Fan Base Respectful of other teams? Sure. But we do have a fair few racists that hate Cam, so I'd give us a "Yes, with an asterisk" on this one. * Good TV/Radio Broadcasting Crew Okay, here's where we kind of fail. Our radio announcers are not great. And we do get stuck with Ronde Barber as one of the guys announcing our games a ton, and he sucks. But that's not our fault. Either way, we get a "No" for this one. * Competent Front Office Finally, we seem to have it. Hurney 2.0 has made some really good moves though it is a bit early to tell. Tepper seems to be on the ball as far as owners go, though again, it is early to tell. But we have talent and a good coaching staff overall, so I'll give us a "Yes" for this. * Decent On The Field Play Yep. When Cam and our O-line aren't injured to hell and back, we tend to play really well. Our defense was suspect last year but Rivera is calling plays now and we injected a lot more youth on our defense. We have 4/5 tools and an asterisk due to the racists on Facebook and Twitter, which isn't bad. I would argue that a good radio broadcasting crew isn't as important in the NFL as it is in baseball, so I would change it to good social media, because our social media team is pretty fucking great.
Sure, I'm always interested in recs. I will read most anything, as long as the writing quality isn't full of tropes. I also don't like Clone Wars/Rebels stuff because I didn't like the shows.
Shaq Thompson is good. James Bradberry is about to get paid. Kawann Short is good though he got put on IR. Right side of the O-line is solid.
Hey, thanks, I'll definitely check these out.
But I thought we had that already... It was my understanding that Jameis Winston played both Quarterback and the opposing team's defensive coordinator at the same time...
Knives Out Chef Spider-Man: Into the Spider-verse
Or the Panthers-Packers game, where Gerald McCoy sacked Rodgers in the end zone in a textbook way of how you are supposed to sack a QB, yet they still threw a flag.
To be fair, CMC didn't finish the game against the Saints in week 17.
Looks like I got 5 right, and I don't know a lick of German. And it looks like my 'educated guesses' where I tried to reason it out were as often wrong as they were correct, which just goes to show that my score was pure luck rather than any sort of skill.
I wouldn't mind it so much if they actually gave you a way to grow berries rather than be forced to raid the trees. Seriously, the Berry Pots from HGSS and that massive berry field in Hoenn were fantastic for people like me. Heck, it would be fantastic if there was a corner of the Wild Area that had a lot of fertile ground. It could be fenced in and overseen by a tough ranger that grows berries and defends it from the strong Pokemon that roam the Wild Area. You could be given a corner of the berry field as your own, where you could grow whatever berries you want to. And, to make it even more fun and to sort of tie it in with the whole Poke Jobs idea, you could be asked to defend your berry field with up to three Pokemon. They could gain experience "fighting off Wild Area Pokemon", and if you leave them there too long without healing them (say, 48 hours), then there is a chance that they faint and a portion of your grown berries will be stolen.
I heard this Tom Brady guy has trouble catching passes.
They'll rightfully get a hefty fine, but I can't see any draft picks being lost over this.
Look, I get that McDaniels has done a really good job with the Patriots. But I can't get over how absolutely terrible he was with the Broncos and what he did to the Colts. Perhaps he's changed. I hope so. But he's had two really great chances to do the right things to be a head coach, and he's screwed them both up.
- Ron bashing, especially if it is coupled with Perfect Hermione. - Snape apologism - OOC McGonagall who is incredibly unfair to the Slytherins - "All Slytherins except sometimes Malfoy are secretly good and misunderstood students who never do anything wrong or instigate anything and if they do it's because the rest of the school hates them"
Exactly. The Buccaneers with Jameis Winston can beat any team in football. Especially themselves.
This surprises no one.
Another issue with SoS is that the NFL has a relatively small sample size.
There has been exactly one season of Cam's career where he has had an above-average receiving corps and an above-average offensive-line: 2013. Cam played well that year. In 2015, Cam's best year, he was rolling with a good offensive line but dogshit at wide receiver. In 2016 he was injured, partially due to the referees allowing the Broncos to go ham on his head. Also, our offensive line was awful and we again had nobody at wide receiver. Cam looked good in 2017, despite being hurt towards the end of the season, and was two dropped TD passes away from beating the Saints in the playoffs on the road. If either of those passes were caught, the Panthers would have won. Cam looked fantastic in 2018 until he injured his shoulder.
I am totally fine with this.
My goal is to finally get above 50% of all Pokemon used on an in-game team at some point. I'm sitting at 47% used overall, 52% if you don't count legendaries or event Pokemon. Going to knock out Sobble/Drizzile/Inteleon, Applin/Appletun, Woobat/Swoobat, Scraggy/Scrafty, Durant, Eiscue, Shellder/Cloyster, Clobbopus/Grapploct, Gossifleur/Eldegoss, Wooper/Quagsire, and Togepi/Togetic/Togekiss when I replay Shield as soon as Pokemon Home is made available. Might use Snom/Frosmoth as well if I can get one with Ice Scales to breed.
Tim Curry is fantastic in it.
Evil Under the Sun was good too. Also with Peter Ustinov. I love his acting.
With Christopher Lloyd!
Yes. I have one fucking red beam today, and it's a 5 star gigantamax snorlax. I've tried using Clobbopus, I've tried using Rillaboom with Drain Punch. Each 5 times. I've tried to get help from other randoms but no one joins it because GameFreak has the worst designed internet integration. No dice. My allies all faint before I can knock it out. I just want to access the other red beams for today but I am blocked by this one fucking beam!
I can see the fish being brought back to prominence among Christians if Hitler had used the cross.
It's a 2020 miracle!!! Now I can watch any of the remaining teams and enjoy the playoffs without having to root against anyone!
Jerry Jones is not subtle.
Did you see our run defense this year? Neither did I. Trent Richardson could put 200 on us.
&gt;Parry brings up another point about the differing standards. After the no-call, the replay officials apparently didn’t feel the pass interference was blatant enough to result in an overturn. However, if there had been an on-field pass interference call, I doubt review would have overturned it. That’s the problem with reviewing judgment calls—this could’ve been called pass interference or not, depending on the refs’ judgment, and so we’re really reviewing that judgment rather than the play itself. I think this is a good point, and it's one I've made several times ever since Rivera reported a referee in SB50 admitting that if the Cotchery catch had been ruled a catch on the field, it would have been ruled a catch even after a review. It seems that crucial calls are made not based on what actually happened, but what the ref on the field thought happened. &gt; He [Bill Belichick] won a Super Bowl in 2002 and won a Super Bowl in 2019, which is like winning the Oscar for Best Actor and starring in the most-watched TikTok. This is a terrible analogy and screams of hey-you-kids-ism. &gt; Adding to the experience was the fact that ESPN’s announcing crew seemed to be calling an entirely different, equally chaotic game. It was like watching the climactic car chase at the end of a thriller movie, but the movie theater was accidentally playing the audio from the climactic fight scene in a kung fu movie. This has been Booger all year. &gt; Entering Sunday, the Patriots had gotten first-and-goal at the 1-yard line 12 times in playoff games under Belichick. They’d scored 12 touchdowns. Part of that is because Tom Brady is the greatest QB sneaker in league history, easily picking up first downs and touchdowns on virtually every attempt he gets. The Pats should really not have had trouble scoring, especially against the Titans, who allowed touchdowns on 68.1 percent of opposing red zone trips this year. Saturday, the Patriots had a first-and-goal at the 1-yard line, never attempted a QB sneak, and kicked a field goal when they should have tried going for it on fourth-and-goal. Clearly, Josh McDaniels is too busy looking to his next coaching job rather than listening to Yoda. "All his life has he looked away…to the future, to the horizon. Never his mind on where he was. Hmm? What he was doing." &gt; One funny thing about the various Patriots (ALLEGED!) cheating incidents is that they always seem to come when the Pats didn’t need them. They got caught spying on the Jets, Deflategate came out of a game the Pats won 45-7, Spygate 2.0 apparently involved the Pats scoping out the one-win Bengals. Earlier this year, the Patriots signed Antonio Brown for one game, got him a touchdown against the Dolphins, then cut him. It just makes so much sense that Belichick burned this fascinating loophole to reach a quicker ending to a 30-point game against the Jets, then had one of his former players use it against him to end their season. This is endlessly amusing to me.
Even better, what if he designates nonhuman heirs? I can see a fic where George stipulates that part of his wealth be given to the Giant Squid in memory of Fred.
Oh good heavens, Peeves with *resources*
Can you provide a link to said NFL-issued statement? I looked for it and couldn't find it. I know that after the game, referee Shawn Smith said that the referees on the field judged it to be incidental but did not say that they looked at the video during the game and specified that he had (of the time of his statement) not seen any replay after the game of the hit.
Sure, but I have never seen an offense so putrid in every way than the 2010 Panthers. Pickles was basically what you got if the child of Ryan Lindley and Will Grier was your starting quarterback.
Hopefully they actually tell us more about Home and give a release date. It seems most likely that Home will be tied to your profile on the Switch (though with GameFreak, anything can happen with how they handle it). Assuming it will be tied to your profile, will you be able to transfer Pokemon between profiles?
I am whelmed by this. I like Matt Rhule, but recent history of college coaches transitioning to the NFL is working against him. I guess we shall see, and I will of course support him and wish him all the luck.
It's better than Josh SnekDaniels
I agree. But right now he's the exception. Hopefully Rhule will be an exception as well.
Judging by the level of effort EA puts into Madden, it will be a carbon-copy of whatever the Panthers' playbook looked like in the last few entries.
Hence why I said "right now he's the exception."
I am loving the fact that this team is finally being brought into the 21st century under Tepper. *Finally.*
And not a single snek emoji!
I think he doesn't have a choice about Cam. I feel the decision about Cam will be made by Tepper and our GM Hurney.
Merlin that sounds hot.
I heard Ryan Lindley is available.
In Voldemort's defense, when you are assaulting a heavily fortified castle, there's not a whole lot of tactics available to you that aren't basically variations of "charge." He brought a method to knock down the walls by bringing the giants.
No, his uncle's name is Peyton. His daddy's name is Eli.
#### My Ballot ##### I understand that I may disagree with many of you for my choices, but I felt that these were the best answers at the time of me filling out the form. Several were very, very hard to decide between several deserving candidates. MVP (2018 winner: Patrick Mahomes): **Lamar Jackson** Offensive Player of the Year (2018 winner: Patrick Mahomes): **Christian McCaffrey** Defensive Player of the Year (2018 winner: Aaron Donald): **Tre'Davious White** Rookie of the Year (2018 winner: Baker Mayfield): **Nick Bosa** Comeback Player of the Year (2018: Andrew Luck): **Ryan Tannehill** Coach of the Year (2018 winner: Matt Nagy): **Mike Tomlin** Most Improved (2018 winner: Mitchell Trubisky): **Lamar Jackson** Meme Player of the Year (2018 winner: Kelvin Benjamin): **Kelvin Benjamin** Player We Hate the Most (2018 winner: N/A): **Antonio Brown** Player We Like the Most (2018 winner: N/A): **Ryan Fitzpatrick** Jared Cook Award: player who is blamed by fans of a team for being bad, and fans of other teams just take their word for it. (2018 winner: Kirk Cousins): **Philip Rivers** Offseason Champs: Team who is totally gonna win the super bowl this year you guys, look at who they signed this offseason, they are going to be so good OMG you guys, aka a team that was hyped up but never showed up (2018 winner: Jacksonville Jaguars): **Cleveland Browns** Jeff Fisher Award: Which coach tried his hardest to end 8-8? (2018 winner: Adam Gase): **Matt Nagy** Off the Tracks Award: Biggest derailed circlejerk (2018 winner: Jaguars Hype Train): **Steelers were the reason for AB being a nut** The Bengals-Steelers-Vikings-Eagles-Cowboys Family Award: what commercial that you saw all the fucking time this year did you hate the most? (2018 winner: any Chevy commercial): **any Bud Lite commercial** The Tebow: what manufactured ESPN controversy can we not stop talking about how much we hate it, and by proxy, ESPN? (2018 winner: Le'Veon Bell holdout): **Is Kyle Allen better than Cam?** Draft Bust Award (AKA Trent Richardson/Jamarcus Russell/Ryan Leaf Award): newly drafted player who was overhyped and underperformed (2018 winner: Josh Rosen): **Jonah Williams** The sp00py Rams Award: who do you think is going to be good next year, that wasn't good this year (2018 winner: Cleveland Browns): **Pittsburgh Steelers** National Socialist Award: to be awarded to Stan Kroenke annually (2018 winner: Stan Kroenke): **Stan Kroenke** Saltiest Division Award: the division you saw having the bitterest and pettiest fights this year (2018 winner: NFC East): **AFC North** Dumpster Fire Award: self explanatory (2018 winner: Pittsburgh Steelers): **Cleveland Browns** They Are Who They Thought They Were Award: best implosion by a team (2018 winner: Pittsburgh Steelers): **Dallas Cowboys** Houston Oilers Award: Most spectacular chokers (2018 winner: Pittsburgh Steelers): **Los Angeles Chargers** Swinging Gate Award: most inexplicable playcall of the year (2018 winner: No-call on defensive pass interference in Saints-Rams NFCCG, even though it's not a playcall the people have spoken): **Bears kneeling in victory formation, then missing the game winning field goal** The 1 Year Wonder, formerly known as The Nick Foles Award: player who performed spectacularly last year, but didn't show up this year (2018 winner: Le'Veon Bell): **Baker Mayfield** Goggles Do Nothing Award: Worst / tackiest uniform (2018 winner: Tampa Bay Buccaneers uniforms): **Tampa Bay Buccaneers uniforms** Manningface Award: dankest meme (2018 winner: Kelvin Benjamin fat jokes): **Kelvin Benjamin fat jokes** Best Offseason Pickup: (2018 winner: Khalil Mack): **Mark Ingram** Player That Needs to Get Cut: (2018 winner: Cody Parkey): **Jarvis Landry** Coach That Deserves to Get Fired (or deserved): (2018 winner: Hue Jackson): **Matt Patricia** Game of the Year (regular season): (2018 winner: Chiefs vs Rams, Week 11): **Saints/49ers** Play of the Year (regular season): (2018 winner: Miami Miracle, Week 14 vs Patriots): **Matt Haack TD pass to Jason Sanders** The Showboat: best celebration (2018 winner: Michael Thomas cellphone under the goalpost): **Seahawks Bye Bye Bye** Forget About Dre Award: what looked like an amazing offseason signing, but ended up not amounting to anything? (2018 winner: Kirk Cousins): **OBJ** /r/NFL MVP (2018 winner: /u/JaguarGator9): **u/JaguarGator9** Best NFL Team Subreddit (2018 winner: /r/browns): **/r/ravens**
Casting was perfect, acting was excellent, the dialogue was really good, and the editing was really good. O'Shea Jackson Jr was a welcome surprise. I did not expect him and he nailed his part. Overall, great cast top to bottom. I felt the pacing was a little off towards the end. I felt like Brie Larson's character was set up to be used a little more than she ended up being used. But man, some of those scenes were amazing. The execution scene, the scene at McMillian's family's house, and the scenes with Ralph Myers were all fantastic.
Nah, I would say trading away a future first round pick to move up in the second round to draft Everette Brown is the worst we've done.
Aaron Curry was a \#4 overall pick and he was a bust.
Carroll Shelby was a former auto racing driver and auto designer. He was recently portrayed by Matt Damon in *Ford v. Ferrari*, which is a really good movie.
My cat showed up in the belly of a moving truck when my family was moving over a decade ago. I didn't want a cat, but my sisters fell in love with him and convinced my parents to let us keep him. Well, my cat quickly decided that I was his favorite person because I was the only one that both gave him attention when he wanted it and didn't annoy him by picking him up all the time. So when I moved out soon afterward, he came with me. He's getting up there in years now, and he's on a special diet due to kidney issues, but he's just as friendly as ever. He's a little slower now, not wanting to play for very long and he snoozes more often, but he's still got the same annoying personality as always. And his lungs have not decreased with age. He's got a very loud meow and a very loud purr. And he's a fantastic judge of character. He never liked any of my exes, and only even tolerated one of them, but he quickly became friends with my current S.O. and absolutely loves napping on their lap or loafing next to them on the couch. In fact, these days he seems to prefer their lap to my own and he's recently taken to watching TV with my S.O. (which is the cutest thing I've ever seen). My S.O. and I built him a cat tower out of some willow trees that my parents lost last year in a storm. We put it in front of the living room window and he loves sitting on it and watching for birds. I don't know how I'd handle it if he were to pass on. I guess I will eventually go to the shelter and find another adult cat with a loud purr. My S.O. says we should get two adults cats, but I worry about them fighting because cats are territorial.
If you're referring to Like a Red-Headed Stepchild by mugglesftw, then it's *very* cracky. linkffn(12382425)
I got Usher and that's it. I feel out of touch with society.
Moton was down last year, but part of that was because our shit coaches moved him around on the line due to other injuries. He was fantastic the year before.
If the HOF voters do not put Willis in the HOF, I vote we get entirely new HOF voters.
I think the Panthers are actually going to roll with Greg Little as their LT next year, with Daley backing him up. I don't see Daryl Williams on the roster next year at all, and I don't see the Panthers drafting an OT in the first three rounds. I don't think the Panthers trade up because they have too many needs: OG, C, S, CB2, MLB, and DL.
I've played some Saints Row IV. It was weird, but kinda fun.
Addiction sucks. Hopefully she's got things in place to help her stay clean.
&gt; 1) Carolina Panthers Haircuts all around!
Yes and no. If you're grinding your team via the VS Seeker, which is a bit necessary in those games unless your team consists of like four Pokemon, then you should be able to get enough cash for a couple of the TMs. Especially in DPPt with those rich people south of Hearthome.
That and Kelvin Benjamin jokes.
He's secretly in a tryst with Colin Cowherd.
I think a lot of it has to do with the fact that none of her new tweets or tidbits get put under as much editorial scrutiny as her books did. Note that I'm not just talking about external scrutiny; Rowling went over and over and over her books before they were even sent to her editor, let alone being sent to the publisher. Months of looking at the same thing many times while she was in many different states of mind. I do some writing of my own, and I freely admit that I am not good enough to be published. I'm *far* from it. But I can say with absolute certainty that after I edit my work, it is orders of magnitude better than my first draft. I do spelling and grammar passes over the work. I do a style pass. I do at least one plot pass and characterization pass. Then I do another style pass, then finally I do a spelling and grammar pass again. I think that if Rowling, instead of tweeting things or writing tidbits here and there, sat down and collected her tidbits to put in a "Harry Potter World" volume, then she would submit it to far more scrutiny and it would then be orders of magnitude better.
Be careful, though, if you have pets and/or small children. They are toxic, so keep your cats and dogs and toddlers away from them if they are inclined to eat or nibble on plants!
Dunno why they would be downvoted. It's a matter of opinion, and they're not being rude about it. Most comments about Cam not jumping on the football are upvoted in this sub either way. It's kind of like 28-3 jokes, and passing on the 1-yard line comments, and other harmless stuff like that.
I dunno, I thought Brie Larson did fine. I thought her comedy was a little different, as it was less verbal comedy than other MCU movies. I quite liked the acting in the movie overall. Samuel L Jackson was good as always and Ben Mendelssohn was really good too.
And then r/wallstreetbets puts money on the horse.
Same here.
Fuck, this is terrible. I can't imagine how they thought that this was okay behavior. Every employee that knew about this needs to be fired, and if Gayle Benson indeed knew, then she needs to sell the team after paying an insane fine. I can't imagine what it's like to be a Saints fan right now. Hopefully all the people associated with the franchise that did nothing wrong can keep their jobs and the transition process is as smooth as possible.
Oh come on, no one in their right mind would be disappointed that their owner wasn't the one helping to cover up sexual abuse.
Same here! I'm not squeamish about blood appearing through natural processes like menstruation. It's when it's TV and someone just got their arm hacked off that I feel a bit sick.
Eli: "Always good to hear from ol' Tom."
Started reading this and good grief the Ron bashing is blatant and you can tell in the first chapter that the author is setting up Harry and Hermione. EDIT: Just realized that I replied to the wrong person. My bad. Downvote as needed. I meant this as a reply to the Amalgum recommendation.
I don't ever follow specific builds. I emphasize survivability in my playstyle rather than damage output. I know it makes me less powerful than others, and when I play with friends I'm usually the person that does the least damage, but I'm also the person that is always handy when someone needs a revive, and my run-n-gun playstyle is great for drawing aggro and keeping enemies from hiding under too much cover.
Well, I'm guilty of charging into combat, but I don't do it willy-nilly. One of the most fun things to do is to tear straight through the enemies, firing as I go and throwing grenades, then taking cover at the other end so I can reload and have my shield recharge. In the meantime, my teammates are usually actually doing damage. Naturally, I'm having *way* too much fun with Moze's Rushin' Offensive skill and the entire Demolitian Woman skill tree.
Mike Minter Chris Gamble Kris Jenkins Brad Hoover Dan Morgan
I don't think Lily was ever Harry's dad...
The article states "Saints executives", which could include other high-ranking employees than just the owners and their family. That said, I doubt anyone on the football side of operations had anything to do with this.
That's what they said; they said "a lot of people." They didn't say "all" or "most", they said "a lot of people."
Because they are theories. There are many, many things that we don't know, and many things that we think we know but aren't 100% sure of. Plenty of things have a leading theory that a majority of scientists in the field accept as most likely the case, but one of the aspects of being a proper scientist is understanding the distinctions between theories that have been proven over and over again to be able to be regarded as fact, and theories that are conclusions drawn from solid data but as of yet haven't had the time to have the same levels of proof. And many things we think are solid facts end up not being so. Scientists universally accepted classical laws of motion (Newton's and others) as fact until we found that at high enough speeds, these laws of motion weren't accurate. Those observation led to, among other things, the theories pertaining to relativity. Let's give a more modern example. One of the tricky things about climate change is that because the earth has natural cyclical periods of climate change that take place over hundreds and even thousands of years, we have to look very very closely at the evidence to see whether we are observing one of the natural cycles or if human behavior is either accelerating or aggravating the extreme of those natural cycles. Personally, I think there is enough evidence to suggest that humans are effecting an unnatural warming of the global climate. That said, I absolutely could be wrong about that. I also remember reading in my school textbooks (that were printed in the 80s) claiming that we were about to enter another ice age! We always have to accept the possibility of being wrong, and to understand how confident we can be in each theory.
Ok, some of these that you recommended are not Ron Weasley appreciation fics; they are Hermione-bashing fics. &gt;This one is a classic: linkffn(https://www.fanfiction.net/s/5858832/1/) Nothing in there about appreciating Ron. It's just Hermione bashing. &gt; (SELF-PROMO): linkffn(https://www.fanfiction.net/s/13318530/1/Broken), linkao3(https://archiveofourown.org/works/19323346). It's more Hermione-critical than outright bashing. AU 6th year fic where Ron tells Hermione to take a hike. Not really Ron-appreciating as much as it is Ron criticizing Hermione for all her faults. &gt; linkffn(https://www.fanfiction.net/s/6452481/1/Gryffindors-Never-Die) I second this rec. Funny and cracky. &gt; linkffn(https://www.fanfiction.net/s/7866134/1/Harry-Potter-and-the-Weasley-Seer) Ron's Divination predictions come true somehow. Becomes crackish in later chapters. Definitely crackish, but still fun. I am eagerly awaiting more updates.
Fuck it I'm down for it.
Because it makes you feel *things* seeing Cam's gorgeous smile?
I can understand that. &amp;nbsp; &amp;nbsp; &amp;nbsp; &amp;nbsp; ........... &amp;nbsp; &amp;nbsp; &amp;nbsp; Dat smile tho.
If he is lovely, respectful, and sensible, I really hope he gets the job someday!
Smut is incredibly difficult to write well. You'd think it'd be easier but making it realistic or natural is extremely difficult. I rarely include it in my fics because I know I'm just not talented enough yet to do it right.
If the comment is entirely just them pointing out a grammatical error or a spelling error, yeah, I admit I get irritated. It gives off (to me) a feeling that the only part of my work worth commenting on was the technical side, and that it got a negative grade. I won't lash out at them, though. I'll just ignore them. I do occasionally have grammar errors despite my editing; usually one or two per 5000-6000 words slip through. It's not great, and I do try to improve. But I'm not writing to explore the technical writing side of myself. I write to explore the creative writing site of myself. Therefore, if you're going to correct grammar, go ahead. But please make that a part of your comment rather than the whole of it.
All of the Borderlands 2 characters are fun and good for a solo beginner (except perhaps Zer0 and Krieg). Axton is great for beginners because his turret effectively gives you an extra ally on the field and several perks in his skill tree give it some fantastic effects, such as slag bullets (which cause all other damage to be amplified on the slagged target), the ability to put it on walls or ceilings, the ability to throw it far away from you to cause enemies' fire to be split in two directions, and my favorite: a shield that you can crouch behind that will still allow your bullets to pass through. Axton is fun to play partially because of the versatility of his turret, but also because he does well with grenades and rocket launchers. Rocket Launcher ammo is hard to come by, but they're great against bosses (especially when playing solo). Grenade ammo, however, drops frequently and Borderlands 2 has a bunch of really great types of grenades. Maya is great for beginners because her action skill (Phaselock) has a short cooldown, allowing you to use it more often. It also holds enemies in place, making it easier to hit them. She's great with SMGs and elemental weapons in general, and SMGs are a very powerful weapon type in Borderlands 2. Maya is fun because elemental weapons drop more and more frequently as you move through the game, and her affinity for elemental weapons means that you can extra good use of them. Maya with a fire pistol or fire SMG wrecks most of the enemies through the first half of the game, and when armored targets start appearing, she can make just as good use of corrosive weapons against them. Salvador is great for beginners because he has insane amounts of damage-per-second with his action skill, which lets him use two weapons at once. He also regenerates health and ammo while using two guns, letting him survive longer and put more bullets down range. At high levels, it is entirely possible to gunzerk for so long that by the time it has worn off, the cooldown has finished and he can immediately gunzerk again. Salvador is fun because it's great to use two weapons at once, and because he doesn't have an affinity for any particular kind of gun. Salvador can truly use nearly any gun effectively. Gaige is great for beginners because she has a giant robot that is effectively an extra ally on the field (like Axton's turret). It can also move around, allowing it to follow you to a different combat area once you'd cleared the current room. It can even restore Gaige's shield for her, if you have the right perk. However, it's less customizable than Axton's turret, and it's not quite as powerful. She also has some great perks that can make her hard to take down. Gaige is fun because she has one skill tree that keeps her and Deathtrap alive more easily, one skill tree that buffs electric damage to insane levels, and another skill tree that gives her amazing damage at the cost of having zero accuracy. My favorite is the electric damage tree, because until you hit New Game+, electric damage has no penalty against *any* type of enemy except for electric-elemental creatures (like electric skags), which are rare. It will absolutely tear through enemy shields. It also can make any weapon also able to slag a target, and make any electric elemental weapon also have a chance of doing fire damage as well. Zer0 is okay for beginners. He's very squishy and relies on positioning and movement on the battlefield. He's great with melee and sniper rifles. Sniper Rifles are very, very powerful in Borderlands 2. His action skill lets him go invisible for a short time, which is primarily used to escape a bad situation until later in the game, when you unlock perks that allow you to make it more offensive. He's fun to play, but you will die a *lot* until you get a hang of him. Krieg is okay for beginners. He's very risk-reward, which means that once you get a feel for him, you will be able to maximize the rewards while avoid the risk. His action skill turns him into a badass psycho, meaning that he runs around with a giant buzz axe and melees enemies. Great against mobs, but less good against bosses. However, he's fantastic with explosive weapons, which helps against bosses. He also has the best fight for your life replacement in the game, where he runs around and throws dynamite at enemies. Of course, you have to have that perk to be able to use it. One of his skill trees largely revolves around him setting himself on fire, giving you massive bonuses...but you're on fire and taking damage. It's very fun, though.
Hard to pick the best, to be honest. For Harry Potter, [Cauterize by Lady Altair](https://www.fanfiction.net/s/4152700/1/Cauterize) is almost universally acclaimed and is *very* powerful. The prolific author FloreatCastellum does fantastic work. Their [Slice of Life One-shots](https://archiveofourown.org/series/1344409) series covers a bunch of moments after the books that are very much in character. Similarly, their [Missing Hogwarts Moments](https://archiveofourown.org/series/1407286) series is the same general idea, but takes place during the books. [Grow Young with Me by Taliesin19 ](https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11111990/1/Grow-Young-with-Me) is probably the best romance Harry Potter fic I've read. Still in-progress, and updates are far-between, but it's definitely worth reading what is there and eagerly anticipating the next chapter. [Being Liquid by rotaryphones](https://archiveofourown.org/works/285360) and [Paperwork by Glass_CatOwl](https://archiveofourown.org/works/8393899) are great LGBTQ-themed works. For the DC Universe, I recently discovered Unpretty's [Sorrowful and Immaculate Hearts series](https://archiveofourown.org/series/440926), which has fun characterizations and primarily takes place in the characters' lives outside them being superheroes. For Pokémon, DaystarEld's [Pokémon: The Origin of Species](https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9794740/1/Pokemon-The-Origin-of-Species) explores a more realistic Pokémon world. It's one of the very few "rational" fics I've come across that is actually interesting and written well. It's very long and still in-progress, but updates on the first of every month like clockwork. For Star Wars, if you are familiar with the old Star Wars Expanded Universe (now classified as "Legends"), specifically the X-Wing novels or comics, you will greatly enjoy [This Wasn't in the Brochure by otahyoni](https://www.fanfiction.net/s/4289720/1/This-Wasn-t-in-the-Brochure). Very funny.
Anyone wanting to join the Panthers bandwagon needs to realize that it's basically like the wagon in Calvin and Hobbes. It only seats a few people and it always goes careening off a cliff after a really up-and-down ride.
Harry strained to see through the mist shrouding the form slowly standing up in the large cauldron. It looked vaguely humanoid but something about it felt off. There were two nubs protruding from its head; were they horns? And it seemed to have long hair coming in two flat bunches down the back of its neck...and the nose looked more like a snout... Then the mist began to dispel and Harry screamed in horror. Those were not horns - they were eyestalks! And the hair was just two fleshy...ears? Were they ears? The thing started to climb out of the cauldron, but as it brought the second leg out, the tip of a wide, three-toed foot caught on the edge, causing the monster to fall flat on its face with a loud shriek. It clambered to its feet, still not looking at Harry. Then...it spoke. "Robe meesa," the monster demanded in a horrifying nasally voice. Wormtail scrambled to gather the robes lying on the ground. The monster waited until it was clothed and then turned slowly to face Harry. "Ani? Is that yousa?"
A large, hunched, seated figure rose out of the cauldron. The mist shrouded most of its hulking form from Harry's view, but there was no mistaking the dim light reflecting from the two soulless eyes, covered by a mask. The *thing* splashed around in the cauldron for a few seconds with its arms, much like a child in a kiddy pool, though Harry was pretty sure kiddy pools did not send waves of caustic liquid over the edge to hiss on the fire below and wither the grass around them. One rubber-gloved hand gripped the edge of the cauldron as it hauled itself up to a standing position. Harry shrank back in horror from the hefty monster as it deftly climbed out of the cauldron. Two black boots hit the ground, and Harry's eyes gradually moved up the soot-stained loose-fitting trousers held by a black belt and wide suspenders, to the dull thick shirt, to the odd cylindrical tank strapped to its back, to the dark mask covering its entire head. The mask. Harry vaguely remembered it from a primary school unit on old wars. It was supposed to protect the troops from gas attacks. However, on this *thing*, it looked monstrous. The figure held out its hand and Wormtail shakily waved his wand at another gravestone, and a big yellow object floated out from behind it. This object looked a bit like a mad scientist's musical instrument...perhaps one that Willy Wonka would have devised. It had three main bell-shaped tubes at one end, with a smaller one attached to one side. These tubes wrapped around a grey nozzle of some sort, which was itself attacked to a big pink globe with a valve at the top of it. Two hoses connected the backs of the tubes to the globe. Harry had no clue what this was, but the monster clearly did, as it suddenly clapped its hands together and jumped in obvious excitement. The monster skipped over to the instrument and clutched it close to its body for a few second, hugging it tightly, then held it out in front of it. *Rainbows* suddenly sprang from the bell tubes at the end and burned the gravestones in front of it, leaving a wide swath of charred stone and foliage in the rainbows' wake. The rainbows suddenly disappeared, and for the first time, the figure turned to face Harry. "Hudda hudda huh!"
I have gibs off mostly for the performance, but partially because after a few thousand hours, gibs just kinda gets annoying. As far as porn sprays, I usually just post my spray over the hentai. If it's other lewd stuff idgaf, but most of the hentai that I see sprayed looks like it's featuring underage characters.
Other than the usual stuff, I do have a can of store-brand biscuits that exploded randomly a week after I bought it. It's sitting there in the back of the fridge and I'm too lazy to take care of it now that the period I could return it has passed. I also have an old butter tub that I need to throw out. I don't often use much butter (I don't usually fix things that it's common to put butter on), so my tubs always expire before I'm through with them. Then there's the jar of pickles that tasted like shit when I opened them last year and I've not bothered throwing the jar out.
Darren Newsome is the absolute worst.
Going through the responses as they are right now. - Interesting that there seems to be fewer people who identify as homosexual than there are people who identify as bisexual, asexual, and other. - Seems to be more people who identify as male than people who identify as female, though it seems to be less male-skewed than the general reddit population. So far, it's more even split than last year. - Lotta students on this sub, which is not surprising, really. - Seems like over half the respondents have written HP fanfiction but as of typing this, 50% have written it and 30% have published. Therefore 60% of people that have written it have published it). - I am **shocked** to see that 58% (as of this comment) of people will read stories where the protagonist is a gay man. Considering the amount of 'no slash' requests and general downvoting of slash-oriented fics that transpires in this sub. The mods do great work but the general users' attitude towards M/M slash fics on this sub is definitely negative. - It's funny that gay Harry is less popular than male slashfics in general, with less than 50% of people saying they read gay Harry stories. I guess there are plenty of people that like Wolfstar but not gay Harry. - The reaction towards gay women is far more positive. I won't get into my suspicions as to why this is, but this is very unsurprising. - Fem!Harry isn't too popular. I have to admit, most of the fem!Harry fics I've read haven't been very good, but there are a few damn good ones. I hope fem!Harry includes trans!Harry, because there are some really good fics out there that have trans!Harry. - Harry-centric fics are, as expected, the clear preference. - I'm surprised that 36% of people consider Pottermore to be canon. That seems high to me. Personally I consider only the original seven novels to be truly canon, with the rest falling under lesser stages of canonicity. Movies and Pottermore and side books are mostly canon except where they contradict the books, Fantastic Beasts movies are kind of canon except where they contradict the books, other movies, and Pottermore, and so on. Cursed Child, in my opinion, contains no amount of canon and any similarities between it and canon are purely coincidental. - Dolores Umbridge is the most hated character, no surprise. Surprised Snape is number two. I voted for Peter Pettigrew, who is in third at present. Funny how the big bad of the series, Lord Voldemort, is only hated the most by 1.9% at present. I'd rank Voldemore number three, after Pettigrew and Umbridge. - I personally find it interesting how the Half-Blood Prince is in the lead for 'least favourite book'. I remember most people not liking Chamber of Secrets, which is currently in the middle. My least favourite was Deathly Hallows, but I didn't expect to share that opinion with 16% of people. Finally some people are seeing the light\*! (\*for some definitions of light) - Shame only 77% of people think Ron was a good friend to Harry. I'd kill to have more friends like Ron in my life. I only have two friends as good as Ron, and I treasure them greatly. - Wow, 89% of people agree that Remus was right to tell Harry to use lethal spells against Death Eaters. I hope most of them said yes for the same reason I did: Remus was right to advise Harry in that way because Remus thought it best and Remus cared about Harry. Harry was also right to ignore that advice. - Lotta people think Draco wasn't punished enough in canon (54%). I'm on the fence here, as I feel like overall he got pretty damn well punished. Perhaps not in school, and that's on the teachers for not cracking down on his bullying, but I think he was set up to have a real shit time after Hogwarts, plus his last two years at school were pretty rough. I say he got punished about the right amount overall. - I don't like the idea that a well-cast Shield Charm being able to protect you from a conventional bomb. I feel like a lot of people are underestimating just how destructive bombs are. I mean, I hope no one has to find out first-hand, but bombs are *powerful.* Go look at photos of the aftermath of bombs. It's awful. - Smut is popular, no surprises there. I personally find it *hard* to write good smut. Haven't managed it yet. Kudos to the mods here for keeping this subreddit largely smut-free by way of rule 8. I say this not because I don't like smut, but because I'd like this community to stay outta sight of the Reddit admins, whose decisions are mercurial at best. - Someday I will convince this subreddit that Harry/Katie is the best pairing. Someday. Still working on that Harry/Katie fic that's been in development for two years. I want to complete it before publishing it. - Ugh, Harry/Draco's popularity is a thorn in my side. I love M/M Harry fics, but not with Draco, Snape, or Voldemort! - I wish Fleur was an option for Hermione pairings because she's my favorite partner for Hermione. - Interesting that people like democratic magical Britain when it's certainly not that way in the books. I'm indifferent. I've seen it done well both ways. - Heartened by the strong dislike of marriage contracts. I have yet to read a fic that has marriage contracts that I like, and I've read most of the most often recommended marriage contract fics. - Also heartened by very strong dislike of Mugglewank. - Strong feelings in both directions about romantic soul bonds. I'm not opposed to the idea, but as with marriage contract fics, I haven't yet found a fic featuring the trope that I like. - Ugh, Occlumency improving memory and learning? And most people like it! Please no, no, no! It always turns into a fic where one character is incredibly overpowered! Occlumency helps you defend your mind against mental attacks. That's it, in my opinion. - Looks like most people also like magical genius Harry, too. Make the fic less fun and interesting in my opinion. - Good, Ron bashing is finally becoming less popular. And Hermione bashing is very unpopular, thank goodness. - I'm very mixed on crossovers. I've read some really great ones and a lot of very, very bad ones. It's annoying that a lot of the more popular crossovers are with anime or western animated TV shows, neither of which I have much experience with. tl;dr: The subreddit's views are mostly unsurprising, I disagree on a handful of topics, and it's great that we've already had a great number of responses than last year.
I guess because Ron Howard didn't direct it.
It's not a contest. It's a census. Therefore people submitting mutiple entries to make some responses 'win' is even shittier.
That sub is terrible. Lotta people defending the spammers, feeling that spam is okay because the 'other side does it too', or blaming u/Taure for the spammers' actions rather than taking a look at themselves and realizing that perhaps they created an environment where that sort of behavior is okay.
It's a census. Not a ship war. It's supposed to be for the people that frequent/lurk on r/HPfanfiction. It's sad that so many people are focusing on *one* question out of all of the rest.
I guess the owners want someone more like Rob Manfred.
Red text weapons usually have an additional effect. Some are very powerful, some are meh, but they're usually not bad. Krom's Sidearm is a shock pistol that's pretty useful. You get it later in the game after you defeat Krom. The Dove is a decent pistol that you get as a mission reward later in the game from the Altar Ego missions, and it doesn't consume ammo which is pretty nice. The Patton is a pretty good revolver that drops from a Spiderant on a mission on the Trash Coast. There's a rocket launcher that's more of a grenade launcher called the Leviathan that you get as a mission reward in Treacher's Landing. Sledge's Shotgun is fantastic at short range. You probably already have it if you've beaten Sledge. The Boom Stick is a fun shotgun you get late in the game after beating Baron Flynt that shoots rockets. It's shit at long range, but great at medium range. It absolutely shreds large, slow-moving enemies, If you kill Skagzilla in the Dahl Headlands, you can get a fun sniper rifle called the Elephant Gun. It's got no scope, but has great damage and is really accurate. It's amazing for mid- to long-range. I'm probably missing a few uniques, but yeah, red text weapons are generally pretty good. Especially the legendary ones.
I didn't find them funny.
Revolvers start dropping more frequently once you get past the Dahl Headlands. Same with class mods.
Yeah, but insulting them and being generally hostile, even in a joking manner, isn't an effective way of communicating this.
And I think the French one's name is some variant of "Amy".
It's mostly the comments where OP is being insulting and/or hostile. I am American, which is pretty obvious when I write on reddit. However, I do my best to properly British-ise my Harry Potter fanfiction so that it could reasonably take place in Great Britain. That said, mistakes will be made. I manage to avoid the most obvious ones (mom/mum, double quotes/single quotes, -ize/-ise, -or/-our, -er/-re, differences in cursing, arse/ass, etc etc). But I do get tripped up every once in a while, even after I send my WiP chapters to a British friend who proofreads them specifically for Americanisms that need to be changed. Sometimes the issue isn't that the American author didn't do their due diligence when researching British culture and language. There are always some differences between the two cultures that are very minor and only rarely come up. Things that you would never think to research. You can't expect an author to research every bit of every paragraph they write. That's why I'm not appreciating OP's attitude. There's a way to communicate that information in an instructive and humorous way without denigrating the people that work very hard on their fanfics. Even looking through the comments, apparently there are things that OP is wrong about, which makes their tone even more annoying.
A lot of us the USA have hard water too. Just depends on where you live. My area has fairly hard water (about 160 mg/L), so I agree on the microwave thing.
America is 120 V. I thought UK used 230 V now?
I want the two Panthers to flank statues of Thomas Davis and Luke Kuechly tbh.
Made by the same people that did God's Not Dead, probably
Meanwhile [Manningface](https://www.reddit.com/r/harrypotter/comments/h0a7g5/this_kid_is_the_real_main_character/ftllq4c/) got posted over in /r/harrypotter earlier.
Mills, Greene, Morgan, Beason, Davis, Kuechly, hopefully Shaq by the time he hangs it up...
I think most of Europe was on 220 and the UK was on 240, then they all moved to 230.
I see Duckworth having an outside shot at being picked, and I like her as VP more than Warren, Harris, or Klobuchar.
They'll remake Kanto
I don't care for the alliance bullshit. I just vote for the Saints every time.
This would be a lot of fun but would introduce new challenges to map and level design to prevent players from going to unintended locations. That said, it would also introduce a lot of opportunity for even more hidden easter eggs and other secrets. I'd also like a mine grenade - one that doesn't go very far when you throw it and sticks to the ground, and when an enemy gets to close, it shreds them. Would be great for some playstyles that prefer medium- to long-range combat and don't want to deal with Psychos. A gravity grenade would be fun too - if you manage to hit a flying target with it, they are immediately forced down to the ground and stuck there for a few seconds.
For the moment.
I think I read a fic like that years ago. It wasn't very good, though. I like the idea of an all-girl Weasley family (except for Arthur).
Sadly it's abandoned.
No can do. Said artist has had troubles with people reposting their meme pics/WiP art/etc and so they requested that we not share it with anyone not in the server.
It's just their personal server for their art. They've got a patreon up and patrons get access. Lotta different kinds of art; they like to try new things. Pretty chill server, but they had to quit allowing non-patrons join because of the dumbasses that would post their art on imgur or flickr or wherever.
It looks fine to me. I hope the cooling is good. Not a fan of the controllers, but maybe with a different color scheme they'll look better.
The dude has done enough shitty stuff that we don't need to make up stuff just to make him look even worse. He does that all on its own.
Headlines involving Jerry Jeudy become way funnier if you change it to "Jerry Jones"
Nah, I think they'll 'borrow' from future years' caps to smooth out the transition.
Based solely on the Sorting Hat's song in this book, Hufflepuff.
Can confirm I have this bug too.
I'm just thinking of all kinds of fantastic animals that aren't Pokemon. Turkey, panther, tiger, bombardier beetle, boll weevil, cuttlefish, giant squid (think Wailord but squid), salmon, gharial, nautilus, dolphin, narwhal (I don't count Seel), goblin shark, tasmanian devil, musk rat, kangaroo, jaguar, serval, frigatebird, umbrellabird, red panda, sea lion, coyote, elk, moose, kiwi, poison dart frog, coquí frog, skink, platypus, wart hog, tamarin, glowing sea turtle, mata mata, bird-of-paradise... And I'm sure I'm missing a whole lot more.
I know. I prefer Ao3 too. But if someone writes a good enough story, I'll read it as a series of jpegs if I have to.
I think he's a good cheaper replacement but we don't know if he'll be as good. That said, I've been extremely high on him. When I was watching tape of him prior to the draft, there was this one 4-down goal line stand against Clemson where Kinlaw was either pushing the Clemson offensive line back or helping make the tackle short of the goal line on all four downs. I'm going to be rooting hard for him to succeed.
Thank you for including "soft drinks" as an option. So sick of the "soda, pop, coke" questions that forget that some of us don't use any of the three.
Anyone else put "per" for "Zip"? Couldn't think of anything else off the top of my head at the time.
Thank you for writing such a fantastic story!
I think they mentioned Sprint because the T-Mobile and Sprint networks have not yet fully merged. That's supposed to be complete by the end of the summer.
I know Soldier Field isn't great, but calling it No-Man's Land is a bit much ^\s
Voting against the Saints is always a good choice.
That's kind of our modus operandi though. We suck at things no one would think of sucking at. Like coin tosses.
Can confirm on the kitty litter. Thankfully my cat is far less picky about his litter than my sister's cat is about hers.
Read the article. Sounds like the Saints have changed their story several times. Unfortunately, it looks like we won't know the full story for a while until the full set of emails and communications is released.
I really hope they don't. I dislike that there are relatively few Pokemon you can use to even have a chance at the higher-level max raids.
It's even sadder how much occurs in the first place. We humans are a fucked up lot.
I was a little thrown by the 'gay/homosexual' definition specifying male-male attraction. I don't think that was your intention, but the way it was presented seemed to indicate that it was exclusive to male-male attraction.
Speaking as a demiromantic, we absolutely exist!
Queer is a bit of an umbrella term. I don't think there is a majority definition. Some people say that homosexual people are not queer, but others say that queer is defined as merely 'not heterosexual.'
Exactly. I have a friend that is homoflexible but prefers to identify as lesbian because only a few people know that she is homoflexible. It's also easier for her to communicate that she's a lesbian than that she's homoflexible.
I am, as always, eagerly awaiting the next chapter for the Chessmaster series.
Many questions were hard to answer. &gt; If No, then when and how do you change genres? An 'other' option or at least 'neither' option should be present here. &gt; Reasons- Have you lost books to your friends? An 'other' option needs to be here. &gt; "Do you have multiple rooms where books reside" Here, instead of having options of 'yes' or 'no', you have a list of rooms, only allow the user to specify one room (which doesn't make sense given the question), and don't even include an 'other' option. Also, this isn't really a casual survey if it's used by the Bookkeeper's Society (whatever that is).
The only word I can think of right now is resonant. It's a voice of command, of "this is the way things must be."
I think this is what everyone has been expecting them to do, and it's a good decision.
They are pretty good. The problem with the Animorphs series is that between the main series, the megamorphs additions, and the chronicles additions, there's over 60 books. That said, the main series books are short. It's a complicated series. The author, K.A. Applegate, had ghostwriters of varying talents for a little under half of the books. She personally wrote \#1-\#24,\#26, then came back and wrote \#53 and \#54. The Megamorphs and Chronicles companion books were all written by Applegate and are (in general) among the best books of the lot. The series is very violent. Not just violent for children's literature, but violent in general. There is gore but it's not glorified nor talked about overly graphically. And it's not a happy series. Nearly every character in the series ends up worse off than they were when it started. The alien races are not nice, either. There's only one race that's halfway decent and they are enslaved for the vast majority of the books. That said, it smartly deals with issues such as war versus pacifism, imperialism, environmentalism, racism, PTSD, teamwork, working with people you philosophically disagree with, acceptance and tolerance, and resisting the temptations of power. Several of the books allude to the struggles homosexuals face (though homosexuality is not explicitly referenced). Ms. Applegate gets fairly preachy, especially in the last couple of books, which detracts a bit from the series as a whole. Character development is all over the place at times. In the main books, only a few characters really have any development, and the last couple of books basically cram in a bunch of development all at the last minute, which makes it feel a bit hollow. The companion books are much better about this, though that is perhaps because they are much longer than the main books. It's also very firmly set in the 90s, with Ms. Applegate's idea of what teenager life and culture looked like then. Expect references to X-Files, Xena, going to the mall being very important, early internet lingo, Boyz II Men, Hanson, etc etc. Funny in retrospect though. Speaking of funny, the series has plenty of comedy. The main villain really hams it up, and the alien member of the Animorphs is pretty hilarious. Some of the situations the Animorphs get into are fairly ludicrous as well. All in all, a pretty good series. It suffers from preachiness and having a lot of ghostwriters, but the main bones of the story are good. I think reading the first 26 books, then reading the companion books (Megamorphs and Chronicles), then going back and reading from book 45 to the end.
Well, except for Visser Three. He's pretty much a straight up villain.
Mostly the futility of war and the necessity of environmentalism. Applegate usually uses Cassie as her mouthpiece in these instances.
Yeah. Rereading the series as an adult made me a bit annoyed with Applegate at times. I know she's very capable of subtlety, but it seems sometimes she just got lazy.
I have no idea how you came to that conclusion.
\#33 was very good but dark as hell.
Yeah Applegate did really well with the various alien species.
It was a bit of both. After all, she did ||send the surviving Animorphs except fpr Cassie into another war at the end of the series. ||
It'd be a fun spinoff as long as they didn't monetize the hell out of it. Have 25 Pokémon drivers ready to go right out of the gate and add another 5 via free DLC updates each month for 6 or 9 months.
I liked Let's Go overall. Though I really want them to improve the 2-player gameplay.
I love Sudowoodo.
I'm just gonna put this here... Fanfiction is a great way for young aspiring authors to practice their craft and perhaps build a bit of an audience. As with everything else, Sturgeon's Law applies, but as the saying goes, being bad at something is the first step to being kinda good at something. At least these people with ideas in their heads are actually doing something with them and metaphorically putting pen to paper. That said, there are plenty of fanfic authors that don't have the desire to get better. And there are plenty of authors that do fetishise certain characters (or even real life people). But they aren't necessarily the majority, even though they are loud. Plus you never know who writes fanfiction. I found out last year that a friend of mine who is quite extroverted writes fanfiction when she wakes up before she has to go to work.
Makes sense. The Panthers typically have 3-5 people vote every day...yesterday we had 14? That sounds hella fishy.
Iirc Billick's ego was also insane, even for an NFL head coach.
I thought it was Felicity Jones. Apparently it's Kaitlin Romig.
One of the first gifs I thought of when I opened the thread.
Oh good, I wasn't the only one that put "per" for Zip.
Kentuckian here. It's not rigged. That's a bunch of fearmongering by disreputable people. Kentucky has had a plan in place for this for months. Absentee ballots have been able to be requested and turned in for weeks. The polling places have been open for days now, allowing you to vote in person early if you want to. Already there have been more votes cast than in previous years, and we still have to get the votes of all the people that will vote in person tomorrow. There's no evidence of vote rigging. There's no evidence of foul play of any kind.
Perhaps you should take a Risk and try finishing it. Hopefully you won't be Sorry you did, but if you are, that's Life.
So, Lions fans, do you know much about Sheila Ford Hamp? Do you think she'd make for a better chief executive?
We've got pieces. Curtis Samuel should flourish with a quarterback that isn't the worst deep ball thrower in the entire league like Kyle Allen was. McCaffrey and Moore are good. Bridgewater is solid, if far from spectacular. I think it really depends on how our O-line shakes out. We've got a lot of youth but due to injuries, we haven't gotten as much experience for them. Okung will be all right at LT, and Moton is quietly a very good RT. It's the inside that will have issues, I think.
It absolutely can go off the rails, but it doesn't concern me overmuch because I'm a Panthers fan and I'm used to generally incompetent coaching.
Hey, Kawann Short coming back from injury and Derrick Brown being drafted should mean that teams won't be able to run all over us straight up the middle like they did all of last year...
Emily's outlook always makes me smile.
Odds that piss is an ingredient in the family moonshine?
My job continued largely interrupted. My job is considered 'essential', as my company is a vendor for a lot of logistical companies, so I had two weeks of working from home, then was told to come back to the office (where the test equipment is) and continue working. Thankfully my company has policies in place so that I'm the only person in my office and am frequently one of only two people in my section of the building.
Also that Matt Kalil contract.
Been waiting for that localization files update for **years**
Nah, it's okay. I'm fine with being disappointed by my Panthers, Reds, and Spurs.
Spurs fan here. Kawhi Leonard is a snake.
And remember that the Spurs almost beat the 2013 Heat. That was a really good series, even though I didn't enjoy the result.
I'm very fine with it as long as that doesn't comprise the majority (or entirety) of the review. By all means, tell me, but if you just leave that as a comment, it makes it seem to me that the only thing you got from my work had to do with the technical side of writing and that I didn't succeed.
With a rolled r
I feel like most people from Texas have the general non-rural Southern accent naturally, but the ones that use the stereotypical Texas accent are putting on an affectation. In other words, people from Texas have a Southern accent, but it's not naturally the one you'd think a Texan would have. I currently live in Kentucky but have lived in South Carolina, Tennessee, and North Carolina. I absolutely have a Southern accent and it's similar to ones that you hear in those other states. Unless you live in the very rural areas, there's not a *lot* of Southern accent variation between the states. There is certainly some. The Carolinas drawl a little more than other states, and there's a *hint* of a twang in the Alabama and Mississippi areas, but they are very minor differences.
Will Grier was fucking *awful* when he played last year. I get that he was a rookie and a backup, but holy shit he was bad even considering that.
The sad part is that Kyle Allen was that bad amd he was still miles better than Will Grier.
Hedwig Dobby Buckbeak Chocolate-Frog-From-The-Train Ford Anglia Treacle Tart Padfoot Potter
Bounty of Blood doesn't reference the main story at all, unless it does so in one of the sidequests I haven't yet finished.
Yeah, died a few years ago all of a sudden. He was only in his sixties, too. Damn shame.
I agree with you - to a point. I will say there has been a rise recently of 'angry' Britpicking posts. Ones where the poster is very offended by common (or not-so-common) mistakes made by non-British authors. I do think that an author should do research when they are writing a story set in a country and culture that they are not intimately familiar with. That said, fanfiction authors are largely amateurs, and the majority are young. These are free works. It astounds me how angry people get when they read fanfiction that contains a lot of mistakes and/or Americanisms. Just like it astounds me how angry they get when they read fanfiction that has plot and story elements that they personally dislike. Rather than complaining and shaming authors for not knowing things about British culture, the poster could make an informative post. One that's not making fun of or yelling at fanfic authors, but one that says, "Here's what things are actually like in Britain."
I remember there being an early episode where Sorkin wrote CJ as having no idea about anything to do with the census, which didn't make any sense. It was made worse when Sam kept throwing in little jabs about it throughout the episode when he explained things to her. Things like when CJ mentioned that she didn't know it, he commented that it was no surprise to anyone that there were things she didn't know. Related to that, the West Wing also has an annoying habit of having its women characters be the audience stand-in. It's usually Donna, but CJ and Ainsley are also like this as well often enough. Amy and Abby thankfully don't have too many times where they fill this role. Granted, you'll sometimes see Sam or Charlie be the audience stand-in, but I can't think of any instances where Josh, Toby, Jed, or Leo have this role.
Yeah, I think so. He doesn't have the longevity yet but I think if he retired today (hopefully he doesn't), he'd get in. Probably not first ballot, but eventually.
This is just saying that you don't like it, not that the author does anything wrong or *should* have done something differently. The author isn't writing only to people who insert themselves into the character. They aren't obligated to tell you what they have planned for the story. That's the risk you take by reading their work. That's the risk you take by reading *any* work. Is it helpful for them to tag their work? Sure, especially on Ao3 which has a much, much better tagging system than ff.net. But it's not the fault of the author if you enjoy their fic up until they introduce a slash pairing.
&gt; especially for a fictional universe with very few interesting male characters That is purely an opinion. I don't agree with the poster that implied that there is something wrong with you for quitting a fic with a slash pairing, but I will say that I also disagree with OP about sneaking pairings in.
Why are so many of your videos utterly riddled with ads? I remember you used to have an ad break every minute or so, and now you've got that bottom scroll? It's making you look really, really bad.
Our defense gonna suck so much this year. Rhule not getting OTAs and minicamps... Six games against the Falcons, Buccs, and Saints? Plus our general team chaos? Six wins would be a miracle...
AFC West and NFC North.
