No worries, thanks for the response! I get that being an Aussie my timezone is never going to suit the masses so I might just have to plan some time once in a while where I can get up at 4 or something.
And they forgot gold coast as a result, ouch
If Lindsay gets regular games, ahead of our other young small forwards like Johnson then yeah it's a mistake. If he just plays reserves and helps build the culture though, thats perfect. You don't get many good players in the deep end of the draft and those were the only picks we had to replace those who left.
Depending where you are in Geelong there's fibre available that isnt NBN
Definitely for the indigenous guys. I personally believe having anyone that has managed to stay in the game for that long with an indigenous background will have a much better influence on other indigenous guys than even the best role models. Even if he's not been the greatest on-field role model I Lindsay has proven he's capable of meeting the standards of AFL for a long time - something that can be very testing for people from very different backgrounds such as a lot of the indigenous guys.
[It was just Scott and Ken Hinkley](http://www.afl.com.au/news/2017-08-03/coaches-survey-giants-still-team-to-beat)
I agree but I think it's important to have someone to is closer in view to your average Joe. Mostly because when you put him alongside someone like Whateley the you dont allow people their echo chambers. It's important for Robbo to say stuff like the fasolo thing and then *admit to being wrong*. If he got away with it sure, but so long as we hold him accountable he helps many others learn what might not be appropriate too.
Yeah but Nintendo didnt announce this direct - clearly for a reason. This was not a "heres what we've been working on and how far through we are" direct, it was just announcing games that will release soon. A mini direct.
We are more sensitive to certain pitches, typically higher pitches as a predisposition to hear a baby's cry over other sounds. We arent programmed to hate them at all, just more sensitive to them
Doesn't work for me in Australia.
Yeah I noticed that. Took the new sign up too but hopefully they improve their lines of questioning if its more surveys, i always felt they had a desired response before.
Cheers, real pity - Rafa looked in great form
Do you mean an ice hockey player? A field hockey player complaining about ice rinks would be rather amusing too admittedly
Depends on how his game improves like the serve. Dudes got way better mental strength than most players which should allow him to get more out of himself than most.
I dislike this argument purely because youve gained so much big game experience from having regular blockbusters at the G as the home team. As a Port supporter I wish we got 2 more games at the G each year.
No mention of Kolo?
Collingwood play at Kardinia Park? I'd like to see that
Damn i feel for you. I broke my humerus a few weeks ago and recovery is a bitch. I cant imagine dealing with that pain for 7 hours
Have you looked into crowdsourcing consulting? Companies like Appen pay people to do localised data checks/source data for speech recognition for things like Siri. Its all work you'd do at home in your own time and only take jobs you want to do but is very tedious work.
If doing a set and forget you almost always want the best (ie most expensive) player because of how captains work. To illustrate, rather than two players that will score 100 each week, with one as the captain you could instead have one player that scores 130 a week and a 70 per week player - this will get you 330 points per week versus 300.
Close friend of mine did it after finding Appen advertising at uni. Was a good student job albeit he quit after like 6 months because he found it boring.
Pretty far away barring injuries I'd guess. Trengove definitely seems ahead of him at this point and we appear to playing fewer outside players like Dom Barry after we starting losing the contested ball badly.
Game wasn't called by channel 7 was it? Who were the commentators?
Yeah that's the fox team being broadcast on 7
I think when its 7+ years by a margin that large its more than play style, but I do think your current team/playstyle will have you winning more free kick counts
&gt; whenever its mentioned its said in such a negative way Except that this article didn't say it in a negative way. This was barely an article and more like an interesting stat since there was so little discussion. Otherwise, yeah totally agree, we shouldn't be blaming umpires for being human. They can't help being affected by the crowd and even the comments made by the coaches last night were more along the lines of "they might've missed a couple to the saints but the eagles frees were all there". So it's not like they're doing anything wrong.
How did you adjust for Port and Gold coast having played one less game to this point?
Maynes been playing further up the ground i thought? Doubt a defender goes to him
Totally agree. I also see our lack of ability to take contested marks as a major issue with our team currently. Losing the contested mark stat so badly means we cannot just kick to contests as we're likely to just turn it over. Hopefully Dixon gets back into his great form of last year and our scoring picks up.
How though? You'd be forced to have the teams that played on thursday nights also on friday nights around their thursday games which would give you very few teams playing in the prime time slots. Clubs won't be happy with that.
Ha! Yeah no, I just wanted to prompt discussion and stuck with the dot points I picked in round 1 when I started these.
How does trengove do the same role a slow midfielder not known for his pressure for a small pressure forward? Realistically the only options for neade are thomas, johnson or at a stretch Marshall.
Could introduce the new system in the netball of getting a bonus point per quarter won? I wouldn't agree with it but it would certainly entice teams to win the whole game and not just take quarters off/try and defend as hard. Would also lead to a ladder that correctly shows teams like Brisbane that get a lot of close losses to be better than other teams with the same number of wins.
Because he's buying into the injuries being the reason they're shit. You guys just have guys like Hannebery out of form rather than lots injured.
I like these. Keep it up
Gotta remember the context here too. He's shocking compared to the current standard of coaches (and why he should never have got the GC job) but back in his time his coaching style wasn't all that different from most - he just got results.
Nah didn't come across as mean or anything, all good. Will be keen to hear how you go this week - especially in terms of moving up the ranks. With so many people struggling to field full teams I suspect there'll be a lot of opportunity to improve overall rank.
How so? We were expected to finish bottom 4 last year and finished 5th after home and away and 7th post finals. I dont see how that's being overrated.
Why arent the umps just wearing their indigenous round jumpers again?
I agree, I'd prefer not to see it paid. Its a bad look for the game and isn't really fair to the players. It is consistent though as they try to pay it every week lile that
Huh bit lucky there but we needed it
Well im scared.
To be fair that was within the 'narrative of the game'. Port were supposed to be dominant in the 3rd quarter and the tiges dominant in the last. That didnt happen but thats why the commentators were saying that
That period with Astbury off and you guys still adapting to his absence was the difference really
[Will never forget him basically chucking a hissy in the 2014 final](https://youtu.be/eXDNz4Aw75g?t=332)
We lack pressure forwards and whilst he lacks in a lot of areas he does provide a lot of pressure. Our only other options are thomas or Johnson. We dont have small forward depth like a lot of other clubs
I had hope in the saints. I feel terrible for them.
No it'd go down because nobody would want to bean ump
Then why the hell havent you been playing good bloke barlow? Seriously you need him to be your ed curnow. Turns up and gets a bunch of contested ball and tackles rain hail or shine, flogging or not. Doesnt have to carry the team just has to ease the load of the others so they dont feel crushed.
Can we have him back then? Would love his tactical assistant coaching again
Leigh Tudor probably. Currently senior assistant at North and is really highly rated. Based on the North's ability to do well this year with a sub-par list I think he'll be held in good stead if Richardson does get the boot.
Not to take anything away from this because hes been playing great footy, but most of these guys have been out of form outside of Brown and Hogan. Dixon and Mccartin average less than a goal a game this year and lynch averages a goal a game against any team not named Carlton, and Curnow averages about two goals a game this year. Hogan averages about three and kickee three on him so the stats arent as quite impressive as they may seem, with the obvious exception of ben brown.
They can go against it but they have chosen to respect the games constitution or whatever its called. As long as they choose to abide by it then things like players on the field, zones etc cant be implemented.
The issue is that the umps probably looking at the wrong player and is under massive scrutiny to be quick. I bet hes checked the angle where Beams is obscured completely while touching it and another player tries to touch it and missed by a good distance and think it's clearly not touched. Because he's under pressure to be as fast as possible he makes the call without looking at all the other footage incase there might be a touch on those shots. And then he looks like an idiot because of it. We shouldn't be reviewing anything away from the goal line really. Balls touched in play are for the field umps, not the goal umps and we aren't reviewing their decisions here.
Better cameras isn't realistic for cases like this. You can't have every single camera a high speed high definition camera without blowing your budget out massively. And that's what would be required if you're trying to judge every ball that might've been touched in play. Half the issue is that we're trying to judge calls that are the field umpires to make anyway. If it's touched in play that's up to him to decide - not the goal umpire.
I actually think the AFL have completely messed up with their interchange cap. This is caused largely by that cap forcing players to play slower/not be able to play with such bursts because they are more tired. Players like Dane Swan are no longer anywhere near as impactful because they rely on being fresh to perform at their best - and they don't get that opportunity unless there is a string of contests that allows them to rest a bit. Add to this that [we know boundary throw ins are scored from more than ball ups](http://www.aflcommunity.com.au/index.php?id=47&amp;tx_ttnews%5Btt_news%5D=3162&amp;cHash=299b56a14258b7dd7edf298915676834) and we can assume the harsher deliberate out of bounds is actually lowering scoring. We should be happy with boundary throw ins because of the more open and chaotic nature of them rather than the stagnant ball ups. This also suggests that if umpires went back to bouncing the ball around the ground it would stretch the contest more and make it more open by nature of players being uncertain where they need to defend etc.
Youve missed the point of the role. Wingard boak and gray are great forwarda but not pressure forwards. When was the last time you saw wingard or gray applythe kind of chasing pressure neade does? Thats not their game. Just like neades is not all about kicking goals. He just needs to be forcing turnovers and hes doing his bit for the team.
Like how Buckley was gone once the players stood up for him?
Because Thomas is undisciplined and should not come straight back into the side after the way he played when given an opportunity against Geelong, he's gotta earn it. He is pushing his case though I'll give you that. I do disagree on the saying you have to kick goals if you play forward though. Defensive forwards are still a thing and an important part of a team. This issue with Neade is he's not good enough at this side of his game to make him a good selection when he's not also being a threat offensively. If he could be an effective defensive forward then not kicking goals wouldn't bother me at all. We still need that pressure though. Personally I'd like to see Johnson come back into the team because I think he applies the frenetic pressure of Neade better and is younger and has more potential. But no matter how you look at it, Thomas, Johnson and maybe Marshall are really the only options for him.
They weren't at the time they said they stood by him though. It takes time for things to change, and sometimes shit just doesn't work for some reason. Doesn't mean you should just abandon everything you've done so far though.
This could be a much bigger lead tbh
Is it? I honestly havent seen any howlers
Yeah and much earlier too. Let the player get way too close to him.
And HtB if not high surely..
They're just quality bullies. If you don't apply enough pressure they will bury you
Crisp has been excellent since he went to half back last year.
Eh, they did beat up Adelaide who aren't exactly a bottom dweller. They just didn't apply pressure that day.
Dees are tired and have given up
Look we only scored 1.7 in the second half, but we'll take it.
Lycett you mean surely? Darling aint leaving as far as I know
Yeah look if you can convince them to accidentally give up Darling instead of Lycett that'd be an even bigger win for you guys. Might as well try it?
GWS are 9th so don't apply for the top chart, but yeah I just gave you half their wins for the draw in the second chart. And then Brisbane are only worth 1.
How do you feel about wet weather games? We saw huge amounts of sliding go unpunished in the wetlands game between GC and north this year but it was largely unavoidable due to conditions. How do we have a consistent rule for wet weather where its almost impossible to keep your feet?
Probably Fyfe and Toby Greene. Need a good smallish goal kicker and hes the best that comes to mind
The reason it bothers me is because wet weather games are when sliding is most beneficial and also is most dangerous as sliding players will maintain their speed more. I just think it takes away from the sincerity of claiming it's for player safety if you have different rules for different conditions.
Wait not Chris Fagan? Who is Andrew Fagan and why should I care?
&gt; for slipping over rather than when they actively choose to go to ground. The issue here is the rule is supposedly protecting players. We don't let players off for accidentally making high contact when trying to spoil so why should we let them off elsewhere? If it's dangerous shouldn't we punish them for it regardless? I know I'm just playing devil's advocate but the reality is our rules need to be more consistent and have a clear ruling, not one rule for one day and another rule for another day.
I mean the tv fixture is set based on preseason expectations so they werent given as many prime time slots. Plus in SA you will always get the SA games shown unlike in Victoria for example.
I think the other factor of lower interchanges is it hurts burst players. Guys like Dane Swan that could play incredible bursts but needed regular bench time to make him most effective. The game has become so endurance based now that players that some of the most exciting players cant play their best because they're not endurance beasts. Im looking at you Chad.
I think plenty of people would have predicted Melbourne to have 8 wins at this point as soon as the draw came out. Based on preseason expectations beating Adelaide and Essendon are really their only upsets, with losses to Collingwood and Hawthorn that you'd have penciled in as wins preseason. Honestly this whole article reads a bit weirdly. It doesn't seem to have a particularly clear point of view that it puts forward and seems to vary between "Melbourne is doing better than expected" and "Melbourne aren't as good as you think they are". There's also the small stuff like mixing descriptions of margins by points or goals and saying the Bulldogs gave up leads but managed to lose? I do agree though that they should make finals. Their ability to put away bottom dwellers makes them a lot like Port of last year and Melbourne similarly should finish 5th or 6th I'd say off the back of excellent percentage.
The gold coast is interesting. A growing region with lots of people who don't already have an AFL team. Similar to western sydney in that it's an effort to convert rugby followers or to get them to follow both codes. A small portion of the population in the Gold Coast becoming supporters/members would be perfectly fine. The reason it's so interesting though is that this has been the case before for other sports teams, and it just doesn't seem to work on the gold coast. Maybe the water's tainted, but every club there seems to fail. Looks good from an economic view but then doesn't deliver. So far the Suns are going the same way. I do think the reasoning behind expanding there though was sound, it should require a lot less going right on the coast than it does in Tasmania.
The question needs to be raised if it's a sliding rule or just a "contact below the knees" rule though. Because of a lot of the contact below the knees get paid when there is no slide, but generally when the player at least ends up on the ground.
Any win by 57 with no injuries is a good win in my book. Important players playing decent footy and our trades from last year are showing their value. We have significantly improved our worst player and can better cope when players like boak have a shit day.
To play devil's advocate, TV numbers are down a fair bit. That's pretty good justification to say people aren't wanting to watch as much.
Bailey Dale was one who really impressed me in our game against you last year, was sad to see he's injured too cause he really has the potential to step up into a good player. Also don't know if you saw that Webb and Boyd also hurt their hands last night. Boyd in Particular seems like another big loss to your ruck division.
Well Friday night fixtures are determined with the fixture the year before. Back when we all thought they wouldn't be awful.
Hard to do consistently when he's sharing so much work with Ebert, Powell-Pepper, Rockliff, Gray, Boak, Polec etc.
You have 3 prime time slots (ANZAC eve Tuesday + Queens Birthday Monday + Friday night) which isn't particularly out of the ordinary to be honest. For reference Port has 3 (2x Friday, 1x Thursday), Saints have 4 (4x Friday), Hawks 2 (Easter Monday + 1x Friday) and Carlton 5 (1x thursday, 4x Friday).
Yeah that's why I provided Carlton as the main source of complaints. West Coast and North - the two teams most predicted to drop have only 2 and 1 (Good Friday) prime time game respectively. Which is pretty in line with how they work it out. The other thing though is that clubs can request more friday night games when they get to make requests regarding fixturing. Some ask for less travel, some want longer breaks, some want more prime time. It's not simple to make everyone happy though
It makes me sad to see such a well written and researched piece that I really just don't care that much about. State of Origin really doesn't interest me..
I'm betting that Bonney is Kuma's mother.
For me it's because Darling's out. He's been having such an incredible year and losing the best contested mark in the game in 2018 is bound to impact their team. And they're playing another proven team in red hot form.
Uhhh..
Whats wrong with it? As long as hes looking at and contesting the ball he's well within his rights to collide with another player
Nah you have to join the queue and wait until Collingwood's had their turn.
But look at the bright side, you have got all your offerings to the footy gods out of the way this year which will free you of injuries in future years.
Richardson for sure if either. Carlton is playing as a team never expected to succeed and without their best two players of last year.
Only reason you take the captaincy off him is if it's the deciding factor on keeping or losing Sloane. He's a great captain normally though and he was excellent last year
Where's the trip? I can't see any contact to his legs at all?
The problem with doing monday-friday fitness stuff is the players need to do recovery from the previous weeks match. If they dont do recovery or their training is too significant through the week it either means they're going to struggle to play to their best or they have an increased chance of injury.
When you set the bar above everyone else its hard to go above and beyond. Lots of coaches have got coach of the year for defying expectations, but clarko just gets results.
It's not for the money it's to keep their melbourne based fans happy. Geelong have a large amount of MCC members and a lot of members that live in Melbourne that can't get to all the games in Geelong. This is why they want games at the G but not etihad. [Note how they requested 9 games in Geelong this year and none at Etihad.](http://www.afl.com.au/news/2017-04-06/cats-chasing-nine-home-games-for-2018) The other two home games they want to be at the G.
2 home games. Often it is against teams that play regularly at Etihad though so it ends up as "home games", like when Geelong host Collingwood, Hawthorn or Richmond at the G.
Why does it need to be a gendered issue? Why cant we approach this as we dont want anyone being killed randomly in a park. I want men and women to be safer. That doesnt mean just men have to change and it doesnt mean men have no role to play, it probably means society has to change. Relying on Men to make the issue go away just isn't realistic when it only takes one guy with a mental health issue or drug problem to cause an incident like this and no manner of disuasion from his mates or parents or whatever will change that.
That's an excellent take on it. Recognising that a lot of these incidences come from people who are unstable, withdrawn and hostile and should be getting professional help is the best way I think we can change this, at the very least in the short-term. To reference the comment above saying "If you want men and women to be safer, men need to change", this does not actually help in this regard. Treating men as though they just have a lack of morals that need to be taught is only going to address the set of men not respecting women enough, it wont fix the problem entirely because this is a subset of the overall causes.
Oh my bad, I thought it was the same number as Geelong played at the G.
I'm not the person you responded to btw. I want to fully acknowledge those statistics, as even though there is a power disparity between men and women (we should never expect 50/50 split between men and women on this issue) 85% is way too high to ever be acceptable. The reason I say why does it have to be a gendered issue is because I find it strange that we can't join together over this to find ways at cutting down the overall number of homicides etc. What you seem to be saying is that because men are more often the perpetrators that we should treat it as a gendered issue and be hostile towards men for not doing enough?. What I'm saying is that we should be together on this issue because men are also the victims ([in fact men are the victim of homicide twice as much women](http://crimestats.aic.gov.au/NHMP/). And where to focus right now? I'd say mental health support and encouraging people to get anyone they may feel is unstable, violent or hostile to seek proper help. This doesn't affect everyone, but trying to improve these statistics based on morality and teaching attitudes will take much longer than any sort of immediate mental health support for those who could end up this violent. Ps. The link to your 2012 stats doesn't work for me
The issue is the AFL's appeal in my opinion. They had this view and then they challenged the Curnow brothers getting off on the basis that the intent and perception of the umpire should play no part in the verdict. If the contact was intentional then that's all that matters. Now I don't expect the AFL to follow this whatsoever because inconsistency is the name of their game, but that is the precedent they have set.
The issue is that with May's head down there's at least some doubt to give him the benefit of. I don't see where you get that with Dusty. He went out of his way to make contact to demonstrate
That's how the rule *should* be. It's not the rule currently though. Intentional contact = intentional contact.
&gt; If you want men and women to be safer, men need to change. It sounds like acknowledging that might be uncomfortable for you. I read this as - this is your (men's) responsibility. Maybe it wasn't intended that way but it came across to me as it's up to men to make it go away. &gt; It's an inherently gendered issue. What I mean is we shouldn't be divided on this by gender. The rhetoric is very heavy on blame and not even trying to work with eachother currently. We're both victims of this, not just one gender like you make it sound by saying its inherently gendered.
&gt; Don't you think it's a bit strange to be angry that people are upset about a woman being murdered? Raped and murdered*. If it's 'just murdered' (obviously just murdered is a ridiculous thing to have to say) then people are right to throw back the comparison that men who are being murdered are not getting in the news at all.
The ones the AFL argued at the tribunal shouldnt have any say in determining whether contact is intentional or not?
The ones the AFL argued at the tribunal shouldnt have any say in determining whether contact is intentional or not?
Except that the rules are clear in that regard, if its intentional it goes to the tribunal and they decide penalty. They dont have to suspend if they dont think its justified.
What makes this so similar to the may case and not the ed curnow case though?
Got to keep in mind theres often other factors at play. For example you look at Adelaide who have had a lot of soft tissue injuries, thats not the medicos fault thats the conditioning staff and preseason load's fault. Now im not saying thats necessarily the case here just that injuries are often about more than just the medical staff.
Rapt*
Bit different when half your midfield is gone. Adelaide would surely love him right now
Theres also been 5 premiers that have had to win an interstate away final to win the flag. '05 sydney, '06 west coast, '12 Sydney, '15 hawks and '16 Bulldogs. Of the other 9 grand finals geelong and hawthorn are responsible for clean sweeping 6 of them: 07,08,09,11,13 and 14. Collingwood, Port and richmond are responsible for the others. Doesnt really seem that bad to me. If you wanna win the flag you should be able to win away. Knowing which ground it'll be played on in advance lets you prepare and not be caught out playing a ground with very different dimensions (e.g. scg or ghmba stadium).
In what way are we a quick side? We have contested ball winners but very little pace. SPP, wines, rockliff and ebert are great contested ball players but hardly fast. Same for Gray when hes plays midfield actually. Our game plan this year has been to slow teams down and beat them where possible in the contest. Cause we play like this we have often won off the back of only one good/high scoring quarter and just nullified the rest.
&gt; even teams who get a home game in the first three weeks of finals might have to play them there because of a business deal between the AFL and the MCG This isn't the case any more by the way. The AFL will still move games to the G if they feel they'll be preventing too many fans from attending otherwise (see most of Geelong's finals), but they aren't obligated to any more. &gt;If it's all not true and it's all noise and the MCG genuinely does provide a fair and even playing field for all teams, especially come September, then I'm happy to eat my words, I just don't see how it does. It doesn't. It most definitely doesn't, but then neither does any other ground around the country. There is no absolute neutral ground. So the AFL takes the route of making it the most accessible they can - by having it at the highest capacity ground each year. Imagine if the higher ranked team hosted the grand final and GWS went on a tear and host it against the tigers? Spotless only fits 24,000, so that's 75,000 people missing out, not to mention the lacklustre atmosphere caused by a ground that is not meant for that sort of occasion. It just doesn't work when each team doesn't have an MCG class stadium.
Of your remaining games at the G I can see Adelaide, Collingwood or Geelong knocking you off. Adelaide is kind of dependent on their team coming back from the dead though.
Totally agree, I don't think of a loss in any of those games will derail your back to back campaign at all, unless it costs you a home final/top 4 spot.
There's also Melbourne and Geelong though too which would give you an MCG showdown if you meet either of them in finals.
They already do this actually. The TAC cup was for example played with zones in a previous season where a certain number of players were required in the 50s at each stoppage. The SANFL has tested the last touch out of bound rule, as well as the AFLW too. The issue is these competitions aren't close to the AFL in how professional they are and the coaching doesn't exploit the rules like the top level coaches do.
How accurate are media reports regarding what goes on behind closed doors? And has there ever been a player that they really wished wasn't a part of the team but got picked regularly anyway?
Trengove I'd assume can just play ruck/fwd again?
I'm convinced you guys have the most optimistic medicos in the league. No other team names guys that are under such an injury cloud and then pulls them just before the game.
It couldn't happen again though right? Right?
Massive test for both teams. A win would give each a sniff of top 4 while a loss hurts the chances hugely.
Dixon's miss too.
Test is meant to take 20 minutes though because not all symptoms show immediately. Putting them back on before 20 minutes is up is completely irresponsible
The issue is whether you're upset about ones that are actually there vs ones that arent. The sliding one, the high on rocky and the one on Gray as mentioned by the OP, were all there at critical moments. There were some missed that I thought was lucky to us but those were the momentum defining ones you seem to speak of.
Damn Nev Jetta continues to amaze me by just how good he is. His tackle on SPP who breaks everyone's tackles was exceptional.
Jonas was outstanding. Howard also been really solid at coming from behind to get a spoil.
It seems to go in cycles like that. Teams end up with multiple gun rucks at once after drafting a few at a time hoping one will come good.
Yes that's exactly why they review the footage. If they do a concussion test they have to be off for 20 minutes. Theres no pretest or anything, its either a concussion test (20mins) or a different test. It means they didn't do a concussion test on the groggy player barely able to walk in a straight line.
Also before you guys had some confidence, and realised you actually do know how to play good footy
You're using weasel words to get out of being shown wrong here. If the rules state you cant be bumped while attempting to mark - which he clearly was, then it doesnt matter what a "marking contest" is defined as. You're trying to define a marking contest to apply to this case and yet say it ends once he makes contact and doesnt mark the ball. /u/4nyonbthhytnhklnr showed the rule states if you're attempting to mark, you cant be bumped. He was attempting to mark, and got bumped. Thats a free.
How was he not attempting to mark the ball? Maybe it wasn't possible but he was clearly attempting to
That's an acceptable interpretation of marking contest, but it's not the rule. You're still saying this isn't a marking contest instead of judging whether the player is attempting to mark. An attempt to mark does not have to be realistic. It just has to be an attempt. It's the same as with blocking - the player does not need to realistically be capable of reaching the ball, you can't block them from running at the contest.
Yeah he did but its not like he snapped and hit the guy like with tom bugg or barry hall. What he did was reckless and dangerous but its not the same as intending to do harm. The impact was a whole lot worse than most reportable incidents, but the intent was much the same. Crucifying him for intent when its clearly not as bad as some cases (rance hitting watts in the back of the head, Brian lake choking etc) is not the right way to go about it.
What do you mean by apologize for real? I thought he apologized to Andrews the next two days when calling up to check on him. Do you want him to apologize to the public or something?
No he shouldn't have. Both players are just trying to protect themselves by extending a leg so they dont get fully tunnelled etc. Why cant players protect themselves? Why is it even against the rules? You seem to want blood (along with many others) because it hurt dahl when it seems to me its similar to a far bump that knocks someone out (ala hodge v heppell).
Hes done it multiple times actually just only once got a player in the head. Ive seen it be done by other players too since this incident - chad wingard being a key one who often sticks a leg out when marking. Just cause you only remember one incident doesnt mean that's the only time anyones ever done it.
That's just not realistic all the time. We can't have a contact sport that doesn't produce incidents like that. What you're arguing is not to outlaw actions but to outlaw consequences - which is totally unfair. There is so much more that results in a consequence and even worse if you can act the same way for a different consequence you don't even encourage players to act differently - they're going to continue playing the same way and just hope not to hurt players. If you want to outlaw players being able to protect themselves in marking contests by all means make that argument but you better be aware you're outlawing most of what makes marking contests great in the first place.
Thankyou! A much better term! Carelesss, intentional and maliciously intentional would make excellent categories. It would be like how severe is rarely used currently but when it is, you know it's a big deal. If you have malicious intent you should be fucked right over by the tribunal.
How have they all shown to be a notch above Port? We beat 2 of those 3 teams.
I dont think you guys get enough credit for your defence. You weren't just barely hanging on,you were doing what you do best and absorbing a fuckton of pressure in your backline. Yes you were definitely not on top/playing better but its not fair to your backline
Hope you said that before the replay
Grimes hit the guy next to parker who Parker had his arm resting on - that's how it got injured, but Grimes didn't hit him directly.
I'm confused how your think Vlastuin's wasn't too bad? Like I get the annoyance at Buddy not getting suspended, that could easily have gone either way. But surely you recognise turning and elbowing someone square in the head is not acceptable? Especially when it's got enough force to start closing up before the end of the quarter.
Brilliant article. For all the talk of how good Melbourne have been it seems its quite aggressively offensive with less regard to defence. Very strange when you remember this rebuild was built off paul roos ultra defensive style.
Didn't look comfortable taking it at all. Reminded me of Daniel Motlop's shot after the siren where he visibly winced when the siren went. Players that don't want that pressure often miss.
We play Collingwood here too later on
Never been good at long shots though. He's more like Schulz in that regard. Hes the opposite of most guys his size who are often better at long shots like walker, hawkins etc.
So I really hope we arent going to do our standard play one really good quarter and just defend for the rest today.
Nah, dont have to. Sydney's been making top four for ages without ever being abig bully. Consistent wins are enough.
You got anyone else still fit that could even come into the team?
Its more about the environmental impact of the energy use to produce paper bags. Theres no point having a "greener" product if the process to produce said product makes it worse overall.
Of all the Curnows Charlie is the least likely to be described as a leader. While the older siblings are known for it Charlie instead is the one who decided to go drink driving on his Ps the night before the draft. I doubt he'd be anywhere near what he is as a player at this stage if he didnt have Ed guiding him.
I think you're more likely to actually ruin it from the defensive point of view. Say for example you preemptively flood your backline whenever you score a point. The benefits of the new kick in rule fall to pieces. Whats the point of quick transition out of defence if you cant get it inside 50?
Realistically that wing position is Westhoffs. Not sure why hes not swapped with sam Gray instead of Hoff, Dixon, Lycett and Marshall all listed as forwards. Personally I'm not sold on Bonner at all and hope Mayes/Amon/Burton can play well enough to take that wing position ahead of him. Farrell, woodcock, Butters and Sam Gray are also likely to battle it out for one position which should be good depth.
What if we want it to be good? Can we not voice our displeasure or disappointment in it?
The bigger issue is not what the afl is doing but how theyre doing it. They're claiming to be changing the rules for the better with barely any evidence to back up their claims and have rushed to bring them in instead of taking their time to analyse the situation thoroughly.
Just to add to this it's really important to not see a psychologist as only an option when things get too bad. Seeing a psychologist to get on top of things early or as a preventative way to help your mental health is just as warranted. I know there's a lot of people attending school and uni on this sub and I'd recommend that you all look at the services provided to you by those institutions which are generally free. And often times just knowing you have a safety net can help mental burdens even without needing to use the services available!
Nah I totally agree. I personally think we should be contending for the bottom half of the 8 but am not certain we'll get there - but that's more about losing Polec and Wingard. My comment was more to try provide context for why others are less keen on the swans. Recent history is what's remembered and what is expected. So if you had an amazing start to the year and then it fell apart - clearly you'll be a basket case next year. Reverse applies too (see the bombers predictions).
Did you just submit a 2019 leadership group guess and a 2019 best 22 guess at the same time and yet exclude someone in your leadership group from our best 22?
Hey man I just came across this thread from searching why my tab mute no longer worked. Just wanted to say thanks for providing all the insight and trying to fight for those of us who appreciated this feature. I may not enjoy losing a feature I used almost daily but having someone like yourself in a comments makes a huge difference in terms of my perspective of the issue. As a sidenote - you mentioned the ability to "Report an issue" in the Chrome Help menu in another comment to draw the team's attention to issues we experience. Whilst I don't see myself using this for this specific issue, I cannot for the life of me find where that menu item is. F1 takes me to a full help centre where I can read articles but don't see the ability to report and issue, the settings menu doesn't seem to have the option and right clicking on tabs, pages or other content doesn't bring up the option. As these are the most intuitive methods for me to report an issue, can you elaborate on where the option is and whether it's sufficiently visible to actually capture the information you'd like?
Got given a Kayo subscription for christmas. Gotta say it's pretty impressive so far. I have a google chrome ultra which allows me to watch any replay (and presumably all 2019 live games) in HD on the TV with no issues along with a number of fox sports channels as well as all the other sports offered. The UI could use a bit of work because things are pretty confusing at times but the actual functionality has been good for all of the 1 day that I've had it. Disclaimer: I've had it for one day, so it might still have a heap of issues I'm yet to encounter.
New Spiderman was amazing, on the other hand new Aquaman was terrible.
No offence to you guys cause with lever and May you definitely could have the 3rd best defence, but from what we've seen this is far from accurate - its pure speculation. Much the same on the bombers too - how in the hell are they fourth above the likes of Geelong and Port?
Bit optimistic and hopeful but... I want the rule changes to actually go well. Like for the game to actually be faster paced and more highly skilled whilst retaining contests of strength for shots at goal. A man can dream right?
Is there a way to include stewie dews 5 minutes of fame from the 2008 grand final? I know it wasn't a single moment but it was what changed the game from "cats will get over them at some point" to "holy shit hawks have got this".
Doesn't help that indigenous round is two weeks now. There's pretty limited time for when the China game is able to be held - and its nice we get a bye at the same time as other clubs now!
Houston the midfielder!?
New look centre square midfield for port today. houston and amon have both started in the centre for a bounce or two already.
And yet there's still more people there than the GWS gold coast game yesterday...
I am loving houston playing as a midfielder. has been incredible
Dont think so. Richo left his spot on the bench to go check on him in the rooms
Would help if we could play a game in some dry conditions
Its just robbie who the umps hate. Boak came fourth in 2014. Hes a chance
They should change it so that only goal line reviews can be made. Any decisions that should be made by the goal umpire should be reviewable, but decisions by the field umpire should not be - just like the restof the game. Its just too unreliable to get camera footage of the ball being touched in play and it gets missed heaps for marks all the time.
For Stocker and Adelaide's 2019 pick*. They still get 2 picks for 1.
Don't think he'll necessarily be sacked, but I think Longmire will leave the Swans this year too.
&gt; Even on paper, expecting Carlton to move up slightly and Crows to maintain, it's pick 19 &amp; probably 10-ish for pick 1-4. It wasn't 'pick 19' though, it was stocker. It was live trading because they wanted that specific player. They rated him a lot higher than pick 19, which is why they did the trade. If the Crows held ground from last year Carlton get pick 7. Pick 7 for Stocker and Pick 1-4. Hardly unheard of. It's doomed him because of how it's fallen. They've failed to improve this year and that was part of the risk they took so the result falls on them. I don't think it was an unreasonable risk to take if they really do think that highly of stocker though.
Yeah but it's still 2 players for 1. Stocker and Pick ~11 for pick 1-4? Not really that bad if Stocker turns out to be a great player. Carlton said they thought he was worth about pick 7, so if it's pick 7 + 11 for Pick 1 is that stupid? Probably but it's a lot more even.
Don't assume every draft year is equal. They could easily get a Watts, Scully, Swallow, Patton, Boyd, McCartin at pick 1. Not all pick 1s are superstars, often times they're just solid players or guys with a lot of potential that don't get to deliver on it for one reason or another. There's zero reason that stocker can't be that player too.
What about pick 1 for pick 19 and pick 7?
Yeah I'm just responding to the above post where he described the trade on paper with crows maintaining their spot on the ladder.
Yeah I'm just responding to the above post where he described the trade on paper with crows maintaining their spot on the ladder.
Lol, no worries.
It's not about the pick number though when it's a certain player. That's like describing the trade for Scully as trading pick 1 for a 4th round pick. Or GWS trading O'Rourke (pick 2) and 43 for picks 19 and 40. The reality is if Stocker had been started his career on fire like say Sydney Stack, everyone would be asking how no other recruiter rated him that highly. Hell there's already draft bolters every year - Stocker is just the first one enabled by live trading.
I guess I just see it differently because they got two picks for it. Imagine they use the pick from Adelaide (~ pick 11) in a trade for a highly rated player. An example would be pick 12 was traded for Charlie Cameron in 2017. So now it becomes Stocker + Charlie Cameron for ~Pick 1. It's really not that bad.
&gt; It most certainly is when you're the team trading out the pick #1 for said player. The pick the player you're getting was taken at doesn't matter though at all. Imagine they made the same play for Tim Kelly in the year he's drafted? You'd be making the same case that nobody else wanted him til pick 24 but actually he's a jet. You have to trust your list managers because that's their job. If they say someone is worth pick 8 then you have to trust that. Just because he hasn't impacted immediately in a shocking team doesn't mean much. Lets watch this space and see if he's still struggling after the next couple of years.
Based on the same reasons he got the job in the first place I'd imagine.
A dedicated mod sledge thread you say?
My point is that every time you use pick #19 it's not accurate. It's a player as much as Scully or Watts are players. Players have different value than just the draft pick they're taken at. &gt; I'd be reluctant to take a #5 and #6 for a #1 tbh. How about Steven May (+ Steak knives) and Connor Rozee? That's what Pick #5 and Pick #6 at last year's trade period gets you.
Oh my bad. Yeah okay. I still have no issue with that then though because you can't talk that negatively about your club in that position. He's got to sell this as the club moving forward and that results will improve over the rest of the year.
Hasn't he had a pretty okay year though? 5-6 at the bye rounds for a team ravaged by injury and expected to be bottom 4. Richo failed last year but so far this year he's actually been alright. If you fall off the cliff like a lot of young sides tend to do then sure he's in trouble but right now I'd have him ahead of Worsfold and Beveridge.
I don't see Longmire getting sacked - I can see him getting poached though. Can definitely see him heading to North, Carlton less so.
Hinkley's test will come when he's got fit players at his disposal. It's one thing to be mid-tier with an injured list, but it's another altogether to be mid-tier when all the stars are fit and playing. Having said that if you look at most people's external expectations for this year, they had us as between 9-14 on the ladder. So it's not as if we've underperformed from expectations and we've blooded a metric shit-tonne of youth. I feel like Hinkley doesn't have the tactical acumen to get us to a flag but I don't see how we can sack him with the results so far. He just hasn't failed any KPIs this year unless first quarter scores are one of his KPIs.
Pykes the other one not being spoken of, but if this Crows team fail to make finals again he could be under a fair amount of pressure.
Primus was also too good as a caretaker coach for his own good. He wasn't a good coach but because he got such dramatic results in that period (won 5/7 games) it meant he got the top job. Turned out sadly that he was nowhere near ready.
Yeah it is, pick 7 is just if you'd held your spot from last year.
Yeah but theres a point where thats just being unrealistic. If you play a team of players that all have under 50 games experience you cant expect to win. How much pressure are you or anyone else putting on Richmond for their losses to north or the bulldogs? Maybe its because you dont expect the same consistency from a team with a host of injuries?
Which is exactly why failing to make finals this year would be a big failure. You're playing a pretty old team atm and gibbs jenkins betts walker douglas etc are getting older and some close to the end in the coming years. It would be a major waste if you cant make another significant finals appearance.
Thats not how that works. You have to use 95% of the salary cap at least so some players need to be on good money at struggling clubs. He'll be on a front loaded contracted so that you dont inflate the contracts of the rest of your players and screw yourself for later when they all deserve better pay.
Yeah im not saying their coach should be sacked, im saying the results are expected with their injuries. Why do you think we got LOL of the week for losing to last years minor premiers? The same applies to us. Take way the entire leadership group and most important players and we or any other club in that position is going to struggle at times.
My point is that the money he's on should not be a sign of how much you can expect to get out of him immediately. Its not like he's tom lynch joining a flag winning team, you've got a 24 year old key forward and are asking him to be one of the blues best despite the entire team struggling. You paid him a lot to get him to the club. He'll get better and he'll perform better for the club in future years.
Oh wow, that sounds like Houston in the midfield could be a permanent thing. Not just thrown in there as a stopgap but training for it with boak and rocky. Looks like an inspired move based off this week, but I dont see how we'll make it work with rocky and wines in the team..
He may have just overrated stocker way too much, its not necessarily the list he got wrong. If stocker turns out to be a jet though then this trade looks fine. Or third possibility - next years draft crop is very similar in ability and the difference between pick 1-3 and pick 10 is much the same. In that case getting stocker is a clear win.
So Carlton said they rated Stocker at 6. So compare if that was pick 6 not 19 (as thats what they feel they're getting) - 3000(1) for 3080(6+11). That's why they do it. They rated stocker at 6 - so the trade is value as long as stocker is *actually* worth pick 6. And we won't know that for years.
Downside is robbing the backline of him. So as long as we have the players back there (which we have an abundance of atm) its a winning move. I just love his composure and kicking ability.
Port rejected the trade suggested for Ports pick 18. You must not have seen the video on the blues getting stocker on draft night. They called Port and offered us the same deal for 18 and we rejected it, just as you did when they asked for pick 16.
I agree I just find it amusing that so many people are referring to pick 19 when the blues tried to do the same deal for pick 16 and earlier to try get stocker. That's *exactly the same* if they take stocker at pick 16 or whatever, but now everyone reckons they were dumb to give it up for pick 19. I just see it as another overrating of an 18 year old. No different than all the other kids that havent lived up to their pick - assuming stocker doesn't live up to pick 6*ish
My point is that the 19 -&gt; 16 is arbitrary in this case. Carlton could have traded up to pick 8 for stocker given they rated him at 6, even though nobody else did. Then suddenly it's 8 + 10 for pick 1 even though nobody else would have taken stocker until pick 20. In this case the pick isnt important, just stocker. Its more akin to a trade of a player who hasnt played any games.
Oh he said this did he? I'd been Under that impression for a while because he was so impressive tactically and analytically on afl 360 but couldnt get results at all and then it seemed to finally come together last year. Great for him that he was able to show he's capable of adapting too.
Not sure what the point is you're trying to make? Thats a discussion about the AFLs initiative to hook into what Port has set up. Notice how they're only just getting an office in china despite already having them in New Zealand, USA, Europe and South Africa.
I think you've missed my point. This game doesn't happen without the other party agreeing to it, unlike tassie or darwin where you just give some teams the raw end of the draw and send them out there. Absolutely nobody would be happy/willing to play a game in China against us just because we chose to host a game there. For the Saints to have to send their players 10 hours away to get sick and injured, flogged and then 10 hours back for nothing would start an uproar. You can say we should have to give up a home game all you want, but if we do host it you're the ones thats going to have to come play us against your will.
Because you and many others seem to not understand a players draft value is not objective. I'm attempting to illustrate that. Just because Stocker was taken at pick 19 doesn't mean he is the 19th best kid in the draft.
Just on a pick 1 thing. They still have games against 5 of the bottom 7 (5/6 when you exclude them noting being able to play themselves) so it's definitely foreseeable that they pick up some wins there and end up giving up a lesser pick.
I think the biggest error made was moving curnow and murphy out of being permanent midfielders. None of the young guys in the middle have developed enough or are strong enough to play significant roles in there yet. Dow, O'Brien, Kennedy, Fisher, setterfield, SPS etc are all talented players who are likely to become good mids but they just aren't there yet. And that's on Bolton. He misjudged the development of his players or he didnt develop them well enough, either way it's not SOSs fault.
Not the same though because both those are forms of the exact same thing. Its more like getting two Toyotas for a Porsche.
26 year old injury prone key forward who has shown elite talent but failed to deliver so far. There's going to be a lot of clubs interested if the asking price is a second rounder. I would expect the bulldogs, hawks, kangas and Port at the very least to inquire about him.
It would be a massive deal if it happened but I think you should go after Jack Ziebell or Cunnington. North are looking to get some draft picks in the door and Ziebell/Cunnington are two of the few they have that will command trade value which will get the conversation started. Both are a bit older but excellent contested players and would help out Cripps enormously. I'd personally say Ziebell would be the better option to get (leadership ability never hurts) but not sure if they'd part with their captain. Alternatively, see which one of the Bulldogs' endless midfielders they're willing to part with. McLean, Wallis, Libba are the top of the pile of experienced options, but Jong, Williams, Dale or Lipinski are all also decent mids and would come cheaper.
This concept of scoreboard cost per injuries is not one Ive seen before from Champion Data. Gotta say I like it but would like to see how it actually works - how are they determining what a player's scoreboard value is?
I think there's definitely a cumulative effect that will be lost in this type of judgement (ie. losing your best 5 players from 1 role is worse than losing your teams best 5 players that play different roles) but Salem and Hibberd haven't missed that many games have they?
Yeah you'd know your list better than I do, I just see a heap of midfielders that all tend to have quite a bit of experience and are quite likely to be available to be poached.
No way you can afford to be trading Heeney if you only have 12 trades. You'll have none left soon!
Ahh but soon they will have the bye - and their post bye record is almost as impressive just in reverse. They havent won in the round immediately following the bye since 2011!
I mean if you can find a chinese billionaire willing to bankroll an upgrade to the score review system then I don't think anyone will say no...
Is that just cause you dont believe in it? I dont get why people think the umpire was so confident to call it hitting the post if he didnt hear something. Umpire didnt ask for review so trust him.
Ablett might still be AA this year which would put his first and last(?) 12 years apart. Gotta be Ablett then Harvey for me.
Why is it that every second article on here is from thewest at the moment?
Nah studs up
Bulldogs?
As u/blender1808 said: "How is knocking a player out by tackling illegally not deserving of suspension, what would you suggest they get?" Nic Nat was always in trouble when he knocked a player out whilst breaking a rule. Same applies here, make a two action tackle and knock a player out and you'll be in trouble.
Didnt you guys just drop Broad though?
Well how many mids will make the team and how close to actual positions do they have to play? Cause Cripps, Fyfe, Neale and T Kelly are all walk up starts right now for AA inside midfielders.
Only on total. Fyfe has the better average, having missed 1 game. Edit: having missed 2 games cause of the bye! It just makes no sense to use totals when only some teams have had the bye compared to others.
Are you also campaigning for Clayton Oliver because he's great in those categories? Two stats don't define a player nor their impact. Cunnington has been incredible but the other 4 I named are clearly ahead of him. All 4 have been complete match winners with a mix of inside and outside play. Most notably the other 4 find opportunities to kick the ball as well as handball it which is how Cunnington and Oliver use the ball most.
Two games. He's had the bye too.
Agreed. Im just pointing out impact isnt summarised in two stats
Lol, why did you use totals? Fyfe has played 2 less games (1 through injury, 1 with the bye) so of course he will look worse with those numbers. Lets review those numbers with **averages:** Cunnington: 29.2 disposals v Fyfe's **29.4**. **77.1** efficiency vs Fyfe's 73.1. Kicks: 8.6 vs Fyfe's **15.6**. Contested Possessions: 17.7 v 17.7. Uncontested possessions: 12.5 v **12.7**. Turnovers: **3.2** v 4.0. Contested Marks: 0.6 v **1.7**. (note you used overall marks not contested marks above - which would be 2.9 v **5.3**) Total Clearances: **8.5** v 7.6. * Centre: **3.3** v 2.7. * Stoppage: **5.2** v 4.9. Goals: 0.4 v **0.6**. Score Involvements: 5.9 v **6.4**. So fyfe is getting more of the ball than Cunnington but also managing to kick it almost twice as much, while at the same time managing similar clearance and efficiency numbers. He also manages more score involvements, goals and marks (both contested and uncontested). Don't cherry-pick numbers just because Fyfe has played fewer games.
You chose the totals and ignored the averages which I considered to be cherry picking the stats that look better for Cunnington. You're right though I shouldn't have described Fyfe as having more disposals, they're practically the same. I still see it as Cunnington having an excellent year, but his playing style being close to Oliver with many many quick handballs and less impactful breakaway play/outside midfield work. [If you look at the AFL stats pages on the two players for example Fyfe is rated above average or elite in **28** categories (excluding the ruck contests, fantasy/rating points and free kicks) while cunnington is rated above average or elite in just **15** categories.](https://www.afl.com.au/stats/stats-pro#/Compare?playerIds=CD_I280921,CD_I291570&amp;comparisonTab=h2h) Fyfe is just doing a lot more around the ground compared to Cunnington even though Cunners is the better dedicated clearance player.
You talking tom Atkins? He hurt his hip like the second week he started playing more dedicated midfield time, having spent less time in the pressure forward role. Basically he and Clark combined to push constable out of the team - atkins as a defensive inside mid (where he seems to spend most time now) and Clark on the wing since Touhy came back.
A great demonstration of how Atkins plays would be his game against Gold Coast. He only had 15 possessions but managed 11 tackles, 9 score involvements and 1 goal, 4 1-percenters (e.g. smothers), 2 clearances and disposed of the ball with 80% efficiency. It's not so much what Atkins does with the ball that makes him impressive, but what he does without it. Clark's kind of the opposite. He's going to become a Shaun Burgoyne of the game where you just want the ball in his hands going forward. His kicking is elite and he can go long when needed, as well as having great speed and game sense. And I'd have Geelongs pure midfield as the best quality in the game but if you're including Grundy in the equation then Collingwood probably wins out. He's an incredible ruckman.
Huh. Dougal.
He's been good but not incredible in my eyes. I just certainly wouldn't have picked him to be in the team of the year at the halfway mark of the season.
I mean yes that was true. They've just failed miserably this year. The predictions are based on last year's performance where the demons were excellent.
I go to more Geelong games than I do port games sadly, being in Melbourne with a close Geelong supporting mate. Most of what I said is based on him educating me on all things Geelong, but it seemed all accurate to me.
It would likely be considered infringing on their copyright, or at least that's what they'd claim. They would likely start a lawsuit if we just did it without any consideration of them until they were heard/had their demands met. I think Collingwood are being right dicks about this entire thing, but I believe legally they have a leg to stand on.
They would I assume because we didn't use that geurnsey initially, whilst they have always used it. We started using the prison bars jumper in 1902 compared to Collingwood's first game in 1892.
You mean to say you have more than one mouthpiece? Eddie's the only one who really speaks for the club is he not?
Just so everyone is on the same page that's not quite what was stated. You cant transfer pokemon to SwaSh that aren't in the Galar dex but it doesnt stop you obtaining them through another method (e.g. island scan). They also stated that its a very large regional dex so we'll have to wait and see how many pokemon miss the cut.
Does it fuck them up or just change them?
Do we know they aren't being coded in? Anyway, The event idea can literally be added at any point. A pokemon not initially coded can be patched in later without issue.
Yeah that's true, but it changes how it works now. If you have a ruleset that is easily explainable you lower the barriers to potential new players. Complex rulesets are bad for the competitive scene
He's confirmed not back. Hinkley said dixon and wines would play another sanfl game on 5aa radio but Hartlett would return
&gt; Instead of complete freedom they would then dangle these otherwise unobtainable masses of Pokémon in front of you. This has literally always been the case in Pokemon. Event Pokémon that are only obtainable in some convoluted way is not new to the series (and they often used to come with a price tag of some kind or not even be available in some regions!). At least now there is gameplay attached to it and the players get some control over whether they catch the exclusive Pokémon. Big improvement on heading down to the local gamestore for a code. With regard to the competitive game its more about making it more accessible. They *want* players to compete and having complex rulesets and older Pokémon that are incredibly difficult to obtain is a massive hurdle to the accessibility to the competition. This method lets them include a pokemon without everything they've offered it with previously. For example, lets say gamefreak buff cloud nine so that its a super strong ability. Currently that means that anyone who has access to a cloud nine lickitung/lickilicky has a strong option that the rest of the players wont be able to use unless they have pokemon X/Y on 3ds as thats when its hidden ability was last obtainable (i believe thats when it was last obtainable anyway). A game that is 6 years old and on a different console to the current generation. With this change gamefreak can now cut lickitung with his HA by offering him as a pokemon not on the regional dex. This can be applied to any older move or ability which is now frowned upon by the balance team. Basically it gives them control back without being beholden to old design choices or using incredibly complex banlists.
Very very possible. I think a big issue too was all the different scenarios that led people to hacked mons. People would go to lengths to hack pokemon in so that they could take part in VGC rather than buy old games just to get a pokemon with X ability etc. Same with getting perfect IV legendaries. Nobody would reset that many times just to get the perfect legendary with the right nature and perfect IVs. And yet that's what's often required/expected for competitive battling. That's obviously why hyper-training/bottlecaps are now a thing to counter the need for this.
You mean like hyper-training?
&gt; Very careful” because there will be no extra Pokémon) If you make a post like this stick to the facts, without your interpretation. I interpret that statement as they were very careful what they chose so to assist the balance of the metagame (e.g. no hidden abilities on certain pokemon). It does **not** state that there will not be more Pokemon. Look at the last generation of games - we already had island scan providing pokemon who were not in the regional dex. This statement by Masuda does not mean we will never see every pokemon in SwSh (although we likely wont), just that we won't be able to transfer them. After all its "gotta *catch* them all", not "gotta *keep* them all".
Yeah I think it shows a willingness to fix the problem though. They're actively trying to come up with more engaging ways around it
Yes that's precisely my point. being completely gated by the requirement to have older games/friends with older games/people active on the online trade network just to be able to be competitive is very inaccessible.
Optimistic I know, but couldn't the animations be for things like pokmon amie? Like animations outside of battles where they already had some they could reuse?
Except that everyone knew they couldnt just keep adding Pokemon forever whilst still supporting them all. That would become too much work at some point and the games would become unprofitable. We just all assumed that they'd stop creating new pokemon not just stop supporting some.
&gt;Why would they not simply put these Pokémon in the dex if they are somehow obtainable, so that you can transfer them in like all others in the dex? Because they don't want everything they've given pokemon in the past to return. A good example is hidden abilities. How do you remove a strong hidden ability from a pokemon that is being transferred over? A pokemon that would be otherwise not be problematic is now incredibly difficult to balance or fit into the game because of earlier design decisions. This move gives them control back over these elements. They are no longer tied to every design choice made previously due to pokemon being brought forward endlessly. Now you can tell me that's not your priority and it shouldn't be theirs, but its not grasping at straws or any such thing. Its a reason to regain control over a series where they have seriously lost control.
Yeah but it's a trend. It's not about this game if the problem just gets worse next game. And the game after. You'd make progressively less money until you're losing money on the games.
No its a money issue. It costs money to support pokemon and program them in. This grows with every new addition. Every new feature also needs to consider all 800+ pokemon. That's expensive development time.
I'm not saying its technically not feasible, its not worth it from a monetary sense. There's a lot of programming and testing that goes on - for every single interaction, including all those outside of battle (pokemon amie, move tutors, friendliness, poke pelago etc). This is not just some copy paste job and the more work therr is to be done the more expensive it is to do. Throw in additional visual updates, textures animations etc and supporting a continually growing supply of pokemon was never sustainable in the long run.
You mean battle animations? How about the rest of them?
Yeah just the models. Oh and animations for every interaction, and bug testing for every new feature/interaction, and balance decisions for all new mechanics, and balance decisions based around all the old moves/abilities given out. But yeah it doesn't really make a difference to the workload, they're just lazy.
C makes sense, I can agree with that. But A is just nonsense. The game is much more than just models of pokemon, you need every interaction to work without bugs. That means lots and lots of testing. Testing for dynamax, testing for move tutors, testing for gameplay interactions (e.g. new moves), testing and animations/graphics for any new features (e.g. pokemon amie). People wouldn't bring their pokemon over with them if they couldn't use them. Its not the model's people want but the gameplay. And gameplay takes resources and costs money.
Yes, and what about all the new content and all the other animations? This isn't pokemon stadium, there's more animations than just the fight scenes.
Yes like the refresh feature - of which there's generally a new variation of each generation. All the cute cuddly stuff that Pokemon includes needs to be animated too on top of battles.
That's fair. I think part of the reason they've done it is to stop needing to think about every single pokemon with every ability and every move etc. Like it's so shit if you need a pokemon with its Hidden Ability that was last available back in X/Y. Get rid of that shit, I want to be able to compete on a level playing field without needing every previous game in the series.
There's problems introduced just by allowing those pokemon to be transferred though. Mostly due to hidden abilities but also from exclusive moves. If you need to own older games in order to not have a competitive disadvantage then you're effectively gated from taking competitive very seriously. To give you a personal example I wanted a hidden ability Lickilicky for a competitive team. But it wasn't available and I wasn't going to buy a copy of X/Y just to get a Lickitung with its hidden ability so that I could use it in USUM. I couldn't get it in USUM, nor S/M nor ORAS. I would have had to get a game 4 entries ago in the series *just* to get a single pokemon with its hidden ability. Gamefreak just need control back over their series. It's a shit way to do it, but at least they should have control back from here on.
The issue is that Gamefreak does not own Pokemon. As big as the franchise is, it's not Gamefreak who make that money. That's The Pokemon Company - who is part Nintendo, part Gamefreak and part Creatures (another company that Nintendo has a stake in).
Yeah exactly. If Pokemon Home is substantial enough then I don't have any problem with this decision.
If you're only interested in gameplay then I can see that. Graphics outside of the wild area also look up to scratch. It's the choices theyve made that suck - but that's felt much more by hardcore pokemon fans rather than casual fans. End of the day, I still have full confidence this will still be a great game just not everything it could've been.
I mean, if most of the money comes from the anime, merchandise etc and doesn't go to Gamefreak then yeah they might not be able to hire more people. It's like saying the Marvel Alliance game should hire more people so the game is better - after all it's one of the biggest franchises in the world. But if you take that attitude you ignore that they're probably going to end up not making enough money from the game for it to be viable.
Are we or are we not talking about introducing pokemon post-release? It'll be exactly the same as making something that was previously unavailable, available through online distribution.
This umpiring is frustrating
He goes by X, so you could extend it to Xma
Im guessing you just watched the last qtr? Felt like it was well done in the last but shocking up til then.
Some wont, at least initially. But some will almost certainly be available that aren't included in the galar dex. There's always Pokemon catchable latelt that arent in the regional dex. Notice how they said you won't be able to transfer those pokemon not that they'll all be unobtainable forever.
This game wouldn't be, but the trend of adding more and more pokemon would mean more and more resources, when sales are relatively consistent. At best you make less return on money than you have up until ths point.
That's probably a fair assumption. I still dont know any of their shareholders would be happy with a system of games that will make progressively less money despite maintaining sales.
Yeah its pretty systematic. But to say its all the same is to ignore all the variances within the formula used. It would be like saying Donkey Kong Country 1,2 and 3 were practically the same game. Nah, they're just the same franchise with the same formula and gameplay mechanics. Inside those elements the experience is completely different. Same applies to pokemon. The balance, the adventure, the story, the challenge, the pokemon, the gimmick etc they all vary game to game within the same formula. The current game will continue to be good and strong because the formula works. Introducing open world elements is one of the biggest steps forward for pokemon ever and it's goingto be popular.
Duursma definitely. Dont see Rozee as that same type of leader, but you just cant teach the courage and willingness that duursma has.
Yeah it was fitness. Wasn't a huge surprise that our makeshift midfielders like Houston didnt have the tank to run out the game.
I must have missed that, where did they say all obtainable pokemon are in the galar Dex?
Westhoff struggled with his new role and has had a really down year. The 6-6-6 has also hurt him as his ability to drop back in defence is limited now. Ryder is not a forward/ruck, hes a ruck who rests forward occasionally. Has completely failed as a forward this year (as he did when he first played along side lobbe). With Dixon back we can try a different structure but I expect Ryder will return to the team at some point once he's got some confidence. SPP is a tough one. We've basically got too many players of the same role. With wines, boak and ebert all in the team there's no role for him in the midfield or half-forward line. He has incredible intensity and impact but his terrible disposal and kicking for goal means he will always be behind thr others until that changes.
We had impey, trengove, ah chee, lobbe, austin, wingard, polec, pittard and hombsch all go to other clubs in the last two years. We lost a shitload of our depth/23-26 year olds.
Kochey
Yeah because he has a duty of care to the other a player. A good comparison would be a dangerous tackle. If you tackle in a way that is enough to cause medium impact to the head then you're in trouble. If you bump in a way that is enough to cause medium impact to the head, you're in trouble.
It was considered careless not intentional so yeah that has already been included in this judgement. Careless, high with medium impact.
I know the justification for that decision was totally fucked, but I do think we have the in the back rule for a reason. If you go in the back and concuss someone as a result it does seem somewhat fair to me to get reported.
Hasnt this been debuncted already? Ablett, danger fyfe and dusty have all been suspended despite their brownlows
Gary got off from incidents where the ball was nearby. This was all Howards fault stupidly.
For anyone that didn't read the article, its 1.7 million over 4 years - or 425k a year. Not too outlandish at all if you want to pad the salary cap in the short term or you think he'll be worth more than that after a couple of years.
If longer/pierce go elsewhere or are delisted - since they're now behind Marshall, you're going to need some ruck depth.
How dare we not beat last years dominant minor premiers when they're using their depth players instead of their best 22! Would've been nice if we weren't injured too, but you know, clearly we should have won - after all you havent won any other games using your depth players have you? Alternatively of course everyone over reacted to port losing. How come freo doesn't cop shit for when you beat them with half your reserves team? Or Essendon when you were arguably worse off - having lost Nank as well. It's a Crazy concept but maybe last years minor premiers are still a solid team even without their best players and everyone is actually underrating them.
Going even with the team next to us on the ladder for 3 quarters before losing in the last, at their home ground is being inconsistent? As I said, we wasted the games against richmond and brisbane by kicking poorly at goal - but otherwise we were on top in those games. We won the inside 50, contested possession and clearance count in both those games. That's not inconsistent imo
Disagree on Gawn not being at his best - he's had a great year. There's a reason he's number one on the afl player ratings ahead of fyfe and grundy
His achilles is too much of an issue to not require an afl quality ruckman as backup, and he's repeatedly shown an inability to play as a forward. I think someone like GWS who is in flag contention is the only club that will want him.
Yeah but if you contrast it with expectations then we're doing better this year, kind of.
It wont be financially viable because of the stadium deals with the MCG. The MCC would stand to lose a massive massive part of what makes membership so enticing - guaranteed access to the grand final, and you can damn well bet they will recoup their losses. You would have a lot less money going into afl coffers if you're playing the biggest game of the year at a smaller stadium AND you're getting much worse stadium deals in response to the change.
While the MCC members seats might be jump the queue style memberships they also hold a massive power over the afl. They have the power of the stadium deals with the MCG tenants and if they lose the grand final then they'll renegotiate to 'recoup losses' and there'll be a lot less money coming in to those clubs and the afl overall. This move seems like it can only be made when the AFL has all clubs financially stable
Why isnt it still catch them all? Its just you cant transfer them all to every individual game. Catch them all is now based in Home rather than the main series
He's just saying all the information he has to say. They will be back later. No they won't be in this game. Simple PR of what they knew would be poorly received really
Whats to say there won't be a friend safari or island scan in this game? Couldnt there still be Pokemon catchable from outside the national dex.
They've stated its not just a straight transfer app, but we don't know yet what it is capable of.
Where would the AFL go? How would they move away? Build a new 100k stadium? How would any option possibly be better financially? No, the MCC hold a lot of power. Just ask any of the smaller melbourne clubs about how the owners of etihad reamed them in their stadium deal - the same thing can happen at the G.
You do realise that it's currently the money made by these high drawing Melbourne teams (Collingwood, hawthorn, Richmond etc) that is propping up the tiny interstate clubs? West coast is obviously the other financial giant, but the MCG clubs obviously provide a lot more than them. You seem to think money is not a problem, when it is and will be. Very few AFL clubs are truly profitable currently - that's why we have games being sold to China, Tasmania, ballarat etc. The clubs are trying to find additional revenue wherever they can and your attitude is "nah stuff the stadium deal, we're propping you up anyway"
It was from the famitsu interview with Masuda - I read about it [here](https://nintendosoup.com/pokemon-home-to-have-some-playable-features/) He says there will be some playable features but does not elaborate on what they are or how many.
Yeah Port losing too really helps the dockers, but it opens the door to a host of other clubs that would otherwise be out of reach of the 8.
Also a terrible write-up. He got traded because he showed something as a key forward, he was dreadful as a ruck. He shouldn't be challenging for the number 1 ruck spot, he's challenging for the backup ruck/forward ruck spot.
Have you come up against any Dracozolt? It seems the scarier option at the moment because it cant be paralyzed. I imagine with your gyarados centric offence it could be a big threat to you
I wont be able to do/help out much with ours this year - any other port supporters able to take it up?
I missed seeing your team, mind filling me in on Malamars role and how well it performed?
Just a heads up you said focus band rather than choice band early in your writeup which really threw me. Focus band sturdy would really be something!
You mean base 80 speed on milotic. 101 is final speed stat with 0 speed investment - making it much slower than most beat up strats.
I think you should have the life orb on something else - maybe togekiss. Life orb is best on things you'll dynamax because you still get the offensive boost (and only half damage taken). Reuniclus is likely to be focused however as its your own TR setter and hence unlikely to be dynamaxing.
Another option that is very uncommon these days is Roar/Whirlwind - these will activate before Trick Room due to priority rules.
&gt;But I will say this: none of those additions would hamper your enjoyment of SwSh in any way. So, like, why are you even arguing? Trying to force people to enjoy something they don't enjoy? How's that working out for you? I know this isn't the point, but for me as a VGC player those additions would absolutely change what I enjoy. Removal of the nat dex has been incredible for VGC, as has the removal of megas. This VGC is the best I've ever seen
To add to this - Weak Armor is a better ability now with the updated speed mechanics. For example Weak Armor + Weakness Policy can Provide +2 Spd, +2 Sp Atk, +2 Atk (-1 Def). As Polteageist and Cursola are ghost type they stand to gain the most from this as they are also weak to fling! Fling your favourite berry onto your ghost buddy and go to town with massive speed and offence!
[Winning team is available here](https://pokepast.es/c4de98ed69e379ff) [Rental Code](https://victoryroadvgc.com/wp-content/uploads/2020/01/Tutpup.jpeg) Thanks to Victory Road and Tutpup for sharing these here - https://victoryroadvgc.com/pokemon-sword-shield-rental-vgc-teams/
From the pokemon website: &gt; A new way to battle: Restricted Sparring The Isle of Armor will also introduce a way to challenge yourself to some new battles! With Restricted Sparring, you’ll be limited in what types of Pokémon you can use and forced to battle under set conditions! Give it a try, and give some of your Pokémon that are normally overlooked a chance to shine! So you won't be able to use your LVL 100 pokes to just steamroll.
&gt; They also gave another reason of competitive balance. To be frank, Game Freak aren't great at competitive balance, and should probably leave that to the fans - see; Mega Rayquaza, Dynamaxing, some of the most notorious bans in Smogon history. You're looking at balance for singles I assume? Because the officially supported VGC scene is incredibly well balanced at the moment and is getting wide praise from most people involved (myself included) as Dynamax works incredibly well in a doubles format. There's good evidence to say that despite their history they *did* focus on balance for once.
This is not at all the case - refer to this thread of people getting their Pokemon back after 3+ years. https://gamefaqs.gamespot.com/boards/210930-pokemon-ultra-sun/76139458?page=2
There are two parts to this DLC. Part One (Isle of Armour) comes out in June, Part two (Crown Tundra) comes out near the end of the year. The DLC is near identical regardless of which Sword/Shield version you have. The cost of the DLC is $30 and includes both Part One and Part Two.
I guess it should also come with 3DS graphics and no ability to be played on the TV then? You can't have it both ways. If its on the home console, it comes with the home console price.
Depends what you're interested in. Part one is the big one to me because its got the apricorn balls, new items, move tutors, GMax starters etc. For competitive VGC thats much bigger than some annoying legendaries.
Jesus, gotta hate this crowd
&gt; The ability to play it on the TV literally has nothing to do with the game Uhh, you realise they have to program that functionality? It doesn't just magically happen on its own, they need to make it work for both mobile and docked modes of the console. And that costs development time and money.
Uhh what? What trailer did you watch? [Incase you missed it, here's the list of features in the two different packs](https://swordshield.pokemon.com/en-au/expansionpass/features/) There is clearly more in the first part if you're not focused on Legendaries. &gt;will have more stupid easy battles I'm guessing you haven't seen this then?: &gt;A new way to battle: Restricted Sparring The Isle of Armor will also introduce a way to challenge yourself to some new battles! With Restricted Sparring, you’ll be limited in what types of Pokémon you can use and forced to battle under set conditions! Give it a try, and give some of your Pokémon that are normally overlooked a chance to shine!
This Crowd is ridiculous
Pretty disappointed in our Sydney crowd there. Very poor respect to the players.
&gt; You’re acting like that feature of docked mode is what caused the removal of Pokémon from the game or something No I'm not.. I'm acting like that being on a home console necessitates the price tag of $60 and comes with all the added features of being on that console, such as being able to play docked or in handheld mode. I'm saying there was never any chance it was going to be cheaper than $60. Im totally happy to accept that you wanted to have more pokemon, and that it would've been nice to have more consistent graphical upgrades (the game looks absolutely amazing in some areas, but some areas/things are a real let down) but I don't accept that this is something we should just expect. Particularly if you still expect the traditional release cycle. You say that 3DS games were able to give us "lots more content than Sword and Shield" but I don't think they really did at all. Sword and Shield have more cities, bigger cities, a longer storyline, a new Wild Area with free camera exploration and dynamic weather / pokemon spawns, shit tonnes more NPCs ([715](https://bulbapedia.bulbagarden.net/wiki/Galar) vs [392](https://bulbapedia.bulbagarden.net/wiki/Alola)), and more catchable pokemon (100 more than SM, 3 less than USUM - but 200 more to come with the equivalent DLC). In fact, outside of dexit is there any area SM is better than SwSh?
So if you're into supercoach not just afl fantasy then supercoachtalk, dr supercoach, and jock reynolds all provide great content. Oh and coachespanel.tv is one Ive just come across this year that seems pretty good so far. Fanfooty is an excellent resource too, as they provide live scores and info on games (including player roles). Supercoach insider and supercoach elites are a bit meh in my eyes, and the phantom is dreadful, as is anything in the herald sun by their regular writers.
I'd look at replacing Vikavolt personally. One pokemon that can fill much the same role for you (slow, special attacking offensive threat that gets Thunderbolt/energyball) would be Drampa who also happens to get cloud 9 to shut out the weather. Drampa also resists Fire allowing it to survive eruption/heatwaves. Something else that stands out about your team though to me is that you have no life orb user. Life orb is the best damage boosting item for a dynamaxing pokemon and is best on your biggest offensive threat that isn't running weakness policy. If you were to run Drampa offensively I'd recommend you consider a life orb on it. For example, LO Drampa will OHKO charizard un-dynamaxed with Draco / Thunderbolt and will 2HKO it if they dynamax. You may want to dynamax Drampa yourself though as a Solar Power + Life Orb Max Airstream will KO without if Drampa does not dynamax. Also I don't know if you just forgot here, but your Gastrodon has no item. Rindo berry is popular, but you could also run a sitrus as they're super good right now.
It doesn't clear the weather, it negates the effects. As in nobody takes sand damage, excadrill with sand rush is still at normal speed and moonlight etc heal for 50%. Same applies to all weather conditions.
Looks like a good team, but I can see Solar Power Charizard absolutely tearing you a new one.
I genuinely think West Coast could drop off a lot - mainly because their fixture is brutal this year, but also because they weren't *that* great last year as indicated by having the third lowest percentage in the top 8.
Why do you call this a gimmick team? Seems a very slight spin on the standard gmax snorlax team. Anyways seems solud, lots of threats and support at the same time.
Sydney weren't going to let papley go unless they got daniher. So if you guys agree to pick 9 for example, it all flows through.
I reckon you're more likely to go full Melbourne personally. The amount of off-season injuries you're dealing with is very Melbourne 2019. Add to that your coach effectively having already been sacked but having one year to go means that there won't be any heartfelt 'do it for woosha' moments there might be otherwise.
Yeah but heaps on modified training and over 10 players had surgery in the off season. First week for Heppell to do any running on the field. Merrett splitting time between the main group and the rehab group. Zaharakis "a little way off". Draper and Stewart a long way off. It's all in [this](https://www.afl.com.au/news/366212/new-bomber-goes-down-in-training-drill-carried-from-the-track) article and [this] (https://www.afl.com.au/video/366257/stars-return-but-can-dons-recover-from-injury-cursed-pre-season?videoId=366257&amp;modal=true&amp;type=video&amp;publishFrom=1579148913001) video outlines all the preseason injury struggles. Hurley, Smith, Fantasia, Shiel all missed preseason sessions pre-christmas whilst recovering from injuries too. That's a long list of best 22 players not getting a full preseason.
Remember this is written by ESPN's draft specialist. He probably saw more of Rowell in 2019 than any other player mentioned. I heavily object to the selection of lukosius forward too, he was shit up forward.
Cause then it's not it's not it's own thing - its just New Years day
Dont forget speed swap on Galvantula and Escavalier now getting access to Razor Shell and hence the ability to set up Rain with Max Geyser to cover that fire weakness.
Its not what the AFL tries, its about who comes along and offers up the money for it. This game happens because of a big chinese sponsor to Port and a big chinese tv deal. Not some expansion plan by the afl.
Sure we can have absolutely no other sources of revenue other than our corner of the SA market, but it's not a very competitive business model. The AFL told us to explore other revenue streams, so we did. We now have the China initiative.
Unless list sizes actually have a significant impact on contracts etc, we will 100% try to re-sign him. The only issue is if he wants to leave but I struggle to see that given his good relationship with guys like Boak and how hard he has worked at the club.
Butters 100%. Was amazed he played as many games as he did with his slight frame last year and now that he has some muscle and running power in his legs he's capable of stepping it up another level completely. Another one I think is McKenzie - ever since he bulked up and became more of a big bodied defender he's looked like a genuine AFL player. He's not just a big kick anymore.
I think they're only bound to do interviews with the official broadcasters right? So it'd mean no radio interviews, print interviews or interviews that aren't gameday / club press conferences.
Who is he better than though that was named? He had a good year but I don't think he was better than anyone in that team. Houli?
The website specifically shows that move tutor is included in the Amor Isle but not Crown Tundra. So yeah new moves.
&gt; If a new team came into the competition in 50 years time and was already know as the ‘Power’ Port supporters would be cracking the shits and wouldn’t allow it. There's no argument for us to be the Magpies though. We just want the rights to wear a heritage jumper. I see no reason why we shouldn't be allowed to wear a heritage jumper once a year.
We also have an agreement made in 2007 that we would get to wear the Guernsey in every Heritage round. The AFL killed off heritage round though and we didn't get a replacement round to wear the guernsey.
So that everyone is clear on this, Port want to be able to wear the Prison Bars every year in Showdowns and only in showdowns. We also have an agreement made in 2007 with Collingwood that we'd be allowed to wear the Prison Bars in every heritage round from that point onwards. Since heritage round got scrapped we've been left high and dry with no time to wear our heritage jumper. Showdowns are the obvious replacement as a significant game that will never ever involve Collingwood.
One more thing, the most obvious difference in my mind is the change in 2005 to only allow 30s for set shots. You cant take your time any more like Lloyd used to, and there's added psychological pressure of seeing the clock tick down or being rushed by the umpire.
Is this really Hubs? This is a FIFO exemption to allow clubs to play during their quarantine period. If they don't have to wait out the 2 weeks quarantine it's not really a hub I wouldn't have thought.
It wouldn't be a full lockdown, it'd be targeted lockdowns on outbreak areas. That's going to be almost unavoidable when we open up international borders unless someone comes up with a vaccine soon, so it's something we should be planning for regardless I would've thought.
&gt; (except where exceptions are provided, and these are individually assessed). Isn't this the point? How many organisations have come up with as comprehensive a covid response plan as the AFL? The question shouldn't just be how essential the worker is, but how effectively they're managing the situation and it's hard to say the AFL could do any more to prevent outbreaks within the AFL system.
3 games yeah? So i guess it is hubs, just short ones
Wait 3 teams flying in? How would that work if the teams flying in need to play eachother? Staggered entry?
When you say individually assessed, that can mean of the individuals, or the individual organisation (I believe the wording used in the legislation is "category of person"). So yes I am saying that the AFL make an application for their categories of persons (e.g. AFL Player, AFL staff member etc.) to get exemptions to travel. Each would be subject to very specific conditions of travel including the covid management plan the AFL has set up and would place different restrictions on each of the different categories of workers. Obviously this is at WA's discretion, but I do not believe there is a more extensive plan to control their employee's exposure to Covid-19 than what the AFL have come up with. On this grounds I believe they should qualify for an exemption.
Not the point I was trying to make but you're right I didn't really get it initially. I was thinking teams would fly in, play both teams, fly out - which has been given other names in the AFL media of late rather than a hub. I think from my understanding now that they need to have some complex arrangement so that teams that fly in can play eachother, and cycle through new teams flying in so as to avoid there needing to be a bye? Maybe you can explain it better than me
Oh okay, so they plan to just do a huge block of games with all the WA teams home games at once? Yeah that could work.. But then what, WA teams go back to Hubbing it over in the east to play the rest of the games? Hope that the WA government has eased restrictions by then? I can see now how the logistics of 4/6 teams could work, you have a derby and internal games then cycle through the WA teams playing 2 of the interstate teams for a few rounds while the others play amongst themselves.
&gt; their Coach saying that Goodes should ‘ignore the booing, don’t give it oxygen’ Not to defend the inexcuseable, but I thought he said the media should ignore the booing, not give it oxygen?
Thanks, I'll file you under down to earth analysis
No worries mate, I've been practicing with a cinderace team but have found I needed to work on my counters to it too. Playing around Neutralizing Gas with your own Cinderace is really challenging but incredibly powerful. Can do some cool shit with that.
Just gone down the rabbit hole on this twitter thread and just want to suggest that everyone take some of this with a grain of salt. (I do not wish to discredit the allegation that The Project undermined Lumumba though as there is plenty of evidence still) The claim that the AFL lied about a meeting with Lumumba is based entirely on a report made by the Herald Sun and Fox Sports and doesn't seem to corroborate the claim the AFL lied. The quotes used from Gil: &gt; That’s why we’ve got Tania Hosch, amongst others, around my management team. We learn from her on a lot of issues. &gt; “With respect to Collingwood – I know Tania has met with Héritier – this issue is really about where he’s at and his state of mind and his welfare.” He makes no mention that a formal meeting was set up and since Tania did meet with Heritier, no matter how fleeting, there was no lie from the AFL. There is also no evidence of the claim that Collingwood had spoken with Aly or the timing of such conversations, and given that Collingwood had not spoken publicly about the situation at that time, you can hardly criticise the Project for acknowledging they were only able to tell one side of the story.
He used to be brilliant as a third man up. Those were the days
Really? God dammit.
He may be required to be isolated from the rest of the competition now though. This is as dumb as it gets but there is a real possibility he wont be playing this week now.
Key has to be that they're not afraid of turnovers right? The first thing Richmond got right was their defence and that's what's allowed them to become so dominant. Their defence is that strong they can have someone like dusty be all focused on getting the ball forward and scoring with no concern for what might happen if they lose possession.
Flying to Perth and playing the same day would be hell. Even the Sydney trip for a day game is bad enough - I feel for North this week. Won't be easy.
I was wondering if you think he got dropped last year was my point. Cause that was something that got reported on that just wasn't accurate
I mean it's not really that necessary any more now that it's just 1 game a week...
I mean yes, but it didnt make it good. I can excuse the play quite reasonably, but the quality was definitely down.
Could not disagree more. You going to start policing the calls during play? Touched balls off the boot, prior opportunity, if they had control of the ball for a mark, if the balls gone 15m? It's not feasible to get rid of that level of uncertainty. That's why we have umpires who are responsible for making those decisions. When you have uncertainty in the system such as the review system you need to have a fall back. That will always be umpires, and you are always going to need to have some level of faith in the umpires doing their job. I'd prefer we trusted them more, not less and actually let them do their job.
I'm not sure it's a PR thing. I was happy with Buckley's comments last night that amounted to "We weren't very good then, but we've improved a lot and we'd love it if H could see what he inspired us to change". It feels like whoever has made the last comment is coming out ahead here, so it's hard to know how to feel.
&gt; Lumumba hasn’t asked for much except just public clarification that he was gaslighted, shunned and left unsupported There's a dangerous situation here though. As a club you can't be meeting the demands of former players to resolve PR issues if you don't believe they're true. There's a risk you end up with blokes like Daniel Gorringe defaming the club or demanding an apology for how they were treated at the club when it's not accurate. The key thing for Collingwood is to react appropriately, demonstrate where they have improved, what they identified as the problems and how they dealt with them and apologize to Lumumba for the treatment he received. Making specific apologies or admissions on gaslighting, etc is not going to pass though.
What are the subreddit rules on low effort memes? Prefer it if this sub was still true to vgc not just vgc memes.
Wanna see Rozee pick up where he left off. Dominant in the midfield with the class to create scores
Sure is
Not really a problem for us tbh. He's never been a huge goal kicker for us, his role recently has been all about making sure opposition defenders dont have intercept marks. That game against GWS last year was a harsh reminder of why we need him so badly. Nobody else crashes a pack and can stop a davis type from intercepting
Top of ladder for another week? Could get used to that
Would be great if you could indicate the result for each of them, like you have for when you've kicked the first. Great graph though, shows the real struggles you have getting going at the start of games.
No, thats the problem. It wasnt illegal if you didnt pin both arms or injure the player. It will be from now on though.
Don't think it's got anything much to do with the person adjudicating though, at least not here. This is very much a case that by the rulebook he's in the clear. Lets be clear, this is a good change. The AFL has seen a hole in their guidelines that needs to be plugged and have acted immediately.
Couldn't agree less. Moving to one person makes it much clearer what the rules say and when there's problems with the rulebook (such as here). I dont want suspendable offences to depend on who gets their way in a panel discussion. Consistency means 1 interpretation of the rules and if that results in wrong outcomes then they should rewrite the rules.
I know a lot of people aren't taking this suggestion seriously, but it was mentioned by Hardwick in his presser as an offhand comment that Adelaide Oval DO use a dew suppressant on the ground (and confirmed by Caro on Footy Classified). The MCG do not use the same stuff and there may be some argument to be made that they should be.
I assume your trade-ins, rather than draftees. Your draftees have been good, but there has to be questions on whether keath / bruce were what you needed.
So what you're saying is they need a world class dew draining system too?
Imo the afl should be able to change the conditions of a game all they want midseason, but not the rules. So no to changing the qtr length.
Yeah I get that, if you change the ruling of what constitutes a suspendable offence at all then it will feel unfair for anyone that got off under an old ruling. That's applicable to any case for years past or changes of the match review / tribunal system. Correct me if I'm wrong but the prevailing view is that the unfairness is that Burgoyne gets to play this week - he/anyone else should and will in future be suspended for what he did. But I can't see how you can give a warranted penalty not in the rulebook - that would be the whole system back to front. That means the rulebook needs to be changed so that it does result in a suspension for all cases from here on. All I'm saying is if it doesn't change the rules on gameday then it should be allowed to be changed mid season, otherwise no. I see it as similar to a policy on whether the Marvel stadium roof is closed or open. It's probably unfair if one team plays most of their games under a roof but I think the AFL should be allowed to change that as they see fit because it's conditions of play not the rules of the game itself.
I feel it would be directly affect gameplay, but that's probably a fair call. It's definitely on the significant side of a condition of play if that's how we judge it which is the basis for how my thought process is working.
Didn't your backline work against Brisbane just fine? They're not exactly a tall forward line either
The problem with that argument is Port fans aren't in agreement on wanting it to be the normal jumper. We're basically all happy to honour it regularly for the heritage, but a lot of us (myself included) would hate for it to be our main jumper. The teal is key to our identity in the AFL now and needs to be a regular part of our branding. Additionally our current home jumper is brilliant and we should be wearing it outside of special occasions.
Just so you and others are aware, this is not the real letter but a reproduction used for a history book (I think, memory is hazy on which book it was - someone please correct me if they know the answer). The contents of the letter are word for word accurate as far as I am aware though.
Smith atones for the fumble on the goal line. Great kick
Careful, don't jinx it. He's only been named so far.
Trust in Ceglar, ruckman of the century
You mean excluding that one where McEvoy took an intercept mark against him?
They surely would've won that prelim last year if Hawkins hadn't got suspended. Had the tigers on the ropes for the whole first half.
I mean he did credit his teammates for letting him play that style in his Brownlow winning speech, so there's clearly some credit to it. The thing is if its a coaching move to let the best player in the game be offensively focuses and let his teammates cover defence, thats not necessarily a bad thing.
Ripper debate between you and /u/snarwib. Enjoyed reading that.
Point is it wasnt a voluntary move - they were kicked off the GC due to the comm games. We've been kicked out due to covid restrictions - surely you see the similarity there?
Gold coast got kicked out of their home ground due to the Commonwealth games. Not due to some financial decision. That's why its comparable. In both instances the club were kicked out of their homes to play 'home' games elsewhere.
And they did... But the point stands that being kicked out of your home ground for a short period is not what makes this season 'tainted'. Blame the lay off, blame the shorter season, blame the shorter quarters - hell there's a shit load of better excuses than "we had to travel away from home for an extended period of time". That's a welfare concern, but it doesn't ruin the season.
&gt; Easily, the AFLPA complained about player isolation from families and a AFL wide hub was canned! WA and SA teams had to volunteer What? Seriously where did you get this volunteer thing? It was pretty clear that it couldn't be in SA or WA without an extra 2 weeks quarantine. That means those clubs HAD to be in a hub. No volunteering or anything, just literally no choice. &gt;They weren't kicked out, stopped being disingenuous about it. The Commonwealth games are scheduled 6 to 8 years in advance. Being scheduled in advance does not mean they weren't kicked out? I don't understand what you're getting at here. * Their home ground was made unavailable due to a government decision. * WA team's home grounds are made unavailable due to a government decision. Do you see the similarity there?
Thanks for doing all this work. One question I still have though - is the Dynamax move it turns into Special, Physical or change by the same rules?
That's awesome, thanks for doing this research!
Are we blaming the Vics or the UK/ireland for this? Im confused given it's McKenna and he only just returned from overseas
Depends if he caught it overseas or in Vic. If it was transmitted overseas then you can still say the AFLs measures are working. If its local then yeah, their systems have failed and likely have to relocate.
Yep, just confirmed by Gil. Good call. Well that's not a good sign. System aint reliable or he was flouting restrictions
But they're playing another Hub team?
How is that a lie if the Medical advice was that it's safe in Victoria? If the medical advice was that it's safe wherever you play with certain restrictions then of course the economics comes into it. You don't just ignore the economic side completely.
&gt; Does the whole Essendon family have to self isolate. Only until they test negative. Round 4 matches are still expected to go ahead next week. &gt; And what about their opponent last week Sydney and Sydney’s opponent this week North. No, because we know McKenna tested negative on Wednesday so could not have been contagious before the game against Sydney.
&gt; He's 24 years old and in the media landscape, this is the story that defines his career to date. I think that's really sad. Better for him than forever being 'bitey'
Which we all agree is bogus and should not be the case.
They're both part of the exclusive 'biters' club. Very few many have managed to get suspended for it, so he's in prestigious company there!
Ya know, you're not wrong
There's apparently only 6 players considered close contacts at this stage. The afl has also confirmed games will go ahead as long as Essendon have 22 available players
Ben king Coleman?
Yeah I'd be interested in how they dont think that's a problem. Just know the players named to need 14 day isolation so far are all from the gym session
Butters adds things nobody else can. love his ball use
Makes you wonder what would happen though if a team all came down with gastro right before a game? I cant see the AFL cancelling it in that scenario so can understand if its just 1 week that they might force you to play.
Surely you needed to make a stand then when the new regulations/rules were announced not just now you're the effected club? If your club ceo/pres didn't speak up then I dont think you've a leg to stand on
Really satisfying win. Doing what we should be to teams that are younger / less experienced than us. Wasn't a pretty win but there weren't any times I felt like we weren't putting on enough pressure or letting the Dockers get free - tended to be the result of good play from them (mainly Fyfe/Walters).
Yeah maybe, I'm not sure just yet. We had Houston in their last week and replaced him with Wines - definite upgrade. The real issue is just the Wines and Rocky dont play any other roles well.
Cal Twomey is on the level of Emma Quayle. Absolutely top notch.
At least 3 weeks. Scan isn't back yet.
Do you ever talk about anything other than vicbias?
I don't think the SA clubs have been impacted by the hubs at all yet. It was basically one away game so far. Freo has also done pretty reasonably given their results compared to expected result, West Coast is the only outlier that has clearly underperformed.
Great result for the bombers, competition and the restrictions imposed. This was a test case for how well the AFL implemented systems are at preventing spread within clubs and it seems they've passed the first hurdle.
So does this pave the way for a hub in SA, one in WA and one on the gold coast?
Accidentally started a qtr on the bench?
The contrast of two teams playing whilst in quarantine in front of a packed stadium will be something else. Really confusing how the government is fine with that but I aint complaining!
False negative, poorly conducted test or it's progressed from his throat and is no longer there. Would need a different type of test if that's the case
Yeah you're right, I shouldn't comment on second hand doctor info.
Absolutely, but it's simply because now they're not based on recent media appearances by assistant coaches etc like they used to be. For example for the Port one, I know that Voss went on radio talking about Farrell as a possible replacement and Ebert in his press conference talked up Mayes, Watts and Lienert. No mention of Georgiades.
Probably Buddy on his massive back ended deal reportedly earning him 1.4m this year. Fyfe and Dusty are both on $1m+ and would be the only other players in the mix I think outside of heavily front/back ended deals to someone like Jeremy Cameron/McGovern, Josh Kelly or Patrick Cripps.
Hey mate, heads up that Fremantle aren't actually bottom of the ladder - that honour is reserved for the mighty Adelaide Crows.
Right right. I'm not aware on the specifics of those guys, just know they've been mentioned in that bracket in reports before. Anyone in that bracket could be near the top if any single year is particularly loaded but sounds like it's not the case for Cripps.
How have you restructured training to meet with the restrictions? How much do you know about what is going on at other clubs outside of yours? Are there any players who failed to meet their training programs in the break before resumption of training?
Cheers for responding. Good luck in the bubble
They had no option though, because Port had already played GC. That was the real spanner in the works. Means you've got one club that needs to be in the Hub that has also already played one of the Hub teams. So its required to have 1 club from outside play a team in the hub, and one 1 clubs from inside the hub play a team outside the hub. The lucky losers were Richmond travelling to the hub, and GC travelling out of the hub.
Well given there aren't two grounds in WA or SA to be playing games at it sounds preferable to being stuck in the covid capital of Australia
He got dropped..
They need to be set up for AFL games and broadcasts. That's a much bigger challenge than just using random wafl / sanfl grounds.
Ahh yes because the cricket uses the same broadcast setup and cameras as footy
Im not saying it's unviable, just expensive. The preseason games dont use the same number of cameras generally and have a worse quality viewing experience as the regular use grounds - same as the nt grounds. So its definitely viable, I just dont think its a good option because its expensive and would require a lot of set up (that currently doesn't exist for afl) for a worse viewing experience.
If i had to guess it's probably because the state government won't allow players from Vic to come in and play?
Nah, people are FIFO for a like 1 day are much lower risk than people who are living full time in covid central.
There was no false positive. They confirmed the original positive tests.
They also retested the two positive tests which were confirmed positive. He's barely had it, but he did have it.
Probably means he had a really mild case and the tests weren't sensitive enough to pick it up except at it's peak. Would also explain why they aren't too worried about other players needing to quarantine as he wouldn't be very infectious if he had such a low load of the virus.
Well it means you'd need to have about 4 false positives right? First irregularity, second positive, retest of first test, retest of second test. Pretty low odds on that I'd think
I for one encourage this style of change of heart. Any pressure on the media to stop being spouting baseless rumours is good pressure if you ask me.
It's basically a standard whistleblower case yeah? Whistleblower calls out someone high up in the organisation and gets punished internally for it, despite the higher up doing the wrong thing.
The real question is what guernsey will we wear for this? The Wharf Pylons (prison bars) to unite from our two origins?
Think everyone on here (and all social media) is getting a bit polarized on this topic. There's almost always a grey area to these issues - e.g. Buckley could have been unaware of the nickname but still failed in his role as coach to support his player. Hell he might have actively avoided hearing things like that nickname around the club - like what Ross says here, that coaches try not to be involved in locker room talk. There's still a failure of leadership of course but would mean that Buckley is not being untruthful with what he has said publicly. Just get an independent body in and let them make the judgement on where in the grey area this falls.
Not sure you're entirely right with all of that btw, the Port Adelaide stuff for example, we're the same club just with a different mascot. We're just the Port Adelaide Football Club, the mascot doesn't really matter. We moved from the SANFL into the AFL but couldn't be the Magpies anymore due to collingwood - still the same club though. It'd be the same as if Richmond were forced to not be the tigers in the VFL because of another club already being the tigers in that competition.
Key quotes from the article: &gt; The League's chief executive said he expected McKenna and teammate James Stewart – who was deemed a close contact of the Irishman last week at training – to be forced to complete their full 14-day isolation periods despite the subsequent negative readings. &gt; To say it can't happen or it didn't happen or he wasn't… he was positive. &gt; "And then he's had some serology for bloods done since, and he has antibodies. I know I'm probably giving a lot of detail there, but I think it's important to straighten this up."
Great article, but hate to see articles open with factual inaccuracy. Gold coast didnt win their first wooden spoon last year - they won their first in 2011 in their inaugural season.
Had a few injuries since he's been at Port but completely reinvented himself last year when he turned into a third tall rather than a flanker.
That was fucking brilliant kick inside 50. Butters intentionally took the body there and even better is that it seemed setup - marshall went straight to butters to credit him with setting up the mark
And yet the best composure
I guess that's true if you're not counting their first draft where they took swallow number 1?
Lol replay says he didnt even
Still undefeated at Metricon!
Shouldn't even have been capable of 50 since the ump had called play on?
Nah I'm wrong its one of the players saying that
I think you underestimate how much gold coast copped it. Remember the footage of your coach from last year laughing midgame while you dispatched them? These things sting.
I believe it's unconfirmed just yet, but it's almost certain to be permanent. If it's not its because there will be a slight change at the end of this year (e.g. removal of the 1870) similar to what Collingwood did with their anniversary logo.
This is actually one of the few times i agree with the outcome coming into it. It's so impossible to actually tell how much force these guys put into the swinging arm just from footage alone. The fact that he was able to break/crack a rib and cause serious damage suggests that he overdid it.
Was in the act of play so couldn't have been. Intentional doesn't mean intentional the way a layperson uses it, it effectively means "there is no way this could have been an acceptable act on field". In other words every player gets benefit of the doubt with a careless judgement if its possible they were attempting a legal action. In this case that's possible with the ball in the area so it's careless.
Dont forget the other frustrating one we see a lot: A drops the ball as tackled and then gets a free kick for holding the man because it takes longer for them to go to ground.
I think that whole players would prefer to be second to the ball is a real myth that's sprung up. It ignores the value of getting first hands on the ball and having control of it. Like i understand the theory but ive never seen any scenario where some one is better off being purely reactive rather than proactive when the ball is there to be won.
Gil: ["I haven't spoken to Clarko"](https://www.facebook.com/10NewsQLD/videos/vb.117386068281442/2782474822038326/?type=2&amp;theater) /u/LarryBurnsJnr : "He said... he's spoken to Clarko about it" Yeah.. Nah.
All good mate, just was surprised to see your comment after listening to the press conference myself!
Not any tackle though, only one that stops them disposing of the ball correctly. What we'd see is a lot more players in the mold of Josh P Kennedy, Lachie Neale and Matt Rowell who can step through tackles and still get an effective handball out than we do currently. We'd see players want to hold onto the ball as opposed to what happens at the moment where they are perfectly happy to let it spill out as soon as they get tackled. Are you seriously going to wait for Lachie Neale to pick up the ball and then try to tackle him rather than taking possession yourself? I understand the theory behind everyone saying this but I think it's very much a skill you can teach - just as players have learned to let the ball spill free when they feel contact.
Oh definitely agree with that. Maybe i misinterpreted the original discussion, just think it's something that can definitely be coached against too.
Each re-fixture gets progressively more complicated as more restrictions are applied. For example, if Connor McKenna tests positive in round 17 there's no option for the Bombers to play anyone else.
Kind of justifies Clarko's point though right? If they had 64 tackles for 0 HTB, and the average is 14.6 per HTB, then it was adjudicated differently than the rest of the year.
Sounds like good news from NSW though, maintaining their approach with footy codes allowed to play there as long as they follow their covid plan.
Yeah okay, saw his twitter bio but wasn't sure how long he'd been out of the system. Guess it makes sense he'd still have connections. Pity, would be great to have access to those stats!
We had the same concerns raised though prior to the qld hub. Schofield was one who wasnt expected to make it I remember and they had to set him up with extra shit so that he could keep managing his businesses from qld. I dont see this as any different. He's flagged concerns which needs to be worked through for specific players.
Poor ol' Perryman gets excluded despite being closest for the year so far with 2.2/17
I kind of want to see how it plays out first, but I will say it's going to be very strange as a viewer to have less information than the players. I recognise this was often the case for previous events given that friends would pass on information, (which I think is kind of stupid and ruins it anyway if that's able to happen) but this is now on a completely different level. The one thing I think I do like about this is that it forces teams to be more dynamic and have more than one mode of play. If you're too predictable from teamsheet then you're going to have a bad time. This along with how Dynamax works and it's key difference from Megas/Z crystals of being used on any pokemon anytime shows that TPC really wants a diversified play style.
I don't really understand these comments, literally nothing has changed/new
Ahh yeah, it got reported on recently - it's what facilitated the WA hub coming back into consideration. Understate the posting if you weren't on top of that though - probably worth posting anyway I'm just surprised McGowan bothered to put it out now.
