OK, you obviously had the copypasta ready to go, now which of these provides evidence that "the endocannabinoid system is more internally connected to our biological beings than anything else" and that the "naturalness" of it has anything to do with the efficacy?
the majority of people did not vote for anyone promising a wall.
Here's the whole shebang: https://archive.org/details/Nintendo_Players_Guide_GB_Legend_of_Zelda_The_Links_Awakening
also it was all over the interwebs like... [10 years ago](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Little_Superstar)
I was born way before 1995 and I doubt I could write anything in cursive anymore
I believe it is ¥400. The view from there is pretty neat: https://www.flickr.com/photos/spilk/45542615944/in/album-72157674400920317/lightbox/
pretty sure seeing how most of these boards have QZERTY layouts that OP is not in the USA. Most likely Italy.
it's leftover stock of the 21co potato miner
I'm going to start an MLM where you sell shitty box wine to members of other MLMs
That may be the case in dual-layer DVDs but I'm fairly sure all gamecube discs are single-layer
Can Super NT apply translation patches to physical carts? I'm not sure why you'd replace an English RPG with a Japanese version unless you can read/understand Japanese
"WHATS UP GUYS"
I mean if you can't even figure out how to untar the distribution I'm not sure how you can really blame ISE for this. There is no other software unless you are using newer devices (Vivado).
so many people are inexplicably proud that they are pieces of human garbage.
that sounds like a distinct negative to me.
poor child has to grow up in a family that records video vertically
the one thing he could actually do to "make america great again"
I think maybe you misunderstood who is the garbage in this scenario.
or really just all people who are purposely wasteful/selfish and announce how proud they are of it. For an example other than "haha meat rules" people I'm in some offroad/4x4 groups and the number of people who proudly announce how fuel-inefficient their vehicles are with license plates/stickers like "MPG LOL" are just terrible people.
nah they just needed 20 good games and dualshock controllers. and a power adapter
I thought he had a terrible skin condition but I guess those are just tattoos
there is no place for religion at Christmas, sheesh.
Is he doing it on purpose so his friends can gobble up equities at a discount?
like lipstick and eyeliner?
I would have imagined the prices on those two items to be opposite. Thrift stores here are just flooded with $5-10 cd changers
why would anyone watch a stream of someone talking to their mom about christmas travel plans
you are about as coherent as the actual kanye west.
which terrible fake crap are you talking about exactly?
They usually have at least one retro Nintendo shirt in the rotation, they had some Super Mario World shirts a little while back, and I think they had an N64 logo shirt for a while.
filthy American here, pretty much the only place that does the cart deposit in this country is Aldi and when I used to shop there, there was ALWAYS a homeless person stalking around trying to return carts for you to get the $0.25 deposit back.
I've got two of them. One I bought back in... 2003-2004 or so when they were selling the Metroid Prime bundle for $99.99 https://i.imgur.com/Srjm2k5.jpg
just looking at the screenshots it reminds me of Front Mission, is it like that?
&gt; We had the once-in-a-lifetime opportunity to digitize the game Pretty sure the game was already digital.
So close to self-awareness. Yes, Donald, what is happening is a disgrace. Your whole administration is a disgrace.
No, i’m referring to the fact that games are stored digitally in the first place, there is no digitization to do here. They copied EPROMs which is a digital-to-digital process. You can digitize a printed book or a photograph but you can’t “digitize” something that is already stored as 1’s and 0’s
What you need is a 13" macbook pro. Way more portable than the 15" imho.
supercaps are not immune to leaking either. see: original xbox
Why the hell not? It's so confusing to me that people want to own things they can't even use.
No analog -&gt; digital process (digitization) took place in the process of copying the cartridge to a ROM file. This would be like if I copied a file from one flash drive to another. Is that also digitization? The author should have used a more appropriate word such as "archive", "preserve", "duplicate", "copy", "dump", "backup", etc.
I'm not sure! I think maybe people don't know that "digitize" has a specific meaning.
if you mean the one at the top of the invoice, it's Apple Garamond.
shots of own child with selective color
Actual facts: https://www.gunviolencearchive.org/reports/mass-shooting
the difference in propagation speed of radio vs. copper wire is so insignificant when talking about input lag. It's on the order of nanoseconds for the distances we're talking.
sure, you’d have to hang it off the SPI or I2C bus which will use up a lot (all of?) of your I/O lines though, that is only an 8-pin part.
they look like they were fried for too long in oil that wasn't hot enough
i smell bullshit
I'm pretty sure the origin of the "scanline fetish" started from 240p arcade monitors, not so much from home consoles with consumer TV sets because as you pointed out, almost no one would have had the equipment to make them visible at home.
i don't think there is a kanji for broccoli
i stand corrected! Now I know what to get a tattoo of...
now we're going to see resort fees and occupancy taxes and whatnot tacked on to hide the true costs
Randy Savages, maybe
so was this actually chicken-flavored, or just an odd branding? It looks like a chicken-flavored Snickers looks like it was not chicken flavored, thankfully: http://mentalfloss.com/article/70510/clucking-sweet-history-candy-bar-called-chicken-dinner
annoying voice, stupid faces in the thumbnails for his videos, clickbait titles, and his videos are basically just ads/heavily sponsored content. Basically, YouTube cancer.
Of course since the standard deduction nearly doubled for 2018 far fewer people are going to be able to itemize
Once you've isolated the frequency ranges, you could just record raw I/Q from the dongle(s) and then isolate the channels later, eliminating the need for a full rig during the performance
even if they were the same price the lab diamond would be the more ethical choice
break into smaller pieces with your poop knife
the people who say this are the same people who wish America was all white, except for maybe for some brown people to pick cotton or something. They see Sweden as like an Aryan paradise that is being quickly corrupted. Most people in America are not like this, they are just a particularly loud, annoying subset.
he drained it alright... and pumped in a bunch of toxic sludge to fill it back up
NASA is notorious for using both metric and imperial units... if you look at old transcripts of the Apollo missions you can see them passing around figures in pounds, feet per second, nautical miles etc: https://history.nasa.gov/afj/ap11fj/03tde.html
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=j18e_ID-DpA
sounds kinda like a manga kissa only for people who arent otaku
the dogs look better without clipped ears anyways, so stupid that people do it
The bank can also require you to pay for an appraisal before removing the PMI ahead of schedule.
if you spend enough time on the john to read mortgage documents you need to eat more fiber.
or a Tenenbaum.
I'd rather take the enjoyment of opening it myself rather than let someone else. Sealed games are the saddest thing ever. Well, I guess people who collect sealed games and never open them are slightly sadder. What a waste!
is it unexpected when it happens on every single thread mentioning vegas or the mojave desert?
Absolutely serious. Shrinkwrap is not sacred. All shrinkwrap does is preserve prices for collectors, which I care nothing about. Disc games will rot eventually, and cartridge games with batteries in them are likely to corrode, so IMHO leaving such things sealed is actually worse for preservation.
Not to jump to conclusions, but she looks like the dude from Office Space who turned all bright and cheery after getting in a terrible accident
too real
i think it does count, he zooms into photos to reveal sharp details that are way beyond the capability of actual film, especially a grainy polaroid. You can handwave this by saying the future film is better or something, I guess.
may the powers of /r/buttcoin and /r/antiMLM unite!
but mah ~~stock buyback~~trickle down
seems odd that they wouldn't reimburse such expenses
who is left to explain it to him? I thought that was Kelly's job
I only like to watch ads from other countries for products not available here. good times
Luckily the .jp Super Metroid is the exact same ROM as the USA version and the language is switchable in-game. The other games, not so much...
&gt; the mecha of gaming purchases well you can certainly buy mecha games there, but I think you mean "mecca"
What I was saying is that it's weird to me that a company wouldn't reimburse those types of expenses for their employees which would eliminate the concern about deducting them. I guess the person I replied to may have been an independent contractor/sole proprietor though.
and you have the three best games on the system right on top, good job.
how did your assailant know your name to file charges?
I'm a little shaky but my translation would be: Don't touch the cat and don't sit in his chair.
/r/killthecameraman
a Roth IRA is a type of account. within the account you can buy whatever sort of securities you want - individual stocks, bonds, mutual funds, ETFs, etc.
no, they [taste like puke](https://www.elitedaily.com/news/hersheys-chocolate-chemical-in-vomit/1765784)
swastikas/manji go in either direction.
poop^3
I am also trying to figure that out.
Your formatting was also killing me, so I fixed it more: Japanese|English :--|:-- Konnichiwa|hello! Ohayou gozaimasu|good morning Konbanwa|good evening Sumimasen|excuse me (sorry) Hai|yes Daijoubu|that’s okay (no) Eego wakarimaska|do you understand English? Wakarimasen|I don’t understand \_\_\_\_ wa doko deska?|(Where is \_\_\_\_?) Eki|train station jiyuseki, 自由席|Non-reserved (For Trains) Toire|toilet (toilet with a Japanese accent) \_\_\_\_ arimaska?|(Do you have \_\_\_\_?) Ku-re-ji-to ka-a-do?|do you take credit cards? Osusume wa nan desu ka?|what do you recommend? Okanjyo onegaishimasu|the bill please itadakimasu|(literally 'I will receive' but closer to ‘bon appétit’ in meaning).
Tron, the beloved 1982 Disney movie?
Don't forget the [Bellamy Salute](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bellamy_salute)
a teenager with mspaint, I'm guessing.
still need to buy the $200 adapter to use it with VESA mounts.
did we just watch her have a stroke?
what about Virtual Boy?
hunter2
Ken is creepy as all get-out but that doesn't make Steven Avery any less guilty.
https://www.reddit.com/wiki/markdown
It's probably just money her poor spouse made legitimately that she took out of the ATM and then put next to the Younique card.
It's an transformer to convert between 300-ohm RF inputs on TV receivers and 75-ohm coaxial cable. It's a holdover from the days when antennas used to be wired with 300-ohm ladder line. When wiring started changing over to 75-ohm coaxial, these were needed to plug your new antenna into an old TV set.
I'm surprised they didn't call it MAGABUS
the point is that many cultures don't give a shit as long as you aren't actively making fun of it
Projecting your personal concept of what constitutes "cultural appropriation" on a billion people doesn't sound quite appropriate either.
I don't think you have any basis for making that assumption. I don't give a shit if Asian people want to have western-style weddings, for instance.
It's not controversial, I just don't see any evidence of it in the picture. I just see some white people wearing different clothes. Honestly it sounds like you are doing some gatekeeping of your own in this case.
If you want to make quantity 1 or 2, just buying the premade dough is significantly cheaper, especially when you factor in labor.
I'd hope for SNES games for Switch Online, with Super Metroid being a launch title.
yes, the one that [neonazis co-opted because the swastika one is banned in Germany](https://www.adl.org/education/references/hate-symbols/imperial-german-flag).
send it to the upper atmosphere with a weather balloon
because when you drop glass it turns into a thousand tiny razor blades where plastic retains its shape.
I'll be curious to see how to install homebrew since the oneliner they currently provide depends on the presence of a ruby runtime. I imagine they'll switch to a shellscript or something to grab the ruby runtime first.
Engineers with HorseCAD
then they have your address.
Sealed in the LD world isn't worth more imho, I'd rather buy a good condition copy that's been tested for rot
too bad it doesn't autocorrect 'cause' to 'because' for you either
Sinclair is a disease
hours of ads interspersed with people throwing/kicking/hitting balls/pucks/etc for a few minutes.
that's a lot of y'all
these two chumps can't even count to 10, of course they don't see the value in a logical uniform system of measurement
I went to school for math/science/engineering but pop me on a Blackjack table and I can't add to 21.
The truck could have and should have yielded to avoid a collision.
barf. do these even have real coffee in them?
ok, I'll pay at all the raustarants, you can pay at all the restaurants
cat's face: can you pls just kill me instead
they are so freaking good. Trader Joe's sells a bag of mini stroopwafels and I'll be damned if i can stop myself from eating the whole bag in one sitting.
/r/churning
They would probably need some sort of industry certification proving its effectiveness and safety, and it would probably have to be cheaper in volume than what they are currently using.
I'm guessing that went exactly like this: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QhW7rpFhr2k
how many BTC are lost, i.e. the private keys were chucked, formatted, lost to disk crashes, etc.?
they aren't particularly rare, but finding them complete with the receiver is becoming harder and harder. I see loose controllers in thriftstores a lot but they are kind of useless with the receiver.
the rules haven't stopped him from doing anything else
Donald Trump is dead!
I like how the weird dudes who are wearing the "shirt" are always pointing at it.
[Mom bods?](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2aVxNH6iN9I)
Sweet!
I love me a good spam musubi. or spam fried rice
Spirit is the only airline i’ve been on where the flight attendant had to yell at passengers for smuggling booze on board
Email is full of spam, Social Media is full of fake news... I'm not sure this is the analogy you want to draw
Oh man, I dunno how you live. My city is jam-packed with Hawaiian food everywhere (Las Vegas).
is there like a... glossary for all these two-letter abbreviations? I can't keep track.
is this where the word "literally" means literally the opposite of "literally"? There's circuit boards and wires inside there.
people who wear their hats backwards and wear a gold chain over a tshirt.
Good job, I paid $60 for that (but more complete) not too long ago
&gt; I also hit up my cousin and my former crush. visiting from Alabama?
I hadn't listened in probably a year and came back to it recently. I was wondering the same thing. She sounds like text-to-speech to me. Just now learning about all this drama too.
we only mine comedy futures, there are no tokens to trade
Haha he posted it over on the "real" bitcoin sub and they eviscerated him there too... https://www.reddit.com/r/Bitcoin/comments/bytwp2/annoucement_new_bitcoin_escrow_market/
also DDR mats and third-party PS2 controllers
maybe he's just a real big fan of Apple's "simplified" interface from the 90s: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/At_Ease
Who hurt you?
Learning english from poorly-translated JRPGs sounds interesting, you spoony bard.
Do you mean never sell like... die and take your private keys with you, or "never sell" like wait until you are old and sell to live off of in retirement?
i mean the rule of thirds is just a guideline but jeez
If all you were doing on the internet in 1992 was email you were entirely missing the point
`nedryland_jp.cpp` is the real "itsaunixsystem" reference here
3 weeks from Houston to Moab, how many days of that was it in the shop?
that's like saying "Wait i'm in the Klan and I'm not racist I just like wearing white sheets"
you can still get a relatively modern derivative of that called the Super UFO Pro 8, it's more like a modern flashcart but it has a cartridge slot to backup games to an SD card. I'm fairly sure it doesn't work like you say where you can have a SuperFX game on top to run other SuperFX cart roms. I think it *may* work this way for the simpler addon chips like DSP1/2/3.
chunky case is nice because the remote is too damn small/slippery by default.
what’s fun is when it gets lost in the couch and you sit in a way that hits the volume up button, causing your receiver to blast at full volume while you fumble for it
but you have to play it with motion controls
I can't bear to sit in proximity of the gamecube when running GBI due to the coil whine it causes :(
what's the OSSC for in this setup?
by and large, Goodwill now sells nearly anything good, especially electronics and video games, on their auction site shopgoodwill.com. OP got very lucky with that haul.
To get the person in question, with a lot more followers, to retweet their nonsense, thus potentially getting clicks/etc.
Usually the response to that is that they also want to be able to have tanks and bombs.
Google ending their search agreement, which largely supplies the funding for Mozilla, would probably kill them.
it wasn't even a starbucks cup!
based on the question mark, it looks like you aren't sure whether you did or didn't.
then it shouldn't have been there.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UtVjRG7PB_4
I sure hope you didn't drill into a real Game Boy to make that.
so he can sell them off to people who will then silently update them with spyware, etc.
Mexico is a big country, there are different climates in different areas of it.
grading is a waste of money. just get a nice protective case if you're not going to actually open and play it.
That's AOL, not the web. It used its own program, interface and language and is unrelated to the web. They tacked internet access on top of it but what you're looking at is the non-Web AOL. You can read more about the pre-Web AOL protocol here (it is not yet fully reverse-engineered to my knowledge): https://www.archiveteam.org/index.php?title=AOL
and the first iTV/AppleTV was basically a slimmed-down Intel mac running very similar software
this is what the grading companies want you to think, but to many collectors they are a joke. It's all arbitrary and just designed to extract a lot of money out of collectors for what is essentially a plastic box and a rating that isn't based on anything.
and to spread the megavirus as they pass
"wE wOn wOrLd wAr II aNd nO oNe hElPed"
good deal! just needs some tailoring and I'm sure it'll fit like a glove
Eh, I'd rather give my money to someone like Krikzz to buy a flash cart than give money to Chinese IP thieves/counterfeiters. The existence of these things only makes the market more confusing for people who think they are getting the genuine article.
real ones are more expensive than the average GBA title, sure. These chinese fakes are cheap as dirt, though.
How long until random dudes in black pants, white shirts and ties on bikes start going door to door to spread the good word?
reading very carefully selected parts of the bible, I assume
FYI, the "left lane is for passing" thing only applies on highways, not surface streets. I don't think anyone should be riding mopeds on the 15, 95 or 215.
There has been at least one time where there was a show there that I sorta wanted to see but then I was like "eh, but parking" and didn't bother
it's called a loss leader. Let people park for free to get them into your establishment and spend money.
sure, but https://www.leg.state.nv.us/NRS/NRS-484B.html#NRS484BSec208 pretty sure the 15, 95/515 and 215 (and the new I-11) are the only major roads in the area that qualify as "controlled access highways"
Do you pay to park when you go to buy toilet paper at Target? I don't need to get 'validated' to park at Target. It's no different in my eyes, if you want me to spend money at your thing, you reduce the friction to getting me in the door.
Yea, age of consent in NV is 16
/r/IntentionalWesAnderson
ha, ok, I didn’t know there was a real one!
that ability unlocks at OT-VIII
What that describes is also memes. Not "image macro" memes, but memes nonetheless.
inmates? as in, people still in prison?
Nah, my local newspaper is owned by Sheldon Adelson so I think i’ll pass on that one.
looks like the suspension failed
where's the joke then?
HOA/association fees for most of the high rises I looked at in the past were totally unhinged.
I think he's having a stroke
you're going to need them given that all restaurants are taco bell
we've
we're using our indoor voices here
wow shut up, last time i saw a single N64 game at savers they wanted like $30 for it
they could have at least chosen a file photo of a train that is relevant to the region mentioned in the story.
This is what happens when you commit the mortal sin of zip tieing cables. Velco people, velcro!!
when will this garbage end?
are you trying to make a point or am I missing something?
so, 17 months is "just before"?
what a singular joy it must be to see him incoherently rant *in person*
below average i'd say
You also need NESRGB if you want to use an OSSC.
Same person would come back in a month insisting you buy them a new TV when their kid throws toys at it and it breaks
from personal experience, some JP games have messed up text if you play it on the USA bios.
NY Post is like the Daily Mail, full of garbage bullshit
it makes them so angry that they can only yell it
no Great Basin National Park?
Hiroshi Yamauchi, former president of Nintendo
&gt; You have to be logged in with a valid account in order to view it This doesn't appear to be true, I can accept the quarantine warning while not logged into reddit (private window)
I had a beyond meat burrito for lunch today at del taco, but i got it for free with a coupon. It's not bad for free, but not sure I'd pay full price for it.
the slim and 'E' versions of the 360 are a lot more reliable
on the other hand, if you bought a $80 SNES game and it had bugs, you were stuck with it. On the other, other hand... that likely meant that more time was spent on testing because they knew they couldn't patch in the field.
boy, the price would never go down if everyone just hodled until heat death of universe
pump n' dump!
How would they act like victims if they did that?
i mean, the screenshot in this post is of the_donald_ca, not the_donald
grading is a scam. just get a nice protective box for it
how does the quality stack up to the OEM sticks? I'm usually pretty disappointed with the quality/fit of most aftermarket controller parts
I was excited for you until I read this.
cool, do you have any recommended vendors? I have some gamecube controllers and some wii nunchucks that have yellowed sticks
Nesticle was not the first NES emulator, it was just the first really popular one. Pasofami and iNES and a few others predate Nesticle.
Also Wata, and whichever other ones pop up.
i just assume it's white paper, as in blank
How can anyone listen to that without gagging
the traditional sweets are more muted, yes, but modern Japanese candies/sodas/pastries/etc. are way over-the-top sweet to me (as an American)
while pregnant with Mak
So, is it *posting* Keanu, or *being* Keanu that wins the internet?
Answer: When Google+ was a thing, Google actively tried to get people using YouTube to use their real full names, probably in an attempt to shame people into being civil instead of hiding behind an anonymous handle. See: https://youtube.googleblog.com/2012/06/choosing-how-youre-seen-on-youtube.html https://nakedsecurity.sophos.com/2012/07/26/google-pleads-for-youtube-real-name-use/
You're trying to make an argument but just laying down ad hominem attacks instead
Metroid Prime! a must-have for the Gamecube.
That whole kerfuffle was instigated by a know-nothing anti-science mommy blogger who was scared of words she couldn't pronounce and decided ingredients she didn't understand were harmful with absolutely no evidence.
Primm is in Nevada, but the Ivanpah Solar facility is on the other side of the border in California
it's a little further up the road, it's in the land south of the Moapa Travel Plaza and the road to Valley of Fire state park
or $75 for a Carby
&gt; Donny Jr wrote a book strongly doubt he wrote a single word in the book
he probably listened to the audiobook version while sleeping
["I'm disabled"](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aW2esYwKxiU)
I'd probably avoid the zip ties, pain in the ass if you ever want to move anything around. Use velcro straps instead.
republicans in california are responsible for many of them. Ronald Reagan especially
it was more like bringing the DS dual-screen experience to the living room. They intended both screens to be used at the same time, not switching between them (though many games supported that)
yeah, I think they missed the mark a bit by making it only support one gamepad though, it forced a sort of 'asymmetric' multiplayer game design that I don't think anyone really took advantage of. If it supported 4 gamepads they could have had something like Zelda Four Swords on Gamecube + 4x GBA. I imagine if you were a kid in a multi-child family you'd have to end up fighting over who got to use the gamepad and who was relegated to a pro controller or wiimote
yeah. all good reasons contributing to the failure of the platform. I ended up buying two complete systems just so I have a "backup" gamepad.
[The future is now!](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DCyZYhobvc4)
why would you want rice with less flavor?
truffle marcona almonds are dangerously good.
Get some sort of sound card/audio interface/etc with an S/PDIF or TOSLink input, hook up a cable between them, open up Audacity or some other audio recording software, point it at the right input, set to 16-bit 44.1kHz stereo and record.
it basically has to be full of out-of-town visitors staying in hotel rooms (thus paying the room tax increase that is supposed to pay for the bonds the county took out to pay for it) for it to not fail financially
yeah, like anyone wants to get anywhere near the convention center during CES week for zero pay
be careful with the Grand Canyon, you want to go to the actual National Park, and not "Grand Canyon West", which is a tourist trap. It's far less impressive and costs a lot more.
turn on dock hiding, take launchpad out of dock
it feels like not being able to spell "tongue", but worse.
I use wireless charging at home and at my desk for work and I like it quite a bit, but I wouldn't bother with it while traveling. It's only really suited for when you are stationary (e.g. sleeping, sitting at a desk), and the chargers are generally larger (i.e. will take up more room in a bag) than a traditional plug + cable. Being able to charge up with a portable battery quickly is essential while traveling for me, no wireless charger can beat the power efficiency and speed of a battery pack + cable.
"my protein"? Is she selling her breast milk or something?
1) Be attractive 2) Don't be unattractive
this is a pre-designed set that you can buy at retail. They sell it at target
that bow tie though
no, it's a Mac (or Macintosh)
Open Group has cheapened the "UNIX" name by just turning it into a certification you pay for. Slapping a label on any arbitrary thing and calling it UNIX doesn't make it a legitimate UNIX in my eyes.
and if/when the tariffs go away, prices will not go back down.
The most frustrating part of IPv6 in pfsense is firewall rules, can I set up rules that don't include the (occasionally changing) prefix I get from my ISP? If I want hosts on one LAN (with dhcp6 reservations) to communicate with a specific host in another VLAN i'm not sure how to do that without configuring rules with the entire IPv6 address, including the changing prefix.
No, I prefer this old Apple keyboard: https://deskthority.net/wiki/Apple_Extended_Keyboard_II
why would a Woz signature on a Macintosh be desirable? he had almost nothing to do with the development of what actually became the Macintosh and left Apple shortly after its introduction
They are emulated.
hunt and peck typer? jesus
yes, just upload more data to Facebook.
I've had this game for a while, and I had fun for probably 10-20 hours, but then it felt like I wasn't making any progress and I haven't played it in months... I'm assuming I am missing some major aspect of the game that is keeping me stuck but I'm not sure what.
[Snap! - Rhythm is a Dancer](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fDWFVI8PQOI)
i have a hotcakes and a fries somewhere still
how do you pay 1.9 cents? or did you just round up to an even 2?
ok whose 401k's actually gained 50%+ in 2019? Most 401k's only offer index funds or target date funds and I don't think any of those did much better than 30%
now that you mention it...
wash them. who is bringing more than 2 pairs of jeans anywhere? bring a pair of shorts or workout pants or something and wear those while you wash the other ones.
omurice is kind of "kids food". It's a little like looking for a restaurant that serves the best chicken tendies
using those clapping emojis should result in the death penalty
your password must be in both latin characters and cyrillic
I get sad when a dead side doesn't have Flippy on it.
yeah, this whole "FPGA is flawless magic and software emulators are trash" nonsense is toxic and fails to appreciate all the work that goes into making both.
OP's are fake too.
For reference, [this is what genuine ones look like](https://i.imgur.com/oNrr3i2.jpg). Hope you knew you were getting fakes.
sorry dude :(
good luck, it's a minefield. Metroid, Pokemon and Zelda are the most counterfeited titles on the system.
If you bought it knowing it was fake, and you're ok with giving money to chinese counterfeiters, then no, I guess it doesn't matter. I'd rather put my money towards a flash cart than buy deceptive fakes of individual games.
because it's a lot riskier and a lot more expensive to make pirated goods like that in western countries with stronger copyright/trademark laws and enforcement. If it makes you feel better though, whoever resold it to OP on ebay also took a cut.
nah, that is the trailer park variant
so *that's* how Drew lost all that weight.
the cards are issued by different companies but they are all interoperable across Japan (with some rare exceptions). You can use a Pasmo you get in Tokyo on the subway in Fukuoka and in Sapporo, or use a Pitapa card bought in Hiroshima on the Toei lines in Tokyo, etc.
I do not see a requirement that after drinking it that you have to *keep it down*. Chug a bunch of shitty flavorless light beers and just throw them up immediately. Win prize and is kinder to your liver.
I'm not sure of any Laserdisc collectors who prefer sealed or pay any sort of premium for it. They look terrible in factory shrinkwrap and sealed just basically means untested and potentially rotted/warped/unplayable disc. Also many laserdisc collectors prefer to have the discs shipped outside of the sleeves to prevent spine splits, which is of course impossible when sealed.
I get why it's this way, but I just wish these didn't have the Super Smash Bros. logo on them. Much rather have the Metroid logo or the logo of Prime 2 Echoes on it
your face when opening the manual: https://i.imgur.com/21C9idS.jpg
not very hard to do.
it would take like 10 seconds to verify with a multimeter whether that is true or not
what's great is when you tell these people that Ronald Reagan is largely responsible for the famously strict gun laws in California
she is complicit.
well, there are widescreen CRTs that this would still be a problem on...
they must have made *SO MANY* of these. Feels like it's been on sale for almost free for a year or more now.
this is the guy who goes to Italy on vacation and tries to buy things with dollar bills
but sports stadiums do not grow the economy
because Best of Las Vegas is owned by the Review-Journal which is owned by Sheldon Adelson who has his money in this and will pump propaganda for it any way possible
oil check!
no digital circuitry is necessary for AC-3 RF output. Any player can be modded to support it.
If you know anything about electronics... you just have to find the RF signal after the audio bandpass filter but before the filters for left and right, then buffer that (a single transistor works fine) for 75 ohm output impedance and wire it up to an RCA jack.
It's pretty common in crime reporting to not list the full street address/business name. I think it's just a courtesy to the business since they obviously didn't cause this to happen so it seems unfair to call them out.
you sure showed them by giving them even more money
you're buying me an XB1 or PS4? cool!
most didn't have soap either, except for the nicer ones in department stores/shopping malls
because people don't know how to use their phones so instead of re-posting the same URL or copying the original image, they just take a screenshot and post that. incompetent mfers
Outlet malls in general are a sham, in almost all cases now they are filled with lower-quality goods that are specifically made for the outlets, not excess inventory from the real stores.
not pictured: babes
the trump supporters who can read are just relishing in this I imagine
they would just use it to buy back stock or distribute it as dividends
it's really silly when you see people posting pictures of these with SD2SNES/everdrives in them
or you can just do it all on one device, like a MiSTer.
Doc Brown is alive!
programming an eeprom is harder than designing a complete PCIe NIC and associated operating system drivers?
This has worked for me so far, assuming an afternoon arrival and traveling from west coast USA: * Force yourself to stay up until what you'd consider bedtime at home the first night with as little caffeine as possible * Melatonin an hour or two before said bedtime * Skip eating a big meal until breakfast the next day These three things have helped me reset my clock fairly quickly.
I've been a Netflix subscriber since 1999.
I've not seen any messaging app claim to store keys in something like the "secure element" found on many phones noawadays, so presumably the keys can be transmitted without your knowledge
If Gamestop could just split their online inventory into loose disc / with case / with case+manual or something it would make buying games from them much more tolerable. It's such a crapshoot as is, I don't think I'd buy any disc-based game from them. I've had good luck with cartridge-based games from them though, but I bought with zero expectation of a box in those cases.
These things were pretty terrible in that they relied on harvesting original parts. Glad they moved to full FPGA implementation on later machines.
what's plenty today is rare tomorrow. plus, it just doesn't make good business sense to base your product and its profitability on the acquisition of parts that haven't been made in 30 years
the changes really are very minor, but I get why people would rather it not have been altered. I don't think the alterations are as egregious as, say, Greedo shooting first. Still a really fun game, imho.
https://i.imgur.com/W3VVM4A.png
nice ANuS
Super Game Boy 2 does not play GBC games.
if you took it with your phone it’s because it’s doing some HDR effect on it to even out the exposure between inside and outside which makes it look fake.
there are non-hicks in Nebraska?
"re"-education?
are you trying to tell me that a baofeng *can* emit useful EM radiation after all?
there is no Kobe prefecture. Kobe (the city) is in Hyogo prefecture.
lived out of the subaru or the arctic ocean?
that mac needs some overscan adjustment.
cicis, yikes. that place is like Chuck E Cheese without the fun
outstanding in an omelet
all the boxes and cartridges in japan had the Super Mario Bros 4 branding on them
oh god, this triggered memories of an Indiana Beach tv commercial which I probably haven't heard in 30+ years
I wouldn't trust the muppets at Kinkos to know how to pack a CRT either. The reality is that no matter how well you pack it, the plastics in these things are brittle after 20+ years and just don't travel as well as when they were new.
funny you should mention that since kids used to do the ["bellamy salute"](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bellamy_salute) while reciting the pledge.
at that time, AOL, Prodigy and Compuserve weren't even real Internet providers. They had some limited gateway functionality to things like internet email and usenet but that's about it
i went last Saturday and there was no traffic
to where? i was never going anywhere. You spent all this time setting up an "i told you so" reply and replied to the wrong person.
please learn how to read. you didn’t tell me anything
i wasn’t arguing and i didn’t say that, but whatever man. hope you stay well and healthy.
yeah it doesn't sit right with me at all. tossing out the amazing work that devs did with the SNES sound chip is a travesty.
the cartridges using resistors on the bus are the bad ones. this uses proper voltage translation chips (bus transceivers)
when will the "smear of shit" trend stop? so grossed out by this
those memory cards in that package are counterfeit and not nintendo originals, btw. I was duped too
well, because Nintendo never sold them like that. They are very convincing fakes, though. You can tell they are fake if they have philips screws on the back and not triwings like the real ones
here's a real Nintendo-made card next to one of the fake ones: https://i.imgur.com/fHp6zc0.jpg
I don't remember exactly how they were in stores but I think they were plastic clamshell things, the kind that you always cut yourself on while opening, never cardboard-backed ones like the fakes. looks like overseas in japan and australia at least they came in cardboard boxes, but I think the NA ones came in clamshells
but these were incredibly common, just no one uses them anymore. it'd be like him showing a run-of-the-mill 386 laptop on oddware
their angle is to flog their press release to every outlet that will run it hoping that 45-50 year olds with more money than sense will plop $400 down sight unseen for a product that has no purpose
the imperial palace grounds, nishiki market, to-ji temple, railway museum, arashiyama area and gion are pretty accessible. it'll be a lot easier if you can taxi right to them instead of dealing with the trains/buses and walking to/from places. A lot of the really popular temples are tough because they are all in the hills surrounding the city so there's either stairs or steep grades to deal with.
can't you just take the RGB directly from the console into that instead of converting to component first?
in some locales a 24:31:41 time would be valid. I've seen it used in japan a lot to indicate closing times of late-night venues
are there any statistics on how much it costs to send the licence goons around vs. how much is collected from it?
will he try to vote 2.5 times?
Dolby Digital uses up the right analog channel so it's impossible to get anything but a mono soundtrack out of such discs on an analog-only player (without modifications for AC-3 RF output to a demodulator, at least). A lot of DD discs use the left analog for commentary or isolated soundtrack. Most DTS films have a dolby surround/stereo mix on the analog tracks, not commentary.
yes, it's analog-only. no DAC.
who is Matt?
I think I still have a couple unopened 5-packs of these I got at a thrift store a couple years ago
they are so needy for validation
the truly dedicated addicts
you sure about that? so many second-hand N64 sticks out there today are completely mangled and have to be replaced
everything that this administration wants to marginalize will be called antifa soon enough
They aren't impossible to fix, there's about a thousand youtube videos showing exactly how to do it with simple tools.
the world isn't perfect. if your device is in warranty bring it up with nintendo.
yeah and at least putting a baseball card in those plastic cases collectors use doesn't remove any functionality from the item, you can still read both sides of the card. putting a video game in a plastic box? you just made it useless.
Well this isn't retro, it's new manufacture. nothing about it is authentic from day 1
Obligatory Cody Johnston video: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2vMK-p6-M5E
yeah, they have AC-3 RF out, but sadly no TOSLink.
yeah, quite a few. usually the higher end models (e.g. CLD-D70x series, Elite models, etc.). This is necessary if you want to play DTS discs.
some even have both TOSLink and S/PDIF outputs! (e.g. HLD-X9, CLD-99, etc.)
as far as laserdisc is concerned there's no real difference, it is capable of carrying the exact same data. I like to have TOSLink for the PCM/DTS on Laserdisc because my AC-3 demodulator only has a S/PDIF coax output and the only other digital input on my receiver is TOSLink.
so it's totally OK for cops to just shoot someone for exercising their 2A rights?
spreading among the people pictured, most likely.
exactly, which is why these officers should have had bodycams regardless of whether they were at their regular post or not.
well, except for the guy a few comments up who is arguing that it's cool they didn't have them because NRS says those officers weren't required to have bodycams at the time.
your video modeline looks off, that appears to be a 1400x900 mode, not 1440x900 like the monitor is saying it wants. something like: video_mode=1440,80,152,232,900,1,3,28,106471 would probably be closer to what you want (based on timings found on http://martin.hinner.info/vga/timing.html )
they do support AMD, many systems have AMD GPUs
we were frying here just 2 days ago.
the first I heard of him was this incident. sounds like a real try-hard winner
https://media.giphy.com/media/idXzmUFOxEbFjeLG8f/giphy.gif
it means your picture is crooked
I got the physical Bayonetta 2 + Bayonetta 1 download at Target late last year for $29.99
be careful, that's how Marty got stuck in 1885
what? anyone reading this, don't do this. vinegar is like 95% water, and the rest is an acid. Neither of these are compatible with electronics.
it's a valid variant but it's usually reserved for theater performing groups
the real answer is to sell the 5155 to someone who won't gut it and buy yourself a new mechanical keyboard instead.
the thing you are asking for is actively offensive to the community that you're posting in. does it surprise you that people are hostile to that?
oh god it's a fractal of cringe
http://www.thegameisafootarcade.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/02/Friday-the-13th-Game-Manual.pdf
4500 jobs for roughly 8 days a year sure was worth like a billion dollars of tax money
or just drink what you like and don't get so worried about what other people like.
"raiders game day staff" doesn't extend much farther than preseason and regular season games. this article and the linked job listings don't mention anything else.
like many of them can actually read
I'm sure it has nothing to do with wider phase 2 reopenings across the valley starting at the end of May. I think you need some stronger correlation to make that claim, like contact tracing that would link individuals to the protests in some way.
they're going to start charging a fee to add fees to your bill next. Just increase your menu prices you shady fucks
you must also love resort fees.
the best "no-frills" UNIX is NetBSD, imho.
yes, it looks like like all those cinemas with vertically-oriented screens.
unsubscribe from default subreddits and you'll see much less of this
yeah... I would also welcome an end to tipping culture but that's a much bigger hill to climb unfortunately, especially here in vegas. I even think that sales tax should be rolled into the prices on menus/in stores. You shouldn't have to whip out a calculator to figure out how much your bill is going to be.
so you're saying it's in no way deceptive to put one price on a menu and charge a different one on the bill as long as it's listed in the fine print somewhere? this is just an asshole used car salesman anti-consumer move and I don't know why you are defending it. If it's printed on the menu, then *just change the damn prices*
i'd like to see a citation on that, I'm fairly sure sales taxes are applied uniformly to these fees as well. unless you are talking about some other sort of business tax relief associated with covid-19
they are the same company
I always wanted one of those Gravis joysticks
i'm assuming with your username that this is sarcasm
I've had a preorder in for MP4 for over two years now. Heck, I preordered it before I even owned a Switch
Outdated now, doesn't have Takanawa Gateway
[Stable genius at work.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=umhq6N2YKRw)
are videos becoming *more* vertical? stop this madness
&gt; the old reference system (those cards that we had to go through just to find a book) this is called a "card catalog"
CD-Rs are write-once. CD-RWs use a special crystalline metal alloy layer (instead of the dye layer in a CD-R) which becomes less reflective when burned at a high power and reverts to reflective when burned at a lower power.
I prefer Alps/Matias style switches to anything in the Cherry-like family... but currently cheating on mechanical keyboards with Topre at the moment
What SGI are you using it with?
people grasp for relevance by spewing rumors and then going SEE I TOLD YOU!! I AM ALL-KNOWING! when they accidentally happen to be right
we both know it will be called Metroid: Another M
this one? https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Defector_(Star_Trek:_The_Next_Generation)
based on all of the rock-stupid stuff she's said in the past I really doubt anyone can be less qualified than her to be in the public trust. Maybe the mayor, though...
PS2 only has USB1.1 ports which is really slow (12Mbps max). Look into the network loader.
those are pretty cool! couldn't these be mass produced in an injection molding process much faster/cheaper rather than 3d printing them? I know there's up-front tooling charges for something like that but I'd be willing to donate some money towards that. Could be an interesting project in migrating a 3D printed prototype into a production process.
look up "OpenPS2Loader SMB"
you need to get some of those bad boys hooked up and running, kinda depressing just laying there on the floor
I genuinely don't understand why knowing about Doki Doki Panic would take anything away from Mario 2. Are they largely the same? of course. Were the changes made to convert it to a Mario game an improvement? absolutely. Were both games designed by Shigeru Miyamoto? yup I don't know what's not to like here.
now do mayor goodman
aka [Rubber-hose cryptanalysis](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Rubber-hose_cryptanalysis)
oh poor Gary Graham, how did you get mixed up into that turd? he was great as Ambassador Soval on Star Trek: Enterprise
where in the article does it say that she opposed lending transparency? It explicitly says that Rep. Lee supported legislation to release the list of recipients.
**G**aslight **O**bstruct **P**roject &lt;--
&gt; More tests = more cases, nothing to see here. this is the new "iTs jUsT tHe fLu"
and there's absolutely no negative health effects for people who don't die, right? there's more nuance than just "survived" or "died"
Congrats on the selfishness.
tHe CuStoMer iS aLwAyS rIghT
no, you are selfish because of your "fuck you I got mine" attitude. Do you think that just because you are doing great that everyone is? Do you care?
and her movie...
putting his butthole print on your J key right now
she looks like [Doctor Phlox smiling in Star Trek: Enterprise](https://i.imgur.com/3fUXEpK.jpg)
the abuse of the word "aesthetic" is the worst part
geez didn't a different bizarre reddit-based crypto-something crater several years ago?
yeah, renaming the airport is mentioned at the end, looks like they had been trying to get it named after Harry Reid. Can we just not name airports after people, is that too much to ask? Las Vegas International Airport is perfect, matches up with the IATA airport code ("LAS") and can't possibly offend anyone.
&gt; Agilent just bought the name to the raiders stadium Agilent is a medical device manufacturer. perhaps you meant the airline, Allegiant.
so you're OK with fascism just up until it meets the standard of Hitler literally killing millions of people? That's the threshold?
or at the very least having a loud conversation on speaker phone while [talking into the phone like this](https://thumbs.dreamstime.com/z/studio-shot-male-european-adult-holding-phone-near-mouth-talking-to-speaker-standing-against-gray-background-person-108637258.jpg)
yeah, the person in the tweet could actually just be stupid and not getting any real benefit out of her ignorance
it's always a joy to see people being proud that they are a burden on the entire planet. dying will be the most positive thing they do in their entire lives
this wasn't in vegas, it has lat/long right on it and it's outside of Reno
/r/titlegore
they better ban slippery slopes before it's too late
I'm about 6 or 7 discs short of a full set (and about 4-5 short of a TOS set), I should work on rectifying that.
I thought Mac App Store apps get uploaded in LLVM IR so it can be translated to whatever platform is needed, so is this really an "x86" game?
he thinks the virus exits the body via magic and thus cannot comprehend that saliva has anything to do with it
+3 isolation armor emits a 10ft distancing force field, 90% effective against plague
we need single-payer healthcare that covers mental health, clearly
enjoy your risk of permanently reduced lung function and organ damage, I'm going to avoid catching this disease while taking steps to ensure I don't infect anyone else if I do happen to get it.
yeah this bugs the heck out of me too. Same thing for the tapes themselves. It's a VHS tape or a videotape or a tape but it's not "a VHS" Also see this problem a lot with LPs. It's an LP, a record, a vinyl record, and you can own music "on vinyl", but it's never "a vinyl"
I was overseas in March and just barely got back into the US and back to Vegas before things really started ramping up and now I kinda wish I had stayed away
that's awesome that you included the catalog numbers.
yeah, what is that with people saying "I can't wear a mask I have a medical condition". I just assumed it was some dogwhistle bullshit but curious if there's any more backstory those people have
it's less than half, but those are generally the loudest, most obnoxious people so they have an outsized voice
it's not against the law to be an asshole but you can still be kicked out of any business for being one. if you refuse to leave you are trespassing, which *is* against the law.
no they don't actually believe this, they just think this is a "gotcha" that they can use to get out of doing something they don't want to do.
reddit has profile pictures? jesus
good god, new reddit is awful. why would anyone do this on purpose
you're putting question marks at the end of these but you aren't looking for answers. shut the fuck up already
following whoever told you that masks weren't a good idea makes you the sheep here, you should realize.
also more cases = more cases
why do i get the feeling that if there were explicit criminal penalties that you’d be complaining about that instead
bUt iM nOt sIcK aNd itS jUst tHe fLu *at the same time as* i hAvE a mEdiCaL cOnDiTioN sO i CaNt wEaR a MaSk
antibodies for it are not yet fully studied/understood, it's not clear yet whether it makes you immune or prevents you from being a carrier who can still spread it.
masks do work, wherever you are getting your information is lying to you. Are they 100% effective? no, but this is a game of probabilities, not absolutes. More people wearing masks = less community spread, period.
yeah :( sucks that so many people are just basically lost to reason
uh, you realize the "spit shield" part is exactly why it's effective, right?
MsKim, most of us know you from your useful community events posts over the past however many years, but you are really doing the opposite of being useful by stirring up shit on every post these days. Have you considered taking a break from reddit for a while? Can you just accept that maybe you aren't being helpful at all when it comes to this, and are actually part of the problem?
false, you produce respiratory droplets even while breathing normally.
yes it does, the virus is contained in the droplets. you aren't exhaling bare viruses.
glad we could finally agree that wearing masks is a good idea. stay healthy!
composite is probably the best input this TV has.
oh i see, you aren't interested in actual reality and facts, but instead want to be a stubborn piece of shit.
it's cute that you think that the only bad thing that can happen with COVID-19 is dying.
young and healthy people can and do get the virus and become very ill, experiencing permanent organ damage as a result. You are not invincible. Also your dogwhistles make it very obvious that you are an avid consumer of actually-fake news.
your question was posed in bad faith, it is not worthy of an answer.
no one wants to get infected and run the risk of permanent organ damage, either. dying isn't the only thing to be worried about.
public = anywhere you encounter people you don't live with that you can't keep distance from
this is what happens when we have the worst schools in the country, sadly
sucks that there are so many willfully ignorant people like that sheriff.
well when your target demographic is stupid people I guess it makes sense
