Am often in the Trafford Arms and always friendly staff in there.
In fairness, there are still a lot of people who refuse to forgive the Lib Dems for either working with the Tories or ditching their pledge on tuition fees. At the time they set up CUK I thought it probably had a good chance of overtaking the LDs. Turns out LDs aren't so toxic after all, so they're joining the LDs. I don't know why people seem so contemptuous of this. Won't be a popular opinion here, but were I in his position I'd have looked at Labour's stance and treatment of Blairites and left, I'd have looked at LDs languishing in the polls and tried something new, and then when that didn't get off the ground and the LDs were resurgent I'd have abandoned my project and joined them. The amount of hate for him on here seems bizarre given that we're about to get Boris fucking Johnson as our prime minister.
That doesn't mean he suddenly supports no deal? Saying 'if no further vote happens' is like saying you'll die driving your car on a motorway 'if no further steering happens'. There is a majority in parliament that opposes no deal, they are not going anywhere, and the more Tory candidates try to pretend they don't exist the more determined they get.
Yes - ran an IT department for a couple of years. Was going really well - we were really delivering well. Then the company got taken over, original company boss left and got replaced by a new guy from the new parent company who knew nothing about IT and didn't even pretend to care about it, and who quickly set about undermining a lot of my hard work - cut our funding, cancelled promised pay rises, ignored requests for time/resource to fix broken things, relegated IT to a complete afterthought at the company meetings - and this in a company where the technology is a fairly critical part. My team started to quit in their droves - about a quarter of the department quit in the space of a couple of months and most of the rest were threatening to. I reached the point where I literally couldn't sleep at night. Was drinking a bottle of wine to fall asleep then waking at 2am and just staring at the ceiling until it was time to get up and go to work. Tried quitting the booze to see if I could sleep better and contain my stress levels but it didn't help. I literally reached the point where I started monitoring my heart rate, as I actually thought I was going to have a heart attack any day. Wife was worried about me, kids could tell something was wrong with me - and I think that was the final straw. So, eventually, I just quit. By that point I was having daily shouting matches with the new boss so he let me take my 3 months' severance pay and leave the next day. 3 days later I had an interview at another company, they offered me the job the same day - more money, a good boss and a nice bunch of people. It will always rankle that the herculean effort I made to build a high-performing IT department from almost nothing over a couple of years was critically undermined within a couple of months, but equally I will never regret walking away from a situation that was set to destroy me. I still talk to friends of mine who stayed at that company. They've said that the IT department is utterly dysfunctional there now; I shouldn't be so petty as to take pleasure in hearing that, but I do.
Not true. I've seen it happen several times in my career.
Happened to my wife - interviewed for a great job, didn't get it, but spoke to them afterwards to get feedback and thanked them for their time, wished them well and generally left a really good impression. 3 months later the company decided they needed a second person doing that role, and she got first refusal.
Yeah, everyone should choose from a party that's either led by Jeremy Corbyn or Boris Johnson, right? Who could possibly want for more choice than that?
Currently polling higher than both Labour and Tories.
It will anyway.
Suit yourself. I think you're wrong - both in that it's possible, and people think it's possible - but that's up to you.
I fundamentally disagree with pretty much everything you've said here. Suffice to say this: it's better to do a fairly good job of re-distributing in a successful economy than it is being very good at re-distributing in a failing economy. But since I'm clearly boring you with my "inane centrist jargon" then I not waste any more of your valuable time.
If you can't distinguish the last 9 years of Tory austerity with the years under Labour that preceded it I can only assume you're too young to remember or you're too far to the left to have any meaningful perspective. Life under Labour was dramatically different, and an ill-judged war in Iraq doesn't make Blair's economic policy any less viable. This recent narrative that paints Blair as another Thatcher is just utter nonsense.
Right, but if I'd suggested that would happen a year ago you'd have thought I was mental. Labour are shedding support at a crazy level, and most leaders would have been toast a long time ago.
&gt; lib dems actions actually helping brexit become a reality. LOL - yeah, because when they consider which parties are enabling Brexit everyone's first thought is 'Lib Dems!' Just sounds like the usual Labour fingers-in-the-ears approach to reality.
Figures.
By this point he might as well just come out and say "Fuck everyone who isn't me", just to put to bed any lingering doubt about where his priorities lie.
&gt; The silver lining is that Corbyn will wipe the floor with all of them (including Bojo noshow). As much as I love to see the Tories take a kicking, personally I think you're deluded if you think Corbyn is in a good position or will wipe the floor with anyone. His party are in open revolt and there's a good chance the drift from Labour to Lib Dem will continue, especially if the government is threatening no-deal again.
&gt; they will be back on top having selected the baffoon He'll get a bounce in the polls, but as soon as it becomes clear that he will fail in exactly the same way as May, and most likely for exactly the same reasons (repeating stock phrases, refusing to build any consensus) then they will nose-dive too.
If you're saying immigration causes an increase in supply of labour you have to also acknowledge that it causes an increase in demand for labour too. Or do Polish people not need haircuts, or pay energy bills, or drive cars, or eat food? It's all just perspective. Heard about a small village school near me where Eastern Europeans labourers had moved in and were sending their kids to the school. One report said the school had been overrun by immigrants and one said it had been saved from closure thanks to immigrants. Same story, different spin. Just about your perspective.
Where do they say that?
&gt; Israeli funded fuck Wow.
Having a Tory government doesn't help them. Brexit definitely doesn't. Stop conflating all kinds of shit. The EU haven't started a war, and they didn't make the UK do austerity. Brexit won't help anyone, except a few media barons, Old Etonians and disaster capitalists. It's a crying shame that people who claim to represent people who are genuinely struggling in this country have convinced people that cutting off all our trade links is somehow benevolent or wise. Vote for left-wingers by all means, but don't trust the ones who tell you that Brexit will be good for the poor and down-trodden; they know it won't.
The naivety of anyone who thinks Brexit will be 'over' any time in the next 3 years...
Works for people who play by the rules. With no border you have to have some way of identifying people who aren't, otherwise nothing stops someone loading up a van with stuff that's legal on one side of the border and driving it to the other side where it isn't legal.
I think Raab wants to start practising his sad face now.
&gt; I am no leaver, but I am a democrat, once you collapse a vote before enactment it can become a bad habit. The reason Brexit didn't happen in March is because Brexit supporters in the government voted down the government's own Brexit bill. The referendum result was to be enacted through the government of the day negotiating the deal to leave; they did that, and Brexiters voted it down. If you claim a majority of &lt;2%, and then 20-40% of those people can't agree on what they just agreed, then you haven't got a majority at all, have you? It's that simple.
Thanks (had deleted as I found the answer about 2 seconds after I posted it!)
A lot of anecdotal evidence that some candidates have been lending votes to others to knock out the people they think most threaten them. So perfectly possible that some Johnson supporters lent a vote to Stewart to get Raab knocked out, then lent them to someone else to get Stewart knocked out. Never underestimate a Tory's ability to play politics for personal gain.
If all the Brexiters just moved to the Falklands then this makes everyone happy. Plenty of room there, nowhere near Europe, very few immigrants and an absolute beacon of symbolic sovereignty that's already awash with Union Jacks and good tales of giving Jonny Foreigner a bloody nose. They could even make the Falklands completely independent with no international alliances or trade just to really create the true isolationist paradise they all seek.
Don't suggest to them it'd be cowardly not to, in these days of dick-swinging macho Brexiters that's just asking them to do it. We need to tell them that only the very bravest PM would revoke A50 and it'll be done in a week.
&gt; it just signals the death of philosophical thought It is idiotic to suggest only the religious are capably of philosophical thought.
Doesn't work as an example - she is evidence that you can be religious whilst also being an awful human being.
That would be undemocratic, obviously.
I was basing it on the final comment - that belief in God can stop you being a prick.
&gt; populist snake oil salesman telling them that they can have everything their hearts desire As a Remainer, we had everything my heart desired. There's only one side believing snake oil salesmen, and Labour is representing them more than it is me.
Maybe you missed the bit in the tweet that said "in 2015, *before 100,000 had been killed*".
&gt; sorry, you've bought snake oil That's not "buying snake oil". We *could* do exactly what you said, but we won't because enough other people *were* sold snake oil and have yet to acknowledge it. &gt; what's the Remain plan to reckon with that? I haven't suggested we should either revoke A50 or have another referendum; if half the country have chosen an idiotic course it's up to them to either change their mind or solve the inevitable problems they will cause, not mine. Frankly they're already doing a good enough job of sabotaging it amongst themselves. Of course, I hope that sanity prevails, and I think eventually it will, whether that's via a second referendum that even Brexiters will eventually have to admit is inevitable, via a general election that returns a pro-EU coalition, or whether we have to go through the complete shit-show of no-deal and eventually sanity prevails when even the most blinkered cultists have to admit it was a failure, and we seek to rejoin. But it's not my job to fix the problems others have created - I'm just going to keep pointing out what a fucking shit-show it is until they realise it for themselves, as only then will sanity start to return. &gt; it hasn't been helped by the hardliners on both sides that have continually called any compromise a betrayal Funny, because I don't recall any Brexiters being interested in compromise at any point. If we'd gone for a Norway option then I'd have considered that a reasonable reflection of a 52-48 outcome - still a dumb idea as it's just the same but with less influence - but it would have represented a compromise. Christ - I'd even have accepted Norway followed by subsequent votes to see whether further steps away from the EU were warranted - but at no point has anything other than the hardest possible Brexit been acceptable to the cultists who now claim it's what everyone always voted for. Personally I'm quite enjoying the schadenfraude of watching the Brexiters having to tell more lies to try to pretend that unicorns they promised are still out there. Watching Johnson own this shit-show will at least give me some pleasure even though the country will probably continue to go to shit for a while longer yet.
&gt; it just signals the death of philosophical thought
I also came here to say this - lovely places. Have been to the Cropton one in Yorkshire, and we're off to the Forest of Dean one later this year. Only issue with the price during school holidays, but if you're able to go outside school hols then still bargains to be had. [Website](https://www.forestholidays.co.uk/?gclid=EAIaIQobChMI1bzH69r44gIVV_hRCh32SQvMEAAYASAAEgKaMPD_BwE) if it helps!
Yeah, agreed - which frankly is why it's such a complete farce that Brexit was never spelled out in advance. The very notion that Brexiters voted for an option that included sub-options that they fundamentally oppose to the extent that they voted it down in their droves should have been enough to lay bare the idiocy. But no, on we go....
Assuming you see them before they see you, get as far away as you can and attack from distance. Get up high, get far away and freeze-bomb them a few times, then load them with arrows when they're frozen. Set a few traps for when they inevitably try to reach you as well.
What's wrong with you? Did you actually read the context of this conversation? Another poster equates religion with stopping people being pricks, someone else posts a picture of Anne Widdecombe and I point out that she is religious so it doesn't support the previous statement. I haven't introduced any insults here whatsoever, so this just demonstrates a complete failure at reading comprehension on your part, and what's more this is the second time you've gone out of your way to try to get me banned. I don't have "so very many reported and removd insult posts" at all, so I can only assume you're passive-aggressively trawling this sub just looking for people whose politics you don't like and trying to get them banned. Grow up and leave me alone, or maybe I'll stoop to your level and start trying to get you banned yourself. FFS.
Yeah, I know all this. What's your point, just that you want the Lib Dems to be to blame for anything and everything?
That doesn't look anything like a smile to me. And if you actually roll the video rather than trying to take isolated frames out of context you can see she is very much not enjoying it at all.
Fine. And are you trying to suggest that this Tory MP's actions were justified because - what - she accidentally nudged him as she walked past and that mildly inconvenienced him? Maybe she caused a gust of wind that ruffled a couple of his hairs, and for that you think she should have been "thrown down the stairs for good measure"? Tell you what, let's round up all the homeless people in London lest the sight of them causes a Tory MP to feel human emotion for a second?
Again: where in my post did I insult someone? Edit to add: if someone is removing my posts then nobody is mentioning it to me, and I certainly can't see evidence of this, so I'm interested to know how you know this? Is it because you're now stalking all my posts and trying to get them removed? Which of my posts have been removed? I'm not sure what your specific problem is with me, I don't interact in any kind of way that I don't see hundreds of others doing on here every single day. You're hardly all sweetness and light yourself are you?
Here's what I read: guy says it's a good thing that religion is declining. You respond by asking why, saying it "signals the death of philosophical thought". Now you're telling me I need to learn to read: please, tell me which part of that I'm getting wrong?
&gt; That's a brexit majority of MPs. How do you figure that? There are going to be a lot of seats that are very closely contested, so any attempt to turn this kind of polling into number of seats is utter guesswork.
&gt; it voted 72% to remain If this is central London, my bet would be a sizeable number of that 72% are now former Tory voters who won't vote for them again.
&gt; This is condoning assault and abuse of children No it isn't. Go outside and enjoy the sunshine or something instead of trying to win internet points for your team.
&gt; You either vote for one left wing party or one right wing party. Nonsense. Labour made clear they don't value my vote any more so I'll take it to the Lib Dems who do. As far as I'm concerned, your "choice" equals left-wing pro-Brexit zealot versus right-wing pro-Brexit zealot, and I'd rather spoil my ballot than give either of them a vote.
Which is meaningless when there are 4 parties with barely a fag paper between them.
I know, it doesn't matter. When they're all within a point or two of each other the predictions are meaningless, and especially in the current context: a month or two from now Johnson might have moved in one direction that effectively swallows up the Brexit party, or moved in the other direction and lost even more support to them. Meanwhile Labour might decide to move to a second referendum and regained some of the Lib Dem support, or might continue to prevaricate and continue to lose votes. So, like I say, pretty meaningless.
Not suggesting the arms industry always gets it right or that we should enjoy the decisions that get made. But back to my first comment, suggesting that Vince Cable as Business Secretary has sole decision-making and executive power over such things would be incredibly reductionist, and therefore to my mind just smacks of Corbynites trying to demonise Cable to stop the drift of Labour voters to the Lib Dems.
It doesn't matter, for all the reasons I just stated. If we had PR then it might be of some value, but when actually our elections are 650 mini-elections and four contenders are this tightly packed then it's meaningless.
I didn't say the cyclist is always right. The point is that if someone is staring at their phone and walks straight out in front of you it is never possible to state that you can always avoid them if you're being careful enough.
&gt; If you are in / on a vehicle, you have a duty to react whether the pedestrian was in the right or the wrong. You don't get to plow through them, and then claim it's her fault for not paying attention. Don't bikes have brakes any more? This is a bizarre spin on what I said. Yes, you have a duty to react. Yes, of course bikes have brakes. And no, you don't "get to plough through them" FFS. But the point is this: even if you are going along at anything like a regular, safe speed on a bike and someone darts out right in front of you it is physically impossible to guarantee that your reactions will be split-second enough to avoid them. As I said, I nearly mowed down a schoolgirl the other day, and had she stepped out 0.1 seconds later I wouldn't have been able to stop, no way. &gt; Had this been a car that had hit her, you'd be all over this sub extolling how cars are dangerous weapons and we should all be on bikes. No, that's nonsense, sorry. I am also a car driver and I am not some bike warrior; I would say exactly the same were it a car driver: if someone walks out so close in front of you that no amount of keeping your speed at a safe level will stop you hitting them then it's ridiculous to claim that anyone could. The vehicle is immaterial, so please stop putting words into my mouth. &gt; They were found 50:50 at fault. So don't come on here pretending they guy isn't culpable also. Right, but the very significant cost has been laid 100% on one of the claimants and not the other.
&gt; The ranting nature of your post disagrees with you. I don't really care why you're trying to make this point; I've told you you're wrong and beyond that I couldn't really give a toss what you think.
Speaking as one of those people, I quite agree. As things stand I have no intention of voting Labour again, pretty much irrespective of whether they finally bother to get off the fence or not. Why they persist with Corbyn who is marshalling them to electoral wipeout I have no idea.
&gt; No, the other user talked about people who had temporarily left over remain and would likely come back if Labour offered that position You very obviously didn't read to the end of the sentence where he said "those voters are unlikely to come back". &gt; There's literally no need to make infantile remarks like this. It's not "infantile": you mis-read the context, so I'm pointing it out to you. You just don't like being told you were wrong. The rest of your post is just "Corbyn good, everyone else bad", and frankly I don't argue with Corbyn fans any more because every thread ends this way, with you trying to present 2017 as a Labour victory by telling me about all the times he's been written off and how he's shown people they shouldn't write him off....I DON'T CARE. He didn't win power in 2017, and he won't next time either. Really, I don't actually give a shit. Labour lost my vote after 6 straight general elections voting for them, and won't get it back. If you're fine with that I'm fine with that, so let's not waste any more time, OK?
Stop following me round. I've reported you for harrassment.
Sure, I meant whether one party is able to prevent an accident however stupid the moves of another.
Nor was the slogan "leave means leave anything and everything you can think of".
&gt; Compromising and saying "ok, this brexit but not this brexit" might have worked Where was the point where compromise was given a chance? We went straight from a 52-48 referendum result to "No deal is better than a bad deal", "Citizens of Nowhere" and "Enemies of the People". Didn't exactly leave a lot of room for compromise did it:?
Pretty much any taxation falls into that category, because taxes are applied to just about any movement of money whether it's you acquiring it (income tax, capital gains tax, inheritance tax) or you spending it (VAT, stamp duty).
No. I think it would be an interesting prospect to raise inheritance tax but use the money to properly fund proper social care for the elderly.
Not really, it suggested a pretty unequal playing field that helped some people and disadvantaged others.
&gt; It discourages helping out your kids I'm not sure I agree with this. It encourages you to spend money on your kids while you're alive rather than wait till you die to hand it over. &gt; the argument that it isn’t fairly yours because of house price appreciation Dunno who makes that argument but I haven't. &gt; Thirdly when people inherit, that wealth generally moves from a low velocity household (pensioner) to a high velocity household (younger) It often doesn't these days - more likely it moves from 80-year-olds to 50-year-olds, and a lot of 50-year-olds are usually getting fairly low-velocity by that age. Would be much better absorbed into the exchequer and used to reduce income tax IMO.
&gt; loopholes, nepotism, generous gifts of money, etc Yeah, I agree, although people who are going to do that will do it irrespective of how we try to tax them.
If they do more than 40-odd hours a week then they will (is my understanding - happy to be corrected if I'm wrong). The point, though, is that rewarding people for labour should be more valid than rewarding them for having better-off parents.
Well, you've encouraged me to go and read up on it some more [here](https://fullfact.org/health/what-dementia-tax/). Interesting quote: “what’s being done on the means test will help some people, though many people, the majority of people who are getting care—not in a residential care home but in their own homes—will find themselves worse off.” So yeah, it moved to treating them both the same but seemingly that looked more like making more people worse off than better off.
Yes - good points. And yeah, it'd be an interesting dynamic if pensioners suddenly tried to spend away their money rather than let the government get their hands on it. I'm sure their kids would get some of it, but you can bet the cruise ship industry would get an absolute windfall.
&gt; The problem is, it seems to be working. The hope that keeps me going is that the Tory members are massively unrepresentative of the country as a whole meaning that when he finally puts himself up for a general election he is roundly rejected by the wider electorate.
Er... if someone worked for it, then it's not inherited wealth...? It only becomes inherited wealth when someone who didn't earn it receives it.
&gt; I would be appalled if someone did record me when I've a reasonable expectation to privacy. Your rights to a private life ends where you have arguments so loud the neighbours can hear them through the walls.
And posts like your just add to that.
No it isn't. If you can hear it sat in your own home without even trying, then it's not private. You can't *not* hear that. If you want privacy it's your duty to go to reasonable lengths to protect that. What next, if he has a blazing row in the middle of Piccadilly Circus no-one there is allowed to mention it either?
&gt; they're all cunts Well yeah - the main difference is that one of them is running to be Prime Minister and the rest aren't. I'm not saying I want all our politicians to be bland non-entities but can you imagine this happening to Theresa May or Gordon Brown or John Major? I mean I don't think I'm some kind of paragon of virtue but christ, I've never come close to someone calling the police out on one of my domestic rows, and I think that goes for 99% of people.
All I'd say is that I bet people who have a lot of experience of actual domestic violence cases would probably tell you that things like 'loud recycling' at 3am are a fairly common euphemism. When I met my (now) wife, she lived next door to a guy I knew. She told me she knew he was a wife-beater and I didn't believe her - then I went to her house and heard it for myself, and there was 100% no mistaking what was going on - he was beating her and I'd have bet my life savings on it purely from what I heard. Again, I'm not here to defend or attack Johnson, only that if anyone says nobody really knows what goes on based on an audio recording alone I'd disagree.
&gt; should reorient our trade from the clogged Southeast to the likes of Liverpool and the NW. Christ, I can't believe some of the random hopes people have pinned to the sinking ship Brexit. There are a bunch of people who have figured out how they're going to make good from Brexit, but guess what - it ain't you, or me, and it certainly ain't anyone in the poorer parts of the country who think that giving Johnson, Farage, Rees-Mogg etc carte blanche to ride a coach and horses through our trading relationships is going to help them. Sorry, but honestly - leaving the EU is going to suddenly make the Northwest better how? All you've done is hand more power to the very arch capitalists who have been fucking over your region for decades. Remind me, what was Boris Johnson's view on Liverpool?
I've honestly no idea how you've managed to draw that conclusion. Have you got anything that even makes this slightly plausible as a future reality? It sounds like the kind of utter tosh that BXP candidates promise on your doorstep to win your vote but is never in a million years going to actually happen. It sounds like the people in car plants who believed by making it harder for BMWs to be sold here it'd help their Toyota plant, or all the people who think leaving the EU will force Westminster to plough more money into the North of England. It sounds like all the other fairy tales that have been told. Genuinely makes me weep.
&gt; they've a reasonable expectation of privacy in their own home. Yeah, up to the point that their neighbours are forced to listen to it.
&gt; Why isn't it a legitimate option? Because it isn't an *outcome*. It's a showy piece of theatre to walk away as if this will tell the EU that we're in control. Brexiters like it because in their minds this is like haggling in a Turkish bazaar and you have to show your negotiating partner that they need you more than you need them... except that this isn't a Turkish bazaar, and no amount of showy grandstanding will change the fact that we are attempting to have things our own way when we are one nation leaving a united group of 27 nations. So: we walk away. Then what?
Great debating skills there. I'll take that to mean you've got nothing to back up your baseless fantasies.
They need a united party so they're going to spend a critical time going through a gigantic national purge?
&gt; Rebuild the PLP in the face of Corbyn and then go into a GE with a united front. How long do you think you've got before a GE? Might only be a matter of a few weeks. I would have thought that of all the times that Labour could do without a damaging and divisive series of purges they'd worry about winning the GE first.
No it isn't, that's just a complete caricature. It's more about recognising that to spend money you have to make money. Labour champions the former, Tories champion the latter. Most centrists think we should allow some economic freedom to let businesses succeed, but then harness the money created by that to create a fairer society through high public spending and wealth re-distribution. Wealth creation and high public spending are not mutually exclusive. That is nothing like what you said at all.
Because different people want different things. It's no use at all having an ideologically pure platform if it never garners more than 20% of popular support. Voters and parties face the same question: take a long-shot on getting exactly what you want, or short odds on getting much of what you want.
And what are they on now?
&gt; political freedom contributes to quality of life in a way money does not We've always had political freedom. We were in the room when EU legislation was created, we signed off on it, the EU has never asked to do anything that we didn't agree to first ourselves. So what you're actually saying is that we want the political freedom to break agreements that we previously made. Yet if you think we're going to win a lot of other trade deals with other countries without having to make commitments that we stick to, in exactly the same way we always have with the EU, then you might want to practice your 'disappointed' face now, because if anything, we're going to give away a lot more of this kind of thing in future to make up for the fact that we cut ourselves off from our richest and best trading partners. So what you see as people doing what they think is best: I'd say there are a lot of people who own their own home, have a decent pension or stable job, who can *afford* to take a bit of an economic hit. I don't think they know, care or even try to understand about the people who will be shafted by this. They certainly don't act like they give a shit. Back to the same old adage: if you voted for Brexit you're probably either rich enough to be insulated from its effects or poor enough that you have nothing to lose.
Which part isn't democratic? Can you name anything that has been done to us that we didn't agree to? Or anything we did want done but weren't allowed to do?
&gt; your beloved libdems are the very reason why people voted for Brexit in the first place Tired of this bullshit line being trotted out these days. It's nonsense.
Can you be more specific? And can you answer my second question: anything we've ever been prevented from doing that we wanted to do, or anything we've ever been forced into doing that we didn't want to do?
You posted an opinion piece, not evidence. What's more, austerity is 100% a Tory policy. Brexit is a Tory policy. Incredible how powerful and influential some people seem to think those 50-odd Lib Dem MPs were in that coalition government - they seem to take far more flak from Labour supporters than the Tories themselves. I wonder if it could have anything to do with Labour supporters desperately wanting to stop the steady drift of Labour voters to the Lib Dems?
&gt; You’re an idiot. Pathetic - your argument is challenged and you go straight to insults. Thanks for making clear you're not worth wasting any more time on.
I ignored the rest of the comment because you've made clear that you'll just throw insults rather than engage in actual debate. &gt; You got owned son CRRRRINGE.
Are you still posting? I thought I'd made clear I'm not wasting my time on you.
Hunt becomes PM. Johnson's campaign has too many similarities with May's disastrous GE campaigning in 2017 - hiding one minute, looking confused and out-thought the next. Hunt is barely having to say anything, just letting Johnson made headlines for all the wrong reasons. Hunt, of course, will still face the same parliamentary arithmetic as May did; a sensible leader might do something like ask Parliament to support a Norway-style Brexit as a first step, which would lower the temperature on both the Remain and no-deal camps and thus reduce the polarisation. There could then be a series of indicative votes in parliament as to whether further steps away from the EU were wanted - possibly validated by a public vote. Neither parliament nor public will want to go further out of the EU. Once we have left the EU, most people would see it that we had delivered the referendum result, that compromise had been reached. Hunt will claim Brexit has been done. Farage would still cry foul, BXP would continue to exist and poll at UKIP pre-2015 levels, and plenty of remainers will still ask what the point of any of it was, but essentially the country would welcome the opportunity to draw a line under it and move on. Maybe I'm just dreaming, and Johnson will come in, fuck everything up and the UK will go to total shit.
Is anything?
Boris Johnson was one of the people who blocked the only Brexit deal that's been put to parliament. Are you suggesting that he gets to prorogue parliament in protest at an action that he himself undertook?
I suspect most of them are resigned to the fact that their future lies outside the Tory party now, come what may.
It's as if Corbyn actually wants Labour's polling to drop further still.
Hah. "Sabotaged" how? Made the unicorns disappear?
1 country that can't agree with itself negotiating with 27 countries who are entirely united. Yeah, can't imagine how we haven't completely bossed them. Reality is just an inconvenience for Brexiters isn't it?
LD are polling pretty level with Labour these days so far from certain that Labour are the best bet to halt the Tories.
You don't need to. We were already living inside the EU for decades, so you know how we would behave inside it.
When Brexiters voted down May's deal they made clear that Brexit, to them, was nothing less than no deal.
I think just let some people revoke their EU citizenship, have a blue passport and pay tarriffs on all their goods. They can get in the long 'UK only' passport queues at airports. The rest of us will keep our EU passports and EU citizenship, continue to trade tarriff-free with Europe and can walk through the EU passports gate at airports. Win-win.
Indeed - I changed jobs earlier in the year from one that was in severe Brexit-induced jeopardy to one that is pretty Brexit-proof, and now I'm going to do exactly like you: stock up the cupboards, stock up the freezer, and enjoy watching the Leave voters turn upon their own when they realise it was all a massive con.
I dunno, it is almost like some kind of death cult now where for a lot of people it's no longer the means to an end, it is the end in itself. I think once people finally get what they've been insisting on then suddenly the rose-tinted specs come off and they will actually see their own standard of living start to drop, businesses folding, shelves empty in the shops, and suddenly wonder what the fucking point of it all was. I hope the public have long memories when they start to ask themselves who it was who sold them this snake oil and persuaded them to send the country to the dogs.
Good question. There are a few things I fundamentally believe in: that international trade is for the most part a force for good, and also that countries that find ways to work together and ignore their borders for mutual benefit shape the future, as opposed to countries that emphasise their differences and retreat behind their borders who get left behind. I believe that is massively backed up by historical evidence. So, I'm not gonna lie: I really struggle to see a situation in which our current trajectory ends well. However open-minded I like to think I am, I genuinely cannot picture a scenario in which Brexit makes the UK a better place, makes Europe a better place or is a positive thing for humanity. I see it as a fundamentally backwards step: like a country that's legalised gay marriage that then decides to outlaw it again, I see it as a backlash that will be a flash-in-the-pan that briefly allows elderly conservatives their day in the sun believing they can turn back the tide of human progress. So, if Brexit somehow isn't a mess, and it turns out that we both (a) manage incredible trade deals with all kinds of non-EU nations - as if Liam Fox was right all along despite enormous evidence to the contrary and (b) we don't turn into some low-tax low-human rights state chasing the dollars, then maybe - \*maybe\* I'll believe that Brexit wasn't an utterly shit idea and maybe the things I understood about how the world works weren't quite as right as I thought they were. But I will still bemoan the fact that we couldn't find a way to work our nearest neighbours and gave up fantastic rights to live and work anywhere across 28 nations; irrespective of that, what is irredeemable is that the UK has shown the world that it is susceptible to the lies and manipulation of populist idiots and that you can basically lie your way into the top job with no semblance of a plan or an adherence to the truth as long as you went to the right school and promise top jobs to other Old Etonians if they parrot the party line.
Quite agree. Such are the ever-decreasing circles of Brexit that the time it takes to destroy each of the people who seize the mantle becomes shorter and each time it will be more brutal. Nothing will be more enjoyable than watching Boris Johnson get exactly what he deserves: the chance to be Prime Minister in the worst possible situation, a situation of his own making, that will destroy both his political career and the entire Tory party within a few short months; possibly even permanently damage the country and mark him down as the worst PM in history, even after Cameron seized the title and then May wrested it from him, and all because his ambition to get into number 10 was paramount over everything else. I actually believe that Johnson will be the last ever Tory PM.
&gt;The reason Leavers are so willing to fuck with Remainers' lives is because a lot of middle class Remainers didn't really care when the Tories were doing the same to them This is rather undone by the fact that the lives that Leavers will fuck with the most are exactly the same lives that were being fucked by the Tories. Education and age had more to do with Brexit votes than class did; I'm solidly middle class, I'll probably be fine, but plenty of people on the poverty line won't be, and believe it or not I'm capable of having feelings of human empathy towards people who aren't from the exact same background or demographic as me.
It's just mind-blowing that at a point where the Tories have moved from a disastrous Prime Minister in David Cameron, to an even worse Prime Minister in Theresa May, and are almost certain to be about to launch into the soon-to-be worst Prime Minister ever in Boris Johnson - even through all that, the Labour leader has managed to be so utterly inept that he \*still\* can't actually get Labour polling higher than the Tories. How are Labour supporters still putting up with this?
OK, I won't. What about the people at this Vauxhall plant who are wondering about how they'll pay the mortgage, should they panic?
Given the changes at the top at the Mail, I'd actually say the Telegraph is possibly even worse than the Mail these days. It's practically the Express, and I can't think of a much worse insult than that.
They talked endlessly about 'retaining access' to the single market, clearly designed to give the impression that nothing bad would happen there. It was entirely misleading, and clearly designed to be so.
Nigel Farage: "would it be so bad to be like Norway?"
&gt;it allows for precisely none of the four key Leave positions The ballot paper I saw said only 'leave the EU' or 'remain a member of the EU'. So anything else, frankly, is irrelevant. Given that Leave campaigners couldn't even agree to have one single Leave campaign, and given that we know that Leave campaigners held multiple, contradictory positions all at once, then suggesting that any one thing they said at any point has become some great touchstone of truth is frankly complete nonsense. I've never even heard of 'four key Leave positions' before and I certainly couldn't tell you what they are. So what you're actually saying is "the thing I personally like to believe is this....".
You're the one doing a 'gish gallop' of bullshit facts and then telling me to disprove them. It's Friday night, I'm enjoying my evening, and I'm well aware from your posts that you're a troll who drops a fuck-ton of bullshit and then expects others to sort through it and try to disprove it. No thanks mate. You've ignored all my points and expect to hold me to account for challenging any of yours. No thanks.
Spot on - wants everyone else to give him evidence but won't hold his own arguments to any standard at all.
Haha. You cannot articulate what "access to the single market" means. Admit it - I'm challenging you to explain what this means: you can't. You don't have a clue. Go on - please try: what does it mean in terms of our trade with the EU? Don't waste my time with embarrassing attempts to define individual words, you know what I'm asking for. You can't do it. What a joke.
The point, surely, is that even up against a god-awful PM running the worst election campaign in history they still lost. However heart-warming it was to see May lose her outright majority, Labour still lost the election, and since then have been losing support at an alarming rate.
Even if Labour's official position were to move to a strong pro-Remain one, I still wouldn't come back while Corbyn is still there, and possibly even whoever comes next. As far as I'm concerned Corbyn is a weak, incompetent and divisive leader who is more interested in protest politics, is utterly toxic to a large proportion of the general public and who is more likely to score own goals than ever trouble the opposition at crucial times. Even now, as they nose-dive in the polls they're not even talking about challenging his position as leader. No hope.
But he ate a bacon sandwich weirdly!
So if Corbyn is pro-Remain Labour do badly, and if Corbyn is pro-Brexit Labour also do badly. So far, he's done neither, and is doing badly. Is no-one in Labour wondering whether Corbyn might be the problem?
This idea that Austerity is Lib Dem policy is a continuing load of nonsense that goes unchallenged far too often.
Personally I think you're probably just too far left to be able to tell the difference. Just because you don't immediately nationalise everything and double the high tax rate doesn't mean you can't still drive a progressive social policy. Personally I believe in enough capitalism to keep a flourishing economy, coupled with a high tax-and-spend which genuinely pushes a strong social agenda and wealth redistribution, and the Lib Dems are closest to that approach - which makes the idea that they actually support austerity complete nonsense. Making money and spending money are not an either/or, and yet the Tories only believe in the former and Labour only believe in the latter.
Mainly because so far they haven't been seriously threatened with no deal. May at least showed some respect for parliament's opposition to it.
You'd think the Tory members might have some semblance of a clue about what picking Johnson might do to their party. But then it just goes to show how their priorities have changed, and Mr 'Fuck Business' is now their overwhelming choice, the one who is still telling them he can find the unicorns. Tories starting to look very like the Republican party.
Anyone who still thinks there's a version of Brexit that is anything other than some degree of bad for the UK might want to start practising their "disappointed" face now.
Why would someone start with one stated position then move to another if they only ever believed the second one? I mean, I'm willing to believe a lot of political machination goes on, but I can't imagine why someone who wanted to stay in the EU would start out promoting leaving?
\&gt; Actually enacting the things we vote for would be a good start. Helps if you don't promise things that were never achievable in the real world. Still, I'm sure we'll keep searching for those unicorns for a while longer yet.
Fair enough - I just think it's a fairly common Brexiter trope that any way in which Brexit is not successful must be down to people failing to get it right, rather than considering that Brexit itself is the problem.
&gt; Populism is not inherently bad I'm not sure I agree with this; populism gives simple answers to complex problems, and is therefore a way that undeserving politicians can buy cheap votes at the expense of politicians who are responsible and create credible solutions to problems. &gt; I'd prefer Johnson cause Hunt has ruined the NHS, and that's tangible If you think Hunt ruined the NHS you want to wait and see what Brexit is going do to it. Spoiler: it doesn't get £350m extra a week.
I don't want a 'serious introspective discussion' with Corbynites. I want them and their deeply unpopular brand of old-school socialism moved on quickly so that we might have a Labour party capable of being elected.
Every time I hear Labour supporters talking about 'vote share' I know they're still not facing up to reality. It's like a football team talking about goal difference whilst bottom of the league.
&gt;The policies are popular, we know that Please stop with this line.
&gt;the architects of austerity Incredible the level of influence people now attribute to the Lib Dems in coalition. However much you think they enabled austerity it's ridiculous to say they were the architects of it. Edit: sorry, my mis-reading. Ignore me.
He's always been very vocally opposed to Brexit - to the extent that he voted against the referendum and against triggering Article 50. He's my local MP and got my vote in 2017 because he promised to oppose Brexit no matter what (one of the reasons that it fucks me off a treat where people claim every Labour vote in 2017 as a pro-Brexit vote). I reckon once it's clear that Brexit was a shit idea this will be very much in his favour, but right now I think it'd be used against him.
&gt;Nationalising the railways will probably stick around after Corbyn is gone. Why is this such a touchstone for Corbyn supporters? I'd be surprised if it made it anywhere near the top 10 of things the electorate gives a shit about. I remember British Rail and nothing about that makes me want the railways nationalised.
Of all the things that create anger and division I'd put The Sun somewhere pretty near the top.
You're making out like either the policies were wrong or the people promoting them weren't up to the job; personally I'd say it was both. You've also got to ask yourself not only whether a policy is popular but also whether it's important to people. If you were to ask people for their top 10 priorities how many do you think would put rail nationalisation in there?
&gt;They shall own what comes next as much as the tories. My fucking arse will we.
This is pointlessly irrelevant at this point. What does he want, Facebook likes or something? He won his vote and now him and his fucking cronies will strip away our rights and drive us towards an uncertain economic future and whether we're "friends" or not won't make a shred of difference. He has his mandate, now he has to deliver what he promised. I think it'll be fucking shite but I'm sure going to enjoy the schadenfraude of knowing it wasn't my stupid idea.
&gt; I mean, labour just lost the last election because corbyns history finally cut through the fog and the whole brexit thing, the right in general and the right in labour are using it as a big excuse to hammer the left. Fair enough as a tactic, but total bilge as a reality. Christ, you've just learned nothing at all have you.
I didn't mean me personally, obviously.
What that tells me is that even when Corbyn was at his most popular socialism still couldn't get above 40%. In some cases this could be enough to win a general election, but the other problem with Corbynism is that it pushes just as many votes into the arms of Tories as it attracts to Labour.
I'm not sure where this narrative that Northerners only vote for other Northerners has come from. Personally I vote for whoever is most worthy of my vote and I don't give a shit where they're from.
Nonsense. Brexit will happen on Johnson's watch and the outcome of it will be his to own; the question is whether it will go well or go badly. If it goes well then it won't be a major talking point at the next election anyway. If, however, it ends up being a fucking mess then Starmer would be the perfect person to skewer Johnson for it. Let's not forget, just about every credible economist still thinks Brexit will be a bad thing, so let's see how pro-Brexit the voting public is after seeing their living standards fall for a few years. It could easily go like Iraq where those associated with Brexit suddenly become an electoral liability and those who opposed it can make political capital of having done so.
What, in the election that Labour lost????
'Get real' about what? You're telling me that the high water mark for socialism is an election that Labour \*lost\*.
I don't in any way wish socialism was unpopular, and you've entirely got me wrong if that's what you think. I wouldn't even say that left-wing policies are unpopular. But I think the Labour party's particular brand of socialism has its priorities all wrong, and for that reason it's not attracting the votes that it could and never will unless it dramatically re-brands itself. Yes - Corbyn is deeply unpopular and he's the main reason why Labour have done badly in recent years - but it's not just him, Socialism in general in the UK has an image problem - Corbyn was just the embodiment of that: it clings to out-dated tropes like hating Thatcher and sanctifying Miners and other traditional working-class or public-sector or heavily unionised roles as if they're more noble and laudable than other professions, it emphasises class warfare, seeks to divide the world into simplistic and out-dated pigeon-holes of workers and oppressors, and sees enterprise as untrustworthy. Too many Labour types call each other 'comrade' and talk about 'solidarity' and sing the Red Flag at Labour party meetings as if they're playing revolutionaries fighting actual Fascists in the Spanish Civil War. The focus on Palestine is almost obsessive, as if it's the only source of unjustice in the world, which is the main source of the anti-semitism problem. Corbynism almost comes across a caricature of 1970s Socialism like Citizen Smith made real. All of these things just come across as a massive turn-off for the electorate. I also don't know why Socialism has to insist on mass nationalisations either; yes - vital services should absolutely be protected and not subject to rampant profit motives - but do I think the government would do a better job of running rail, broadband or utilities? Nope, not at all. They should be heavily protected and regulated, sure - but nationalisation is rarely a simple answer to any problem and I don't trust anyone who tries to assert it's that simple. I think what people would vote for: fairness, equality and a tax system that supports good health, education, policing, defence and other public services. A government that genuinely commits to helping the poorest and most vulnerable in society and who sees homelessness and food-banks as a stain on a rich nation like ours. A government that encourages private enterprise to flourish but regulates heavily to ensure that rampant profit-making is used for the public good rather than just lining the pockets of the already-rich. But Labour have to drop this old-school caricature of socialism and its anachronistic touchstones to find a version of it that actually engages the electorate and breaks through that 40% ceiling.
It's useful to know, but remember it's a framework to guide your thinking rather than a handbook for how to do architecture - so treat it as advice but remember that every organisation and IT estate is different so always adapt its teachings to fit with the operational/organisational structure and particular needs/challenges of your organisation rather than sticking to it religiously. Me and my team tend to use it as a good aide-memoire or reference material to help explain why we work in the way we do and why we believe this makes our output credible and follows best practice - but we also deviate from it regularly and do what we think works best for our organisation.
Big 'if'.
That's not the point. The point is that Corbyn calling for anything at all is a nonsense when his credibility is shot and he's only still there to keep the seat warm - and many of us think he shouldn't even be there at all by now. Reminds me of Monty Python's Black Knight saying "alright - we'll call it a draw" having just had all his limbs hacked off.
This was never a realistic option. The issue was always that Corbyn failed to unite others behind him and so ended up having to come up with a fudge in an attempt to please everyone but that pleased no-one. Because he couldn't unite his party behind him he was unable to take a consistent position without alienating half of his support, and because he was so toxic to anyone outside the Labour bubble the other opposition parties didn't want to go near him. Ultimately this is what prevented any concerted effort to create a credible middle ground. Contrast this with Johnson who booted dissenting voices out of the party, stole a march on Farage's turf and ballsed it out with simplistic phrases. I fucking hate Johnson but his willingness to play the game and determination to see off the challenge of dissenting voices in his own party was in direct contrast to Corbyn who prevaricated for years and represented an utter failure of leadership.
Please Labour, stop Corbyn opening his trap any longer if there's to be any hope of not ending up with a Tory government in 2024-2029 as well.
&gt;The reason labour lost the election was because of their stance on Brexit not leadership. And your evidence for this assertion is...? If you ask me the stance on Brexit was a symptom of the weak leadership.
I've been on that kind of salary for even longer and I've got no personal savings, because I plough all my spare money into paying off my mortgage. Of all the things you could pick up Jess Phillips on, this seems like a particularly pointless one.
Yep. I was too young to vote by a fortnight.
Working class absolutely does not mean 'everyone who earns a wage'.
Don't be ridiculous. Jacob Rees-Mogg earns a wage, is he working class?
Anyone could have seen this. Johnson gave away his majority on day one and made himself a lame duck. They had him in a straitjacket of his own making and let him out of it.
Christ, does every Labour campaign have to start with some kind of reference to Thatcher? I mean I hated her too but FFS move on, it's 3 decades since she was in power. Labour need to show they're fighting the battles of the 2020s not replaying the battles of the 1980s.
&gt;I personally think the only person who stands any chance at beating Tories next go rpund is Ian Lavery. You're not serious?
This made me proper LOL.
&gt;Is it just me, but does most of this video seem like an old documentary about some bygone kitchen-sink era from decades ago? In fairness it was about showing his credentials as someone who has stood up for the little guy throughout his career, so that does require going back over several decades. Although the fact that Thatcher still has to feature in every Labour leadership campaign video depresses me.
If you think any Lib Dem leader would have done different you're mad. Lib Dem support is largely either centre-right who'd never allow their vote to be used to give Corbyn power, or centre-left who mostly abandoned Labour because of Corbyn so again wouldn't allow their vote to be used to put Corbyn into power. I hate this suggestion from Labour supporters that the Lib Dems should just hand their votes to Labour whenever they're needed. If I wanted Corbyn in power I'd have voted Labour.
Well done on putting those words into my mouth. Always a pleasure to have Corbynites telling me what I think and what's wrong about it.
...and once again that view from Corbyn supporters that either you support him or you're a Tory. Yaaawn.
&gt; The bit where they jumped at the election, walking directly into a trap so fucking obvious that Admiral Ackbar would be ashamed to have missed. Well there's a re-writing of history if ever I saw one. &gt; If only there were some other parties who were willing to support a second referendum LDs spent years trying to work with Corbyn on Brexit and finally gave up trying. He was always the biggest blocker of any pro-Remain cause. Given that he couldn't even state where his support would lie in a second referendum, or what this mythical 'jobs first' Brexit that he would negotiate would look like, is it any surprise at all that Remain supporters lost faith in him? &gt; a vote of confidence in Corbyn And as I've tried to explain but you seem determined not to hear: allying with Corbyn would have been the end of the LDs. Corbyn is toxic to everyone outside the Labour bubble; perhaps you still don't realise that. If Swinson had put Corbyn into number 10 even just for a day the LDs would have been even more crucified than they were for their time in coalition.
&gt; Nah mate, just a writing of it. The election was going to happen because the SNP were willing to back Johnson's bill to bypass the FTPA. LDs' dozen or so MPs had nothing to do with it, however much you'd love to claim they did. &gt; Oh, wait, the exact opposite happened and he compromised Corbyn was eventually forced by his party to change tack because Labour was haemorrhaging pro-Remain support to the LDs. The compromise he came up with was weak and reluctant, and the opposite of what a credible leader would have done; nobody trusted him to actually stand up for pro-Remain voices. Too little, too late. &gt; Who honestly gives a shit? Let everyone campaign as they want, who cares if one guy remains impartial. *One guy*? You mean the potential Prime Minister? That's not *one guy*. Decisive leadership does not just go "I dunno, you tell me what you reckon...". Clearly the electorate cares, since they didn't buy it for a minute. &gt; Man who isn't PM can't lay out what agreements he's achieved as PM in a negotiation, news at eleven. Man who can't even articulate what the fuck a 'jobs first Brexit' is campaigns for a 'jobs first Brexit'. Meaningless waffle designed to do nothing but obfuscate because the leader couldn't lead his way out of a paper bag. &gt; Once again thank you for going mask off and admitting it isn't really about Brexit policy or any of the other myriad excuses the lib dems cooked up, but instead it's about the lib dems putting party before country and not caring about their central pledge to the public if it meant any actual sacrifice on their part. Stop with this childish line. Corbyn was never a credible candidate to lead any pro-Remain fight-back, and the LDs realised that long ago. The only ones who don't realise that are the ones inside the Labour bubble who still don't seem to get that Corbyn and his cronies have been massively rejected by the electorate. What the LDs did was see the train wreck coming and make sure they weren't tainted by it. Lose the battle, win the war. If Labour carry on trying to force Corbynism on the electorate there's still a reasonable chance a resurgent LDs will become the opposition the country needs.
&gt;they will just push a "betrayal" narrative and blame anyone who opposes them It doesn't work like that. If you have a parliamentary majority, the opposition can - and indeed should - point out the flaws in government proposals, but it can't stop them from happening unless members of the government start to rebel against their own party. So it's hard to see how any opposition party could be charged with ruining anything - this will be entirely on Johnson's government.
When did the Europhobes ever 'make peace' with the 1975 referendum? Brexit is a shit idea, full stop. If another country wanted to impose economic sanctions on us they couldn't do a better job of it than we are doing to ourselves.
If Brexit is half as shit as it might be, and people realise that the promises of the Leave campaign were all hot air, then it could very well become a hot topic again.
&gt;Part of the reason Corbyn's approval ratings dropped was because of the second referendum policy though Labour's poll ratings were nose-diving *before* they announced a second referendum. After that they stabilised and grew. See [this](https://www.theguardian.com/politics/ng-interactive/2019/dec/11/election-opinion-polls-uk-2019-latest-poll-tracker-tories-labour) poll tracker and you can watch Labour's polling plummetting in the first half of the year corresponding with an exact up-turn in Lib Dem polling as remainers abandoned Labour for LDs. Once the second referendum policy is announced in July the decline halts and then turns upwards - again, directly in correlation with a fall in Lib Dem support.
Grifters gonna grift.
&gt;It should have been clear on the morning of the 13th December that the remain argument was over The *argument* isn't over at all. The power to influence the outcome is over, for now at least, and I accept that Johnson now has the mandate to carry out his fucking idiotic bullshit policy to the absolute detriment of the country. That doesn't mean any of us have to now believe it's anything other than a shit idea.
The long-term impact of just about anything is fairly minor, if you make 'long-term' long enough. That doesn't mean it's not a shit idea or that people won't turn against it. Remember, it's not about taking rabid Brexiters and making them fall in love the EU, it's making them go a little quieter while the more passive EU supporters start to find their voice again; we've consistently seen support for Brexit falling since the referendum, and while just about anyone would now accept it's going to happen that doesn't mean they think it's suddenly a good idea. All it needs is for a more pro-EU stance to start being a vote-winner in polling leading up to future elections and suddenly all things are possible. I know Brexit won't be a total catastrophe for the country, but it's still an utterly shit idea. If another country wanted to impose economic sanctions upon us they couldn't do a better job than we are doing to ourselves.
&gt;Well I hope you enjoy your I told you so, I just doubt anyone will want to listen to you tell it. There's no part of Brexit that I have enjoyed or ever will enjoy, and I know there's no value in 'I told you so'. But my children will now grow up in a poorer country with fewer rights and fewer opportunities, and if you think I'm going to forget that when parties want my vote in future you can forget it. &gt; There were good reasons not to go to war in Iraq, probably the right reasons, but anyone who goes round arguing about it now is a twit That may be your opinion yet plenty of people would disagree that reminding others of what a bad outcome for the country that was is a 'twit'. It's not about seeking to haul Tony Blair into court now (well, for some people it is), but it's making really fucking sure we don't do anything that stupid again in future - and for that you can be thankful since we are far less hawkish about launching ourselves into stupid wars at America's behest than we used to be. So who knows - maybe if Brexit turns out to be total shit and a bunch of us remain determined to hold the liars to account for it, we might choose not to do something so utterly fucking stupid again in the future?
I entirely disagree. The public expects a reaction and they're not seeing it. Keeping Corbyn at the dispatch box for another 4 fucking months after he was so roundly rejected by the electorate is just awful PR.
If Labour had taken the message from the election that they should have taken, they wouldn't have let Corbyn represent them as leader for one minute longer. Doing so for *4 fucking months* after the election just tells all their alienated voters that they've still not grasped the extent to which Corbyn has been an utter disaster for them.
What could Labour be doing of any value around Brexit right now? As for Iran/Trump, Corbyn's already put out his standard anti-American tweet, still not realising that whilst we might all hate Trump and not trust the US much right now that most people really don't like his brand of West-hating which just maintains the 'terrorist sympathiser' line. Labour, in my honest opinion, are in a fight for their continued existence as a major party if they can't start to put some serious fucking distance between themselves and Corbyn.
&gt; Corbyns done, time to move on Well that's kinda my point. &gt; The parties going nowhere And that's also kinda my point too. &gt; In the mean time the media and this sub can continue to stick it Corbyn instead of focusing on the actual people in govt Yes - this too is also my point.
I don't have a crystal ball, but like you I've also seen a lot of elections and I remember 1983 well enough to see that Labour have a long route back to electability. From 1983 it took 14 years, and if we have a combination of Brexit plus 14 years of Tory government to look forward to I'd genuinely consider emigrating. I don't think Labour have even remotely realised how far away they are from where they need to be.
Sorry, I thought you were worth trying to have a reasoned, grown-up debate with. My mistake.
I don't know anyone who thinks the GPs themselves are the ones who need to be criticised. The complaints are aimed at the kind of appointment booking systems that are like some kind of 'fastest finger first' test to get an appointment.
Yeah, if only we had an endless stream of Oxbridge graduates and public school boys running Labour, then it'd be OK. I'm no fan of RLB but this is a pathetic reason to dismiss someone.
Who gives a flying fuck? John Major didn't even go to university. About time this country stopped believing we're all subservient to Oxbridge graduates.
Well that's bollocks. The move to a second ref was a response to Labour having *already* nose-dived in the polls - see [here](https://www.theguardian.com/politics/ng-interactive/2019/dec/11/election-opinion-polls-uk-2019-latest-poll-tracker-tories-labour) for a poll tracker that shows very clearly a significant shift of Labour support moving to Lib Dems between March and June. By the time they announced the second ref policy in July they were already behind the Lib Dems in some polls. Then look at what happens after July - steady for a while then rising again leading up to the election with an identical fall in support for the Lib Dems. The reason Labour still got destroyed is that enough Remainers had already lost all faith in him leading any credible Remain fight-back and either stuck with the Lib Dems or just didn't bother to turn out at all.
But the outcome is the same, irrespective of whether you deem their reasons worthy enough for you or not: Labour are out of power and the Tories are rampant. You're like some hipster coffee shop owner bleating about how your coffee is more sustainable than Starbucks and blaming your customers when you go out of business because they didn't make the 'right' choice and went to the Starbucks instead. So please, for the sake of the Labour party, get the fuck over yourself as to whether people's reasons for not voting for Corbyn were 'legitimate' or not when your opinion on the subject is completely irrelevant.
Apology accepted. You could say Corbyn's fall from 2017 to 2019 was down to a relentless press smearing, but I'd say it was actually just the public watching him in action (or lack of action...) for another 2 years during which time they realised he's just a waste of space. In 2017 a lot of us saw Theresa May push for a hard Brexit and put our faith in Corbyn to temper the Tory Brexit; however, as it became increasingly clear that Brexit was a shit-show and a half-decent oppostion would have been skewering May on a daily basis and exploiting the rampant Tory divisions, Corbyn was frankly useless. Whether you supported Leave or Remain there's no doubt that May was a disaster and her party were utterly divided and yet as leader of the opposition it felt to me like day after day he just utterly failed to hold her to account for the shambles. Labour should have been destroying the Tories but just somehow never actually seemed to manage it. In 2017 I was sceptical that he was the right leader for Labour but still willing to give Labour my vote, mainly as I like my local MP. Within a year of that I felt that Corbyn was utterly hopeless and incompetent, at a time when the UK needed a strong opposition like never before. I also think his brand of old-school socialism never sells well with the public at the best of times, and some of the policy announcements (such as nationalising broadband) were so poorly thought-through that I didn't even have any faith that his government would be anything other than a total shambles. Add to this the fact that I literally never read the tabloid press, so whatever smearing they're doing it's not cutting through with me. So now, when I look at the likes of Seumas Milne still there pulling the strings, I fear for Labour's future; the idea that the next leader will continue Corbynism could leave Labour out of power for 20 years.
Fingers in the ears and go LALALALALA!
Sure, and students at Manchester Met are taught to do that just as they are at other unis. In many cases the former polys are overtaking their more established rivals as they're more willing to adapt to the future.
I can't tell whether you're saying that's a good thing or a bad thing.
For an intellectual the degree is neither here nor there - as you say, the journey is life-long, the degree is just a few years during which your levels of intellect are validated for a brief period.
I think OP means electable by the electorate, not by the Labour membership.
Test cricket is a far more strategic game than any other sport I can think of. There are so many variables that influence the game and over the course of 5 days they are all changing in ways that can favour one team or other and the decisions made by the captains and the players can make huge differences. It's also a massively psychological game; a lot of it is about ability to absorb/withstand pressure or generate pressure where there has been none; in something like a game of football these kind of aspects just aren't really given the time to develop and mature over the course of a match. Test cricket is rarely a 'foreground' activity for spectators so much as a 'background' activity; even when I have an entire day free to watch test cricket I'm usually also reading things or doing the ironing or other stuff as well; most of us get into Test Cricket because we go along with some mates to a match and sit drinking beer in the sun, so you often start out seeing it like a boozy picnic in which there's some sport going on in the background, and increasingly you learn the sport and realise that's actually worth going for even without the beer. You just can't treat it like you'd treat most other sports; if you're looking for 90 minutes of fast-paced action that you can't take your eyes off then go for something else. I'm also a big football (soccer) fan but my enjoyment of that is completely different to my enjoyment of test cricket - they're entirely different sports.
Absolutely loving the butt-hurt coming from the tabloids about this. "B-b-b-but you can't just quit! How are we supposed to sell our shit-rags now?"
Are you equating having decades' worth of skeletons in your closet with having charisma like they're mutually exclusive?
I wonder whose fault it will be this time when he caves in again? I suggest all keen Brexiters start practising their 'disappointed' face now.
&gt;In the GE of 2017, 80% of the MPs were elected on party manifestos that promised to respect the result of the referendum. Half of them then went to parliament and tried to stop brexit from happening. This is worse than lying, its practically treason. Just because you agree to support an outcome it doesn't mean you will support *literally any means* to achieve that outcome. Theresa May's deal was fucking dire and was voted down almost unanimously by Remainers and Brexiters alike, so why don't you tell me which specific vote cast by which MP is tantamount to 'treason' in your eyes - was it the ones that voted for May's deal or the ones that voted against it? Or perhaps stop being such a fucking drama queen?
&gt; They’ll get even more access now How on earth do you figure that? You think they've stepped back from the Royal family to spend *more* time with the press?? The press are butt-hurt because as Royals they could legitimately follow them everywhere and hound them all day. Now, they'll take themselves off to live in Canada behind large fences and retreat from the public eye, and the shitty tabloids are crying about it because one of their primary sources of shitty gossip that shifts papers has removed themselves from their reach.
But nobody stood on that platform, either in the referendum or the 2017 election. So why are you any less treasonous for pursuing a course that nobody offered?
Right, and once again: respecting the result does not mean blindly supporting any means of achieving that result however shit. Just because people vote for a cut in income tax doesn't mean they want you to sell the fucking Isle of Wight to the French to fund it. And let's not forget, the Brexit that people voted for promised many wonderful things that were absolutely not in May's deal or any other deal put before Parliament to vote on. So, again, why are you criticising MPs for voting down a deal that you yourself say you'd have voted against? Why are you criticising them for voting against no deal when that was never promised to anyone at any point?
Haha. Do you actually believe this? That the opposition party is treasonous if it opposes the government's legislation, however badly it's being enacted? Whilst also saying yourself that you'd have opposed it too? Nothing like being lectured on democracy by people who don't have a fucking clue how it works.
Maybe Farage should have turned up to represent the UK's fishing interests when he was supposed to.
What, you mean the Nick Clegg that is no longer a representative of the Lib Dems? That one?
Two things in response: Firstly, it'll never happen because it's completely unworkable. Secondly, it's very much the thin end of the wedge: who decides what content is 'appropriate'? Do we decide that because something might offend some religious groups it has to become censored? What if the government decides that websites promoting a LGBT lifestyle or helping women get abortions are 'inappropriate' - we all OK with that? What if the government decides that potential 'propaganda' from political opponents is 'inappropriate' too? What if every time you turn off the censorship your name gets added to a list?
&gt; How on earth do you get from 'don't show extreme pornography to children' to banning political opponents? It's really not difficult to understand: if someone in government is charged with deciding what is 'acceptable' content to view versus what isn't, there is a huge amount of subjective morality in that which could very easily involve them massively over-stepping the mark. What would you personally class as 'extreme' pornography? And anyone who wants to find a way round this will do so very easily. Chances are then they're also going to some far more sinister places in far more untraceable ways than if you just let them access Pornhub.
&gt; It would have made no difference whatsoever. Well, if he'd actually tried to change it from within and then failed, for starters he'd have had a much more convincing argument than just 'I didn't bother going because there's no point trying'. &gt;Our interests were better represented via an act of protest, and Farage’s salary was better utilised on other matters Except he still took his salary, no? Nice to see that he's consistent at least - the freedom fighter who has a habit of championing causes that have really well-paid jobs or shady billionaires attached. A true Che Guevara for our times. &gt; These are the steps that have led to the potential restoration of fishing rights in UK territories How's that working out so far then? 'Potential' clearly the operative word here. &gt; Turning up would have achieved nothing but to cause you the need to find something else to direct your frustration at. And leaving the EU will do nothing but cause you to find something else to direct your frustration at - particularly when our fishing industry sees no benefit whatsoever.
The blocks are easily got round by anyone who wants to get round them. And when they put in the effort to do that - just like the kid who buys weed off a dodgy dealer in a crack den rather than from a licensed shop - you're pushing them more and more into places where they'll learn a fuck of a lot more bad behaviours like using TOR or VPNs or knowing how to find the sites that have evaded the block, and suddenly you've got a generation of kids who all know exactly how to evade any online scrutiny and will share that information like wildfire. It's like the argument about alcohol - if my kids are going to drink I'd rather they drank my beer in our house rather than try to ban them from it altogether.
What you've done there is just make a load of completely subjective statements with absolutely nothing to back them up. "there is no chance he could have single handedly overturned the CFP" - says who, you? Ten years ago you'd have said there's no way he could single-handedly force Brexit. "he was doing the job" - well no, objectively he wasn't doing the job at all. "he was taking the salary, and justifiably so" - justifiable by who, you? I don't think that's justifiable at all. Still, you seem like you've really convinced yourself at least.
Right, but again you're conflating the result/outcome with the means of achieving it. Why are you saying MPs tried to overturn the result, when the only tangible thing they did was vote against Theresa May's deal - the same as multiple Brexiters? Who are you to say what the 'correct' means to deliver Brexit was? And you do realise that it's only the actual party in government that has a duty to deliver its manifesto, right? You think losing parties still have to stick to delivering their losing manifesto?
When did the UK last elect a socialist government?
Well said. And stop using 'comrade', 'solidarity' and singing the Red Flag like you're student revolutionaries. Stop talking about Thatcher, Miners and Orgreave. Stop talking about Palestine like the Palestinians are the only oppressed people in the world, and while you're at it, stop trying to divide the world into oppressor and oppressed full stop. And FFS don't proudly wave Mao's Little Red Book in the Commons (I recall my literal facepalm at that).
There's only one stat that should interest Labour voters, which goes: Election results 2010-2019: Lost, lost, lost, lost. Looking at literally any other stat is like football fans talking about how they had more shots on target than last time out as they lose their 4th games running, this one by the biggest margin in living memory.
You can't tell? If socialist policies were popular, you'd expect to see parties promoting them regularly being put into power by the UK electorate, wouldn't you? And if the problems in 2019 were just Corbyn and Brexit then prior to 2015 when they weren't factors, the UK electorate would have regularly elected socialist governments, right? So..... if the policies are so popular, where are the socialist governments?
Well you can't really prove a negative, but I'm sure to prove your point you'll be able to tell me a country that has successfully been able to prevent people accessing porn on the internet?
I think you've got me all wrong: I do like left-wing policies and up until 2019 voted Labour in every GE since 1992, so if I'm biased it's towards Labour, not against it. I just know that the country as a whole is at best distrustful of socialism, as evidenced by the fact that they haven't voted in an overtly socialist government in 50 years.
&gt;Objectively he was doing the job required of him as an MEP No he wasn't; he was elected to represent the UK's interests which he failed to do. Effectively what he did was go on strike by refusing to do the job he was being paid to do, and usually if you go on strike you stop taking your salary, and yet as we know Farage is no martyr for the cause and his favourite causes also coincidentally happen to be the ones where he can trouser the most money for the least effort. &gt; he was unable to persuade the other member states that it would be in their interests to surrender their access to UK fishing waters He never even tried because he never even fucking well turned up. And when he did deign to show his face it was usually to insult them with such great repartee as "You've never worked a day in your lives" (says the man pocketing a salary for nothing). Funny that this didn't make them all bow down before him isn't it? &gt; So objectively, your assurance that his vote on fishing rights would have been anything other than a complete waste of time is bollocks "No U". What a waste of time it is trying to debate with you.
&gt; You’ve stated that it’s unworkable, that’s explicitly saying it’s not possible to do. Well yeah, that's because it's not. You understand how the internet works, right? For it to be possible someone would have to explain how they would do it, which nobody has managed to do. &gt; Whether it’s been done successfully in the past or not is irrelevant to whether it can or can’t actually be done. Er... OK bud, whatever you say. I mean, I'd have thought that for all the people wanting to do this someone would have cracked it by now?
Right, but that's a bit like saying that you are in no position to state as a fact that my pen doesn't keep space aliens away.
I voted Lib Dem this time around, for the first time ever - with a heavy heart I might add, not least because I like my Labour MP. But I also feel very let down by Labour as I've never felt them be so far from being electable, and that means we've now all got to suffer 5 more years Tory government. And sorry - where in my post history are the comments you think worthy of a lib dem party political broadcast? And why the fuck do you feel the need to go through my comment history anyway? Always strikes me as a bit desperate.
Then you'd know if you were paying attention I'm not particularly a Lib Dem. I don't like the Tories and I fucking hate Brexit, but I also think Corbyn is about the worst thing to happen to Labour in my lifetime. Was a toss-up between Lib Dems and Greens for me at the election, but I thought a Green vote really would have been a waste. As it is I'm in a safe Labour seat anyway.
You don't have to, but you can be sure it's the sort of thing the tabloid press would absolutely seize upon as evidence of hating your country. It looms large in the British cultural identity, so it's certainly difficult to separate the two.
&gt;Brexit getting done Unbelievable that people actually think voting through the withdrawal agreement is Brexit 'getting done'.
Brilliant argument you used to totally destroy the guy there.
&gt;If you can't afford a train ticket to London even on the slow train and booked in advance, or even a coach journey there, you 100% can't afford to move there. Anyone recruiting who doesn't give a shit about the costs or inconvenience they will cause their potential candidates is off to a bad start.
Because you don't live there now but would if you had a job there?
Are all the jobs London-based?
It's about whether you would take the gamble of £100 in travel costs and taking a day's holiday just to find out more about a job. I might take that gamble for an interview but not just a job fair. What this will do is just encourage interest from those already living in the Southeast. Yeah, they'll still have a lot of applicants. But if they have 1000 instead of 3000 then they're looking for talent in a much smaller pool. and will definitely miss out on good people; a smart recruiter finds ways to get the 3000 applicants not the 1000.
What, Rejoin? Hasn't even started mate.
&gt;no majority That rather depends where the other 10% goes doesn't it. 42% is higher than 38%, so if the other 10% don't know or don't care then that'd be a win for Rejoin, no? If I were to ever live to see Brexit not actually being a shit-show maybe *then* I'll give up. And that means it making up for us having fewer rights and opportunities, likely break-up of the UK, £100bn+ already lost to the exchequer.... it's gonna have to be fucking mind-blowing to start to repair the damage it's already done.
&gt;Uh, the other 20% Oh yeah.. :-D
So there's no remote working in their IT department?
The difference between being in an office in central London 5 days a week and allowing regular working from home is huge. If you expect the former then your talent pool has a 20 mile radius whereas if you consider people who are only physically in the office 2 days a week you broaden it to a 100-mile radius. Just shows a lack of imagination to me.
Bloke over on WACCOE claiming that the deal for Adams is agreed and the medical booked in.
That was as much to do with it just being a certain outcome rather than a hung parliament; if there's one thing the markets hate it's uncertainty.
&gt;I think it's very important within the party at the moment to have the stability that Jeremy's providing Stability?? The same 'stability' that has just brought about another 5 years of Tory government? The only 'stability' his presence provides is the certainty of being in opposition. Every day longer he is there the Labour party fails to start the long climb back to electability.
What is this nonsense? Where do you think people get their earnings from?
So what the fuck was the point?
&gt;I really cannot see a lot peoples standard of living is being 'ruined'. I don't see the evidence for that. If the government wants to spend money on the country then they borrow it. That's a bizarre answer. "Don't worry if you're getting poorer, just borrow more money"? Yeah, can't see *any* problems with that.....
&gt;the members all have people representing their best interests. Well, most of them do. Unfortunately we had Farage, trousering his salary whilst failing to turn up.
If you mean people don't always understand macro-economics then yeah, I agree. But I don't agree they're not affected by it.
&gt;If your heart is in the EU, no one is stopping you from learning FR/DE/ES and relocating across the border. This is a nonsense argument. I am British, my entire life is in Britain and I love Britain (because, contrary to popular belief, Brexiters don't have a monopoly on patriotism). What I want is Britain to be successful and work closely with its allies and nearest neighbours for the mutual benefit of all, not retreat behind its borders and try to keep the forrins out and fuck the consequences. So tell me how me going to live in Spain deals with any of that?
I'd love for that to be true; the only question is whether what replaces them will actually be worse. People will always have base instincts and some rabble-rouser will always pander to them.
And these are the people we are relying on to rebuild our international trade and reputation. Maybe they could try to organise a piss-up in a brewery next? Might be more their level.
\+1 for this idea. Most cats would rather be left at home with someone popping in for half an hour each day - we now do this every time.
That Leeds want this to happen seems clear enough, but there's absolutely nothing at all from Hull to suggest that they are keen to make this happen. Going to be another Che Adams where we all get excited and then fuck all happens.
It's nearer 3 years already and probably well over that by the time this might actually happen. I'm with you - all this 'how dare they!' nonsense is a bit OTT.
Really living up to your flair there I see.
I'm completely baffled at the way Labour have looked at how all their working-class voters have just voted in the most Southern, privileged, Old Etonian, old-money, upper-class, multiple-strange-middle-names twit as Prime Minister and decided that the only person who can win that working class vote back is some kind of working-class hero. It's fucking bollocks. It's also bollocks that they have to be Northern too. And while we're at it, just so we're all clear - 'Northern' and 'working class' are not the same thing so stop fucking conflating them. I'm Northern and my up-bringing was the epitome of middle class. I had piano lessons and holidays in France and everything.
Johnson doesn't give a fuck. As always, his MO involves getting gullible fuckwits to vote for him, and worrying about the rest later. He's good for 5 years of this shit now. I really hope the day comes when people stop falling for dumb slogans and actually decide to hold him to account.
It's the crushing inevitability of it that stings the most. Like you could write the script for it before the game started. Christ, you could just about write the script for the season before it started. We all *know* how this ends.
&gt;she's a gobby northern lass and will rub people up the wrong way This is not a positive when it comes to choosing a Prime Minister. Yes, we might all like to see her taking on Johnson at the dispatch box at PMQs, but people vote for Prime Ministers that come across as Prime Ministerial, not 'gobby' and not someone who will 'rub people up the wrong way'.
So he has "ordered work to begin on the practicalities of a move". In other words, 6 months from now he'll receive a report back that says "Not practical. Forget it." Just like his garden bridge, his Scotland-NI bridge, his Big Ben bongs and his £350m a week for the NHS - it's another of Johnson's spiffing wheezes that falls directly into the category of "never gonna happen".
I agree they're out of touch with working class Britain. However, there's no way that the Labour membership, or its current voters, are suddenly going to turn populist and start demonising immigrants and saying politically incorrect things like some kind of left-wing UKIP. It's perfectly possible for them to drop the identity politics without having to go to the opposite extreme, and that'd be enough for most people. As for putting a leave voter in charge - like who? Are there even any leave voters anywhere amongst Labour MPs, never mind amongst the candidates? The fact of it is, Brexit will be bad for the very people that Labour claims to support; whatever the current trends Labour need to adopt a stance of "this has to happen because it's what people voted for" but avoid getting into "...and we also think it's a great idea!" It has the potential to be a massive millstone around the neck of Johnson for the next 5 years, not least because it's plainly nonsense that it'll be anything like 'done' this year (and the longer it drags on the more it'll provide the means for Labour to skewer Johnson) - but also because there's every chance that the economic consequences will start to hurt. Labour is at a tricky point: the working classes that needed the kind of movement that gave rise to the Labour party a century ago have very different priorities to today's working classes; for this reason Labour needs to wonder what its purpose is if the 21st-century working class don't want what they're selling. For me, they should focus on a few key themes that they stand for: a sense of fairness, equality of opportunity, strong public services, speaking up against vested interests, and helping those who can't help themselves. But that means losing some of their touchstones; Miners are not automatically more sainted than Deliveroo riders. Palestinians are just one of many oppressed peoples around the world. People aren't looking for 'solidarity' with Venezuela, or anywhere else for that matter. Thatcher is dead and has been for some time now, and nobody cares how much you hated her 40 years ago. People don't want class warfare; for most people outside the Labour bubble or under the age of 40 they don't even know or care what class warfare is. People still want to see reward for effort and not reward for failure, meaning that Labour should be careful about lionising those who are out of work or being over-critical of those who make large amounts of money through their own enterprise. Basically, if Labour wants to pursue left-wing politics it needs a massive overhaul and re-brand and it needs to drop the tired old tropes of socialism. Sorry, I've gone off on a bit of a long old rant there... :-D
Firstly, because the Lords themselves won't want to move. Pretty much all of them will be based in London and the Home Counties, will like the pomp and ceremony of being in the Palace of Westminster which will not be recreated in York. Many of the government's attempts to move departments out of London fall at the first hurdle because somewhere between half and three-quarters of staff refuse to move hundreds of miles away when they could easily walk into another job in London - plenty of precedent for this in both the public and private sector. Secondly, because all the people that the Lords need to interact with will still be in London; there are multiple interactions between the Lords and the Commons, the Civil Service, Whitehall in general. Not to mention the fact that a number of the Lords have their own business interests which will all be in London. Can you imagine Alan Sugar spending a lot of time in York? Thirdly because of the ceremonial aspects like the state opening of Parliament - unchanged for centuries but now you've got to tell the Queen she's doing one speech and state opening in Parliament and then has to take herself off up to York to do it a second time for the Lords. And finally, because the Lords exists to maintain oversight of the Commons; if you move it hundreds of miles away, symbolically at least it will start to raise serious questions about the point of an unelected second chamber at all. Which may be a valid debate, but isn't Johnson's intent.
&gt; York is a historic capital of the UK. No it isn't. It's never been a capital of the UK. It was capital of Northumbria over a thousand years ago if that's what you're thinking of.
What? No.
&gt; It was a historical capital. &gt; It is in the UK. &gt; Therefore "York is a historic capital of the UK" is correct. Hahaha. Loving this amazing piece of logic. &gt; Also, glad that you are focussing on minor details such as that - it proves you haven't a leg to stand on. To be honest I started a longer reply to your considerable gish gallop but then the dog was sick on the carpet and I've only just sat down again from cleaning that up. Suffice to say it's a load of bollocks. Maybe if I have time later I'll do a lengthier reply, but I'm not really sure it's worth spending much time on.
You haven't made any kind of case at all. You talked some shit about 'social cliques' and a load of other pointless counterstances that entirely miss the point. I'm from Leeds, I know the North, so you can stop talking to me like I'm a Londoner thinking the world revolves around London. I know it can work in some circumstances, but this isn't some fucking regional office for an Insurance company, it's the House of Lords. So your comments like "if they want to go elsewhere then fuck 'em" and "that's their problem" just display a fairly fundamental lack of understanding of who the Lords are and how the HoL operates. So by all means rest your case if you think you've made one. I don't think you have.
Yeah, good post. If the unthinkable happens and we blow it again this year then next season will look very different but it needn't be the end of the world; Bielsa might leave and Phillips might be sold, but we would still have a good squad, stable finances (possibly even better than stable if QSI start investing) and should be able to attract a decent manager. We've also still got a good academy who'll continue to provide us with good youngsters.
That's an argument for getting rid of the Lords, not just moving it 200-odd miles North.
Would be completely undemocratic to even try. If you want to do something like that you need to make really fucking clear that's what you intend to do before an election.
What is this fucking nonsense? You think there's some mutual exclusivity here, that because one party under-funded the NHS in any given period that it follows that another party can't also have done so? And where did I say anything like these childish words you're trying to put into my mouth? What are you, an 8-year-old or something? The point - which you seem to be entirely bypassing - is that Johnson promises shit all the time and rarely delivers on any of those promises.
A good Labour leader surely wouldn't need an election pact. It's only that our expectations of Labour have dropped so low in recent years that we think they will need help.
Loving how Brexiters are wanking themselves off over vague predictions from the very experts they've spent years dismissing.
Doesn't mean they aren't also right to say that Brexit will have an overall negative impact. This prediction is based on a smooth transition to a new relationship when it's looking more likely that we're back to no-deal scenarios again with the government saying there'll be no regulatory alignment and only giving us till the end of the year to have it all sewn up - something that nobody credible believes possible. I'd see it that as Brexit takes effect a lot of companies will move in both directions, there will be new investment and there will be opportunities both generated and lost for the UK; during that period there will undoubtedly be times when the UK economy is growing faster than the Eurozone and vice versa, but when the dust settles and we see what the future trading relationship will look like it still remains highly unlikely that the UK will be better off than it has been. Just because the EU will also suffer doesn't make this a win either.
&gt;There is literally every incentive in the world for a smooth transition.i have every belief it will happen. Yes, there's the incentive. But given that the government is still tying itself in knots by continuing to create stupid red lines, there's literally every chance that we'll be looking at no deal at the end of the year.
&gt;We were completely wrong about everything Can almost cut the desperation with a knife.
Anyone who didn't work with Corbyn has either already left the party, been sidelined for long enough that they're already an afterthought, or - as we're seeing with Jess Phillips - won't get the votes they need from the members. At the moment, they're all preaching to the Labour membership. Starmer has plenty of opportunity after that to show that he's his own man, and I'd expect that he will quietly start to put some clear distance between himself and Corbyn's leadership once he's talking to the country rather than the Labour membership.
&gt; From a leaver voters point of view things are running a lot more smoothly. I suspect you mean the process of leaving is going more smoothly? Or is there actually something that is now tangibly better than before? &gt; The doomsday prediction Oh come on, there was never a doomsday prediction. Barely anyone credible has ever said Brexit would be an unmitigated catastrophe. 'The doomsday prediction' is just a straw man invented by Brexiters as a device so that anything other than the UK becoming a post-apocalyptic wasteland can be brushed off as 'not as bad as people were saying' and that it was all therefore 'project fear'. &gt;Which like all other remainer predictions will turn out to not be that bad if it happens which it probably won't. And a lot of Brexiters have got positively cocky of late, presumably high on Johnson's swaggering juggernaut of bullshit. Remarkably cocky since we've achieved precisely fuck all so far and the signs are that we're once again tying ourselves up in needless red lines that preclude any sensible outcomes.
Eh? If you stand for the party of Thatcher, with MPs, members and voters who still lionise her, then you are aligning yourself with that legacy. It's not about blaming her personally for Thatcher's actions, but it is about blaiming her for choosing to become part of the party that gave rise to Thatcherism and still largely continues to perpetuate the same ideology today. You don't get to wear a swastika armband but say "It's OK, I was born *after* 1945!"
I didn't "compare Thatcher to Hitler" in the slightest, don't be ridiculous. I made the point that when you align yourself with any political ideology then you adopt the baggage that comes with it.
It's not difficult: the 'how far back do we go' question is very different depending on whether you still live and embody those values versus the opposite - for example expressing regret/remorse, distancing yourself from them, removing their advocates from the party over time or just saying you no longer hold those values. This is why it is hugely symbolic when e.g. the Queen apologises for British atrocities in the past - not because it makes a fucking shred of difference in the real world, but it symbolises that regret has been expressed and for that reason reflects that a learning process has taken place and suggests that such a thing wouldn't happen again. So I see Labour MPs keen to distance themselves from Iraq and expressing regret for it (some more than others). I don't see Tory MPs keen to distance themselves from Thatcher, in fact I see them positively revelling in Thatcherite values. That's why new Tory MPs are still answerable for Thatcherism, Like I say, it's not difficult.
&gt;I imagine many would be accepting of more immigration if it was more skilled/specialised A "points-based immigration system" just means you give points to any profession in short supply - that's not the same as prioritising high-skilled workers. When all our care homes suddenly have a recruiting crisis because all the EU immigrants went home, what do you reckon happens next?
Yeah, once again you're back to saying ridiculous things again. Think we're done here aren't we.
I get a lot of leftovers from the Sunday Roast - I purposefully buy a joint of meat that's too big for the four of us with a plan to have leftovers. So much you can do using the meat from a joint - great for curries, stir-fries, enchiladas etc - and because it's already cooked you can freeze it and cook it straight from the freezer afterwards as well.
Who would believe that a paper whose owner also happens to own a competitor to the BBC would be talking up its demise? Do Sun readers not know they're being played, or do they just not care?
I don't know or care who this prick is but I can only assume his agent has decided that his acting career isn't going so well so being the next Katie Hopkins seems a better gig.
Because you're giving him your money in return for him feeding you his own personal agenda that promotes his own business interests. So while you're reading this you're becoming normalised to ideas that are then picked up by politicians keen to gain Murdoch's favour, meaning that when you listen to those politicians you've already been warmed-up to the idea that the policies they're proposing are in your interests because they 'talk your language' and chime with the opinions that you've been paying to absorb. Scrapping the BBC would have been a laughable idea a generation ago; very few British people used to question its value or its position as a national institution, and overseas it's viewed with huge jealousy as a standard-bearer that most countries can only dream of. Now, after a decade or more of anti-BBC agenda from Murdoch and others like him, we're becoming normalised to the idea that it can't carry on as it is, and plenty of Tory MPs are starting to parrot the attack lines that they're fed. Same as happened with the EU really. Innit funny how Murdoch always seems to get his way in the end?
It's just that in some cases it's more direct and overt than others.
The area between Ipswich Road and Hall Road has a lot of good housing, is easy walking distance to town and yet still comparatively unfashionable and thus inexpensive. Lots round Trafford Road, plus the Trafford Arms is a great pub.
&gt;Heterosexual values, morality and marriage are in the toilet Says who, you? Frankly I'd rather live with 21st century morality than what the church preaches any day.
No, but they do feel justified in judging how non-Christians choose to live their lives. So I'll happily judge them in return.
&gt;The same applies to the modern day blasphemy laws I love the irony of you using the word 'blasphemy' to suggest that non-religious try to control what religious people can say.
I have about as much respect for religion as I do for horoscopes.
Depends how comfortably off you are doesn't it.
&gt;relatively small economic block Hahahaha
Quite right - there were ways that Brexit could have been made far less harmful but it's been a fucking disaster run by utter charlatans from day one.
I don't believe in horoscopes and I don't believe in religion. Both just as made up as each other.
Am I supposed to either know or care what this refers to, and will it convince me that the largest economic bloc in the world is somehow also a "relatively small" economic bloc?
We can trade with the rest of the world now. You're talking as if it's a choice of trading with the EU or the rest of the world, when that's plainly nonsense. Yes, collective bargaining takes longer to set up, but once done it then delivers greater results than trying to negotiate as an individual, so give me the relative hit of it taking slightly longer up front to have the perpetually better state after it any day.
I've spent all week entirely dismissing this as a combination of silly-season reporting and fan desperation latching onto any sniff of a half-decent striker. If this is actually true and he is coming to Leeds it will be fucking awesome.
I'd see if you can actually speak to someone at the club. In my experience even the bigger, more professional clubs will still have a 3rd or 4th XI for the more casual players.
What kind of parallel universe have we entered where the only measure of value for a trade deal now the speed at which it gets agreed? Sounds like saying "yeah my house is small, in a bad area and has dry rot, but I got the purchase through in under a fortnight!"
It's not even that. It's claiming to have the marathon 'done' when you receive confirmation of your place in the London marathon.
&gt;What constitutes "Brexit" being finished for you people? Hahaha - I expect to hear this line a lot in coming years.
&gt;It's deliberately misleading. Except it isn't at all, is it. The difficult bits *are* all still to come, so it's not in the least bit misleading.
Well yeah, it's become important because our government is run by utter charlatans, but it remains the case that the measure of quality for a trade deal is not how fast it got agreed.
How did you draw that conclusion from the article?
Things that are historic and things that are worthy of celebration are not the same.
We do live in the EU. You're trying to deny us the citizenship most of us were born with and the freedoms that come with it.
You can take just about any stat out of context and use it to make any player look good or bad. Che Adams' stats aren't brilliant, nor are Andre Gray's. If a striker had brilliant stats they wouldn't be coming to a Championship club. If you can name a bunch of brilliant strikers who were queuing up to join us who we've overlooked then you might have a point, but I'm not seeing this. Until today we had one solitary, mis-firing striker in our squad, in a season which so far has been characterised by poor finishing. Now we have another option. There's a pretty reasonable chance this could make the difference between automatic promotion and playoffs. That's why people are excited by this.
The coin is harmless. Brexit is not harmless. If you Brexiters think rubbing people's noses in it is a winning strategy then you crack on. Just don't be surprised when it becomes even harder and takes even longer to bring people around to this shit idea - or more likely raises even louder voices in opposition when the effects of Brexit start to bite.
What a witty response! Well done you.
Yeah, totally unlike the Eurosceptics who responded to the considerable mandate to join in 1975 with forty years of bitching about bendy bananas. They were true crusaders.
Who knows, maybe he'll turn out to be a really nice guy who's just having to pretend he's awful to make sure he gets the gig over James Murdoch or anyone else. When Franco died in Spain in 1975 he'd groomed the young Juan Carlos as his successor as fascist dictator, who upon taking power instantly stood down and called for free and fair elections. So you never know.
I couldn't disagree more - the words people use absolutely define them and their politics. Talking about 'solidarity' all the time, calling people 'comrade', all this class warfare bollocks that divides people into workers and oppressors - it's Labour bubble stuff, nobody normal talks like that, most people don't see themselves as fighting class war the whole time and they don't want to - it doesn't help them, it doesn't improve their lot or put food on the table. Every time Corbyn expresses 'solidarity' with someone I just facepalm. All of these traces of actual communist states - the little red star badges, the 'no pasaran' badges, singing the Red Flag at party meetings, supporting Venezuela - these are a massive, massive turn-off for anyone not in the Labour bubble. Labour's brand of socialism is still rooted in the touchstones of the 70s and 80s - still beatifying Miners, still hating Thatcher, still wanting to nationalise the railways, still talking about Palestine all the time - if not actually celebrating some really unpleasant communists from the early-mid-20th century. I truly believe there is room for a government that actually delivers a left-wing manifesto under the right leader - but all these hard left touchstones have got to go, they're completely toxic to the electorate. Socialism needs a massive, massive re-brand if it is ever to pick up the votes needed.
Uh... you do know fewer votes were cast for 'Get Brexit done' parties than the 'do you want to rethink this' options, right?
Why? Is circumspection never a valid exercise? What's that line about those who don't learn the lessons of history?
&gt;that there is enough relevant, non-fallacial, non-malicious, non-misleading information on the issue to come to an informed opinion as to whether it was right or wrong What, so we can have a referendum to make it happen that is based on not enough relevant, non-fallacious, non-malicious, non-misleading information, but now we're not allowed an opinion poll in case people aren't well-enough informed to answer that? Fuck me.
Your argument was that 'the country voted for this'. Demonstrably, it didn't. What you mean is it means fuck all *to you* because you've made your mind up about what you personally think the country voted for.
&gt;Corbyn was at least honest about his own opinions of the EU There's a time and a place for this kind of 'honesty' and it's not when you're a major figurehead for a campaign. You get your trivial grievances out in private, agree a public face for your campaigning and then fucking get behind it. It's a complete failure of leadership to be so fucking half-arsed about something that matters so much.
I'm going to buy one just because when it all turns to shit they'll be worth a fortune.
Fair point, although what I want and what I expect have steadily grown apart over a number of years now, to the point where I can only express what I want with a large degree of in-built cynicism and expected disappointment.
They tried to organise a piss-up in a brewery only to find it had moved to the continent.
Where the fuck did you ever get the idea that remainers "don't care" about Brexit? I think it's the wankest thing ever to happen to my country and I massively fucking care. You think millions marched on the streets to oppose Brexit because they "don't care"? I mean what the fuck are you actually on about?
Who's "flustered and angry" about that? You can all go and play with each others winkies all night for all I fucking care.
And???
This idea that we should "face up to one simple point: we lost" - as if that hasn't been fundamentally fucking evident to every one of us since 2016. I mean this makes it sound like we're all poring over the data going "if only we knew who actually won the referendum!". It's not the point. There's nothing to "face up to" here. Many of us think it's a shit idea, we voted against it, we continue to use our vote against it when given the opportunity because we still think it's a shit idea. None of us - as far as I'm aware - are trying to seize control of power undemocratically. But equally, few of us are suddenly going to discover some kind of zeal for this. The economy will worsen, my kids will now grow up with fewer rights and fewer opportunities, and we are effectively trying to pretend that you can turn back the tide of globalisation. Am I just supposed to completely overlook all of those factors now? Celebrate isolation and new barriers going up? Celebrate the fact that my kids won't be able to do the things I did - work, study and travel freely across Europe? Celebrate holding out in splendid isolation against nations who work together? Celebrate it being harder for businesses to do business? You can't just summon up the great British Blitz spirit when the problems are self-imposed.
Who are you referring to as 'you' here? Me personally? The 'Stop Brexit' man? I've never tried to overturn anything pal. Or does not voting for Brexit-supporting parties count as 'overturning' democracy now?
I don't think anyone has ever disputed the number of votes cast. How voters were influenced maybe, but not that the actual number of votes cast for leave was more than then actual votes cast for Remain.
&gt;I'm a realist who has studied Politics. Hold up everyone... shush, this guy has *studied Politics.* &gt;When people seek votes they lie and bend the truth to try and persuade you to vote for them, at the very least they do not go out of their way to highlight their weaknesses There's a significant difference here: being in the EU was the reality we were already living in - it was a known quantity. The Remain campaign were screwed from the start by virtue of the fact that they couldn't try to flog something unrealistic because we had all already experienced the status quo, leaving their only option to come up with increasingly shrill warnings as to what might happen if we were no longer part of it. That Cameron couldn't spot this obvious bear-trap before offering a referendum is just all the more reason why this shit-show is down to him. Contrast this with the Leave campaign who just got bolder and bolder at making shit up realising that they were unlikely to ever be held to account for their lies. That's the difference here: usually if a politician tells a load of porkies they have 5 years to deal with the fallout or they're out. On this occasion we can only hope that eventually the public become more interested in actually holding our politicians to account than giving them a free pass because they're on their team.
It's the very richest ones who do - the ones with significant wealth that exists largely in tax havens. They can fuck up Britain for personal gain as much as they want knowing that the state of the British exchequer won't do them any harm personally. I've often felt that the best description of Brexit was that the richest 1% persuaded the poorest 50% that it was the 49% of people directly above them that were fucking them over.
&gt;4-0 and Remainers still refuse to admit they've lost lol. Works as a cricket score - i.e. we've just had the first over and the batsman nervously blocked 5 balls before a streaky edge just wide of the first slip that ran down to the boundary for 4. And you want the fielding side to 'admit they've lost' after that one over.
&gt;Darling Fascist Bully-Boy FTFY
This isn't the sum total of all the letters in the UK you numpty, it's just an indicator of people wanting to do their bit to help - you know, like our elected representatives are demonstrably not doing right now.
There are many aspects to technology of which the hardware for 5G is just one, so pointing to one contract that went to a foreign country is somewhat meaningless. Things like fintech and biotech where we are genuine world leaders.
What's so great about them? Most of those are no more complex than doing a car insurance quote online.
It still boils down to taking existing business processes and putting them on a website. When I said UK was great at technology, this wasn't really what I had in mind.
Yeah! Me and the wife both been sneezing and itchy eyes like mad today and yesterday.
Agree with the comments about parking - lived there for about 4 years but in the end moved because of the parking. We had kids while living there and trying to get a new-born and a toddler to and from the car when you have to park 200 yards down the road was just a nightmare. There are houses with driveways, but usually they're on the expensive side and have often sacrificed garden to get that driveway. Better options for me would be the area between Ipswich Road and Hall Road e.g. around Trafford Road - you've got lots of terraces and semis there but the parking is less of a nightmare, you're close to the city and good pubs and will get more for your money. Then if you want to head to Golden Triangle for pubs, shops etc you're only a 10-15 minute walk away.
Apart from anything else, I can't imagine what the security risk is of having our MPs lined up in a big long queue around parliament square. How are they not going to be a massive target for all kinds of nutcases?
....and there's no evidence that a second wave *isn't* coming either. This article just smacks of "if we all believe it'll be fine then surely it will!" to which my response would be: fine, you go out and lick door handles as of now if you want, I'll take my time thanks.
&gt;basically true. ....immediately followed by... &gt;Of course the radical left Fucking LOL.
Have you never heard the line 'never interrupt your enemy when they are making a mistake'? Johnson and co have massively fucked up lately and it's been evident to all. If Starmer leapt in and started slagging them off then it would instantly turn into Labour v Tory and that would have become the story and everyone would have retreated to their defensive positions, but instead he let the story play out with relatively little comment - because none was needed; the general public - even some of the right-wing press - were laying into the government. In times of crisis, just shrieking at the government on a daily basis will not bind people to his cause. Careful, considered criticism at the right times will.
&gt;oh that's a progression opportunity everyone starts at the base and works their way up Man, that one does my head in. Don't put a fucking salary range if you have no intention of going above the bottom end of it.
How do you know they ain't?
Maths, I'd have said, rather than science - but glad you agree that one in 15 people in the UK translates to around 4m people.
What a curiously infantile response. Which bit don't you agree with? The maths? The poll responses? The fact that the Cummings' episode has eroded trust that has led to people ignoring the rules? No need for disaster fantasies when you have disaster reality.
Daily Express looking for any way not to have to criticise the government on their front page.
&gt;He follows the science and it's only science we hear in briefings Errr.. you must have missed the bit where he literally stopped the scientists with him from being allowed to speak when asked for their opinion on his lifting of restrictions. He briefly followed the science until it became politically inconvenient to do so, and then he ditched it.
Yeah, fair point. I didn't really see Johnson's hand in any of that, but in the spirit of him being to blame for anything that goes wrong on his watch I suppose he has to be given some credit for something that goes right on his watch too.
When you put it in context - i.e. that other countries got badly hit before we did meaning we had a couple of weeks' additional warning over Italy and Spain - then it's even worse.
Any answers at all would have been nice. Does it not bother you at all that we have the highest deaths per million in the world? Does that not suggest to you that perhaps it was handled worse here than in other countries?
&gt;If it happens we will deal with it. Yeah, probably in that [famously grown-up way we always do](https://www.standard.co.uk/news/uk/irate-woman-rants-ive-had-to-go-to-burger-king-amid-kfc-shortage-in-hilarious-itv-news-clip-gone-a3771921.html)
&gt;Do the people who were calling for his head even care by now? Yes. &gt;Or are they too busy making rad signs for tomorrow's march? No. Any other childish stereotypes you'd like to peddle?
&gt;This was in the 80's. If you think nothing has changed over the years you're just plain wrong. I don't believe Norwich is any worse (or better) than other parts of the country - having lived in Norwich for a while but also other parts of the UK too. My only meaningful experience of racism is one Hungarian taxi driver who likes to tell people how he won't pick up "the blacks". (I stopped using that company and told them why.)
I cycle to and from work through a bit of parkland - three times in the last year I've nearly garrotted dogs that were on the opposite side of a path from their owners in semi-darkness with the lead pulled taut. One of these delightful owners decided this was my fault and had a go at me for 'not watching where I was going'.
By successfully containing it. If you have successful testing and tracking you can prevent the spread of it until it is down to somewhere near zero. Seeing this now in China, NZ and a few other places, and South Korea have it pretty much contained as well. Yes, if Coronavirus continues to ravage the world for months and years to come then eventually everyone might get it - but far more likely that countries will successfully contain it such that its spread can be limited to very isolated pockets that can be quickly locked down and the virus stamped out, supported by reliable widespread testing. If we'd gone down that route instead of attempting herd immunity we'd be in a much better place now.
I'm not going to take any lessons on which sources to trust from any supporter of this lying, mendacious shithouse of a government.
Really? This would matter that much to you? Mate, believe me I'm old enough and accepting enough of myself to really not lose any sleep over that. Anyway, I dunno what you're viewing this on but on my screen strikethrough still isn't actually that obvious even though I know it's there now.
You just couldn't make this shit up The mendacity of the current government knows no bounds. 'Oven ready' my fucking arse.
It's the fact he was allowed to get away with it that meant now nobody else can be held to account for doing similar.
Seems a bit odd to start a new thread just because you got a few downvotes for a comment. For what it's worth, assuming it's the comment I'm remembering, it came across as "all tomatoes in the UK are complete shit" - i.e. a bit snotty - and so it seemed to me that that's why it was getting downvoted. None of us ever phrase our words perfectly so often you'll end up giving people the wrong impression - don't take it so personally, there was no 'getting hated'.
Whichever poll you look at you can't ignore the fact that the Tory lead has gone from 20+ points to a fraction of that in just a couple of months. Starmer is already de-toxifying Labour while the Tories are busy showing how utterly incompetent they are. On top of this, Johnson has told a lot of lies about Brexit that have yet to catch up with him. I'd be looking at it that the Tories have plenty of time to fall a lot further.
&gt;No deal is fine on its own. Is it fuck 'fine'. On top of COVID it'll be disaster on top of disaster.
14% said "don't know" so it's more like 33%.
I think you must have missed how this whole thing started.
An "unfortunate departure from Corbyn's approach"? Even now he's finally gone the new leader is still supposed to replicate what Corbyn would have done? Jesus.
&gt; During a pandemic, which is an easy political point scoring event Yeah, for the government. People rally round in a crisis and give the government the benefit of the doubt - lots of people in the early stages saying we should all get behind the government, polls rose. &gt; with the entire media establishment against them Hahahahahahahahaha. Honestly, what a fucking dumb and demonstrably untrue thing to say. &gt; There is also the whole Dominic Cummings non-issue that did damage to Boris and the Tories that was blown out of all proportion as well. So not a non-issue then. Or is it that you're right and it's everyone else who's wrong? &gt; No, he isnt. Starmer is currently the only somewhat tolerable person in Labour. The rest are still ab bunch of halfwit socialists. Well, you've convinced me with your balanced argument there. &gt; The tories have done nothing to show they are incompetent at all. Says nobody at all apart from you. You tell me why they're nose-diving in the polls then. &gt; He really hasnt. Another brilliant argument there. &gt; statistics are showing the UK did well during the pandemic Hahaha. Oh, seriously now, you're pulling my leg aren't you. This is just a great wind-up, I get it now. &gt; If you look at the impact of Covid-19 on the UK per capita we actually did better than quite a few other nations. Such as? &gt; If you look at the inpact in accordance with population density, we actually did much better than most nations. What the fuck has this got to do with anything? Japan has population density, how have they done? Singapore has population density, how have they done? Germany, NL, France, Italy - all have similar distribution and all done better. Most of those had less warning too. &gt; And thats using the lockdown tactic, which is now coming under fire as being the worst option to choose. The government were forced to choose the lockdown after their advisors stated it was the only option and after Labour, the Media and Unions (among others) all threw a hissy fit. Turns out, had the government gone with its initial idea of herd immunity we would be far better off. That doesnt scream 'incompetence' to me. Well isn't this just cherry on the icing on the bullshit cake. So what you're saying is our government is so fucking weak they can't even commit to their own strategy? Who exactly 'forced' them - an opposition without enough MPs and 20+ points behind in the polls at the time - how weak must this government be? Honestly, you're either a brilliant wind-up merchant or you're *fucking mental*. Join the real world mate.
This is just an unbelievable gish-gallop of utter bullshit. You keep accusing me of bias - towards who? I'm very much a floating voter, so where do you think my bias is? You, on the other hand, are clearly backing your team to the hilt, even with completely made-up nonsense where required rather than face reality. Still, [don't take my word for it](https://twitter.com/YouGov/status/1269931042728796161?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw%7Ctwcamp%5Etweetembed%7Ctwterm%5E1269931042728796161&amp;ref_url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.theneweuropean.co.uk%2Ftop-stories%2Fyougov-polling-on-coronavirus-handling-by-governments-1-6689600).
Agree with the policy, but think this shows a lot of hypocrisy from Brexiters. Anyone remember Farage stood in front of a poster saying 'breaking point'?
Way to miss the point: if our public services are truly at 'breaking point', then surely they're at breaking point irrespective of the skin colour of the people coming in, no?
&gt; HKers coming over would pay tax. What, and Europeans don't pay tax? Why's that any different?
Most eating out that most people do isn't at nice restaurants. It's takeaways, pubs, cafes, sandwich shops, motorway service stations, school dinners, market stalls and so on. All of those will use catering suppliers, and most catering suppliers supply the most economic option as default. They don't have to be 'shitty' for that. What are you going to do, start a campaign at your kids' school to stop them using the cheapest chicken? And if you succeed, how do you think you'll be viewed by other parents when they put the prices up as a result? Maybe you think people will stop using the only sandwich shop within walking distance of their office? Everyone's going to check the provenance of their local curry house or chinese takeaway? Stop their kids having the chicken nuggets at a birthday party until they've checked with the venue that they're the right sort of chicken? Going to hunt out anything with chicken stock in it too? Come on - you know that people will not do this. So few people truly understand the provenance of their food, and I find it unlikely that this will be enough to change those behaviours. Before long it'll be grudgingly accepted and we'll just be living with shit chicken.
&gt;so the objection is the fact that people won't be allowed a choice, so the response is to not give them a choice? No, because there is already plenty of choice in what kind of chicken you can buy. What this is doing is introducing a sub-standard option into that, and people are saying they would rather that their choices are only between the many options that don't fall below standard. It's not realistic to say that people will be able to easily avoid it.
It's not the chlorine that's the problem FFS. If it was we'd be banning it in swimming pools wouldn't we. It's that the need to chlorinate your meat arises because welfare standards are so bad it's the only way to turn extremely poorly-treated and sub-standard produce into something that can pass basic hygiene testing - and if you want actual science to prove nobody's ignoring it - read [this](https://mbio.asm.org/content/9/2/e00540-18.full) which suggests that in many cases all chlorine-washing does is put a number of cultures into a dormant state rather than actually kill them.
OMFG I'm seeing this total bullshit peddled so much now. *It's not the chlorine itself that's the problem*, hence why nobody is up in arms about swimming pools FFS. It's that it allows the shittiest possible standards for food production to go on all the way through the food chain, and then at the last minute attempts to make up for producing shitty meat by blasting it with chemicals in an attempt to kill the many pathogens that have built up. There's plenty of science that says it's not even particularly effective at this either and often just puts those pathogens into a dormant state that allows them to evade standard testing. It's a simple question of whether you actually want good food standards or just want producers to be able to hide bad food standards.
Agreed - personally I would start looking at ways to buy much more directly from local trusted suppliers where I can actually see the animals I'm buying. Either a very reliable butcher, or actually buy direct in bulk from the farms and freeze the meat. But it's still going to be impossible to eat meat outside the home with any level of trust. Unbelievable that it's the 21st century and we're actively choosing to send our food standards and animal welfare backwards like this.
Yes - assumed low-flying plane. Can't hear it any more, can you?
&gt; Cummings is untouchable. FTFY
That meeting was March 18th by which point the horse had already bolted - that's almost a week after the Cheltenham festival which plenty of people were already saying shouldn't have been happening. And ignoring the irony of him being the one who just ignored the lockdown anyway.....
That was March 18th, a good week after most people were saying we should be locking down. And it still took another 5 days for it to actually happen.
&gt; Cummings actually pushed the scientists at SAGE to recommend a lockdown Yeah, on March 18th, a full week after the Cheltenham festival when most sane people were already saying it should have happened.
"Are we doing something wrong? No, it's the public who are wrong."
Poor old frogface. Tough times for racist anachronisms. Be terrible if an immigrant took his job.
No, it was due to expire 'shortly'. Not the same at all.
Still talking utter shite then.
Tory support has fallen off a cliff when you consider that just a few months back it was around 23%. If this carries on and Labour move ahead of the Tories then expect to start seeing the cracks appearing in the Tory party. Add a toxic no-deal Brexit onto the existing fuck-ups while the new Leader of the Opposition continues to look intelligent and statesmanlike and it'll be a perfect storm for the Tories.
Equally there's a tendency to assume that anyone who doesn't 100% follow the Tory/Brexit line must therefore automatically be a lefty. I'm by no means a lefty but regularly get called one just because I think Johnson is a charlatan.
&gt;Facts don't need credible evidence, they're facts All you've done is cite some questionable circumstantial evidence and then built a tower of bullshit on it.
&gt;and did us all out of a Corbyn PM as a resuilt Hahahaha - oh yeah, I remember, that famous election where Corbyn would clearly have won if only he was allowed to pursue his own Brexit strategy that 85% of his party didn't want. Funny because the actual facts suggest Labour were already massively heamorrhaging support and the 2nd ref policy was a response to that. What you're suggesting is that it was all going great and only when Corbyn was forced by Starmer (personally?!) to change tack that it started to go wrong? Come on. Corbyn was a fucking disaster and most sane Labour supporters are more than happy to put that episode behind them.
I don't think you understand what 'elected' means.
This is the headline that should have sunk the government.
Maybe you should ask yourself *why* nobody seems to feel obliged to follow the rules any more? Maybe it's because the architect of those rules couldn't be bothered to stick to them himself, and when challenged just sat there and told barefaced lies, with the full backing of government ministers and the PM? Maybe that yeah?
OK, now I know you don't understand how this works. Johnson was elected directly by his Uxbridge constituency; his name was on a ballot paper and he got more votes than the other candidates. When did Cummings' name appear on a ballot paper?
That's a nice straw man you've got there.
You keep posting this shit up like it makes a convincing case for anything. If you think either side in this couldn't post up 200 videos of 'bad shit the other side are doing' then you're an idiot.
&gt;Hard times are ahead, and though I can't really blame him, he isn't the man to deal with them 60,000 already dead and sinking into the deepest recession in living memory isn't already 'hard times'? Sure, it can still get a lot worse - especially with a self-imposed Brexit catastrophe on top of everything - but we don't need to wait any longer to judge Johnson. He has been a total disaster every step of the way.
Fair enough. Got to say though, I'm gobsmacked that anyone would think Priti Patel wouldn't be even worse. She's a really unpleasant human being.
It just so childishly petulant - doesn't matter whether it's banning handguns or the constant references to the British empire, it's all "how dare anyone suggest that Britain isn't already perfect!"
&gt;Boris is an absolute fool but it’s undoubtably true that he has a way with the public The public should hurry the fuck up in realising that 'having a way with the public' doesn't make you Prime Minister material. Ant and Dec have 'a way with the public', but I wouldn't fucking vote for them.
And that's before a no-deal Brexit.
&gt;Does anybody seriously believe this Not for a minute. Complete lack of any actual evidence of this, since we haven't been allowed to see this advice, and we know that leading scientists and medical experts have been quietly removed from public view when they don't support Cummings. This is a government with form for telling outright lies, and for purging anyone who doesn't follow the script.
More like when Ant tries to drive pissed off his face...
Farage is like some shit end-of-the-pier comedian who returns for another season with the exact same material each time their bank balance falls below a certain level. Still living in hope that the public is finally starting to see through the Brexit charlatans.
'Disappointed' has been my default state for a number of years now. In fact that's a fairly good day.
As long as you're doing it to test your eyesight it's fine.
Whilst government ministers go and shake hands with everyone who catches it.
As a left-hander, no thanks.
And if they massively exacerbate the economic disaster with a self-imposed fuck-up they won't? Johnson has made exorbitant promises from day one on Brexit, and they're all going to come back to haunt him over the next 12 months.
But just like we're seeing with death rates, there are going to be some very direct comparisons with other countries on economic recovery. Every economy will take a massive hit, but most will bounce back reasonably quickly. If UK's recovery is noticeably more sluggish than every other nation then it'll still be possible to hold them to account.
Oh FFS. I can't believe there are still people who believe in utter this horseshit.
It's not often I agree with Tories or the Torygraph but Hague was generally one of the more sane ones, and I largely agree with what he's said here - lockdown is a Dunkirk-style retreat, but what's needed now is a credible plan to actually tackle the virus and get on top of it rather than just retreat from it. Shame we have a complete shit-heap of a government who are still more interested in starting a culture war to boost their ratings than actually saving people's lives.
&gt;‘one footballer achieved what Starmer could not And the response to that is: why did you agree it when a footballer asked and not when HM opposition did?
If his advisers aren't telling him about things like this then they need firing. Very high-profile campaign directly targeting him for action, hugely popular figure with a wide reach on Twitter, black icon, huge celebrity endorsement and a cause that nobody in their right minds could argue with.... and they decided not to bother Johnson with it? Come on, it's bullshit from Johnson again, nothing else.
Yeah, I'd broadly agree with that. If I ever read anything that says that one person in a debate DESTROYED the other one that's an immediate red flag that I'm reading something that isn't worth reading. Debates like this are more like wars of attrition; for me, Starmer is wearing Johnson down each week with well-targeted questions that are framed in a way that leave little wriggle-room, and watching Johnson desperately try to both change the subject and make this LOTOQs instead of PMQs just shows how out of his depth he is in this role.
Might work in situations other than ones designed explicitly for you personally to answer questions. Am picturing Johnson at a job interview: "So Mr Johnson, what do you think your strengths are?" "Why do you think *your* strengths are? I notice you still haven't answered that question!"
&gt;There's been 5 months of Labour under Kier 2 months
Because there is no answer to "are schools safe". Some are, some aren't. Safe is a subjective term anyway, but even if he'd asked whether kids can return with a zero risk of one of them catching and spreading coronavirus, how the fuck would Starmer answer that anyway? Maybe I'd have replied "Are you trying to suggest that a credible politician should say that irrespective of the school, its location, the building layout, the ethnicity of its staff and pupils, the health and caring duties of its staff and its ability to adhere social distancing that any of us could personally guarantee that no child will catch Coronavirus as a result of going back to school early?" And then added "...and, just so we're clear, this is PMQs, not LOTOQs."
But he wasn't allowed to exert his influence during that time - we still had Corbyn being wheeled out for PMQs the entire 3 months.
Anyone who starts this shit gets an instant 30-day mute from me. So tedious.
Oh FFS. Feels like people are so tribal now that they want to turn this into racism Top Trumps. 'Yes, we might hate black and muslim people, but you hate jews and hindus!' It's all pathetic, stop it.
&gt;he said kneeling is a sign of subjugation, which it literally is in this country It didn't start in this country though, it started in the US where you stand for the national anthem and kneeling is to demonstrate yourself not standing up for it. So it's not a sign of subjugation, and Raab not knowing that is pretty idiotic.
Doesn't explain how a man who doesn't realise that Dover to Calais is an important trade route makes it as far as he has.
&gt; why the fuck would we replace our meanings and symbols with that of America You're really struggling to understand this aren't you. This is part of a movement that started in the US and has crossed over to the rest of the world, however much you may or may not agree with its sentiments or its symbols. None of which is even the point, which is that Dominic Raab is too fucking dumb to even know where it came from.
He still doesn't understand how this works does he.
I can't imagine what you made of 'Pimp my ride'.
You need more proof? Look at what happened to Sajid Javid, fired because he wouldn't take Cummings-approved advisers over his own. Nobody even tried to pretend there was any reason other than this.
But if the assets are owned by so few people that their votes as a bloc become trivial, then it ought to be the case that the have-nots can vastly out-vote them.
Agreed. I'm in my mid-40s, established in my career, half way through paying off a mortgage and generally doing OK. But at no point can I see the day when I decide to vote Tory - I just can't imagine how anyone can go 'now I got mine so screw the rest of them'. And never mind the fact that the current government couldn't arrange a piss-up in a brewery.
I'd like to see FullFact investigate a statement of 'Boris Johnson incorrect about the vast majority of things'.
You seem to think anyone on here gives a fuck about your feelings.
&gt; No, I don't. So much so that you bothered to write your post to show how much you don't care. &gt; You, on the other hand, seem to think anyone on here gives a fuck about your opinion. Well you gave enough of a fuck about it to write a reply. Although as we've just established you often make posts about things you don't give a fuck about, right?
&gt;I think that such a small group of people having such massive power over who can and can't speak in public is not a good idea This has been the case for ages. Newspapers and TV companies have both had similar power in the past. You could just as easily argue that what the most popular newspapers have decided to publish or not publish represents the same degree of power, only they are unashamedly political about it where Twitter aren't.
Twitter is not a basic human right so stop pretending it is. It's a private company and they can choose what represents their brand. This is about as much a rights issue as barring a pissed bellend from a pub.
The reports have to be upheld to count.
Private companies not wanting to do business with other private companies isn't censorship. Letting your platform become a haven for misinformation and hate campaigns means credible companies no longer want to be associated with it, and I'm 100% fine with that.
Sorry - who's censoring what here? Looks to me like one private company decided to change their advertising strategy. Where's the censorship in that? Are you suggesting that private companies must be forced to spend a proportion of their advertising budget on facebook? Do you cry foul every time a company decides to advertise in one newspaper but not another, or on one TV channel but not another? This happens all the time with any company in the world. It's not censorship.
From the bits I read it looked as though the study had adapted results based on age so that this factor was removed or reduced.
I agree with all the people saying not to hate them just because other people do. I don't consider myself affiliated with any one party and have voted for all major parties in my time. That said, there are plenty of perfectly good reasons not to like the current government. No, they are not like US Republicans yet, but they are certainly adopting some of the same tactics, not least lying, repeatedly and shamelessly. Johnson has lied so many times that it's impossible to think that this isn't actually part of their strategy now. Their response to Coronavirus has been utterly shambolic from start to finish, and it's no surprise that our death rates are soaring above those of other comparable countries. Add to that the fact that they're happy to dog-whistle to racists and love to stoke culture wars, and the fact that they reduce everything to stupid slogans to bind people to stupid causes. Which brings us to the absolute cancer that is Brexit, the gift that keeps on giving, keeps on undermining our standing on the world stage, keeps on killing the careers of credible politicians so that our cabinet now can only be made up of the talentless fuckwits whose only qualification for top office is that they will be slavishly loyal to the party line. That this government was risking a no-deal Brexit before Coronavirus was remarkably irresponsible; now it's insane. I hold Johnson responsible for this utter shit-show above anyone else. Worst government of my lifetime. I don't hate Tories per se, I just hate *these* Tories.
&gt;The main reason I like Corbyn is because people like you hate him so much Glad you enjoyed yourself, shame that it persuaded millions of people to go out and vote Tory because they hated the Labour leader so much, and now as a result we have to put up with yet another 5 years of Tory government.
There are plenty of Labour MPs who are left-wing, but who also realise that being overtly socialist isn't often a great vote-winner amongst the general public and know that looking like old-skool socialists doesn't win general elections. Pragmatic Labour MPs know that pushing your socialist credentials may play well with the Labour base, but just isn't going to work when it comes to winning over floating voters. Corbyn and his followers utterly failed to realise what a turn-off it is for voters to see them calling each other 'comrade', expressing 'solidarity' with every radical cause going, playing identity politics and waging class war by dividing the world up into the sainted workers versus the evil capitalist bosses; it's perfectly possible to support equality, fairness and helping the weakest members of society without knowing all the words to The Red Flag, but for many Corbyn supporters the very suggestion of this equals Tory Lite, Red Tory, Blairite etc. Kinnock and Blair spent literally decades trying to move Labour on from those socialist tropes but Corbyn rushed them all back in again and put them front and centre of Labour again. Starmer, thankfully, seems more interested in calm competence than proving his socialist credentials, which is why Labour have suddenly risen in the polls and look electable again. Long may that continue.
&gt;You say that like it's a bad thing It's a bad thing that so many Tory voters paid £3 just to vote for Corbyn. The man did more to advance the Tory cause than anyone in a blue rosette has done for decades.
&gt;Shame so many have bought the lies they can't see the woods from the trees. "Is it me who's wrong? No, it's the UK population." I didn't buy any lies pal, I don't read those shitrags. Voted Labour for 27 years before deciding not to in 2019 because of the evidence I saw with my own eyes. Stop trying to kid yourself that anyone who didn't love Corbyn has just been brainwashed, just makes you look ridiculous.
Not just you. But you and all the others who thought like you, yep.
I'm afraid your post just reveals that you don't really understand atheists or atheism. Do you hate the Norse Gods? What about the Roman Gods? What about the Inca Gods? What's your position on them - you must have one, right? Or perhaps you don't because.... you don't believe they exist?
If it doesn't work for large parts of the country then it's completely useless, and if the people building it didn't realise that then they are equally useless.
And they didn't even manage that. And I don't agree working for a 'reasonable proportion' is acceptable. If the app can go to sleep such that it doesn't trace contact, then it's a failure.
But part of Blair's success wasn't just that he got Labour voters to turn out, it's that he didn't frighten Tory voters, and as a result fewer of them felt they had to get out to vote against him. You have to look at not only how many votes a leader attracts to their own side, but how many voters aren't pushed into the arms of their opponents by them. Floating voters are always deeply suspicious of overt socialism.
&gt; I understand that the U.K. is trying to play a hand that it doesn’t have at all What more is there to understand than this? Brexiters lied about the possibilities of Brexit, offering something that wasn't available. They've since shown that they will double down on those lies even in the face of cold hard reality. Which leaves three possible outcomes: the EU fold and give UK this magical deal (never gonna happen), Brexiters start being honest about what's actually achievable (also never gonna happen), or we get an escalating war of words where Brexiters claim that the evil EU are being unreasonable and that's the only reason why the magical unicorns never arrived, while the country slowly rots for lack of competent leadership (already happening).
Agreed, and it's painful that so many Brexiters just wave this kind of thing aside as if a revitalised fishing industry is going to make up for thousands of significant organisations and tens of billions of pounds just bypassing the UK from now on. I can only hope that within a few years the folly of Brexit will have become so obvious to everyone that we come to our senses and start to reverse it, and will have learned a salutory lesson as a nation that makes us a better place overall, where expertise is recognised and informed debate triumphs over demagoguery.
Yep - was in an IT consultancy until recently that did a lot of business across Europe and went to massive effort to move their operations abroad to maintain an EU presence; all job vacancies cancelled in the UK and moved to EU instead. I left and found another job because you could already see the contracts drying up.
Assumes that the church's increasing irrelevance means they must be part of 'cancel culture', and therefore need to join in on that side of the culture war. Doesn't realise that church is just increasingly irrelevant. Bad news when you need Jordan Peterson as your best hope of relevance.
Going great so far isn't it?
Possible that some of these former Tory supporters have just finally realised that Johnson's government is actually desperately incompetent. There comes a point where you can't argue with stats like the worst death rate in the world and constant failures to implement plans that were promised.
Pretty hard to isolate if no-one else is. What if your employer demands you go back to work? What if you have kids who are out seeing their mates every day then coming back to your house?
Don't disagree with the pace of lifting restrictions, but there are some bizarre inconsistencies in there. Why can pubs open but swimming pools can't? Why can you play basketball but not cricket?
&gt;A Conservative win with Boris brought some certainty to the picture Did it? Can you tell me what our trading conditions will be on 1st Jan 2021 then please?
&gt;uncomfortable with people who don't hate Britain Nice strawman there.
Hah - OK pal, if you say so.
People do protest that stuff all the time. And police do investigate it, and prosecute people. Don't be a thick twat all your life.
&gt;For your first point, I do understand the difference, which would be fine except they actually say it's because he was racist.... You clearly don't understand the difference because them saying he was racist and them deciding he is a walking PR disaster are one and the same thing. Companies don't want their brand to be associated with prominent racists. Pretty much any employment contract will say you'll be fired for serious misconduct, and making grand public gestures of overt racism that attract nationwide disgust would definitely fall into that category, no?
What, and they were all more racist than the UK? Which countries are we talking about?
If you want your point to stand then yeah, I do. You can't just say "other countries are less racist than the UK, only I'm not going to tell you which ones". Since your profile says 'Arabian woman' then I'm guessing you're talking about Middle Eastern countries? Which would suggest that you didn't experience racism in those countries is *because you were not in a minority there*, no?
&gt; I do not answer to you, I do not need to prove anything to you and NO you are not "well within your rights" to stick your nose into my life. Good, because that's not what I said - perhaps it's you who's got a problem with reading comprehension. What you did is level an assertion on a public forum where anyone can respond, and I responded to challenge that assertion because I don't agree with it. None of this is "sticking my nose into your life". You make statements on a public forum like Reddit, and other people can respond to them - that's how it works, it's not a fucking invasion of your privacy. You said Britain was a more racist country than others, that's your assertion and therefore the burden of proof sits with you to back that up. Instead you claimed to have evidence of your own experiences but wouldn't share what those experiences are that led you to this conclusion, as if we're expected to just say "Oh well, if you say so then". And now you're claiming I've said that Britain isn't racist, when what I very clearly said is that *I don't believe it's more racist than other countries*. If you insist on calling me stupid, at least do so based on actually engaging with a point I did make and not one that I didn't.
&gt; Asking about where I have lived IS sticking your nose into my life, where I lived has nothing to do with the UK being racist or not Haha - you literally introduced the fact you'd lived in 6 other countries that were less racist than the UK. In a debate about whether the UK is more or less racist than other countries *you* used this fact to suggest this gives you the right to judge, and yet when I ask you to name those countries suddenly you're acting like I'm cyber-stalking you FFS. &gt; I have enough experiences to fill a book. If you are so genuinely interested message me, I'll share You made the assertion on a public forum but insist on only presenting your evidence in private? I don't know what kind of games you're playing here but I've got better things to do with my life. &gt; I see how you bypassed your own silly claim of "non-racist brit" and the proof I have provided of how racist you are. Now you're being both ridiculous and offensive. You've given me zero 'proof' of anything, and you are undermining any credibility you had if you're claiming I'm racist for the very suggestion that I dare to defend myself against an accusation of racism. &gt; I called your argument stupid because your argument is based on comparing to other countries "when what I very clearly said is that I don't believe it's more racist than other countries." What???? You said, on the subject of racism "the UK beats all of them". Are you saying it 'beats' them in the racism stakes by being more racist, or it 'beats' them by being better because it's less racist? I mean forgive me if it just isn't very clear what you're actually talking about here, I genuinely can't actually spot a cogent argument anywhere in here, and I don't think it's my reading comprehension that's the problem.
&gt;Jenrick was doing what politicians have done all over the country in their case work - advocating for their constituents. What??? How is denying them the public services that these millions would have provided in any conceivable way 'advocating' for them? It's corruption in its purest form. Do your own credibility a favour and call it out when you see it rather than trying to defend the indefensible.
It should at least have rung a serious alarm bell for RLB the second she saw the word Israel, yep. Doesn't mean nobody's allowed to say the word, but if you're not smart enough to go "Whoa - I'd better be really sure of my ground here before I retweet this" in her position, then you shouldn't be there.
What? If she were re-tweeting things she hadn't even read that's even more reason for her not to be in any responsible position within the shadow cabinet. It's not true anyway, but if it were, all the more reason she should go.
Haha - blimey, you're really pulling out the bad faith arguments on here aren't you. Firstly, lots of things aren't "the work of government" but that doesn't mean ministers aren't held accountable for their words. What do you think, prominent politicians can somehow clock off and then spread any old bullshit they like on Twitter? Secondly, social media is very much the work of government these days - Twitter profiles are routinely used for political messaging, and words used on social media are just as relevant and binding as words used in press conferences or in official statements. If you're suggesting otherwise then frankly you're a moron.
&gt;The reason labour lost is because the people running the campaign were trying to lose. Sorry, but bollocks. Labour lost because it was flogging a mix of identity politics and old-skool socialism, both of which enjoy little support amongst the very people Labour purports to speak for.
You're talking shite mate. It doesn't matter whether or not it's "the work of government" - I'm not even sure where you've sprung that phrase from, as if MPs have some dividing line that means nothing they do in their personal lives can possibly be considered newsworthy. If she said something anti-semitic in the pub, that wouldn't be "the work of government" either, but if she were recorded saying it then she would still be held accountable for her words. Senior Ministers don't just get to go 'yeah, but that was just me chatting shit with me mates'. People like RLB have tens of thousands of followers on Twitter and their posts can get shared in seconds reaching audiences of millions. It is moronic to suggest that with that kind of reach there can be no accountability. I suppose you thought it was fine when Trump was re-tweeting Britain First tweets? Maybe we should all just pretend that what you say on Twitter is fair game and anyone can get away with saying anything they like on there without being held to account for their words? Get a grip will you. It's clear that you're extremely butthurt about RLB getting sacked, but making bad faith arguments - maybe she didn't read the article, twitter isn't real life, some Israelis do kneel on protestors etc etc - it's just making you look completely ridiculous.
The point - which people like you miss every time you trot this shit out - is that UK inside the EU has a stronger economy than UK outside the EU, meaning Brexit will inevitably cause a re-adjustment downwards. Some of that has already happened, some of it is waiting to come and will be more or less severe depending on how much of a mess our future relationship with Europe is in. By trying to focus on the exact point in which that readjustment happens, and looking for gotchas because some economist or politician said it would have happened by now you continue to miss the point: the economy has already become weaker as a result of Brexit, it will likely get worse yet when finally we cut ties with the EU, and no amount of pointing at the fact that some politicians claimed it would be worse or happen sooner detracts from the fundamental fact that Brexit is bad for the economy and will continue to be bad for the economy. *That* is the point.
Yes, agreed. We've got to bear in mind that some of our remaining games are against pretty poor teams. Luton and Barnsley are already all but down. Stoke and Charlton are fighting to stay clear of the drop but still ought to be easy enough wins for us - they're all down there for a reason. If those 4 games are wins then we need to find 5 more points from Fulham, Derby, Swansea and Blackburn and we're home - and that assumes that nobody else drops any points along the way, which they obviously will.
&gt;A person who can't spell "school" Hahahahahahaha - this is *the* most pathetic come-back I've ever heard. Apart from anything else, you'll find 'old-skool' with that spelling in both the [Urban Dictionary](https://www.urbandictionary.com/define.php?term=oldskool) and an [actual dictionary](https://www.collinsdictionary.com/dictionary/english/old-skool), so you fail on both trying to correct my spelling or having a credible argument that doesn't make you look insanely petty. &gt; to get me to ignore the leaked labour report which revealed that the anti-left faction actively sbotaged the campaign I'm not trying to get you to ignore anything mate, your conspiracy theories are your problem. Plenty of people in Labour knew that the party couldn't win with an utter liability like Corbyn in charge, even in 2017 when there was the electoral equivalent of an open goal. I don't blame some of them for realising that they had to get rid of Corbyn before they would move forwards. When you are of the view that things have to get worse to get better, it's understandable that you might want to hasten that. &gt; and instead gives me the tired old lamestream media narrative why labour lost Fuck me, what are you, 12? "Lamestream media narrative"? You're like a shit left-wing Trump tribute act. Labour lost because of Corbyn. Plenty of evidence of that. You keep ignoring it, we'll keep laughing at you.
That's a lot of teams chasing the fourth promotion spot.
We're Leeds, we never do it the easy way. Season is going down to the wire, got a feeling that Fulham will drop away but Brentford are on the charge. Could end up three from two like last year. A draw tomorrow will do just fine.
Well that's just a stupid thing to say.
If you've got form for that sort of thing, then *at the very least* it's spectacularly dumb to still be banging on about Israel. There are massive injustices all over the world, but it's only Israel that Labour seem endlessly moved to bring into every conversation. Why not talk about Yemen, or Uighur Muslims, or Saudi Arabia? What is it about Israel that Labour just can't let go of?
No. Try re-reading.
Which words are you putting in my mouth now?
I'm not so sure - I think COVID-19 is changing the view of populism. Turns out that a genuine crisis can't be managed with bombastic rhetoric or whipping up your base with culture wars and jingoistic touchstones; the US, UK and Brazil are perhaps the three countries whose response to CV-19 has been the most badly-managed, and it's making a lot of people look at their populist leaders in a new light - that suddenly having responsible, credible, sensible people in charge really matters and we what see in these three countries is man-children with zero skills in crisis management. That the US is having to lock down a second time again is really going to force the issue there, and it can't do Trump's re-election chances much good. If he gets booted out in November and the US returns to credible politicians again then Johnson will start to look even more like the wrong guy in the wrong place at the wrong time. If that happens they will have to pick someone with a bit more credibility and a bit less bombast about them.
Well, I've always been of the view that you can have credible, responsible politicians, or you can have Brexiters. Very very few fall into both camps.
I think it takes a genuine crisis like coronavirus to remind people now and again that it matters who's in charge. Populism to me is a sign of complacency amongst an electorate.
As much as I hate it this is where VAR would actually serve a purpose. Ref gets a message in his ear to pause the game, go to the touchline and look at a replay of the incident, sends the dirty bastard off. As it is, I'm glad he stayed on the pitch as it means they have no excuses for their thumping.
No, but I do think it's possible that they've decided Johnson is a liability and that the Tories require someone more credible in a crisis.
I'd ignore Sweden because they've had a fraction of the deaths we've had. Even adjusted for population it's still a fraction.
Mainly that the European countries (us included TBF) have largely done what's required to contain the virus. Trump and Bolsonaro seem to be trying to balls it out as if you can just tell the virus that you're not scared of it and that'll make it go away and for that reason their numbers are still rising and they'll struggle to contain it now. At least Johnson isn't quite that stupid.
Perhaps. But you could equally argue that the Great Depression led to the failure of the Weimar Republic, and that led to Hitler getting elected. Suspect the virus is only half the problem; the decade of economic fallout will have a lot of consequences too. Sorry, just depressed myself there.
*If* what is in the report is accurate and to be taken at face value then yes, that would represent them crossing a line they shouldn't have crossed. But equally I would understand their frustration as they saw their party being taken away for them and the crushing inevitability of another 5 years of Tory rule due to the inadequacy of Corbyn and his handling of the party.
&gt; So for you, there are contexts in which antisemitism and/or enabling antisemitism are 'understandable?' See, there's you making shit up again. How are you managing to make this logical leap in your mind? Where did I say that antisemitism is understandable, or even anything close to that? &gt; I'm disappointed, but I'm not surprised. I honestly couldn't give a fuck what you think. &gt; That's simply not good enough. I honestly couldn't give a fuck what you think. &gt; I'm a bit torn between whether I should lecture you or try and educate you Aren't they the same thing? Either way: I couldn't give a fuck mate. Are you not getting this message yet? You've not said a single thing that makes any sense and continue to peddle arguments that I'm not interested in. &gt; I don't doubt that when you go after real and perceived antisemitism in the left of the Labour Party you do so sincerely, even when it results in highly questionable personal attacks. What makes you think I do this at all? Your entire final paragraph is just more straw-man arguments. You're the one who keeps bringing antisemitism into it pal, not me - so why you continue to try to force those words into my mouth so that you can have that argument with me I don't know. Also notice that you like to go back and edit earlier replies, including to call me a 'racist apoligist/denier', which in my book means you can now go and fuck yourself. Prick.
I don't think so - I can't think of another situation that's generated the depth of feeling that did. From things I've read, often from Tory voters, it really made people feel like they'd been played for fools - we all agreed to play by the rules because for once we were genuinely all in it together and we all pulled together because the government asked us to. And then it turned out Cummings was doing what the fuck he liked - and then lied and lied and lied, to our fucking faces while government ministers, to a man, decided to abandon the public health message rather than admit he'd done something wrong. I wouldn't care if he stayed on if they'd only admitted he'd been wrong and showed a shred of contrition, but faced with a choice of save public health messaging or save Cummings, they chose Cummings. Christ it is still making me fume. Unforgivable.
No, I hate the dirty bastard - in fact sticking an elbow in on someone like this is more than just dirty, it's cowardly. I hope they throw the book at him. For all the shit we love to give Bamford, it's a team game and he's part of the team that is top of the league.
Alright, sorry: reduce taxation or increase public spending on other things instead.
Well, it's kinda woolly to suggest that any taxation directly benefits one group unless you're explicitly lifting them out of a tax bracket altogether. And I'm not particularly sticking up for tuition fees or for New Labour's financial policy - I can see both sides of the argument - but to suggest they're such an evil introduction doesn't really stack up to me.
Same place we always were, fucking nowhere.
If Johnson spent a little less time musing as to which great historical leader he believes he wants to be like and a little more time actually trying to be a great leader that'd be a fucking start. So far he's got more in common with Silvio Berlusconi than anyone who ever actually made the world a better place.
Yeah, let's have Messi, Mbappe and Erling Haaland as well.
What the fuck are The Telegraph doing telling us this when they've spent years championing the idiots Brexiters who sold us this bag of shit in the first place?
I think it's also because we're playing in the height of summer as opposed to being done by early May.
Yeah, I read that and thought it seemed unbelievable - did they do this survey in the City of London or something?
....but leaves us needing another striker.
Wonder if that's code for saying he'll be offered a permanent contract? Seems unlikely if he's injured though.
Almost as if Brexit has all been about jostling for power amongst the Tory party all along.
