I agree, while Rimworld is a good game I really dislike it in some core aspects and think it's overrated. For once, it doesn't really have a lot of content - it just seems like that because of all the RNG surrounding your colonists, events or resource gathering, that often slows you down or completely resets your progress. If you'd remove RNG and just focus on attainable ingame goals, I imagine most people would run out of things to do in like a dozen hours. DF has a really good resource production / manufacturing progression system. You need tools to complete jobs (axes, picks, hammers...) while in Rimworld everyone kinda just makes do with their hands (or that invisible free sparking thing in their hands). In DF there is some depth around food and drink production, in Rimworld you might as well just stick to simple meals that are made from anything really. In DF you have to specialize your folks, train your militia, establish squads and routes and burrows and what not. In Rimworld everyone kinda does everything (except for few less common jobs like crafting or art), since you have fewer colonists you can't really afford to have 3 dedicated lumberjacks or masons or stuff like that, which makes management less enjoyable IMO. And maybe the biggest of all, it lacks the physics of DF. Mechanisms, movable parts, bridges, liquid simulation... I remember spending many many hours on playing with these things in DF, in Rimworld they just don't exist and there aren't any similar alternatives that you can play with. The lack of depth is also something I had to get used to, not only it makes your bases smaller and more boring than in DF, it means there's less "exploration" going on since you can't continually dig down and discover new areas, resources or enemies. However, the fact that is has an actual UI is enough to keep me playing, along with the huge modding community.
Maybe it is now, but it was never meant to be one afaik. Basebuilers and roguelikes are not really interchangeable descriptions, and rimworld was always a strategical, deep basebuilder with complex mechanics that work together to create a story, even more so than some other games. Where's the story in a disease just appearing out of nowhere? Of an infestation appearing in the middle of the dining room while everyone is there? It's basically the dnd equivalent of "rocks fall and everyone dies". There is no reason or cause to these events, no storytelling or gameplay value because it's completely arbitrary and disconnected from the rest of the game. And these are the things that piss me off as a relatively veteran player (even though my 80ish hours are next to nothing to mileages some other people have have accumulated), try to imagine how a newbie feels when something like that happens to him.
Now that's just crazy talk, the technology just isn't there yet. Even though the game is built on the same base engine as GW1 was, which had customizeable UI like 10 years ago :P
I don't think the colonists in my dining room would appreciate bugzappers turning on when a sudden infestation appears out of nowhere during lunch...
Well said! I've been saying for literally years that they have to normalize the damage and start actually balancing frames so they can start adding actually challenging content to the game instead of 1 player easily clearing everything while the rest try to keep up while looting everything. At the moment most of us spend more time collecting mostly useless resources than actually putting effort into the mission, fighting enemies or completing objectives. Damage has to be made so it overall scales logarithmically instead of exponentially, so it's easier to balance enemies and so there's a smaller gap between newbie/weaker players and veteran/maxed out players, so everyone feels like they're contributing to the mission. CC has to be nerfed so it feels more impactful at moments, but can't be used as a 100% upkeep practical invulnerability for the entire team (nova slow for example). Most "ultimates" (4th abilities) should have a long cooldown or a charge bar so they can't be just spammed all the time. Basically, make it more like MOBAs so abilities have meaning and situational use instead of just being spammed at nauseam. If they want to really maintain this game for years to come instead of moving to other titles, then they have to solve all the balance/challenge/design debt they've accumulated over the years by adding power creep and new mechanics and abilities. The sooner they start, the easier it will be for them... but considering their latest addition have been rivens, which are practically completely opposite of what this game needs, I don't have high hopes that they'd make changes like that any more. And if there ever is a warframe 2, I don't think I'd trust them to not repeat the same mistakes again when they don't even try to fix them here, or even acknowledge that they exist (well, they kinda did when they talked about damage 3.0 but then they dropped the entire subject in favor of the meaningless and disliked IPS rework).
I really really hope for major changes because I don't find combat enjoyable or interesting at all, but part of me wonders how much time they can dedicate to it considering they need to have a finalized flight/combat model to work on SQ42 space segments and AI? I wish they gave an honest straightforward answer to this, something more than just "CR is not happy with the current system". Maybe an ATV dedicated to it?
All my indoor areas are cleaned regularly with a priority 1 yet I still get regular infestations everywhere :P. It might reduce the spawn chance but it definitely doesn't remove it completely.
I use that mod and while it works perfectly for other colonists, they kinda don't care about animals and regularly shoot them in the crossfire. I thought this was just normal behavior, is there some setting or option that makes it work for animals as well?
At one point I killed the big bad evil everyone was contantly worrying about and it was practically an optional side quest - I kinda accidentally stumbled upon him while exploring an already visited location. Nobody even reacted that much to it and the game just kept on with other main story plot hooks. It was at that point that I realized I actually had no idea what is going on, and soon after just lost the will to continue.
&gt; pretty regular with their updates I mean, I'm still holding on the AI/settlement/purge/mount/sorcery additions that were supposed to be in before the launch... and the launch is in like a few months. And for all the SP content they were talking about (dungeons, worker management), the game is still pretty much all about pvp with pretty bad combat and leveling progression, like ark. Their updates might be regular but they seem to be constantly falling back, either because of too big of a scope or because of some other issues.
Even dusters ;( Betrayal is everywhere...
This might be a long shot but I honestly can't think of anything that hasn't been mentioned before... have you tried Subnautica? I know it's not a space game but it really struck the right note with me when I wanted something like you did. Driving vehicles deep underwater feels like space, and the ocean bottom has a lot more stuff to see than empty space tbh. There isn't much spaceship customization but you do get a huge submarine to drive around, and you can walk around in it and customize the interior as much as you want, it's really neat. Honestly it's everything a space exploration game should be, and better. Survival elements are pretty negligible after the first few hours, and then you can immerse yourself into exploration and story.
I find them hard to use because you still have to plan a return trip lol, and it's hard to estimate how much your people can carry once they leave the pods, and how much food they'll have. You might launch them 66 tiles but it will take a really long time for them to come back...
Is it like space engineers in that you have no endgame goals besides coming up with wacky stuff on your own, or is it more like Factorio where you have a tech progression and plenty of set goals and "toys" (like trains, logistic robots, biter nests) to play with? I always get bored soon in SE because it feels like there's nothing to do in it or work towards, but spend hundreds of hours automating stuff in Factorio. What is E:GS like?
This game was an 8/10 for me right away, but when I first climbed into the Cyclops it was an instant 10/10. It's just so immersive driving, managing and walking around my submarine! I really hope they do as much stuff with it, or like it, in the future.
Gate is coded as a minion?
"Mushrooms" I mean what the hell. I enjoyed just turning on the game and reading flavor text while enjoying the art, and now I'm just bitter whenever I see these defiled cards :/
Wube Software, creators of Factorio. Dedicated, patient, upfront, they listen to community feedback, they write amazing regular blog posts about the game's development... They are the embodiment of the perfect indie dev company IMHO. They truly care about the game and the community, working hard before Christmas to push a new update so people can play it, and then releasing like over a dozen patches in the following 2 weeks. Their perfectionism when it comes to game performance and stability is really something impressive, they are definitely not someone who would push something out just for the sake of it, everything is meticulously tested and discussed before being implemented.
I'd recommend Factorio simply because I actually played it and always loved it, and it has a few years of development more than TAB. Seems like it's more open ended and replayable as well.
Ah my bad then, should have bothered to check ingame before saying that.
Sure, but I don't have issues killing enemies even without these kavat buffs. I do spend 80% of my mission time collecting loot though, and without vacuum it'd be even more frustrating and time consuming. As for the double drop chance, I tried and it and soon got sick of waiting for and timing the RNG buff for these few resources where it matters. It's just not that fun in a game where I want to complete each mission as fast as possible. If I really needed kuva I'm better off buying the double resource boost and farming it for a while anyway... but I dont because I dislike rivens :P
How would you fix broken enemy scaling without nerfing warframes as well? Warframes *are* completely overpowered, to the point where it's impossible to create challenging enemies without resorting to cheese like invuln frames or complete power immunity. I'd rather have a game with standardized grounded damage and CC effects in which players work together and have fun clearing missions, than the current situations where everything gets one-shot with aoe abilities, where missions boil down to speedrunning while practically ignoring enemies, or players being able to clear entire missions on their own with some particular frames that have ludicrous scaling. The current trend of spamming overpowered aoe abilities and granting practical invulerability to yourself or the team is not sustainable, and this is not the game that can live off story updates that come every 6 months and are played through in 1-2 days. They *need* to tackle core gameplay because it's gotten out of hand after all these years and all the new additions.
Me reading this thread and all the various opinions: *I still have no idea what is good any more*, lol. The only thing people seem to agree on is the frame build, and every weapon or play style is heavily discussed :D I had a ton of fun with saryn on low lvl missions with max range/power spore spreading gas ignis, but I find it almost worthless against high level armored enemies that don't receive much dmg from the spores.
Lol I was just waiting to see opinions like these pop up after years of seemingly everyone saying that they *want* long realistic travel times because they'll spend them enjoying the immersion :D
For starters, it should scale with forward thrust. Make the thrusters weaker at lower velocities but stronger when moving at high velocities, so it has some limited impact in both scenarios instead of being completely overpowered at low speeds, and a breeze in high speed maneuvers. Of course, the end result should still be a much weaker thruster at high speeds than it currently is, but I imagine most people would disagree with me - I'm an advocate for slower, more tactical fights where positioning and maneuvering plays a bigger part than frantic twitch-based FPS turreting... more like World of Warships, or Guns of Icarus for example, at the very least for ships bigger than the cutlass (although considering it has a turret and is multicrew, it'd be nice if they dialed down its need for speed as well).
Wasn't that issue precisely the reason for the redesign though, new players had no idea what is going on there? And now they're again focusing on fluff and novelty more than basic functionality, usability and presentation?
Okay, I'm not saying to reduce the overall time by much - just to transfer some of the "approaching planet" time into qDrive time. Especially if it's just a moon with little to no atmosphere, we should have to qDrive so far away from them, and have to manually approach it for 5+ minutes (or possibly longer if you're going to the other side, or are in a slow ship).
I dunno, in the books I got the impression that even after all his mischief, he's a really good, honest and dependable friend to Geralt. In the games he's just a quirky foolish comic relief. He's the one character I thought was seriously misinterpreted in the games... I just loved his scenes in the books, when he's "interpreting" to Ciri how Geralt and Yen interact with each other, or when he's talking to Yen about Geralt and how he wasn't always a good friend, his banter with Geralt in the sylvan mini story or his behavior in the "little eye" story... He deserved more in the games ;(
... I don't play zagara that much but I always used to take that talent simply because the rest seemed even worse :P I mean who talents into banelings, at least bile drop adds some dmb to the ability which helps with waveclear. And on rare occasions I did manage to complete the quest in reasonable times, when we TF a lot or if they have a stationary hero (or tlv, or clones like samuro). Basically, this thread is making me kinda nervous :D
I'm having trouble visualizing stacked belts, do you mean one above the other? What about somehow being able to "box" items into chests and have them move on the belt? Instead of an assembler creating 100 individual iron cogs, we could have a "packager assembler" which could instead output a single cardboard box containing 100 cogs after some time, that acts like a storage container but can be moved on the belt to the destination where inserters would pull cogs out of that box? Dunno if it'd be possible to have containers like that move on the belt, and how many issues it would cause... maybe they could have a separate belt for boxed items. But off the top of my head, seems to me like a fine idea to increase belt bandwidth in a logical way without increasing belt speed or adding another "fake layer" to a 2D game.
&gt; It's about one being reportable and punishable by higher powers irl, and one is not. Erm, no. Griefing is not exploiting a bug or cheating, it's just being an asshole and taking advantage of existing mechanics, at least most of the time. You won't get banned in EVE for griefing as long as you didn't cheat doing it, and I hope they won't ban for stuff like that in SC either, it's ridiculous to ban people for using mechanics they added to the game and then never bothered to fool-proof. To the victim any crime against them will be "griefing", and to the attacker it will be just another day of pvp or "roleplaying a scumbag".
&gt; using game mechanics in ways that were not intended I mean, isn't that the entire point of a sandbox game? They can't predict and account for every emergent unintended behavior, and they probably shouldn't - if they completely limit the game so each action is within well established bounds, you just end up with a themepark game with no room for player created stories.
Ah, I didn't know that. I always used SI metric system where 'm' is reserved for 'milli' and 'M' is for 'mega' (10^6 ). Although it's always easy to tell which one it is based on context, not many people use it for milli on the internet.
&gt; we have to take their word at whatever their telling us, despite their abysmal track record with dates and schedules. No we don't. For that precise reason, their abysmal track record with dates, they've proven their word means next to nothing. Just because they've given a new date now doesn't mean anything changed in this regard. It's literally the same situation as in 2016 when they said SQ42 will release by the end of the year and everyone doubted it, but still kinda believed it because "they wouldn't say it so certainly unless it was actually true for a change". Or when they said that the VS was hours away due to minor animation glitches. Or when they said that the lessened 3.0 is aimed for Q1 2017. If there's one thing about CIG we can take as fact, it's that they never learn from past mistakes when it comes to dates. I see absolutely no reason why this should change now with this quarterly release, and I probably won't until we get some actual answers and information about the development rather than more vague promises and estimates from CR.
It also kinda throws into the water that popular fan theory of CIG's parallel development and how delays in one area don't impact development of other features. Like, where is your scanning, mining, NPC AI now? Where is the team working on basic combat, inventory management, HUDs and UI? Is the only real accomplishment for the UI team in 2 years really just the mobiglass and the starmap?
It's really disheartening when this is the *optimistic* estimate at this point.
&gt; Do you want Chris to detail out every feature ? Why ? Don't exaggerate, he doesn't have to "detail every single feature". He could however just say what he actually wants to do in a patch, and how. You know, similar to how plenty of other EA titles have weekly development blog posts that actually talk about the design and implementation of mechanics? And they don't have hundreds of employees and haven't crowdfunded millions that would justify such open development. I mean, we even used to have detailed blog posts about mechanics but I don't even remember the last time we got a new one.
The easiest way to discredit a real conspiracy theory is by calling it a conspiracy theory. It's well known that big gaming publisher companies do extremely shady, unethical and exploitative things to manipulate players from a psychological perspective. Just take a look at EA's matchmaking algorithm that matches low ranked players with high ranked players that own nice looking skins, with the idea that it would incentivize low-ranked players to associate high skill with good skins and make them buy them as well. Or entire companies existing just to optimize and design monetization tactics in games for maximum profits, that are constantly hired during the development phase (Jim Sterling talks about them all the time). And these are just few instances that became known - imagine how many things we know nothing about. Big companies do a ton of hidden stuff that we know nothing about, I really don't think theories like yours are that far from the truth. Riot at one point said how they intentionally create inbalance in champions so meta constantly changes and people remain interested in games and different champions rather than having a perfectly balanced, but stale, state of the game. I don't see that as that different from Rockstar and glitch manipulation.
Maybe they shouldn't be. Or at the very least, the act of hoarding and storage should be a strategy decision, not a "click 10 times to get it where you want it" chore. There are much worse games than Subnautica in this though.
I use a mod that practically disables them and I don't feel guilty at all, they're such a shitty and unmanageable mechanic. Especially since I find mountain bases really fun to build, dunno if it's all the time spent on DF but it feels much more immersive to me than building huge stone square buildings and walls all over the map.
I can't wait until people get finally sick of this battle royale modes and start making good games again instead of relying on twitch streamer wtf moments to make their game look cool.
Looks really cool, and I'm glad you decided to improve some things from gnomoria (unless it's just a dev tool and population work management / workbench crafting is not actually like that?). However, I gotta ask... you're obviously dedicated and at least somewhat skilled to be able to pull it off. Why did you decide to do a direct gnomoria copy rather than a different game from scratch? If not for gameplay, then at least for theme? Sooner or later, someone will try to pull this down since it uses (probably) copyrighted assets from Gnomoria?
Yeah lol, I mistyped 'if' but it seems I failed at the whole idiom anyway, probably because you can usually say when something is of no consequence? Idk, English is not my first language.
It might be a good intermediary mechanic, but it also kinda means that it overlaps with both mechanics and becomes thus kinda... redundant? &gt; More or less the same as provider chests and requester chests, except with the added component of needing capsules (like barrels) to transport the goods. But as you point it out yourself, isn't this basically just belts, or just logistic robots, with extra steps? I like the novelty of the idea and I'd love the "tshunk" noise (although I'm more a Futurama than a Jetsons person), but I don't really see it as useful in this concept. If it requires pipes, it's basically belts with with a lower or higher throughput. If it doesn't, or the pipes are on another "layer" so it doesn't interfere with regular belts, then it has the same issue as logistic robots - it makes correcting mistakes too easy, and is still a direct upgrade over belts.
Many people say that but honestly, is there anything else remotely similar to SC? The only possible contender is E:D and well... it's not really a good one, at least not if you want an MMO rather than NMS with even less content. edit: This wasn't bashing E:D, I like to hear about the game game but got bored playing it after a dozen hours... I'm legitimately wondering, is there anything good to look forward in the mmo space sim department in the next 5 years besides SC?
It's not even about length it seems - Mardroeme and Mushrooms have the same length. But for some reason they just want to simplify it, like it's the "kids first TCG"... But I imagine even kids would prefer cool sounding names over boring generic ones.
Well I dunno if it has been considered by the devs but I recently mentioned my idea - particular assemblers creating "boxes" of items instead of just items, like chests you'd move on the belt to another assembler that would then pull items from it. I guess it can be made to look like carts, or movable chests, or cardboard boxes or w/e - but it might be a good solution to improving belts with more bandwidth or capacity without having to just increase speed more, while adding some complexity in sorting, packaging and unpackaging the boxes. Basically, instead of an assembler creating 100 cogs every minute, it'd pop out a single box of 100 cogs.
Isn't the release in a few months, after which they'll shift a part of the development team to a new project? Honestly, while I hope that they make a game with solid pve basebuilding mechanics, at this point I don't think it's reasonable to expect much more than it's already in it, considering the progress they made in the last year or so. Even combat still looks really janky, and gathering/progression mechanics are as bad and boring as in Ark.
I loved Bastion and got into Transistor with high hopes. It's definitely a good looking and sounding game of high quality, but it just didn't click for me. Combat and combat progression was kinda boring and the music, while intriguing, was just too depressing for my taste, after around 3-4 hours I just wanted to take a break from the game. I'd rarely return since I didn't feel that invested into the characters, and every time I'd give the game another try I'd come to a similar part of the game and just give up. I can see why some people like it but I guess it just wasn't for me. Bastion got me hooked from the start with its world and the few characters we had, Transistor just kinda lacked the hook, something to get attached to.
Hey, sometimes some mindless grind is exactly what I need to relax. Especially if it's with a new frame or a weapon so the experience is a bit different. As long as you stop when it stops being fun, and aren't forced to do it constantly, grind isn't an inherently bad thing. On the other hand, that's probably why I'm still like rank 2 or 3 with Kudzu, and don't have a lot of focus points at my disposal :P
Stuff like this always makes me want to play a 3D Starbound! Imagine walking around a ship like that in 3D, with NPC crew and custom furniture.
I guess that's true. I'm always low on ducats though, can't bring myself to sell any prime parts - you never know when will Baro bring that primed streamline :P
I only have around a dozen and it still makes me scroll down IIRC. Not at home so I can't take a screenshot tho.
I'm so glad I waited for the release to complete the game, I'm so hyped about starting again! Looking forward to the 25th!
I actually got lucky with Ivara and got all her parts in only a few days of semi-casual farming :P Equinox on the other hand... ughhh. I think I had over 50 or 60 other parts before getting the last I needed.
Generous giveaway, thanks for doing this!
I would. Well, I did, like 2 months ago :P We don't know if you'll *have to* but it's possible, and will probably be recommended.
I'd rather they take their time and do it properly and let us customize the layout, font, size, background color and stuff like that as well, rather than to add just colors right now.
Just look at the thread score, less than 60% upvotes and 15 in total, with over 150 comments. This community has big issues facing reality.
Please take your meds.
I just hope these are actual gameplay / AI mechanics and not just lore flavor text about a faction.
I mean that's kind of an extreme situation that can never be resolved with belts. Even if they double or triple their speed or bandwidth, there will be someone who complains because it's not enough for his 1000+ mining productivity setups.
You only do it once per save tho. I don't think it's that bad to have to wait for a minute or two to generate a compelling world map. In factorio it might even take less time since it's only 2D and doesn't have npc settlements and history that DF simulates.
I always hoped they'd revisit biters and make them a bit more complex. Just look at what They Are Billions accomplished by combining base building with wave based defenses, it's pretty fun! Although I'd never say that Factorio should be as difficult, it could use some ideas from it, make it biters are fun to deal with, clear out and defend against instead of just spamming turrets everywhere and then forgetting about them. I think a few things should be added: 1. More slower, melee biters and less ranged ones, which would make it so we have to combine defenses and terrain layout and play it more like a tower defense game. After all, they're biters - not spitters :P 2. More types of defenses rather than just "damage". Why not have protective shield generation buildings that give shields to surrounding defenses? Forcewalls that can be connected to the circuit network and turned on and off dynamically? Shock turrets that stun biters instead of damaging them that much? 3. Different types of "damage" turrets. This "technically" exists since the flamethrower addition but doesn't work as well in practice - there should be a clear difference between a slngle-target and aoe turrets, with one being good against single strong enemies and the other strong against hordes. This would mean that you have to combine different techniques to defend against different enemy waves, instead of just having one best solution (usually laser turrets) for everything. And this could go on, about different types of biters, about their hives, about customizing turrets and their targeting priority, about loot from biters and hives (there should be something, I like the removal of alient artifacts but it should have been replaced by sth)... They put so much work in the other areas of the game, it was always weird to me that biters have been so neglected in the past few years.
Idk, flying or swimming biters sound just annoying to deal with since you can't rely on terrain to protect you and instead have to spam turrets literally everywhere around your base. My idea was to make it more tactical/strategic, so we have to design killboxes, combine crowd control effects and use logistics to deal with waves, not to solve every issue by just placing more turrets everywhere (which would be required for flying ones). It's why my first point was "more melee, less ranged biters" :P Complex biter bases could definitely be a good addition but I personally couldn't think of what would they add to the game. Ideally they'd make it so the central biter hive base would be connected to the surrounding ones, and defeating it would clear the surrounding biters as well (to reduce the tedium in clearing large areas in endgame), but this has been kinda solved with artillery trains so I doubt they'd change it further. It could also make it too easy now that we literally have nukes.
Yeah, but I never had a dog that could open locked doors and boxes and get into the pantry to eat stuff on his own. And realism is hardly a good gameplay justification :P
I'm at the last stage of crafting my legendary armor. While I'm finishing collecting provisioning tokens and LI, I'm trying to see what else could be problematic. 2 things stand out: 1. Mystic clovers - what's the best way to get them nowadays? Just that RNG crafting recipe or is there something new that's better? 2. Ball of dark energy - I imagine the best thing to do here is salvage ascended weapons, should I just continue raiding and salvage the drops there or is there another cheaper way to obtain these balls? I'd appreciate any answers from veteran legendary crafters :P
*stargate themes stars playing* Imagine stargates with chevrons locking in, draining massive amounts of energy, but enabling trains to go through them while they're open.
If that's the justification to obscure player stats, then they might as well hide the rank, or character levels, or the border around the portrait.
https://www.reddit.com/r/RimWorld/comments/7nl5ba/typical_tuesday_suggestion_thread_january_02_2018/ds2qxi7/ If you want to get into it.
Do you maybe have a respected / legitimate research to link for the java speed claim, that it's not slow any more? I just want to have a proper source the next time I'm assaulted by other webdevs for liking java.
&gt; Salvaging raid weapons only yields shards, no balls of dark energy Ughhh... that sucks. I hoped I'd finally find some use for all those Cairn pistols he keeps dropping... Thanks for saying this before I started salvaging them. Salvaging armor is gonna hurt tho :(
Hey, first of all thanks for the detailed answer - I don't mind being singled out, if anything I'm grateful you paid any mind to my hastily written post that at some parts sounds confusing even to me now. I'm glad you understood the general gist, which was the idea to streamline the UI so it's more intuitive where to find particular options instead of them always being possibly located in multiple locations (especially once you factor in the mods). I also want to say that I don't consider these things "blockers" for the release - after all, the original post was written in the weekly suggestion thread 2 weeks ago, I just wanted to write about things I think can improve the game in a major way. But I do think some things could be improved before launch because if veteran players have issues finding the relevant information and options, the grandmas and kids will probably have an even more difficult time. As you know the first impression is the most important one, and UI plays a big part in that. I'm glad that you're taking steps to improve this, especially in the long unsorted lists, and I'm hoping crafting workstation window is next (there is really a lot of clicking and submenus involved there, especially once you get into selecting custom ingredients or comparing stats between items). Features like restricting colonist use, sharing/copying orders between multiple stations would be nice to have but are not critical, I agree - they can be added down the line, if you plan to continue working on rimworld (as you said, 5 years is already generous but if you're willing to do it, I'm sure people would support continual development with paid DLCs - I know I would). As for the areas, what I was trying to say (but then I zealously over-complicated it) was that it should simply be all on a single location/window with standardized control schemes. At the very least it would unclutter the orders architect menu. Similar thing for work/restrict, it's not something that can be easily solved and would require a lot of work for little gain, so I'll admit this is mostly subjective and inconsequential in the grand scheme of things. But that's what the suggestion threads are for after all ;) In any case, I'm looking forward to 1.0 and/or all future projects of yours. I hope the success of the game speaks louder than reddit and our criticisms of the game, which are usually blown out of proportion, and that you know that we only do it because we care.
And clothing -&gt; [literally everything under the sun in random order](https://i.imgur.com/3s7FSfc.png). Want to compare stats? Can't even open them from this screen. Want to easily select an ingredient? Good luck finding it in the additional window that pops out. Want to create just a few items? Add them all as repeatable tasks and have them stay there (might as well have all of them in the UI at "produce zero" in the first place, and then just let us immediately set how many to produce). Even gnomoria managed to do it all in a [single neat window](http://i.imgur.com/Izx4uGa.png) It can also get pretty [ridiculously complicated](https://i.imgur.com/EPqoHvo.png) with some mods because of these restrictions. Why not have sortable list by types? Why not tree based structures so you can easily find what you need? Why not icons next to each entry? Why not have them immediately in a list like in gnomoria and just add to queue ones you want produced?
I mean, it's probably just as wrong to assume that it *will* get updated. Dunno if Tynan has decided yet but personally, after 5 years of working on Rimworld on his own, I wouldn't blame him at all if he just decided to go do something else.
I really miss something like that in GW2, something that you build up from nothing and then can enjoy later. All other MMOs had some sort of a long term reputation system, or personal housing, or NPCs that you manage, which added some simple replayability and low effort enjoyment to the game. I haven't found anything like that in gw2 yet, it's all just zergs or instanced content which while fun at times, sometimes take just too much time and effort, especially if you depend on a timer or on a pug.
I really hoped we'd get our "personal" DW guild hall in PoF. After all, HoT added them and PoF could have expanded on them, right? Something for the solo player (or one with 1-2 friends) so it can stand aside from regular guild activities that require 5-10+ people. Then give us some fun solo weekly missions to start from there, let us talk to our guild mates and other NPCs that we meet/save/recruit in the hall, stuff like that. We could even have our other "logged off" characters wander around the hall maybe? I'd could be amazing.
Where do the trains go if "dropoff" stations are all full and disabled though? Don't you still need a queue / parking spot in front of them for these trains? What happens if a station is disabled while a trail is still moving towards it?
How much was this just a hollywood misconception rather than inaccurate history though? There had to have been records or copies of the non-jousting armor that would prove this earlier.
&gt; There are people who play Black Desert Online and all they do in that game are life skills. This includes farming (literal farms with seeds you can plan as crops and special things you can produce from those crops), trading (merchant wagons that carry trade goods between towns and sell items for a profit), managing a worker empire (NPCs that gather specific resources from around the world) and fishing. Damn, this almost makes me want to start playing BDO.
Hmm... The second issue can be solved by not using roundabouts, right? Dunno what to do about the first, could we maybe add some sort of a SR latch or another circuit so it only signals once, to a single train, instead of sending the whole herd?
For non-CM runs I don't think anyone cares as long as you know how to handle yourself in them.
"Hidden gems" Opus Magnum and West of Loathing? One was all over the news recently over the GOG thing, and Zachtronics games are relatively pretty popular, and the other is based on a pretty popular and successful webgame and has had a ton of praise from TB.
Yeah, *someday* after release, maybe we should pitch the idea in 2030
Ehh, I wouldn't say it has that many jump scares. If anything it's the dark mysterious atmosphere and lack of clear navigation that makes it very tense and scary at times, the threat of enemies rather than them jumping at you. Although everyone will probably experience a small panic attack the first time they see one of the bigger hostile creatures :P
But... if it's saved automatically whenever you add a new buff (I imagine, since there is no separate save button), won't "reapply" do nothing since it will load that exact same, current, configuration? Just refresh it basically? So what is the point of it all, what's the use case, if it doesn't carry over instances?
Yeah I really miss accessories from Terraria. The powers and armor in SB don't come even close to the customization and progression I had in Terraria, it feels like a huge step back.
The only thing cyclops needs to be a perfect vehicle for me is to be able to carry both a seamoth and the prawn. Everything else is just right IMHO, and led me to have a ton of immersive fun in Subnautica. edit: And well the lockers on the bottom, it should be a single big locker instead of many small ones.
Speak for yourself, that's one of the most satisfying things for me to do :P
And the same thing hopefully applies to Cyclops when surfacing!
On one hand that would make sense, but I think I'd personally get annoyed if I had to wait even 1-2 seconds every time for the (de)pressurization when entering and exiting - I'm kinda used to being able to easily and quickly hop in and out of bases.
Who says I'm fine with it :P. It's pretty annoying to have to do that all the time.
Optimal/most efficient way to get a ton of crafting mats needed for the legendary armor gifts? Do I just farm gold in RIBA and buy off TP, do I use laurels, do I just farm them myself or is there another option?
Dragon Age 2
Feels like I see this exact same question every 2 days. Things wrong with Andromeda could have never been fixed with a few patches, it's fundamentally flawed and uninspired. https://www.reddit.com/r/ShouldIbuythisgame/comments/7r8gu5/mass_effect_andromeda_is_it_worth_it_after_all/dsv479j/
I'm just happy about territories actually meaning something thanks for hyperlane-only maps and choke points. I really hope the map generation can support "continental-like" map with "islands", I always loved these maps in RTS and 4x games.
On one hand I agree - PDX has become greedy and Stellaris was a trainwreck at release (and still mostly is). Their continual support doesn't mean that much if the core game is fundamentally flawed, unfinished and riddled with bugs, because it feels like they're ripping us off on an unfinished product and we have to pay for them to fix it. However, at the end of the day (or after a few years), their games do become really really good thanks to the dlc policy, which would have never happened otherwise. If I had to choose between no current-day CK2 or Stellaris, or a mediocre game at the launch, I'd still choose their greedy dlc policy since at the end of it, we get a pretty good game. I'd make a similar argument for Rimworld DLCs - you can always play the vanilla game and mod it if you want, but if other people want to fund it further with any arbitrary amount of money, I'm in because it means the game continues to get updates. And Rimworld has a ton of different areas in which it could improve or expand.
It did? I found all companions either cliches or SJW tropes, and there wasn't really a strongly characterized protagonist or antagonist in the game either. I played for 10-20 hours and couldn't find a single likeable person that'd keep me interested in playing more, including my own character... The only one I kinda found interesting was the addict paladin guy but as most bioware male companions, he was kinda too whiny and edgy at times.
Honestly I hope they just keep silent after they release 2.0, at least for a month or two, so I can fully enjoy it :P Yeah the logical solution would be to just not read the dev blog posts and this subreddit but let's be real... that's probably not going to happen.
All bethesda games have this issue of "floatiness" to me, it makes me really hard to enjoy basic stuff like movement, combat or even just interacting with stuff.
Wouldn't it be easier to just add a thruster to the prawn tho? :P A back upgrade that allows you to thrust horizontally as well as vertically, and for a longer period of time. Not as fast as a seamoth, but at least it would allow you to go to pressures that seamoth can't stand (and somehow I doubt this ms paint *construction* could stand big pressures anyway :P )
Which is ridiculous, not only most people don't read the patch notes (at all, or in such detail), the hint itself is too vague to be useful information.
I forgot how much I enjoyed linear games until I played dishonored and doom 2016 recently. Looking forward to more good singleplayer games like that!
The same argument could have been made for individually rendered ships in fleets and fights yet the mad lads actually did it. And if they make the economy system abstract enough, if it's just numbers and stats for planets, it *shouldn't* be *that* taxing on the system.
I've had numerous farms on my ships since alpha and I'm pretty sure I've seen screenshots of ships with trees in them.
Just because there are different ways to solve a puzzle (a level) doesn't mean it's not a linear game. You're still pretty much moving in a straighforward, set, scripted line.
&gt; But it’s not a straightforward scripted line? How is it not? It's a bunch of linear levels with a clear beginning and an end, and in between you have a bunch of environmental or combat puzzles you have to solve to reach the end. It has nothing with the end goal, but it has everything to do with level design.
I will, thanks! I heard good things about them but haven't had the chance to play them yet. Do you recommend starting with the old ones or skip right to the modern releases?
Heeeyy, I loved it :D It was awesome to walk into it and see all the lava and bridges around, made me think of a real hellish level. Ironic, considering hell itself didn't look similar at all :P
Honestly I just want auto-build focus options on a planet basis, like cities in Civ. Seems like a better solution than sectors tbh, especially if you want to have specialized planets that you don't all keep in your cores.
Is there even anything to test? I thought it was in the development abyss just like the settlements / npc ai.
Idk, I think they'd be way too annoying if they were actually smart. The reason I like playing mountain maps the most is precisely because you have a well defended fortress with one entrance, like in the good olde days in DF with a drawbridge, and I imagine the appeal is similar for other people. I can't understand how can anyone think it'd be fun to have to defend normal bases from all possible angles with walls doing next to nothing (which would happen if sappers actually intelligently dug for your weak spots and then let raiders inside, instead of going for a predictable spot).
Honestly a blacklist/whitelist of colonists at each workbench should have be a vanilla feature. It's very important for some tasks and it doesn't seem like that difficult of a feature, mechanically... gnomoria and df both have it as well.
They're not very consistent and I found some really weird and bad translations, I guess it's just luck which version you find first. There's probably a relevant resource on the witcher sub. I still found the books pretty enjoyable and fun though.
Doesn't that defeat the entire point of freezing your base then since infestations can appear in these heated rooms?
True, I hoped it'd be like that as well but I always knew it's a long shot considering we barely get any customizeable armors any more, it's all about the outfits - no reason to expect mounts would behave different :P
They sound so fake and forced I practically gag whenever I see them.
I can't believe that with all their UI work and dedicated UX teams they managed to create a cockpit that not only has screens that are cut off by the player's FoV, but *also* have them overlapping at the same time. And then they made them transparent and even harded to read. And laid them out in a completely un-intuitive arbitrary layout... and then in the end, still don't show all the relevant information while constantly displaying some that are completely irrelevant for the current situation. Their HUDs and cockpits fail in practically every single area and I think it's extremely embarrassing to still not know if they're even remotely similar to their final vision, or if they plan to completely change them, at this stage of development. Considering they haven't said a word so far, I tend to believe we'll be stuck with them forever, since even if they wanted to change them - they've never demonstrated the ability to actually make them better.
I meant more in terms of actual positioning of the huds, not their content, but there are examples of both - velocity gauge on the freelancer is on the far end of the dashboard, the radar is somehow off-center to the right. On the Andromeda HUD, you have maneuvering toggles (comstab, g safety, etc) right there in front of you while they should probably be someone off to the side since they're not that critical that they should obscure your main view, you don't really check them all the time during flight or combat. The top three panels are not aligned to the top, are not aligned to the strut and have a ton of wasted space around them - if they were more compact and embedded in the hull of the ship, they'd be easier to read, easier to find and would still use up less space when it comes to the pilot's visibility. Honestly I can't think of the huds as anything but a placeholder, but then again I can't possibly understand why are they continually working on and improving the same placeholder for the past 3 years or so instead of replacing it with something better. They continually, repeatedly keep putting flavor over function and I don't see it improve at all in any of the designs.
&gt; The whole point of the hyperlane change is to make it easier for new players Not really, the point of the change was to make it so territories and strategy become relevant by introducing chokepoints, among other things. It has nothing to do with new player experience afaik.
Inquisition did everything bad that andromeda had, if anything andromeda was just a logical continuation of practices that started with DA:I. Why wouldn't they get lumped together, they have practically the exact same formulaic soulless design to characters and areas.
Which AW missions do people usually do?
Oh, I never heard that one before.
Ughh this will be a very long month of waiting :P
I still prefer the Utopia trailer but this one is chilling as well!
Add Gaslamp Games to the pile... I was so excited and hopeful about Clockwork Empires, especially since their previous title Dungeons of Dredmor was so good. Some of the new ideas they added to CE would have made it the best basebuilder game at the time...
I tried that once and in a few hours my inventory took forever to open and close, it was definitely never intended for such big scales :P
Would that be fun though?
Check out Elex, but be warned it's a bit more ... difficult to get into, not as streamlined as the more popular games you listed. Very satisfying once you get the hang of it tho.
Yeah I know what you mean. It's really a shame when small indie studios like Unknown Worlds, Wube (Factorio), Tynan of Rimworld fame, Prison Architect guys or even Dual Universe people, can push out more regular and detailed updates about their development process and update goals than the massive multimillion SC project that has entire departments with dozens of people dedicated just to marketing. And then important stuff like this gets "lost" and "miscommunicated", and people are surprised that it changed "months ago". SC doesn't even come close to open development, and if minor stuff like this doesn't show it - it should have been painfully obvious to everyone ever since the original 2014 SQ42 debacle, or the 2016 situation with delays and announcements that aren't even close to realization even 2 years later... I could have believed it was naivete or wishful thinking on CR's part back then, but I'm reasonably sure they're just bullshitting through now.
Ehh, when they can spawn in the most illogical of places, with no warning or signs to let you at least somewhat prepare or contain it, when they can slaughter people and animals before I get even a single colonists there to fight them.... it ain't that fun either, it's just shitty rng.
Can't you do that with existing vehicles already though? You can sleep in them and I imagine you can load the truck/van vehicles with plenty of items in the back. Sure you don't physically move through the interior, but that's not really necessary for survival?
I mean there are plenty of good ideas, both complex and simple. If they want to keep it consistent with the current design, they could just let us hire notaries and make them hire/train troops in cities on their own, over time, like maintaining a permanent garrison of troops we pick. Take the rabble from nearby villages and turn them into guards, for example. And then later if we need reinforcements or want them to transfer troops to another fief, we should be able to just send a messenger and tell them to do it, instead of dragging out entire slow army across the continent to do it in person. It's more practical, fun and immersive, stuff like this that doesn't add to the enjoyment of the game should be made as straightforward as possible.
If it's an online "games as service" game, I can see why they wouldn't allow them \- at least not as extensively as in the singleplayer games.
Just Cause 3. Ever since it was first released, people kept complaining about it and how bad it is, especially compared to the 2nd one. Well, I bought it recently when it was heavily discounted and I'm having a blast \(no pun intended\). It's all worth it just for the wingsuit \- it's my favorite mode of transportation, in any game I've ever played! Which is a good thing considering how hard it is to drive in the game, the vehicles are impossible to handle... But anyway, the wingsuit is amazing! The map is beautiful! I imagine I'll get bored of it before completing the game, but the first 10\-20 hours are really enjoyable. If the later upgrades are as fun as they look, maybe the game will last even longer.
Of course, no offense taken \- it's why I'm asking, I do want to improve. It's kinda obvious that I can't do it on my own since I keep savescumming all the time, which takes all the fun out of it. &gt;For instance, do you know that every time you take an Overwatch shot, it's a \-40&amp;#37; to your aim penalty? And here I thought I'm better off using overwatch as much as possible since they'd be out of cover and caught unaware when I shoot them. I'll give the videos a watch, there's probably a ton of stuff I'm doing wrong which cumulatively leads to terrible performance. Thanks!
I get what you're saying, but currently if I were to just continue playing and let losses be losses, I'd be stuck with rookies only in a matter of an hour :P. Maybe after I get better at the game I can afford to let an occasional loss go but until then, I'm happy to complete a mission with half my team gravely wounded \(rather than dead\).
Yeah that's exactly what I'm talking about! I mean even in vanilla, there's just so many stuff you keep finding that either don't have a practical use at that moment, or a use at all. Or maybe it's the most crucial thing ever that you wish you were collecting since the start \(like the garbage bags for example, for rain collectors later, since apparently other types of plastic aren't good enough\). And then you have all the pens, twine, rope, towels, alcohol, forks and spoons, 10 types of pans, pots or bowls... and hydrocraft multiplies this by 20. Maybe the author is just into that but IMO, if he actually cut out 50&amp;#37; of stuff in the mod that is redundant or useless, it'd be much more enjoyable.
And a game that is finished according to plan and schedule because of good project management is also going to be good, unlike a game that is constantly delayed and keeps revisiting/implementing mechanics until the last moment before release. Infinite development time doesn't guarantee or even indicate an excellent game, if anything it's more telling of troubled development. It's a pretty shitty quote.
Yeah seems like my best bet would be to just restart and do it *better*. I somehow managed armor with my grenadier shred on attack \+ grenades, but then I got to the facility mission where turrets with 3 armor \+ shieldbearers that manage to fire off their ability kinda wreck me, since then the enemies have at least 2 turns of firing on me because I can't kill them asap. And true, I still had basic weapons \- I prioritized getting armor over weapons which was probably a mistake in retrospect, considering killing enemies prevents them from firing in the first place. And yeah, I haven't really used consumables at all, I'm too frugal with them. Sounds like I definitely have to change my mindset for xcom 2.
I won't say that it's a perfect show or that it's even good all the time \- s2 has been even weirder than usual and it remains to be seen if all the teasing and buildup is actually worth it in the end \- but it's a really unique show and I want to see more. It has a great cast, amazing cinematography and does stuff I haven't seen in any other shows, and it is a breath of fresh air among all other formulaic superhero shows. Even though half of the time I have no idea what is going on. It's still enjoyable to watch and try to understand tho.
That's some extreme mental gymnastics you're doing over there to justify his behavior. Especially considering all the previous lies / dishonesty / dodging around the issue maneuvers CR has been involved with since the start of this project \(the whole original SQ42 and ArCom thing \- weeks not months away?\). He's full of crap and if you look at what he's been doing instead of what he's saying for the past 6 years, it becomes crystal clear, it's not even up for debate since there's literal proof of what he said, when he said it and why it was objectively impossible at the time.
It's not donation and it's not charity, *per legal terms.* Otherwise you wouldn't pay taxes on every *purchase*.
Well you're the one who brought up charity or donations, not me. And if I go to buy fruit from the store, I get actual fruit as a product. I haven't received such a product from CIG yet. So I'm not sure what your point is, is it a charity or is a product? And from what I remember, CIG always prided themselves on transparent development and were really upfront when they needed money so... are you contesting that as well? And btw, a more apt analogy would be that I paid a farmer to grow an orchard and give me 30 apples within 4 years when the trees grow and bear fruit. He agreed and said that there's no problem, I can even give him more money to grow more apples in that period. Then he got 10 times as much as he asked, now it's been 6 years and he's still planting, but now he's also planting dozens of other fruit types along with apples, that are nowhere to be seen. And if I try to ask "well what happened to my apples", I get a bunch of random strangers, who bought oranges, yelling at me that "I have no right to demand what the farmer did with my money". I don't particularly care for these random strangers with their nonsensical yelling, to be completely honest.
It's a cheap move to intentionally misunderstand and twist another person's words just so you can pretend you don't understand them. I'm just saying he's a dishonest businessman, not a villain. He doesn't eat babies, just naive backers like yourself. Don't go all "extreme religious fanatic" on me. But considering you use phrases like "the most awesome shit" \(twice\), for a game that's barely playable and has like few hours of content, I don't have high hopes for a rational discussion with you anyway.
I don't have wotc \(yet\). If it gets a good discount in the upcoming steam summer sale I might get it though. I've seen mimic beacons recommended already... Are they consumable, do I have to "build" them again after using them? I always assumed it works like that so I didn't dare use them because they're kinda expensive at the start. I've been reading up all the answers and watching videos and it seems my biggest mistakes were using overwatch incorrectly, not utilizing full cover and height advantage enough, and not getting improved weapons and gadgets soon enough. I'll be starting a new playthrough soon and see if it goes better this time, I imagine these things will make a huge difference. If mimics are reusable then I'll start bringing them to every mission as well.
I have some DLCs but I've heard that they make the game a bit too easy, and I can understand that after getting the rocket boat. I think I've seen the wingsuit booster mission deep into enemy territory so I left it for later, but I have to admit I'm tempted to just rush there and complete it :P
Two Worlds 2 maybe? I vaguely remember playing it as a mage and having a blast, although the game is buggy, janky and probably very outdated by now.
And that DVa definitely wasn't a starcraft pro because that'd be ridiculous and raise all kinds of questions. She just used to play it casually.
Okay sure, but it was \(jokingly\) part of her initial introduction and people liked it. They could have gone with it instead of bothering to correct it, when it doesn't really change that much in the end if starcraft existing in the overwatch universe is still canon anyway. Just seems kinda petty and inconsequential :P
Maybe they feel vibrations/tremors in the ground, like the bugs in firefall when you start thumping for resources.
This is the type of lore content we need in hots, not a short comic and 2 themed skins!
It's literally the first thing I noticed and mentioned when it was first added \- the contrast is too high and it somewhat hurts/tires my eyes if you spend a long reading it. If I switch to old RES night mode or to the mobile client it's immediately more comfortable.
If they had a nexus\-logo keychain thingy I'd probably get that in a second!
It's still possible, you can siphon into a gas canister. But I don't know if it spoils, and it's still not an infinite source. But from my limited experience I'd say it's not a huge issue, gas seems plentiful and you don't use it that much. I only wish we had a better way of storing it in our base, finding a meaningful number of gas canisters is a bigger problem...
The finale better be worth all this waiting and buildup... I feel like nothing's been happening the entire season except vague psychological rambling. Kudos to the writers if it all manages to get together in a sensible way in the end, but I kinda have a feeling that we'll get some questions answered, most ignored or obfuscated even more and a dozen more will be opened as a cliffhanger for the next season.
To be honest, no it's not. That option in overwatch is just a bit more advanced matchmaking / lfg from what I can see, it's a temporary thing and after you get into a game, it's pretty much irrelevant. What we've been asking in hots is a clan/guild system which would add a bit more persistence to the social aspect, let us create bigger communities and then form groups out of these. Like more advanced, user friendly and easier to market, channels or discord groups. You'd slowly add like minded, friendly people to it and form a bigger and bigger pool of players that play together, rather than having to play with complete strangers. Personally I'd rather take "folders for contacts" than this lfg. There's no guarantee that the players you'll find through this system are any better than the ones you get with random matchmaking.
What more do you want, for me to transcribe the entire plot in detail, word for word? To write the entire red baron quest line here? Write a 5 page essay on character development on Dandelion, yennefer, Ciri, lambert or any other major npc, go through their complex arcs, emotions and nuances in behavior and manage to describe it well enough in a reddit post in a few sentences? Go through every dialogue in heart of stone or gush over individual sidequests in b&amp;w? Would naming them help when you haven't even played them? I told you what makes the game stand out and what is it so popular, which is what you asked. If you want specifics go play the game. Or watch that 30min super bunny hop commentary on tw3. And btw, you haven't answered a single question I asked.
I loved that one! There were 2 lanes IIRC and it was pretty hard, people always did it with coordinated groups and consumables
First of all, I did not say they were lazy, just that they took the laziest possible simplistic approach to realizing this particular feature. Whether that's to budgeting, them not caring, them just being bad at it or them actually being lazy, is completely irrelevant to the discussion \- the end result is what matters, and I've said enough about its shortcomings so I don't think there's any need to repeat myself. Secondly, WoW released way before GW2 and it has amazing UI that's also customizeable to an impressive degree, so "it's from 2012" is a pretty shitty excuse. Or you can even compare it to GW1 if you want something even more relevant to the situation. So even if they managed to screw up and made a system that even harder to maintain or iterate upon, in an MMO game that was supposed to be an improvement over their previous one, it's a mistake they have to fix, not one that we have to defend. Lastly, applying some basic design principles to UI won't increase the required budget that dramatically. If someone there gave a shit and just tried to make it right from the start it'd be a non\-issue, but instead even a simple list has 2 types of navigation that are literally on opposite sides of the window. And if this is beyond their skills or capabilities of engine, then they are incompetent, and I don't mean this maliciously but just as a matter of fact. They have their strengths and some incredible technical successes in GW2 and the game works reasonably well otherwise but if this is how far their UI work can go, then that's just hilarious. I couldn't give a shit about your comments on my programming skills because I have no need to defend my expertise and I don't care about yours. Anyone can claim anything on the internet and if you think saying something like that gives you any credibility, you're wrong. So stop exaggerating and twisting my words, I did not imply that they have to step away from making short term profit, nor that they have to "throw money on feature after feature". I did not imply this is a huge priority, just that it's a disappointment and that if they were unable to realize a simple list in a more satisfying and user friendly way, there's no way they can realize something as extensive and complex as what OP is proposing. And the point that you keep bringing that it's just a business, so what? Since when do businesses not care about the quality of their product or consumer satisfaction? How is that an excuse in any way for things you've mentioned so far? If anything, it should mean they should care even more since its where their pay comes from, while if it were a hobby they do in their free time it'd be reasonable if they just focus on what \*they\* prefer.
Why wouldn't I be able to write a response for a case that he's genuinely curious, even though I might have a suspicion that he's just part of a hate bandwagon that hasn't even played the game enough to form his own opinion? Is my response in any way dishonest or untrue regardless of which group he belongs to? As for "broken quen", you're talking about game balance in a singleplayer game and implying it makes the entire game broken. It wasn't true for assassin's creed with parries and it's not here, because the game is not primarily about combat. If you're so sick of it, you can always play on a lower difficulty, not use quen, and/or install the combat rebalance mod. Also, why are you even assuming that all signs should be balanced equally? They are circumstantial tools and even if quen is the most useful one, that might be just the way it was intended, like using a shield in a zelda game. It's better to use other signs against particular monsters anyway, or at least combine them \- just spamming quen forever is not the optimal way to play. Why use quen when you can prevent some monster attacks with yrden and sidestep? Or if you can stagger them with aard/igni? Or use axii to slow them down and kill them, making quen irrelevant? Or other bombs you can use, dimeritium or poison/fire combinations? It's really weird to me that people criticize TW3 for combat when, as I've said before, it was never meant to beat dark souls that is basically exclusively focused on it. And it's still better than in most other open world RPG games.
You could even say that he's just a supporting character and Ciri is the protagonist around whom the story revolves. And the fact that dlcs focus on lengthy quests that don't have the entire world at stake is such a refreshing change.
I only discovered that this exists after I've completed all there's to do in the lava biome... God I had to make so many back trips to the lost river because of the energy leeches :(
The skill system might be sensible for multiplayer where each player can focus on just one tree \- you have a dedicated cook, carpenter, mechanic or doctor who only have to worry about their job. But in singleplayer that's just not true and it's easily to be overwhelmed by it. The fact that each of these jobs has dozens of recipes, ingredients, tools, or relevant mechanic also doesn't make it better. I know some people want NPCs because of it, they think they can delegate some of these tasks to them to simulate a multiplayer environment but they're never going to be smart and independent enough for this. Frankly the last game I just cheated my way to maxed out crafting skills and while some of the progression is gone, at least I can enjoy the game and scavenging without literally wasting my time waiting for a book progress bar to finish, among other things.
Is this just a re\-skinned destiny? Does bioware even exist any more or is it just activision with a different name? I was somewhat interested in this but now... it's just fancy graphics and 0 compelling gameplay mechanics.
&gt; AAA Warframe I'd love to see a game like that tbh but after the division, wildlands, destiny and other AAA attempts at copying it... they just don't provide the same long term support for their games like DE does for warframe. If all they do is release a few paid DLCs every 6 months and then when their profits drop, just ditch it altogether and release a new sequel, I'm never going to abandon warframe in their favor. And it seems like that's the AAA model nowadays, games as as service but only for a few years while it suits them.
I always dismissed these videos because of these things, I've never been more wrong in my life. They're amazing and just so pure and innocent and fun
The tinder profiles are hilarious, took me a minute to get why Illidan was outraged at the "I'm looking for:" field :D
I'm not OP so I'm just guessing, maybe there's a better reason :P Personally I rather use the bags that actually save space, I'd just load them with as much stuff as possible and then throw them on passenger seats in vehicles. But definitely get the "quick inventory transfer" perk if you plan to do a lot of item management this way...
I actually got past the initial learning curve and managed to establish a settlement and explore around a bit. The issue was... nothing was really happening? I wasn't ever attacked (after the initial 'wander around and get knocked out a few times' period), bandit groups would just go past my town. I built walls and ballistas and never had a chance to use them. There was a trading post but nobody ever actually came to trade. I'd produce a lot of bread and mine iron/stone/copper whatever and just sell it to a nearby town and I had more than enough money for anything. I actually ran out of people to recruit since it seemed like they were statically added, once you hire one from a town that's it. Basically there was nothing there to do. I could continue researching but it required some ancient journals that were nowhere to be found, people said I needed to explore so I spend hours walking around empty landscapes and abandoned structures that didn't have anything in them. Finding other towns with NPCs that had no unique interactions with me, who just stood there and either insulted, attacked or ignored me. I really like the idea, the design and the execution of the game, but I really had no idea what to do in it. That was a few years ago so it might have changed since then, but for me it seemed just like another EA game with a solid idea but lack of actual content and fun gameplay loops. Like, if it actually had proper structured raids/attacks like in dwarf fortress, rimworld or clockwork empires... or if it actually had a bit more complex resource management loop rather than just waiting for ores to be mined, and farms to grow food you can sell instantly... Or if exploration had more to it, if all these areas had interesting stuff going on... if there were dynamic faction relations and an engaging diplomacy... If your NPCs weren't just automatons that can do their 3 assigned tasks forever but had other needs as well...
Tbh it's probably been more than a year ago. I know it was in the last stage before release then, the dev said he'll be focusing on bugfixes and optimization before a 1.0 release so I wasn't expecting any huge changes or additions to the game. I guess something changed if it had such drastic changes in the last year though. People always say that there are huge changes but it's rarely true, the core gameplay loops usually remain the same. I've checked now and a "huge update" was the 0.98 one around 3 months ago, and it improved the health system (amputating limbs) and crossbows. I imagine that's huge for some people but for me personally it doesn't change the stuff I mentioned before. Granted, there's a ton of performance, balance or qol stuff as well but the core game is the same. I could be completely wrong, I kinda want to be wrong since the game really looks interesting, but I've been burned by too many EA games to give this one the benefit of the doubt.
I don't like rimworld as much as other people do apparently, I think it relies on cheap RNG fuckery to prolong the gametime too much instead of actually being challenging... at least once you're past the initial learning curve. However I do think it'd be a good fit for you since it's literally about building a community in a hostile environment, and despite the flaws, unfortunately it is the best example of a base builder game.
&gt;For legal purposes, Star Citizen is defined as a complete and released game. You therefore cannot get refunds after the 14 day window. Defined where? Where did you pull this from? It clearly states everywhere, both on the website and in the client, that this is still an alpha build. You even mentioned in your post "alpha 3.0", so which one is it? Fully released and completed or still in alpha? I don't disagree with you, I think the progress is terrible and CIG focuses too much on marketing and selling hollow ships because it's more profitable than releasing a game "so soon", but twisting words and telling stuff that isn't true makes you as bad as all the fanatical defenders of the game, and will just make your point less valuable or trustworthy.
Help I still can't get this song out of my head lol
I feel like you've skipped the entire part of where I'm saying that devoting any amount of resources to multiplayer would be at a cost of the singleplayer, and how the game's design as a singleplayer game (in terms of atmosphere, balance and gameplay) would be drastically different if it were a cooperative multiplayer game.
People said the same thing in 2016 since it was suppose to be released back then... And then in 2017... And now in 2018. And they'll probably show off the same mission as last year with some additions and people will be all "wow it's so much further than last year" even though it's probably still years from being done. They don't even have the most basic stuff solved.
If you don't mind old niche indie games, Haven and Hearth.
I mean Legion kinda fits... But I'd never compare it to willy wonka lol
Keep in mind it has a steep learning curve and it takes a while to get to the point where you can comfortably have a secure, functional big farm with chickens, cows or other farm animals. Helps to have as many friends as possible, it's a community game and as such, almost unplayable solo.
Being able to play with people on your contact list for short periods of time without having to dedicate 3 hours in advance to travel to their location if they're far away always sounded like a nice idea. This was supposed to incentivize / make it more convenient to crew other people's ships instead of just always piloting your own. I'm not sure why people are happy to see it gone, there would have probably been restrictions so it can't be abused. Even EVE has jump clones after all...
On the other hand, maybe a reality check like that is precisely what they need at this point.
Anthem seems a AAA warframe, which probably just means it has more polish and less content, and won't be supported as well, and as long. Fallout 76 is just the next battle royale game and has very little rpg value just like Ark, rust, or Conan exiles. Cyberpunk is the only one I'm hyped for.
I really hope we eventually return to the glory days of single-player games. I'm tired of everything having a shoe horned multiplayer just so the game has more longevity while requiring less content for the devs to make. Imagine sea of thieves but single player, in style of sid Meiers pirates! or pirates of the carribean (the game).
It is objectively factually not since many games have progression without travel. It can be a part of it but it is not a requirement, it is something in the way of progression. At least in the way you're arguing for.
Have you played EVE? I know it doesn't have physicalized "real" combat but from a strategic/tactical perspective, it did it pretty well. You couldn't dogfight and avoid missiles but you could maximize/minimize transversal velocity which affected your gun precision. You had to enter the fight prepared, know how to manage your modules and recognize the ones the enemy uses, use the tools at your disposal to maintain proper range and velocity, call and focus targets in an organized and speedy manner... I mean, if it is like you've said, and no space dogfighting will ever feel "right" because we simply miss all these little things that would make it as fun as WW2 dogfighting... maybe then they should focus on other things to make it work. Make ships slow but transfer all the action to command stations, turrets, ship positioning and maneuvering but at low speeds. Basically, make it more like world of tanks / world of airships, but in 3D. That could work? Imagine big slow battleships making broadside attacks like in battlestar galactica, rather than everything flipping and doing 360 like the one\-person fighters in it. Even something like a freelancer or a constellation should be slow as fuck, and rely on shields and defense systems to survive rather than maneuverability.
Okay this looks amazing. It's obvious they are copying Factorio, and I have really high doubts they can match it in terms of content, support and pure passion that Wube have for Factorio... but the trailers make it look really good. I'm impressed that they managed to have even vehicles (ground *and* flying ones!) and the big factories look impressive, but I still have to see actual gameplay, tech and performance before getting my hopes up for real. Geez, just saying that makes me feel like I'm cheating on Factorio... edit: And modding goes without saying, a bit part of Factorio's success and replayability comes from mods. If this game doesn't have good support for it, it's a huge minus right off the start.
Two of my favorite games! But it feels weird to even hope for a good result when it's being done by goat simulator devs lol...
Well naturally, because it's been 5 years and many research teams worked on the issue :P
It's easier to create a shallow sandbox and just force pvp and pit players against each other than to create enough content, good enough AI and balance the challenge and fun in a way that people actually enjoy it. Making good singleplayer games is hard. I'd say harder and more intensive than just throwing some assets together and having people fight over them while delayed by constant grind walls and/or progression resets.
I read it recently and I have to say I agree, but it's worth making it to the end! Don't give up!
Wot weaving and the world of dreams would require an enormous budget though. The entire last book is basically one huge ongoing fight as well.
They'll still have a budget tho. TV shows are expensive.
It can't be rand's kids since gaidal was reincarnated way before they would be born.
She also says she'll be a few years younger than him iirc.
I've been aware of this game for around a year now I think and it looked interesting, but far from release. Not that it seems we have more information on it, can someone give their estimate on just how far away that is?
Conservation of Ninjutsu guarantees that this is the toughest, meanest (blind, deaf, asthmatic) old lady with a shank you've ever seen though. She'll take down at least half your base before she dies dramatically!
We should generally have some progression mechanic for stockpiles other than "expanding them in area to increase capcity". Barrels and crates from DF/Gnomoria should play a part here as well, so we can invest resources into them and be able to store more goods in our bases without having to either dedicate 50&amp;#37; of our space to stockpiles, or simply using mods that increase storage capacity tenfold. Having fixed static scaffolding/shelves would also let us create dedicated warehouse space instead of just throwing everything on the floor, one shirt per tile.
Well it doesn't depend on external factors like injury, mistreatment, food type/quality or environment. It's just a timer that's ticking down, and at one point when a handler messes up his priorities or doesn't get to an animal in time, you'll have an exploding boomalope in your animal pen causing a chain reaction. We'll see how it plays out in the game, maybe it's just a limit and you don't even think about it as long as you have enough handlers. But in that case I still think it's a boring way to approach and balance this issue any any of the ones mentioned in the first sentence would be better.
The same can be said for people who update their game regularly and then have to manually resubscribe to all the mods. I'd imagine that the majority who doesn't want to update asap to the new version is the minority here, not the opposite, so the more considerate thing would be to update the main branch alongside the game version, and release mods for older versions as a separate download / workshop item. This would also make it so the "most popular/most subscribed" sections actually truthfully represent these mods instead of the category getting random soft resets after every major patch. It's ultimately up to modders but honestly, this is the first game where I've seen such counterintuitive use of the workshop. Not only you can't easily see which mods have to be resubscribed (since some do this and some don't), you can't even see *if* they've been updated already without manually searching for every single one.
Seems any lack of satisfaction with your life nowadays is just attributed to depression. I thought it was an actual medical condition.
Well put. I don't think people have issues with them rebalancing the game and nerfing the optimal strategies - the issue is that some of these changes are just a reaction to these strategies rather than something that addresses the underlying issue. In an ideal world the combat would be a fun and strategic element of the game, not something you're heavily incentivized to avoid because of the RNG. Killboxes and animal swarms should not be necessary, but people depend on them because they don't want to risk their colonists because of an "unfair" shot taking them out. So with this in mind: 1. By all means, nerf animal swarms. But don't just add a timer and make it so they're handled by repeatedly performing taming checks - it seems kinda simplistic and pointless. If continuous care for animals is a thing (and it should be!) then make it fun and engaging: make it so we have to create nicer pens and a better environment for them. Provide better food, stables or houses, heating... stuff like that. Make the animals not go wild by not keeping 50 of them in a small cave rather than just having to reapply taming to them all the time. And if you want us to have fewer of them, make them individually more powerful - its more impactful to have 3 good muffalos you care about rather than having to keep 20 for all the caravaning or shearing needs. It's better to train and care about 4 powerful wolves, than just hoarding 40 of them that are assigned to a single handler. 2. Less RNG in combat. Make it a bit more predictable so it has a strategic/tactical element to it rather than just lining colonists behind columns and firing in a killbox. I know this is easier said than done, but it should be tried at least... For example, why not have more melee enemies so we have to have our own melee fighters as well? Why not add more diverse traps? Not all injuries should have a permanent consequence, losing an eye after a dramatic fight is all right but getting an eye scratch after every small encounter with a turtle or a squirrel is frustrating as hell. DF always managed to keep me on my toes even though I'd rarely lose dwarves to raids, even though I always used them to defend my base. Dwarves are more disposable as well though, maybe it'd be different in rimworld if we had dedicated defenders instead of having to arm our "civilian" population in times of need as well. 3. Mountain bases are not really changed in this patch but are a a good example as well - instead of RNG bug infestations, they should be more telegraphed and predictable, otherwise people just disable them. Make us patrol the base regularly, make us have to light everything up by making the infestations only spawn in dark... Mountains do need an increased challenge, but make it unique and interesting - make it so rooms inside need ventilation, make it so heating and wiring is more complicated (the central heating mod helps here a lot but we're talking vanilla now). Make it so getting food is more difficult in a mountain region, so people rely on trade or alternate food sources. Basically, as always, keep the terrible consequences but make it so that if they happen, its our own mistake - not just a dice roll. 4. Armor. Gnomoria had a system in which you had to continually create new armor for your gnomes because in combat, it would get destroyed first, and only then the gnome would take (potentially) lethal damage - until then it was just the "bludgeoning" nonlethal damage that knocks them down. So after every fight, you'd have unarmored and bruised gnomes... but live ones that require new equipment. If they get injured, they'd start bleeding out and crawl to the nearest hospital, but unless they lost a limb they'd survive and function as well as before. Enemies wouldn't focus downed enemies if they had other gnomes attacking them. You didn't feel as bad sending them into battle because you knew that there were a few "buffers" before they die. And again, they were still more disposable just like in DF, but they required much more training than in Rimworld where you just give everyone a gun and hope for the best. Basically, give us buffers before they die, and make it clear when they die and when are we sending them into a fight where they could die. Make it easier to recover from injuries. TL;DR The intent and goal is good but the execution is kinda frustrating and doesn't solve the core issue. And I'd rather see a single well implemented mechanic that solves one of these issues, than them just adding a bunch of RNG checks or timesinks trying to solve all of them by adjusting numbers.
That's a big horn
I just want an UI modding api so we can mod it ourselves. They'll never be able to make a UI that satisfies both casual and veteran hc players.
Why don't they just add alterac valley multiple times to the pool
First season will feel weird to you but it gets much better later on. I'd say definitely give it a watch and make up your own mind about it rather than taking other's opinions for granted. I personally liked it.
Even trahearne had more depth than her.
What is the purpose of that anyway?
I read the entire first book and then started the second and realized I don't actually care about any characters or even about what is going on in that world... Maybe it was just overhyped for me because everyone kept saying it's so good.
Do you think that the definite edition will be more expensive? I was planning to start playing it when it releases, but it might be better to buy it now at 20&amp;#37; off (and get the free update) than to wait for the definite edition to be discounted. Dunno how it worked with the first one...
I'm wondering the same thing. I'm in no rush to play it and was planning to wait until the definite edition anyway, but I don't know how long would it take for them to start discounting it after launch, or if maybe even its base price will go up.
I mean it's reasonably good and interesting. There's just so little of it. I complete the episode story content in a few hours and then there's months before we get more. It might work well if each episode was filled with content but even as it is, half of it feels like filler.
I think it'd be a great idea in rimworld, resources are supposed to be scarce after all. And it'd be good to have more uses for the complex melee system that it has. But I'm not sure how much work it would acutally be to implement it, after all they'd have to rebalance the entire economy, crafting times so it's not too overwhelming to also have to continually craft ammo... they'd have to adjust all enemies, their ai, spawn rates and types to account for players not having infinite ammo... the UI has to be adjusted so we have advanced management options on who uses how much ammo, and when, we have to be able to tell them when to save ammo or when to use it... I know there's a mod that adds it but I haven't tried it, but I somehow doubt that it takes all of these things into consideration.
Well having your ammo stocks as an easy indicator on how well prepared you are for defense, having to make calls whether to use ammo or resort to melee weapons, whether to trade for ammo or buy other necessary resources instead sound like fun challenges. Food is not really an issue later in the game, and ammo could be something to keep you on your toes.
Having colonist with dedicated jobs instead of "everyone doing a bit of everything" is the biggest thing I missed when I moved from DF to RW. It just felt... cleaner and more straightforward that way.
Dunno what the exact issue was but in my experience, if I designated someone to be a lumberjack, they were a lumberjack. Farmers grew and harvested, carpenters made wood objects and haulers carried stuff while other untalented schmuks went into the military cannon fodder squads. It actually made you feel like dwarves were progressing, you could track how their training goes, therapist always gave me a nice overview of them. You could easily keep your "civilian", skillful dwarves safe inside while others took risks and ventured out or fought. In rimworld everyone does a bit of everything (except for high quality crafters that you'd want specialized in the lategame) and job assignments feel very rigid and sometimes counterintuitive (plant cut refers to both skillful harvesting of crops, and skill-less wood chopping, for example). It's intentional though, Tynan said multiple times he wants rimworld to cater to the casual audience as well. DF has no such reservations. Too bad some core stuff like this can't be modded though.
I'm always surprised just how much content the old RTS/city builder games had compared to modern ones. Settlers had combat, religion, ships and trade depos with caravans for transporting goods between territories... it had a pretty extensive economy system, a campaign, tons of custom maps, multiplayer, etc. Zeus/Caesar/Pharaoh as well, not even anno or tropico games can stand up to them, less alone smaller indie titles like banished. Rimworld and other DFlikes come close but they are usually on a much smaller, more micromanagement scale while impression games were more about cities with hundreds, thousands of workers. I really hope we get a true successor with a AAA budget one day, that has as much content, as many options and mechanics, as these older games.
It's so clean and modern tho
They had to get something out because its their funding model, Taleworlds didn't ask for our money in advance so they're not really under any obligation to show us anything. And I wouldn't say it's a "decent alpha", it's a pretty underwhelming tech demo at best because it's pretty far from a "game" experience at the moment, both when it comes to content, performance or implemented mechanics. If Bannerlord entered early access in a state that SC is in at the moment, there would be riots.
[https://store.steampowered.com/app/92800/SpaceChem/](https://store.steampowered.com/app/92800/SpaceChem/) Haven't played other zachtronics games but from what I've heard, they are all pretty similar - increasingly more complex puzzles with a focus on problem solving and optimization.
Can someone give me advice on how to create a nice starter area? I created two worlds so far, following the recommended starter settings from the peridexis guide, and neither had a single location that fit the recommended search parameters. The first one only gave me a hot deforested area and the second was a cold desert with barely any soil. I also had rivers set to yes and yet I got a brook that was frozen on day 1. If I just want a nice, calm forested green area with normal seasons to get back into the game and re-learn the basics, what's my best course of action? Do I just keep retrying until I get lucky?
I guess I'll have to tinker with that. I was hoping to just find a nice location for my first long game but the map is always flawed in some way. I tried playing on the cold map but I underestimated the evil factor and experienced fun! very quickly, other generated maps always have a partial match, and are always extremely cold or hot or evil or have no trees or soil... I forgot how much DF likes to play "hard to get" :P I don't have lag in the actual game but the world generation takes long because I'm playing on an old laptop so that's kinda frustrating.
I liked the gritty dark art style. It was scary and tense, unknown and unpredictable, and the sounds, animations, colors all played a part in it. D3 feels like a d2 theme park for kids, it has the same ideas but simplified and "adjusted" for modern audiences which ruins the execution in the end.
&gt;I highly recommend it as a free Single player RPG Dunno, I tried multiple times to get into it by playing it like that and I always got bored due to all the trash mobs I had to kill, all the backtracking for quests and annoying inventory management that are staples of the MMORPG genre. It was something in between but instead of being the best of both worlds, it was somehow the worst of both.
On my 4th worldgen I finally managed to find a heavily forested area with deep soil and frequent metals. Temperate climate and a pretty river as well! Plenty of dolomite and hematite, looks like a really promising start. I guess it's just RNG and restarting enough time to get lucky ¯\\\_(ツ)\_/¯ My starting parameters were low savagery/evil, multiple metals, river, flux stone, deep soil, clay... basically everything from here [https://df-walkthrough.readthedocs.io/en/latest/tutorials/generating-a-world.html](https://df-walkthrough.readthedocs.io/en/latest/tutorials/generating-a-world.html)
Is there a shortcut that would show me only the current layer? I'm having trouble telling where my cliff ends/begins, I wish I could just blank out everything below my current level. Also, is there a simple way to view contents of a stockpile? I saw that dfhack has the "inventory" option but it only shows bins and not contained items in it, is there an alternative or a way to hide bins and just show content with it?
Cyclops is my favorite part of subnautica so I hope if it's really gone, it's replaced by something better. I do hope they don't remove stuff from the game though, it'd be be better if DLCs built on top of each other, resulting in increasingly even better game and experience, instead of making old content obsolete.
I learned a long time ago to stay as far away from internet as possible when I'm afraid of spoilers. Being here without having read the franchise is... woolheaded :P
I hate it when a game forces you to min-max good and evil. Mass Effect was terrible about this with their paragon/renegade system that literally locks you out of options if you didn't fully commit to one branch. Maybe I want to be an asshole sometimes to people who deserve it instead of always turning the other cheek, even if I'm playing a good character. Maybe even an evil character can sometimes show mercy. It's just annoying.
Pay 2000 gems?
Eh, idk... that seems kinda immersion breaking, and would result in the playerbase getting divided even more. I think TESO has a better system, some sort of partial phasing, each player sees the map differently based on choices he made during the relevant local quest, but I can see how that would be problematic here as well. It's also probably impossible to implement at this point in gw2 since teso was built with it in mind.
I always thought that proposal 4 was what they were always working towards. Seems like the best approach as well, simple to sync, modify or use in new games. Tbh I'm not sure what is all this fuss about :P If the issue is size/number of blueprints, just make it into a sidebar with a scrollabe list and a search form on top, sth like that so it's easy to find the one we want, and if we want to modify it we can mouse-click it to select it and then click one of the buttons (edit, modify, load, save, export, whatever).
Might be a long shot but maybe subnautica? Eventually you build and pilot a big submarine that has a working interior and some mechanics associated with it. One of the best, most immersive vehicles I've ever driven in a game. Not a boat but thematically it's somewhat similar.
I just want them to un-nerf her gore when compared to the original livestream reveal. Her #1 never lifts up and rips enemies in half any more, they kinda just ragdoll at your feet and die. Blood fountain isn't nearly as bloody as in the initial preview, doesn't have the "arterial" blood spray, it went from big floating blood clots to some red energy lines with little red particles. As for gameplay, I still think #1 should have higher base damage and the execution should just be the bonus. It's ridiculous that I can pounce on a lvl10 enemy with 200% power strength and +100% from the passive, and not even kill them.
We've been asking for it for years now, it's not going to change unless we make a lot of noise about it. Being obnoxious is what sells these items, and ANet profits off it. And people really really like being obnoxious in game, and having the option to turn it off for us would reduce their enjoyment for some reason. Personally I think if they let us remove audio noise that bothered us, like legendary firing sounds, they should let us remove visual noise as well. There's no difference between my enjoyment being reduced because I can't hear shit, or because I can't see shit (if anything, I need a clear visual style to play well more than I need to hear). But ANet is consistently inconsistent so... gl.
Nah, it's not specifically about Valve IMO. It happens to everything, games, movies, tv shows, books... It's just the entitlement of thinking that everything should be made so it's for you. If you have an issue with Artifact monetization and having to pay for everything, then it's clearly not a game for you. When I realized it's not for me I didn't even bother looking further. I especially wouldn't "scrape together 20$" to buy it and then complain when I can't afford anything more to be competitive. It's like getting a loan and buying a horse and then complaining to other horse owners how it's not fair that you also have to pay for the stable, the vet, saddle, horseshoes or other items and how much better they have it compared to you. Might be a shitty analogy but it's what it looks like to me when I see all these people talking about how badly Artifact is monetized. You knew what you were getting into. There are plenty of alternatives if you can't afford it, don't expect them to change the whole game so you can play it.
I think the word you should have focused on from his post was challenging, not endgame. Its never going to happen in warframe but I also wish there was something challenging in warframe, that feels rewarding because I'm able to do it and not because I grinded it for a month. As for your comment about devaluation warframes... There's still the other 99% of content where everything is viable. But I personally don't think it's a good thing that you can basically do everything with anything.
I mean, kinda rude if they were complete strangers but hard to say without any context. I find it hard to imagine a context in which it's okay to answer any question with a "go have a love affair with a dog" though.
On one hand I appreciate just saying what you think, it's nicer to have such freedom and assume people will get over it, have a thick skin, instead of everyone acting so insulted all the time, especially online nowadays. In some ways it was a better time. And it was a stupid question, like who cares about some specific interaction of made up magic that doesn't serve any purpose at all and is just a hypothetical without any point. Jordan obviously didn't, he told stories about people and legends, he never tried to explain the magic that much. He just told us how it works and made it work in the context of the world. On the other hand, it's kind of an asshole answer to a fan that was just interested in your works. She must have been crushed :P
So is power drift.
The only warframe where I feel like I need natural talent is Garuda, and honestly it felt like it should be just a base balance fix instead of us having to use a mod to make her playable and fun. But instead they just made it so her #1 and #2 are affected by it as well, so I guess it's a mandatory mod and a "wasted" mod slot from now on. The other warframe where I use NT is Loki for spy missions since it's nice when you can quickly cast invisibility. Maybe I have it on nekros as well, I'm not sure - but it's not like you recast abilities that much anyway and there are better mods to bring along for survivability. So I'd say it's a really niche mod that's sometimes equipped for utility and QoL, not some massive gains in damage or power. But maybe there are other interactions that would make it more powerful than power drift, idk.
Nobody is forcing your civilization to do it...?
And it doesn't really have "exterminate" neither. Sure there's combat, but you can't completely wipe out a faction afaik.
That sounds great! Damn it's getting increasingly hard not buying into X4 so soon... I told myself I'd wait at least a month or two, and now even few weeks seem hard :P
&gt; This mod is no longer needed if you use Picker Extended for .15 as its functionality has been built into Picker. Guess it's not needed any more?
Okay, I'll go by icons then, thanks.
What's dumbed down specifically?
Hardcore fans that got the game for free aren't really objective reviewers but okay, if you trust the person in question I guess it's better than most things. Anything is better than day 1 steam reviews or reddit comments.
NMS I guess? It's actually pretty good now. Dunno if it counts as AAA even with Microsoft money tho.
I mean, if we used x rebirth as the subject of comparison, NMS would still win... At least at the 2 year mark. Time will tell what happens with x4.
XR didn't get major overhauls that make its fundamentally flawed gameplay decisions good after two years. What makes you so certain and optimistic that x4 will be any different? On what are you basing this assumption that in 2 years it's going to be what you hope it should be, when previous experiences indicate otherwise, that this doesn't happen?
Dunno if it changed in the recent years but I found EU4 was pretty good in this regard? You always had to be wary of coalitions or enemies just waltzing into your lands with 10 times more troops.
It doesn't really make sense from a gameplay perspective either. By the time I can feasibly terraform* planets, I either have my population diverse enough to colonize anything, or they're genetically/technologically enhanced to survive there. Terraforming should be something that's available to us since early game. Something that's connected to blockers, that slowly expands the number of tiles (rip) on planets as we invest more resources into terraforming it. Basically instead of waiting 10 years for planet to turn into a habitable paradise, we colonize tile by tile slowly over time. Basically we start off with small outposts or habitable domes on mars, to terraforming increasingly large areas of land before the entire atmosphere shifts and let our pops live anywhere in improved conditions. No idea how this would work with the upcoming changes though. Probably wouldn't.
I think that the paragraph you quoted (same as me) says pretty clearly that moderators were always supposed to be following the same rules as players, which they haven't. The fact that they will further clarify this with an official proclamation (moderator code of conduct) and expand it so it's even stricter doesn't mean they were allowed to break these rules before. And if you think that these mods will change overnight and change their behavior or attitude because of community backlash, you're wrong. They'll maybe keep low for now and then just gradually return to their familiar patterns later, but with more resentment and bitterness over being called out for it. Negative members of the mod staff have to be replaced if their toxic behavior and power trips can be proven, so the new faces can make a change instead of constantly clashing with them.
I had resharper installed since I started working with VS and I just can't get used to working without it any more, even at the expense of it being so slow. The syntax corrections and especially the Find All functionalities are just so convenient... And yeah I know VS has "quick search all files" but it can't search by method names, and you can't type the file mask to filter results in advance. It's just not the same.
You're describing No Man's Sky. You're exploring abandoned worlds all the time, there's a loose plot filled with vague mystery and ominous foreshadowing, there's no plot exposition except through confusing short dialogues with various NPCs or messages in abandoned facilities... Dunno if the conclusion would be satisfying to you, or if you'd enjoy the gameplay loop of exploring / gathering resources / managing inventory, it's something that can either be relaxing and immersive to you, or maybe a horribly boring grind.
&gt; whereas a castle bordering a hostile faction might be better suited to becoming a military stronghold from which to protect your lands and project your strength. I mean, unless there's a mechanic by which a castle would prohibit movement of enemy troops, I don't really see this happening. They're probably just going to circle around a garrisoned castle and raid the surrounding villages or inner towns unless you're there to protect them... which is basically what happens in Warband anyway. Otherwise really cool. The manage fief screen looks kinda simple and onedimensional but it's nothing that mods can't fix (hopefully this is also made very moddable like the rest of the game). I find linear statistical upgrades like "+5% to granary capacity" or "+10% taxes" very boring and would rather have unique mechanics locked behind buildings (stables unlocking new types of mounted soldiers, buildings unlocking faction specific troops, academy letting you "tech up" and unlock new siege engines, etc). But it'd probably be way too complicated and expensive to add into the vanilla game.
I wouldn't trust my AI generals with 3 peasants in auto-resolve, less alone let them bring out the entire garrison out of the castle and chase down the enemy invasion on their own. I don't realistically see a situation in which it's a good idea to let AI chase enemy armies without any player input. Scouting could be fine but it doesn't really help with defense if you're far away. And even assuming they could do that well, it'd only be useful if they directly provide you with vision, a message saying "enemy forces have been spotted nearby Uxhal" would be as useless as it is in Warband since the AI can't really estimate just how big of a threat an enemy army actually is. As for choke points, is that actually a fact or are you just guessing? And what about all the terrain in which the castle is not perfectly placed between 2 mountains but rather is in open territory with plenty of space to go around it? I'm still not convinced. Maybe some sort of attrition damage / penalty could help, but it's impossible to implement something like that in a game that doesn't have any clearly defined borders...
So we can't tell a mining ship to mine any ore, it can only supply stations demand? There are no general storage warehouses, and the mining ship cannot unload the mined goods into another ship (like a freighter)? Also, is it possible to setup stations so they both buy and sell the same ware (at different prices of course)? I remember having issues with that in X:R, and I needed it for some intermediary products so they're not overflowing or halting the production.
If you own 2 adjacent systems you should be able to lock down the gate between them. Ships could still "smuggle" in that border system but couldn't get into any of the inner protected systems.
They were? Didn't they just have exterior slots on which modules were fitted (like the engines, jump drive, drone bays, turrets, etc.), but even those were fixed rather than swappable for other stuff? Or are you all talking about something else?
Tbh I just assumed they copy pasted models for style/budget reasons. I wouldn't call that modular ship design just because they reused assets during development? Modular usually means that they can be used interchangeably in actual gameplay, that it can differ on various ships. In this case however, an arawn always looks like an arawn, all rahanas(es?) always look the same, etc.
I wish that moment lasted a bit longer tho, that she had to actually confront the fact or even admit that Perrin knew more about TAR than her.
You can have shortcut mods but they conflict and get overwritten by practically anything, most notably the 1080p mod.
It's kinda embarrassing that we don't have a settings screen where we can bind our own shortcuts to be honest. I'm on a qwertz keyboard and I still can't use planetary tab shortcuts to switch to the first tab. We can't bind "survey" action on scientists to a keyboard, we can't swap or add the empire window shortcuts (like research)... Really annoying.
I invaded a planet and enslaved the population. They my species immigrated and I thought that they'd take specialist jobs since the slaves apparently can't. 20-30 years later, they're still mostly workers while some slaves are even unemployed, and out of 20ish empty specialist slots maybe 3 are filled. And they even have the decadent trait. Really frustrating when the game both doesn't let you manually assign priorities and who to take jobs, but also can't do the right decision on its own... I mean, the entire point of invading those pacifists was because I needed cheap labor while my own species focuses on more dignified aspects of life. This is so unfair, why do they have to still work in mines? ugh edit: Okay guys it seems it was completely my fault for not reading/understanding the description of slaver guilds correctly. I reformed the government, removed it and it seems that the situation is improving now. Still, it'd be nice to have a visual indication that pops are enslaved.
I guess you have to wait until they get demoted to basic workers? I think one harmony perks helps with that by cutting the waiting time in half.
I guess it's a bug then. https://i.imgur.com/Gq60sd4.png Same thing on one of my oldest planets. https://i.imgur.com/263o4XV.png. It used to be exclusively inhabited my my primary species, but then various immigrants / slaves appeared. Now it has 13 workers of my primary species, 3 unemployed workers (I imagine slaves) while 16 specialists jobs aren't being filled. So it's not related to stability, invasions or crime, just a bug with slaves or immigrants?
No effect on happiness at all?
How do you move them between planets? Can you still force relocate, I didn't see the option?
I guess that could be it, although I'm not sure. Is there any indication in the new UI about whether a pop is a slave or not? Also, which setting should I change then if I want all members of my species to never be slaves? There isn't anything higher than full citizenship, and I can only switch slavery between chattel or domestic.
I mean, most of the MMOs I've played don't have mods patrolling chat 24/7. People say whatever they want until they're reported enough times, and only then the mods or the automatic chat suspension system intervene.
I might be blind but I really don't see the ball-and-chain icon... https://i.imgur.com/GLBuPjs.png
Then you surely won't mind if we get an option to turn it off and not see your style choices? We can let you do whatever you want, and you help us turn it off so we get a choice as well. Everyone wins.
Which graphical setting turns off other player's particle effects and glow from infusions?
Oh, so your solution to character models being ugly and immersion breaking for me due to particle effects and glow is to replace them all with ugly gray/brown generic clone models? Just admit that you don't give a fuck about this issue because you don't care personally about it instead of trying to wave it away using bad "solutions".
, now that I've turbocharged the matter compressor.
I don't think that would ever work in stellaris, at least not with AI, since everyone would just dump food/minerals into the market to get strategic resources and/or alloys. Inflation runs rampant in the game in the later stages...
How are they all employed? Doesn't every research lab provide only 10 jobs?
It's the same issue though. I once skipped the tech for crystal manufacturing and I didn't get it again for the next 50 years or something like that, while constantly having to buy them from the market, and having next to no deposits in my empire. Volatile motes were a different story, I had 5 possible mining locations but didn't get the tech to exploit the resource until the late midgame, even though it's a basic requirement for most buildings. The tech should be much more common, or it should maybe even be moved into a special project once you discover it in your borders. In the end, it doesn't really make sense that I can unlock buildings that use resource X, before I even learn how to gather resource X. Basic exploitation mechanics should be unlocked as soon as you get your first tech related to that resource, but gradual improvements in the efficiency of collection of that resource should come later so you don't feel like "you're done" now that you've build a few mining outposts. tl;dr It shouldn't be an all-or-nothing situation decided by RNG tech options. There are better alternatives on how to approach this issue, because it's not really fun as it is.
They're selling them at horrible rates though, you're better off manually clicking and buying it from the market.
By 2450 I just spammed production buildings for them everywhere so I don't have to buy them all the time :P I think the default starting price is around 5ec per unit iirc. Enclaves trade for 10 and even demand an additional upfront payment along with the monthly cost which is just weird.
I think I last bought and played Stronghold Crusader 2, it looked the same as the original but with the new 3D engine and maps. Dunno if it was just nostalgia or the sequel was really just underwhelming, but it didn't really live up to the memories, the map was small and crowded, the AI terrible, campaign repetitive... I decided in the end it's best to leave it all in the past and enjoy the memories rather than trying to relive them :P
Underwater content was a great idea in gw2 but ultimately, the lack of depth perception kinda kills it. There's no sense of distance and position, it's harder to control your characters, practically impossible to aim or dodge (or even see) AoE abilities... It was very immersive to explore underwater areas but any combat in it kills all enjoyment for me.
Not getting into a bed with a Chinese company that collects and sells your data is also a plus.
Agree, the whole cap is kinda pointless and not really a fun mechanic. Or keep it but make the base value 10 times bigger. It's kinda ridiculous that in the midgame I can hit the cap in like a year or two, which flies by...
Of course it makes sense, the cut that epic games take is much smaller than the one steam takes, it's why many indie developers are switching in the first place. There's also less competition and they expect better treatment there. And people might be outraged now and unwilling to switch to a chinese platform/company that's not as heavily regulated as steam, that wants more of your personal data to sell while offering fewer consumer rights (like refunds), but it will all be forgotten once you realize there's simply no other way to buy the games you want. At least in general, I know I personally won't because I'd rather pirate stuff than give money to them. Or not play it at all, there are plenty of other games that you can buy on developer's sites, steam, gog or dozens of other sites.
Subnautica for quality and NMS for quantity.
They've already established themselves and are well known, any future game they will release will also get a ton of gaming press due to subnautica's success. Steam is not as important to them as it is to other indie devs that are only getting started. Besides, it could be a timed exclusive, similar to how the SMB sequel is only an exclusive for a year. And the people who can't wait will just get it on a different platform, it's not really like smuggling it across the state - it's just installing a different launcher, one that most people will already have due to... oh look at that, subnautica being given out for free on it now. Honestly it boggles my mind that you're all so unwilling to even accept the possibility of this happening even though it's already happening with other devs and games, and are using downvotes to bury my comments and make them less visible like it will suddenly make you right and me wrong. I don't care about the points at all but it kinda kills all the interest I have in discussing this any further, since you're just going to act like I have a bone to pick with the developers and am on a personal vendetta or sth. I guess we'll see what happens one way or another.
If they wanted to have a bug-free(er) release, they should have labeled this early access, which it practically is, and had a real 1.0 release later when it's ready. Since they didn't, and are charging the full price for the game even in its current state, they kinda deserve the reviews they got. And I say that with all the love I have for Egosoft and X series since I booted up X3 for the first time years and years ago. Rimworld is very complex but was clearly labeled as EA until it was ready for launch. Factorio is very complex but is still in EA and undergoing massive improvements before launch. And yeah I know it's not the same genre but that's kind of a meaningless condition you put there anyway so I've decided to ignore it, genre has nothing to do with the quality or polish of a product you're buying.
I'm kinda the opposite, I was hooked from the start but the ending kinda soured the whole experience for me. I haven't read the books so I didn't really have any high expectations, I just disliked the sudden shift in theme, style, story? not sure how to put it, and a rushed lame ending.
The restrictive inventory system, the MMO-standard "kill 30 rats" quests between every quest hub that you have to do while you go to the next one, kinda boring and uninteractive combat with little need for strategy, lack of customization options and variety in gear if you don't want to spend money, UI being filled with locked "premium only" buttons or notifications to incentivize you to pay, lack of any actual challenge in the game (stuff is not hard, it just takes too long), the constant backtracking... I mean I wanted to like the game but I honestly don't think that it's as enjoyable as just a regular normal singleplayer game. And I'm pretty sure I played after these changes you're talking about. It's still an MMO at its core with all the good and bad parts of it. And I played it for few dozen hours and it's really, really not Kotor 3, less alone 3-10, unless there's a huge change in quality of writing, environment and quest design later on. And I sincerely doubt it. I'd gladly be convinced otherwise, I *want* a good RPG, if I'm wrong I'll give it another try one day but I don't see how anything you say has any merit if the things I listed haven't changed. They just makes me tired and bored, and that's a bad thing for a videogame, if that happens and I realize I'm not having fun I just move on.
Except it's such a chore selling anything when there's no global trading post / auction house. I had to install dozens of mods and look up stuff online, spend a ton of time selling every item just to make something that's spare change to other people... and it was still unreliable, finicky and kinda ugly in the end. And then when you need something later you gotta buy it back. And if you want endgame gear you'll need the materials, either to craft it yourself or to give to someone else to craft it for you. And you'll be hitting yourself for not saving it all along the way as you were playing. "Just ignore this huge part of the game" is not really a good argument when convincing people to play it...
What about modding? I imagine there's no way to download stuff from steam workshop and use it with gog's version?
So I literally just installed audible and it began the 1 month trial. Says now I can't redeem the code any more. Is this actually intentional or will it work when the membership runs out in a month?
Just a basic game store. Except owned by a shady chinese company and lacking basic consumer rights like the right to refund games (more than 2 times per year). I'm glad that Steam has competition but I'd rather it be in form of GOG or GMG than epic games...
This is why we have to follow people, not companies. "Blizzard" is meaningless. People who worked in blizzard as project or development leads 20 years ago on the other hand are a different story, and I wish I knew more about them and what they are up to today instead.
Hey I didn't want to sound like I'm attacking you, and I didn't say you were "stupid". You have every right to spend your money as you want, naturally. I was just expressing my frustration in general since I've seen a thread like this more than once, and it seems like people never learn that the house always wins. And while I want to believe that if we collectively took a stance against this that the game would change for better, for all of us... realistically that's never going to happen. It's just too profitable for ANet and too many people just don't care about it. Which unfortunately means that sometimes we miss out on cool stuff like these skins.
Yep, I like having specialized distinct factories and link them with transport ships. But even that was kinda "meh" in X:R, you didn't create transport routes, you'd just set "buy ware X" at station A while setting "sell ware X" at station B, and assigned trading ships would pick up these orders. And I remember it being really annoying to set this up because it conflicted with regular trade orders for the rest of the universe, and you had to set up prices even when trading internally, which conflicted with external trades... and you couldn't set up which ship to transport which ware... Is any of this changed in X4 or is it the same as in XR?
Maybe it changed later, but in the very first game I played of guin my neighbour got it even though I nominated my capital. I think they do nominate it, they just can't compete (unless they have the advanced start I guess).
Who do you recommend following from blizzard / hots, and how? I want to start doing this but I don't know how to find them.
I just started playing yesterday. I completed the tutorials (except the advanced combat in which I barely kill the first target, less alone the other 2 that attack you at the same time). I went into open play, completed the introduction mission that gives you 10k to go into a neighbouring system and land. So I guess I'll just try to pick up some easy missions and get familiar with controls now. I tried reading some learning resources but there are just way too many lol, can someone just give me a tl;dr on which missions to pick and which to avoid during these first few hours? Is it possible to screw myself over in the long run if I do missions for a wrong faction? Also, how's the guild/clan system in E:D, considering the vast distances between players? And the huge discrepancy in power, I doubt there's any content we can do together while I'm in the sidewinder? Is there a point in looking for organizations to join or is it mostly a solo game?
Yeah but every indie developer today has a guy who worked at blizzard at one point, it's a huge company with a big turnover (I imagine). And all the ones you listed are still studios / companies, is there someone in particular that was in a position of power at Blizzard that moved elsewhere? A random developer who worked at Blizzard doesn't mean much, but if it's someone like Ken Levine it's a completely different story.
Thanks
I didn't even know I can scan the system until a few hours ago, I'm in an adder atm. I'll try mining some regular ore first then move on to the crystals if possible, thanks
Yeah the first thing I got when starting was a bunch of bookmarks for 3rd party sites haha. Now it's just a matter of knowing when and how to use them. I'll check it out when I get back from work, thanks!
Okay thanks, I guess I'll need to have a specialized ship for every role after all, jack of all trades won't cut it :P Just one question about these builds... how come they all have just 2 1F lasers fitted? Is it a bug, a "left to your imagination" type of thing or actually the build? Even with them the power usage on the eagle is 95% tho...
Well damage 3.0 was supposed to touch on that very thing long time ago, but then a bunch of people started whining about DE taking away their power fantasy and how slighted they will be if the game becomes even a bit more challenging or balanced, so they dropped it :/ I've always said that damage scaling should be logarithmic instead of exponential. That way there's still progression and incentive to improve, but the differences between players aren't that big and everyone can participate, and also enemies are easier to balance. But no... people gotta show off their 8 forma'd weapon that clears entire rooms before newbies even get a chance to see the enemies.
They also nerfed garuda gore. I really don't understand why they do these things when warframe is already rated for adults.
Oh, I thought that goes only for bounty vouchers... makes sense though, good to know.
I've never seen something more similar to stockholm syndrome than ark subreddit. After years of dealing with the company, complaining how it doesn't listen, how the game is falling apart, how they have shitty dlc practices... and they still play the game, love it, recommend it, preorder future DLCs, it's still one of the most played games on steam. wtf
"Never meet your heroes" just became "never watch your heroes eat spicy wings"
Elite Dangerous might be interesting to you, I recently started playing it and it definitely has that "earn money to get a ship to earn more money with higher stakes" loop.
Just watch this and it'll answer everything you might wonder about DE https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UOE6528pwFc edit: and/or this https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=f5FZR5gHB_I
Is it even about dinosaurs any more tho? I thought it was mostly about TEK and some high tech gear and pvp nowadays. I actually bought it way back for dinosaurs hoping it'd be like I'm the jurassic park but instead it was just a badly performing mess with even worse AI and gameplay so I didn't touch it much afterwards...
They gotta add a rug big enough to cover the helminth room now...
It's been 2 years since it was added with Nidus. And there hasn't been any talk of even touching this room in a future update, less alone something actually in progress. There's always stuff they can do with it, but I don't think they're gonna any time soon.
They're resource sinks, and are supposed to be better than other weapons (even disregarding the arcanes you can put into them). But honestly, I personally dislike the system as well, and find all these weapons more boring and less charismatic than the "unique" regular ones like battacor or plinx for example. But then again I'm biased / still pissed off because we can't reconfigure them before gilding, as was initially planned. I hate having to (re)craft these parts and blindly experiment for meh weapons that don't look or feel as good as others... and then on top of that there's the absurd resource cost. Unfortunately it's not like there's anything else to grind for in fortuna so far so... I'll probably do them just for MR in like 6 months or so, same as I did with zaws, and then never touch them again :/. It could have been a cool super-customizeable weapon that we grow attached to and improve over time with new parts (similar to fallout 4 weapon system I guess), instead it's just a waste of time and resources to get you to play more.
Oh cool, I haven't seen it yet. Any details on what it will be?
Defense. It's slow and boring. It always boils down to "find the last stuck enemy so you can progress to the next stage" instead of feeling like you're actually defending the objective. It's also almost always in small cramped maps so enemies come from all directions so everyone just nukes them with aoe abilities that ignore walls since it's faster. Although to be fair the issues with defense are more with the general issue warframe has with combat, it's just impossible to create a credible threat that we'd have to "defend" against, every mission is just an exterminate in the end...
It does keep happening... it *has* happened multiple times.
Counting from now or from the day of the final (non early access) release though?
I thought that was a bug that was fixed like a year ago or sth like that? Xebophobes shouldn't dislike their own species just because of genetic modifications?
Expensive? Isn't it offered under the MIT licence? And I thought development on knockout was stopped, meaning it's a finished stable framework? Which isn't necessarily a bad thing if it's good, and it seems good.
Everyone shits on ARK for years and it's still one of the top played and sold games on steam... Not saying they're wrong, it's bad but it's also massively popular and successful. It's just that reddit says what reddit wants to hear, not what is actually true.
Haven't they already monetized this "stress test" / "promotion" with ingame cosmetic purchases?
I've said this before and probably sound like a broken record to some people... but you kinda hit the nail on the head here. Warframe generally needs to rework damage, armor and hp scaling and make it logarithmic instead of exponential. Then it'd be easier to balance powers versus weapons, veteran power versus newbie power (so everyone feels like he's participating), aoe damage vs single target damage... and then armor and hp differences wouldn't be as big as well. And enemies wouldn't feel like you're either oneshotting them, or can't do anything to them at all (for newer players that don't have maxed serration and other mandatory mods). It sounds simple but it's really not, and one change (like the one you're proposing to armor and enemy hp) is linked to many other changes, from just weapons to powers, status effects, pets etc. But I think it's something they should have started working on a long time ago because the sooner they adopt this new approach, the better for the game and its longevity. We've already knees deep into problems with challenging enemies and endgame content.
Well, they've been talking a lot about bringing back the "ninja" and "space" into warframe. Some smaller things (like the recent talk about changing the hacking so it's more ninja-like), or bigger things (melee rework, railjack operations). Maybe one day stealth becomes one of these things as well. Not any time soon though. Stealth is completely irrelevant in a game in which everything dies as soon as you look at it.
So what's the reasoning for gilding then? Is there something I can read where they go more indepth into the design process behind PoE? And to be fair, their original idea for fish bait was non-reusable blueprints, and mining resource refinement was in increments on 1 instead of 3/10/20... And bounties only gave a single reward at the end, and if you replayed them you'd only get standing... PoE at launch was full of bad design decisions, thankfully they changed most of them. *Most*.
"Gilding is a free polarity" is true only if you compare it with weapons that start with 0 polarities, otherwise it's simply worse. Most weapons have at least one default polarity and sometimes even more, without making you work for it. Crafting time is kind of irrelevant in the long run. And I didn't even know about not being able to put a potato in it... that sucks even more. But it kinda makes sense to disable this if they ever wanted to make it so we can disassemble it before gilding it, eh? ;). If they wanted to prevent you from wasting a potato on something you'll reconfigure later. Just saying. Also, I imagine the same is true for moas, no potato until you gild them? And I'd say it makes even more sense to let us reconfigure *them*, so we can form a bond with them instead of constantly building a new pet. It would even fit really well with the solaris lore and how they sometimes change body parts (or entire bodies!) while still keeping their personality, for the most part. Ticker has many lines about this specifically.
At least you could test the stances and get a feeling for attack speed / fire rate, range and visual effects of the weapon before investing more into it. See how different chambers for kitguns or amps behave and which one you like the most. It's not a perfect system but at least it'd be better than having to estimate the effects by pure numbers or fluff text. I don't know what "tombfinger" does or how it feels in actual gameplay until I commit to a kitgun configuration, and by then I already have to decide on status vs crit, reload vs mag capacity, dmg vs fire rate parts. Same goes for amp primary and secondary fire, which is why most people just stick to meta builds and ignore other combinations even though they might potentially like them more. On the other hand, I'm not sure how would they make gilding more expensive than part building. It wouldn't really make sense to have parts cost 10% while the remaining 90% goes into gilding... Disassembling them into parts and gilding "locking them in" seems like the only viable way to me.
It was a cool game until the moment you get the cyclops... And then it becomes a completely different, 10 times more awesome game! It's the best vehicle ever in any game, and fits so well into the world and with gameplay!
Not all parts require wisps or toroids, but the idea is neat - maybe it should just take basic resources like metal ores or fish oil / scrap to craft the first stage, and other rare advanced materials to upgrade it. Its still not a perfect solution though, I'm sure there are better ways to do it.
I guess I was thinking of grips or links, I know I had to take care of which bps to buy for mastery rank because some were way more expensive than others... Maybe it wasn't about wisps at all though, as I said I never spent too much time with this mechanic, sorry. At least toroids are (allegedly) easier to farm in comparison to wisps.
I hope they never add fps boarding action. If there is some direct control over boarding parties, it should be top down and tactical imho. It might be jarring at first but imagine how more they could do with it, and the modders as well, when it comes to AI, variety, environments... Because I agree completely, this is one of these things that has to be done perfectly or it's better to not do it at all... And after xr and x4 from what I've seen, maybe it's better they rethink how are they using the resources they do have. They can probably accomplish much more if they just scale down a bit and change the approach.
How does that mod compare to this one? https://www.nexusmods.com/kingdomcomedeliverance/mods/121 Would it help to run both? edit: Or this one https://www.nexusmods.com/kingdomcomedeliverance/mods/482 Do they all do the same thing, add a settings preset, or do they make changes to texture files / loading logic / sth like that?
Gwent is great for a F2P game but the gameplay is pretty unique and different from other popular online card games which might put you off. I recommend at least trying it out though, you should decide for yourself if it's for you. Bonus points if you played the witcher and like the lore, art is amazing in the game.
I've recently played origins and it's a great game, tons of inherited mechanics from previous games, beautiful environments and even a somewhat interesting story... But holy hell the quest design is just so bad. It's like they were all created by an untrained machine learning intelligence. Every quest, every problem, every mystery is resolved by bayek just activating eagle vision and slaughtering a dozen people at the marker. People can't pay taxes? Kill the taxman. Old guy lost a book? Kill bandits that have the book. Slave wrongfully accused of stealing? Kill people who actually stole the item. Smuggler asks for help, just kill the romans that are after him. Local wildlife is endangered? Kill the romans that are standing nearby. Then kill the wildlife yourself because bayek needs like 500 alligator skins to upgrade his armor. Such a waste of potential.
It used to be just this http://www.pegasoft.ca/docs/pegagame/doc/design/Screenshots/eve_online_new.jpg Then it became this https://content.eveonline.com/www/newssystem/media/28129/1/Inventory_Blog_New_Inventory.png Yes, some of these functionalities existed before but the file explorer menu was added later.
Because they don't actually have any (good) UI designers to tell them otherwise.
I mean sure, but in a month nobod will even remember it or talk about it that much. Remember the earth visual rework that steve streamed all the time? Rememer the plains of eidolon graphical overhaul, does it make you go there more often than before? Graphics are nice but they're not content. Making them bigger and easier to navigate is cool but I think way too much focus is being put on graphics, from both DE and community perspective, considering how little it means in the long term.
I skipped over quite a a few 75% offs because of stuff like that. They've been stubborn about many issues, the UI is just another entry on a long list, and with the recent announcement that they're ditching the difficulty rework that was on that "roadmap" I have even less faith that they're thinking long term about warframe at all. If they just want to throw more shiny new stuff to attract new players while ignoring all the old problems that veterans have, then they can get money from these new players instead.
You're mistaking endgame for challenge. Old MMOs maybe didn't have endgame but they were challenging, required cooperation and dedication to progress. In warframe there is 0 meaningful challenge for veteran players that would require them to actually put in some effort and try to learn stuff.
This completely ruins my immersion as well. It's not void power doing the damage when you use sol gate, it's the extreme temperatures from the sun - the void energy is just opening the portal to get it here. So I guess this means that nullifiers should be completely immune to fire damage?
Obsidian is already kinda spread thin between pillars of eternity and outer worlds, I don't think I'd personally like a baldur's gate coming from them at this time. And they have been recently acquired by Microsoft so we'll see if that affects them in any way. But that could be just my pessimism talking.
I have, and I stand by my comment... from the cartoonish graphics, humorous and often satirical / intentionally cheesy quests, dialogue options or just situations in the world, it's definitely more cheerful and funny game than a grim one. For one Minsc in BG, there's a dozen in DOS2.
&gt; all of which are legitimately difficult People can destroy tridolon parts in mere seconds and orbs are even easier. The first one is annoying because of CC but is otherwise a breeze, the second was soloed within minutes of the update releasing, and the newest boss fight is somehow even easier. Sure it requires some experience and a good build on one person out of 4, but I wouldn't call that "legitimately difficult". And except for the tridolon and arcanes, no other boss is really worth farming since they don't drop anything that special.
To be fair, he's a got a point. In the start you're a weak nobody but even half way through the game I could clear entire enemy camps on my own. Henry might not be a legendary hero but he's still extraordinary to be able to walk into a 1vs6 melee fight and come out practically unscathed. Not to mention how much wealth he accumulates by then...
It's the opposite for me, I'd rather have the "original" system from baldur's gate where it's almost seamless. I found some battles in DOS2 to drag for way too long. And besides, plenty of other games have turn based strategy, not many have the hidden rounds system any more, so it'd be cool to see it in a modern game for a change.
I feel like anyone praising fortuna or poe hasn't played any other online game with similar updates. Each of gw2's living story maps has more content and replayability than either poe or orb vallis, and they release them on a 3-4 month schedule - not yearly.
I guess the 10 year old me didn't min-max it to boredom like y'all did. I used materia all the time, aoe spells were cool, healing materia was always necessary/useful, I used summons other than the 9 knights of the round, I even used the halving hp or bio materia because it was interesting, although I thought lighting was the coolest. I can't imagine playing through entire ff7 without experimenting with materia beyond just maximizing basic attack damage, but to each his own I guess...
Depends on what you want out of the game If you want challenging endgame content or story, or something focused on teamwork, then no If you want hundreds of different weapons to unlock, master and experiment with while making your own goals in the game, while effortlessly massacre hundreds of dumb enemies, then yeah
Oh yeah... starting a new unmodded playthrough and it brought back all the bad memories when I started dropping fps in the very first area and planet. It's going to get even worse later when I start building larger stuff or get vehicles, or eventually add mods. And it's little things like these that take me out of the game and slowly but steadily ruin my fun, especially considering it shouldn't be happening at all for a 2D pixel art game.
You should look into how seed based procedural generation actually works because it has nothing to do with performance. Besides, NMS is 3d, has better graphics and is just as infinite and performs better than starbound.
Thanks, this was the best solution. I just added them all to a collection and now I can easily sub/unsub from all of them, or individually.
It's pretty clear everyone is talking about the performance once the planet is loaded, not the loading times themselves. And I'm pretty sure that one Terraria planet has way more stuff on it, more diverse biomes and different enemies, than a single starbound planet. Or take any other example like factorio, where you could have thousands of different entities of which every one has to be processed and tracked, everything is constantly moving and is being simulated on an endless world as well. There are trains, enemies, liquid simulation in pipes, digital logic circuits, etc... and I can run it at stable 60 fps forever. What starbound has to manage is basic in comparison.
Do you not consider dishonored a stealth game? It's pretty new and really popular/successful. Then there's stuff like MGSV or even Payday 2, and alpha protocol before that. Assassin's creed is a stealth game but only in name, since all the modern releases are more about action than stealth, but considering the success of the first 2 games I wouldn't agree that they just don't generate enough income. If stealth was that unpopular it wouldn't be shoehorned into every modern rpg game from skyrim or fallout to far cry or wildlands. You might say that games like shadow of mordor/war aren't heavily stealth based game, but I think they are - it's just a different interpretation that gives you leeway for failing at stealth, but the biggest focus is still on picking your fights and avoiding fights whenever possible, making it a stealth game. Same goes for new deus ex games for example, they're great stealth games with super level design - the only missing criteria from your post is that they aren't "only" about stealth but have combat as well. But then again, even Hitman has combat and you can "bruteforce" every mission and you did mention it as a good example, so I'd say games like Deus Ex, Dishonored or SoW should count as well.
I'm pretty sure the implication is that it's the same person, Captain Noble pretending to be your bounty to give you an easy win and get you started with the bounty hunting, as an in-lore tutorial. I mean they even keep flattering each other, Noble saying how handsome Ignoble is etc... And the differences you mentioned are clearly just the usual "big nose and glasses" disguise mask trope.
Yeah you're right it's ridiculous... Damn I knew I wasn't cut out to be on the force, I should just go back to my muffalo business and give up on this bounty hunting jig... At least with them you know who's who!
&gt; if the thing you're attacking doesn't have exactly the right numbers, it's either virtually impossible or trivially easy. Dunno if PoE does this correctly but it's what is making me slowly hate warframe more and more. They have no idea how to balance difficulty so all content is either trivially easy for veterans, or borderline impossible for newbies. And they just keep making it worse by adding enemies with more hp or damage (which doesn't really affect veteran players at all), while also giving more powerful tools to players all the time (making them even more adaptable and powerful in all situations). They give enemies complete immunity to abilities but they can still be one-shot by most weapons for example. Gear treadmills are good idea in practice, it did work MMOs like WoW in which each expansion adds a new gear tier, but if the developers don't know how to handle it, it just makes the whole game worse.
IIRC they did have a person working on the data-driven game AI during development, but then she got moved to a different project. I think there's a GDC talk about it as well? I guess they didn't see a need to keep her on stellaris after the game launched.
I know, I know, I like it too... But there had to be a compromise or middle ground between walking everyone and bulletjumping over/through anything. Maybe instead of adding bulletjumps they could have improved wallruning and climbing, and made the missions use fewer tiles when generating maps so they're shorter, instead of making us move faster? As for the mod stacking, thats another thing they don't want to touch for some reason... The difference between a newbie and a veteran is exponential. A weapon in the hands of a newbie will do like 100-500 damage, in a hands of an advanced player maybe thousands per shot but in a hands of a veteran, sometimes tens of thousands, if not hundreds of thousands damage per shot. It's no wonder they can't balance the game at all when a difference between players can be so big. Last year they said that they'd look into difficulty as part of their roadmap and recently they said they won't after all since it's such a hard task... And I guess I can empathize with them, it'd be a massive change to an old game with an established player base. However... other games release sequels and get to "start from scratch" that way, warframe doesn't have that luxury and big changes will be necessary sooner or later. We're already seeing a slow but steady dip in active players over the last few years and I personally think it's because of this.
I don't even feel good trashing everything because inventory caps are so small, it feels like I'm just throwing away resources when I'm maxed, which I guess I am. I log into the game and I just don't know what to do with all this gear that I don't know if I'll need, if it's good, if I should salvage it, if I should save it for projects or if I should just sell it. And it's not like gear score is a good indicator in any way. I have no idea what was their reasoning behind this system. I come from warframe where inventory capacity is practically limitless and this system in div2 has singlehandledly made me stop playing the game.
Hitting WT5 revealed the gear score issue and inability to create any meaningful build to me because you constantly have to replace your good parts with worse parts that have a higher GS. Also, at this point I'm drowning in useless mods, I don't know what to keep, salvage or sell. And personally I don't think collectibles or achievements are content, they're just arbitrary checklists but I understand it's a subjective thing.
Definitely give Gwent:Thronebreaker a try. It's basically a single player RPG but with cards instead of the usual rpg progression. If someone joins your army you get him as a card unit. If you find a new weapon, it's a card you can use in your deck. If someone leaves because of your decisions, or when some story stuff happens, some cards can "leave" your deck and you have to make do without them.
Seems like my best bet then is to just get the annual pass with forsaken now, since I'd have to get it in september anyway to play it (and I'm having fun so far so it seems like I will). I was thinking about just playing the base game for a while but too much seems to be missing without the pass. I'm not sure what you mean by starting level though, will new players in september automatically start with 750 power and lvl30 characters? Or is it some kind of a forsaken perk?
I mean that one looked like a teen show, I hope wot is oriented towards more adult audiences...
Holy shit I love this show
Agree 100%. I liked DA2 because it's doing something different and new, it focused on a single city and how it evolves over time, how your relationships with other characters and your family change over time (which I haven't seen before in RPGs since they're usually all dead). Even the combat wasn't that big of an issue to me, I actually thought it's more streamlined and fun although I wasn't a big fan of tactics in DA:O in the first place because it would usually just boil down to chaining combos and healing in every fight. Yeah there are bad things in DA2 but even at it's worst, it's still better than inquisition which is a soulless boring copy-pasted formulaic turd. Inquisition is everything wrong with modern RPGs IMHO and it led directly to andromeda, so I'm still surprised today that people bash the on and love the other when they're conceptually identical.
Or until they release a new game, in case of xr. I'll believe it for x4 when I see it.
That's putting it mildly, I remember reddit shitting on it constantly, saying bioshock 1 was the last good bioshock. And I loved infinite the most, I couldn't stop thinking about the ending for a full week after completing the game. It wasn't until burial at sea that people gave it another chance IIRC.
I just completed the forsaken campaign, did some chalice stuff and are slowly going through my massive pursuits list. I'm at around 700 power level, mostly thanks to the 690 items I got from the opulence introduction. What I'm wondering now is what should I be doing besides slowly raising my power level? Are there any limited time events or stuff I should prioritize? Also, what do I do with all the resources or rankup items? I've been kinda hoarding them, and I've been buying them along with legendary shards from spider for glimmer, but I'm not sure what I actually need them for since it looks like the only way to get more powerful is through powerful engrams, not NPCs or quests.
Is SoO time limited content or will it be here forever? If not (but the "pve season" kinda implies that), how long does it last and do we know what comes afterwards?
Same here, if I have to launch some of my games from steam anyway so I can use the steam controller, then that kinda defeats the purpose of an universal launcher.
Maybe not today, but it used to be. Warframe changed a lot over the years since it was "released", sometimes for the better but sometimes for worse.
You can do it in like a dozen missions with nekros. By now you could have easily had her if you did one mission every 3 days probably, maybe even one per week idk.
&gt; You don't actually have to be equipping it, but you must be carrying it on your Guardian. It won't count if it's in your Vault. Daaamnnn, I wish I knew this few weeks ago when I started. I constantly used weapons or armor I didn't like just because they had higher lvl and so increased my power level. If I just have to have them in my inventory, it makes it so much easier!
I wish there was a certain way to know, an official post about it or sth like that, it seems everyone thinks differently here. I guess I'll just try throwing everything I loot into the vault and see if I stop progressing from powerful gear
You're only playing the most popular mainstream games. Check out indies and go try stuff you don't think you'd like right away, otherwise it's natural you're constantly playing the same things.
I'm not going to downvote you but I am going to disagree. Yes I'm buying a promise, and I'm fine with that. It's one thing when it's a promise made by EA or Ubisoft, or some completely unknown indie dev. It's another thing when it's a respectable company that I'm willing to trust with my money. And before I get accused of a CDPR circlejerk, they are not the only ones I hold in such high esteem. Larian and Supergiant games are also devs I trust by now. Some smaller indies I will also always trust that they will live up to their standards, like Wube of Factorio fame or Unknown Worlds (Subnautica). I'll always check out stuff from Lucas Pope because his last 2 games have been one of my favorites ever (papers please and obra dinn). They're not perfect games but the devs are passionate, dedicated and talented people that have proven to be deserving of our trust. Preorders obviously matter to them and I think it's fine to help them in this small way since we could say that they deserve it. I think it's important to make that distinction. The rhetoric shouldn't be "never preorder under any circumstance!", it should be "don't preorder blindly, but do reward the developers that worked hard to earn our trust, if you can afford to". We should do whatever we can to foster this type of communication and relationship between the devs/publishers and consumers, reward good and punish bad instead of treating them all the same regardless of how they treat us. That would just make them all treat us bad since they gain nothing by playing nice, theoretically.
I think it only has a negative effect if we preorder from everyone. If we start preordering only from respectable companies that have proven to foster good relationship with their consumers, I think that's it's a good idea to preorder from them but not the others. Maybe this type of positive reinforcement would slowly make them all realize that it's better to make hiqh quality games and respect their consumers, than trying to rip them off at every chance they get. CDPR, Larian, Supergiant, Wube and some other indie companies/developers are talented, passionate people that know how to interact with the communities formed around them, that support their games for a long time and with who you can always be certain that you'll get your money's worth. If preordering from them makes them act like that in the future, I think we should encourage it rather than discourage, while not preordering from companies like EA, Actiblizzard or Bioware. Maybe then they'll get the point. Treating them all the same might just result in them all treating us the same way.
Unless you really hate gwent mechanics, I'd recommend it. I don't play "normal" gwent that much, but I loved thronebreaker, it was really well made and even the story was interesting once you get into it. Most encounters are either shortened one round games, or they are "puzzles" in which you have a predetermined hand, board and have to find the solution. It might sound boring but they really went out of their way to experiment with all kinds of situations, rules or synergies here, and later on in the game it's more about being impressed about what they came up with, than having real trouble solving them! It's fun, relaxing, enjoyable without any pvp stress that I usually have when playing online. Deck building could be better, there are still some 3-round battles that get old real fast, but otherwise it was a really nice experience for me.
Bland formulaic world design, copy/pasted filler side quests, open world for the sake of being open world, boring predictable companion characters, lack of compelling villain or narrative, terrible gear progression/crafting systems. Andromeda had the exact same issues, except it went a step further and made it even worse. I still don't understand why people hate andromeda but like inquisition when at their core, they're the same thing... if anything, it's inquisition to blame for the direction that they continued with in andromeda.
I added it to steam so i could play it with steam controller - it doesn't track the playtime for nonsteam games, it just has the "last played" date.
It's not even funny anymore tbh
My summer car
So we could have women with their eyes gouged out, women burned at a stake or in chains, or tied to a rock... but this is where they draw their line? Not to mention that men are even more often dead or suffering on card art, often in more gruesome ways than "lying dead in water/blood"? It seems really arbitrary and inconsistent.
Because if DE did it right the first time, they'd have to work on other stuff next instead of improving the same thing 3 more times over the course of next 2 years. There are many good ideas or approaches on how to do daily/weekly challenges. This has been done in MMOs many times. DE chose a really bad implementation and will not just come with more and more complicated, and pointless, changes until they admit they messed it up.
Well I didn't mention SJW, but I do think censorship is the most likely reason, unless more evidence or a better theory comes along. And I agree that it doesn't make sense considering how many other cards in the game are already pretty violent, the only difference now is that it's dead prostitutes in their own bath of blood. Maybe that's really where CDPR drew the line, idk.
Or accuracy. I still have no idea what it means, or why is heavy caliber on some weapons unnoticed while on others it makes you shoot at practically 45 degree angles.
That's a good point actually. Especially with Lotus/Natah as an envoy between the tenno and the sentient, we could have been best buds.
It has nothing to do with the lifespan of the game, and then again 5 years is not really such a long period. There are books that span decades and manage to tie everything together in the end because the author had an idea and a plan. Warframe has neither and they're just making stuff up along the way, adding it to the game even if it doesn't make sense, just because it looked cool to have it.
I understand, my point was that it might have been fine even if chunks if they actually fit together. Dark souls lore and worldbuilding is based on only chunks but it works because it was well thought out in advance, and in the end it fits. In warframe it doesn't, every new iteration of the story basically changes the previously known things, sometimes completely retconning it. I don't know yet about destiny lore and story but it's also compromised of many little chunks that come from item descriptions or quests, but in the end it actually results in cool complete stories and experiences. Warframe is still just a single story that gets a new annotation every few years.
Ah okay got it. Unfortunately they're nowhere near the level in most singleplayer games, which is a shame since they have put so much focus on lore missions in the last few years. And it's not like they lack the budget for it either, warframe is constantly one of the top played games on steam.
You're kinda ignoring all other arguments like the crafting system, gear score progression, the ways mods work or players not being happy with skills and how they feel. It's not like the game's only flaw is "endgame equipment not dropping fast enough" as you're implying.
&gt; None of the stuff which was actually wrong with the game got much attention. I agree completely, I hated ME:A a year after it launched but for completely different reasons than most people. Who cares about faces or animations when the rest of the game is so boring and uninspired.
How is the fact that crafting is completely pointless an endgame problem? Or that mods and skills aren't fun to use or unlock? I got to max lvl and wt5 without ever using mods or crafting any weapon except a few times for a project. That is not a good or a finished game mechanic, if it were completely removed the game would basically be the same, whter were talking about endgame or not. And even if it were an endgame problem, this is a games as a service looter shooter. Endgame is the game.
If we are going literally by descriptions then warframe shouldn't even be nominated since it's not technically "released", it never actually left beta. Devs even joke about that, they said a month ago that when they get a million twitter followers they'll finally release warframe or something like that.
It's supposed to, it marks the end of the (game) world and you should go back. I'd say it does the job pretty well because I GTFO'd from there instantly :D
The humor was pretty good and clever for a video game but I have to admit that it got a bit tiresome, 80% of their jokes are just "corporate culture exaggerations", generally speaking. It was great the first 4-5 times but practically every location or quest used a joke of that caliber... and it's not like it's that original either, fallout did it way back. So in terms of worldbuilding it seemed a bit lazy, but it made up for it in other aspects. The companions were 10x better than in any recent bioware game, they quickly grow on you and they have pretty good dialogue and sidequests. The "more sci-fi" sidequests (science, space or tech related) were also pretty interesting but this could be just my personal bias. The NPCs you meet on various locations are great as well. I'd be a much better game if only the inventory management and combat weren't so meh. On one hand you have dozens and dozens of types of food and drink, on the other your entire equipment is 4 weapons, armor and helmet - and even there the variety is pretty bad after a while. And most of the skill/perks you unlock are just incremental stat upgrades which is really boring.
Ah that's a shame, I hoped the companions would play a bigger part later. I loved how mass effect and kotor made the journey seem like it's all about your companions in the end, how it all comes together in a big finale. I'll have to give the low-int playthrough a try once but it probably won't be any time soon, need to get into the mood for something so long term again. I'm having more fun with small indie games that you play for short periods atm, everything else feels like trying too hard nowadays...
True. I can spend dozens of hours building an entire world in factorio. I used to spend even more exploring and mastering the universe in X3 and EVE when I had time for that. I spend hundreds of hours on mount and blade in total and across various mods, and it never felt like a chore because these are massive games in which you can always find something new to do or something new to learn. I also never thought of the huge world and ludicrous amounts of side quests in TW3 as a bad thing, because it was a beautiful handcrafted world that I genuinely enjoyed spending time in. 100 hours of content doesn't mean anything on its own, it can be good or bad. I couldn't stand playing AC origins for more than 20-ish hours but I'm looking forward to cyberpunk if it's even half as good as TW3. I've been having a blast with Hades because it's just so lovingly and beautifully made, even though looking on the surface i should be bored out of my mind constantly doing the same thing - fighting. I guess the only important thing in the end is that you're given a choice to do what you want, in ways you want to do them, that you have a game that makes learning fun. Then the more hours it can provide, the better. The issue is that companies like ubisoft or ea don't care about the fun, they just want to maximize the hours played while sacrificing everything else for it. It's even worse if they start monetizing this... they are literally min-maxing profits at the expense of consumer enjoyment, and unfortunately they often balance it well enough that it makes them a ton of money. But it's really hard to just try out everything with an open mind... buying something doesn't guarantee quality at all, and there's just so much shit to crawl through until you find something that's good and not mainstream...
Ubisoft learned how to "fix" this issue. In newer AC games you literally can't progress the main story if you haven't leveled up enough through side missions, the enemies simply become too strong otherwise.
That's why I said it's probably only feasible for indies that can keep up with the development on a low budget. Meaning text lines instead of fully voiced dialogue, naturally no mocap or high lvl graphics, no advanced AI that would need continual maintenance or development... You can't expect someone to constantly create god of war level of content for such a niche audience, but smaller indie games like project zomboid, rimworld, factorio have been doing a similar thing already, working on a singleplayer game and adding content for years to come - except they've been doing it as part of the early access rather than ongoing post-launch support.
Transistor's OST is my favorite tbh, right up there with Pyre! But I agree that gameplay is really meh. Hades is amazing though, I've put more time into it than all other SG games combined and I still love every minute of it. The only thing it's missing is more Ashley!
Imagine the player outrage if a new game released in such a state WF is currently on anthem levels of broken
Did you need to get far away from the starting zones? I still haven't ventured far since all my ships and assets are near the beginning stations.
I have no idea why reddit likes this game, it's just as bad as any modern ubisoft open world game. It's basically rage but worse, the entire game is just doing checklist stuff and gathering materials to upgrade your vehicle so you can do more identical chores... Complete 10 bandit camps, collect 5 artifacts, gather 500 metal scrap, drive to 10 question marks on your map, etc. I regret even the $5 I spend on it.
&gt; but besides the 4 equipable item slots, the stamina &amp; fear slots That's already 3 things more than what you have in odyssey or origins though...
&gt; Rush Repair Drone Removed from Market Thank god. I still wish it was removed completely but this is definitely a step in the right direction since it will mean that resource costs are not balanced around a profit margin but rather actually player engagement and satisfaction (i hope).
Dunno, I guess it's just personal opinion. To me the cyclops was the best vehicle I drove in any game, ever. It felt like a real home base, it had weight to it but with some experience you could still navigate it even through the narrow corridors deep under the sea. The external cameras you had to use were so immersive and fun to me. No other game gave me that feeling of accomplishment and satisfaction, that feeling of owning and operating a real machine compared to just pressing WASD from a third person view. It also feels like it's so vulnerable but in reality its one of the safest places to be, at least in endgame. Managing the power, getting upgrades for it, building *inside* of it was the best part of subnautica to me. Prawn was slow and boring on the other hand, and made hostile environments too easy IMO. But once you get the grappling hooks it gets a ton of mobility and speed.
I'm really liking this trend of bigger and more popular youtubers calling out DE on their bullshit and state of WF. It seemed like 6-12 months ago everyone was praising them to heavens, even after fortuna, the new bosses, nightwave didn't really land that well. I guess the kuva liches + railjack were the tipping point, and thank god... it was about time. If warframe were a newly released game in this state after 6 years of development, it'd get more shat on than anthem.
I meant more in terms of actual gamebreaking technical issues and gameplay design (remember when everyone hated on anthem because every mission was either a defend or exterminate? or because it kept crashing and people would lose progress when the host disconnects? thats literally host migrations in wf which have been a huge issue for years). New player experience is a completely different discussion and I actually think WF wouldn't benefit much from it. Lets say you have a handholding tutorial for the first 10-20 hours, and players don't have to look up stuff on their own, dont have to use the wiki, ask questions or google the answers. What about the remaining 500 hours of content in WF that has been added since? What happens when kuva liches are released? You want a hand holding tutorial for that as well? And then what happens when an update like railjack arrives, these people will again need a custom made tutorial for a constantly changing gamemode that DE has to maintain, because they never learned to learn by themselves? And a tutorial for plains of eidolon, and for hunting and fishing and mining, and a tutorial on archwing and kdrives and how to build them, and for arcanes and tridolons.... Warframe caters to a set of players who can set their own goals, who can research and learn stuff on their own, either through the wiki, googling, forums or just asking around. "Hiding" this part of the game by investing hundreds or thousands of developer workhours for a nice new player experience just seems dishonest since in the end, these players will have to learn to look stuff up themselves anyway eventually, its just that kind of a game. DE cant create tutorials for every aspect of it, and I dont think they should. It is already too much of a singleplayer game, I'd rather they just improve the clan and alliance mechanics, or the social aspect in general, so people can actually easily join clans and learn from other players. We need LFG tools, we need the ability to belong to multiple clans, we need an improved chat that doesnt look like a college student's first java project, like cmon even gw1 from 15 years ago had a 10 times better and more customizeable chat which doesnt stop working whenever you join a mission! We need custom channels, ability to link stuff in it, to set ingame boards of information like corporations in EVE could. This stuff would help with the new player experience, not some artificial tutorials that would be out of date all the time.
I admit it's nice to have a skill system which doesn't make you stupidly op to the point of boredom. However, it's also a bit boring because it's all just incremental stat increases. Level 30 character does the same thing as a level 1 character but better. I miss the times when leveling in an rpg meant you unlock something new, fun or interesting to do, whether it's a new ability, new combat move, new dialogue options or stuff like that. It shouldn't be just "having 10 hp more", "doing 20% more damage", "support 30 more followers" etc.
The skybox is nice, everything else on that pic is pretty ugly tbh. Just look at lighting effects and reflections on your wf or asteroids, the aliasing around your helmet, the UI (the useless minimap, your cat's nametag on the bottom somehow?)... Warframe has its moments but generally it's not really a pretty game compared to something actually aesthetically pleasing like god of war, destiny, elite dangerous etc. Particle effects in ground missions are the biggest reason why it all looks so cheap at times.
Balancing by just releasing more powerful and OP crap is what fucked ground combat in the first place, and now its a mess nobody dares touch any more. I have no idea why are you and other people like you pushing for the same thing to happen to railjack which was supposed to be a "thing done right from a fresh start".
I'd say most of your points are pretty arguable and don't really explain why we needed a new map for them to work. 1. Lore - did we really get that much? we get a new npc faction and a story quest about renewing their fight against neff anyo, but it never went anywhere, and it wasn't that new or original in the first place. If I could choose I'd rather they expanded and actually continued the story with quills, the eidolons and cetus and made it actually mean something than start something else and then also never finish it. 2. I wouldn't say bosses were fleshed out at all. Profit taker is one of the worst boss designs in the game, and orb mother is one of laziest designs ever, it would barely count as an elite mob in other games in terms of how many mechanics it has. The only good thing about it was the cinematic cutscene, everything else was extremely disappointing, rewards included. and they still haven't completed the promised third boss, and considering how much stuff they have on their plate now, they probably won't in any immediate future. 3. Kitguns, when you say "mechanical benefits" i guess you mean that people use the 3 meta kitguns that are just OP. waste of a modular system, and no improvement over the zaw system at all, they might as well have created 3 unique cool looking weapons and that was it. at least then maybe they could have balanced them properly. 4. kdrive was a complete failure both when it comes to design, to vent kids standing grind and the actual implementation. the worst thing is that it was completely obvious that it's going to be ignored and useless after the initial novelty wears off, but de didn't really care or listed to that, as long as Rebb could make sick stunts on devstream. 5. mission variation improved slightly with the addition of interception, spy and excavation but we didn't really need a whole new area for that, they could have continued adding variety to poe and made one good map instead of 2 half assed ones. and these missions are not taking any advantage of the open area at all, they are just existing missions but cut down in size and placed in a few locations in orb vallis... there is nothing innovative or interesting to it. 6. hunting is so badly designed and implemented that the only way people can tolerate doing it is by cheesing ivara or equinox sleep. besides it didn't require a new map for it to work, it could have been added to plains of eidolon, like it eventually was. 7. what is there to explore in caves? what installations? it's just meaningless environments and sometimes you find a toroid. maybe you scan a single hidden fragment. if you consider this good exploration worthy of an open world map, maybe you should go give dark souls, subnautica, skyrim, fallout, zelda, hollow knight or any other game that actually focuses on exploration a try 8. the addition of the mining/fishing tool was a bandaid fix for a mechanic that was shitty in the first place. they just made it easier so people stop complaining about it so much. and how does this justify them working on a completely new map? they could have done that in plains of eidolon, or they could have made it into something actually fun to do instead. I still don't see what addition in orb vallis actually justified a year of development and a completely new open world map. they just reskinned stuff from orb vallis, reset the standings (but made it 10 times easier to grind so most people were done with this map in a month or two even if playing at a casual rate) and released it. And it was still a mess at launch and it barely worked. and its still practically dead now for most people who have no reason to go back to it.
Yes! They have such a good core gameplay loop in hades, I feel like I could play it forever if they just add more content every few months or years after release like they're doing now during EA.
I bought hades on epic and gave more money to supergiant that way than you did by buying it on steam. Maybe you should start considering what is best for the developers whose game you love, rather than fighting in a pointless internet drama war. I was also suspicious of EGS at start but I have to admit that I changed my mind since then - by now it should be clear to everyone that steam having some actual competition can only be a good thing, especially if it benefits the developers more. Also, Hades is completely DRM free so you don't even need to have EGS running to start the game once you download it.
Developers and publishers made the choice to break their agreement with steam and go with epic exclusive deals, nobody forced them to do it. Many other games have been and will be released on both platforms simultaneously. Sounds to me like you should be boycotting these specific games then, not EGS, or are you also boycotting GOG and GMG just out of principle because they're not steam? As for EGS platform, it works just fine for me. It doesn't have the advanced features that steam has but for buying a game, installing it and then playing it, it works perfectly. It actually works better than uplay or origin with which I had tons of issues in the past just to get them working. &gt; I have over 400 games on steam and I am not going to swap platforms due to forcing. So you're actively supporting the monopoly of one company. Gotchya. As long as you have principles, I guess.
2 points are saying that what fortuna did, could have easily been done for plains of eidolon (and eventually it was). It was not an improvement due to fortuna, it's just a general improvement for both fortuna and poe because of shitty initial mechanics. You cannot say that fortuna fixed mining when all they did was add a new mining drill that works in poe as well, this improvement to the game did not happen because they introduced a new area - it would have happened anyway. And my initial point to which you responded was that fortuna didn't add anything new to the table, that it's just a reskinned poe. For everything else you just repeated the same stuff again, how it has a lot of lore and how boss fights are cool and it added a ton of content. I think I explained already why I disagree with these statements, so I don't have anything else to add.
Warframe player numbers have been decreasing slowly, its possible they wanted a big boost before the year for annual reports so that's why they pushed for these releases in such a rushed abysmal state.
Mythology was already on my to-order lists but I didn't know Stephen Fry wrote a book about this as well. I read some reviews and it seems great, a more casual and fun take on the myths, but it should be good for starting out. Thanks!
The reason they create new content is because they fucked the old content beyond repair. What can they reuse from existing content that can provide more stuff to grind for for players? All standing points and tokens are practically worthless, even if they add new rewards there people will just buy everything instantly. All resource materials are completely obsolete and have just been accumulating for most players since the last time they used it for crafting, any new weapon whose bp is easy to acquire gets crafted instantly. All existing mission types have been done so many times by players that everyone desperately wants something new to do. They can't even rely on the combat/rivens/warframes to satisfy players because they fucked up gameplay and combat so much that they can't do anything with it, they said many times that railjack is their way of adding challenge back to the game by starting with a clean sheet again, which is both hilarious and sad in retrospect. What exactly do you want them to go back to that they haven't tried already, and failed at that? What can they do with old content except more stuff like arbitrations or nightwave?
Lol, the melee rework didn't turn out well at all. It just added even more powercreep to the game, you can slice through heavily armored lvl100 railjack enemies that are practically immune to 6 forma primary weapons. The combo modifier and damage changes in the melee rework just fucked the combat even more than it was before.
Spikes don't really mean much though, they are temporary and if the content doesn't actually live up to the hype generated during those spikes, it backfires. Due to these half-assed buggy messes they have been releasing in the last year or two, player base has been slowly but steadily decreasing overall, even though to an outsider it would seem like it's the best time for getting into warframe due to all the changes and updates.
And just give more empty promises that they can't deliver while pulling on emotional strings how they had high hopes for the update as well. Maybe better if they delay the devstream until they fix railjack, or at least get it to functional state.
True, it's a mastery unlock in core game, but getting one character to max level is basically finishing the tutorial, it's not that big of a barrier IMHO.
What is diverse about warframes buildcrafting? You always have the same 4 identical mods and then you have the option of going either status or crit, that's it. Same goes for all weapons pretty much, there is one established best build for each weapon which most people use if they want to get the most out of it. And all the stuff you listed is exactly the stuff that added to powercreep and the devs being unable to create any sensible challenge in the game, or be able to balance weapons so all members of the team feel like they are participating. Melee can now slice through lvl100 railjack enemies that you can barely hurt with a 6 forma primary weapon, but now they don't want to nerf them because people would complain again, it's ridiculous.
Reddit is collectively afraid of water in subnautica, every time it's mentioned people say it's a horror game. I don't get it either, the game was tense and exciting as you go deeper but it never felt scary to me.
I recently tried playing more GTAV after watching forsen play san adreas and I had a revelation. It's really not me who got old and jaded by games, it's really the games that are shit nowadays. Most of the missions in san andreas were just unique and memorable, focusing on fun and humor rather than pointless busywork. I did 2 story missions in gtav, they were 5 minutes of boring cutscenes, driving to a depo, shooting a single guard and then driving a huge truck outside and hiding from cops for 30 seconds, and then driving it back. Another mission was watching an obnoxious cutscene of michael and his son driving in a limo, then a cutscene, then you drive back and you then just shoot a bunch of mercenaries, only for it to conclude with another horrible cutscene. Meanwhile in san andreas you go from driving monster trucks on a timer, to driving a huge combine harvester over rednecks, to having a chase in hoverboats... and everything from character mannerisms, to their speech and the plot going on, to the radio and the npcs... it was all just made to be fun and hilarious, not reallistic or immersive. I had the same feeling when I finally played vampire the masquerade and found out what it's like to play a game which is not filled with tons of pointless busywork and copy-pasted sidequests that serve only the purpose of artifically prolonging the game time.
Based completely on my personal experience (so we're even in that regard at least), I found that games completely ruined my attention span, memory and ability to focus. It took a lot of practice, reading and training, to get to the point where I can rely on my brain similarly to how I used to, and I'm still not there completely. As someone who loves games, I wouldn't say that benefits of gaming outweigh this cost in any way. And plenty of RL hobbies and activities can help you develop the skills you listed at the end while also providing a potentially useful skill or other health benefits that you do not get by playing video games.
Sure, but then don't pretend that you're having sex for the health benefits, and don't ignore the negatives because of a slight positive in order to justify you simply having fun. I know it's easy to just react instinctively and be defensive about your favorite hobby but as someone who has played games for more than 20 years, I definitely do not think it's as innocent as reddit tries out to make it seem, both physically and psychologically. And keep in mind that most younger people on reddit do not consider gaming "playing a game few hours per week", it's probably more in line of half a dozen hours per day, with online games being their main"socializing event" instead of actually socializing with someone face to face.
Best game world edge / invisible wall ever. In other games people try to glitch around them to see what's beyond, in subnautica everyone just unanimously gets the fuck out lol.
Except you're forgetting the damage type variations, warframe buffs (octavia, chroma, rhino), arcanes that can increase weapon damage, operator focus buffs... And it's all multiplicative, so that 50-200x damage can sometimes become a 150-600x increased damage with a single warframe ability. Also... &gt; DE has straight up stated that a weapons power level and mastery are balanced to eachother Lol
I will lose a lot more when one day I just decide I've had enough and stop playing warframe altogether. I don't think I'm far from that tbh, I barely played during this whole year and after the kuva lich / railjack updates, I have 0 wish to turn it on even for the login rewards. And if DE doesn't take this chance while they have the means, then say goodbye to good games in this genre because there won't be anything comparable like this on the market for a long long time, indies can't compete from scratch (DE was an anomaly at the edge of bankruptcy when they did wf) and AAA creates... well, anthem.
Yeah she seems a bit OP, the power that incrementally gives more energy is straight out busted lol, especially if you have enough card draw (and she always does).
I wasn't there for SWG so I wouldn't know... but I'd say that is a different situation since it died because of massive unpopular changes to the game, not because of slowing development or maintenance mode.
A new developer
I'm salaried and not paid by the hour but I still get compensated for overtime, that doesn't mean anything. You don't really think all the people working overtime at CDPR are doing it for free?
Exactly, as someone who works in IT I agree. I have worked overtime, I will again, sometimes it's just the reality of the job. If you want a fixed 8 hour workday go work in a groceries store where you have 0 responsability or care what happens to you tomorrow. When you're invested in a company and have other people, other developers or thousands ( or in CDPRs case, millions) of potential users that depend on you, it is not such a black and white situation. Shit always happens and sometimes you need to put in more work to make up for it, it's a complex industry. As long as you're able to do it and are properly compensated for it, when it doesn't take too long or lead to extreme cases, it's completely normal for any job. I know plenty of people who own a business and have to be available basically 24h per day, and it's their own choice and they find a way to manage it all in the end. But I doubt most redditors can understand that since they probably haven't held a job with any responsibility in their life, if they even work.
For me what killed the enjoyment is the focus on zerg open world pve events. There is no enjoyment in standing among 50 other people, spamming 2-3 long range skills until the boss dies, while enduring 15fps and the occasional oneshot. They should have improved instanced content and personal progression instead of focusing on just pumping out these open world maps devoid of any real content. All living story episodes are made from the same mold and it got old years ago.
Why would anyone use any of that when it's easier to just, you know, kill the enemy? If the game were slower and you had to actually worry about your defenses, I'm sure people would actually use the abilities as intended. Since just bulletjumping everywhere and oneshotting enemies at any range is an option, why would anyone opt to play in a slower and safer way when it's unnecessary? This is not a player issue, this is a core gameplay design / balance / developer issue.
The "rotary phone" ability selection on warframes like wisp, ivara or vauban is one of the worst UI design decisions DE has come up with. You can't quickly cast what you want, you never know how many times you have to rotate without looking at the UI on the bottom and it's generally slow and tedious. I'm up for any improvements in this regard but I think it'd be better if they just fixed the way you use this ability than just adding some new functionality specifically for wisp (since they couldn't apply the same functionality to other warframes since it doesn't make as much sense there).
Yeah, it was a big deal at the time, they found some old tweets of his which weren't... politically correct... so they fired him to avoid an internet outrage I guess.
Personally, I just want the option to click quickly 2 times instead of having to hold or move mouse or anything like that. So for example, casting the life mote is always just pressing 1-1, the haste mote is 1-2 and shock is 1-3. And I guess you could still have the option of holding cast to just instantly cast the last used option, so in case of ivara's arrows for example you can just quickly select sleep with 1-4 and then constantly cast sleep by just holding 1. That way you never have to worry about on which mote you're currently in, and casting one takes less time than what it currently takes to just rotate it by one slot.
One of my favorite books when I was a kid was Jules Verne's Mysterious Island. It's about 5 people getting stranded on an island and then building a very "techy" colony out of nothing. I'm pretty sure that this book is what made me love these survival / base building games later in my adult life but it might be a stretch since it's been such a long time ago :D. In any case, if you're up for a bit more difficult, scientific, slow paced reading but with a good twist at the end (if I remember correctly at least), give it a try.
Open world is a setting, its the environment, it's not the purpose of the game itself. Once the players realize that and stop buying games that offer nothing new except an open world, then we might actually see the "open world" used correctly. For example, it makes sense that gta games are in open world, you want to have a big city with surrounding areas that you drive around, but the focus is on missions that happen in these areas, not the other way around (or at least, it should be but it's something they forgot about in GTAV). It makes sense that TES and Fallout games are in open world, because these games are about exploring in any direction you want to. However, the focus is on quests and NPCs you encounter at these locations, the experiences you have, it's not enough to just have an open world. On the other hand, you have ubisoft. Games like assassins creed, far cry, andromeda which only use open world to prolong the game time and create artificial barriers, instead of using it to enhance the story or events in it. They would have been much better games if they got rid of the huge empty open worlds and actually narrowed down the scope. TL;DR I think it depends on the implementation, open world is not a bad idea in itself, I think most games can benefit from it. It's only an issue when devs replace actual content with open world rather than using it as just a setting / environment for the actual game they are making.
Is it an issue of lack of staff or just bad design though? X:R had plenty of technical issues but most of the mistakes in it were "intentionally designed" that way, not the other way around. And they had a pretty good and functional system in X3 when it came to automating ship and fleet behavior, everything since just feels like a downgrade. And if they really wanted to just make it simpler for people to understand, they could have done something like factorio's train interface, it's a pretty great visual interpretation for boolean branching logic and behavior scheduling in general, that most people can understand intuitively even if they don't have a background in programming.
I played a bit at launch and got annoyed with the mod system, underwhelming skills, weird gear score calculations and generally inventory management. Will the complete overhaul fix any of these issues, what are they actually changing?
Yep!
Yep! :D
Well, they do say that all humankind weapons are modeled after the infernal arms, and that the adamant rail was hidden away so they never discover it because it would cause untold damage to humanity. Seems like pretty clear foreshadowing to the modern (post gunpowder) era, although I personally hope they don't go there. Even as it is right now, I find it a bit jarring to have an assault rifle in an otherwise mythology/fantasy game...
But Than confirms that she's not in the underworld either, and I imagine Nyx or even Zagreus would know if she arrived.
Yep, even in EA it's more polished than many fully released games. It's my favorite rogue lite game so far.
Play on god mode then? Don't raise the heat too much? It's a roguelike, it's supposed to be difficult. Being able to practically oneshot bosses or facetank them was a ridiculous situation, it's good that they are balancing it in early access. Besides, it's been less than 24h since the update hit, stop panicking and give it an honest try. Most people didn't beat the hydra on their first try but nowadays you probably never even lose on it, the same will happen again.
The argument works both ways, players can always make the game easier with god mode or by not using heat. The norm should be a difficult game, it's a roguelite after all.
Sword and spear were pretty bad even before the update. Are you sure it's because of shops and not simply because you didn't play them in a long time?
Who doesn't?
But 32-40 heat runs should be almost impossible, they are optional challenges that the game never forces on you so 10% chance actually sounds pretty good? 10% chance in a ~20 min run to accomplish the most difficult achievement in the game and get that skelly statue, it's better odds than I ever had in dark souls... and in DS it's a requirement for finishing the game, not a completely optional achievement that doesn't actually do anything. As for getting titan blood, the best way to unlock materials is not to do high heat runs but rather to do many low heat runs on various weapons, so I don't think it's relevant in this case. There was a post here recently with a victory screenshot that shows a player with 40+ consecutive escapes and without a single loss. IMHO that completely ruins the feeling of the game, both narratively and when it comes to gameplay.
Yeah my sample size is nowhere near enough to judge it correctly, but I'm assuming that Supergiant with their stats and metrics can make a better decisions than us, and if they say that a thing X need nerfing they probably put more thought into it than any of us. But the few runs that I did so far felt the same as for the last week, either you get lucky and breeze through everything, or you can't complete your build and struggle. I'm still having tons of fun because of the hydra rework and reduction in greatshields, and demeter's boons look pretty interesting so it's overall an improvement. I also definitely think that the spearpoint needed fixing because being able to facetank bosses is ridiculous for a game like this. I just don't want this fearmongering on day one to influence the developers and make the game stupid easy again, and the discord is full of people complaining about it all the time. I can't help but think that the influx of all the new players that arrived with the steam release might impact the game development negatively...
In case you ever want to give it another try, the Cyclops is actually very safe for exploration. As long as you turn off the engines and step away from the pilot's seat, monsters won't attack it (and will stop attacking it if you're already under attack). It is actually the best way to explore the depths!
I feel like you just had a few unlucky runs, which could have happened before as well. Depending on which pact options you take, a 6 heat run can pretty much feel exactly the same as a heat 0 run, and the game definitely didn't get that much harder that this should feel impossible. It's basically just turning on extreme measures and they don't even make the game that much harder (it makes thesseus actually easier for me since it stops him from throwing the spear). The blue barrier, increased hp or the increased trap damage are also things you can easily work around without it affecting your playthrough a lot. I did a few quick ~10 heat runs yesterday after the update and with the exception of act 4 being more difficult because of the spearpoint nerf, it felt pretty much the same as always. But more difficult just meant in my case that I didn't beat hades with almost full HP and 3 DDs and instead, I took more damage so its more tense since I was actually in risk of losing. But that's more due to me being complacent since I was used to ignoring most boss attacks, and I didn't take many defensive boons since I was used to going full damage for speed runs before, which I will have to adjust now. As for new players struggling with heat 0... That's kinda the point, we all did? The game is not designed in a way that you should be able to kill hades in the first day, a lot of narrative is intended to happen before you actually kill him...
It really depends on the weapon you're using, how much darkness you have and if know how to anticipate and avoid all their attacks. It took me many runs to kill the hydra, even more to kill thesseus and asterius but when I finally did it, it felt great and it's been smooth sailing ever since. Now I go through them with barely any effort, rarely actually losing any more, it only happens if the run goes terribly and I make some huge mistakes, or if I use a weapon I suck with (bow for example). The last update removed some crutches that enabled this, and yeah it's difficult - but only because I need to actually actively play and avoid everything instead of just going for maximum damage while keeping them weak. You're not meant to win constantly, it's a roguelite. My win rate in slay the spire is maybe 20% but that's part of the game. As long as you feel like you're improving, that's the only thing that matters - and Hades has plenty of other stuff that make you stronger as you keep playing, both in terms of boons you unlock, decorations, trinkets, aspects or simply darkness.
I think it's just the way they made it because it'd be really annoying if it were that easy to lose the cyclops. It's a huge investment, especially once you start building *in* it. And the combat is not the game's main strength anyway, all your bases are also invulnerable no matter where you build them so I think it fits the game pretty well, even if it's somewhat unrealistic.
Who says that they are required to keep official records of all communications? But even if we say that's the case, then it's not an issue of technology being used but rather, it's a matter of enforcing the law. Calling them pieces of shit just because they are smart about their privacy, which every person on the internet should be nowadays, is hypocritical of reddit users who are usually really loud about anonymity and privacy on the internet.
&gt; The healing is so minimal, you get more off the traveling between rooms thing This is simply, completely wrong. Spin attacks heals for 1 hp for each spin hit, for each enemy hit. This means that if you spin it through 3 enemies and it hits them 3-4 times, you'll heal ~10 hp in that period of a second or two. I agree on the chaos gate issue, I agree the spear is not good against bosses since you can barely heal there, but the spear is completely dominating all other rooms because it has huge aoe damage and keeps you at full hp for practically the whole run.
&gt; I go from routinely killing Hades without losing a single Death Defiance the whole run and now I've routinely lost one before I even reach Elysium. This single sentence is enough to justify every single nerf in this update IMO.
I hardly find it "literally impossible" since in my last few ~10 heat runs I managed to buy at least a few boons every time. Which I think is the intent, the final shop is something to spend your remaining cash on before the boss fight, not something you should buy out completely every time you get there. It needs to be a choice on what you want to prioritize and buy, if you want fewer weaker boons or a more expensive boon with increased rarity and lvl. Or if the run is going extremely well and you don't need anything, you are rewarded with an additional diamond or titan blood. Being able to buy everything is boring. As for high heat runs, dunno what to tell you... I am pretty much resigned to shops being almost useless if you take double the prices, but that's the point of it? One pact option reduces your choices from 3 to 2, this one reduces the amount of extra boons you can buy by half. A game shouldn't be balanced around someone taking a pact option, if anything it's the pact option which should be nerfed / buffed so it increases the price by a smaller amount than double.
Maybe I was only thinking of the fated list then because I know there are pages there for sure, and the decoration lists really don't have them. I'll check it out when I get home and play some more, but in the meantime it sounds like a solid suggestion for the feedback thread, they often implement community-suggested stuff!
How many runs do you have in total, and why are you assuming that you shouldn't ever "lose runs"? The name of the game is "dying and getting better", it's not "beat the final boss on your first try", the entire narrative is about you struggling and trying to escape. Nobody should be able to escape at all for the first dozen or more runs, no matter if it's easy mode or not.
Ah sorry, yeah no idea about Zag shield since I never used it, but from what I saw in other comments the damage reduction was OP at high heat runs. The thing with unlocking exposed just sounds like a bug though, that they haven't updated it yet.
Fair enough. For what it's worth, I'm not saying the current state is perfect, I said as much in the first post. It is possible they went overboard with nerfs, or that they need to nerf some enemies along with the boon nerfs. I'm just saying that there is a need to keep things in balance, that there needs to be a difficulty curve that players have to overcome and therefore, there might be a need to nerf the things that are constantly used by the majority of players. Some of the things they nerfed were used to completely skip particular mechanics that you would otherwise have to learn, and it's not good that we get used to a 100% win streak because the game should be fun to play even if you don't make it to hades - it's how every other roguelike out there works as well. And yes, I enjoyed the game before, but I also got bored of finishing every run with 3 DDs remaining and practically no risk of losing, and adding more heat wouldn't really help with that, unless you go for the modifiers that are just kinda unfair, like reducing choice or losing random boons after each act.
Imagine if it turns out he really is just an aspect of dionysus in the end
Heat is not a proper way to balance the game, it's completely optional and very inconsistent in terms of the actual effect it has on the difficulty. People who are just starting out and don't have access to it can beat the game extremely soon, skipping over story progression because they could have beaten Hades by like 10th escape attempt. One player said that he had the conversation with Achilles how Zag doesn't think he'll ever get out of elysium, after he already beat Hades. This is not something that can be self corrected or solved with heat, or should be. Secondly... if SG have metrics and stats showing that too many people are using one specific build or trinket in act 3 and 4, then why shouldn't they nerf it and bring them all in line so there isn't a single clear winner that should be picked every time? They wouldn't nerf this stuff on their gut feeling, they probably have stats and have done research on what to change. And buffing everything at this stage would just create more issues down the line and set a really nasty precedent on powercreep, making it even harder to reach some semblance of balance later, or when new gods get added to the mix. As for your last paragraph, I agree that some things need tweaking, that has never been in question. The issue seems to be more about nerfing of the spearpoint trinket, the weak statuses, the shield aspects, exposed and some other commonly used tactics. Demeter has been in the game for like 24 hours, give them some time to sort out the data, the feedback and for the players to actually get enough runs to judge it properly, there is no way anyone can come to a good conclusion so soon after the update was released. These are all just kneejerk reactions, not actual feedback, since the sample size of runs is way too small for it to be taken seriously.
Anything in particular that is problematic for you? Generally it's easier to learn by asking and getting answers than watching a video, so feel free to do so. I'll try to answer as much as possible but tbh, I haven't played it in years so some answers might be outdated.
I'm always glad I saved this, it's so often useful on this subreddit :D [RAFO](https://i.imgur.com/MYmTOFw.jpg)
Ehh, I wouldn't recommend it if you don't have a lot of time. Warframe is one of the grindiest games I know and all the updates from the last year increasingly value your time less and less, making you spend a lot of time on repeating boring tasks with RNG outcomes. If you want quality instead of quantity, ignore all online "games as a service" f2p *or* b2p titles. Go for finished complete experiences that aren't designed to milk you of all your free time.
Check out payday 2, most of your points are a match. Not sure you'll find anything that is a 100% match, you're pretty specific.
From Thesseus' point of view, yeah
No it's not, you clearly said "Ms.Gard / Midgard", the actual joke is "S. Gard" - Asgard.
As an engineer, I love it. But I can see why they wouldn't ever ship something like that, it's way too "excel-y". Maybe split it in two pages so it doesn't feel so cluttered, at least that way it will have 2 pages that you can switch with one click. It's still better than having to hover over 10 different things and still have less information, at least.
Into the breach! You can even rewind time if you made a mistake!
Yeah good point, it's the old "nature vs nurture" debate :D Regardless, it just feels so good when you construct something and you see it working in the end. That entire book was like that, a bunch of incremental upgrades that all sounded scientifically sound, at least to me at the time. I should probably give it a re-read one of these days.
Additionally, the big twist in the movie has to happen in like an hour or so, in the games on the other hand you spend dozens of hours with that character before it. You're much more connected to it than some movie protagonist that you've only just now seen.
Well, exactly one less, right? The backside is replaced with a dot and all the "edge" square polygons are just replaced with a triangle polygon.
Agreed, feels bad to lose hp because of attacks that you can't see. The 3 furies fight can be almost pitch black at times.
HnH is great, I played it many years ago and I have fond memories of it. However, it's not really a solo game, you need other people, otherwise it's just boring, grindy and desolate. But even then there was always a risk of someone griefing you, of bots, or the usual russian / not hordes that can appear on your doorstep one day. I was relatively lucky and it didn't happen but I heard of people losing months of progress like that...
I have nothing against hard, but this results in practically random dashing around hoping not to get hit. A think a fairer alternative would be for it to reduce the range at which you see, so everything beyond 5 meters from Zagreus is heavily obscured instead for example, but I guess this is disputable improvement too and might make it too hard.
They are making it easier but they're still not really giving us any reasons to actually do this content. They are just "removing" from it when the issue is that it didn't have enough in the first place. Don't get me wrong, it's better than before, but this sounds like just making it tolerable for the foreseeable future instead of actually making it a good gameplay element in wf. I was hoping for some meaningful changes to the system after these 3 months, not just more minor bandaid fixes.
Damn everyone was trashing it like nothing a month ago when it was on a good sale on EGS with a coupon so I skipped it, now it's apparently great. I hate how fickle the public opinion is on reddit, you cant / shouldnt take anyone seriously.
I remember selling wax to a nearby village in exchange for metal tools since they had access to a mine, I'd take my boat and go down the river for around 5 minutes to get to them. It was really fun and exciting every time, and the fear of getting griefed definitely played a big part in the overall experience. But it really depends on your luck, where you spawn and what kind of people you meet.
What am I spoiling? Just listing possible tech unlocks is not really a spoiler imho
They also fired their sound guy and the soundtrack in subnautica was amazing, so I'm also wary. But I won't judge until it's finished, from what I've read subnautica was also a mess during development, I didn't touch it until the full release as well. It would also be a perfect gaming experience for me if it werent for the graphical/performance issues (especially the distant texture popping), and the pacing was kinda off in the later stages, but those are relatively minor issues in the big picture.
Yep, paying only $20 for what is one of my favorite experiences in gaming feels like stealing from them lol, and furthermore many people even got subnautica for free on EGS! I'm just glad that it was such a big success that they can work on a sequel without too much stress, I hope.
Idk, I can't imagine playing without the cyclops. Having all my resource storage, fabricators, food and water supply in a single mobile homebase is the best part of subnautica for me! And how did you even manage to finish the game without the prawn, don't you need it to mine a specific resource at the end? And generally for exploring that area I guess...
I'm playing it through solo with uplay+ now. So far it seems like wildlands, in some aspects better, in some worse. Honestly I don't get the outrage surrounding it, sure it has some flaws and I wouldn't pay full price for it but I liked wildlands and this is similar, you drive around, sneak around bases, shoot bad bad guys with silencers, scout with drones and collect intel or gear. Story is classic US military glorification / masturbation with pretty bad voice acting and lack of any engaging cutscenes but wildlands was the same, it's not like you play this for the story. I miss npc allies that you could syncshot with in wildlands but I'm guessing they removed them for balance and to force you to play online with other people, so w/e. The gear progression is kinda pointless but it doesn't get in the way of just playing the game, I just keep replacing the thing with a looted thing that has a higher number and it's fine. Skill/perk progression is a bit better, there is a bigger variety in vehicles and weapons, there's a ton of gadgets that you can use so that's a plus. I imagine I'll get bored with it in a few weeks, i'm not much for pvp or raiding. But for now it's enjoyable. Definitely don't buy at full price tho.
&gt; Is "MCU-ifcation" a term? If it's not, it should be. It explains the soulless, formulaic, checklist "designed by a committee" game pretty well, which is what andromeda (and inquisition by an extent) are. It adds nothing new or worthwhile to the franchise or gaming in general, it exists just to be a bad copy, full of filler content, taking the safest possible bland options to cater to the widest audience possible. It is designed to be a cash grab and that's it, and I only wish inquisition flopped as hard as andromeda to teach them a lesson sooner, because then mass effect might not have died.
&gt; The dodge is also a get-out-of-jail-free card. With infinite uses. People say that combat is the best improvement in andromeda but I disagree, it's horrible, and jetpack is one of the reasons why. Being able to completely ignore positioning since you can just blink anywhere any time you want completely ruined the tactical feel of previous mass effect games. Being limited to only 4 powers without suffering a big cooldown is also something that ruined the combo system for me since it's almost impossible to create fun synergies like in real mass effect games. The AI is also terrible, both for your allies or enemies, and you can't rely on them any more, they can't watch your flanks, navigate the terrain properly and they don't have real ability builds to create combinations like in real ME games, IIRC they only get a single skill that you can trigger occasionally?
What else is there to do to progress? It's pretty much what I see on the subreddit or in various discussions as well, you can't fight at all in the start so the only way is to avoid conflict.
I dunno, maybe I'm just 'playing it wrong' then but if I try the combat approach I just eventually end up bleeding out somewhere and have to restart. I've come to terms that it's just not a game for me so I'm not saying it needs to change, obviously many people like it.
