Itsuki is the first girl. She was introduced first.
[I reject your goddess and substitute my own.](https://i.imgur.com/1RzqFoa.jpg)
Believe not the words of this false prophet. [Look into your hearts and you will see true light.](https://i.imgur.com/EhtF1w3.jpg)
"First girl" always means the first girl to be introduced. In Nisekoi, Chitoge is the first girl even though Onodera had feelings for Raku from the beginning.
But the Wind Lace items are still %-based. And don't the heroes that typically buy Yasha items already have higher base movespeed?
Unless you're one of those weird edge-cases like Storm where you're worse-off regardless of which one you buy now.
That seems like such a weird fucking decision to me. 'The version we're letting you show off? Yeah that's filled with bugs and crashes and some characters are missing animations or entire moves and we're never updating it again. The more complete version with all of that fixed? Nah you can't see it."
It's just Three-card Monte but with heartless. They line up, the real one does a little hop, they shuffle, then reform a line. If you hit the wrong one, you take damage.
Negi tweets the previews out once per day. So far he's done Ichika and Nino. Yotsuba and Itsuki leaked, which is why they've got big SAMPLE text over them but are also the full picture instead of a crop. In other words, we'll be getting Miku's in about 10 hours.
&gt;or else they just go in lane pushing Except when they do weird shit like cut directly through the jungle and ignore everything between them and the unknown target they're pursuing.
They couldn't have picked a better studio for it, I think. It just fits so well.
[Here.](https://twitter.com/negi_haruba/status/1069535356704321537)
Timber is actually SUPER good at taking early towers. He just does it unconventionally. You know how other heroes do damage to the towers and let the creeps tank it? Well he tanks the towers and lets the creeps do damage to it, because at level 7 he can outregen a T1 with enough left over to force a reaction because a solo mid can't kill him. Either you let him chip away at your T1 until it's gone, or you rotate supports and free up another lane. And once the T1 mid is gone, he goes to another lane and does the same damn thing. Plus he's got a +100 damage talent at level 15 that is far and away better than the alternative +5 Reactive Armor stacks in most situations. He may not punch fast but a free 100 damage still lets him impact towers by himself.
&gt;Yeah but nobody ever right clicks with timber, That's just not true. I've finished off several people by just blowing the entire combo on them and then punching them once with the +100 damage talent. Moreover, it increases your creep clear speeds without needing to spend any additional mana *and* it lets you actually threaten towers instead of being a nonfactor vs. buildings. I think people sleep on the +100 damage talent because Timber disarms himself and he's not usually viewed as someone who punches even when he sometimes does. It really depends on the game and how fast the opponent is going to ramp your stacks up. Looking at the pros, they largely pick Reactive Armor stacks, but IceIceIce (who is fucking fantastic at Timber) seems to lean towards +100 damage more often.
[Or maybe when their shareholders tell them how bad of an idea it is.](https://i.imgur.com/wb5d0Hd.png)
I have no sympathy for Holo after she bodied Megumin in Round 6 two years in a row. Megumin has the potential to go SO FAR if she just doesn't face off against that goddamn kryptonite wolf. Not even a quarterfinals placement because of her, even though Darkness and Aqua have both gone farther.
I mean I preferred Rem winning over Aqua, even if Rem is "waifu bait." Aqua is a good character but she's a complete and utter trash fire of a person who has no place in the upper echelons of the Best Girl contest. Aqua is intentionally written as the antithesis of Best Girl to subvert her own role in traditional isekai stories.
On the bright side, we ought to be getting plenty of HanaKana noises.
It even got to SAO and their Fluctlight quantum-light-soul bullshit.
There really need to be more manga with Oni girls.
Alternate chapter title: *The Duality of Man* It was nice to see Nino sit down and admit that she didn't give Fuutarou a fair shot and, now that she's over her superficial hatred, she realizes he's actually a great guy despite his flaws. Nino is charging forward with the purest intentions while Ichika is one push away from a breakdown. Whether she sabotaged Nino intentionally (by telling their father) or not (by not keeping watch like she said), Ichika is about to lose a lot of face for pulling all this underhanded shit just because she was too afraid to assert her own feelings. Miku at least threw down the gauntlet for an honorable duel; Ichika is too scared to fight at all. **Pathetic.** On the other side of the story, Fuutarou made no progress in identifying the fake Itsuki and then got tossed into a lake, but he also had quality bonding time with Grandpa Nakano so it evens out. I particularly liked the contrast of Fuutarou being able to identify the fish but not the girls, while the girls can identify each other but not the fish. It'll be hilarious if Fuutarou's "love" ends up being him just studying every single thing about them like animals and coming up with the strangest determining factors for each of them.
[ONE OF US!](https://i.imgur.com/pRZw2Ja.jpg) [ONE OF US!](https://i.imgur.com/OWpmmPM.jpg)
I'd say it's a 50/50 on whether he temporarily stops it or gets run over.
Pat hates Psychonauts, Matt wasn't warming up to it, and Woolie isn't great at platformers. I think the only way we get the Psychonauts LP back is if Woolie is on controls and Matt is just watching and enjoying the writing.
"Hans, I've just noticed something." &gt;"The other gangs are all cowards." "Have you looked at what Ichika's done recently?" &gt;"What she's done?" "What she's done in the last chapter. Have you looked at it?" &gt;"What? No. A bit." "She betrayed her sister." &gt;"Hm?" "Have you noticed that Ichika actually sort of betrayed Nino's trust in the last chapter?" &gt;"I... I don't, uh..." "Hans... Are we the baddies?"
TSUKIMIHARA WO
Bloodstone isn't required but it is a good luxury if you can afford it. Some games will force you to just go Arcanes + Soul Ring + Eul's, though. I'm not yet sold on Holy Locket. It seems like it just makes you overly vulnerable to Spirit Vessel and it's hard to gauge how well extra HP regen keeps you alive in a given fight. It's certainly not a BAD item on Timber, but given the cost, you may be better off picking up a Hood for 900g less.
Yeah. At least it's not like Glimpse which rips you out of Eul's as if to say, "you can never escape death."
Just like how Cloud managed to get in because he's technically on a Nintendo console via Theatrhythm, Joker got in because of Persona Q.
Considering that's a massive spoiler, no.
Tried it in demo mode and it just pulls you out of Eul's.
[When you like Nino but know that people are going to be justifiably shit-talking her for the first few episodes and you just have to deal with the shade.](https://i.imgur.com/xBxU8gc.jpg)
I think part of that is just because he actually has color and definition in his eyes instead of solid black circles. [We'll see how they do his reactions, though.](https://i.imgur.com/wM8DXkD.png)
They also found that [fried chicken makes for the most delicious Christmas dinner.](https://www.smithsonianmag.com/arts-culture/why-japan-is-obsessed-with-kentucky-fried-chicken-on-christmas-1-161666960/) I say we start taking note.
Oh I understand it's just a marketing push that stuck, but fried chicken is delicious and I would gladly have it for Christmas.
Though having a 2-second stun on a 4-second cooldown is annoying in its own right.
&gt; Toothpaste imitates mint, not the other way around, dammit. I can accept that. But what's root beer's excuse for tasting like toothpaste?
&gt;If we didn't, it would be nothing more than either the same champ repeated over and over That wouldn't be the case because different match-ups, different years, and newcomers all sufficiently shake things up. Neither Senjougahara nor Shinobu won Best Girl in the years they were eligible and there is no guarantee they'd win after winning Best Character. What we would see is a few high-ranking characters continue to place highly and possibly win, which is exactly what we see now. Moreover, Best Character is a MUCH smaller contest with wildly different outcomes than that of recent Best Girl contests. &gt;or a measure of who's fanbase could muster their brigade better at that point in time. So you mean the way it is now?
Tokyo Mirage Sessions actually having the mirages (personas) be characters was a good move that I wish they explored more in P5.
If you can find one, any Spirit that gives super armor (ex: the polar bear from Ice Climbers) trivializes that fight.
I was desperately trying to give it an honest go, and got really close a few times. Then on the final try, ZSS just sort of ran off the edge and forgot to use her Up-B. It pissed me off because I wanted to actually beat it fair and square.
Jeez, I forgot how jarring some of the cutscene-to-fight transitions are in KH1. I don't remember anything like [this](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=imJSGOrb9qQ&amp;t=13m56s) blindsiding me in any later KH games.
Not if Megumin wins here. Or Megumin loses here and goes up against Holo *again.*
I voted for Megumin but I *kind* of want Okabe to win because I want to keep voting for Megumin. And even if she loses, this contest is something I can point towards and say "THIS is the power of Megumin when she doesn't get bodied by Holo in Round 6."
Bracers are definitely hit hardest by this. That's a loss of nearly 100 hp on a Strength hero if you bought two Bracers.
I'm waiting for the day where some obscure change to the armor formula or agility calculation makes Icefrog give every single hero +1 armor. Just to see how people react.
BOO MEGUMIN LOST. YAY MEGUMIN CAN STILL PARTICIPATE IN BEST GIRL. I'M VERY CONFLICTED. [](#megumin) Congratulations to Okabe. He really deserved it.
Smash intends to have the #1 soundtrack of all time by simply consuming all games with remarkably good music.
Is CTR better than Mario Kart as a whole? No. Is CTR better than Mario Kart 64? HELL YES.
I mean it's also because Lyn (Blade Lord) is arguably the best offense spirit in the entire game, at least from what I've seen. I'm hitting 14k power and I'm not even using a FE character.
Not for that fight specifically but if you get the skills for infinitely-charging a smash and super armor while charging smashes, Little Mac can power through most normal fights with smash spam alone.
I was expecting Fiora to be a spirit that could get enhanced at 99. &gt;!Turns out there is just literally a fucking Mecha Fiora spirit. They don't care at all.!&lt;
That and the big compilation posts of great threads are fantastic. [Like the kitchen tile fetish guy.](https://i.imgur.com/MhGY6D7.jpg)
Yes, but there are spirits that give initial damage plus a boost like attack or defense. Dan just gives the damage.
Slacks made mention of this in one of the TI7 International Archives videos. ["This was ODPixel's moment. He starts talking into the microphone, and he says some stupid shit that makes no sense."](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bKC9Ph5zdXg&amp;t=4m42s)
**Is this item good on Timber?** Just like with Holy Locket, this is a question that's come up recently, and the answer is probably a resounding "well it's certainly not bad on him." Kaya &amp; Sange gives a little bit of everything that Timber wants. Health to tank up, status resistance to deal with the disables you'll be eating, mana + cost reduction, and spell amp to hit harder. But since you can get health and mana from a ton of items, let's focus on the unique aspects Kaya &amp; Sange gives. **Status Resistance:** Timber tanks a lot of disables just through the nature of the hero, and he benefits from drawn-out fights which makes him a subpar BKB carrier. 16% status resistance isn't a huge amount, but it can make the difference between life and death; you might gain an extra 2-3 seconds of disable-free action over the course of a teamfight thanks to this item. Dispels still take priority and you will still need BKB against heroes like Riki, Disruptor, and Night Stalker, but it's helpful. You can even reflect a disable with Lotus Orb and get out sooner than the caster unless the caster was Rubick. **Mana Loss Reduction:** if you're using your spells on cooldown and don't have any cooldown reduction, the cost reduction comes out to being worth ~9.5 mana regen (1.87 for Q, 3.6 for W, 4 for R) on your casts and 4.8 on Chakram ticks. Now that's not as valuable as actual mana regen since Bloodstone doubles that, but it's a way to put the cost reduction into perspective. The cost reduction *does* synergize with Bloodstone's active, as you will have more mana to convert into health, and your Aghs upgrade. You should also keep in mind it reduces mana burn, which is helpful against Anti-Mage, Invoker, etc. **Spell Amp:** in terms of damage, this gives a total of ~91+3/tree damage to your burst combo and an extra 16 dps on Chakram's ticks. In other words, you can expect something like 120-140 extra damage out of this through one full suite of ability usage. This does not compare favorably to other damage items like Aghs, which will give anywhere from 200 to 500 extra damage in the same time frame. Luckily, K&amp;S is not solely a damage item. Kaya &amp; Sange is somewhat situational. The status resistance becomes more prominent if the enemy has undispellable, BKB-piercing disables. The mana loss reduction is good as-is, but becomes even more valuable if mana burn is on the enemy team. The spell amp is a bonus in the situations where you pick it up. And all of this is on top of the fact that it gives 360 hp plus some max mana, attack damage, etc. I certainly wouldn't get it on Timber every game, but it's another item to consider and I honestly do believe it to have a bit more promise than Holy Locket. It opens the avenue for a very bulky, damage-focused Timber build along the lines of BoTs, Bloodstone, Lotus, K&amp;S, Aghs, Octarine. Though you might be better-served just getting a Radiance or something instead.
On one hand, I owe Ichika an apology. Her leg injury was a red herring and I really should have seen that coming, honestly. On the other hand, Ichika left Nino out to dry. She agreed to stop their father for Nino and then intentionally went back on her word. Acquitted on one count, completely guilty on another. But at least she's **FINALLY** stopped shooting herself in the foot. Over on Miku's side, she has been exposed in more ways than one.^(Fuck, the quints are stacked.) Miku's goal was probably to get Fuutarou to look at them as more than just students (which was her plan during the exam) and she just didn't word it properly because she's Miku. Clearly Miku doesn't want to put an end to their relationship. The question is, what will Itsuki do now that she knows the true culprit? Will she tell Fuutarou after questioning Miku, or will she keep it to herself after hearing the reason? Finally we have Fuutarou's training arc and the origin of "you can do it with love." Exactly as predicted, their grandpa just means to learn their idiosyncrasies over years so you can tell them apart at a glance by the way they walk, speak, eat, etc. But the question their grandpa asked, about what Fuutarou plans to do once he can tell them apart, is interesting. Fuutarou's motivation has been solely to find out who tricked him on the first night. There are obviously some benefits to being able to tell them apart afterwards, but he doesn't have a real reason to do so beyond making it easier on himself. If I had to guess, I'd say the conclusion that Fuutarou will arrive at is that he needs to be able to tell them apart to be able to answer each of them honestly since they're starting to interact with him on a much deeper emotional level. It's not fair to anyone to be unable to distinguish them and thus be unable to properly respond to their feelings as a result. At this point, all we can do is wait. Especially since there's a multi-week break and we won't get the resolution to Nino's confrontation with their father until after it. Damnit, Negi!
I'm aware of why she did it. Doesn't make it any less of a dirty thing to do, to agree to help someone and then just change your mind, resulting in them getting in trouble.
They're not even "Diablo 3"ing it, really. Diablo 3 was a market leader non-competitive title for several years and had that prestige as they pulled away from it, but HotS has *never* been more popular than League or Dota 2. Hell I'm not sure it's ever been more popular than Smite. MOBAs as a genre necessitate commitment - even Dota 2, which gives you every hero for free - because you must become mechanically proficient and each one has its own burden of knowledge you have to learn. As a result, competition for players is fierce and the genre can't support many big-name titles. It's similar to MMOs in that regard, but the MMO genre is even more cutthroat. The game was certainly successful for them, but it's no surprise to me whatsoever that they're pulling back from it after a few years. Especially considering Blizzard is a titan of the industry known for being a trendsetter, and HotS was chasing a trend poorly to the point that it could only muster 4th place. HotS has been a lackluster mark on Blizzard's otherwise incredibly powerful track record. I personally wasn't a fan. I did not like that the game's fundamental design made it incredibly difficult to pull your team up but incredibly easy to drag your team down. I remember saying this during the beta and people mocked me for it, but being able to curb stomp your opponents through personal skill and carry your team is an immensely satisfying feeling that is integral to other games in the genre. "Winning your lane" in HotS didn't really feel like it mattered.
The comment I read didn't say anything about off the upper platform but I did some testing and that's probably it. It's got a pretty tight window to string together (had to slow the training down to 1/4 to find the timing at first) but you can KO Bowser at 116%.
Well in this particular instance, Girls und Panzer is pretty well-known. I was honestly expecting it to play a bigger role - [it's got a legion of schoolgirls in tanks on a warpath singing soviet propaganda for god's sake.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Yx03zTvL4K0)
Girls und Panzer pays a surprising amount of attention to historical theming.
&gt;I think I'll get all this XP-Munny-- no it's just regular Munny. Matt, *none* of the pick-ups in this game are XP. There is health, mana, munny, and items. The XP is the number that appears with a "p" next to it whenever you kill an enemy or perform a tech like a parry.
I *did* have a lv9 Chrom knock me away, dash dance, and then jump to his own death, so I think they're starting to make fun of us.
Well considering the war is over, the "first major offensive" was the **only** offensive. I'd call that a win.
You can dash dance as a pseudo-squidbag, but it's not the same.
And here I was expecting [this one.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aCRHM2MSsZ0)
By the by, this isn't their proper release. This is a quick translation from the korean scans, [except someone removed the watermarks they put on (the watermarks are so it doesn't get posted to twitter/aggregate sites) and then poorly scaled the resolution down for some reason.](https://i.imgur.com/mshyq1q.jpg) Which is kinda disrespectful to the scanlators working on it who wanted their quality release out with the usual HQ raws.
So you removed the watermarks and did precisely what they were trying to prevent.
[At least it's not bees.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9toZjUyFBu4&amp;t=43s)
Can we sacrifice them for more time on the clock?
It was that his father's plan made it difficult to meet the enemy with their full force if necessary, which is a reasonable assessment to make if you don't know there's an Orc Lord and just assume the army is attempting to whittle down the enemy and hold out for reinforcements.
I saw the (FINAL) and remembered the tweet about no fisticuffs due to unforeseen circumstances, and had a sinking feeling of "oh god, did one of them die?" The end could have been worse. At least they're all still alive, not in jail, and there wasn't a huge scandal.
I saw the (FINAL) and remembered the tweet about no fisticuffs due to unforeseen circumstances, and had a sinking feeling of "oh god, did one of them die?" The end could have been worse. At least they're all still alive, not in jail, and there wasn't a huge scandal.
Bad blood between Matt and Pat or bad blood between Pat and Liam? Because I don't see anything about the former on his twitter, and as for the latter, that bad blood has always seemed to be a bit more on Liam's side than Pat's. Like we'll never know so maybe Liam's hate is completely justified and Pat's attempts to point people towards Liam's post-SBF work were just Pat keeping up appearances like Liam thinks. Who knows. All I know is Liam appears to me as the more hostile of the two from casual observation. I'm not trying to blame Liam, nor do I dislike his content.
I'd say more like joint military drills than anything else.
Well Liam has had the word "Pat" flagged as an instant removal in his chat for a while now, so he might just add more phrases if it gets too much. Chances are good Paige's stream will have Pat right there with her so I'm assuming he'd handle anything about the topic.
276 episodes and he only missed, what, one? That's downright incredible.
Parts for guns that may or may not be garbage, archgun mods that are useless outside of orb fights, and arcanes that are mostly bad but with a few exceptions. I don't include rep rewards because you can grind those without touching Orbs. Honestly, I prefer it this way. No good stuff locked behind a shitty boss fight means I don't have to suffer a shitty boss fight.
Even if they updated it to use the usual (read: not shit) bounty reward system, there still is basically nothing worth suffering through the slog of an orb fight for.
TJ Ramini has some crazy range. He voices Abaddon, Bristle, Sky, Timber, and Underlord. Post-processing aside, going from Timber to Sky is impressive.
I didn't know there was a Switch version coming and I just spent the past few days putting 60 hours into the Steam version. Now I'm wondering if I should just wait and not do any post-game stuff.
Fuck it, just give Gara an hour and then throw her at the Fomorian.
At this point it's probably easier, faster, and more enjoyable to farm plat to buy the Garuda bundle *just* for the sigil than to try to farm it off Orbs.
[Response to spoilers](/s "Look, nobody ever accused Subaru of being mentally stable.")
Best bet currently is an announcement at the end of the upcoming OVA. Failing that, potentially somewhere in Fall 2019/Winter 2020. Or, y'know, never. [](#nyanpasu)
&gt;The arrow will not be blocked by anything until it reaches the target. Okay yeah when abilities like that and "create anything you want from thin air" exist, I can see why a strong barrier was considered pretty damn weak by bloodline power standards.
It's entirely possible they partnered beforehand and this "saving" was a PR stunt. HH was never closing down, they just lied and said they were to prevent their userbase from throwing a shitfit as they transition to a paid model.
Haru could use some major work. It's staggering how little she appears before she becomes plot-relevant when you compare her to the other party members: * Ann, Ryuji, and Morgana are there from the very beginning. * Yusuke doesn't appear until his chapter, but that makes sense as he's from a different school and his chapter is early so his introduction to the overall story happens fast. * Makoto is all around the school from the beginning and plays a crucial role in the background. * Futaba doesn't make a physical appearance herself but her presence is felt through Sojiro. Meanwhile Haru doesn't become plot-relevant until well past the halfway point in the game, but her *only* appearance before then (as far as I'm aware) is in a cutscene after the third palace. And unlike Yusuke, she's a student at your school and in the same year as Makoto. Admittedly Makoto is the class president and has more of a reason to appear often, but Haru doesn't show up at all. Haru is even supposed to have a garden on the rooftop (which is where you make your temporary base) but you never meet her up there.
There's just something adorable about Sabnock pulling off a powerful demon king act and then immediately letting his sister climb all over him like a jungle gym. I have to wonder what their eldest brother is like.
Yoshi is hands-down the most hectic character of everyone I've tried putting work into. Just something about the attacks and the air speed and the amount of control you have just makes him feel like you're flying around constantly throwing shit out with reckless abandon, even when you're being methodical.
They're using a bit of suspension of disbelief. Canonically, the quints all have the same voice and hair color, but they're not presented as such for aesthetic and logistic reasons. Five girls with the same hair color doesn't make for a good composition when they're standing next to each other and it also makes it harder for the viewers to distinguish them, while it would be rather difficult for one person to voice five characters. You're just supposed to pretend they're identical because the show tells you they're identical, even though they're clearly not and anyone should be able to tell them apart in an instant.
Manga are black and white. Anime is color. Color composition tends to matter a *teensy* bit more when color actually fucking exists.
As cute as Miku is, I think my favorite part about the whole chapter is that Itsuki somehow failed to realize Miku loves Fuutarou when even Yotsuba was able to pick up on it months ago. Fuutarou definitely takes the cake for lack of romantic awareness, but Itsuki isn't too far behind. The big mystery is solved and Fuutarou has taken the first step towards being able to identify the girls based on their more subtle mannerisms. Now all that's left to do is see what Fuutarou overheard from the conversation between their father and grandfather, as well as see what happened in the aftermath of Nino getting caught. She was only in one panel this chapter and we were only able to see the back of her head, so we have no idea what happened or how she's feeling. Looking forward to next chapter, and Ichika's inevitable counterattack on Nino. One final note: I kind of hope Fuutarou identifying Nino by her pedicure means something more. Mainly because it'd be fucking hilarious to see the girls struggling to figure out Fuutarou's tastes and interests, and then they're struck by the slow, creeping realization that he's got a foot fetish.
I assumed it was because he noticed when Nino came to him in the bath, which is why the panel where Miku asks how he knows is over an image of the baths.
I thought the playerbase was demanding content that is actually engaging, as opposed to boss fights that are 95% sitting on your ass waiting for the invulnerability phase to go away or focus farming that is mindless grinding in set rooms. Stuff like parkour, or enemies that have more mechanics than "I'm immune to warframe abilities." I personally just want endgame content that lets me use my favorite frames and weapons; I have **31** different frames and only 4 of them have any fucking purpose in an Eidolon fight.
It's very good. In terms of harem romcoms, it's more like Oregairu than Nisekoi - it's story-driven with a consistent plot throughline and little to no filler. It's one of /r/manga's darlings so it gets a lot of praise around here.
&gt; more like Oregairu than Nisekoi
It's times like these that remind you a basic barrier spell could be applied as one of the most powerful and efficient forms of offensive magic. Why bother trying to kill an enemy with fireballs or icicles or anything when you could just bisect them with a wall of light? And even if you can't spontaneously generate a barrier through their entire body, you could put one somewhere inside their body that would restrict blood/air flow. One tiny barrier in the heart or brain and suddenly that giant demon you're fighting gets a heart attack or stroke.
I miss him just screaming "RAAAAAAA" half of the time he Up-Bs.
Man, I want to learn Ice Climbers, but I tried for half an hour to get a proper desync to even happen with no luck, so I think that ship has sailed before it ever reached the port.
Not gonna lie, this is half the reason I became interested in Fate. ^(The other half is Prisma Illya.)
[I think I could find a use or two for this panel.](https://i.imgur.com/7g1oodh.png) I'm glad that misunderstanding was cleared up, it was starting to get a bit irritating. Things are still as complicated as ever and there is no clean way out of this, but at least everyone important knows the situation.
I really tried getting into CB but in the end it was just way too much upkeep for too small a benefit in my opinion. Yeah, it only takes 30-40 seconds, but by the time you're done charging everything up, you have to start considering starting all over again. I was never actually able to focus on fighting the damn monster and the huge, earth-shattering benefit I got out of performing all this maintenance was damage comparable to pressing R and mashing X with my DBs or doing a charge slash with my GS.
That's why I liked MLGS in Dark Souls 2. Technically it's a NG+ only weapon, but you can target Freja as your very first great soul, burn an ascetic to fight her again, get the Old Paledrake Soul, and go through a good ~60% of the game rocking the MLGS. And because of the way weapon infusion works in DS2, making it Magic/Enchanted means its swings literally do more damage than Crystal Soul Spears. I picked it up for a sorcerer playthrough and the run ended up going from "caster with a sword for dicey situations" to "I've got a big sword and maybe some spells sometimes."
On the bright side, [someone made a mod for P3 FES that lets you control your party members.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rS_YQ7wPhvY) So if you're looking to play P3, that's probably your best bet.
I hope Wario's bike has [Kiryu insurance.](http://www.awkwardzombie.com/index.php?page=0&amp;comic=070218)
It's not so much mistakes that he specifically could have prepared for, and more mistakes that a more level-headed person would not have made. It's been a while since I've seen Re:Zero but I do recall him doing things like intentionally antagonizing street thugs, introducing himself in bizarre ways that make him seem even more suspicious, and generally trying to do things well beyond his capabilities without even asking proper questions. And that's without getting into how a fairly significant portion of the story is centered around Subaru being too stupid/arrogant/crazy for his own good. Granted Subaru is the poster boy for trauma and that's not going to have a positive effect on anyone's psyche, but he was kind of fucking up from minute one. Fantasy or not, you don't stick around in the back alleys of a city.
I'm honestly surprised Rokudou no Onna-tachi hasn't been adapted yet. On the surface, it seems like a fairly standard shounen harem romcom series. The protagonist, Rokudou, is a wimp who gets a magical mark on his forehead that makes him irresistible to delinquent girls, which coincidentally draws the ire of all of the delinquent boys. But where this series shines is in the emphasis placed on the male cast, which is rare for what most would consider a harem series. There's a pervasive feeling of "[FUCK YEAH](https://i.imgur.com/6gBoiWp.png), [FRIENDSHIP](https://i.imgur.com/ffpxIUA.png) AND [BROS](https://i.imgur.com/XmolUsJ.jpg)" that makes it feel so wholesome compared to what it could have been. If I had to compare it to anything, I'd honestly pick Katekyo Hitman Reborn. They're similar in that both protagonists are wimps who are forced into increasingly dangerous situations by circumstance, and the onus is on the protagonist to step up to the plate, but also be aware that they're not alone. The manga also has [adorable](https://i.imgur.com/XzvDH1d.jpg) (and [badass](https://i.imgur.com/nkVtCJ8.png)) [girls](https://i.imgur.com/YQjHYUl.png) and moments that are [exceedingly](https://i.imgur.com/HYNLB7u.png) [funny](https://i.imgur.com/GCfn5Td.png).
I mean her natural hair color is red so...
[Pixiv Source](https://www.pixiv.net/member_illust.php?mode=medium&amp;illust_id=75005749)
Rem and Ram were charged with protecting Emilia by Roswaal, whereas they were effectively instructed to investigate Subaru. These are completely different scenarios. Subaru acted too suspiciously and Rem and Ram decided it was too risky to let him live. And I'd say a literal smell of evil magic is a stronger denotation of someone suspicious than merely looking like the witch.
I've read this doujin...
No, the trachea goes to the lungs. The esophagus goes to the stomach. Food follows the path of Mouth -&gt; Esophagus -&gt; Stomach -&gt; Small Intestines -&gt; Large Intestines -&gt; Rectum.
[TFW you spent $40 on loot boxes to get a rainbow plasma shuriken in an MMO you don't even play anymore.](https://i.imgur.com/RSJaRcC.gif) Ah well. [At least I looked good when I did.](https://i.imgur.com/Oz0ivwv.png)
Although speaking of Three Houses, I love how when Nintendo did their direct on it and it was revealed you were the teacher, the general consensus was a bunch of collar-pulling about the possibility that you can romance your students.
[I refuse.](https://i.imgur.com/4vz0ESP.png)
It's not my fault Pat's wrong about Log Horizon.
Yeah I have noticed that, with the exception of Emiya (who I think is a guaranteed pull on your first roll), I haven't gotten a single servant above 3 stars in the 2 weeks I've been playing. Not that I'm expecting to get anything particularly good fast, but I feel like I should have gotten at least *one* by now. And people talk about the story being the main draw but I honestly have been skipping the story from the beginning because I didn't quite realize it's a VN with a phone game attached to it, and not a phone game with a VN attached to it. I was told it starts getting good around Camelot so I'm probably going to go back and watch all of the cutscenes I skipped once I get there.
Can someone give me a rundown of how events generally work? I've only been playing for about two weeks so Onigashima will be the first event I can participate in. I was told that events are by far the best way to get ascension mats and I've seen things like the event shop, but I don't *really* know how it all works. I'm just trying to be prepared so I don't waste time/AP and get the most out of the event. And I am fully aware that, as a relatively new player, I'm just going to be relying on supports for the entire thing. Lord knows my team of level 40s isn't going to do much.
Thank you for the very detailed explanation! So clear it, get the Kintokis + ascension mats + CEs from the shop, and then I'm free to buy whatever I want. I'm going to need a lot of materials going forward so clearing the shop is probably in my best interest. I assume since you mentioned clearing the shop that it's fairly easy to do that if you just grind it out? &gt;Temporary servants work just like normal ones except that you can't grail them and you can't put them in support setup. So you can start leveling temporary servants before they become permanent? If you do that, do the levels carry over when you get the permanent one?
Because Pat gets power from making people upset, especially if he's making them upset over remarkably trivial things.
Does putting a cutout of Zero Two's hair on one of the 37 standard meme templates *really* count as OC?
Ultimate being above Melee is sure to gather salt from Melee fanboys.
Arcana is his old sword and he starts the game as Wraith King, but swaps to and from Skeleton King every time he reincarnates.
I tried that several times but the best I was ever able to do was ~2m damage.
Thank you!
Not in a proper Best Girl contest. She's gotten farther in Best Character and the 24-hour Best Girl contests.
Nothing will ever top Megumi Tadokoro from Shokugeki no Soma making it all the way to finals.
[Another rendition of the same idea.](https://i.imgur.com/6ihxHqt.png) Source: JL8 webcomic
[Already happened.](https://www.reddit.com/r/anime/comments/68bohr/and_the_best_of_the_best_contest_winner_is/?st=jwmpmpgb&amp;sh=36e5aa0f)
&gt;How much of the shop have you bought? Just two Sumos, but I have the stuff to get two Riders when I unlock him permanently. &gt;Any CE drops so far? ~~Just the 3-stars.~~ Nevermind I'm stupid, you mean from fights. Nada. &gt;What is your raid team composition? Newer player here so my raid team composition is "anyone who can help my friend's maxed out +300% Raikou not get hit." Fuuma Kotarou and Mash because they can give her Evade/Invincible, Euralye and Alexander to charm the oni, and Kintoki Rider because I ain't got anyone else that can protect her and he can do decent damage.
&gt; EDIT: Rex is a dope, but door works too. It's really hard to hate Rex because of how earnest and happy-go-lucky he is. Every time he quotes the Salvager's Code like a boy scout, you roll your eyes but you also smirk.
I literally never did any grinding at all and was significantly overleveled by the end of the game. Are you sure you're in the right area?
I never had a problem with the gacha system in the game proper because rare blades come pretty easily. I had a full team of rare blades on each character, enough to cover each element, by chapter 5. Plus the game is so easy you don't *need* rare blades for anything apart from endgame superbosses. The gacha only becomes problematic when you're 150 hours in and trying to get the very last rare blade you have yet to unlock. As far as I can tell, the gacha system only really exists to force you to vary up your team composition early on and not have everyone do the same thing for 60 hours.
I don't remember where but I remember an interview with some old Rare devs who worked on Banjo Kazooie and Tooie and they argued that part of the reason Tooie wasn't as good was because the worlds were simply too large. The idea was that they became more accustomed to the N64 after Kazooie and were able to squeeze a lot more out of the console, which meant they were able to make the worlds bigger in Tooie. But they never really stopped to consider that they wouldn't be able to pack the larger worlds with enough content to make them feel as dense as the original game. The end result is that Tooie has levels like Terrydactyland, which are HUGE but everything is also more spread out. Click Clock Wood from Kazooie is easily the game's largest level, but it's smaller than it first appears because the giant tree is linear, so it's effectively a fairly large ring around one staircase. Then that's palette-swapped for each season. Most of the levels in Tooie are larger but with a lot more running about.
I've been stuck in a loop of 4 expert raids &gt; 2 oni forests &gt; level up &gt; repeat for the past 10 levels. I'm only just starting to outpace the AP I'm getting from the level-ups, but it's really starting to burn me out. On the bright side, I'm already at 113.5m DP, which is farther than I thought I'd be at this point.
Been playing for about 2 1/2 weeks so far, and I just pulled my first servant above 3★, not counting the guaranteed one you get off the tutorial. That servant? Emiya archer... *which I already had from the tutorial.* Like I get that I should be happy I got a rare servant at all but it feels like a bit of a sick joke for my first proper rare servant pull to be a dupe of the one guy I already had.
As Grand Blue taught me, the best of bros have each other's backs in the most dire circumstances, but will not hesitate to throw one another under the bus.
Gabe actually still does Let's Plays with his friend Aaron. Their channel is [KeepetClassy](https://www.youtube.com/user/KeepetClassy) It's not quite the same dynamic as him and Yahtzee but they're very funny. Probably a bit closer to Aussie Best Friends than you might expect. [Here's a tidbit of their shenanigans.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tGQeBVyv5hs)
It's not a very large channel but they make ~$1.8k/month from Patreon and Aaron has an irreparable spinal problem that makes it impossible for him to do conventional work, so he basically uses the channel to supplement his disability income.
Order is absolutely stacked with the most popular characters from the Splatoon universe. It will undoubtedly be more popular. Which, if the history of Splatfests is anything to go by, means it's doomed to lose.
Looking at the past Splatfests, it's actually better than I thought. The most popular team has only won 10/25 Splatfests overall in Splatoon 2, but on the new system they've won 5/9. Either way I will definitely be out there fighting the good fight for Order. Fought for Marie in Splatoon 1, and I'll fight for her and Marina in Splatoon 2.
I think there are a few reasons. Putting Re: on the front of a word makes the word distinct and easily recognizable as a title. Re:Mind instead of just Mind, Re:Zero instead of just Zero, etc. You see it and you instantly know what they're talking about. Additionally, if used within the original context of "regarding," it can be used to create a more thought-provoking title. Re:Creators is an anime about fictional characters coming into reality, and the phrase "regarding creators" implies there's probably going to be a lot of them interacting with the people who created them and thinking about their role compared to their creator. Another aspect of it is the wordplay, as we see in this title with Re:Mind vs. Remind. The importance of memories comes up in Kingdom Hearts a lot so the title can be seen as both "Regarding the mind" and "the act of reminding/remembering." But honestly what it probably boils down to most is the Japanese just love taking foreign words that don't really have a relation to the topic, but sound cool, and inserting them into phrases or making shit up with them. Example: the title of one of the most famous anime ever, Neon Genesis Evangelion, is complete gibberish - Neon was thrown in because it sounds like Neo which means New, Evangelion was made up to sound like Evangelize, and the creator admitted he chose the word Genesis because biblical shit just sounds cool to him. The word "buster" has become the defacto word you throw into an attack name to make it sound cool. Sometimes there's no rhyme or reason and they chose to put the word Re: there because it looked cool.
Timber wasn't really unkillable. Not any more unkillable than more conventional offlaners, anyway. He still had to approach the creep wave to get stacks up and he was incredibly vulnerable to aggression pre-5. Plus roots were buffed to stop his chain so really all you needed was a single support with a stun/root and one magic nuke and he'd be unable to get close. PMS just made it so you couldn't force him back with autoattacks alone and actually had to spend mana. PMS's removal meant his days of being a solo offlaner were done. Come to think of it, Timber's got a bad habit of getting caught in the crossfire of nerfs to items/mechanics that are targeted at popular heroes when he hasn't been popular since like TI3. Storm and Lesh are popular, Bloodstone gets nerfed, Timber is sad. Roots suck and other heroes with mobility are popular, roots get buffed, Timber is sad. Some carries and offlaners are too durable because of PMS, PMS is removed, Timber fucking cries.
When used with a colon, as in an email, it's shorthand for regarding/about/in reference to. By itself it's just a prefix that means again.
Well regardless of where it originated, it now means regarding, as per several dictionaries I've looked up. Also "in the matter of" and "regarding" mean the same damn thing.
Y'know what, fuck it. [](#meguminthumbsup) Nice job. &gt;If you have any questions about this project, please ask. Could you do Megumin's?
I CAN SEE WITH MY OWN EYES THAT THE VIDEO ON THAT SCREEN DOESN'T MATCH THE STICK MOVEMENTS! "No noticeable latency" my ass. Either there's a big delay or that's a straight-up lie and they're just playing a video.
As decreed by the ancient Holo-Megumin treaty of last year, until the moment Holo is facing off against the explosion loli herself, I will stand by her no matter the opponent!
Let's not forget that Riot's only doing this because they're already successful. Back when League first launched, they did the opposite: they actively removed all references to DotA from their website, and Pendragon (dev from DotA who split to form Riot with some others) went so far as to take down the DotA All-Stars forum and replace it with an ad for League because he managed the site before he split and retained control afterward. Which is still a huge dick move to this day because the internet was different back then and that forum was really the only place dota was discussed at-large on the internet, so removing it was akin to snapping your fingers and deleting 95% of all dota-related content from the internet. It took 3 years for the archives to be released, so everyone had to start from scratch with a new forum. Good on them for being honest about their game now but I'm not going to forget them actively and maliciously attacking DotA.
And they came up with MOBA explicitly because they wanted to distance themselves from DotA.
&gt;I want to take a picture. &gt;I'll keep it in my memory. I fucking love it when Subaru and Ram are on the same page.
You also have some games like Yooka-Laylee which, while not amazing, still more-or-less fulfilled what they promised. I don't regret backing it at all even though the game wasn't anything better than a 7/10.
&gt;Will you focus in farming for extra Sumo copies? Maybe, but for now I'm just going to be trying to clear the shop, which means farming a lot of currency. &gt;How much of the shop have you cleared? Got the CEs, blazes, reverse scales, claws, homunculi, and eternal gears. I also have enough to get all of the riders. &gt;Who's getting the Lore? I don't even know what it's used for because I started playing three weeks ago, so fuck if I know.
According to [this](https://i.imgur.com/9SfrB6c.png), Tea House is good.
Unless they choose to change how the story unfolds, they can't make any major changes. And if they DO change the story then fans are probably going to be upset. Assuming they keep the overarching plot the same, anything additional is going to be inconsequential/supplementary to the overarching plot and will likely be expanded side content. My point is we already know the plot of FF7. You know what happens, you know who dies, there aren't any twists or surprises to reveal. The order of locations you visit is probably going to be the same, with some added places in between. And since the story is *kinda* important to an RPG, that matters. It is technically superior but will narratively be roughly the same in the long run.
The team that would be making FF16 is probably on FF7. You won't be getting anything on FF16 until FF7 is finished.
Nobody else at Riot ever made any effort to undo or apologize for what Pendragon did. And it's not like they didn't know about it or not benefit from it. But fine, let's say I forgive them for that now that Pendragon's gone. There's still the issue of the company being run by sexually harassing manchildren. And that time Riot's president revealed Icefrog's real life name on the League subreddit because he was throwing a hissy fit. And a whole other laundry list of scummy things the company and their representatives have done. I can live in the present just fine. They're just as shitty now as they were back then. Because they haven't changed - they just have more money. Riot facilitated the destruction of the online hub of their competitor's fanbase when the company was FOUNDED. The roots run deep.
Y'know, if Yotsuba actually succeeded and her grades improved, she'd basically be the way Maruo is and the way Fuutarou was in chapter 1. Ruthless, driven by results, staking her entire identity on tests. Not that her current self-sacrificing persona is the greatest thing, but I think it's healthier than the way she was and the way she could have been. What we saw this chapter recontextualizes a lot of what was said in chapter 56, most notably [the final page.](https://i.imgur.com/ANP88fB.png) It wasn't just their previous school - Yotsuba has been struggling more or less since the moment she met Fuutarou. She was desperately trying to pull ahead of her own sisters for four years, only to crash up against her own limits and reality. When it came to the one thing she excelled at, athletics, she leaned so far into it because it made her feel good that she failed out of her school. Her sisters sacrificed themselves for her and the rest is history. So when she studied her ass off, passed her exam, and taught her sisters in the way that only she could, that's the culmination of half a decade of frustration finally being released. Frustration with being unable to set herself apart from her sisters and frustration from her inability to succeed at what she puts her mind to. For the first time since the death of their mother, Yotsuba was vindicated. I get the feeling we'll have one more flashback chapter, showing off her perspective at meeting Fuutarou after five years, realiizng he kept the promise but doesn't recognize her, and then maybe a few flashes of previous events like him asking if any of the quints had met him five years ago.
So what you're saying is Pat is the reason Shining Force is dead?
Pat flat-out forgot Astral Chain was being developed by Platinum, and when Platinum's logo appeared at the end, he thought it was for the next game they were showing. Then the logos for the next game's developers appear and Pat is visibly and audibly confused.
The champions in Breath of the Wild made me pine for a Zelda game where you play as Link and have an actual party that participates in the story and combat. Like imagine a Zelda game similar in premise to the backstory of Breath of the Wild where you know Ganon is on the verge of reincarnation but the previous sealing was able to separate him from the triforce of power. So Link and Zelda are sent out to gather the pieces of the triforce, assemble a team of champions, find someone to wield the triforce of power, and attempt to confront Ganon before he can return.
"My wall is also a perfect circle!" "But why aren't your roads a perfect circle if you can make the wall a perfect circle?" "..."
That's all well and good but they're going to have the data centers in places to support that international audience. Doesn't matter how good your internet is if you're trying to stream to and from a server across the ocean. I get the distinct feeling this service is going to be hamstrung by logistics in every region. Many nations can't support it due to internet speed/data caps. The ones that can are going to need to have simultaneous deployment of infrastructure so the major cities can all have relatively fast connections. They also have to gain consumer trust that Stadia isn't just going to be abandoned by 2021, which would make you unable to play any game you purchased on the platform. Bear in mind Google has a history of creating new products/services and discarding them within a year. It's a hard sell and I remain unconvinced.
&gt;Rem and Shera as well I'll fuckin' take it.
I dunno. Does it have a pleasing southern accent?
The very first one is [Rem](https://i.imgur.com/2NSK2Nx.png) from [How Not to Summon a Demon Lord.](https://myanimelist.net/anime/37210/Isekai_Maou_to_Shoukan_Shoujo_no_Dorei_Majutsu) A great girl from a great (if trashy) show.
I wouldn't call it a weird habit. Some stuff, like triple battles, are experiments they probably deemed failures and chose to discard. If the old mechanics just carried over forever, we'd run into systemic bloat VERY quickly. Having Megas and Z-moves in the same game was already pushing it. Adding Dynamaxing (and the supposedly leaked Gigamaxing) into the mix would just be absurd from both a gameplay and balance perspective. People say they don't balance Pokemon, but that's just not true. They do have a laissez-faire attitude about balance for the most part, but it factors into their decisions. A few examples: * Psychic types were incredibly oppressive in Gen 1. Dark was added in gen 2 specifically to counter them. * Similarly, Fairy was added in Gen 6 to counter the Dragons that were running rampant and couldn't be countered by anything short of a bulky Steel type. * Steel lost its Dark and Ghost resistances in Gen 6 because it was too good as a defensive type and was pushing out other walls. * Pokemon occasionally get access to moves they didn't have in the prior generation in an attempt to give them a new lease on life, like Flareon getting Flare Blitz. * Moves that are under or overused get buffed and nerfed. The trio of Flamethrower, Ice Beam, and Thunderbolt all lost 5 base power in Gen 6. Knock Off gained 45 base power plus an extra 50% damage if it removes an item, which brought it from near-useless to one of the best competitive moves. A lot of these changes actually started happening in Gen 6, because that's when Gamefreak started throwing bones to the competitive side of the game. They added ways to make it easier catch and breed pokemon with perfect IVs, they added Super Training that let the casual player EV train their pokemon without needing to look up how to do it, etc.
I've thought about the logistics side of sapient pokemon before and it gets very muddled very quickly - long before you get to anything perverse. Let's take Team Rocket's Meowth as an example. That is a pokemon that, for all intents and purposes, is an adult man in the body of a Meowth. If you could not see him, you would have no way of knowing you're not talking to a person. You could probably make an argument that Meowth should have the same rights as a human. Meowth would be able to defend himself in court if necessary. Does that mean that treating him as a pokemon instead of a human is discrimination? Moreover, Meowth is a special case and most Meowths are about on-par with a house cat. But can all pokemon learn to talk as Meowth did? What about pokemon like Gardevoir that are capable of fully understanding and communicating with you as a species, but just can't speak human language? They can communicate telepathically, they just can't make words with their mouths. Does that make them inferior? Throwing pokemon out the window for a moment, how would you regard an alien race that is not even humanoid but is clearly sapient and organized? Because a lot of pokemon could fall into that same category of non-humanoid sapient creatures. You'd basically have to go case-by-case and devise a test that would allow a pokemon to prove they're sapient and fully cognizant. Individual pokemon that can pass this test become citizens, and some species like Gardevoir may be able to pass as a whole. At which point you have to confer to them the rights that come with being the citizen of a nation. We already know they employ pokemon insofar as their trainers use them for work, so many pokemon are clearly capable of being functioning members of society. And only THEN do we come to the more perverse matters: if a Machoke has a steady and well-paying job as a construction worker, has learned to speak english, is knowledgeable about human customs, is capable of giving consent, and there is no biological problem that would result in damage... how morally wrong is it to fuck it? ^^^This ^^^is ^^^the ^^^shit ^^^I ^^^waste ^^^my ^^^time ^^^thinking ^^^about.
Yes, and the vast majority of people didn't give a shit about the Avengers before the movies. As far as they're concerned, the Avengers are a movie property. People want to see the Avengers they've known for 22 movies. Hell, this game wouldn't exist if the movies weren't incredibly popular. People don't care where the characters came from. The general public recognizes Iron Man as Robert Downey Jr's portrayal and the character will forever be shaped by that.
From my comment two weeks ago: &gt;I can't help but feel a feint would throw them for a loop. **AND HOW!**
Yes hello I made that thing.
###[MEGUMIN ISN'T IN THE SAME BRACKET AS HOLO THIS YEAR!](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cYpz3abAk98&amp;t=9s) [COULD IT BE!?](#megubeer) [A HOPE](#wow) [A CHANCE](#squee) \#1 seed, Konosuba movie on the horizon, she has a boost from Isekai Quartet, and the barrier we've crashed against for the last two years is either delayed to finals or removed entirely. [***THIS IS OUR YEAR, BROTHERS!***](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0RXomI65nek) --- [My 5x5, now edited for the fallen.](https://i.imgur.com/BQ0Cq8G.png) Fun fact: the highest-placing new girl is Violet Evergarden at #15, followed by Zero Two at #29. And to think that if Darling in the FranXX didn't crash and burn, Zero Two would probably be in the top 5, if not #1 seed. Edit: Wait, did LLENN get culled for the 5-character limit even though she's from an SAO spinoff and not SAO? Do spinoffs count for the limit or not?
https://www.reddit.com/r/anime/comments/738twk/spoilers_my_gamers_relationship_charts_from/?st=jwy36te5&amp;sh=60370bf7
[](#fistbump)
Don't worry, I'm looking forward to sorting by controversial and seeing a bunch of Megumin support posts that have been downvoted by the hate brigade. The more things change, the more they stay the same.
Legal or not, she's already gotten more action than Re:Zero Rem ever will.
&gt;leveling up skills in The Elder Scrolls games is obnoxious for similar reasons I know it won't happen but I hope ES6 adopts a more Fallout-style leveling system, or just copies what the Oblivion XP mod did. Oblivion XP was a leveling overhaul mod for Oblivion that replaced the leveling with a more traditional system. It gave you an XP bar, made most of the stuff in the game give XP (killing, persuading, fencing, picking locks, pickpocketing, etc.) and the bar would fill. When it maxed out, you could sleep and level up. You'd have 13 points to allocate to your base stats and 50 points to allocate to skills per level with certain limitations: * You could only level a specific stat/skill 5 times per level, so you couldn't just dump all 15 points into Strength. * Your character level had to be above a certain point to reach 50/75/100 in skills. * Stats only ever took 1 point to level up, but skills took 2-7 points based on what you'd chosen as your preferred stats/skills when you made your class as well as how high the skill already was. The end result was you were able to pivot what you wanted to do relatively easily. Skills you weren't specialized in would level slower, but they'd still be fast-enough that you could get them to a decent threshold relatively painlessly. Of course, the system wasn't flawless. Persuading, pickpocketing, and fencing were the fastest ways to get XP *by far* and persuading didn't care whether you actually played the minigame, so you could min/max it by just bribing and stealing from every single NPC you encountered. Successfully sneak-killing an enemy also doubled XP gains, which meant it only fed into the Bethesda game problem of stealth being the most efficient combat. Still, if the choice is between that system and the original, I'll take the one that lets me level acrobatics without breaking my spacebar.
The only reason I dislike natures is because of situations where you're trying to catch a legendary with a decent nature and you have to keep reloading until you get the one you want. It makes me wish there was some sort behavioral coach NPC that you could pay to swap your pokemon's nature. Even if you had to pay with a somewhat rare item like how move tutors work, it'd be better than being stuck with a bad nature because you didn't want to savescum.
Okay, I've been wondering this for a while: *what the* ***fuck*** *is SCP?* I tried googling it and was met with bullshit I don't understand, and I've been seeing it pop up more and more around Reddit. Is it like Homestuck?
Please no. I don't want to lose to Holo three years running. That's how a villain is born.
Jesus that's... that is not very good.
&gt; last season even had interesting characters Yeah, like Eugeo, and Eugeo, and... Alice? Nah that's not right... Eugeo?
Tinker is absolutely dead if you just make Rearm not refresh Blink's damage CD. Imagine if Tinker had to actually waddle away or fight after being hit and he couldn't just rearm and blink.
She's 28 though, so Petite Cake?
She's 148.8kg (328lbs) and can swing you around like a sack of potatoes, so it'd be more than just your dick getting crushed. *Still worth it.*
Something has always rubbed me the wrong way about how Masumi acts, and I think this chapter nailed exactly what it was. She's pretty moody all the time, which is fair given the problems she's trying to deal with, but I can't recall any effort she has ever made towards fixing those problems. I'm not trying to downplay the issues she has to face but it seems like she gave up trying to do anything about it a long time ago and just started cultivating spite and lashing out at anyone who tries to dig deeper. Shingo has felt like the author's mouthpiece for a while now, but I can forgive that. He has the unenviable task of trying to hold this cavalcade of awkward teenagers together. I just wonder if we'll ever see anything about some problems he may or may not be facing - he seems wise beyond his years but I get the feeling something is bubbling beneath the surface. It's a clusterfuck all around but it's not the end for any of them.
Schrödinger's Yotsuba: she is both out of the bowl and the winner until the final chapter comes out.
The bangs are Itsuki's not Yotsuba's. Yotsuba's bangs have always been drawn very sharply, while those curve in more.
I like Yotsuba a lot but I really don't want her to get a pity win at this late stage. I have to wonder where Negi is going with this. Well Yotsuba's been suffering this entire time and as people rightly anticipated, she lied about lying back when she confessed to Fuutarou ages ago. I was surprised she was the one who got Itsuki to do the whole Rena thing, but it makes sense. Whether she wins or not, Yotsuba needs to be set free.
&gt; Nino, in chap 65 page 9, tried to kiss him disguised as Itsuki, but she stopped herself because "since [she looks] like Itsuki, it might not be effective." The bell kisser is still disguised as Itsuki. However, after she gets caught by their father, she says she can't afford to care about appearances anymore. That may have pushed her to take the opportunity when it presented itself. She also expressed to Ichika that she was afraid of whether a bad kiss would make someone dislike you, and the kisser knocked Fuutarou down by accident, which would give Nino a reason to not bring it up. Once you eliminate the impossible, whatever remains, no matter how improbable, must be the truth. I declare it was Nino, under the bell, with the Itsuki wig!
[Such a banger, it can even work when mashed up with a chain gang song.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=f9Sk_Dyjgao)
In terms of moral alignment, isn't Cocytus fairly good compared to the rest of the Overlord cast?
That CK definitely listens to vaporwave.
I mean with Darling in the Franxx, I can see a few people seeing it and voting for whoever it's against because of all the bridges it burned.
I can understand why some thought it wouldn't have been included but I never doubted it would be. I believe Nomura (or someone else high up on the team) said previously that they'd be keeping the weirder stuff that nobody brings up/remembers. And for whatever cultural reason, anything to do with crossdressing seems like a much smaller deal over in Japan, and I didn't expect them to compromise and kowtow to western sensibilities on the remake of their most beloved game of all time.
And Squenix, being a Japanese dev, will continue not giving a fuck. As is tradition.
I thought the main reason Iron Talon got removed wasn't because it was bought on everyone but because basically any offlaner could just say "fuck this, I'm gonna jungle" if they had a bad lane.
I bought the 100 level BP the day it came out and I'm currently around 146. Unless Mo'rokai has some crazy ways to get levels, I'm probably barely gonna reach 200. Anyone who didn't buy any levels will be hard-pressed to even get the terrain, it feels like.
&gt;Celestial Twin Augment: Replacing Iron Vault, Wukong will command his clone to perform a wide radius slam, suspending enemies. What is my purpose? You're a knock-off Rhino.
Well Cynthia is the best champion by far so even if you didn't watch Diamond and Pearl, if you've played Pokemon you probably recognize (and fear) her.
[Third-most upvoted post on /r/anime of all time.](https://www.reddit.com/r/anime/comments/7ra71j/so_i_wrote_a_research_paper_to_prove_whether_or/)
I mean [the two actual best "SAO" girls](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6a66Kr09nPw) didn't even get in because they're from SAO Alternative and the main series is more popular, so they got shafted by the 5-girl limit.
She gets bullied because she's the only normal person from a village of chuunis.
&gt;Jugs for Milk or get out of my face. What about glass bottles like we're in a 50s sitcom? I can dig that.
&gt; Especially when it starts a flame war I remember last year when my prewritten smear campaign against Aqua in the finals sparked a *lot* of salt. I think that's the most controversial post I've ever made.
Second season is currently in production, but who knows if we'll get anything else after that.
[The first of my inner circle falls!](https://i.imgur.com/dWZ6HK9.png) I expected Diana to get further than Round *2*, but she didn't manage it. Today, I implore you to vote for [**Morgiana** - one of the most badass girls in all of anime.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dLrOPV2Z0uM) [She attacc,](https://i.imgur.com/wEYgUmx.gif) [She protecc,](https://i.imgur.com/of5gCBa.gif) But most importantly, [She cute as hecc.](https://i.imgur.com/UNMKvht.gif)
&gt;while Final Fantasy has had many titles that disappoint their fans and get panned by critics. Or stumbled into a game so beloved that, 22 years later, it is getting the single most lavish remake in media history to the joy of fans everywhere. There is obviously merit in being fast and loose with series traditions, as demonstrated by FF15 more than doubling DQ11's sales worldwide. But it comes with its own set of drawbacks. Final Fantasy as a series is able to hit higher highs, but also lower lows, because they do not hold the formula as sacred. Dragon Quest is incredibly consistent due to their reverence for the formula but it also means they don't innovate as much. DQ as a series is likely less expensive to make than any new FF game as a direct result of this, which means they can afford to focus on the playerbase they already have rather than attempt to garner a new playerbase. But not garnering a new playerbase means the game will continue to be fairly insular to those outside of Japan. Dragon Quest is made for one very specific market while Final Fantasy is made for a broader worldwide market. Overall I actually do prefer Dragon Quest's way of doing things. If it ain't broke, don't fix it. Hell, my favorite Final Fantasy game is FF3; when Bravely Default came out and it was basically FF3 with a new coat of paint, I was ecstatic. But the caveat to that is Final Fantasy has shaken things up so much that Bravely was the first new FF1-3 style game we'd gotten from Squenix over 20 years. That will never happen with Dragon Quest. We'll never get something like FF13 because of this, but we'll also never get FF7. To go back to that video you linked, the difference I feel between Doom and DQ is that modern military shooters have been the norm for so long that Doom felt fresh. Doom's gameplay style didn't exist in AAA games for a long time, and then Doom and Wolfenstein both came back. DQ has been doing the same thing for 30 years so no matter how much the genre changed around it, JRPG fans always had a DQ game they could play every few years that'd be the same as they remembered it. Both harken back to their roots, but they're received differently because of the different climates their genres have created in their absence. Bloodstained is another brand new example - it's basically just Symphony of the Night, but that's absolutely fantastic because SotN is great and the closest thing I've gotten to SotN in twenty fucking years is Portrait of Ruin over a decade ago. I'm not saying Dragon Quest as a series *should* change. I personally do want a bit more innovation than the series does because we're eleven entries in (just please no ATB system), but I can completely understand DQ fans not wanting that. But Dragon Quest sells less than some indie games over in the west, so it's no surprise that the west's reaction to the Luminary in Smash was, "Dragon Quest? *Really?*"
I was using the Stone Mask for a while since it was the only headgear I had that had +Luck, but I never encountered this. I just thought the mask itself was a reference, didn't think it had an ability. Another thing relevant to this sub's interests is [Early Bloodstained Boss Spoilers](#s "Zangetsu audibly says "Foolishness" when he readies his parry.") Not sure if that's a DMC reference but I took it was one.
Jesus fuck, that took me a second. Liam you glorious bastard. Does anyone have the source for this one?
[Another round, another two down.](https://i.imgur.com/RbVAJzI.png) But life marches on and we have no time to mourn the fallen. At least Aoba pulled it out with a small upset, but I worry for her next matchup against a Keion. Today is the stacked bracket, which means a lot of very easy votes. Thus, I throw my support behind Hifumi from New Game! [VOTE](#surprisedhifumi) [HIFUMI!](#adminsdidwhat) --- &gt;Who's your worst girl? I got downvoted to hell for this opinion last year, but Aqua is the antithesis of these contests and is undeniably worst girl. Yes, she is essential to Konosuba and is a hilariously silly character, but she is also explicitly designed to be shit. [**OPEN YOUR EYES**](#protest)
If their next live showing of the game was just one big chunk of the Honey Bee Inn sequence and nothing else, the team would earn my eternal trust.
What other sub would have people who put down fucking fractions of inches as heights?
**As always, vote Megumin.** [](#meguminthumbsup) [I didn't lose anyone today!](https://i.imgur.com/lkPD2Vu.png) Admittedly it's because none of my candidates in Bracket D were underdogs yesterday, but we take those here. A win's a win. And I have a feeling Nanachi is about to get crushed so I need my happiness where I can get it. --- &gt;Who was the most surprising winner of the last round? Aoi Miyamori. The difference in seeding wasn't large, but I did not expect her to take it against Riko. Which is good, because Riko is a little shit. &gt;Who was the most surprising loser of the last round? I honestly thought Ouzen was going to take it over Kaho but I guess I was wrong.
Plus she's way higher than she has any right to be because Alicization reminded people SAO exists. She was 228th last year, meaning she jumped 193 places despite having a *very* minor role in Alicization.
Except for, y'know, the times he's shoved his own children into those crosshairs. On purpose.
You act like they made the game out of the goodness of their hearts and not to make a profit.
Very unfair. Yooka-Laylee is a 6 at worst. I played Banjo-Kazooie in preparation for Yooka-Laylee. Yeah YL isn't as charming as BK and it didn't really evolve the formula, but mechanically it's solid.
If Skarmory isn't in S&amp;S and Corviknight doesn't have access to Spikes and Whirlwind, competitive pokemon is going to have a coronary. Since the dude was added in GSC, entire metas have lived and died on his ability to soak attacks, lay down hazards, and phase.
It really says a lot when your best girl is intentionally and explicitly written to be a garbage person with her only redeeming qualities being her appearance and the specific brand of charm that comes from her being the biggest idiot in the room.
I think it's primarily so she can keep an eye on him and learn more about him. Because as she attested this chapter, she doesn't know anything concrete about him beyond that he doesn't really have any aspirations. Plus she clearly doesn't know she's smitten. At this point we have ticking clocks on her realizing he's human and her realizing she loves him.
&gt;"Hey guys, it's what you've all been waiting for: a beach chapter!" [YEAAAAAAAHHHHHH!!](https://gfycat.com/uniformimpracticalbergerpicard) &gt;"No quints, though." Okay now you're just taking the piss. &gt;"It's got bro shenanigans and we'll have a pool chapter next." I never doubted Negi for a second.
The Kadokawa-only restriction really makes me sad, because I'd love to see Diablo from How Not to Summon a Demon Lord interacting with Ainz, as well as the confusion that ensues from having two girls named Rem. But that's Kodansha.
It doesn't, they function like his ult soldiers. They can't bash, but they can drain mana with Diffusal, slow with Echo Sabre, etc. One of the more valuable things it actually does is let you drop a slowing clone behind you every few seconds to discourage chasers. He may be referring to you using a basher to keep someone in place long-enough for a clone to spawn and start hitting them as well.
So it's just horribly unoptimized on everything that isn't PC? I've gone through the entire game and only had frame drops in one spot. Everything else was a rock solid 60.
I tried every weapon type except guns at various stages but I found whips, shoes, and swords/clubs to be the most effective by far. Rapiers and katanas were okay while spears, daggers, and greatswords just didn't do it for me. Of course, everything pales in comparison to [Bloodstained weapon spoilers](#s "Rhava Velar, this game's equivalent to Crissaegrim.") Didn't try guns because I already have magic for ranged attacks and consumable ammo made me recoil in disgust. What if I need my good ammo for later?
Exactly.
Taiga clinches it, and [I am SAFE for another round!](https://i.imgur.com/DXpMpDP.png) Today, I'm pulling for **Rikka** and **Aoba!** One's a bullied girl with magic eye, the other's a cute dev whose games you should buy! [](#banjo) [](#sleepingcutie) --- &gt;What's your favorite last episode in anime? Fullmetal Alchemist Brotherhood has a damn good final episode, if only because it makes a perfect circle and ties a nice little bow on the series as a whole.
Had circumstances been different I would have considered you a brother, but I cannot abide by anyone voting against [Aoba.](https://i.imgur.com/ctx7PvW.gif) [Have at you!](#sleepingcutie)
I have it but by the point I'd gotten it I had already beaten the game and was in the post-game try-to-get-all-items phase. Might run with it for NG+ though.
Blank sticks to the Nazarick gang like glue because Nazarick not having humans means Blank's social anxiety isn't triggered.
I kinda like it when we have Pokemon who look nothing like their pre-evolved forms. [Trapinch](https://i.imgur.com/hDvPA2o.png) &gt; [Vibrava](https://i.imgur.com/Xwyk3rE.png) &gt; [Flygon](https://i.imgur.com/VLD8PsF.png) will always be my favorite surprise I got when playing through RSE for the first time. They're based off the life cycle of antlions, which is why Trapinch looks like more like a snapping turtle than a bug-dragon. He's based off an antlion larva while the other two are based on the adult forms. Imagine my surprise when this motherfucker that looks like 2/3rds of a crab turned into one of my favorite pokemon.
Flygon and Milotic both getting passed up for megas in Gen 6 made me sad. In the lead-up to ORAS coming out, I dreamed of what could have been. Mega Flygon with Bug/Dragon typing, +20 Atk, +40 SpAtk, +40 Spd, and a Bug version of Pixilate. Imagine 168-base power STAB Boombursts firing off a 120 base SpAtk. That'd bypass Substitute *and* rip through damn near anything that doesn't resist it. Mega Milotic with Water/Fairy typing, +40 Def, +30 SpAtk, +30 SpDef, and Multiscale. Virtually nothing would be able to hurt this bastard because it'd have 95/119/155 defenses behind Multiscale and access to Recover + Refresh + Scald. But no, both of them got ignored in favor of pokemon like Salamence and Metagross that were already meta staples.
So a bit like [the famous Easter Eggs for Hitler photo](https://i.imgur.com/Gklcx7L.png) from WW2.
&gt;Please wait. Killing him is my job. Oh Ragna, you are the perfect straightman.
We already know from the previous games that they make multiple models with different faces rather than change the face texture on characters. Doesn't seem like a stretch to me.
On one hand, Berserk deserves a knockout adaptation and they'd be able to pull it off. On the other hand, I personally love it when Studio Wit puts out work that is just a bombastic explosion of color like [Rolling Girls](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=V82tAfD_N6A) or [the MV for We're Still Underground.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nBteO-bU78Y) Berserk is phenomenal, but I wouldn't exactly call it colorful.
He's worn FF14 shirts in interviews before, so it's still entirely possible he is.
So I got the Starter Edition for free through Twitch Prime and then Heavensward for free from their promotion, and I just preordered Shadowbringers to get access. I was told that all you needed to buy was the base game and the latest expansion and you'd get everything else, but my account still says I don't own Stormblood. Is it because the game isn't technically out yet, so I don't technically own it, and I'll be granted Stormblood when Shadowbringers properly comes out on Tuesday? Or did I screw something up and I have to buy Stormblood as well?
Hilariously, if Netflix's release of NGE didn't cause the controversy it did, Misato might have lost. The stink some people raised over the redubbing, lack of Fly Me to the Moon, and changed subs probably got more people to take a look at the show than otherwise would have. Most of the recent talk was more about that than it was about the show being re-released, after all. And all it took was 90 people changing their vote to get Misato to win.
[It's also not like there's an entire website dedicated to keeping track of all of the services and devices Google has taken the axe to.](https://killedbygoogle.com/)
For me, it was Dota. *16% bash chance, my ass.*
If I remember correctly from the LN, Arc used teleportation while fighting Wiliasfim and Wiliasfim remarked that it was the same magic Hanzo used, implying (along with the Torii gate) that Hanzo was another player. I wonder why they cut that.
As someone who watched all of Oregairu s2 yesterday, she has won my vote. GANBARE IROHASU!
That's the same logic that made people go "Timber doesn't autoattack, Timber disarms himself!" and ignore his old +100 damage talent despite the fact that it was far better than the +5 Reactive stacks option. Sometimes talents serve different purposes and both are viable. Not every talent is [Storm's level 25 talent.](https://i.imgur.com/NRFEKzR.png)
I can't blame him for being skeptical. At 49 minutes, Roshan has 11,635 hp. Rosh has 55% magic resistance but was reduced by Veil down to 43.75%, meaning talented Spark Wraiths do 371.25 damage. It took roughly 32 Spark Wraiths to instantly kill Rosh in this clip. Without the Veil, it would have taken 40 wraiths. Assuming Rosh is veiled and you have the talent, it takes roughly 16.162 + 0.310x (rounded up) Spark Wraiths to kill Roshan, where x is the number of minutes that have passed. Arc with the 2s CD and 8% CDR talents can put down a maximum of 43 wraiths (25 by himself, 12 from first double, 6 from second double) before they start despawning, but 40-42 is more practical. The problem is Rosh has a variable respawn timer, meaning you can only predict if he's going to respawn if you know he hasn't rolled the low times. Otherwise you could set up for an 8-min respawn only for him to respawn at 11 min. It's also ~40 seconds where you are off the map doing fuck all other than putting Spark Wraiths in the pit. Of course, if you know Rosh is going to respawn in the next 50 seconds, it can't hurt to make a double and throw down a bunch of wraiths in the pit. 20 wraiths will still chunk him for a huge portion of his health, as well as dissuade anyone from coming too close to the pit. You could also set up the wraiths just outside of Rosh's range and then drag him into it. But ultimately these are just gimmick ways to secure a fast late game Rosh, which Arc didn't exactly have problems doing to begin with.
Arcane doesn't give spell amp, only cooldown reduction and mana cost reduction.
&gt;Madhouse don't fuck up. They do not fuck up. [Overlord fans beg to differ.](https://i.imgur.com/Pol6tsV.gif) [Overlord fans REALLY beg to differ.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mkCWjChysv4&amp;t=9m26s) (BIG season 3 spoilers)
I remember back when HotS first launched, I made the claim that the overwhelming lack of impact one good player can have would eventually lead to every game feeling the same because you couldn't pivot the game around yourself. All you could do is be another cog in the machine and all games would naturally lean towards the same overall gameplan. I was told that I just wanted to be able to flaunt my epeen and summarily dismissed, but I still believe I was ultimately right. By stripping out mechanics, they took out the things good players use to gain advantage over others in MOBAs. They attempted to compensate for it by making multiple maps, but this did not increase the longevity of the game. Even if heroes changed, what they individually did was not different-enough to warrant a major strategy shift. In the end, HotS felt like a game where every match was the same, good players couldn't carry you, and bad players could certainly drag you down. That's not a game you want to solo queue, and solo queue is the lifeblood of the MOBA.
The short answer: China. It was a Taiwanese game and two days after it came out, players discovered a Xi Jinping Winnie the Pooh meme in it. This was quickly patched out after the game was review bombed by Chinese players, but the damage was done. China investigated the game and deemed it insulting to China, so it got pulled from Steam in China. The publishers (Indievent and Winking Skywalker) dropped the studio (Red Candle Games) and it was pulled from Steam worldwide. Red Candle Games was also made liable for the losses incurred by the incident. Indievent got their publishing license revoked by China and Red Candle Games has announced that they have no plans to re-release the game.
I am going to have to disagree and say that [Fallen Angel](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tmmqBAwxG-0) is better.
It sort of follows the Splatoon life cycle, at least as we've seen thus far. Splatoon came out in May 2015 and had its last content update and Splatfest in June 2016 (~1 year after release). Splatoon 2 came out in July 2017 (~1 year after Splatoon ended development) and had its last content updates and Splatfest in July 2019 (~2 years after release). Splatoon 2 wasn't revealed until January 2017, six months before launch. It also seems likely that Splatoon 3's story will follow up on Splatoon 2's final Splatfest, like Splatoon 2 did with Splatoon's. Assuming Splatoon 3 has a similar turnaround time as Splatoon 2 and they're targeting a Summer release window, it seems VERY likely that an announcement comes in the next Direct. I can see a future where Splatoon becomes a franchise that iterates every ~3 years, with 1-2 years of post-launch support before full development on the next installment begins. The only thing I'm worried about is potential burnout and a lack of freshness being introduced to the series, but I have enough confidence in Nintendo that they'll slow Splatoon's release cycle down if it gets to that point.
Mainly because the manga actually has room to give them character instead of just being devices to drive the too-elaborate-for-its-own-good plot. You get to see stuff like what the Organization does in the 95% of the time they're *not* committing heinous acts. And it turns out the answer is "they just kinda fuck around to kill time."
And beyond that, each form of bending was adapted from nature. Fire came from dragons, Earth came from badger moles, Air came from sky bison, and Water came from the moon. The moon ain't got no arms to wave to make water move. It bends by existing.
Crusade in WoW qualifies for both for me. In WoW, Paladins have had an ability called Avenging Wrath for ages. For 20 seconds, it grants a %-based damage/healing bonus. In Legion, Ret Paladins got the ability to upgrade Avenging Wrath into Crusade: for 20 seconds (30 w/ other buffs), it granted a stacking %-based damage and haste buff each time you spent Holy Power (the main resource of Paladins). This caused Ret Paladins to skyrocket from mediocre to top-tier damage overnight, and that wasn't even the best part. Because haste reduces cooldowns, Crusade granted you a brief window where you were just chucking out abilities at a frenzied pace and it was legitimately fun to become a cocaine-addled ADD button spammer every two minutes. So because Ret Paladins were certified overpowered as fuck, Crusade was slated to be nerfed in 7.1. [This was the change Blizzard had planned for it.](https://i.imgur.com/v4dsIEq.png) At the time, anyone who played Ret Paladins instantly knew how terrible of an idea this change was. To put things into perspective, PTR testing estimated that the nerf would have brought about a 30-40% nerf to the *overall DPS* of Ret Paladins, in an era where the difference between top and bottom DPS was about 10%. That means they were about to go from top of the pack to dead last by a country mile. The Paladin community was outraged, top Ret Paladin theorycrafters put together letters to the developers asking them to reconsider, and people were just collectively baffled as to how anyone would have thought that it was a good idea. About a week into the PTR, Ret Paladins received a buff... that was so small it didn't change anything. There was then no response from Blizzard for months until two days before 7.1 went live, at which point they reverted the change and said "well we'll be keeping an eye on Ret Paladins to make sure they're not TOO out of control." Crusade never ended up getting nerfed because the class was designed in such a way that it scaled poorly with stats, so as stats got inflated as the expansion went on, Ret Paladins performed worse and worse - *a fact which was pointed out by the community because that's how Ret has been for years*. Crusade would have assuredly would have been nerfed had the playerbase not spoken up. Moreover, the proposed change was so poorly designed that anyone who played Ret Paladin for five minutes would have likely been able to see a problem: it didn't line up with how the class uses abilities, so you'd be losing damage trying to use it. It was a "buff" that functionally fought you every second you were using it. So that's the story of how Blizzard made one of my favorite abilities in WoW, only to demonstrate their staggering incompetence by nearly killing the class it belonged to for no reason.
I understand this but I'm not sure I agree with some of it. We knew Ferdinand's father was corrupt, and when she has him arrested, I didn't view that as her "showing restraint." On the contrary, I viewed it as her using her first actual modicum of power as the Emperor to start "setting things right" mere moments after she acquires it. I did get the impression that Edelgard trusted Byleth, but I didn't feel like she had given enough trust to warrant believing her without more information. You get bits and pieces of her childhood but you learn nothing of the true nature of the shadow that looms over the empire, the acts she's committed, and her hatred for the church. When she makes the big reveal, you're left to try to sift out which horrible atrocities were things she approved of and which were atrocities she simply abided. All you have to go on is her word, in a scene immediately after she demonstrated the lengths her coldness can go to in pursuit of her goals. The "true" Edelgard might be sweet but that is so far removed from the mask she wears that you can't attribute any one action to one or the other. And viewing Edelgard as a whole, she favors drastic measures that further her goals no matter who they crush in the process.
The crux of it for me is that &gt;!you don't know whether she's involved with killing your dad. She's the flame emperor, she was hanging around the girl who did it all the time, and she was VERY rough with her attempts to console you after his death. Of course, she didn't have anything to do with it, but this is in a tense situation where Edelgard has already threatened people who are dear to you and it's clear she means business. The high possibility of being responsible for Jeralt's death trumps the faith she instilled in me up to that point. Especially when all we have in her favor is her word and what we know about her, and we know she's willing to go to extremes if necessary.!&lt; But honestly, the entire scene irritated me because I wanted nothing more than to slow down and ask a question, but the game refuses to give you the chance until afterward. My reaction was akin to &gt;!"What the hell is going on? Edelgard, explain-- and now Rhea is screaming. Great. Calm down, I've got this under-- NO I'M NOT GONNA KILL HER! THAT'S STUPID! SHE'S THE IMPERIAL PRINCESS, KILLING HER WOULD BE WAY WORSE THAN TAKING HER HOSTAGE! WHY WOULD I-- EDELGARD, PUT THE SWORD DOWN! DON'T YOU DARE! FOR FUCK'S SAKE, WHY AM I SURROUNDED BY MORONS WHO KILL FIRST, ASK QUESTIONS NEVER!?"!&lt;
&gt; the "Aim for Rhydon's horn" Now obviously the silly thing is that Rhydon is ground-type so he should be immune. But there's something even dumber that came about later in the anime. In the games, Rhydon got the ability Lightning Rod, which redirects all electric attacks to the it. In the Diamond &amp; Pearl anime, they decided to demonstrate this ability: Ash and co. are fighting double battles, Pikachu aims a Thunderbolt at a Magmar, the attack is redirected straight to Rhydon's horn, and Rhydon takes no damage. So the technique Ash used to defeat Blaine's Rhydon is shown to do precisely fuck all to a different Rhydon later.
To be fair, Gear Second is totally just Kaio Ken but with Devil Fruit powers instead of ki. But I do like how Luffy's forms aren't immediately rendered useless by the next one. Luffy makes ample use of Gear Second, Third, *and* Fourth throughout the series because they all have different situations where they're useful and they all have unique drawbacks that might lead to Luffy favoring one over another for a given situation.
[Ameri is one of the cutest demons I've ever seen.](https://i.imgur.com/7QKZccB.jpg) Gap moe is too strong.
They may have patched Siegward to have more health later like they did with Lucatiel in DS2. I remember in my first attempt, Siegward got fucking pancaked while I was running around trying to figure out what to do and he never recovered long enough to hit Yhorm before dying.
Well he did hate them for how they treated him. And then he killed that hate to obtain POWER.
No. Mihawk stabs Zoro with the knife and Zoro doesn't pull back, because Zoro felt like he'd lose sight of his goal if he retreated. This prompts Mihawk to pull out the Black Blade and begin referring to Zoro as "strong one" instead of "weak one." The "wound on the back" moment is shortly after, when Zoro tries his ultimate technique, gets two of his three swords broken, and turns to face Mihawk's strike head-on. This convinces Mihawk to pull the swing so he only wounds Zoro instead of killing him, and then he basically says "Explore, get strong, and come find me at the end of the world. There we will fight. I'll still win because I'm that good, but just try to beat me." Mihawk is the fucking best.
She was a great character who grew as a person and learned to accept others' eccentricities and all that jazz. And then her development is undone because "fuck you we need one more arc out of this bitch."
I remember getting to the start of Act 3 and being like "Okay so I'm rewinding time or some shit? Cool, I can do that." and then *all your party members step in front of you* to tell you "No, if you go through with this, you're going to another universe. We'll never see you again." And then to progress the story, you have to tell your friends to fuck off because they're less important than saving an alternate dimension that *doesn't technically exist until you go through the portal.*
Shub-Niggurath x shota, even.
I forget where it's from but I remember the guys talking about a game/anime/manga where the big climax has the villain begging the protagonist to let him win because he's done *so much bad shit* trying to fix a mistake, and he's almost done it, but they keep getting in his way. It totally makes them the villain, but I have a strange empathy for a character who boils down to "I've committed countless atrocities and sacrifices to attain my goals. I **refuse** to let it all end in nothing." Edit: yes I do believe it was Nox from Wakfu.
And for all of the shit XC2's dub deserves, I think Nia, Tora, and Zeke are all better in English than Japanese.
I can't recall Malos's Japanese voice but his English voice is so strong I don't doubt it.
Torrent sites have been sued for far bigger things than manga piracy and they always either get off scot-free or tear down and rebuild. I'd honestly be surprised if this Cloudflare lawsuit gets off the ground, really. I'd imagine Cloudflare cannot be held accountable for the actions of their users. Cloudflare also cannot be reasonably expected to be able to police all content uploaded to any site which is hosted via Cloudflare. Cloudflare may need to cut service for and report information of any site found to be breaking the law, but that doesn't stop people from making piracy sites using Cloudflare. Moreover, it's in Cloudflare's interests for people to make those sites, even if service ultimately gets cut, because they get money for the site's operation.
As someone who used to play WoW and dropped off after 7.1: fucking *what?* There's being incompetent, there's phoning it in, and then there's *that.* You have to be TRYING to write something that bad.
[Here are the original and altered versions, compared to the Japanese dialogue for context.](https://i.imgur.com/rAwJMCz.png) The notion that her father abuses her is still crystal clear. They toned down how she phrases it, but I feel the implication is still there. I definitely prefer the original version though.
I REJECT MY HUMANITY!
Beastars is not in Jump. I think that might be in Weekly Shounen Sunday, but I'm not sure. It's more like the Disney+ for manga. Only WSJ manga, and I don't think they have all of WSJ's currently-published series yet (though they have stated an intent to have all of them available). It's a good start but they still need a lot of work. For instance, two-page spreads are split and viewed as separate pages on their reader. Other complaints include mixed translation quality and bad scans.
That's a fair response, I'd say.
Not to mention you're also very likely to be giving up three bounty runes, if not all four, depending on how fast you can kill it. That's 600-800 gold you're losing in exchange for ~1000 gold off Roshan (not including gold spent on regen to take Rosh), about 70 xp per person on your team (roughly 1 ranged creep for everyone), and the Aegis. Your mid will get level 2 guaranteed off the first wave even if they get denied. Your side lanes will get level 2 about a wave earlier than the opponents. The Aegis *might* be used to get an additional kill but it's just as likely to go unused and expire. Considering you need to build a team capable of taking Rosh at level 1, as well as buy early items for the purpose (like Purge starting with Glove of Haste on Ursa), it's definitely not worth it at all. The biggest advantage honestly might be being able to get a free Aghs for your team at 16-22 minutes if Rosh rolls the blessing on his third kill. I'm honestly kind of sad at how little xp early kills and Rosh give now. You can get a kill while contesting a rune as the mid and if the xp gets split three ways among your team, you *still* won't hit level 2 if the first ranged creep gets denied.
"You're making me *work*" said the teenage girl, as she cleaved a man in two with an axe larger than she is.
He also uses it as a steak knife.
I wonder how many hadoukens it takes to kill a bear.
What I like about Gwyn is that, as shriveled as he is, he can still wombo you to shit by virtue of *he swings like six times.* Every other enemy in the game, minus flail attacks? One big hit, sometimes two, maybe three on a combo. But Gwyn just keeps swinging to mow down your stamina if you planned on blocking his combo. It's a shame parry cheesing him is so easy and trivialized the fight.
I didn't even know what I was supposed to DO for the final boss. I just spammed shit and tanked attacks, because dodging didn't really help.
I remember watching the scene where he puts that lieutenant in charge of a mission. The lieutenant's initial response is pretty much "But sir, I'm not Garlean..." and Gaius replies, "No, you're the best man for the job." If you served under Gaius, you would be judged by your merit and nothing else. There's a nobility in that, even if the Empire did turn out to just be huge racists.
One Piece has a lot of cases where baddies have intensely loyal crews, because the big bad cares for them. Moria's entire zombie army plan came about because he lost his entire crew and it caused him so much grief that he sought to create a crew that couldn't die, just so he could avoid the pain of losing his companions again. I think the villains who value their crews are much more common than those that scare their crews into subservience.
Fast Rock-types definitely exist. It's just that Rock has the fewest Pokemon above a base 90 speed by a country mile and a few of those are Pokemon like Archeops and Minior, whose abilities cripple them. The average stats of Rock-types tend to be skewed defensively, which is kind of a sick joke since Rock is a crap defensive type.
I recently picked up Atelier Ryza at Clemps' recommendation and it has a system that gets around this nicely: you equip items to turn them into spells. Rather than use an item directly, you put them into a crystal (equipping them) that has 10 charges. Each item uses a set number of charges - so say 1 charge for a food healing item but 2 charges for an AoE damage item - and charges don't normally refill until you go back to base. But if you don't want to retreat, you can *temporarily* consume one of your equipped items to refill the crystal. So I can equip a Bomb and a Dry Biscuit, use Bomb five times, burn the Dry Biscuit, and use five more Bombs. After I burn it, I can't use the Dry Biscuit for the rest of my time exploring, but it comes back when I go back to base. The entire game is built around crafting better and better items, so if you consumed items normally, you'd probably never use anything because almost everything you have is currently the best you can make and "what if I need it later?"
For me it wasn't his fight itself, but him buying Saitama ramen afterwards. Dude knows Saitama isn't in the hero business for recognition but goes out of his way to do it just because it's the right thing to do.
Your friend is right and you're embracing chaos. Not that there's anything wrong with that. Chaos is great.
They sort of designed Cursola around Eviolite, at least. Galarian Corsola solely takes hits, while Cursola has a phenomenal base SpAtk and a wide variety of strong special moves so it can actually deal damage. Unfortunately mono-Ghost is a pretty mediocre offensive typing, it has terrible speed, and Aegislash exists. But I'm somewhat interested in what people can do with it on Trick Room teams, especially in VGC.
&gt;I would have slightly more respect for it if the ability was still called Wimp Out because at least then, it wouldn't feel as deceitful. That's the point. [This incredibly weak and fearful Pokemon](https://i.imgur.com/xyzgq6Y.png) evolves into a [badass monster](https://i.imgur.com/ICOuKuC.png), but it's still the same fearful Pokemon on the inside. Golisopod's appearance is a facade. It's also the reason why Golisopod's signature move is First Impression, which is a really strong move that fails if it's not used the first turn the Pokemon is sent out.
&gt;Nino You have chosen wisely. [And it has thighs, too.](#justright)
Well up until Gen 8 removed it for some unknown reason, Milotic had Refresh, so Toxic wasn't an issue. But the main issue with Flame Orb Milotic is that while you're gaining 50% defense, you're losing 1/16th of your HP each turn on top of also not gaining 1/16th because you gave up Leftovers. And even if you manage to burn the opponent with Scald, if they have Leftovers, you're still losing the war of attrition. Flame Orb will cripple your ability to face off against other bulky Pokemon in exchange for being slightly better at dealing with your weakness. You're better off running Milotic w/ Leftovers alongside a Toxic-soaking physical wall like Ferrothorn. Marvel Scale lets Milotic take Will-O-Wisps so well because Leftovers negates burn damage and effectively means you have no item for a 50% defense boost. You're trading recovery for defense. Flame Orb trades recovery AND health for defense. Most other Pokemon that use Flame Orb do so for an explicit reason that makes it better: they don't take burn damage and can pass the status (Sigilyph), they have Guts and are damage dealers so Flame Orb is a better Life Orb, etc. Milotic's health is too valuable to willingly kneecap yourself to get a boost equivalent to one Defense Curl.
I've been reading it, which is part of why I thought about how little information the main series has given on the greater workings of the hero system. In Vigilantes, Koichi is given an offer to work at Ingenium's hero agency as a member of the support team. In return, the agency was to provide the necessary channels, resources, and experience to allow Koichi to study for, take, and pass the hero exam and earn his license, at which point he would move from the support team to a field sidekick. Koichi turns this offer down, but it vitally shows that hero school is a wholly optional part of the process and is more like a youth trade school than a required institution. But the criticism is that you shouldn't *have* to go to a spinoff in order to get basic worldbuilding information like "are there heroes who didn't go to hero school?" or "what happens to the criminals that AREN'T murderous villains?" They recently did it again with Eraserhead and Present Mic: they get involved an in emotional moment with a third character but all of the backstory that would give it weight is entirely in Vigilantes. The main series only has the barest details required to let you know who this guy is. The series has interesting characters with stories to tell, but outside of the core cast, they don't get nearly enough breathing room. Vigilantes has a comparatively tiny cast and does a much better job at fleshing them out individually.
He takes that hit, gets cratered into the wall, pops out of the crater, and doesn't know what the fuck just happened or where the fuck Luffy is. Then he gets blindsided. It's tropey as all hell but there's always something fantastic about the dude who's been no-selling the entire fight getting shitrocked so utterly, his reaction becomes "WHERE AM I? WHOSE TEAM AM I ON!?"
He's the kind of character that should be a hardass with a hate-boner for Spider-Man, but also someone who cares and is committed to upholding the integrity of his profession. The kind of guy who would unironically say he pushes his employees to make them "the best goddamned journalists they can possibly be." He doesn't make the best calls because he's not perfect, maybe he's got a temper, but you know he means well and is still doing more than most people would even try to do. At this point I'm pretty much imagining a newspaper version of Dr. Cox from Scrubs.
Classic/Open shell is a blessing and I'm so glad it exists.
While I personally don't really have an issue with groups sniping one another so long as the quality doesn't drop, it does seem dumb to go after a series someone else is already doing when there are plenty of good series with either no translations or incredibly inconsistent translations ^(*cough* Maririmashita! Iruma-kun *cough*) that you could choose from.
Site operations have a cost, and if they've quit their jobs to scanlate full time (which I doubt it but it's possible the scanlation business was THAT lucrative), then paying people is required.
The anime was done by Studio Orange, who did Land of the Lustrous and are pretty much unbeatable when it comes to anime CG. It looks very good.
She put in the effort in terms of the athleticism for that but she never actually joined a proper team and put in the work. Imagine if you were part of your school's track team for three years. This random girl who never did track before fills in for one of your team members for a tournament, quit after, but she somehow managed to catch someone's attention and was offered a scholarship you were aiming for. You'd be ABSOLUTELY LIVID.
*Adds "stuck in wall" to the checklist of fetishes this manga has covered.*
I've felt for a while that there should be some limiting factor on the early runes so someone can't just get a DD rune and win the lane, or get a regen rune and undo all of the pressure the opponent just applied. There are plenty of routes they could choose if they wanted to make a change, like: * Delay power rune spawn until X minutes into the game. * Make certain power runes (IE double damage/regen) not spawn until X minutes into the game. * Make power rune strength scale up to a cap as the game goes on. Ex: double damage's duration starts at 20 seconds at 2 minutes and increases by 5 seconds per rune spawn until it caps at 45 seconds at 12 minutes. * Rework runes entirely.
Close. [Beastar Spoilers](/s "He gradually started losing his taste after eating Tem, which may have been half-because of his predation and half-because of stress. His sense of taste starts coming back as he's in the final stretch leading up to his fight with Legosi, which would have been his next act of predation had he won. So pretty much the dude ate his friend and then lost his senses until he started getting ready to eat another friend.")
People want big damage and those weapons sacrifice damage for utility. They're still completely viable weapons, but a lot of people just want to do big numbers. They don't care about being able to buff their team, or block everything, or use items without sheathing and have mounting attacks from neutral.
Meanwhile, I play DBs and was trying to figure out how that big beam attack was even supposed to be threatening since it's so incredibly easy to dodge. Now I know.
Triple charge swings with the greatsword.
I've killed three different monsters with the clutch claw since World game out on PC a week ago. You never expect it, but it's always hilarious.
Are you implying that the counter that levels up your spirit gauge for free isn't useful?
Clutch claw helped a lot of weapons with some of their most problematic monsters. Fighting Kirin with DBs used to be terrible because you pretty much couldn't hit the horn unless Kirin was toppled. I ended up making a GS set just to farm horns for my Kirin DBs, and in 4U I did the same to farm Rajang. Clutch claw means you now actually have an option besides "guess I'll try to spam mounts."
I was originally joking... but then it was a slow day at work so I downloaded it. I appreciate the tips. I now have a dragon loli with reindeer horns that says "Festivals are the bestivals!" whenever she moves.
&gt; Well FE is definitely the most selling IP Nintendo has behind Mario and Zelda No, it's not. Not by a long shot. Animal Crossing outsells it multiple times over. Splatoon outsells it. Kirby outsells it. ARMS *almost* outsold Three Houses and nobody gives a fuck about ARMS.
Fem Byleth is the mechanically superior version because she gets a free recruit on Sylvain.
Asking a student to join your house requires you to meet stat and skill thresholds on Byleth. However, any student with a B or higher support can ask to join your house regardless of your stats. Leonie, Caspar, and Ferdinand have B-supports that don't unlock until very late in the story, so it's generally advised that you obtain the stats for those three to invite them directly and get everyone else to B and let them come to you.
I don't know how I'm supposed to provide a "source" to player-found information that the game never tells you. Does [the recruitment guide for SerenesForest](https://serenesforest.net/three-houses/characters/recruitment/) count? Get a student to B support and they have a random chance each week of coming to you to ask to join your house. You can save scum to reset until they join. You don't need to have any stats met, and in fact if you don't meet their stats you still can't recruit them manually. You just have to wait for them to come to you.
"This series has numerically more characters so it deserves more representation" is incredibly dumb, especially when they're picking characters like Corrin and Byleth. Corrin was added to Smash 4 *before Fates even came out in the US* and Byleth is one of the least-personable characters in 3H by design. They were not picked for their popularity with the fans, they were picked because marketing. Yes, Smash Ultimate did a decent job of making all four near-identical swordsmen viable. Still doesn't change the fact that they have the same animations. Marth, Ike, Robin, and Corrin are the only ones that don't feel like a palette swap with a numbers adjustment, and Corrin is a character I've never seen any love for even from Fire Emblem fans - most I've seen feel he's annoying and his game is bad. The argument is that Fire Emblem is overrepresented in Smash, and it is. They have the second largest representation behind Mario and a fanbase a fifth the size of other smash series. They have eight representatives when other major Nintendo franchises have one or two. Pokemon has one less now despite having over a thousand fucking Pokemon to choose from. FE Heroes doesn't even have 500 heroes including the different versions of the same character, like holiday skins and young/adult versions. Animal Crossing has dozens of characters and sells millions of copies. Why don't we have Tom Nook, Mr. Resetti, and K.K. Slider in Smash as well? They're beloved characters from a franchise that constantly adds new characters!
No, you just get the same cookie-cutter archetypes recycled every game and slapped onto a different model. How many young, noble, "I fight for my friends" princes/kings have you had? You can be reductive about Fire Emblem, too. Especially considering Byleth's character is "I didn't have a personality until I became a teacher, now I'm just deadpan." Link doesn't even fucking speak and there are multiple different Links that have more personality than Byleth.
And it's not their problem that you're getting upset that they're voicing their disappointment. Sucks, don't it?
The latter, I'd say. TMS is a fairly competent JRPG on its own. The main story is lacking and the protag is a bore, but the side stories are legitimately interesting and the Sessions system means the combat is some of the best combat Atlus has done. There were three major problems TMS faced: 1. It was on the Wii U. 2. It was announced as an SMT x FE game but managed to fall into a middle ground that left no group happy. It was neither an SMT game with FE characters nor a FE game with SMT characters. 3. It was about the idol industry, which is wholly Japanese and largely uninteresting to the rest of the world.
Legosi made Riz hallucinate that he turned into a cloud of moths sixty chapters ago and *now* it's too ridiculous?
The distinction I make is that an "ad character" is a lot less egregious when it's the second rep of a series as opposed to the *sixth or eighth.* FE wasn't popular as a series at the time, either - it didn't matter that Roy's game wasn't out yet because people wouldn't know who the hell he was even if it had released in the US. Roy was also introduced alongside Marth and not after, making the duo the first appearance of FE in Smash. Moreover, these characters came about in an era when internet discussion was not nearly as widespread as it is today and how Nintendo chooses Smash characters felt more like wizardry than a corporate process. Now, it's easier to be "in the know" and understand exactly how Nintendo picks characters. People also feel like they have more influence in the process due to things like the polls Nintendo did to gauge fan interest in new fighters. There is a pervasive feeling that a character will get in if fans just want it hard enough, which isn't going away no matter how delusional it is. Roy got in early and has been cemented as nostalgia. If another FE character was added in place of Roy back in Melee, and they tried to put Roy in now as a newcomer, he'd be reviled like Byleth. Even if they gave him a completely unique moveset, he'd get hate. Any FE character at this stage would get hate because it's not about the character, it's about the series they're from. There's a certain degree of freedom a series has to introduce representatives. That freedom depends on its popularity, its character quality, and how many representatives it already has. That freedom quickly dissipates after around 3 characters. I'd still think Byleth is a hard sell even if all of the clones were gone and we just had Marth, Ike, Robin, and Corrin, and I say this as someone who greatly enjoyed Three Houses.
&gt; Its contradictory to complain that “Fire Emblem characters are not unique” while also complaining that “there are too many Fire Emblem characters”. No it's not. They *aren't* unique and there *are* too many. Those are two independent problems and negating one does not negate the other. All FE characters could have entirely unique movesets and people would still think there are too many because there are eight of them. There could only be Marth, Roy, Lucina, and Chrom, and people would still think they aren't unique because they all have the same base moveset. If you were to strip away Roy, Lucina, and Chrom, Smash would still be left with five unique Fire Emblem representatives. That's more than most games could *hope* to have, even among Nintendo franchises. If we're crushing clones down to single characters, Metroid has three, Kirby has three, Starfox has arguably one or two depending on if you consider Falco and Wolf sufficiently different, etc. Bear in mind Fire Emblem was still incredibly niche until Awakening, after which it became somewhat more pronounced, but was still niche until Three Houses. Awakening was previously the best-selling game in the series and it only sold 1.9 million units in five years. To put that into perspective, it means that a franchise that was outsold by *ARMS* had seven representatives before Three Houses came along. Take away the clones, that's still four representatives before the game was breaking sales numbers less-represented series were pulling regularly. **That** is where all the vitriol comes from and it's why Three Houses making the series more popular doesn't just suddenly make having eight representatives perfectly understandable. By most accounts, it's baffling Fire Emblem has more than four characters in this game.
&gt; Nobody ever thinks of Japan, they must have been very hapoy to get a new FE Representative. Even including Japan, FE didn't sell well enough to keep the series going until Awakening turned the tables. Awakening was slated to be the last FE game. It's not like Dragon Quest or Monster Hunter, where the game is a cultural phenomenon in Japan. Fire Emblem was still a relatively niche game over there for most of its lifespan.
&gt; What you fail to grasp is that Fire Emblem has new characters every iteration. What you fail to grasp is that it doesn't matter that every game has new characters if most people who play Smash don't even know or care about them. A new-age Fire Emblem fan would be hard-pressed to name the protagonists of ten different games in the series, and Smash Bros gives you at least five without even trying. Characters mean nothing if people aren't attached to them. This is a problem that is lessened when it's the franchise's first or second representative in Smash, in case which they become the wacky newcomer that some people will bag on but most people ultimately accept (like Terry). &gt;(To say nothing of the fact that Fire Emblem as a series is ascendant in a way that allows Nintendo to hope that it can be in the same breath as Zelda, Mario, Pokemon) Three Houses sold 2.29 million units in two months, and though we don't have numbers from the holiday season, I'd wager it's unlikely to break 3.5 million before the end of its lifespan. Zelda, Mario, and Pokemon all dwarf that two to three times over. Fire Emblem is also a tactical JRPG, which has a significantly smaller market than most other genres - JRPGs traditionally pull lower numbers to the point that Final Fantasy can barely pull Zelda/Mario/Pokemon numbers. I don't mean anything bad by this, but to think Fire Emblem will one day be on the level of Zelda/Mario/Pokemon is wishful thinking at best and blind ignorance at worst. In all likelihood, Fire Emblem is approaching its saturation point. That's not a bad thing - a game consistently pulling 3-4 million units in sales is fantastic if development plans for that - but these massive growth spurts physically cannot continue.
What gets me more is that the Evil choice is "you get a million gold and everyone stays dead," even though: 1. You have to beat the game to get the gold, so you've probably already bought everything you wanted to buy. 2. The game economy is balanced around not having a free million gold on hand so you never actually need it to buy anything significant. Your options are literally get a statue of yourself in one of the towns, get your dog back, or get a pile of money you don't need.
Marth, Roy, Lucina, and Chrom all have virtually the same base moveset. The only notable move distinction is Chrom's Up-B, which is instead from Ike. They all have unique gameplay differences (Marth has tipping, Roy has inverse tipping, Lucina and Chrom have balanced strikes) but to the layman they look near-identical. And most people who play Smash probably don't even know that Marth does more damage if you strike them with the tip of the blade.
It's still entertaining, if a bit infuriating, seeing the mental gymnastics FE fans go to trying to justify the game getting its eighth representative despite being like 15th in overall sales. Last night someone tried to tell me Fire Emblem is going to reach Zelda/Mario/Pokemon levels of sales one day. I got downvoted for saying that's not going to happen. Final Fantasy can barely hit those numbers and it's the most well-known JRPG in the world; you're telling me that a *tactics* JRPG that's pulling a third of what those games pull is miraculously going to triple its sales in a few games despite already approaching market saturation? *Rant over.*
Gave me a chuckle too, but yesterday I saw someone refer to Byleth as "Galarian Marth" and that made me bust a gut.
No, I'm saying Fire Emblem is not going to experience another doubling/tripling in popularity. Any growth from here on will likely be increasingly marginal and I'd be amazed if the series ever breaks 5 to 6 million in lifetime sales of a single game. Which is still 4+ million off of the level Zelda/Mario/Pokemon are at. If the games continue to be good, they will continue to grow, but they won't jump from sub-1 million to 1.9 million to 3 million anymore. The jumps will be smaller and more reserved because there are fewer potential groups who have never played a FE game before to tap into. At the end of the day, tactics JRPGs are still a niche genre. If you think it's going to pull Final Fantasy numbers, I don't know what to tell you besides "I'll eat my hat if it does."
It doesn't matter that much, but he's the one who brought it up to begin with.
I don't think Rex's deconfirmation was a sore spot just because he was denied. I thought it was a sore spot because the justification given was "the game he's from is too recent" even though that didn't *really* line up with some previous Smash characters. The justification made it seem like he could have totally got in if not for how releases lined up, when in reality he probably didn't have a chance. The fact that Byleth got in even though their game was both revealed and released long after XC2 is evidence enough of that. Nintendo probably also didn't know if they were going to do a second fighter's pass at the time, so it's not like they could say "maybe next time."
[Ask him to tell you how that makes him feel.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HuV-EpLV8SU)
Byleth has the weakest character of all of Smash's FE characters, so I'd be surprised if they manage to fuck it up on that front. There are story reasons for it, but Byleth is intentionally written as a deadpan blank slate that doesn't seem to understand concepts like "jokes." Byleth's mercenary nickname is "Ashen Demon" for how little emotion they show on the battlefield. Their own father isn't entirely sure they have emotions sometimes. When you take the students out of the mix, Byleth is pretty much just a walking set of battle quotes and silent nodding. Surely that can be translated to Smash relatively easily.
XC2 was announced in October 2016. The game that would become Three Houses was announced in January 2017, at which point it didn't even have a name. All we knew was there was a FE title in development for the Switch - [this screen is literally all we got.](https://i.imgur.com/1qBqFOE.png) Call me skeptical, but I feel like the "early look" Sakurai got wouldn't have been anything like the final product if it was pre-2017. Which it allegedly has to be if XC2 was too late despite being announced in late 2016. So the supposed prerelease copy Sakurai played through would have been nearly three years before the game went gold, but it was feature-complete enough to allow Sakurai to play through all four routes to completion. Three years before release is when you're still trying to workshop the smaller details of the plot and new characters can be added or removed. That's definitely alpha, if not pre-alpha. And when I say alpha, I mean game dev alpha, not marketing alpha.
I thought XC2 was announced in the Switch debut presentation while FE was announced in the Fire Emblem direct a few months later.
Is... is that just a Diablos from Hell?
A lot of endgame monsters have huge telegraphed attacks that will just obliterate you if you tank them. [Seething Bazel's spiral divebomb nuke](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_faKLTOYxLY&amp;t=30s) is another one.
Another issue came about because they tried to mix stuff from the original game (the first ~40 seconds) with original content that matches the low framerate animation Three Houses uses for its prerendered cutscenes. It leads to some jarring disconnect between individual parts of the trailer. The scene with Byleth limping back in and Sothis pouting is particularly strange to look at.
For those wondering, the Japanese title of Three Houses is ファイアーエムブレム 風花雪月, which translates as *Fire Emblem: Wind, Flower, Snow, Moon.*
Apparently the merchandising joke was added because they asked George Lucas for permission to make a Star Wars parody and Lucas gave them the go-ahead on the condition that they didn't sell any merchandise.
&gt; Why did so many people just go, "Oh yeah, a 3 Houses rep is expected!" Because there are seven FE characters and Three Houses is the best-selling FE game by a country mile (2.29m in 2 months vs. Awakening selling 1.9m in 5 years), to the point that the series has finally broken out of its niche status to some degree. Having such heavy FE representation without having a character from the most popular FE game didn't make sense. Once the second wave of DLC fighters was announced, it was a given we'd *probably* see a Three Houses character. People just didn't expect it to be coming in the first pass, likely because the game came out last year.
Her supports with Marianne and Annette are my favorite, because she *starts* by trying to pawn her work off onto them, but quickly realizes it's a lot more reliable and efficient if she just does it herself since Marianne is so clumsy and Annette is so scatterbrained. Hilda has this strange mix of laziness, impatience, and self-awareness while still exercising concern for the people who help her. If someone has something better to do or she knows she can do a better job herself, she'll do something herself. But if she thinks someone else isn't busy or can do the job better, she tries to get them to do it for her. As lazy as she is, you never really get the impression that she doesn't care.
Part of the reason I want Monster Hunter in Smash is just so we can get a trailer where they see Bowser, Ridley, and the Pokemon, and go "Oh boy here I go hunting again!"
Three Houses Spoilers: &gt;!As far as I can tell from the routes I played (Church and Blue Lions), it's not just difficulty conveying emotions. Being a host for a slumbering Sothis actively suppressed Byleth's emotions for the majority of their life. It's only once Sothis starts waking up that Byleth's emotions start to surface. This is why Jeralt is surprised when Byleth starts being more active and expressive after coming to Garreg Mach, though he attributes it to the students Byleth is in charge of.!&lt;
I'm so glad that we'll finally achieve parity between console and PC in April. Frankly, it's taken far too long, but better late than never.
I figured Safi meant we wouldn't see a MR Xeno, but I guess time will tell.
Kiria and Mamori both look dumb but I feel like they're different kinds of dumb. Mamori is a goddamn neon orange and green bunny knight, which is ridiculous enough for me to have it wrap around to great. Kiria just looks stupid (though I do appreciate her edgelord eyepatch for my ~~Punished~~ Fallen Tiki).
200 orbs down the drain and I got a Leif for my troubles. Edit: 20 more orbs and I got +Spd/-Res Eleonora and neutral Tsubasa in the same circle. I don't get to complain anymore.
I just started playing a few days ago and I got her with my free pull. Now I feel awful.
Admittedly this is napkin math but if he only did green pulls and averaged 5 orbs per green, then he had a 99.999999% chance to get Holiday Fae *before* considering the pity timer. You have a higher chance of being killed by falling space debris than you do of not getting Holiday Fae in 3k orbs.
In many cases, the switch from sprites to 3D models actively stripped the appearance of life away from some of the Pokemon. Many of the models have the most basic idle stances possible and that removes a huge amount of appeal from any individual Pokemon. Take Skarmory, for instance. [Here is its BW2 sprite](https://i.imgur.com/xwX9HRE.gif), and [here is its XY model](https://i.imgur.com/RhyuPfM.gif). The sprite is bobbing and brandishing its wings, appearing very active, as it should since it's in a battle. The model is effectively A-posing with a negligible sway to give it the appearance that it's gliding. Pikachu is another example. [The sprite](https://i.imgur.com/kACv2fJ.gif) has charm - it puts its paw up to its face and wiggles its tail. [The model](https://i.imgur.com/zGAI39S.gif) just stands there and breathes idly. The models are competently-rendered but they appear stiff and lifeless next to the animated spritework. The sprites had action poses or quirky movement, while the animation on the models feels simple and phoned in. So many Pokemon just stand there and breathe, maybe with flapping wings or a swaying tail if they have them. There are exceptions, like [Bellossom's hula sway](https://i.imgur.com/peL0sss.gif), but they are few and far between. And that's not even an improvement on Bellossom's part because[ the BW2 sprite also had a hula sway with even more exaggerated arm movement *and* a jump](https://i.imgur.com/oRIndom.gif) like a stereotypical hula dancer.
Any remotely balanced game has diminishing returns on defensive stats so that doesn't happen.
&gt; The Brilliant Detective avatar does change appearance based on who's in the cockpit. From what we've seen, it appears to either make you appear younger or make you appear at what you imagine yourself to be your "true/best" self. Narihisago appeared like he did in his dream, when he was in bed with his wife. Perforator appeared sort of like he did in that pre-drill photo the police looked at.
If she did actually love him then over the span of two chapters she realized it, mulled it over, and then threw in the towel without revealing it to anyone or doing anything narratively important with those feelings. She could have never had any feelings for him at all and we'd be at exactly the same point in the story. Itsuki was pretty much a solved character once the Rena thing got taken care of. I don't know why Negi has made her have two crises of confidence in the final stretch, only to resolve them instantly. They were unnecessary and changed almost nothing.
There's plenty of variety! We got tsundere loli, yandere oppai loli, and now masochist loli!
If she was up for vote, the sheer meme power might have actually gotten her some push.
My first thought upon reading the title was "that's excessive." This feels like how the creator of Shenmue said he plans for the series to be about 11 games long despite the fact that it doesn't sell anywhere near enough to make that remotely viable.
Seriously. Other people are praising the show's representation of MMOs and I'm sitting here like "This is the most incompetent development team I've ever seen. I don't understand why these systems work the way that they do. Why don't defensive stats have diminishing returns? Why does a skill which lets a level 20 oneshot *other players who outlevel her* even exist? Why did a low-level dungeon boss drop unique, infinitely scaling armor? Did nobody beta test this shit? And for that matter, how is it that the most broken build was only discovered days after the game came out by someone who literally says she's never played video games before?" I get it, it's not meant to be taken seriously. It's a cute girl being broken overpowered. Every narrative contrivance exists solely to make her broken, no matter how stupid it is. But I don't understand how anyone can look at this show and go "yep whoever wrote this gets MMOs." No, whoever wrote this wanted to make an OP protagonist isekai and views MMOs through the "anything can happen in an MMO" lens that *only people who have never played an MMO view them through.* In reality, the systems that provide balance and challenge quickly limit the scope of any individual MMO. It's like when I started playing WoW and I wanted to be a dual-wielding self-healing Night Elf Paladin tank only to find out that Night Elves couldn't be Paladins, Paladins couldn't dual wield, and my half-holy half-prot build was utter garbage. Except if I was the protagonist of this anime, I'd get a unique drop that turns me into a Night Elf, lets me dual wield, and makes my armor and spellpower scale infinitely off each other.
&gt; but I'm sure that the 3 lords will remembered as some of the better characters the franchise has to offer. Well, two of them will. *Glares at Edelgard.* ^(In all seriousness she's a great character. She's just a character I also happen to hate.)
I volunteer as tribute! I have words to say about things!
Fucking Dota 1 Gambler is more balanced than this shit. She got infinitely-scaling armor off what is likely one of the first dungeons in the game. This show makes me irrationally angry because pretty much every plot contrivance that occurs to make Maple OP is a direct result of the developers being HORRIFICALLY incompetent. It's like Aqua made a game.
I just habitually skip credits and check for an after-credits scene on every episode of every anime I watch. I ain't missing shit.
Byleth is at least intentionally written to be an emotionless husk of a human being for story reasons. Itsuki is just dull because he's an everyman without the charm (read: complete fucking weirdness) some of Atlus' other everyman protags get.
&gt; the Marianne Blutgang is coming for ya! And they'll die to Dark Spikes T the moment they get within 4 units. You don't fuck with base 60 + 10 Mag growth.
I kinda wish you couldn't vote for the same character multiple times and it was instead something more akin to you just ranking 1-7. Yeah, you'd get the people who just throw every vote at Black Eagles, but these are the same kinds of people that just vote for Edelgard seven times. Being able to vote for the same character multiple times just means that the people who choose to vary up their selection have statistically less influence over the outcome than people who mainline one character.
I can totally see Pat [chanting "FIGHT, FIGHT, FIGHT!" at two babies.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OVXjGj5JmO0&amp;t=3m41s)
Well the Steven Universe tumblr community once bullied a girl to attempt suicide for drawing the character Rose Quartz thinner (read: not *thin*, just thin*ner*) than she normally is. So it's not like it's impossible. Of course, if strangers bullying you on the internet is enough to drive you to kill yourself, you've probably got much bigger problems than strangers bullying you on the internet and should already be seeking help/therapy. But that's neither here nor there and it doesn't excuse the assholes doing the bullying.
She's still Windrunner to me, damnit.
[She did a superhero landing!](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EwUilIo036g)
Depends on how the physics of a Force push work. A jet engine can provide enough force to move a 50-ton jet, but you can still fire bullets directly into the engine and they'd be nearly unaffected. The surface area of a bullet is tiny but bullets have a ludicrous amount of kinetic energy. If a Force push acts like a solid wall, then the bullet is more liable to disintegrate than remain in any piece solid enough to be thrown back. If the Force push has some give to it, then it may not be able to slow the bullet enough to prevent damage due to the bullet's tiny surface area. Either the Force can't handle the pressure exerted by the bullet or it can and the bullet breaks down. It's the same reason why Superman wouldn't actually be able to lift a train in real life; even if he had the strength to do it, all that weight on the small area of his hands would just make his hands go through the train.
They can. But the distinction is that when they assimilated technology, they gained instant, permanent immunity to that weapon. With weaponry they haven't assimilated, they have to learn on the fly how to negate its damage and can't quickly respond if the damage type changes. Additionally, we're fighting post-Old War Sentients in the games. Most of the Old War was fought using low-tech weapons, meaning the Sentients learned about our weapons and have since developed countermeasures. That's also why they can adapt to physical damage more easily now than before.
I like the idea of John Walker effectively being a Censor from Psychonauts. In Psychonauts, Censors are a part of the psyche that roams through the mind, hunting down "thoughts that don't belong" such as hallucinations and manias. Since the Wells are built from a person's urge to kill, that would also mean that anything within the Well - be it killer, victim, or Sakaido - is also comprised of their urge to kill. Assuming John Walker is a manifestation of a sane person's mental defenses against insanity, anything and anyone in the Well would fall under the purview of "thoughts that don't belong" and require destruction. And as you explained, that would also explain why some individuals didn't have a John Walker, while others had John Walkers of varying strengths. John Walker being a person is still entirely plausible, but something about that doesn't add up to me. If there was consistency to his methods, then you'd get the impression that the John Walker from the Wells would be more consistent than he is.
Up to this point the rest of the school seemed rather mundane, with the faintest hints of more spectacular stuff going on behind the scenes (like how they just happened to have a 1930s cel animation rig in storage). Then that sequence happened and it was like an entirely different show. "So what is this, the drama club putting on a shitty production? Wait, they're trying to get more carbs on the menu...? That's the sole reason their club-- THEY MADE AN AMOEBA TO DO IT? WHAT WOULD THAT EVEN DO??? **THERE'S A *SECURITY* CLUB!?**" I want to learn more about this school. This world is fascinating.
That being said, I love how chat was entirely against Pat up until Woolie talked how the game was preachy, and then chat was immediately on Pat's side saying "fuck this game, this game is dumb."
It's always that one fucking guy. Like Pat has a laser targeting system aimed specifically at the one person running counter to everyone else.
I can understand the merit of not having chat involved at all, but I also enjoy a small amount of chat interaction - mainly when one of them is factually wrong about something or bringing up something they missed in the news. Chat by itself is also fun to watch. Like today, when they were discussing Dialect. Chat was dumping on Pat for his "I don't understand make-believe" talk, and then the moment Woolie mentioned how preachy the game is, chat immediately turned around and started saying "Nah Pat's right, this game is dumb."
Except when he forgets the person he's listening to is himself, then that guy knows what he's talking about.
I will fight you on 3 not being a classic. Since FF2 was bad, FF3 felt like the *true* sequel that was a complete improvement on the original. And as someone who dislikes ATB systems, you have no idea how happy I was when I discovered Bravely Default was pretty much FF3-2.
Now I'm just imagining a D&amp;D campaign where your murderhobo tendencies cause a Pursuer-like enemy to chase you throughout your quest, hellbent on bringing you to justice. You can never kill him, he always manages to escape with his life and come back stronger until you're defeated. Fuck, *I* would be a murderhobo if it meant I became the villain of a shounen series.
I love it when the algorithms are just slightly off the mark. I was recently prepping for a HESI exam (standardized test for admission into a medical program at my college) and YouTube started giving me ads for MCAT exam prep. It's like Google thinks you do all tests at once.
But... they still win. In fact Ganoncide kills you first so they win even if you both have one stock left.
I just wish Mortal Savant was better. Swordmasters are actually better with swords than Mortal Savants despite being one tier lower, and you can give them a Levin Sword+ in lieu of magic. Actually, a lot of the endgame 3H classes are kinda bad. Flying is busted, you can give a flier a bow, the soft weapon triangle skills are terrible, and any caster can use both white and black magic. This effectively means there isn't any reason to not make nearly every unit a Wyvern Lord with a bow or a Dark Knight. Also why the hell does Edelgard have a hidden talent for reason if there are no axe casters in the game? I'm not gonna make her a Gremory.
If I remember correctly, this rule has been set for Starcraft 2 for years. So I'm not sure why people are surprised now. Of course it's still incredibly stupid. And people are more likely to just make their idea in unity or UE4 than your game if you claim ownership of anything they make in your game. So by trying to own the next DotA, Blizzard has ensured they can never own the next DotA.
Looks like I'll be picking up Somali. As always, thanks to Banjo for giving me the opportunity to contribute! And to those who disagree with my *boiling lava hot* take on Bofuri, please form a single file line before kicking my ass.
I had a feeling you would like the show, and I was afraid I wasn't going to be able to articulate the bulk of my criticisms in the alotted 250 words. Like I said, I can see why people are enjoying it. But there were some things about the show that just rubbed me the wrong way. I think the two scenes that got to me were [Bofuri spoilers](/s "the encounters with the bee and hydra. The bee introduced poison damage as a method to bypass Maple's defenses and then immediately introduced a counter to it through resistance. The hydra introduced equipment durability as a weakness, only for her to get self-repairing armor after killing the hydra. It just gave me a pervasive feeling of 'Oh, so they're just not going to even try to be clever, she's just gonna power through everything and look cute doing it.'") That might be exactly what some people are looking for, but it left me feeling like I had seen everything the show had to offer after the first episode, and episodes 2 and 3 did nothing to remedy that in my eyes.
&gt; This is like valve trying to shut down counterstrike when it was a mod of HLmultiplayer Well it's more like Valve getting mad about losing out on Counterstrike and claiming ownership of any game made using Half-Life 2 as the base. Except that doesn't really work as an analogy since Source is an engine and nowadays it's much easier to just buy a license for Source than it is to mod Half-Life. And also Valve just ended up buying and taking ownership of Counterstrike anyway because that's what they do with every game that ever spawns from its games. As far as the two are concerned, Valve buying out ideas is far better than Blizzard trying to claim ownership of them before they're ever created.
[Don't worry, it all works out.](https://imgur.com/a/pnAH0M5)
Oni no Youna LoveCome. Girl is the princess of hell. She has multiple suitors trying to arrange a marriage. Her dad hates them all. Her dad makes a deal with a human to drive them off. Shenanigans and fights ensue.
Yeah but nobody is going to give up great skills to get enough resistance to negate a blight 25% of the time. When people are making builds, they *never* look at the resistances until the build is done, and then they go "huh, I have -13 thunder resistance. That sucks. Guess I have to bring Thunderproof Mantle vs. Kirin." That's the extent of player interaction with the system. Elemental resistance skills exist and I have never seen a single person use them in all my years of playing Monster Hunter. Effluvia and Poison resist are the only status-negating skills I've ever seen used - Effluvia for Arch-Tempered Vaal because that fight is bullshit, and Poison for Dreadqueen Rathian in MHGen because she is the only monster in the history of MH to have *super* deadly poison that eats through half your health before you even get up from a knockdown.
New player here. The fuck is a BHB? Edit: thanks for the quick responses!
People don't give a shit what Google calls it. People have paid to have boxes in their homes operating this service and Google delivered them. That's a release. But okay, let's say this is just the beta and a full release is coming further down the line. If this is how Google reacts during the trial period where they're supposed to be testing features and taking feedback, who the fuck is going to trust them enough to buy in when the full release happens? They botched their first impression so magnificently, the only time I ever hear about Stadia is when there's another thing going wrong with it.
I'm relatively new to FEH so every time I hear about the anniversary, it's pretty much "I have been told to be excited but I have no idea why."
I feel like this is an instance where both sides are gonna feel the other is a coward. Especially since one of them wants to fuck the gremlin form.
I'm reminded of another scene in Avatar that doesn't make me cry, but it cuts me deeper than pretty much any other part of the series. It's when the Earth Kingdom general, attempting to drive Aang to the brink and awaken the Avatar State, makes it look like he killed Katara. [Aang desperately screaming "YOU DON'T NEED TO DO THIS!"](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wwvRsqLzAJU&amp;t=6m10s) has stuck in my memory for years.
Thanks for the tips! I suppose my best shot at the moment is trying to get a vantage Kiria to work, since she seems to be the strongest vantage unit I have.
Story: "Remember that time you killed Bahamut?" Me: "Ba-ha-mut...? *Starts counting on fingers.* I killed Ifrit, Titan, Titan again, Titan a third time, Garuda, Leviathan, Shiva... When did I kill Bahamut? They can't be talking about 1.0 shit."
I think at some point in Stormblood, they off-handedly call you the slayer of Bahamut or some such. I swear it was during the MSQ but I might be wrong.
Also to note: Curran's ability works very well on characters who can already inflict defense down, particularly Leif. Stacking -defense is pretty potent.
Just the one guy. He just keeps handing Sokka money until Sokka is okay with it.
&gt; Leveling is fast I've played 36 hours since I bought the pass and I've gotten 9 levels from playing.
If those goddamn Agito twins turn out to be Shadow and not Fire, I'm going to laugh so hard.
To put it bluntly, Pat is shit at articulating his points and he has a nasty habit of getting mad at people for interpreting his words in the way he wrote them rather than the way he *thought* he wrote them. Some people definitely do misconstrue Pat's points, but often times he does it to himself.
And my [SBFC Police Brutality Day](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=omC8SHGdCds) T-shirt?
I wonder if the presence of the "skip puzzle" button would make her feel better or worse. She can always progress, but she'll forever be a coward if she does.
I think for me, it's the bagginess/looseness of the clothes more than anything else. Doesn't necessarily have to be hoodies, either. WonDance is a newer manga that has some [peak](https://i.imgur.com/5u9clw8.png) [goddamn](https://i.imgur.com/FEfartY.jpg) [aesthetic](https://i.imgur.com/cRkD51T.png) in that regard.
I started doing that exact same thing in middle school and still haven't stopped, over a decade later. If I find a pen, I just feel compelled to take it apart. Though the worst it ever backfired was probably when I was in my college physics class. Took the pen apart and put it back together, but it turns out I didn't secure the top on enough. Clicked it rather roughly against the desk and the inner portion (the ballpoint + socket + reservoir) shot straight out of the pen and hit the ceiling.
Virtually all of Timber's items can vary based on the flow of the game and the enemy team composition. The only real roles his items need to fulfill are making him tankier and giving him more mana. Otherwise you can focus entirely on utility. Standard early game items include Arcanes, Soul Ring, Wand, Hood, Kaya, and potentially Vanguard if the enemy is entirely physical-based. Arcanes and Soul Ring take care of your early mana problems, Hood/Vanguard will beef you up, and Kaya is an all-around good offensive item that builds into Bloodstone. Arcanes tend to be disassembled into Bloodstone/Lotus. If you want to go all-in on burst and your team has good spell damage, you may also consider a Veil since it now amps all spells instead of just magic damage. I've had a few games where Kaya + Veil just let me obliterate squishy heroes, but it's definitely high risk for probably too little reward. Midgame items include Bloodstone, Euls, Lotus, Pipe, and Crimson Guard. Whether you go Bloodstone, Euls, or Lotus will depend entirely on the game - you may go all three in some games, but other games may be too fast to get a Bloodstone so you'll have to settle for an early Euls. Euls and Lotus are crucial dispels - Euls offers a disable while Lotus gives armor and may reflect key targeted spells. You can also Lotus allies, which is invaluable against heroes like Pudge, Bane, Batrider, and Shadow Shaman. Pipe/Crimson Guard are a natural progression of early game items. After you pick up a few key items, your builds tend to gravitate heavily towards whatever is required of the game. * Octarine adds a lot of survivability and the cooldown reduction boosts both your damage and your survivability, since you can use your other actives more often. * Aghs is sweet damage and a decent bit of health, plus you can upgrade it out of your inventory later. * Radiance is damage and 17% blind, but really only starts shining after an Octarine. Timber won't make use of the +60 damage much but he can stick to enemies well and is in fights for a long time. * Blademail is great for dealing with specific heroes who focus you. Heroes like PA, Ursa, and WR in particular can shred themselves on you since you're reflecting the damage before it's mitigated by your 40+ armor. * Shiva's is for dealing with enemy carries and giving you some extra utility in a slow. * Halberd will let you disarm a carry while amping your regen and giving evasion. * Scythe just provides a straight-up disable on top of mana and health. * BKB for when Lotus/Euls don't cut it. * Blink lets you move around and chase more efficiently. * Travels will let you split push and farm all over the map. * Guardian Greaves are rare but Timber makes an excellent carrier for them if he does not need the mobility of Travels. They give mana, armor, and a heal, all of which he enjoys. * Linkens is good in very specific scenarios, like against Doom. My generic build for a Timber mid game where I'm doing well might look something like: Soul Ring &gt; Wand &gt; Arcanes &gt; Hood &gt; Kaya &gt; Bloodstone &gt; Pipe &gt; Lotus &gt; Travels &gt; Octarine &gt; Aghs &gt; Aghs Blessing &gt; Radiance. However, there is a LOT of variance there that you can take advantage of and some items might do better against certain enemy team comps. And this isn't accounting for off-the-wall games where you're 90 minutes in, desperate to push, and throw 5000 gold at a Nec3 you carry in your stash just to push a little bit harder.
/u/vredditdownloder
I don't know what it is, but I am almost completely unable to get invested in any gacha game story. I've played three so far (FGO, Fire Emblem Heroes, and I'm currently playing Dragalia Lost) and more often than not, I just find myself skipping because I don't care. People say FGO's story starts getting good around chapter 6 or so, but it was such a slog getting there and the business model is so terrible that I lost all interest. FE:H held my interest a bit more, but the story is incredibly repetitive and the Feh Pass bullshit made me drop it. Dragalia Lost's story held me for all of one chapter and then I gave up on paying attention, but the gameplay is far more engaging than the other two I've played so I've kept up with it.
As someone who played through the entire game, it was... alright. Bog-standard fantasy story, some pretty environments, and a leveling curve that DEFINITELY did not account for a completionist. I was max level before I left the second major area because I did every single sidequest. Combat was enjoyable and it has sickass chakrams, so if that's your thing, it's great.
Ciella is slightly more complex than just running any old 4 DPS because it usually requires someone running Freyja, but at this point that could probably be replaced by just someone running a healing shared skill.
It's possible, but if that were the case, then it's a bit odd that they handed him off to an orphanage for his early childhood rather than letting him be raised by Daigorou from the outset. It might be more likely that he was found, recognized as abnormal, and Daigorou was tasked with observing and watching over him. He's definitely not a normal demon. He doesn't have a grace and the powers he does have are reminiscent of angels. That would imply he's either a fallen angel, a nephilim, or a demon that had otherwise been changed to be more angel-like.
People are fucking stupid, more news at 11.
[Pokemon has a history of weird-ass screams for cries.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AAaX7eALAEo) Though when I first heard Guzzlord's screams, I laughed myself to tears for a good ten minutes straight.
I've done a couple runs through Cinders so far and the biggest problem I've had is probably that magic sorceries are REALLY slim pickings early on. Yes you *can* abuse the shortcuts to go get all of the scrolls early, but if you just try to progress through the game normally, you're basically stuck with Soul Arrow until Pontiff (whose soul gives two GREAT sorceries). Every other spell type in the game gets a heavy-hitting spell before Irithyll. From a design perspective, it's generally pretty great.
In a similar vein from Three Houses: "Wait, Lysithea's growth rates for Mag/Dex/Spd are 60/60/50 at a base? And she gets access to Dark Spikes and Warp? *And* she has two crests? *AND* one of the crests allows her to use most OP mage relic in the game?" Some characters in 3H feel like they have no real place, but Lysithea feels like she was created with the express purpose of being the eternal MVP. It makes me wonder who the single most broken unit in the history of FE is.
And while you're doing that, [the screen fades to white and enters into a sickass dual-tech cutscene finish.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sgYBK3I2fIg&amp;t=3m40s) For being a PS2 game, KH2's final battle is a pretty impressive setpiece.
And even though Vendrick is just a hollow by the time you find him, you still need the power of FIVE giant souls - powerful souls in their own right but steeped in hatred for Vendrick - to take him down. Moreover, if you get hit by one of his random flails, it takes a massive chunk of your health. He's a withered husk and can still crush you if you're not prepared. For all of the problems DS2 has, it does a fantastic job of setting up Vendrick as *the guy.* He conquered the world, studied the soul, figured out a way to beat the undead curse, and he only failed because he realized too late that his wife was plotting against him. Once he does, he sequesters himself away at the edge of the world to wait out his end just so she can't get to him. By the time you've found him, you've taken up what remains of the Lord souls *and even still* you barely scratch him. The Ivory King is the only character in DS2 that could be remotely considered Vendrick's equal and he sacrificed himself to stop the Chaos from spreading. DS3 makes fun of DS2 a couple times (both in the description of Wolnir's crown and the Ruin set/Sentinel ghosts in the Ringed City), but Vendrick had some serious power. He's arguably the most powerful human to ever exist in the history of Dark Souls, lesser than the gods in their prime but easily stronger than any of the player characters.
[Some may call me a coward but I stand by my feelings.](https://i.imgur.com/gwoZyhf.jpg)
It's totally understandable what happened with Kabo since he's new to dance and quite awkward, but that doesn't make it any easier to watch. He knows he fucked up and that he lost Iori's interest, but at least Iori still acknowledges he's got skill beyond his years. Bonus points for having Kabo try to do something really flashy when the song he's dancing to is "Humble." Those two had better have a rematch later on when Kabo's gotten some confidence.
And briefly after Iceborne's launch, it was back to being a terribly optimized mess. But now that everything is smoothed over and release parity has FINALLY been reached, the PC version is the best way to play it.
That is, if he can even afford her. It takes a year's salary to merely visit one of the high-class girls, and we previously saw Rihaku visiting another courtesan in the same building to get a look at Pairin because she's too expensive. I'd imagine Maomao's answer is just going to be "Dude, you can't fucking afford her. Give up."
&gt;bitch a goose is 90% the weakest spot on any animal. Well so are giraffes but not even lions fuck with giraffes because they min/maxed their necks into weapons. But yes, the goose lacks the size and general mollywopping ability of the giraffe.
I don't think it necessarily should stop writers from attempting to use the X-Men as an allegory. Writers just need to work better at contextualizing it so the allegory doesn't fall apart under the slightest scrutiny. If you don't craft your arguments and allegories well, you get snippets like [this.](https://i.imgur.com/hKMb0nl.png) You can't just try to neatly slot mutants into one allegorical box because they occupy multiple boxes at once, some at odds with one another. It's a hot mess of problems that requires a delicate and nuanced approach. Saying "there's nothing wrong with you" is all well and good when the allegory is pointed towards race, but it doesn't work nearly as well when being a mutant is more akin to a disability or a disease for an individual person.
Not just *a* Persona game, but the Persona game that is currently the most difficult to play of them all. P1-P3P/FES can all be emulated well. P4 can be emulated well. P5/R is on modern consoles. P4G is only available on a discontinued handheld and emulation for it is progressing very slowly. If you want to play P4G, you have to shell out $200+ for a used Vita + memory card + the game.
Creep-heroes sometimes have interactions that make no sense even if the spell works on both creeps and heroes and it seems to have to do with back-end edge case traits. Back when ancients first had their spell immunity removed, there were a few spells ancients retained at least partial immunity to. One of them was Chakram: ancients were immune to its pass damage but took the ticking damage. Suddenly, for seemingly no reason, the Spirit Bear was *also* immune to Chakram's pass damage. Golem is an ancient creep-hero but Spirit Bear is just a normal creep-hero, yet Spirit Bear had apparently inherited the ancient creep immunity. This was supremely annoying because you were losing 300+ damage against the bear for no reason. It has since been rectified because ancients are now vulnerable to Chakram in its entirety. You can cast Ion Shell on ancients so it probably doesn't have anything to do with that specific problem, but you never know what stupid bullshit inconsistency could be lying in wait.
I... know. That's what I said.
Now that's where you're wrong, buddy.
Otherwise known as Heroes of the Storm.
And it'll generate the next energize effect after the previous one has already been consumed. We don't know how many hits the skill does by default nor how many extra hits each adjacent team member adds, but if you can get 6+ hits without using her S2, then you could theoretically have every single S1 be energized.
I think you screwed up your first image. That's Bleach. But Oshiete! Galko-chan is wonderful. It goes a lot deeper into the nitty-gritty than you'd expect at first glance. Like when they buy some cheap, plain panties and have an exchange of just: "Period panties?" "Period panties." It's like the creator looked at slice-of-life comedies and thought, "Y'know, I could make a lot of informative jokes about normally-unmentioned woman topics. And also teenage girls being stupid, but mainly the first thing."
Except that one XCOM dev who swears he knew nothing about snake women before they revealed the game. Still think he's a liar.
Not exactly a "jam" but the XC1 remaster reminded me of [one of my favorite night themes ever.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jXs0qruX148)
Also in Shadowbringers, pretty much Lyna's entire character gets established in [one fantastically-delivered exchange.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Oy8JdxIh88I&amp;t=4m20s) I'll summarize for those who don't care to watch the video. You've just repelled an invasion of monsters, but suffered heavy losses yourself. You find her after the battle, leaning against a pillar but still doing her duty as captain and overseeing the aftermath: &gt;Lyna: "Oh, I did not see you there. Is there something you need?" &gt;&gt;You: "Shouldn't you be resting? What would the guard do without their captain?" &gt;"Appoint another. A captain's place is with her soldiers in the field. Don't pretend you're not of the same mind. You fought well today. Saved a great many lives. Thank you. Unfortunately, this war is far from over. We must replenish our ranks and shore up our defenses before they attack again. Now, if you will excuse me." &gt;*Lyna tries to walk away but her leg gives out and she collapses. You run up to her, concerned.* &gt;"I am fine. Completely and utterly fine. Better than fine! Hale and hearty and still alive to mourn those who are not! Who I failed to protect when they needed me most... We've come so far-- so godsdamned far! I could have SWORN the end was in sight! And now... Now they will never see it." Her voice actor does a stellar job and the scene really sets up just how much she cares for her soldiers and desperately wishes for the fighting to end.
&gt;Thoth's roles in Egyptian mythology were many. ... The Egyptians credited him as the author of all works of science, religion, philosophy, and magic. The Greeks further declared him the inventor of astronomy, astrology, the science of numbers, mathematics, geometry, surveying, medicine, botany, theology, civilized government, the alphabet, reading, writing, and oratory. They further claimed he was the true author of every work of every branch of knowledge, human and divine. Good fucking luck finding something interesting that this guy doesn't know, Iruma.
There's also an element of future-proofing to consider, but that plays into the most demanding game you plan on playing. A big reason why I splurged and got very high-end stuff when I rebuilt my PC last year was because it means that, for the next 5 years, I don't have to worry AT ALL about whether or not my PC will be able to run something. However, if you're okay with being a few years behind the curve, you can save hundreds (or even thousands) of dollars.
The game has been on 20k+ concurrent players for a few hours now, which is a very good sign. Personally, it's the fastest I've ever bought a game on steam. Read in twitch chat that the store page was live, checked steam, and bought it on sight. I'm curious how successful the game has to be for Sega/Atlus to take notice. I'd say it's definitely going to make a good profit for them, but how good of a profit does it have to be before they start porting more Persona games to PC?
Maybe one day we'll get an All The Warriors moment where every previous Fool shows up to tagteam the final boss and we'll get to gauge who is the most beloved by Atlus based on how much play they get.
I remember hearing [Hades' japanese voice](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vCacglwfEKE&amp;t=9m) in a KH3 trailer and being astonished how close he sounded to James Woods.
The worst part about spirals is definitely how the majority of them slap ailments or ailment punish on a unit and call it a day. Spirals like Lin You's and Ezelith's are my favorite because they fundamentally change how the unit is built/played. I understand the necessity for the simple spirals. You can't make every old adventurer unique, it's more reliable to tweak numbers rather than introduce entirely new mechanics, and you'd rather save new mechanics for new adventurers. But that doesn't mean I'm not a bit disappointed when I look at a brand new spiral only to see the "big changes" were the S1 does 20% more damage and inflicts an ailment while the S2 does 30% more damage and dispels.
Seed doesn't matter, bracket doesn't matter, only one single fucking thing matters: PLEASE LET MEGUMIN AT LEAST GET TO THE QUARTERFINALS. I have a theory. Because the contest tends to attract a lot more attention once the quarterfinals begin, and Megumin is the most conventionally popular konosuba girl, she will experience a significantly skewed surge in popularity if she actually manages to make it that far. Unfortunately she's had a nasty habit of getting knocked out in round 6 despite being the only girl in history to make top seed twice, so we've never been able to see that. I don't want her to be the sins crawling on someone's back anymore, I don't want her and her opponent to take each other down through spite, I just want her to actually get as far as logic dictates she should.
"Various gameplay adjustments have been made." *Visible shudder.*
One day the spirit of Ganondorf will claw his way back from the aether out of spite, just because he refuses to let his legacy be a giant monster pig ghost. I joke but it would be hype as all hell if a future Zelda game ended with Demise *nearly* reviving fully, only for Ganondorf to drag him down out of spite. It would be a moment of "fuck you, your time is done, I am not just your incarnation, I am usurping your throne."
Isn't PS3 emulation already pretty decent? Like you can play P5 relatively smoothly, albeit you need a powerful PC.
Well I don't vote for anyone from Konosuba other than Megumin, so...
Earlier today, someone killed a guy with two bounties on him and got both. So maybe it's a bug specifically with having all 5 bounties on one enemy.
I think it's [this tweet.](https://twitter.com/envinyon/status/1272278110822633474)
There is no right way to play but there is a smart way to play, and pulling on units you can only get in limited windows while gradually obtaining permanent units through happenstance maximizes your chances of getting everything. The opportunity cost of pulling for permanents on their debut banner is that you won't have wyrmite saved for the next event, and if the next event is limited, you're shit out of luck for the next 6-12 months. Moreover, permanents can be dream summoned if you ended up missing the window on one you wanted in particular. Of course, if you really want a particular unit, you shouldn't feel bad about pulling for them even if they're permanent. But not pulling on anything other than limited banners is the smartest way to play as a consumer.
If nothing else, it gave us [this fantastic scene.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aPulAk0nuT4) It's a complete butchering of Light's character, but also a far more appropriate reaction to meeting a death god.
You don't necessarily have to go straight through the bone. It could happen at an interphalangeal joint or you could cause a fracture that weakens the bone and you abuse that to tear it off. The human jaw is certainly strong enough to break a finger if you're really trying. Fingers have been bit off by people before. It's unlikely but plausible. Biting off two at once is a more significant stretch.
How the fuck are you gonna show off your *children's brushing assistant app* and then casually drop MOTHERFUCKING POKEMON SNAP 2?
"But she's an underdog!" they cry, as Holo consistently gets farther than almost every girl in these contests. No I'm not bitter, what gave you that impression?
&gt; Right now, ~40% of the people who have signed up said they think Kaguya will win Right now, ~40% of the people who have signed up *are fucking wrong.* [](#evilgrin) In all seriousness I'm placing my bets on Kaguya getting to quarterfinals, maybe semifinals, and then getting dragged down by the cumulative sins crawling on her back from all the veterans she's stomped on.
If by that you mean every year Aqua gets easier and easier match-ups, then yes.
In P4/P4G, you can redo dungeons at a later date and they'll have a new boss that's pretty much a really strong normal enemy. They're optional and pretty easy for the most part, but doing them gets you some courage and a decent weapon for the party member whose dungeon they're in. No story relevance, but they're not superbosses by any means. I say "pretty easy for the most part" because the one in Yukiko's dungeon fucking murders you if you try to do it at a level befitting the dungeon. This is at a point where you don't have a teamwide +defense, you might not have an enemy -attack, and the boss can just randomly decide to use Rampage, which will 1-shot your entire team. I've only ever beaten him by just retrying the fight until he happens to not use Rampage.
That guy is also programmed to specifically target weaknesses when able. If you don't have an ice-weak persona on Yu, he'll just constantly dizzy Yukiko with Bufulas.
I do love Urianger, but he does kind of elicit [this reaction](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WcWM_1hBu_c&amp;t=55s) every single time I hear him tell me anything.
I think it's less about adjusting and more about his wrists. Pat says a controller is easier on his wrists than M+K.
If nothing else, she's got one of the only two crit damage coabilities in the game (the other belonging to V!Melody), which makes her quite valuable to have. She'll also probably get a spiral in October.
P4: *Spends three hours repeatedly mashing the same buttons trying to make an Auto-Heat Riser Trumpeter.* P4G: "Hey you can actually select inherited skills now."
See, the game lies to you when it comes to elements for healers. In reality, there are only two healer elements: Boyscout and Widow.
"So listen up boy, or pornography starring your mother will be the second-worst thing that happens to you today."
I've only played Atelier Ryza, but that game does something really nice to assuage the mind goblins: consumables you want to use get put into a crystal that *recharges.* There is no "but what if I need it later?" because you basically turn your items into Estus Flasks. I wasn't the biggest fan of Atelier Ryza (it honestly kind of bored me) but I can respect what it's going for and the systems are far more clever than they initially appear.
Before her spiral, she was pretty bad. It'll take a little bit before people get a handle on how much her spiral did, but there seems to be legitimate concern her spiral actually made her *worse.* I'd wait for the numbers to be crunched before making a call, but even if she's not worse, it's unlikely she'll be able to outperform the recent Light units we got like Peony and Zhu Bajie.
A lot of complaints just come down to the fact that Rex is younger and more ignorant than Shulk is. They're fundamentally different characters who serve fundamentally different roles in their group dynamics. At a base, Rex is far closer to being the heart of the team than Shulk ever is. Shulk is smarter, more mature, and more level-headed than Rex is. However, Shulk is also more aggressive and worse at expressing himself. This makes Shulk more immediately likable and tolerable, but it does not preclude Rex from being a good and likable character.
Earlier today, I had a game where I had Spell Prism, Octarine Core, and the 12% cooldown reduction talent on Timber. That's a total of 47.2% cooldown reduction. I could teleport around the map every 20 seconds, had 2500 unit Timber Chains every 2 seconds, and Lotus Orb had 76% uptime. I had *fun* that game.
So is the current iteration, except worse because it runs out of charges.
[For your consideration.](https://i.imgur.com/gwoZyhf.jpg)
Lore-wise, the Iron Keep is supposed to be at the top of a mountain that had partially collapsed, hence the lava. Unfortunately it still doesn't make much sense, considering you look around Earthen Peak and *don't see a mountain anywhere.*
I wonder how many people have had Kill la Kill spoiled for them with &gt;!Ryuko/Satsuki incest doujins.!&lt; I was among them, so at least one.
A mountain far off in the distance, not anywhere near enough to Earthen Peak to be reached by elevator. Earthen Peak is at the top of a mountain, not built into the side of a cliff.
I think my personal favorite remix from Smash Ultimate is [Bomb Rush Blush](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qTOYsBO84uU), but Gangplank Galleon is a close second. I'm still astonished they put a goddamn breakdown in it.
I will be honest, the only reason Malina is B instead of A is because I don't like strategy games. However I stand by my other two decisions. A for "Angel," F for "Fucking Bitch."
Bastion doesn't really have it as a motif but revenge and the issues it presents really do come into play near the end. &gt;!Bastion takes place in a world rocked by "the Calamity," an apocalyptic event that destroyed the land, petrified the people, and sent everything adrift in the void. As you play through, you discover that the Calamity was actually the result of a weapon the city-state of Caelondia was developing. They had intended to use the weapon against the Ura, a long-standing enemy of theirs, but it was sabotaged by the Ura. The Ura had many more survivors as a result, but the world was torn apart in the process.!&lt; &gt;!Over the course of the game, you are trying to collect crystals to power the Bastion, which will allow you to fly away in search of new (hopefully intact) lands. You meet a peaceful Ura named Zulf. Eventually he learns the truth of the Calamity and, in a fit of rage and vengeance, calls his Ura companions to attack the Bastion and steal the crystals. He blames Caelondia for the Calamity, and since you are Caelondian and the Bastion is a Caelondian safehaven, he refuses to let you achieve your goal. Refusing to give up, you chase them down, assault the Ura base, and cut a swathe through them in pursuit of the crystals. Eventually you get the crystals and find Zulf... beaten and left for dead by his own comrades. They turned on him after you showed up, because his actions led to you attacking them and causing *far* more destruction than if the Ura had just ignored the Bastion.!&lt; &gt;!So Zulf turned on you in pursuit of revenge. The consequences of this caused problems for Zulf's allies, who swiftly abandoned him. Now you're standing over him and are faced with a choice: leave him to die as comeuppance for betraying you, or drop your weapon and carry him out of there. If you choose the former, you fight your way out and escape, killing dozens more Ura in the process. If you choose the latter, you are left utterly defenseless while the Ura fire upon you from all directions. As you climb the stairs towards the exit and your health drops lower and lower, the Ura... stop firing. They understand you've gotten what you came for - what they stole from you to begin with - and are trying to leave without any more bloodshed. A nervous Ura soldier starts firing again, and his commander strikes him down from behind. In a situation where death appears assured, both sides lay down their weapons and end the cycle of violence that created untold destruction.!&lt;
Andromeda is bad for Grace anyway. You don't stay under 30% and you want an HP dragon for bigger shields. Azazel is the dragon you want for Grace.
Right now, any Light spiral is almost a complete waste of champion's testaments. By the time Light-relevant content comes out, there will be more Light units and spirals that presumably outclass what we currently have. Alfonse's spiral put him at #1 for all of ten days before Peony released and knocked him down to #2, and then Zhu Bajie pushed him to #3 a month later. He could fall another few spots before Shadow Agito releases, and that's not including the (albeit very slim) possibility of Light getting a Hawk or Marth-equivalent spiral that blows everything else out of the water. By all means, stockpile a few testaments to throw at a unit when Shadow Agito releases. But right now there is absolutely no reason to even look at spiraling a Light unit.
Also I should point out that by "friends can help you out" he means "you can send a friend request to some rando with a maxed out Jalter that you can use to carry you through every single mission for the first few dozen hours." Honestly one of my least favorite parts about FGO was that the game just sort of expects you to get carried by a whale for the first few chapters while you try to build up your teams to be halfway decent. You *can* do it all yourself but it's a massive slog.
Honestly, of all the Konosuba girls, she probably has the best shot this year. Not because she's the best girl, but because she has the easiest bracket of the three girls. She's probably going to make it to the semifinals this year. The only real threats on her side of the bracket are Kanbaru and Wiz - a less-popular Monogatari girl and a less-popular girl from her own show - and then she just has to use the spite against Hayasaka to make it to semis. Comparatively, Megumin is just three seeds higher and has to fight fucking Saber/Riza and Holo if she wants to get to semis.
At least they're on different sides of the bracket this time. Although rather than meeting in the quarterfinals, that might just end up meaning Megumin gets taken out by Riza instead.
And Grace players around the world rejoiced.
There are a few strategies throughout history that scream "poor balancing" because the strategy in question is so degenerate and against conventional logic that it could only come about out of desperation or mechanical abuse. Example: remember when offlaners realized they could cut the first creep wave, stall for time until it doubled up, die/teleport, and then the double wave would push to the tower and secure the offlaner creep equilibrium for the rest of the laning phase? It didn't matter if you fed first blood; getting easy levels was infinitely more important. The fact that that situation even came about was a testament to how brutal the offlane role was at the time.
"Face" is in reference to the fact that they are a faced Mechon. Most Mechon don't have faces and those that to are significantly more powerful, so they're referred to as "Faces." Still not a great name.
Definitely seems to be implying that the song is what transports him between worlds.
Look, I'll take "a bunch of scumbags get outed as being scumbags" to "potential apocalypse fuel" any day of the week.
It occurs to me that I've never once used Tornado Jump. Even when I was a kid, I looked at it and thought "That just seems bad." Pretty much the only use case it has is if there are multiple flying enemies and one spiked enemy, making it so you can't Multibounce. But that situation is so rare it's not worth allocating BP for.
Sadly, the bugs probably aren't coming back any time soon. Pretty much all of them have unique skeletons, which means they'd all need to be made from the ground up and the devs wouldn't be able to make any other monsters using that work. The Seltas Queen needs *two* unique skeletons - one for her and one for the Seltas she summons, smashes around, and then eats. It's not impossible of course, and I'm sure we'll EVENTUALLY see everything imported into the new engine, but they're probably a lower priority. We'll probably see Duramboros before we see Nerscylla's arachnid ass.
I slept on Spike Shield when I was a kid but I recently started a new playthrough and it's amazing how useful it is. It's so nice being able to deal with Koopatrols and Spiky Buzzies/Parabuzzies with just basic attacks instead of needing a special or specific badge attack.
Yeah for a while I was using 2x Power Plus + Jumpman + PUp DDown + Spike Shield + Ice Power for a glass cannon jump run. With Ultra Boots that was doing 10 damage per jump, so 20 on an action command and probably like 50+ on a Power Bounce. And then I learned about the 5 max health cheese strategy. So now I'm just doing that.
I have to wonder how low voter turnout is going to get before the contest starts picking back up. I never thought we'd see a round 1 where the leading candidate of a bracket gets under 3k votes.
If I recall correctly, rank 4 is what the average Babylus student achieves before they graduate, and the Abnormal Class is being pushed to hit rank 4 before they complete their first year. It seems like the average student is expected to begin at rank 1 and grow one rank per year. Every subsequent rank is harder to advance to than the last, but the students also take more advanced classes in their later years, so it equals out. A student who does "good enough" will just coast along and naturally rank up to around 4 by the end of their third year.
It's kind of silly how stupidly tanky A&amp;O are compared to the other Agito bosses. Part of it is probably because Water's DPS is trash-tier, but you can even double up on damage on the twins in phase 1 and they STILL take forever. The fight isn't even that mechanically complex. If you know how to handle the x-beam then you've solved the only hard part of the fight. They just have a fat fucking wall of health.
Sarisse is fine if the user actually keeps a proper distance and bothers to line up their shots to hit both twins. You can pretty reliably get 8-12 hits per shot in phase 1 and 8 in phase 2, she can keep constant damage on the twins when other units have to do mechanics (spinning beam, 4x dash), and she shreds butterflies/weak points. You just need to have someone who can apply frostbite.
Yeah it'd be nuts. * Dracoliths give +50% damage. * Fafnir Statues give +11.5% strength. * The buff cap is increased so you could probably run multiple Dragon's Claws chain coabs and Red Impulse, so that's an extra 120%+ strength and more skill damage. With all of that said and done, she'd probably hit 40k+ DPS easily.
I say 110% because Siren's got 20% strength and 90% skill damage. But yes G&amp;C will probably be better.
Well chances are the two new Water units will use G&amp;C (because lord knows Styx is probably gonna be garbage), so if you get them while rolling for Cat, it's not a total loss.
That was exactly the point, but I don't think they crafted the system particularly well. The entire reason for Korok seeds existing in the first place is to encourage exploration. Shrines do that on a larger scale while Korok seeds make you pay attention to your surroundings in a more granular fashion. But because they tied a rather integral system - carrying capacity - into the seeds, they had to throw so many seeds at you that you'd be tripping over Koroks left and right. And similarly, because their durability system is designed around constantly cycling through weapons, you don't actually have much use for a gigantic inventory. Once you get enough slots that you feel comfortable (which happens a long time before 441 seeds), searching for Koroks loses all value.
Might want to wait for the hero changes before we jump the gun. For all we know, his ult could have a slow baked in now.
"No, that's the beautiful part. When Wintertime rolls around, the gorillas simply freeze to death."
I'm reminded of [Mumbo's Master of Your Fate bit](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Dq20zg1dZ_w) from Teen Titans.
Also Light's currently flying under the radar because they haven't had any relevant endgame content since Kai Yan completely invalidated HZD's existence. People started kicking up a stink about Water because of A&amp;O taking forever in pubs. Right now you basically don't need Light units for anything other than the occasional Shadow event.
