To be clear, we're talking Carson Daly here, right?
Right? I try that jump and I hit the gutter nine times out of ten.
We use booties to keep their feet warm since our babies kick their socks off constantly.
As a new, low level player, I'd love to be able to play against 80kish rain leads. I don't use most of my orbs because I'm trying to get 50 wins and most of my options are all people 20, 30, 50 ranks above me with teams that will clearly stomp me. I wish I had more comparable options; most of the time i have to get lucky and hope the person doesn't have a troll lead and fight them once or twice before they're removed from the list. I don't think I've ever seen a ratio lower than .92 and I'm usually in the 40-60k rank so there are definitely people below me. Right now I'm at a 37 streak or so.
Maybe, but the homeowners pay for everything and these are planned renovations, so it's ultimately what they want. Obviously, the people they hire have preferences, but that's human nature not nefarious.
Skip the track; it's a niche product that you can accomplish with a door board and circ saw. I don't think you need a double bevel compound sliding miter saw, a regular sliding saw will likely be good enough. I have a Craftsman that seems decent so far. Bosch has the semi affordable holy grail for sliders but it's still $600. To me, miter saws aren't meant for precision so the budget one works plenty good. Not sure if that would change if I were trimming up an entire house. Random orbit sander. I have a Makita and it's great for around $70. You might benefit from Ridgid's oscillating spindle/belt sander if you'll be sanding curves—its a few hundred bucks though. Harbor freight has a cheaper spindle sander. I've a Makita jig saw that was $80-$100 or so. Got it due Christmas so I haven't used it yet but it's supposed to be good. You can build your own router table, which will be important for furniture making and house stuff. It can be pretty basic. What projects do you want to start with?
My state's highest point is actually a mountain from another state that passes over our border. We're basically at sea level, so I sort climb the state every day just by getting out of bed.
I have the craftsman sliding miter saw. They have two, IIRC. Mine is the compact one where the rail doesn't move, so you can place it right against the wall. It slides, so you can cut wider panels (twice as wide as normal if you flip them over after cutting once). It miters and does bevels too. I've never used those features yet, though. DeWalt has a 12" saw that people seem to like, too. For remodeling your kitchen do you plan on doing all the cabinetry, or will you buy premade cabinets? For that I'd want a circular saw to cut boards down to size and then a table saw. You'll get a lot of use out of a circular saw. Get good blades for it. You'll want a table saw for making the tables, too. You can joint boards with a table saw (or a router + router table). You'll also need a way to flatten the tops, which you can do by hand with a plane or with a router and a jig since you probably wouldn't get a planer. You could face joint the boards this way too. It might sound like gobbledygook but jointing and planing the boards are what will make your tabletop look nice and flat without gaps. Most of your home improvement projects will be feasible with just a circular saw and miter saw. Woodworking is where a table saw and more specialty equipment comes in, generally speaking. The best/usual course of action is to buy what you need when the project dictates. From your list, decide what you need to finish the basement. Walls are grabbed with 2by4s, so a circular or miter saw will be necessary, but you could run into stuff that requires other tools like plumbing, electrical, drywall, or basement projects. If you added a bar or made some built ins, you may need other tools, for instance. So it's hard to say. I think your fun projects will be aided by a table saw, but it looks like they're a much lower priority. On the other hand, they are much smaller projects and can be good lead ins to the massive projects that are the basement and kitchen. You don't want to start too big and get discouraged or overwhelmed, y'know? Your first list are all things that will cost a lot and take a lot of time. That could be really stressful, especially when you discover hidden issues under the floors and behind the walls. With a table, you can remove those variables.
I'd like to move or reroute my cable internet drop if possible, but I'm not exactly sure how to do so. Right now it enters the house a bit above the basement in the side of the living room (not near the TV). I plan on wiring the house with cat 6, so I'd like everything to be located on a rack in the basement so it's out of the way but easily accessible. [This](http://i.imgur.com/IDGf3Lt.jpg) is what the drop looks like now. There's enough slack to get the cable into the basement but I don't know the best way to do so is. I'd like to avoid redrilling the hole a few feet down outside. I'd like to avoid simply drilling a hole in the floor as well. Can I essentially remove the caulking and umbrella connector and bend the wire down into the wall? Then connect a couple if I need more cable? Does rg6 handle 90 degree bends? What are my options here? Am I over looking anything? If it helps, I wouldn't mind cutting a hole in the wall there and putting a cat 6 drop in its place or something. I suppose worst case scenario I could keep the modem and router here, but I'd like them to be out of view and the media console will be across the room. Thanks for any help you can give.
I did not hit her! I did naht!!
RIP BttF =[
He probably sells them for a fraction Of what he should/could, but that's sort of the nature of older, retired woodworkers. They seem to do it more to stay busy and for enjoyment than anything else. Those toys are amazing, though, and I know my sons would love to ~~destroy them~~ play with them. Plans for some of them would be amazing.
Now you just have to go 10,000x faster and you'll be a proper sewist. =D
The advantage to woodworking is that you can make it to your taste as well. The store furniture may look pretty, but instead of a darker stained piece one could instead use walnut to build it. Then you can decide dimensions, joinery, etc. It can be overwhelming, but can be pretty nice too. With some things you can definitely save money. It becomes more difficult to do the math when factoring in tools and amortizing them over each project, so leaving out their costs can make sense, especially when you use them for other household projects.
Not to mention, you and I—even as progressives— likely value different things. We're not hatched from a mold. Even a vote like Booker's; say he did it because Pharma is big in NJ. Well is he doing what's best for his constituents? Is he trying to keep jobs in NJ? Does one vote maybe we disagree with keep him in the Senate so he can fight on other issues? He's not my congressman, so I can't say. But I will say that I don't think it's healthy or good to demonize politicians on single votes and cast them as traitors.
I actually just commented about coal in Kentucky, so if you want to read that it should be easy to find. Briefly, though, I'd answer *no, but the answer to your question is more complicated.* I think that coal is dying. Natural gas is iffy since so much depends upon price and accessibility. Oil depends on the pace of renewables. I don't think we should agree with them, but I think it's healthy to understand why people vote the way they do (and votes are often incredibly nuanced). It's natural for McConnell to support coal since it's a huge employer and source of revenue for KY, but I think he'd do well to see the writing on the wall for coal and prepare his state for renewables. Kentuckians, I'm sure, would love manufacturing to come to their state. I don't think they'd refuse to make solar components because they don't believe in global warming or some shit. In some ways, it could pave the way for greater acceptance of climate science in KY if renewable manufacturing were to start up there. So I think it's in their best interest to support renewables and try and become a haven for it. That's where I think they they're going wrong. Say, *yes, we're going to oppose these regulations on coal, but maybe let's work together to foment green manufacturing jobs here in KY in exchange for tougher regulations on coal that ramp up over the course of five years to incentivize the movent but not penalize our great state.* Otherwise you're just shitting on their main industry (and their people) and all they've ever known. Acknowledge the problem, sure, but we need to offer solutions. The country and states need to incentivize green energy manufacturing and adoption. When talking to conservatives, don't talk about climate change and how they're fucking idiots for denying it. *Think it, maybe.* Talk about how, like it or not, renewables is a huge industry and is only going to get bigger. China has been making huge investments in renewables. We need to beat China. We can't let them shape the market and be the innovators. America is, and always has been, the home of innovation. China should be buying our panels and turbines. And as a bonus, it can impact our trade deficit with China (even if economists argue that trade deficits are generally a good sign). If e want to change mins we need to appeal to *their* values not *ours*. Use their views to show them how or why they ought to support ours.
You could say people were traitors to the party, I suppose. I would probably argue differently but it's mostly an argument about semantics and not substance at that point. I think Bernie's campaign had a lot of issues. The beginning stuff I mentioned wasn't the only thing—just contrasting him to Clinton, Cruz, Rubio, and Trump at that stage. The media and the party we a huge hindrance, of course. I think the Dems dismissing him led a lot to the media downplaying him. Remember that they'd been covering Clinton as well for that ten years and the last few were a *will she, won't she* chase. Bernie was a curmudgeon with little support among his peers, not a big D Democrat, with ideas that—we have to admit—were outlandishly big and radical. Look at the fight Obama had and look at the ACA. Even with a Democratic supermajority Bernie would likely have trouble passing much of his agenda. So it's reasonable, if upsetting, how it played out. Once it became clear he was a serious contender, he was covered more, but Clinton was still a juggernaut. I don't think Bernie did a great job with outreach in the south. His message and policies would resonate, but his image less so. He needed more, better surrogates. He needed more swagger, which is difficult for an old Jewish guy (but he fucking blows Lieberman, Schumer, et al out of the water). I understand why he did it, but leaving for the Vatican wasn't the best time to leave the country (plus the stories that came out surrounding it). A few different things could have changed his campaign. His trajectory was insane, but his start was really rough and h e really never could recover. When you're losing the primary the whole time, it only helped bolster Clinton. I know SFP gave the electability argument shit, and I agree, but it's understandable too say she was more electable. Her credentials were beyond reproach and was extremely qualified. Bernie would have friend a lot on who he surrounded himself with I think (much like Trump, but different, obviously). I also don't think anybody saw white working class disaffected voters playing such a role. Clinton didn't (though her husband—a shrewd tactician— did). It's even harder to say how Bernie would have done against Trump. I think he'd have won, but I wouldn't argue if someone felt Trump could have tapped into the pulse of America the way he did—and better than Bernie. People are weird and Trump was unpredictable; Bernie had a lot of plans and views that a lot of those people simply couldn't get behind, but could give trump four years to run the US like a business. It's all complicated and your guess is as good as mine.
Liar for sure with some kind of complex probably derived from his celebrity and want of attention. Absolutely didn't be president, but alas we're stuck with him for at least four more years unless he resigns (never gonna happen) or gets impeached (unlikely). Interestingly, Trump doesn't play the victim well and I wonder what he would do if impeached and what his options are. He loves retaliatory suits and to use them to bury people, but that wouldn't work on Congress or the federal government. Quite honestly, I'm not even sure if Congress needs to Adjudicate the way a judge would. What if they impeached him on flimsy evidence? His supreme court might not even take the case since its a dispute between branches of government.
From accents alone, I think Trudeau would get away With taking Wisconsin
I mean, that's obviously not what I'm saying but sure. We should point out when he is lying, but we also shouldn't be surprised that he is full of shit; this is nothing new for him.
I suppose I am somewhat well known for looking at KS campaigns as a skeptic. I've taken a look and see a few red/orange flags. I'll respond to OP.
I agree on single payer, but it sounds like your union could do a better job negotiating. My wife is a teacher and even after a few rounds of concessions our co-pays are stupidly low (honestly, I don't even know what they are they are so reasonable) and we have no deductibles. We get these perks and lower rates by getting yearly checkups and other required screening. I think if everyone could have what we have it would resemble single payer.
Parent comment mentioned being a teacher; it's not uncommon for teachers to be in a union.
Sure, but like I said he can't fire Paul Ryan. The guy is well liked, too, since he was basically forced to become House leader. He's the de facto future of the party and can make Trump's life easy or difficult. The ambassador to [wherever]? Yeah he can fire that guy. Even people he *can* fire he has to be careful. He can't go around firing his cabinet every time they disagree (for a host of reasons). I will agree that it's a pattern in his behavior and it's reprehensible and can cause real harm to those in his crossbars. But for some the threats are empty (or worse). *Eta: I'm also not excusing trump. I think his nonsense is going to harm the country in a number of ways and his schtick might have worked to get elected but it isn't a way to govern where diplomacy is incredibly important.*
Probably because P&amp;D has, like, thousands of cards versus ffbe which doesn't seem to have very many (and no leader skill meta) I still haven't been able to get myr and radra isn't my style of lead. The new crosses meta isn't my style either. The nice thing about P&amp;D is you can be f2p and still play with whales and there's no pay2win mechanic. Whaling really only gives you more team flexibility in P&amp;D.
I'm a shoe aficionado and enjoy looking at KS shoe projects but they often lack critical features and are rife with buzzwords and poor copy. Your project is a bit perplexing to me. It's a mix of buzzwords and colloquial language, but is weirdly sparse. You just have the one Balmoral boot, right? Some questions, if you don't mind: * How long have you been interested in shoes, specifically shoe making? * have you made any shoes? (I suspect no, since you said good handmade shoes aren't worth $500) * how thick are your leather insoles and what part of the hide do they come from? * what can you tell me about the heel counter, toe stiffener, and any other stiffening? * what type of leather do you use and where is it sourced from? * what made you start with a Balmoral boot? They're not the most versatile form and most makers don't even bother making them. * did you develop your own last? Use a stock last? Make edits to an existing sick last? * how would you classify your last? High volume? Low volume? Low instep? High instep? Narrow or wide in the heel and forefoot? How's the toe shape and how did you arrive at it? * what makers do you most admire and who would you compare your shoes to? To whom do you aspire to? * is the cork hot filled cork or slab cork? What made you go for cork over leather? * details on the shank and outsole? * every maker, especially in production has to make decisions to cut costs and invest in others. Where did you make decision not only to invest in better (components, manufacture, etc) but more importantly where dirt you find yourself having to make compromises? Odd quirks: * you know you can resole cemented shoes, right? Otherwise cobblers wouldn't exist. Even sneakers can be resoled and rebuilt. * I wouldn't use the 1800s as a good judge of style; button boots were also popular and outside of niche shoe communities you'll never see a pair. * Saville Row, while containing some fine bespoke shoemakers isn't really well known for shoes, but for its cutters, tailors, and suitmakers. The shoes look good though. I always offer to objectively review shoes and boots for people on GYW (where I'm a regular and well respected member) which can get much needed eyes on a product, especially if it's a solid product. I have a few projects in the works for GYW, too, so I extend my offer to you; if you're interested feel free to PM me--i love shoes.
It's somewhere in my history, but it's long past the limit reddit lets you search. It was with an exchange with robot. I can likely find it, but it's not terribly pressing. Box calf used to be hand curried by a couple dude's for hours to give it it's texture. I suspect Buday uses Weinheimer for their box calf which is a fine leather and they try to recreate the texture AFAIK, but don't hand curry it (either embossed or shrunken, I'd guess). I've never held the leather or the shoes though, so I'm admittedly speculating here. Buday could use a secret source which is fairly common.
Always good to receive great customer service. Ron has done similar things, too.
I agree, I don't think shell is the end all be all, but I'm not sure most people think so. It's an appropriate, attainable grail leather for many and can be great to own. I don't see myself buying another pair, outside of potential thrift finds, but I don't really need any. I'd much rather have interesting textured leathers because I don't have much aside from my Vibergs.
Not to mention, DC didn't have a ton of support for Trump being pretty Democratic. Trump would need more people coming from far away and Obama's election was historic.
Robots don't require a minimum wage.
Related: same goes for gloves and mittens with a coat. Especially handy with kids.
I get why it bugs some people, but even as an athiest I acknowledge that faith is among the most important facets of many people's lives, so it makes sense that they would mention it. It might make me roll my eyes when trump says God will make America great, but (and maybe he's a bad example) a person's faith often informs who they are and what they value. I may be an athiest, but it doesn't mean that mentioning god in a speech is personally offensive. Id rather focus on policies that i find offensive and cause real harm to people.
Easy. Remove the reveries and don't give them memories of suffering. Boom no consciousness.
I think we're being a bit disingenuous, though. Sure, 10x more people marched, but there were marches all over the country whereas the inauguration was in DC. We weren't able to make it to a March, unfortunately, but DC just would have been out of the question. We'd have gone to the state March if we'd known about it earlier and could have arranged some child care. Similarly, DC is a Democratic stronghold (Clinton crushed Trump there) so there's not much natural support there and Obama drew a much larger crowd than anyone, owing to his obvious historic win and campaign.
Which could illustrate Trump's confusion. We're all looking at birds-eye views, but from his vantage point the crowd would have looked full and would have looked like it went back to the monument. He's wrong but I don't think this is as serious as people are making it out to be, aside from Trump just being petty.
Maybe, I don't disagree, but the emotions one feels at an event like that can be intense. I can't even imagine what it must feels like when you're on the fucking stage at the leader of the free world. Crowd would look like a million to me too. And people pick staffers they trust. Everyone is biased, so trumps people will spin things to him the way they know they can so he can complain so the news can cover his complaining and distract from real issues. I think we're especially jaded because Obama was especially​ careful with stuff like this. Maybe because it's his personality or maybe he was hyper aware of his position, but he was fairly unique in how much decorum he had. Trump is worse than average, of course, but compared to Bush and Clinton he's not off the radar spin-wise.
I read an interview with a tailor about his suits (I forget where) and Trump's suits always are a bit too big and tend to be shiny. He speculated the former was for comfort and the latter to feel/seem luxurious.
Do the cushions want to slide off the chair? They seem like they would drift, unless they're attached somehow.
I looked up a local place. Sofa would be over a grand and chairs were 600+. My hope is that upholstery would be cheaper than reupholstery, but at those prices I would gladly do it myself.
They did seem to do good work on more ornate style furniture. Rates were something like $125/hr IIRC which isn't so bad. But I can sew access my time isn't worth $125/hr so I'd do it myself. I'm guessing basic cushions like these, especially loose worse be a lot less, but who knows.
She can get copies of her tax return.
This might not be something that requires a lawsuit. A simple letter from an attorney could be enough to get the bank to act (or not). It's helpful to have an attorney for things like this as you don't want to be looking for an attorney *after* you've been wronged.
To be fair, his wealth is in the Trump brand and Real Estate, so if the economy isn't doing great, his net worth will suffer. Plus, I have to imagine he has some stocks, bonds, etc that will similarly be effected. I think he isn't worth $7-10bln but I think he is worth substantially more than a dozen million as others state. It's hard to value the Trump brand and how much that brand requires Donald Trump. I think there's a good amount of value in the brand and company with or without him, but I also think much of that value hinges on his presidency. If he really screws the pooch and ruins his name as an authoritarian or something (as opposed to just being an asshole) then that value could greatly diminish. But if he does turn the country around (or it turns around under his watch despite himself) then he could be neutral or helped by that. And at the end of the day, the real estate he owns is still worth a lot of money. He's got lots of debt, assuredly, but I imagine he has a tax structure to minimize his exposure to it as well. It's one thing to declare a loss to the IRS (and maybe the FEC?) but it doesn't mean that he or even his business have those losses. Taxes are complicated and with a brand name involved he could easily have an Irish she'll company own the name and license it to Trump International to build hotels with. Trump International may have 800 million in debt but hey, just declare bankruptcy. The millions or billions of other money is then held in other businesses that Trump and his family trust control.
My main, best attacker can't hit 560+ attack, nevermind a healer.
Voting records are public records, so sure. I can check if I, or my neighbors, have voted and in which elections. Who they voted for is still secret though. There was actually a study done where they wanted to see what would increase voter turnout the most, and most ideas helped somewhat, but far and away the best way was telling people that their neighbors voted because people are competitive and don't want to feel like the loser on the block who didn't vote.
I don't know, man, Trinidad *and* Tobago really need to pick up the slack and pay their fair share.
I think it depends on if you count fashion-conscious people. I'm quite sure if I ignore people I have met from GYW that I know no one who even knows what Uniqlo is, but that wouldn't be considered less well known or non mainstream here. Same with OL, N&amp;F, Hans K, Stephen Schneider, so on and so forth. Even thinking about excluding brands at Bloomingdale's or nice department stores, while understandable, ignores that those stores aren't really ubiquitous. I don't think I have a Bloomingdale's in my state and if I do it's prohibitively far away. Before I moved Nordstrom was over an hour away (still 30-40 minutes). I suspect that much of the country doesn't have easy access to lots of brands that are mainstream here.
Curious about the "even less can tell me anything about them" aspect. I've heard of all those brands but if you asked me to tell you about them I wouldn't really know where to begin for most of them, unless you're asking more broadly like, "Filson makes bags and stuff. Lots of canvas and leather. APC is French. Tanner goods makes stuff out of leather. Etc"
I can't say whether a legislator has changed a vote or not, but they absolutely will take up a cause based on their constituents. Imagine a less public and more personal version of Jon Stewart petitioning them on the Zadroga bill. Also, sometimes if a bill gets enough of a public reaction, it will get dropped (though sometimes reintroduced). Whether or not it can or will affect DeVos' nomination is anyone's guess. Every senator has teachers who are constituents and the response from them has been visceral. My wife, a teacher, is a liberal but the only nominee she had a reaction to was DeVos. Other nominees had slight gaffes. But DeVos either was purposefully combative ("I believe in accountability”) or didn't seem to understand the fundamentals of education theory. I mean Ben Carson knows fuck all about housing and while he said a few dumb things, his hearing was way less of a catastrophe. Tillerson was obtuse, but also refreshingly honest at times ("a little of both"). Of the nominees, I think you need to vote down DeVos. She has already brought controversy to a department that is generally not often thought of. I mean, who can remember a secretary of education? I'd also say Pruitt should be skipped for EPA administrator. He's hostile to the agency and will be expected to enforce rules he doesn't agree with with employees that he has been fighting against for years. Tillerson is groan inducing, but really I don't think he's worth fighting over. I worry about his closeness to Putin and Russia, but I don't know that it's enough to demand a pass. Pick your battles, you know? I think being CEO of Exxon will prime him better for dimplomacy than people think. Ambassador to China is A-ok. Perry at Energy is less than ideal and while I'd like to see someone with a science background his appointment isn't so crazy. It's funnier to me that he wanted to axe a department he knew nothing about, as if it was a random talking point he'd been given. Personally, I think he'd make a better ambassador...To somewhere. He has that Texas charm that I think works well in diplomacy. McMahon is an interesting choice. She ran for Senate twice and lost big. WWE made her and Vince billionaires but they struggled for a time. She's a center-right republican (socially more liberal). Peoe are skeptical of her appointment, and I don't know specifically what her role would entail, but she seems like a reasonable fit to me. I mean, sure I'd love a liberal champion of small business and Robert Reich somewhere in the cabinet but a Republican won, so I'd expect appointments to follow suit. It does seem like DeVos has garnered a lot of attention, so the Senate could have her withdraw her application to avoid voting her down, but who knows.
That's a really interesting thought experiment. Being a royal, there are certainly all sorts of etiquette to be followed and I wonder where punching someone fits in. Interestingly, Charles is not a head of state, so Trump outranks him but Charles is a Royal which likely means he also outranks Trump. I'm guessing that there is a policy in place within the secret service in the event that a foreign leader attacks the president and the responses probably vary depending upon severity (they're probably not going to tackle the queen if she jabs him with a finger). But then there's also the homecourt advantage of the royals and the Royal guard to consider as well. I think this would be a great question to ask the right journalist or scholar.
You are correct, however my understanding of the border wall/fence order hinges on the fact that Congress has previously allocated funds for a border fence (maybe not $15 billion worth though). I could be mistaken though as this was my understanding earlier in the campaign when he had planned to build the wall (maybe NPR?). He would need congress to act on the order though as he can't pay the extra border patrol agents without their approval. Interestingly, there was a bill during the Obama years that would have hired even more agents than Trump is planning on.
To be fair, the point of the President as Commander-in-Chief is to keep the military under civilian control. This is also why the law would have barred Mattis from serving, so as to keep the power in civilian rather than military hands. That's my understanding anyway. I don't think a president needs any history in the military, since they are often surrounded by military brass, though.
Oh absolutely. It wouldn't matter if he poked Charles or Harry; the aggression is the same (or similar). I am curious what protocol is. Obviously, they are sworn to protect and will do so vigorously, and the same is true of the secret service. But I imagine no one wants to have a brawl break out in the courtyard between the secret service and the Royal guard, especially over a nudge (between septugenarians, no less). It's crazy because it's so out there, but who knows. I'm curious if trump even has that sort of violent temper though. I also wonder if there's an implicit, hidden respect since trump is a wealthy oligarch and you don't get more moneyed and high class than the royals. On the other hand, trump may not like feeling inferior.
If nothing else, Trump has mobilized Americans to get off our asses and protest. There's some value in that. On the other hand, our new president has been publicly and loudly protested constantly since his inauguration both here and abroad.
I think Twitter's use for your average person is so niche that it's remarkable how valuable the company is/was. Even from the standpoint of following celebrities and public figures, it's lost out to IG, snapchat, etc. It's great for journalists, though. I use FB as a means to interact with people I might not normally easily interact with. We've got four kids (one as a newborn) and a couple of our good friends also have a kid and are quite busy. We're not going to call them, but FB allows us to interact on our time. I also have family out in California and I'd never have interacted with them if it weren't for FB, but we have some similar interests which is otherwise never have known.
It'd be an interesting thought experiment to consider what happens to the Capitol. D.C. is in Maryland and quite liberal, so it'd want to join new new England. But we couldn't just usurp it as our Capitol. But then what aspect of D.C. would stay as a part of the US? How would the federal government and lobbying apparatus change? I don't think that could be resolved peacefully, but then what does e military do? Boeing is in Washington. Lockheed, Electric Boat, etc are all in liberal states seceding. Does the Navy attack the coasts? Do the state militias become militarized instead of ceremonial? Does the national guard fight for or against the states? Would anyone even be willing to fight their friends and neighbors? I think the feds best course of action is to retaliate on the back end. Blue States may pay in more than they get back, but they lack the infrastructure of the federal government. Rhode Island has no military, diplomatic, or other executive beaurocracy akin to the federal government in place. Couple that with the challenge of forging a new new England alliance and nation forming and the US would have some solid advantages. Plus new new England and westerstates have densely populated areas vulnerable to an attack. How do the splintered nations fight against central US? It's interesting to think about. I'd be afraid of who would fill the power vacuum left during the civil war, though. It would also be the best time for a beligerant to attack as well (think Daesh, not Russia).
Just so you know, calling a senator or house member not in your district actually doesn't accomplish anything. Courtesy in Congress means they might forward your message to your representative, but getting bombarded by out of district members can hinder that. They also don't owe you anything as you aren't a constituent. What I would do is call or write your three Congress people and tell them you support McCain in his desire to codify the sanctions into law based on Russian interference in our election as well as Ukraine's sovereignty and that they should as well. This is actually better because it could foster a bipartisan coalition and gets the story wider traction as opposed to being a threat of a bill by a single Congress person. It can also, if drafted and introduced by another member, make McCain put his money where his mouth is.
It was a masterful play by Yates, though. She knew she'd be out as Acting AG (though probably still in the DOJ) and took a public stand. She knew Trump would respond publicly and now he actually looks kind of weak. Comparisons to Nixon's massacre are unwarranted, but the optics are just bad for Trump. He could have quietly asked her to leave via letter (as he did) but in the resulting press release, the administration really sunk itself with its rhetoric. Sure she is jobless, but it's not going to be difficult for her to get a job now. She played trump like a fucking fiddle.
His ability to get to the door, open it, and slide inside while the fsb guard is atop him astounds me. The fsb guard's legs seem huge, too.
and you can have it cook while you're out of the house, like a slow cooker. Even if you are home you don't have to hover over the stove freeing you up to spend time with the kids, clean, or just relax. You leave the room making some foods the traditional way and you can ruin them quite quickly.
All different sizes. They're 3, 2.5, and 6 months. We've definitely mixed up sizes before, especially when some brands stop printing the size on the diaper. Our infant is actually in cloth diapers which helps quite a bit too.
Well I'm not walking out to the garage 12 times a day and the kitchen garbage is pretty centrally located. Besides, that wouldn't solve the problem, just move it to a different location, like the bathroom where we can only fit about 3 diapers.
No, we have a garbage can already, we don't really need another separate one just for diapers. When closed, the garbage can doesn't smell at all. Maybe you're picturing one of those shirty plastic ones with no lid (or a broken one)? Ours has a foot pedal to open it and the lid closes on its own. It might also have a charcoal cartridge in the base, but we've never changed it if it does. We've always changed our kids pretty close to the kitchen garbage too, so even if we had a diaper pail, there'd really be no good spot for it. We don't have changing tables in the rooms or anything, but for that setup a diaper pail can be handy.
I think tubes are $4 or $5 from Nashbar.
I think a lot of people don't like getting passed, especially by someone who has help from a motor. Plus they're new and different, so you generally get two camps.
You can get decent enough kit for really cheap, too, though. When I first started, it was still pretty cold in the mornings...around freezing temperatures so I was wearing sweatpants, base layer, shirt, and hoodie. This worked fine since I was only out for a handful of miles, but once it warmed up a jersey became really handy for the pockets alone and bib shorts make rides more comfortable. He went on a 25 mile ride, so assuming he is out for 90-120 minutes and wants to get more into the hobby (and willing to drop 2 grand on a bike) then $80-$100 for cycling clothes isn't a bad idea. The real trouble is when you want to ride daily and have to have enough kits to last until you wash them. That of course doesn't include rain gear either (which you can just skip rainy days).
The strange thing is that Trump is deeply unpopular throughout the world and this could conceivably get worse for him. He could be costing his business tons of money and deals in the future if his brand is tarnished. I mean, would people flock to stay at Nixon Luxury Hotel and Spa? Domestically he might have his base, but if people's lives don't improve, and frankly I don't think they will, then what? Granted, his businesses rely on wealthier fools who will be doing well, but the little people can stop him before he ever opens his golf course, etc.
Our first digital camera used floppy disks and the though of that now is hilarious. How many photos did they even hold? Floppys are only 1.44 MB and the camera was probably, what, .3 megapixels? My mom probably still has that camera
It'll get better. 2 months ago I was overweight and out of shape and a 500 foot climb took me twice as long as it does now
Yeah, spinning in a low gear might sound like a lot of effort (so counterproductive), but going up at 60 rpm and 7 mph is no fun either and far more exhausting. Once you can swing 90 rpm in a low gear hills can be a bit easier (up to a point). Your time doesn't sound so bad. My average speed now is around 14 mph with lots of hills. Today was over 2k in ascent over about 26 miles. What might help is spending a bit more time, or turning that hour long ride into a set of intervals. To get better, you'll want your muscles making adaptations and the best way to do it is high intensity intervals (followed by periods of rest/low intensity). I think just doing a lot can help too, but that's not always feasible. If you don't push yourself too hard, your body doesn't adapt to the harder work so you can kinda stagnate, or at least that's my understanding. It's really all about what your goals are though. If you want to be a better cyclist, HIIT can be great, but might be overkill if you just want your commute to be quicker. Have you tried google maps to check alternate routes? Or driven around? You may have a longer commute or one with more climbing but with a less strenuous climb over all. This one hill near me, for instance, is a 17% grade but there are some other roads nearby that aren't as direct and can get away with smaller (albeit a still hellish 12-13% grade) but longer hills. The worst part is that it's also after a pretty long 9% ascent on my way home from one place I like to do my recovery rides that are relatively flat. So I'll be pretty beat from riding 3 hours or so and then have to tackle these three really big hills with no real breaks that take me right to my drive way.
This is good advice, but not 100% necessary if you do some research. If you know your inseam / stand over height, stack, and reach you can get a good fitting bike and there are lots of adjustments you can make to tweak. Assembly is pretty straightforward too. If you aren't sure what you want, or want the peace of mind, going to a LBS can absolutely be worth the money. You can still support them by buying gear and getting work done there which is more profitable for them anyway. I see the selling of a bike as a way to create a relationship with a customer more than anything, which you can do in other ways.
Just as a point of reference, I bought a bike for exercise because I was incredibly out of shape, didn't exercise, mostly sedentary except when playing with my kids, and technically obese at just under 200 lbs while still being short at 5'7" I took a few days just getting used to being on a bike again and adjusting to drop bars, and my first rides were all less than ten miles. I was totally gassed trying to go up hills and had to stop at least once or twice getting up the hill to my house (I vowed I'd probably never take a right from my house because of the massive hills). I was not in a good place, fitnesswise. I did a metric century (63 miles) about a week ago, two months into this and I've improved a ton, even if my fitness as a cyclist isn't the greatest, (though my first and only KOM is the hill that I was initially afraid to even attempt) . Hills will get easier, but it does take a good amount of work. I cycle 5-7 days a week for about 8-12 hours. Intervals will help with strength and powering up small hills for very short ones you can use momentum and power up them, resting afterwards. For longer ascents, some of it comes down to endurance. Find the longest hill you can and make yourself suffer. Work in and out of the saddle. Looking back through my Strava I've cut minutes off of some of my climbs and shorter segments have been cut in half. I went from being last (or close) on segments to some top ten's and lots of top 25%ile. So you can get better, but you do need some fairly directed work or put in a lot of hours.
I've seen them talked about, so I assume they're good, like the trek fx. Giant makes a *lot* of frames so they may have a bigger advantage Pricewise compared to other brands, but I'm still a newbie so I could be wrong. I'd compare specs between similar priced bikes, chances are they use the same components, so the best bike may be the one that feels best or looks best. If it's still a toss up, use the bike shop you felt you were treated better at or get a good vibe from. I have a shop down the street from me and I'm not sure he sells many bikes but his shop smells like you'd want a mechanic's shop to smell. He was also super nice and didn't try to sell something to a kid without knowing if it would work on his particular bike. Also, a triple up front means the number of cogs or gears. Typically this will give you a big cog to go fast, a middle cog for general riding, and a smaller cog for climbing hills. It's sometimes referred to as a granny gear. The alternative is a compact set which are a sort of middle ground between normal chainrings and a triple. You don't have the same gearing to get up steep hills as a triple, and don't have the same top end speed as a regular set, but a good balance between the two. Even on a compact you won't spin out at the top end until you're going around 40 mph anyway and most hills aren't so bad unless you're out of shape, tired, or they're particularly brutal.
You might actually find 25-28 tires to be quicker than 23s. And there's no harm in putting road pedals on a hybrid. I have road pedals and I like them. The contact area is a good size and the only downside is that you can only clip in on one side, but that's not a huge deal
I don't know jack about mountain bikes, but assuming they want to stay in the vicinity of the hook pricepoint of 650, would the Line be a worthy upgrade? The front suspension isn't rock shox and it doesn't have as many gears in the back but isn't $220 more than the bike they're looking at. Alternatively, the overdrive Comp (29 or 27.5) seems to split the difference and the specs seem similar. Like I said, I don't know what to look for in MTB gear, much less what to suggest to others.
The wahoo element Bolt seems cool, but is similar in price to the Garmin. If you're after something cheaper I think you can do it, it just depends upon what features you value and how you plan to use it. I got the 520 in part because I didn't want to get a budget version and then want to upgrade. The live track feature is nice peace of mind (but comes on lower end models I think?) and the size seems like a nice happy medium. It isn't really small like the basic ones but isn't giant like the routable ones, so I can see all the info I want.
Absolutely. I can see this being preferable to sitting inside on a turbo trainer, too, and while some people shit on trainers they--just like spin classes--have their place. Besides, with a spin class you don't need to worry about traffic, owning and storing a bike, maintenance, and all manner of other aspects that pertain to cycling. I don't really get the *why aren't they just cycling* attitude. It doesn't bother me how others decide to work out. Spin classes seem to do that rather effectively whilst being safe and social. If you push too hard, you can just get off the bike. If I'm 30 miles from home, even if I'm doing sprint intervals I'm never giving it full gas because I'm not going to inconvenience my family to get me because I'm a bozo.
I actually just happened to be out for a ride and stumbled into this for a little bit. I came to a crossing and figured I'd be expected to turn around by the cop but he just waved me through. I felt really awkward and like I shouldn't have been there. Told a couple people good luck, passed some people, but mostly just tried to get the hell out of everyone's way. Once I got to another crossing, I turned the opposite direction and the cop told me I looked good after I told him I wasn't part of the event. It was kind of exciting though and made me want to do the event, even though I'm just a newbie cyclist and not a triathlete. And yes, the hills here are pretty brutal. Right before I turned off the course a guy yelled to one of the volunteers, *tell me it's all downhill from here!*
I'm actually considering trainer road since it seems a bit more focused. The gamification of Zwift seems cool though.
I think it's so much easier now too, with the internet and all. When some of us were kids (and I'm not even that old) there wasn't anything to do with our money except blow it at the store. Hobbies were more or less dictated by what your parents had or were into so tools and woodworking were out for me, but we had baseball. The internet makes niche communities so much more accessible now that you can get really into hobbies or really niche handcrafts. At 17 with your first job, you can have a Festool domino within a month. As an adult, you've got a mortgage, car, kids, bills, etc and that 1000 becomes harder to justify, or you have to save for a long time. It's really an amazing time to be young.
There's obviously a happy medium wherein you buy a bike online but bring it to the LBS for tuneups and other mechanical work/upgrades. I don't think bike shops make much money selling bikes anyway. Some shops seem to be more about the biking community than about their existence as a retail shop. Sort of like how libraries are shifting away from book stacks to include other things like tools, maker spaces, events, etc.
Australia probably has other mitigating factors that drove up the price though, no? Shipping there can be exorbitant and things just seem more expensive in general. Getting things into the US should be really easy.
I mean, track and speed skating are the same thing. People enjoy the sports they enjoy, who are we to criticise? To many, cycling is boring as shit, but we love it.
Especially when you can get even better groupset for less. My bike was $700 and came with 105 (not cranks, though) and I've seen plenty of other bikes around $1200 with better groupsets. I think the Nashbar full carbon ultegra is in the $1200 range and the version with 105 might be just under $1000. And those are just a couple of examples.
Do you know what sort of power you can put out, especially over ling rides? What was your average speed like? Would you say your speed was pretty even the whole course or did it end and flow? Were you drinking and eating enough? What sort of training rides did you do for this? 100 weekly miles to train for a 100 mile race seems low. Did you have any 75+ mile rides? Maybe your body just got tired of it isn't accustomed to suffering for that long? 14 mph isn't too bad, but for flats it is on the slower side. For this course, your weight wouldn't hinder you (it could actually help) since flats are really more about pure power than weight. The other main factor would be your endurance and your ability to effectively fuel yourself for the ride.
Do you know which style you would want? Road pedals tend to have better power transfer (and imo aesthetics) with a larger contact area between the foot and pedal. These shoes are stiffer and the clear protrudes, so walking can be more difficult. Mountain bike style pedals are easier to clip in since you can clip in on either side of the pedal, or even have one side being a platform in case you just want to throw on some sneakers. The shoes are better for walking in as well if you see yourself needing to walk much. There are others, like speedplay, too. So it might depend on which direction you want to go. I was on the fence between look keo and shimano 105 since they were both $70. What sold me on the Look pedals was that they could be discounted whereas the shimano could not. As a bonus, the Look pedals are white and look sweet too. Ended up costing $50-something. I think my shoes were $20-$30.
Maybe, but for such a go-to thing for him to say you'd think he'd have done it at some point. I do wonder if NY is a one party or two party consent state, though which would make those recordings almost useless except for blackmail which would be sort of useless since the source would be pretty obvious. I don't think he has a recording system in the oval office, though. I get why people don't like the idea of them, since you want your conversations to be private, but from a historiography perspective I imagine they would be really great resources. Why did they do this? What were the various factors they took into consideration? Why didn't they do X? You might even just be able to get general insights not related to policy decisions. There are obviously lots of data collection problems though, and even now the Nixon tapes haven't all been released and transcribed.
The argument, which does have *some* merit is that they've had to divert resources to defending the challenge in court so they haven't been able to come up written a plan. I think it loses some of its value as an argument since they haven't even started and you could have separate teams handle them, but I can see a valid argument for putting all of your energy and resources into the court battle. That isn't to say that your point isn't worth making. It could be 100% right knowing the Trump administration but I think all the arguments are pretty fair on both sides. Also, I suppose you could argue that Trump's recent tweet about extreme vetting implies that they already are and the argument is moot.
If you have the space for it and buy your tools on sale, you can outfit a shop for fairly low cost, especially if you buy lower quality at the beginning and use it until it breaks. A lot of basic stuff from harbor freight can go a long way (and some of their stuff is legitimately good). Sometimes manufacturers will enlarge something for different brands. Hand tools are always an inexpensive option if you shop garage sales and can restore them. But if you want to be able to use a cabinet saw, planer, jointer, laser cutter, etc all at once maker spaces are great.
You do need to maintain a bike though; it's not totally free.
So you are right and wrong. They can subpoena him to compel his testimony, but he doesn't have to show or cooperate, as you said. However, doing so would be contempt of Congress which while technically an impeachable offense isn't exactly the sort of thing that happens. It would offend them though and cause them to lose any and all sympathy for the president, which could lead to impeachment for other things, though. Even if he did show up, his lawyers would instruct him, most likely, not to say anything especially anything that hints that he may have been involved in a crime. Congress's refusal to impeach a president at all might be a constitutional crisis (they aren't really required to do so) but even if it was, doing so over contempt of Congress would likely not rise to that level.
Absolutely. Far fewer moving parts. Even if it turned into Bike of Theseus over time, parts are so much less for bikes than cars that you could rebuild or buy a ton of new bikes and still be ahead. Our van was 57 times as expensive as my bike. That's a lot of bikes. But I also can't put four kids and all their crap) on my bike
I mean, plus pudding and donuts are delicious whereas asparagus and lettuce just aren't.
Awesome for you! But you got my meaning. I could have said anything (like shit) and had someone reply how good it is (because scat fetish) .
True, but in reality impeachment is initiated because of a crime or other serious issue. Slighting Congress isn't exactly up there. On a technical front, with a supermajority, a party could remove every appointment made by the opposition party. And it is still a legal proceeding overseen by the Chief Justice of the Supreme Court.
I've only had one, number was really obvious since I'd had a puncture. There was a sudden hissing as the air rushed out and when I looked I could see the air escaping as the wheel turned. Perhaps you had more of a slow leak, or your tires *looked* inflated when you Went to ride, but once you mounted the bike the tires deflated to the rim? Did you check the tube for a puncture or leak? This can be done easily in a tub of water. For damage I'd check the rim for flat spots and check that they are true.
Blumenthal has a long history of fighting big battles in court, too. He's probably not the guy Trump wants on the front line against him. If they're granted standing, this could be interesting, even if they can't win the legal argument over emoluments.
Look at an endurance bike. Should be able to handle all of that. 28mm tires will soften some pretty hard blows.
So according to Strava I started cycling on March 20 and put in 2 hours a week for the first two weeks, then jumped up to around 6. I was overweight (technically obese) at 193ish pounds and so out of shape that I was done after a couple miles and couldn't ride my bike up the hill to my house (around 6-8% grade but maybe a quarter mile). Strava has my average weekly time at 10 hours and 18 minutes, which is what I'd expect. I tend to ride around that with some weeks being less like 7 and others being 12. This week I'm at 5 hours and 15 but until today that was all indoors since Monday was ridiculously hot with no cloud cover and yesterday was a chance of thunderstorms. My time is somewhat limited, since I have four kids under 6 (6 mo, 2.5, 3, 5.5) but since I'm home with them all day I've been headed out after dinner usually for an hour and a half to two hours. When they were in school, I'd head out in the morning for an hour or so and then hop on the trainer some days while the baby was asleep. Weekends are a mixed bag. Sometimes I can get a couple solid rides in, but we usually have a lot going on and I don't like leaving my wife alone with the kids while I'm out riding because I know what a handful they are, so I aim to be back by 10 or 11. So 10 hours of pretty hilly terrain with some trainer work thrown in, especially for recovery rides.
Not really. It's an open question whether receiving fair market payments qualifies as an emolument or not and the Justice Department just said, no they don't think it's a problem. They could be right and could be wrong, but the courts have the final say if they decide anyone has standing or whether the president can be prosecuted for it at all while in office. There's also the degree to consider. Is it an emolument no matter what? Say I'm British diplomat X and I'm coming to NY for a UN meeting and spend a night at a Trump property instead of, say, Weston or the Plaza. Is that an emolument? What if the Russian Federation rents out three floors of the Old Post Office Building for two months while they lobby the administration to loosen sanctions? Both are paying fair market value and aren't inherently wrong, but they have a different smell test, if nothing else. Ignoring my feelings towards Trump, he was really in a rock and a hard place since he is tied up in real estate. If you're Mitt Romney you get a blind trust and don't know what you own stocks in and what your money is doing. Trump gets a blind trust and it's pretty clear if one of his properties is sold and selling tons of real estate would be non trivial in the first place. There's probably a solution somewhere, like his kids buying him out or something but even that is imperfect since he can fight for policies that will protect his and their interests.
I started cycling in March and thought I was getting a handle on all this bike terminology. I don't understand half of this comment. =[ I get the gist, but I don't follow any of the details.
Also, for a new rider, steering is counter-intuitive at speed. Unless you're just rolling down the street, turning the handlebars left will shift the weight balance to the right of the bike, so you will turn left at first, but then very quickly turn right.
I think it's the C1 maybe? Whatever is on Nashbar. I think it has a pod on the spider. My bike is an 11 speed, which would be a bummer, though it was just an idea of a purchase at this time. I read DC Rainmaker's review and it mentioned the number of bolt pattern and mine does use 5, but that's all I know about mine since Raleigh lists no details on the cranks. I like the idea of training with a power meter, especially for full left/right at a reasonable cost. As much as I'd love pedals or some other types, $1,000 or more is just too much. And I'm not sure how I feel about single sided meters.
Thanks for the comparison. I figured it was pretty comparable. It's funny because I was terribly out of shape when I started and while I still suck as a cyclist, I also don't throw it down every ride since I have to be functional when I get home. I do wonder if my ability to recover is pretty decent though, since my legs will be burning up the climbs, but I don't coast down the descents either. One of these days I'll probably try out a shop ride and see how I fare, but I'd like to get quicker since I'm still pretty slow: 14mph or so average
I check before opening my door for two reasons. One, I don't want to door a cyclist but I also don't want to lose my door to a passing car. Accidents happen, of course, and it's a real shame that when an accident involves a cyclist there is a very real chance it ends in death. I've always aimed to be hyper aware of cyclists due to their vulnerability (much like a motorcyclist) because of it.
I think that's probably a good assessment, and one I tend to consider with most purchases. I ended up getting a serviceable, but not high end bike that would allow me to do most anything I wanted but not doing any of it the best. It does take a little getting used to integrated shifting, since it is less intuitive than *1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7...* but I found that a week or two was all it really took. Different companies use different methods of shifting, but for shimano the way I used that made sense to me is that the paddle size tells me what direction it will shift. On the left, which controls the front cogs, the big paddle moves to the big ring and the small one shifts to the small one. The same thing in the back, where the small paddle moves down to smaller cogs. Then it's just mentally remembering that in the back smaller cogs are harder but in the front bigger ones are harder. I think for comfortable, upright riding a hybrid or an endurance road bike would be good options. I like endurance frames because they do give more options for your hands and more body positions. Hybrids are probably more comfortable for shorter rides, with wider tires and a more upright and relaxed position, but for longer rides your hands can cramp or get tingly. Drop bars on an endurance bike are comfortable for longer rides, allowing you to ride on the tops which give a comparable ride to flat bars, the drops which are good for descending and getting Aero, and the hoods which are somewhere in between.
I decided in Feb/March that I wanted to start exercising and cycling seemed to fit the bill, but it was all overwhelming so I started trying to learn what I could since I wanted to keep the budget down somewhat. I've got 4 little ones, so spending $2,000 was out of the question so I really needed a bang-for-your-buck type of deal. I knew my brother had a trek fx and spent $500-$550 so I used that as a starting point. I wasn't sure if I wanted a hybrid or drop bars at first, but hybrids seemed to be the bikes that were affordable with road bikes being ~$1,000 which was too much. Eventually I found Raleigh and their discount program, which brought prices more in line with what I felt comfortable with. I figured that I'd probably be more into cycling than my brother since he is a runner and uses his bike more to commute. I also justified spending a bit more as *motivation*. If I spend $300-$400 it would be easier to justify not riding some days. But if I spend $800? That *feels* like a lot more money. Add onto that clothes, a computer, trainer, etc and I felt all in. Since March I have ridden my bike nearly every day and counting trainer rides, I average 7-8 weekly rides for 10-11 total hours so whatever my justification was it seemed to work. With this price point in mind, I decided on the Raleigh Merit 3. It had shimano 105, could take wider tires, had drop bars, disc brakes, and was an endurance frame and not a hyper aggressive race bike. It ticked pretty much all the boxes and has been pretty great. The stock tires weren't so bad, I'm just now replacing them after about 1500 miles (my trainer and local roads did a number on them). I would like more bikes, of course, but I've been really happy with this one if I were to upgrade, I'd probably aim to spend $1200-1500 on a lightweight bike since it is really hilly where I live and I'm not averaging 25 mph so an Aero bike wouldn't be worth it, even if they are gorgeous. I'd then turn my current bike into a commuter/errand/foul weather bike.
I think I climb 300 feet just going to the end of my road a mile away, I can't fathom 300 miles of road that flat. I kind of envy it.
I'm not sure what the current code is, but if you search around you can probably find it. It might be RALEIGH4U or something like that. Basically you get around 40% off the price on their site. There's also a code for diamondback if you fancy one of their bikes more. For instance, the cadent 4 is something like $485 with the discount and the merit 3 is a bit above $700 I think (instead of $1200-1300). They will ship the bike to you for free mostly assembled or you can have it sent to a local shop to be assembled for around $80 but that option wasn't available to me, so maybe it's based on if they have a local partner. Oddly enough there's a shop a couple miles from my house that sells Raleigh bikes.
I'd hesitate to say districts *will* swing, but rather that they could. Remember, too, that the midterms aren't being held right now and a lot can happen. Races are all different. Plus, these are singular efforts that everyone is pouring time and money into whereas 2018 will be much more spread out. Certainly some close races will have money dumped into them, but at the end of the day as a talking point a GOP win is a GOP win. Us saying we lost by 1 instead of 11 will easily be played as us being sore losers and making excuses for having lost. Logically turning a deep red district and narrowly losing is important, but that's not really how politics works.
When do you need to replace the housing versus just the cables? Is it situational? Every time?
Thanks. I was curious because I've seen wires sold on their own a lot and kits with housings, adjusters, etc. At some point I need to replace my FD cable because it was being finicky and not shifting after a wash but when I tightened the cable the ferrule/end cap thing came off. I didn't have any extras at the time, so it ended up fraying down to the derailleur. But the housing is only like 3 months old with around 1500 miles on it. I still need to adjust it since sometimes it won't shift into the big ring right away and on the trainer it never seems to shift into the big ring.
Thanks. I'll have to look into this more. I've heard about compressionless so I'll see what that's about. My brakes are just the stock TRP Spyres. I'm hoping to get some maintenance stuff for my birthday (including a book) which should hopefully help make sense of much of the inner workings of the bike.
That could be me as well. I've been trying to build up my LT and lately trying to be able to spend more time out of the saddle (which ramps up the HR for me). My ride today was 90 minutes with an average heart rate of 170 and 55% of that was zone 5 (50 minutes) with another 33 minutes of zone 4. My settings could be off a bit as I didn't do any test to find my Max heart rate I just set it to the highest it tends to go (191 atm) which is higher than the 200-something minus your age that isn't terribly accurate either. Some hills I do run out of gas if I'm trying to push myself up and over the top (and can't make it) but that's what adaptations are for, right? For easy, recovery days I'm pretty much limited to trainer rides since the only flat road around me requires climbing a category 4 climb to get back home, plus another short but steep climb.
To be fair, every department and officer is different. Your department may not give a shot whereas OP's may take it quite seriously. They did tell OP that they couldn't make a report without the plate, but they easily could have said, *yeah, there's just nothing we can do, sorry* if they really didn't care.
My bike came with some wellgo pedals that are probably less than $20.
Rock the bike side to side as you step; it helps you put the power of your bodyweight through the pedal. Try to keep the weight off your hands as much as you can too.
As long as you don't libel or slander them (tell the truth) I imagine you'd be fine. They could retaliate in various ways, but they'd mostly be illegal. They could sue you if they wanted, but you'd probably win. Best case they could sue you for harassment but I don't know how that case would go.
If the longest ride I'd done was 100 miles I would be *very* hesitant to tackle 4,000+. I'd aim to tackle something that would take a couple days first for sure. At 100 miles, you don't have to deal with finding places to sleep, day after day of long rides, all the crap you have to schlep, the mental and physical exhaustion, etc. What sort of pace are you considering? Would this be a family trip or solo?
Another downside to some bike computers, at least the Garmin 520, is that the sensor can get wet in the rain and the data will basically stop working. I was on a really hilly 35 mile route and the ascent would just stay put, maybe changing a couple feet on a 10% climb. I think for that ride it had less than 900' of elevation but it was closer to 3200'. Plus I leave and stop at the same place, so when the start/stop elevations are wildly different I know something is up. Apparently, you can solve the problem by using some cling wrap but I've never remembered to try it.
That's really solid way to consider it. There's also cost per hour (as a form of fitness/hobby whatever). I'm at $0.41 per mile since getting my bike in March or $5.62 if broken down by dollars per hour.
I'm doing Quassy this spring for my first tri; should be fun! I wish there was a sprint I could do as a practice run before but I'm not seeing anything.
Are there places to find clubs other than the searches on Active and other places? Most of the ones in my state are either defunct or part of pretty pricey gyms nowhere near where I live. There's really only one that I've found (still 90+ minutes away) and it isn't free.
I'm signed up for my first tri, the Rev3 Quassy Olympic race. Nothing else is planned yet but I wouldn't be opposed to another race later in the year.
But Manafort's goal is likely to sow doubt about the whole investigation, not to win any legal battle. It's all about public opinion and the long game. Certain people have made it their mission to discredit the investigation, Mueller, the DOJ, Rosenstein, Wray, the FBI, etc and this is in further service of this. Maybe it's just to fuel a base, maybe it's to try and justify pardons later on, who knows. (The trouble with the latter is that state crimes can't be pardoned by Trump.) The real great irony in all of this (you could call it a witch hunt against the government's own intelligence community) is that many of the people involved are Republicans and appointed by a Republican president, confirmed by a Republican debate, but trump is claiming that this is some deep state liberal coup against his presidency, undermining him at every turn. But the reality is, if you surveyed the agencies, they are likely far more right leaning than they are left of center, so attacking them on partisan grounds could maybe earn a short term win at the risk of long term losses. And that doesn't even count morale, people leaving, etc. This is purely from a political standpoint.
I think if you had a ~$50 tier tires would fit great, but if you gave me $100 for bike stuff to buy one thing (or a pair) I'd feel like I let too much go to waste if I just got tires, even gp4000sII tires.
Especially when combined with the requirement that you change your password every month and can't use any password you've used in the last six months. What you end up with is people using passwords they don't often or never use (not technically bad) but then coming up with variations of that that fit into this narrow scope. Inevitably, they forget these passwords, request a change, and the problem just cascades. If I go to my local community college, they have Wi-Fi for faculty, staff, etc. I could use my wife's log in information to use the Wi-Fi, except it would never work the next time I go there and it could take her 10 minutes to figure out what her password is. I honestly don't know why they don't have an open Wi-Fi available to visitors, students, etc. I can't imagine having to change my password every month when I was in college.
Think of this a lot at my kids' school. The policy is not to let anyone in or hold the door. People do it for me a lot because my wife works there and they know me, which is fine, but sometimes I have no idea who the people are and it's clear they don't know me, yet they just let me right in. *In these cases I'd be visiting by myself, not bringing my kids in, for example*. Sometimes I feel like a jerk not holding a door for someone, but rules are rules and it's there for everyone's safety. The more annoying aspect (up until this year) is that every door within is also locked so I'd end up trapped inside hoping someone would see me and let me in to where my wife's office was. There's security film everywhere, so seeing through the window doors wasn't easy. It was a pain in the ass. Now my wife's office is in a different area not behind the iron curtain, so it's much more convenient to visit her.
I can confirm that the password changes become iterative. As it is people use the same password for everything, so when you have to use a password that's different, you're going to make it as similar as you can. Even if the password is different, the rules one uses to come up with their "different" password are still the same. I can understand the rationale as you explain it, though in this case it is a community college where no-one lives on campus, so connections are probably both less numerous and shorter than, say, at a university (not that it necessarily changes the underlying rationale). I went to college around ten years ago and the only time I ever had to log in was when using ssh to transfer files and stuff to my personal storage space on the network for classes (and maybe to run compiled code? Can't remember for sure). This was definitely post Napster p2p sharing but still in the era of filesharing and the like, which still persists.
To be fair, if I were to enter the military, it would be an an ice cream soldier; recruiters should offer that.
Especially when the speed is either off, way too fast, and ten times faster than way too fast.
Don't know if mine is the 100, but I love it too.
You don't have to replace them ever? I know my cleats get mangled/deformed from walking on them, so need to be replaced probably yearly. Speed play are sort of embedded in a larger thing, right? And the front is angled sort of like a ramp so it looks like a pontoon sort of? What's shoe availability like? Can you use the normal 3 hole shoes?
I was thinking more in terms of inside the house. In the shop, you're unlikely to change what you use, how much of it you have, and how you store it unless it's just inefficient (which this does allow you to tinker with). Once set, of course, it would basically stay put. In the house, you may move things around as the season changes, as kids get older, as food tastes change, as you shop different places and quantities and sizes change, as that little punk pulls down an entire not-quite-sealed tub of cous cous, etc. I wonder if there's still be a use in the garage for someone short on space where you might change the space seasonally. In the summer/spring/fall you could use it as more of a mechanic space, and in the cooler parts of fall and spring plus winter use it more for woodworking. In that instance, everything stays in it's storage cleared box/bin/whatever and gets moved to/from storage shelves to the more accessible wall. I can see it being handy if you're more of a general craftsperson with limited space too. Lots of people will tinker and experiment with various crafts jumping from one to another, so having a way to transform a space from, say, sewing to shoe making, to electronics, to whittling, to book arts, to painting could be handier than you'd think. But most of the time it's probably aesthetics plus the feeling of indecision we all suffer from. In Franks case, he didn't know how his wife would set it up, so he could make this as it suited his schedule and his wife could organize it as it suited hers. There's a real value to that sort of split convenience. In my house, for instance, it would be hard for my wife and I to sit down and come up with a storage plan for a particular space and then find the time after that to put it into action. I show this to my wife and she says it looks good, now I can go ahead and have a skeleton system up that we can populate after as our time allows. I totally understand your perspective though and you aren't wrong. Different people just have different lives.
Since I'm not sure... Is theirs a warranty as opposed to LL Bean who has a guarantee? I'd have a hard time justifying returning a well loved item from bean, since I'd be satisfied that the item lasted 5-10+ years, but if darn tough has a lifetime warranty, to me that says *you should never have to replace these socks* so if you do, they're on us.
It is worth pointing out that elections are still run by the states, so you'd need state legislatures to purge these people off of the voter rolls. Where this gets interesting is the fedetal government would presumably have to relay this information to the states, so blue states would end up with the information anyway, and I imagine many lawsuits would follow. They'd also need to provide more than just a list, since *John Smith, deceased 2015; Mohammad Abdullah Al-Answar, non-citizen; Rodrigo Rodriguez, non-citizen* doesn't exactly offer how they arrived at the information given. At least states who auto purge, as stupid and senseless as it is, can justify the removals as automatic and claim they attempted to keep people on by contacting them. Those arguments, too, fail but at least there's something to grasp onto. Something more targeted would need a whole lot more info and I'm not sure the trump admin would do that, and anything less would be spectacular in its failings. Then again, that could be the tagline for the trump administration, so who knows.
Yeah, we have a nice rail to trail path that goes through the whole state, but the frequent crossings that require slowing down (if not stopping entirely) and slowpokes riding three abreast can really slow down the overall ride. I basically only ever use it if I'm taking the kids out in the trailer, because 10%+ grades are hard enough as it is without the extra weight.
A bike park is great for cyclists if you want to ride around in a 30 foot circle I guess, but not so great for exploring that middle distance of fifty feet to fifty miles.
If it's a 70 year old Bernie Sanders, Obama could outlive 6 US presidents (who had been alive during his presidency). How old is W? I know he's older, but he also seems pretty healthy and stayed active in the WH.
As down as everyone is on Trump, and rightly so, there's really no denying that he is at the very least overweight. I want to say his physical that was released during the campaign did list his vitals --which everyone here thinks won't be released-- and those were all sort of what you'd expect given his diet and lifestyle. He was overweight, almost obese; had high blood pressure; etc.
I don't think Milo would have a chance at a seat; it would probably be worse than Roy Moore. Moore, for all his failings, at least had some qualifications and background in law (which always helps). Milo is just a provocateur and a troll. He could run, but solely as a venue to get his name and brand out there. For all the failings that conservative (and liberal) voters have with tribalism, I don't see Milo getting the sort of support Trump had. Remember, trump has been in the public arena for decades, and his brand (accurate or not) has always been about success and being filthy fucking rich. The Apprentice likely did a lot to endear him to the public, too. Also, Trump has a way of speaking that resonates with people. I don't think he is a genius, and I don't think he initially intended to win the presidency, but he was definitely smart enough and in tune with folks in the heartland to know what to say to them to get them to trust him. Milo can get attention and hold an audience, but he is also more than a little insufferable. He would lost the center and far right pretty quickly. Evangelicals don't want to hear about him talking about his black Jewish boyfriend. They don't want to listen to him talk in that sort of coy, fey way that he does. Then on top of that, you have everything he has ever said or done, taken out of context, which would be incredibly damning. I do think he would be an incredible foil for the debates, because he wouldn't take any shit and would try really hard to rile them up, but that would be far more interesting at the presidential level than senatorial level.
Good to know. I was just replying to people above who were talking about him running and how people wouldn't care about him or his views as long as he had an (R) next to his name. I don't follow him (clearly, haha) so I don't know if that speculation was based on anything.
People here may also be skeptical that you could know this is a BIFL product after a week (or less) of use. And while their (apparently unadvertised?) free repair program is nice, it's only useful as long as the company is around and TS hasn't exactly been around all that long, unlike, say, LL Bean.
I got a chuckle out of "glue". If glue is a tool, then wood ought to be too, which basically limits you to breaking wood with your bare hands and holding it together while the glue dries. I think folks on both side are a little overzealous and, for whatever reason, people are a bit harder on Chris so that might be why he was a little short with some people. You could do this with two tools. You probably won't, but could. You could build a variation of this with two tools a bit easier, still, but making this with more tools, like any project, is easier with more, better tools.
There's also the argument that they weren't worn for most of those 2000 years, so are they really BIFL if they were worn thirty times then lost in a well for the other 1,999 years?
Yup, think of them like clinchers that are better sealed.
It's also common for Americans with foreign names to go by more American sounding names similar to their own, so it's really not that strange. It's not like trump is unaware when looking at her that she isn't white with blonde hair.
Right hair color, but not young enough or busty enough.
So if I haven't completed my home gym yet, and make it past the three week cutoff I should be good then? Jokes aside, I'm hoping to get a basic setup in this weird area of my basement, but the ceilings are low, so it's tricky. I should also be getting a swim pass soon.
A guy built two houses on lots next to our house and one of the real standout features is the lack ofba basement. In New England, pretty much all houses have them, so it's weird. On top of that, the ceilings in most of the upstairs are vaulted so there is almost no attic and very little storage, especially if you wanted to park cars in the garage.
Yeah there were a lot of weird choices in those houses. They also did some dumb stuff to save money, like gravel driveways which are already completely destroyed and have covered parts of the lawn with rocks. But it's impossible to clear the snow off effectively, which also turns them into ice rinks a day later. They don't have many windows (none at all on the sides) which is good for heating, but just really bizarre to see. Our house has probably 50 windows and those houses have maybe 12 windows each. The layouts are also really weird. The bedrooms, kitchen, etc are all upstairs and the downstairs entryway/greatroom type thing ends up being this dead space that's useless (and really dark because the only windows are by the doors and covered by an awning). Then there's laundry and another odd room. So you have to go upstairs every time you get home, like a raised ranch, except it's a full set instead of the half set like in a raised ranch. Plus the first floor also has to hold all of the utilities that would normally be in a basement. There's no chimney though, so they've got that going for them I guess.
Only SLP can make a sleek black boot; didn't you know?
Right? Haha.
You know, you make a really valid point here. Despite being nominated by the community and an ever-present, erm, presence in the simple questions threads and elsewhere, I was cast aside like an old pair of Chippewas you never wear anymore because you upgraded to 'bergs and Alden. 😂 😂 😂 Where is the representation for short folks, people who aren't giants, and people with small feet? Burn it down. In all seriousness, congrats Steven! You're great and you'll do great, though I do miss our chats.
I don't think it was here, but earlier I saw a bot that posted an affiliate link to amazon links that were posted. It was the absolute worst. It was AmazonLinksForCancer or something.
Congrats buddy! I miss our chats, we should chat more about pizza and root beer. Also, I legitimately still have that soda I was going to send you like 2 years ago; I should probably just drink it at this point and send you a newer one.
To be fair, I bought some sweet Italian made cycling shoes so it still counts, I just didn't decide to shitpost them for the karma, haha. I actually just bought a pair of monkstraps from Rider and got my wife a pair of brogues. I started cycling because I needed to take better care of myself and since I have a diet that's basically pizza, ice cream, tacos, and chicken patties I sort of had to use exercise to balance that equation. I decided that I wanted low impact, so I went with a bike figuring I'd never run. I don't know why, but I signed up for an Olympic distance triathlon which meant I had to start running, since the last time I ran a mile was probably in elementary school for the presidential fitness test (which I'm sure I failed!). It's been so damn cold lately and everyone keeps getting sick, so running has been handy since it's so quick, but I still took a month or so off. This morning I joined a pool to swim (during a snowstorm!) and I literally haven't swam since I took lessons as a kid at the Y at I don't even know what age. It went about at well as you could expect, and there are sadly no fun shoes for swimming. Also, I didn't throw anyone away, I still pop in, I just don't have tons of shoes I need. My IG feed is still full of shoes though! I'd still love the black shell trickers shoes and maybe a nice rough out or textured pair of boots that aren't blue.
I know what you mean, but suede is leather. There are different types of nappy leather, too. You've got your suede which is often a split where the very thick leather hide is split to the proper thickness (imagine resawingbl lumber with a bandage). Then you have nubuck, which has a much finer nap, because it's full grain leather that has had the top shaved just slightly to give it a fine layer of fuzz. Then there is rough out, where the leather is used inside out another smooth side is inside and the rough nappy side faces out. The appeal of suede depends on the person, really, but often it's because it adds texture in a way that scotchgrain or other embossing tricks can't duplicate. There can also be a depth of color due to the various way the nap lies (like mowing stripes into your grass). I think it's a misconception that suede, nubuck, and roughout are harder to care for. I suppose if your goal is to keep your shoes looking pristine, then maybe, but shoes look better when they're worn if the materials are high quality, much like a well worn tool. You can spray them with something like Terrago Nano spray which will protect them from water. There are also suede erasers for getting rid of stains, and suede brushes for removing dirt and fixing the nap. But you can also just leave them be, [let them patina](https://i.imgur.com/B5ksYsV.jpg) and get dirty and be rewarded with just as lovely a shoe or boot.
I understand the frustration with this, and I'm loathe to defend the GOP, but this is likely a legal requirement. Because this is political work, executive employees are forbidden from working on it but political employees, like those with the RNC and other party officials can do what they want. Hosting this on WhiteHouse.gov likely would have broken the law in multiple ways.
Raise is one of the better ones, some have 30 day guarantees and I think 90 is the most common. People have been burned though, so I just think it's something for people to be aware of, especially if they were buying a card planning to sit on it for revolving sales, like the AE semi annual sales, or using them at Nordstrom. I'd feel better buying the card in the 30 days or so leading up to my planned purchase than months out. I've used these for places like Home Depot and Lowe's too. You don't often safe a ton, but it will generally cancel out tax at least. Another problem with some places is that the amounts are random and often small. I was considering a vacuum from bed bath and beyond, for example, and the biggest gift card was around $87. Sure I might save 8% on that card, but it only covers 20% of my purchase so the savings is pretty negligible. Most places don't allow you do use multiple gift cards (easily), so this is something to consider. Also, delivery can be quick, but can also take a few days, or a week if it's a physical card, so just more things people should be aware of. Not good or bad, necessarily but you may not want to look right as you notice a sweet deal.
I hate the app. I only use it when I'm using a third party app and want to keep that information loaded while I check in on the news in the Official App. I don't remember when it happened, but all of my subscriptions vanished after one update, and I asked about it in one of their threads about bugs and didn't get a response, so to see a subreddit I subscribe to takes much longer than if it just showed me my subs in the menu where they are meant to be. I either have to search for it directly, scroll down the main feed hoping that subreddit shows up eventually, or go into one of my multireddits that I know the sub is in and then do the same thing as the previous step. My app has also been crashing a lot the last couple days. The mobile site has always been frustrating to use too, especially when it takes you to a version of the comments where it only shows you a few and asks you to get the app.
For sure. Cycling is similar. Even on a team, individuals win (except for a few things like team pursuit). I went for a ride with my brother and sorta jokes with him because we "hung out" for 90 minutes but couldn't talk or anything. But it was nice having company. I imagine training with cycling is similar. Some guys and gals are fortunate that they can also race cyclocross and stuff, so they don't have a proper off-season. Then there are age grouper sports which can kinda blend the line and not ever have a real off season or rest. With Phelps it was probably extra rough since it wasn't like he was older and settled down and could just take a vacation with his family and stuff. Early on, he probably didn't have huge sponsorship deals too, right? But all of his friends were probably either teammates or folks from school who were busy with life and maybe not super close with him anymore.
So today was literally my second time swimming where I wasn't just wading around in a pool. I know my form is crap and that's to be expected--though I think it was better than my first time for sure, where my attitude was just to see what I could do. Answer: not much. Anyway, today I grabbed a kick board just to try and help focus on small parts of the stroke. My breathing is still wrong, for sure, but I'll get there. This did allow me to focus a lot on my kick (well, not a lot -- 300 yards or so). I know you kick from the hip and not the knee and keep a straight foot. Fortunately, I think this latter bit is easier for me because I walk on my tip toes a lot and habitually extend my foot like that even when sitting, so my ankles aren't too tight. So when I was kicking, what *felt* best was what I think is the correct kicking form. I don't know if I can describe it well, but I would basically do a 2 beat kick that definitely felt like it originated in my hips. I don't know how close my toes were, but I'd guess pretty close. It almost felt like a wave traveling down my leg in a way, if that makes sense. That's probably what I'm aiming for, yeah? Hopefully in the coming couple weeks I can get my breathing down pat. I think once I have to focus less on that and that unnatural feeling goes away, I can pay more attention to aspects of my stroke and have more successful drills.
The crazy thing is that democrats would have worked with him on a tax overhaul. Hardliners on both sides might disagree with parts, but you could have gotten a proper tax reform bill with 60 votes. It's as stupid as using reconciliation to pass infrastructure or something. Democrats would have filibustered the tax bill that passed, but they aren't against tax reform as a whole, so it wasn't an automatic filibuster like the Obama care vote was.
They also, while getting paid far better than most people, could get paid far more in the private sector. Given that many have law degrees or other jobs that can pay well, $174,000 is not really a ton of money. There are lots of other benefits, of course, but I think congressional pay is a really poor place to attack congress. And they specifically can't increase their own pay, just the pay of a future congress (which admittedly includes most of them), so this was considered when the law was written. You really couldn't have anyone else dictate their pay anyway.
If you don't have a prybar or an angle grinder, you're probably good. Honestly, if you don't look out of place, no one but the bike owner will notice and if they see you, just tell them what you were doing. Most cyclists would probably appreciate it, especially if you're also a cyclist.
I'd say no one going to the gym set out to be lazy, but that's obviously not true. It seems like it would be a colossal pain in the ass to me. A bar, while a bit unwieldy, would be easy enough to carry around though.
Thanks for the info; that's cool to know.
I would just wear them. Once in the pool, no one will notice unless you've got a 9" flaccid dong that can't be contained in trunks. If you're feeling modest, just wear something over them and take it off right before getting in the pool.
Not to mention, it isn't like they're going to nominate a Democrat to replace a Republican president who won the presidency. Democrats' only power would be to move the nominee to the center, and that really depends upon who they are willing to nominate and who is willing to take the job. Honestly, whoever takes the job can't have their own presidential ambitions, and has to be okay with the GOP losing the next election. You basically need a throwaway candidate that both parties are more or less okay with and who can work through the clusterfuck that happened. You also can't really go with someone that the public doesn't like, because they're not going to like a president they didn't elect anyway, so in some ways a neutral person the public hasn't heard of can be the ideal candidate.
I literally bought mine a day or two before the sale. =[ haven't even gotten box2 yet. Does titan do any sort of price adjustments? 10% isn't huge, but it would save me about $50.
sweet, I'll email them; it doesn't hurt to ask.
The person above me mentioned how difficult it is to find people who have the same hobbies as they do, so I used one of my hobbies as an example. I like shoes and boots and I've no doubt some/many people would balk at what some of them cost and tell me I'm dumb when a $60 pair will get the job done. Those people fail to understand the concept of hobbies though, and think shoes aren't a hobby or think it's a dumb one. But then everybody's hobby is dumb to people outside of it. I think owning a dozen cars you never drive is dumb.
I'm going to try this. I've only been swimming for a week and a half, but I know that I turn my head too far and also pull it up somewhat, but looking backwards might help with both of those. So far, I've tried focusing on small aspects of the stroke and I've usually learned one thing each day. A big thing I figured out last week is that I was breathing too hard. Rather than letting the air trickle out, I was just doing what felt natural and that was to exhale continuously but also with some vigor. Trickling my breath has allowed my stroke to slow and lengthen, so adding this should help with my breathing as well. I still don't have the lung capacity and technique for bilateral breathing, but I figure I'll work up to that. I also realized that, as a right, my left handed stroke is truly awful and it feels very unnatural to me, so I'll definitely have to work on that.
Watching swim drills on YouTube where they take 0, 1, or two breaths per pool length kinda blows my mind though. I know their dorm is excellent and they're going slower to expend less energy but I just feel like in the water I can't trickle breathe for that long without running out of breath. But I imagine that that improves with time in the pool, whether it is lung capacity or not (since lung capacity never really changes, right?) I'm not too worried about my left hand stroke either. I'm still getting comfortable in the water and haven't quite worked up to 100yds yet. I could probably push 100yds if I was really determined, but I joined the pool just over a week ago, so I'm taking it pretty slow and not worrying about every little thing just yet.
Just out of curiosity, what do you consider slow as molasses? I started swimming about a week and a half ago and am sort of loosely following the 0-1650 plan. I'm obviously not fast, but I do know there's room for improvement. Looking at a goal of 30 minutes for a mile swim puts me at around 2:02/100m which isn't insanely far off from my current pace of 2:34-2:40/100m. What were your paces like early in the program and what were they like at the end?
Oh, bummer. I can't imagine strapping up just for HRV. Maybe an arm strap would be less of a pain than a chest strap? Still, I don't know that I'd get a separate strap just for HRV.
**AOTD** I track my workouts with Garmin Connect and Strava (and sort of Training Peaks, but I really don't look at it). I find it useful to see how I improve at various sports, but also I think the aggregate data is fun, like how many miles I biked/ran, how many yards I swim, etc. I think having the data there helps motivate me to keep going, too, since I don't want to see huge gaps between activities. When I was first trying to lose weight and exercise I tracked calories with My Fitness Pal, but I stopped quite awhile ago. Even with a month and a half off from exercise and the holiday food binge, I only gained 2-4 pounds. I also have a wireless scale which tracks my weight. I used to weigh in every morning, but I stopped (mostly because I stopped exercising and was eating shit food, haha). I haven't been using it of late because it's in the bedroom and I don't want to disturb the baby (or my wife) when I leave for my early morning swims. **shoes** snow today, so I wore my bean boots. They'll probably need a resole sometime soon-ish.
Drag happens the same whether you are fast or slow. Do a lap with your arm straight down, then do one with your elbow at the surface of the water at a 90° angle. Even at that slow a speed, you will feel drag and it can feel like you've got a bucket for an arm. And that's just the difference between the upper and lower arm. Imagine the difference between close fitting and loose, flappy swim gear. I get the aversion to briefs, and that's fine. Even starting in board shorts won't be the end of the world, but in swimming the two most important things are technique and drag and they are quite closely linked. Once I'm in the pool, no one cares what I'm wearing or is aware of it, even me. Swimmers like speedos for a variety of reasons, but beginners have other options, too. Square cut shorts are a bit more modest, but probably still too much for most, which is why jammers are a solid introductory suit. They are, like, $20 and won't slow you down nearly as much. Get them in black and you don't have to worry about a bulge or anything, too.
I just started about 2 weeks ago, and here's what I did to get used to breathing. I do this each day when I get in the pool too just to further reinforce it as well. Also, I think goggles will help because you'll be able to see, obviously, but also you won't be focusing so much on clenching your eyes shut. There's so much to focus on in swimming that I think that will cause a bunch of issues with technique. Anyway, so the first think you can do are sink downs. Basically, take a deep breath and exhale in the water to sink to the bottom. You want to exhale quickly so there's little air in your lungs to keep you afloat. This is just to get you used to being underwater, and less about breathing. Since I'm fine in the water (mostly) I'll do this same drill, but exhaling slowly through my nose as I slowly sink. I do this as a sort of breath control drill. I found my first week of swimming I was exhaling way too hard which meant I needed to breathe again too quickly. Once I realized this, I began trying to focus more on trickling out my exhalations and this makes breathing much more comfortable and less panic-stricken. I'm still not breathing bilaterally, but I think I can get there in the next couple weeks; I think it's more of a mental barrier than a physical one. The next drill you can do is to simulate breathing at the side of the pool. Float at the top of the water with your hands holding onto the poolside. Inhale and put your face in the water looking around 30-45° ahead. You could look straight down too. You just want your spine and neck level, so don't pick your head up -- let it sink. Now trickle out your breaths until you are ready to inhale and turn your head to the side to take a breath. There's a technique to this, but I think it's easier when swimming because you won't have a bow wave to steal a breath from whilst floating. Turn your head and trickle exhale again, repeating this process on the other side; alternate like this until you feel comfortable. It's important that you turn your head and don't pick it up. If you had an imaginary line/string flat against your back/neck/head it shouldn't be moved by your breathing. As you swim for real, ideally you'll keep half of your head in the water, one goggle in and one goggle out. When you turn to breathe you can also sort of look back a little too. As a beginner, you're going to be picking your head up though and doing everything wrong until it kinda clicks and you graduate to over rotating so you can take a breath, and then you'll start to really dial it in. It just takes time.
The parent could have the child focus more on competing against them self, rather than the other kids. Not every race will be an improvement, but work ethic means getting in the pool and seeing results. That could be a faster time, but it could also mean more endurance, more joy, nailing a particular aspect of technique, socializing, etc. Focusing on winning, or qualifying for something could be a bridge too far, because you don't know how long those other 9 year olds have been swimming, what sort of support they have, etc. Maybe they're going to be burnt out by 12-15, but focusing on their son's swimming career is really more of a long term goal, which means making sure they enjoy it and don't get discouraged.
IM can be really fucking expensive, haha. If a race sells out--which can often happen quickly with popular races--the only option is to enter as a charity racer which costs twice as much as the most expensive price. One way to qualify for the Kona World Championships is to have done a certain number of IM races -- something like 10 -- so it can be stupidly expensive. Now so many people have qualified that way that you are put into a lottery where you gain entry within a few years.
Good point! I'd forgotten about the family room that I used with my daughter for a couple pool parties. I get there at 6 and leave at 7, so there's usually no one there when I get in, sometimes someone when I leave. I just use a corner locker, stare at the corner, and try to keep covered. It's just a bit or a sick, so it doesn't bother me, I was just surprised from not expecting it, lol. Last time I was in a locker room was high school and I definitely never got naked.
Considering the courts have ruled on gerrymandering before, including sitting members of the SC, I don't see that argument getting very far. If they made that argument to the court, I think you'd see an 8-1 decision. If they argued the merits of their gerrymandering, it would be much closer, but I'm not sure they'd overrule the state Supreme Court, especially on this lame brained constitutional issue. This guy is basically saying that the courts don't have the jurisdiction to weigh in on something that the courts found violated the state constitution.
What sort of rides and runs are you doing? Week 4 of training plans can be a hard week before a rest week, so that can be part of the problem. One thing you mentioned that's important is your job. You're on your feet 6 days a week and this is still causing stress on your body. It may feel like recovery, since you aren't exercising, but it's not. Then there's all the other stressors associated with work and other aspects of life. Either way, you may be pushing too hard, or the plan may not be periodized properly. Generally you want a mixture of high on-demand lower intensity work, so if you're pushing really hard every day, your body isn't really getting a chance to recover. You might have Monday completely off, Tuesday am swim and interval bike, Wednesday tempo run &amp; easy bike, Thursday am swim &amp; interval bike, Friday speed work run, Saturday long easy run &amp; interval bike, Sunday swim &amp; long easy bike. Something like this has you working 6 days per week, but not accumulating lots of high stress work. You can have a hard bike one day and then the next day do some active recovery to help with your base. You can also not cycle at all and fully recover. You can also adjust the number of bikes, runs, and swims, too. Generally you'll be doing 3-4 weeks of work that gets progressively harder and then a rest week with lower volume, but still a reasonably high intensity.
If you're looking for something a little less scientific with an N=1, my first race is this week and I've been eating eggs, yogurt, pizza, tacos, peanut butter, cheerios, and ice cream. So that's another option for fueling.
The windy paths are to avoid drop bears; OP ain't coming back.
Yeah, but ~~it's not illegal~~ you didn't spoil dinner, because you forgot about the asparagus (underemployment) that kinda ruins the dinner.
People could also argue that while roads may have been initiated for bicycles, they were expanded and enhanced for automobiles, otherwise you wouldn't have speed limits of 40, 50, 60 mph. They could go further and argue, we'll should horses also just wander the streets getting in our way too? It would be madness! I don't think this is the way to have this conversation, but instead to focus on how the road can be shared so that both sides are inconvenienced as little as possible. We don't want to hold up traffic, get hit, get accosted, or anything like that. 99.9% of drivers don't want to hit us and could not care less what we do, they just want to get to their destination. There are solutions, it's just complicated to change a culture. We all get annoyed when we get caught behind a school bus, slow driver, or tractor. Bikes are the same way, we're just more vulnerable and, being smaller, cars can try to pass us closer than they should. I don't fault road engineers for not creating roads that suit both cars and bikes. Not everywhere sees many cyclists and you want roads that suit 80% of the traffic -- you don't design for the margins like rush hour. But on the other hand, when you design a road, traffic tends to adjust to fill it up, so creating special bike routes and bike lanes separated from cars could lead to more cyclists. The trouble is folks may not vote for that big budget increase since it's not something most of them would use, similar to how older populations tend to vote down school budgets.
No, but plenty of times they will say so you don't have to ask. If you're a footwear company selling $700 shoes, you're going to list the tannery. But you can also ask, most places aren't super secretive until you're at the luxury brand end of the spectrum like Hermés. It can also be well known information, too. RedWing has their own tannery, SB Foot which means they can cut out a fair bit of cost associated with sourcing leather which is why they're a solid value in the $400-$500 range. Dayton uses known sources and, historically, if you asked they would tell you in they knew. But when Andrew was there, he also had a habit of picking up random hides from suppliers too. Alden is one of Horween's biggest customers (if not the largest). Allen Edmonds is another huge customer. Generally the smaller the maker, the better the leather and better your chances of getting that information. I have two pairs of shell dundalk boots from Rider Boots. My first pair is from a tannery he was trying out and wasn't too keen on afterwards. My boots tore, so I was able to get a replacement made in Horween shell. Bespoke makers would probably tell you, since you specify everything, but most often it will be a crust leather that they dye themselves. Some leathers are very well known to come from only certain sources. Museum calf would be from Ilcea. Russian hatchgrain was actually salvaged from a shipwreck with only certain makers having access to. Now there are tanneries who make their own hatchgrain. Then you have exotics which tend to come from specialty tanneries or dealers especially because some species require paperwork to even be sold. Lots of times, what tannery a brand uses is a selling point *Hey look, we're using Horween leather who are the best tannery in the US, being a family owned business for over 100 years!*. Other times you won't know because the brand is cheap (in which case it really doesn't matter anyway) or very expensive (in which case, you know it's good, they just don't want their competitors to know). It's really only important in that middle price range of $300-$800 or so where you can inflate your prices and use buzzwords to make your shoes seem better than they might be. And leather is just one aspect of the story. Who makes them? How are they made? What level of care goes into the shoes and business? How responsive are they? Etc. Wolverine is the largest shoe conglomerate in the US -- would you expect the same level of care goes into their shoes as someone who makes 200 pairs per year? Wolverine has more second quality shoes than that in a month, probably.
Sort of. But you were arguing that exercise doesn't help to lose weight when it absolutely does/can. If you're riding 50-60 or 80 miles -- you're not likely gaining weight that day. Look at grand tour riders at the beginning versus the end of a tour. These guys are more on top of their nutrition and food intake than anyone and they still lose weight. Of course you can lose weight with diet alone, nobody would argue that. However, there is a study I'm vaguely familiar with where simply eating less probably wouldn't work. If you're at a deficit, use your example of 500 Calories, every day that's 3500 Calories per week, roughly 1lb of fat. Do this for two years. Have you lost 100 lbs? Of course not, because you body adjusts and can adjust remarkably quickly. Your body realizes fairly quickly, *oh, this is my new fuel intake now, I better adjust my basal metabolic rate to compensate*. This is also why weight loss is so hard for a lot of people (not to mention counting calories and portions is difficult).
We have two balance bikes and the kids are far more interested in every other rideable thing we have instead. They will all hop on the oldest's bike with training wheels too because they just like pedaling.
I agree that some Chinese stuff is good; I've got some Chinese kits and sunglasses that are pretty solid for instance. I don't have carbon wheels, but would love some, and would probably get some Chinese wheels unless I found a solid branded clearance set. I've seen Mercury and Profile Design wheels at pretty competitive prices. Wheels, like anything, is definitely a lot about branding, but the TrainerRoad guys are doing a Time Trial and they really seem to like their Enve wheels. But as it relates to cost:performance, the top end wheels aren't worth it unless you're at a point where the tiny marginal gain is worth the huge price tag. For most of us, a mid tier wheel like Flo or Elemental would be more than sufficient and even lower end Chinese is likely fine. I think people get nervous when it comes to the really cheap stuff like $300 wheelsets. As for catastrophic failures, I understand the hesitation people feel. It's the only part that touches the ground and nobody wants their wheel to blow up bombing down a hill at 45mph. Is a $2,500 wheelset never gonna explode? No, branded carbon breaks all the time too. But buying from a brand with a reputation to protect can be more confidence inspiring that a random Ali Express storefront that closes and reopens with a new name every month. I'm not gonna lie but I'd love a set of Lightweight wheels. Honestly, I don't even care if they're the fastest, I just think they are ridiculously cool looking, and sometimes that's the most important factor at play, isn't it?
Did my first today too and it was a blast!
You can have a phone on you but it cannot be turned on per USAT rules, so you can't use it for tracking -- it's for medical emergencies. Using a phone on your bike handlebars for Strava or whatever is one of the easiest penalties you can get.
Flights to Hawai'i from the mainland are around $1,000 from the East Coast (maybe less from the west coast). Hotel costs can add up, especially around the WC I'm sure. Definitely won't be cheap and I'd guess setting aside $5k doesn't sound out of the question. The more family you bring the worse it will get.
I've got some too, and some other Chinese kit I think? Most of it I haven't worn a ton because I was mostly after cold weather gear and I didn't ride much over the winter, but the stuff I've worn has been pretty solid and the stuff I haven't seems pretty well made. I wear a knock off Wiggins team kit the most and it looks the same as when I got it after a couple months of trainer rides. The bib shorts, which I was worried about, have been comfortable so far too.
180 watts at 130 HR isn't low, man or woman, especially since you have none of the important information like actual threshold power, weight, etc. They could weigh 140 lbs and have an ftp of 320 with those stats. Or not.
I don't disagree with the sentiment, but if they knew the race photographer was there, maybe they dropped onto the top tube for the photo.
This is similar to a pretty noticeable design flaw with the 520. The barometric altimeter is on the bottom front of the unit, which means that in the rain the tires throw rainwater at it nonstop. Once water gets into the small hole, it essentially stops counting ascent and can't ascertain grades anymore. I'll have a rainy ride read as 600'of ascent and then correct it in Strava and it's 4,500'. I think tape or cling wrap will solve it but I never remember to do it and don't feel like I should have to. But it's definitely annoying.
It depends on what features you value and what your budget is. You can save money using a wheel on trainer, but it's a huge hassle to switch out tires. A spare wheel can make it quicker though. Direct drive is quieter, easier, feels better, and costs twice as much ($1,000-1,200). Some people need a quiet trainer because they live in apartments or have a baby close by. I personally wanted a smart trainer so I could control the resistance from my Garmin, but also to pair up to apps if I decided I wanted to use any. I use TrainerRoad now and having everything be automatic makes training so much easier. You can save some money getting a manually adjusted trainer. Finally, do you need power? My trainer would be useless as a means to warm up before a race because it requires power. (but there are ways to deal with that). Does portability matter? Wheel-on tend to fold up, but direct drive are pretty big. DC rainmaker has a very thorough guide that can help steer you in the right direction.
You can cycle and run no problem, triathletes do it all the time. I found that if I had any pain from running that it didn't hurt cycling, so they pair well together. I'm still a little sore from a race on Sunday but I hopped on the trainer last night and I was only aware of the soreness right at the end of the ramp test. It also depends on how you cycle. Leisurely rides on the flat? No problem at all and could be good active recovery. Just make sure you're spinning higher RPMs so you're not taxing your muscles.
It's entirely possible your card info was stolen, they flagged it, and are sending you a new card and you jumped to the data breach conclusion.
I was really surprised with the 10k leg of my race on Sunday. I'm not fast at all and have never run an official 10k--my Strava PR is a day I was doing some track intervals months ago. I'd actually been really slacking lately with mpw and distance only running 10k a couple times. I ended up busting out a sub 9:00 average pace and that included walking up a bit of a sharp steep hill for a couple minutes, and honestly I wasn't expecting it since I hadn't run that fast in a long time.
It's about a 4:1 ratio for Calories burned, but it's more complicated than that. Where I live I'm not running on a flat grade, ever, unless I'm on a track, for example. The different endurance sports are just that: different. Cycling is the least efficient, but you can cycle 12 hours no problem. How many years does it take to build up to that sort of swimming time? Even just swimming 3 hours straight. And again, you can cycle really hard too and climb mountains. Running is hard on your joints but easy to do. Swimming is easier on your body, but can still lead to injury if your form is bad.
15 years ago how many people ran marathons? How many people run them now? Tons of people do them for the sake of doing them now. If you were to look at ironman finish times I wouldn't say people are slower because more people do them at 16 hours to say they did it. You look at the competitive folks. Do you think 4 hour marathon runners are using all the stuff you talk about in your OP?
&gt; bring friends and family to watch if you can. I just finished my first race (an Olympic) and it was definitely nice having my family there. They were all super proud and supportive and it's nice, but while I don't feel like it was an accomplishment, the support is great. Last night my wife did make a good point that where I am now versus a year ago has been a big change, and I see that as the larger accomplishment. All that aside, what made having my family there so nice is that the weekend was actually quite lonely. There's all the race expo/bike check-in/practice swim stuff and I'm not a part of any clubs so even though there were 1700 people racing, I still felt pretty lonely. I did see one person I knew when heading out for my practice swim and another person when I was checking in my bike but both of those encounters only lasted a minute or two. I might join a tri group just for that camaraderie, even if I can never train with them.
Is Lake Placid the hardest? I'm a long way away from wanting to do a full but being in New England it's one of the closest. Is it mostly that it's just hilly whereas others are flat? My first race (Olympic) on Sunday was 1870'of climbing and the run was 460'. I think the half run was around 1120' of climbing, so hills aren't too upsetting for me. Another one I'd like to do at some point is Barrelman at Niagara Falls.
Sounds like he is complaining about the number of signs and the waste of money, not complaining about cyclists. In this letter he doesn't complain about cyclists at all.
Nobody argues that Garmin is better than wahoo or vice-versa. The consensus is always that they are roughly equivalent and that it's a matter of preference. Each has pros and cons. Just to pick out two relevant complaints you point out above -- I don't even know what the battery life of my 520 is but it has never held me back. I charge it maybe every 14 days when riding outdoors at my peak? That's definitely not inconvenient. The UI isn't impossible to navigate and I can get to what I need quickly even after not using it all winter and fall. Performance has been fine. It uploads before I get inside and there's not much else it needs to do. GPS acquisition is essentially instantaneous. It loads routes within seconds. Turn by turn works well too. Wahoo is definitely prettier, though.
Or being able to change rest days and things like that and have it dynamically adjust. For instance, it can be hard for me to do the long rides on Saturday because I have obligations I can't get out of every other Saturday. Sometimes Monday isn't the best off day. Etc. In the podcast, they talk about how you can modify the plan, but it would be great (especially for new folks) to have it automatically adjust based on their schedule.
I think it's just an awareness thing and it being different. You aren't seeing two dudes kiss all the time, so when you do see it you *notice* and see it as something slightly foreign to what you expect. When you see someone in a wheelchair without a limb, you probably do something similar. Or if you see someone with Downs Syndrome. It's not that we think anything less of these people, it's just that they differ from what we are used to seeing and we pay more attention when we do see them. I'm guessing you don't see a lot of girl on girl in passing during your day, but I imagine you've seen plenty of it, *ahem, elsewhere*, and so you're desensitized to it having that foreign feeling.
Right. He did sanction a pre-approved list of people basically copied from their official government page and, uh, he has said he's been hard on Russia so we can't ignore that. Then there's, ah, there was that time when he said *No puppet, you're the puppet.* and that was both presidential and tough on Russia. Also, none of his wives have been Russian and I think we are all overlooking that -- Trump clearly prefers other eastern European countries. So basically Russia's worst nightmare.
A road bike is more versatile and not necessarily much slower in a race. Maybe if OP were just gonna race and sit on the trainer and do a few solo outdoor rides, then a tri bike is the right call, but if you want to do more exploratory riding, ride with groups, etc then a road bike is the right call, even if it's slightly slower.
You'll know when you're done with the ramp test because your power will drop and then shortly after you just won't be able to pedal at all anymore; it's quite remarkable how quickly you can crumple on the ramp test. It will continue adding 1 minute intervals forever, so hypothetically if your ftp was 1200 watts because you're actually a gorilla and you set your ftp at 209 watts because, gorilla brain -- you'd be in for a long ride. Then after you blow up, take a few minutes to recover and start the warm down and accept/reject the suggested new ftp.
Run more in volume but less at once. Injuries are from overextending yourself and poor form (which happens when you push too hard or too far). You can run every day for not very long and have better workouts than trying to run a bunch of miles in one or two sessions. If you're not running very long, you're also less likely to get injured while building good habits. Think of it this way. You can run for 45 minutes and run about 5 miles or you can run 3x per week for 15 minutes. Are you going to get tired in 15 minutes? Will your form suffer? Are you still getting those 5 miles in? Is it more of a pain to find 15 minutes in your day or 45? Then as you progress, you can draw these short runs out until they're ~30 minutes each. Now you're at 90 minutes and maybe 10 miles. Switch your runs back to 15 minutes, and add a day running for 45 minutes for your long run. Keep this process up adding time + days and you'll probably stay injury free while slowly building your mileage up. Every 6 weeks or so drop your volume down for a week for a recovery week (same number of days, but maybe drop each run down by 10-15 minutes or so)
&gt; "Adrenaline began rushing through my veins as I prepared to ~~return my opponent's serve.~~ enter the abyss. All of a sudden, the ~~tennis ball zoomed across the court,~~ scrum of swimmers catapulted themselves over me, ~~blistering deep into my forehand wing.~~ pushing me ever further into the murky dephs below. ~~Eyes on the ball, I rapidly shuffled over to the right as the energy stored in my calf muscles channeled into my arms.~~ The grit of the sand now entering my mouth reminded me that triathlon is about resilience, so I decided, *I won't drown in this lake today* and I started swimming. First, in the wrong direction, because of that aforementioned adrenaline, then more or less in the right direction as I zig-zagged through the lake praying that my mind or body would not give up before I found myself back on the beach, struggling to stay upright. In a split second, well, actually more like 3 minutes *-- transitions are hard!* ~~I whipped my racquet through the air, smacking the ball right on the sweet spot.~~ I was on my bike, ready to roll. 56 miles of pure, unadulterated speed! *Fuck these guys are fast. Okay, 56 miles of reasonably acceptable speed!* ~~The ball soared over the net to the other side, landing only to briefly graze the baseline.~~ God damn it, I got a flat. Who left that shrapnel in the God damned road? Oh well. Resilience, right? Not gonna let this get me down, 43 miles to go! And so I was off. Again. I settled in to a place and found my groove, storming up the hills like the jolly green giant. Then out of nowhere this truck buzzed me a little too close *Asshole*. Normally this would sour my mood but today it fuels me; it pushes me faster. Oh, that's actually that adrenaline again. But it helps. I catch up to that grade-A shitbird and triumphantly flip him off. Today is a good day. ~~Triumphant, I flashed a smile as the ball smoked past my opponent and slammed soundly into the fence."~~ I roll in to T2 fresh as a steaming pile of shit I'd like to stuff in that trucker's cab on this sweltering summer afternoon, rack my bike, and dash out onto the run course. 13 miles to go. 13 miles separates me from Tony Stark. Well that and billions of dollars. And striking good looks. But I'm doing it, what did he ever do besides get in a fight with Captain America? I steamroll these last 10 miles being chased by people in dinosaur costumes, panda costumes, throwing water on my head and making sure I don't eat chafing cream from an aid station in my fugue state. Half a day later, I crawl across the finish line (not literally, since it's against the rules), dehydrated, sore, hungry, and utterly destroyed condemning myself to never do this again. &gt; And then as I recover and catch my breath, I start looking for next season 's race because it's an addiction and I probably need some help.
How about getting someone from running 9:00 miles to 6 minute miles (over longer distances)? *Asking for a friend*
I ran 1 mile all out yesterday at 6:39, so it seems crazy to hold that pace for 90 minutes, but I also know that in time it's not out of the realm of possibility.
The advantage to pool toys like a snorkel, pull buoy, etc is that it allows you to focus on the mechanics you're talking about. What's easier to focus on the catch and pull: standard front crawl, or using a snorkel and pull buoy? With the toys, you can focus 100% on your catch and pull and your proprioception is much higher as well. Really drill those movements in, making any adjustments you feel are necessary, and then remove a tool. Do this for awhile and remove the last tool. Paddles are unnecessary for a beginner, with perhaps the exception of something that helps you create a paddle with your arm. Gerry Rodriguez has one he likes. Finis has one that seems like a huge pain in the ass to get on and off, and there's also the fulcrum, I think. Anyone who is a beginner is aided by tools, I think, especially if they aren't taking lessons. Drills can help, but can also be a waste of time, especially if you don't know how to do them properly or what their purpose is. Beginners are overwhelmed as it is, with a million things to focus on and being in an unnatural position, so scaling everything back and focusing on small facets of the stroke are superior, in my mind. You do rotation drills and, sure, there's a purpose, but a newbie may not realize what it is (or do it right). You strap on a snorkel and use a pull buoy and it's evident what the focus is: the part of the stroke you're doing, how your movements affect pace, etc.
Trudeau is better looking than Trump which intimidates him, and Trudeau's wife is more attractive than Trump's wife so he is jealous. Hell, maybe Trump tried hitting on Trudeau's wife and got shot down and this whole NAFTA/EU trade war is because Trump is butt hurt. I mean, that's all ridiculous, but there's no logical explanation so we might as well run with this version. A trade war with our closest allies does nothing for us in the long term, and even in the short term is extremely risky. Maybe trump hopes they roll over and we get a supremely awesome deal, but it's not like you can bully the entire European Union and it's not like we don't require imports from Canada; where else will we get our bagged milk?
I'm pretty much with you. The different sexes have different advantages and disadvantages. I'm personally fine with whoever competing in whatever, as long as it doesn't turn out to be where a MtF just wipes the floor with the competition (in whatever sport) a la the classic (and perverse) movie, Ladybugs. I think that's my main issue and why I'm hesitant to discount the *yeah, but guys and girls are different* argument. Some people are of the mentality that males are superior, so it's unfair -- which is fucked. I just don't want it to be a thing where the MtF does really well and wins everything because that sucks for everyone or where any time they do win the only thing people say is, *yeah, but it's a dude, of course they won*.
Especially Dowd, who was acting as WH counsel, not as Trump's attorney.
Mo Farah falls forward way faster than all of us though, so there's more to it for sure.
My wife is a preschool teacher and so I'm generally pretty involved with the school. We see tons of kids come through. People talk about choice and all that stuff, or how it isnt something you're born with. This story is anecdotal, but it's one I regularly return to. There was this little boy. Total turd. School couldn't handle him. Parents couldn't either. Nothing really *wrong* with the kid, but he was just a constant unhappy nightmare. The parents pull him from the school and next year the child returns as a girl (just as a visitor). The kid has completely flipped. She is well behaved, *happy* joyous, and living life completely normally. A lot of people would scoff at the idea of letting a 4-5 year old dictate their gender identity, but it's just as ridiculous for an adult to tell a child who they are. Any one of us would probably be fucking nightmares if we felt like a girl trapped in a boy's body (or vice-versa). But the irony is, those same people would say, *They're too immature to know this, they should wait until they're older* and then be upset like the other commented here that the boy with long hair is cheating and destroying all the girls. So unfair, yadda yadda. Probably more unfair for the athlete transitioning, I have to imagine.
Not necessarily, it just depends on why OP is stopping at 2 hours. Rowers are aerobic powerhouses, so it seems fair to assume a reasonable base (and OP did mention elsewhere a Max HR of 210+). OP might just be getting uncomfortable at 2 hours, have muscular fatigue, be bored, or any number of issues. I can definitely ride for over 4 hours. I could probably do it on a trainer, but I would absolutely prefer not to. I think 130bpm is in the ballpark of where OP would want to be for a 3-4 hour ride, so I wouldn't adjust it much. Elsewhere OP asked if they should ride at 100 bpm which illustrates this, since I think 100bpm would be too low and could end up just being junk miles.
My cadence is generally something like 105 unless I'm on hills, then it's probably around 85 unless it's one of the many obnoxious ones that I can barely pedal hard enough not to fall over and walking would easily be quicker.
This is one thing that's great about triathlon. There are, of course, the super lean crazy fit folks, but there are also more lumpy people. In a sport that tends to take itself pretty seriously, a lot of people just do their own thing. What other sport sees you pass a competitor and they cheer you on? On another note, I raced my first race a couple weeks ago and if it weren't for the BOP folks, that's where I'd be. I'm not fast, a year ago I didn't swim or run and had just bought a bike; I'm average at best. But the people slogging it out there for the long haul like a 5 hour marathoner (which would totally be me by the way) are just as motivating as the folks on the podium.
I would definitely rinse your hair fairly thoroughly after each swim in the pool shower, just to get the chlorine out. That may be enough, I'm not sure. I suppose you could test it. It's also possible you could wash your hair each time and then when conditioning your hair, also adding in some sort of oil if your hair and scalp are very dry. There are probably products for it. I'd just experiment.
It would be great if they all attacked like in a movie, but they're clever little people and will scatter in all directions, so it becomes a game of prioritizing relative danger levels. Standing on top of a cozy coupe while you're brother pushes it down a hill? Yeah, that's pretty dangerous, but the baby is running towards the road and that fucker is *fast*. Cozy coupe kid will be fine. Hopefully. 🤞
Seems like a solid option. With sprints, you don't really need a tri bike, so an Aero road bike is plenty fine. On top of that, you can ride this bike in group rides and other stuff in relative comfort. If you decided to up the distance down the line, Aero bars can get you pretty close to a dedicated tri bike. If you were going to do full distance events, a TT bike might be better, but you could use this bike up to 70.3 no problem but also for fondos, group rides, etc. It should last you more than 4 years, too.
Oh okay. I'm in the US, so I can't say. We do tend to be... Er... Bigger. So it could be relatively unique to us. Probably not seeing Kenyan clydesdales.
Sometimes you want to ride more than 2 miles.
I'd say this depends on your goals and if you want to buy a bike and be done with it. Me personally, I'd skip the specialized. I feel like $2500 for 105 is a whole lot of money and while 105 is great it seems a bit much to me. Those two colorways are also less attractive IMO. The canyon is solid. Same with the Trek. A Trek you could try out locally, probably, but not a Canyon which is a bonus. If it were me, I'd lean towards Canyon and try to find the extra $700 for the Di2 version, even if I had to wait 6 MO this or so. The Trek looks pretty good too. So I'd look at the small benefits to each bike and see which one you prefer. Aero is Aero, for the most part so I wouldn't worry about which might be faster. The wheels on both are pretty decent too. One nice thing about the Canyon is that it will likely stand out. If you do a group ride or whatever, you might not see another canyon, but you'll see plenty of Trek bikes. And we all like exclusivity, haha.
No, your bike should have come with pedals. Nobody is buying a hybrid and then putting their power meter on it or switching their clipless pedals over. If you buy a $3,000 bike, you could already have clipless pedals, so there's no sense adding pedals people might never use.
I think what people are saying isn't that you're wrong, but that the local bike shop likely isn't sent the bike with the listed pedals, so they'll put on whatever pedals they have lying around. Even the basic aluminum caged pedals might be an early upgrade to something like a crank brothers flat pedal. So I'd bring your bike in and let them know your concern and see if they have more appropriate pedals. They're unlikely to be the ones listed as stock, but should be equivalent. My guess is they overlooked it.
It probably depends on your technique, really. If you have a good high elbow/EVF then your catch and pull will be starting far in front of you so your pull will move a lot of water. What you're advocating, if I'm reading it right, is to enter the water with a bent arm, never extend, and just start your catch and pull there. Like you're reaching over a barrel, and probably with a higher stroke rate.
I have a 17% grade near my house with a stop sign in the middle of it; that's always fun.
They're not exactly doing the Channel swim in that there lake.
Don't worry about your turns so much. Feel free to stop at the wall and take a breath as you turn. Over time, you can speed up this process and eventually even do flip turns. Remember, you want to swim *more* so if taking an extra half or full second at the wall allows you to keep going. Similarly, you can breathe going into the wall and coming out. Eventually you'd want to cut that out to speed up your timers but as a beginner you just want more time swimming. Time spend hugging the wall isn't terribly productive. Breathing combined with pacing takes a little bit to get used to, but you'll get there.
Because they're swimming in that lake, which is perfectly safe at any normal body fat level. Higher body fat would be more useful for something like a marathon swim. These people would be perfectly safe to swim in this lake just as they'd be safe in any pool, so long as they know how to swim.
A 32 tooth might make the climbs more manageable for OP and if he isn't blowing up his legs then he can ride longer. The main problem is that OP is still new and doesn't have the fitness yet. A 32 tooth won't fix that, and might be unnecessary, but I wouldn't dismiss it out of hand.
That's sound advice, but as a new cyclist maintaining a cadence above 80 will be hard regardless. You make lots of early gains just from riding a bunch. No real wrong choice here.
Where are all the elite level swimmers who are body builders? Elite swimmers tend to have certain body types. They're strong and incredibly lean, but they aren't exactly entering Strongman competitions. Comparing a swimmer to an average gym rat is about as useful as comparing a swimmer to a cyclist (especially since track cyclists are essentially body builders and Grand Tour climbers look like birds)
For the vast majority of people, certain HR zones will be similar. My Max HR is around 200bpm, so take 75% of that to get an aerobic-ish zone and you have 150bpm or less. Now take someone with a Max HR of 180 and that same 75% zone is 135 or below. Use a Max HR that is closer, and that difference closes. So for most people, working in the 130-140bpm zone will probably be a solid baseline and people who maintain 190bpm are either extreme outliers or have a different idea of conversational. I can converse at 175bpm, but it's not as fluid as, say, 130bpm. There are other ways to get your zones too, like %HR Reserve which is based on your max near rate and your resting heart rate or %LTHR which is your HR at a Max 20 minute effort. They're all pretty similar, but max HR is definitely the easiest to get.
I don't think Congress can require a presidential candidate to release information like taxes, though.
At my first race earlier this month I saw a guy in a diving wetsuit and the thing that stood out to me the most is that he couldn't zip the back up so it seemed a little counter-intuitive. My kids won't stop talking about the guy who wore a kilt under his wetsuit.
The nice thing, I imagine, with really long rides is that it really is more about the journey. When I'm out for my rides, I really need to get back home, so time is of the essence. If I'm going for a bikepacking/touring type of thing, the focus is more about exploring, so you can stop to get some food, cook something, refill your water, and just take it all in without worrying about drilling it. I was coming home the other night and I'd taken off my Aero bars (group ride) so I had to take off my front light. It was getting dark and I couldn't get my light on the bars and couldn't figure it out. I could have stopped, but I didn't want to waste the 5-10 minutes. After I got the bike home on the trainer I figured out that I just had to flip the screw/nut thing around to give it the extra space to go around the fatter handlebars, but I made it home before it had gotten too dark.
If you have a measuring cup, it's pretty easy to figure out.
Yeah, I was excited to see the kit they came up with, then they unveiled this digital design and it seemed really underwhelming. Then he put it on literally everything. I was wondering if it would grow on me, but it really hasn't. It has a retro 80s vibe, but it's not enough of an homage to be cool -- it feels more like an homage from the aughts. The Ventum is intriguing because it's so different, but one of the British magazines did an Aero test and it was actually the slowest and they had a ton of wheel rub IIRC which is obviously a huge concern on a bike that costs 15 grand.
Aquabike/triathlons/duathlons are all part of USAT and transition is well guarded since there's usually over a million dollars in bikes alone there. I haven't seen a swim/run events here, but I'm sure transition will be well guarded.
There's a standard distance but oftentimes the races are all different. Runs night be 2 miles or 3.5. Bikes can be 6 miles or 20 miles. Swims can be 500m - 750m. Lots of times they're used as entry races, so they may shorten some legs to encourage people to sign up without explicitly being a super sprint.
I can't remember if it was cycling weekly or road.cc? It was a YouTube video IIRC. I can try to check later.
I'd look into storefronts with a history and presence, like yoeleo, Deng fu, etc where people have posted reviews and the like. A random Ali express frame could 100% be fine, but peace of mind is worth something. Also, don't be afraid to check clearance framesets. I don't know your budget, but I've seen lots of framesets for sale on various websites.
I don't know about swimming, but it's incredibly easy to get around WADA/USADA in other sports. Most times people get caught it's because they do something stupid like use the wrong thing that actually gets detected. The Russians had a system where they would go into the holding area with the A and B samples and open the jars (that were supposed to be impossible to open without compromising the jar) and replace the dirty sample with clean ones, for example.
Can you elaborate? I vaguely remember her swimming something and being over 40 or something? I wonder if some of this is less about worship and more about news sensationalizing stories for eyeballs?
Don't really need it for a super sprint. And with no endurance you can hit a wall in something as short as an Olympic. I did a practice swim with a woman who was doing the same oly as me. She averaged something like 13.4 mph because she basically didn't train. Hopefully her 4.5 hour oly has inspired her to get her ass in gear for Lake Placid.
[Unicycle.com](https://www.unicycle.com/unicycles/penny-farthings-odd-bikes/) - they're $1,600 for a full or $350 for a 29er version. There's a GCN video where Si learns to ride one. It's more about mounting and dismounting I think. Think of stopping like a flying dismount.
You essentially do a flying mount to get on it anyway, so after the mount line he would step on the pegs and get up, it just seems enough momentum not to fall over while you do so.
Yeah, but you guys have fried cheese curds, so you're forgiven for some of your lesser transgressions.
I mean, you can totally buy speed, but it's not taking you from a 15mph average to a 24 mph average. Watts are watts, you can buy efficiency to save watts and reduce drag, but a 5.5 w/kg can't be bought.
It is almost always better, easier, and cheaper to lose grams from your body instead of the bike.
Yeah, it's hard to stomach $6-8 per gallon when we have 3-4 gallons in the fridge at any given time. Guidas/Garelick/Hood it is!
For sure. I got to my first race early this month (Olympic) and my first thought seeing the buoys was definitely, *Man, those seem really far away*. Luckily I'd had a practice swim with some locals to shake out the feeling of, *Im swimming pretty hard but it sure feels like I'm not moving. At all* and practice sighting a bit. Then I took advantage of the practice swim the day before with bike drop off and all that to get a little more comfortable in the water. On race day I only had to pause a few times because someone swam across me and my thought was, *one of us is definitely going the wrong way, here* and again after a turn because I just couldn't see the buoys. Ended up swimming super straight, adding 40 total yards with some of that being me running in transition, so not bad.
It's incredibly hard. Neither party would let the other do it, so you'd really need an opposition party proposing and voting on it.
For sure. The greater your speed, the more Aero helps you overcome wind resistance, since it's the main limiting factor you face. At slower speeds it helps, just not as much, since at 12 mph there's simply less wind resistance. But a person doing an 140.6 triathlon in 8 hours will save less cumulative time than a 17 hour finisher just because they're out there for so much less time. It's funny, and doesn't really make sense until you think about it
Superdelegates are polled sorry cycle, this was just a really unique election in which you had a Democrat essentially running unopposed within her party and you had an outsider (of sorts) challenging her. It really isn't a great surprise that the superdelegates largely favored Clinton, since they are all people of (various levels of) power in the Democratic Party. Bernie caucuses with the Dems because he sure as hell isn't going to do so with the Republicans and there isn't exactly a Democratic Socialist block. There are only, what, 2 Independents in the Senate? There were a lot of issues with how the party ran the 2016 primaries. Superdelegates for sure had an impact, and I think the media could have handled their reporting of it a little differently, but I also don't blame them because the race was really quite unique. Had Biden run, super delegates would have been a non-issue because they'd be split more or less evenly and not really bound to who they preferred when it's all said and done. In 2016,though it was basically, *Do you, senior Democratic Party official, support the Democrat who has been a Democrat for decades,the former Secy of State, former First Lady, former Senator of NY? Or do you support the Democratic socialist who only joined because our system basically required it, the guy who says to this day he isn't a Democrat, who wants to move our party way further to the left than any of us feel comfortable with, and who -- we're not even sure is a serious candidate. Like seriously, did you see his announcement? Why hasn't he been getting his name out there for years? Everybody knows Clinton whether they love or hate her, but who has even heard of Bernie outside of VT?* It wasn't really a hard choice. But the DNC definitely messed up all over the place.
Probably. The swim difference between an Olympic and Half distance race is pretty small - 1 mile versus 1.2 miles. 400m isn't really a huge issue if you can already swim at least 1600 straight. If you never rode more than 40k you might have an issue, but 30-60 days can get you there. And you've done enough run training to be able to handle it as long as you kept up. The main difference is are you prepared, physically and mentally, to go from a 3 hour race which is pretty easily managed to a 6-7 hour race which has more variables, especially when it comes to nutrition (and general endurance). You can probably do it. I trained for an Olympic exclusively and I'm 100% sure I could finish a half, I just have no real desire to since I wouldn't enjoy it and would rather wait until I'm more confident in my abilities to do the longer races. Why do it in 7 hours when I can do it in 5, you know?
I'd be more worried about your face and collar bone.
I've been riding mostly indoors this "season", but for a variety of reasons. I'm not paranoid about getting hit by a car, since my area *seems* pretty cyclist-friendly (I've had people cheer me on) but it's definitely on my radar. I rode outside a ton last year and did lots of exploring and it was great. But I have a wife and four very young kids, so I try to be as time efficient as I can so doing my TR workouts hits that nail on the head. It also helps me make sure my hard rides are hard and my easy rides are easy. I'm simply never doing a ride outdoors at 50% of FTP because every where I ride is super hilly. I'm also still pretty weak sauce, so structured training should help. I did do a ride on Father's Day and I did a shop ride for the summer solstice, plus a few other rides too. Honestly, if I had a spare wheel for the trainer, I'd probably go outdoors more, but it's nice to just head downstairs and be ready to go in 5 minutes versus having to grab food, get kitted up, check the weather, and fit it all into our post-work/pre-bedtime schedule. I can also hop on the trainer early in the am before everyone is up, but going outside isn't really an option for that.
It's written into their state laws/constitutions to be the first primary/caucus. One year some states tried to move theirs up which just caused them to move up even earlier.
Precisely. Plus the Democratic Party is really more center left than anything. Sanders really was quite radical from their standard Third Way views. Some of his ideas are permeating now, but we'll have to see how it plays out. Lots of us love it, but I fear lots of the country may not and a fractured party can be problematic -- just look at the House GOP who can't pass anything because the Freedom caucus has enough votes to stop anything that isn't conservative enough. What then if you have a progressive caucus that blocks even reasonable ideas from the left because they aren't progressive enough? Sure, Medicare for all is the dream, but the public option is way fucking better than what we have now, and gives people the opportunity to buy in and see if it's awesome or awful. That's the problem House Republicans have now. They can't get *anything* done because a small group won't let them. But to appease that group you lose enough moderates that you can't get a consensus coalition either way. So now they don't have a hardline immigration bill or a softball one either.
It takes time. You can help by doing other aerobic base building, like cycling, and then it becomes a matter of strengthening your joints and other supporting structure. This gives your body a rest from the pounding, but still let's you build an aerobic base that can carry over. I think this is especially helpful for new runners who have to run at ~12:30ish paces for low HR training because that's almost too slow to jog but too fast to walk and doesn't feel like running at all. Once you can get your aerobic pace down to ~10:30 it becomes easier to jog/run and not feel super awkward.
The only magazines I receive I receive for free. Having subscribed to Hobby magazines in the past, they never gave a reason to keep it, since everything gets super repetitive.
Ask the lifeguard, but if you're alone, then don't worry about it. I asked the lifeguard my first day because I didn't know how to actually swim and he told me it didn't really matter because it's usually slow. Granted, my pool has more lanes than yours, something like 12+ but if there's nobody there, or nobody usually there, then it's sorta irrelevant.
I'd say if you're after more information, Velo is really the sub you'd want. Lots of filthy casuals like me, but also lots of racers. No NBD crap either. If I want to see bikes I'll go to Bicycling or IG.
Tri bikes are the best bikes; tricycles are for kids who don't want to use a balance bike. *(edit: also people who need a hand cycle, etc)*
It sucks when you forget to apply the Body Glide, though.
Faster, faster! Wheeeee! (on descents)
Tell them to HTFU. But seriously, they tend to fall asleep. If they are awake, then I supply them with snacks. There's a decent sized "trunk" on my Nashbar trailer so I can load it up with spare clothes and stuff. But there's also room for lunch boxes and stuff. If they're cranky, they either are tired (and they'll just fall asleep), hungry, wet, hot, or being jerks to each other. Most of those are pretty easy to fix, but I don't take them out for super long rides where I'll be really far from the car. I might ride 10 miles out and 10 miles back which gets me 20 miles of solid effort and takes around 2 hours factoring in stops. You can also do short loops.
I had a super cheap T-shirt that just now developed a hole. I can still wear it because the hole is tiny but I choose not to. We also had a bunch of baby clothes from there because they are longer and slimmer rather than just big fat squares and they held up through three babies worth of wearing and washing which is every God damned day. They still look basically new.
It's a good product for a fair price. The plans are solid and numerous -- everything from road racing, cyclocross, XCO mountain biking, triathlon, crits, centuries, etc. The new calendar feature makes looking at and planning seasons super easy and handy. It's easier to adjust it as well. If you listen to their podcast for awhile it becomes very clear that they know their stuff down to really crazy details, so I have no problem trusting their plans and information. I'm not sure you can get that from the competition. If you want to have *fun* more than get *better*, you might like something like Zwift but I don't find TR workouts too bad or boring. Most are 60-90 minutes, so some music or a show keeps me busy.
I'm going to assume that they're fine with that alternative because Putin would be in charge of whatever Soviet Union would exist now. And we can't have squirrely Merkel as a pseudo world leader of the EU when we can have a strongman like Putin right?
I Believe his 30 minute tests have you just take the average HR over the last 20 minutes
I think it's also worth considering this from a different angle. You're looking at this from your own perspective of aesthetics, but that is also separate from the point you pulled from my comment. One might argue that many of those women were deliberate in those purchases, but merely have a different taste than you. And what's trendy for women can different from what men value in women's shoes for sure. But those men may have given almost literally zero thought to their shoes. As an example: I think the AE Neumok is atrocious, but lots of guys purposely buy them because they think they're cool looking. They may have bad/different *taste* but they still value aesthetics. But for a lot of men, they simply don't even think about aesthetics. They buy what is the right price, the right size, the right something else, etc. It's not uncommon for men to not even shop at all but for their spouses to buy them their stuff. You don't get that with nearly as many women (though certainly there are plenty who view it similarly).
The food may not be a $40/plate fancy meal, but it's objectively better than not eating at all. Free and reduced food programs are incredibly important to areas with especially low incomes -- even taking place when school isn't in session because of how important it is when those may be the only meals those children get.
I think I got $12 and I was the shipping/fulfilment manager; front store liason; ran the embroidery machines; coated, reclaimed, and burned screens; and printed when they were in a bind. Pretty expensive here too. Also, even with the low pay, they couldn't afford to keep me. I loved the family who ran that shop, but they really weren't great at running it unfortunately. Hopefully they're still in business. The patriarch did have it set up to be mostly self-sustaining but I don't think they did themselves any favors. I do know the print shop was eventually sold off to another family member.
Democratic People's Republic of Korea, more commonly known as North Korea.
It's pretty badass functional wall art. I couldn't justify 150 bones for it, being on a budget, but I bet plenty of people could. Like those guys with 100% rogue gear, entire racks of dumbbells, etc.
Yes, but Starbucks isn't sending their legal team to destroy you because you got a job at Dunkin Donuts. But if you work for Lockheed Martin, there could be a legitimate argument against going to, say, Boeing (or another aerospace company).
Yeah, there are really only two options and both are ridiculously bad. The first is to impeach and remove every Trump judge, even though they didn't actually do anything to warrant removal and most were already judges before that. This would take years even if you had a supermajority to push each one through. The second would be to add seats to all the courts to bring them close to where they were in 2016 which would just be seen as court packing and backfire terribly. But at least it would be quicker.
Kavanaugh will be on the court until he dies and there's zero reason to actually impeach and remove Gorsuch; it isn't his fault McConnell is a grade A asshole (and master tactician). Democrats aren't going to waste time removing Kav, it would be an easier fight and less controversial to add seats, which wouldn't be without controversy.
Oh I know, though when I say road race I mean more like a sportive that's timed than something with team cars and stuff. It's really hard to justify the cost of a sportive around here when they have huge fundraising requirements or are expensive rides I could just do on my own on any given day...or the same day. $50-$70 just for a couple aid stations is a bit much.
How so? FDR couldn't get his legislation through because it was politically untenable for key members of his own party, not because of any Constitutional roadblocks. He didn't have to pursue it after failing because he started getting rulings in his favor and eventually appointed every Justice but one. There are currently 9 justices on SCOTUS because of legislation, not because of the Constitution, which says precious little about the courts. All the Constitution says about the courts is that there will be a chief Justice to president over presidential impeachments, that there will be a Supreme Court, and that the Congress can create lower courts as they see fit. It says nothing about the makeup of such a court, which is why the number of Justices has been changed at various points.
I don't think the WH really denied it this week though. They just gave a generic statement praising Kelly IIRC.
I'm not parent comment, but I do run. The biggest hurdle to running, or any exercise regimen, really, is the mental aspect of committing to a habit. Forming new habits is hard enough and god knows it's easier and satisfying to sit your ass on the couch. We also have that s and dear in our minds that running is hard on the body, which is true to a degree but not the way we think. So the first thing is to just go run, but do it obnoxiously slow. This is actually the hardest part. My first time running I couldn't make it around the track and felt like a failure. But I was just running too fast for my current fitness. I was still running super slow -- something like 9:00 per mile but I should have been "running" closer to 12-13 minute miles. That's barely faster than I can walk around the track holding my baby. So run way slower than you think you should, and then run even slower than that. This is the second hardest part. Who wants to run that damn slow? For months? Fuck that noise right? This is actually the most important part of running and not getting injured. Right now your body isn't used to the impact of running and your heart isn't equipped to power you as fast as you want. So you either run too fast and die or run too much and get injured. Or you get sick of how annoying it is to barely run or run/walk and quit because it sucks. But this is all exercise. Want to ride a bike instead? Enjoy panting up that 12% grade. And the 8% grade. Hell, even a 6% grade will probably crush your soul. Know the quickest way to quit cycling? Having to walk your bike up hills. So maybe you try swimming. That's low impact and doesn't have hills. *Oof.* But it requires technique and a strong core. Panting after trying to swim 25 yards isn't exactly heartening, especially when you're getting whooped by the 80 year old and 8 year old on each side of you. Okay, maybe cardio isn't for me you think. I'll lift weights and get swole. Do you do the correct, boring thing and squat with an empty bar? Do you start slow with no weight to really nail that technique? Or do you want throw those plates on there and risk injuring yourself? Do you plateau because it turns out there's more to it than just adding weight? That's probably why most folks who exercise do it via something far more social like a slow pitch softball league, bowling, or pick up games. And it's hard to argue that that's a ton of great exercise, especially given the food and beer likely consumed at each game. It's hard, but it does get easier. It's really just getting over that initial hurdle that's the toughest, and trying to find a way to make that bit less annoying. Listen to a podcast while running. Something like Planet Money so you limit your time to 20 minutes or so and don't get amped up listening to music. For the bike try a trainer. It sucks, but you can watch Netflix or something. Or find some nice quiet roads or multi use paths. It's hard to push too hard when you're dodging around kids, dogs, soccer moms, and little old ladies. Try running on a trail. It can be more interesting than the roads, softer, and requires you to pay more attention. At the end of the day,start slow and ramp up slowly. Imagine if the first time you tried running you took it super easy and we're still going. How many miles would you have under your belt? How much better off do you think you'd be? Exercise and fitness is a long term relationship that just gets ruined with flings and dalliances and like any long term relationship it takes a lot of work to maintain.
Hobbies are tough, especially in that price range. People always say lights and I don't really get it. I already have lights, why would I need more? Socks are an option, especially if you were to get some nice ones they may not want to splurge on, like some wool socks. Consumables are an option, but require you to know a bit about him. You mention his SO. You can have them see if he has any particular nutrition products he likes (or whatever he has). That sort of thing is annoying to buy. If he goes on long rides, you can treat him to various things he might not try on his own too -- like Maurtens which is a pretty splurgey gel, but is supposed to be really good for long rides. He probably uses clipless pedals, so if you can figure out what system he uses, new cleats would be pretty useful. I need some but man does it feel like a waste to spend $10-$20 on a little plastic piece, but it's also kind of important, if annoying to spend the money on. I personally like neck gaiters. I use them running all the time and when training indoors. If they use a trainer or rollers it can be handy to keep sweat from going everywhere. I think that ultimately the best gift in this case isn't to get something clever or try to fill some missing void that you'd have a hard time knowing about. Instead I'd zero in on things that are useful and kind of suck to buy yourself. We all want to spend our money on the fun stuff (or save it to put it towards the fun stuff!). A final option, which would be a long shot, but if you can find out that they race -- you can buy them a race entry for a race that fits their schedule, depending on what they cost in your area. Around here, some crits and fondos fit into that category. Other options are a gift card at a local bike shop for a specific service, like wheel truing or something. This goes along with the *annoying to spend money on* category. Plus, if they like to do their own maintenance, they can still use the gift card on something else they want. You might try to find a nice art print, but a proper screen print might be out of your price range. Could be worth a look, though.
Traditionally you'll have an off season, yeah. Since you're new, it can be easy to get burnt out especially if you aren't training for anything specific. Most people will have an A/goal race and base their training season off of that. If you ride road, then winter would be your off season but some people switch to cross. Having a 6-8 week break can be great for the mind and let you explore other activities more for fun and to keep a base fitness, with maybe a ride or two per week just to maintain some fitness. Then you'll do the base, build, specialty cycle again. I'd try and zero in on why you feel burnt out and try to alleviate it if you can. It can be any to go too hard too soon in the beginning, but it can also be soul sucking to ride only for trainings sake or on an indoor trainer.
Something sounds off to me. Have you contacted CycleOps/Saris? Their CS is pretty good. I had an issue with my trainer and they sent me a new unit after I sent mine back. I had a small communication SNAFU that made it take awhile but they apologized and I can't be too upset because I think I was technically out of warranty. Also, my clicky knob works fine on both this roller and the other. It does sound like you got a used roller by accident. A regular tire will leave black residue on the roller so that could be the reason for that.
I'm actually not familiar with his music; I listen to NPR because I'm old and uncool.
Whereas now our fighter jets are like 500 million dollar pieces of machinery that I imagine require far more training beyond, *here are the keys, kiddo; go kill some Nazis*
TrainerRoad sources their claims constantly, so if they're using information cleaned from that it should be fine.
I'm not the best person to explain all this, unfortunately, but I'm probably technically incorrect (or even mostly incorrect). It's true that vo2 max can only be increased so much by training and is largely genetic, so the phenomenon I'm thinking of is probably more due to being limited by poor fitness as opposed to true vo2 max. For example, take a sedentary person and have them do some running or cycling and their vo2 max would probably report really low -- say in the 30s. I don't know if an actual sports science lab would show this same low result as algorithms or if it would show your actual genetic vo2 peak of, say, 59 with an FTP of 120, though. It's be interesting to find out. But that sedentary person trains for a couple years via cycling, rowing, running, whatever. Their vo2 won't still test at 32 or whatever. So maybe what I'm talking about is more about how we get better at testing as our fitness improves while moving the vo2 needle slightly? In terms of FTP it's sort of like how FTP is a *theoretical* hour power. Testing at 280 doesn't necessarily mean you can hold that for an hour, you still have to build that endurance to hold it for an hour.
The US Marshalls come get him. I'm sure there will be a song and dance, but it's not like the Secret Service would start firing on US Marshalls. I can see it being something where some Secret Service officers still accompany POTUS (or former-POTUS) while in custody to protect him or her while in custody.
Seems like a small thing to worry about within the overall budget though. A single helicopter probably costs more than we've ever spent protecting past Presidents.
If you can get watermelon to grow as a cube, by God you can get chicken to do so.
I feel like those undelete comment sites could be used to mine emails pretty effectively.
Allow me to preface this by saying that, yes, a $300 t shirt is a ludicrous proposition that nobody needs. But you asked *why* and there are actually legitimate reasons for this. The ELI5 version is that some rich people buy all their clothes from one brand, say SLP, Gucci, etc and that they need tees in addition to leather jackets. These luxury brands are actually very high quality and the brand sort of depends upon their clothing costing a certain amount. It would be weird to have a $3,000 leather coat and a $30 t-shirt, especially because non luxury brands sell $30 tees, so they price them how it makes sense within the scope of their line. But it is slightly more complicated than that too. Some luxury brands are definitely pumping out shirts that maybe cost them $12-$30 to make (economies of scale) and selling them for a huge markup, but some luxury brands are more avant garde and release shirts far more interesting than the basic 100% cotton tee. The first consideration is materials. Not all cotton is created equally. Some is made of short fibers some is longer fibers. Some is organic some isn't. Some is treated some isn't. Etc. There are a million variables that you can tweak to create the shirt you want that is nicer than Hanes or Fruit of the Loom. So some companies will be using much nicer fabrics. On top of that is fit and finish. Things like holes, loose threads, how it is stitched, the construction, etc all affect cost. Hanes will do whatever is cheapest for that tee at Walmart -- Gildan too, but they actually have a whole range of shirts, with some being quite nice while still inexpensive. When Hanes makes a pattern for their shirt it is boxy and meant to fit as many people as possible. When SLP makes one, they have a certain body type in mind but it will also just fit better. You're not getting a 300 pound *people of Walmart* type of person buying from Saint Laurent, generally. They won't be down to your mid thighs, either, they'll be the correct length to make you look as good as possible (generally). A good shirt will drape better and just be better in every way. Is it $280 better? No, and if you're frugal or aren't tied to a specific brand you can get a similarly nice tee for $50-$60. It's actually fairly common in streetwear to mix luxury brands and brands you'd think of as lower end. Then you have shit like Supreme who will slap a box logo on any product who will let them. So what about those justifiably expensive tees I mentioned? This is where avant garde fashion comes in. Think of this as clothes as art, more than just something to cover your body. Some of it will look downright crazy and it is often black. These clothes are often rough and hand made, but with excellent materials. Very careful attention is paid to how a fabric will drape, how it will interact with and create silhouette, how it will move, etc. A good example of this is a shirt Rick Owens released several years back; it's truly unlike your standard shirt. The material is very unique, almost gauze-like. There is also just one seam and it runs diagonally across the shirt. What this does is creates a tension across the shirt so instead of lying flat, it has a ripple/waviness to it. On top of this, the shirt is actually two layers of this gauzy fabric which interact with each other and allows you to change the silhouette; you can effectively make the shirt a normal length, but twice as thick or you can have it be much longer closer to your knees. Does it look sort of like a dress? Yeah, kinda, but it's an interesting silhouette which you can play with with other clothes from Rick and other Avant Garde designers.
If you have a need to get in like that, yes. Someone in jail would come in that way as opposed to the front door, for example. Or a witness who might be at risk. Also, this is a grand jury which is supposed to be secret. Part of why we know what we know so far is because some of the people subpoenaed can't keep their mouths shut and go on national television.
Gap has always been notoriously slow for me and ships in 10,000 different shipments.
For this you really need a shop/fitter that uses something like Retul, right?
Gotta have a spare tri bike or two, just in case.
YSL sort of makes sense, since they really rebranded after driving their brand I to the ground with licensing deals. The script is obviously iconic, but they simple weren't YSL any more and the block face matched Hedi's aesthetic better. The Berluti one especially hurts and makes no real sense. Balenciaga and the others are modern brands with modern aesthetics, so changing makes some sense, if being super boring. But Berluti isn't really a fashion brand and shoe makers don't generally make these sorts of changes. Or any changes. But I haven't been following them, so maybe they're branching out more into fashion or something where the logotype would look a bit odd on a shirt label or something.
And a 64 pack of sharpies for 9.99. Be the change you want to see in the world and disrupt the *writing on potatoes and mailing them* market. If OP is to be believed, the market potential is yuge.
Look closely again at your comment and see if you can tease out how you ride. You go really hard on the flats and easy on the hills. But are you *really*? It's hard to go easy on hills by their nature, but an easy pace is something you could do all day; you shouldn't feel tired or fatigued at any point and your heart rate should be pretty low. If those two things aren't true, then you're not going easy. And if you're going harder than you think on hills and hammering the flats...you're not ever going truly easy and also likely not ever going truly hard. *This* is the Z3 trap. If you're going to hammer it, you should be well rested. You can't go by how hard it feels or your HR because if you're fatigued your perceived exertion (RPE) will feel super high but your actual wattage might be closer to vo2 max or lower when your goal is all out effort nearly twice that. You also talk about Strava segments which can be super motivating, but one of the problems with Strava is it makes you want to always be faster which just isn't how you want to approach riding. You want your segment times to be jagged -- fast sometimes and slow most times. And don't worry about KOMs (I've lost all of mine except a running one). It sounds counterintuitive, but you have to go slow to get fast, especially in the beginning when you're building your aerobic engine, which takes years of dedicated training. Do it wrong and you plateau which I think you risk doing. When the weather improves (or if you live where it's nice) start going for longer rides. If you're doing 50-60 miles you're not going to want to burn those matches going hard and if you burn too many you'll regret it and learn from the mistake. When you're doing 25-30 miles you're in the danger zone where you can go too hard because you have enough on board glycogen for 90 minutes of moderate intensity. This is probably what happened with your 50 mile fondo failure too. You pushed too hard, we're too fatigued, and 2 hours in you hit the wall. (Nutrition is huge too.)
He can. &gt; Under the Constitution, only federal criminal convictions, such as those adjudicated in the United States District Courts, may be pardoned by the President. In addition, the President's pardon power extends to convictions adjudicated in the Superior Court of the District of Columbia and military court-martial proceedings. &gt; If you are requesting pardon of a court-martial conviction only, you should submit your completed petition directly to the Secretary of the military department that had original jurisdiction in your case, and listing in your responses to questions 2 through 6 and question 15 of the petition form all pertinent information concerning your court-martial trial and conviction. &gt; Pardon of a military offense will not change the character of a military discharge. An upgrade or other change to a military discharge may only be accomplished by action of the appropriate military authorities.
I think it's important to point out that he also just straight up killed him. Even if the guy was guilty, it's an extra judicial killing that must violate the rules of engagement.
Interesting! I'm not in the military, so I don't know that sort of stuff. Does a dismissal affect what benefits they are eligible for, or can they be revoked in any way?
&gt; The only value for real-time monitoring of SmO2 is to fill up your Garmin Connect with as many graphs as possible. Isn't that why we do this?
&gt; “Given the defendant’s substantial assistance and other considerations set forth below ... a sentence that does not impose a term of incarceration - is appropriate” is the same as what The Hill quote above says though. Mueller suggested no prison time would be an appropriate sentence...which he did.
Plus, froome's max power probably isn't remarkable and his max HR and sweet spot/threshold HR are likely not much lower than his max either. It's pretty common for endurance athletes -- just look at Kipchoge who can run a marathon at a slightly slower pace than he runs a 5k which would be like comparing a 12 mile TT and a 75-85 mile TT.
Jonathan Lee is pretty proficient.
They couldn't be charged with obstruction for denying a request; Congress has immunity against indicting them for official acts. Taking a vote saying no would qualify. Nunes running to the WH and all that stuff would not necessarily be covered though. You just can't arrest people for voting in committee or on legislation.
Also the president would have to sign it unless it passed by veto-proof supermajorities (which would still run out the clock anyway).
My point is, there's a difference between not liking a candidate for the position and saying they aren't qualified. Semantics matter, especially with how polarized everything has become. It turns routine appointments into *OMG these people are all unqualified, Trump/Obama is the worst!!* Which just makes everyone look like an idiot and doesn't actually tackle whatever issue you have with the person put forward. Barr is undeniably qualified to be AG because the qualifications are fairly simple, so unless he was secretly disbarred then he is qualified. Beyond that, he is almost certainly fit to lead the DOJ and carry out whatever Republican agenda the administration sees fit. I think we are all right to be concerned about how he will oversee the Mueller probe, especially after having sent this overture to Trump. It's tricky though, because I suspect it's routine for academics to send memos to the administration giving their thoughts and advice and it would be incredibly naive to think that no conservative (or liberal) thinker has thoughts on the Mueller probe. But we are also rightly skeptical of any Trump choice, especially as they relate to the probe. Whoever Trump chooses I think ought to let Mueller do his thing until he decides he's finished, and potentially rein him in if it seems like he is overextending, but since Mueller seems to outsource unrelated findings I don't think that's a huge concern. And I think the new AG would do well to act this same way, even if they *feel* like the probe is too expansive or has gone too far. *(It's also important that as AG, they'd get to see everything Mueller has and it would give more context than just what they read in the media.)* Barr won't want to be a pawn just to shut it down. He seems to have a long career and wouldn't want to be trampled by Trump. This isn't some springboard to greater things for Barr so he doesn't have to prove anything to Trump. Not to mention, Barr served under H. W Bush and Trump hates the Bush family and has been shitting on them for ages. Personally I'd *much* prefer Barr to Whitaker whose sole mission seems to be upward mobility at any cost. He'd have no problem ending the probe and making a name for himself (though it could also end his career, who knows. At least he'd still have CrossFit, WODs, and cosplaying as Thing).
Unlikely as a party to a grand jury can tell whoever they want whatever they want. It's the people who serve on the grand jury and the attorneys involved who can't. Sealing a record just makes it so the public can't see it. If the company were, hypothetically, Trump Org. there's nothing legally stopping Donald Jr and Eric from telling POTUS they're being subpoenaed.
The Quassy OWS is pretty beginner friendly. It's in a lake, doesn't have jelly fish or huge swells. There can be some current and visibility is poor, but it's not a bad first race (from the swim perspective).
Congrats and welcome! I'm going to offer you some advice more specific to this race. I'll be there this year as well, having done the Olympic last year. Keep in mind, nothing has been released to the public yet, so the course is anybody's guess, but it's fair to assume that it will be similar to previous years. There was also some back and forth with a nearby town over the race -- they didn't want it, wanted it every other year if they have to have it at all, complained about cyclists and traffic, etc -- even the First Selectman personally argued that the cyclists are dangerous and annoying. So I imagine WTC just gave them a ton of money to make that all go away. They did say the race takes place 75% in that town though which is either hyperbole or a hint. I'm guessing it's the former, because 40+ miles is a heck of a lot in a small town. Anyway, here's how the race goes. The swim: By far the least hilly portion. The water is nice, usually low 70s but it doesn't get there until the week of the race, before then it will be cold which means it can be cold but will likely warm up. The water is greenish brown, so visibility is maybe a few feet. Sighting isn't so bad. There can be some current depending on the weather, but it's freshwater and a nice lake so the swim is pretty good. IM does TT swims now which suits you as a beginner, and you'll want to self-seed conservatively. Lots of support staff in the water. No jelly fish or anything that will bite you. T1: long-ish and the parking lot is pretty torn up. I don't know if IM will line the whole thing with carpeting or make us deal with it. It's a nice little run through the water park though. It will probably be water and warm lemon lime Gatorade which if you aren't expecting it tastes like piss. Mount your bike and you're off to the races. Bike: I did the Olympic, but the half is similar and I think IM prefers looping courses. This is going to be relentlessly hilly and you'll start out of t1 with a descent, most likely so don't cook yourself. You are never on flat ground -- it's either up or down. There are no 2000' climbs or anything, but the hills are punchy. Lots of 8-9% grades and some stuff that's steeper. Anytime you feel good, just remember there's another good damned hill. T2: short and sweet. In and out without having to deal with the water park. Run: again, I think IM likes loops and it's likely that you'll follow a similar path as previous years which means you're gonna come out screaming down a descent and then hate life coming back up some fairly steep hills. Real punchy stuff. Then after the first 10k you turn around and do it again. Pretty brutal. The atmosphere is great. The park is great. I'm curious to see what IM does with it,but like many I will truly miss Rev3. --------- So for training advice: You're good on the run, just make sure you run hills and run them on tired legs. You can probably skip the gym because the three sports should take precedence. For the bike, do lots of trainer work. You'll want to do 3.5-4 hour rides at least. Simulate hills where you can. As you get closer to race day, work on muscular endurance work, which is to say higher power, slower cadence work. Ideally you'll spin a high cadence, but you don't want to get to a hill having never spun at 60-75 rpm for 20 minutes before because it will obliterate your legs. But for now, spin closer to 85-90 rpm (higher if you can). TrainerRoad is great if you can swing it. For the swim, just keep swimming and working on technique and sighting. Get some OWS in when you can, but it's tough with the race being so early.
Because I like cheesecake and ice cream more than podiums.
Their trademark is specific to fitness gear and the like; this doesn't stop people, cyclists, etc from using peloton outside of that context. I haven't watched the video, but I'd guess it could have to do with Zwift's new race thing they're doing which could be a bit of a grey area. On the one hand, Peloton in relation to bike racing isn't -- and cannot -- be trademarked. But Zwift is also only compatible with bike trainers, of which Peloton is one, and that could confuse consumers. Likely not people who actually watch GP Lama's videos, but that's immaterial. This is also a standard cease-and-desist sent out by a law firm who trawls through anything that might be relevant. Peloton could tell them not to pursue it if they feel it's different enough.
Pretty easy to deny cert for shit like this.
The neighbor girl came over to play with our daughter and noticed our elf and started talking about theirs and how we have one too. Our daughter just told her we don't do elf on the shelf, it's just an elf, and that we have pixies in our house. I think it's a similar idea, where we do something every day of Advent, but most days are taken care of by doing things with others, going places, people coming over, etc. There are only a few days where we sort of struggle to think of something and those days are mostly just,*fuck it, the pixies brought you ice cream bars*. But some days I went all out and made scones and set the table up with candles and stuff. We also have Alexa, so we have it where the pixies will play their favorite music if they're being good and ask politely. This also stops them from cutting each other off asking Alexa to play something else.
He grabbed a podium girl's ass once (and apologized). But he also does some other serious /r/madlads stuff like not shaving his legs, having long hair, and other stuff like that. More serious things are what you referenced -- fixing his handlebars mid-race. His handlebars went crooked so he needed to fix them (this may have been the monument he won?) but didn't have any tools to fix it nor a team car nearby. He knew if the breakaway group he was with found out, they'd pull away and he'd lose but he also k ew it was unsafe to keep riding, so he decided his best course of action was a controlled hit to his wheel so he could straighten his bars. He knocked into the rider in front of him a few times, rightfully pissing him off because it was dangerous, but rationalized it as being controlled so he wasn't going to take anyone out. It ended up not working anyway, and shortly after the team car showed up and he got the Allen wrench he needed. Some people don't like him because he is a fan favorite -- like hating the Yankees -- he's basically the bandwagon rider. Others don't like him because of his antics on and off course. Some aren't crazy about how he complains about the peloton not riding sometimes and making him do all the work. But others like him *for* these antics. His wheelies. That he doesn't take himself or the sport *too* seriously. Because he bucks trends and tradition, and because he contests everything. He won't win alp d'huez but anything that isn't the absolute steepest and he's going to try. Pure sprinters don't even bother sometimes if their position isn't ideal; Sagan will utilize whoever is there as a lead out with fairly remarkable success. But overall Sagan seems like a really nice dude. The peloton likes him, fans like him, and when he does something stupid he is generally quick to apologize. And he's good for the sport.
I think there's another angle worth considering that others here aren't. Yes, it's true that doing some lifting can help in the off season, with a single day of maintenance during the season. And it's also true that it won't help you to be a faster cyclist like more intervals will. But being a well rounded athlete/cyclist does require some strength that we often lack and don't get on the bike, such as a strong core. But it's also worth looking at this from a perspective beyond cycling. Yes, we're here to be as good a cyclist as we can, but we are also not World Tour pros and there can be some really valuable quality of life improvements that come with resistance/weight training that can be gained. I don't know about you, but the bird body that is a climbers body isn't the most attractive nor proportional body type you may want. Having a strong upper body, back, and core means you won't have to worry about throwing your back out playing with your kids. Etc. We may take a slight hit to our peak performance, but it's worth it for the other 90% of our lives that we aren't on the bike to be a more well rounded human (physically, but also emotionally).
This wouldn't work under our current system because state legislatures are often part time positions which pay very little. My state is right around the middle in pay and you'd get a whopping $28,000. That's retail level pay for people with *far* more experience and qualifications. Then, let's say you fix that problem *somehow*, now you're saying, *you can't earn any income aside from this* which obviously would never fly -- you'd have better luck with really detailed disclosures. So you don't allow ant public servant to own stocks, bonds, or any other sort of investment. This also means you couldn't own a rental home. Or sell your home for a profit. You couldn't own a business. You couldn't do *anything*, so how do you solve that problem? The best option is to give everyone a badass pension, but what about minimum vesting periods? Obviously you don't want people getting a full pension after a week or a month, but what about a year? Five years? Ten? Remember, if you disallow any income, those people weren't earning money then or moving up in their careers, nor were they putting money into their retirement accounts. Taking away outside income simply would not and could not work within our system and I'm not sure it would work in any other western countries. Even doubly so if you forbid it *completely* after leaving public service as well, otherwise you get some person running for state House, leaving after one or two terms...and then what for the next 40 fucking years? It's ludicrous. And I don't think it's honestly the problem you're trying to solve. It's far easier to ha doesn't the issue of revolving doors, regulatory capture, corruption, etc than just banning future income.
At some point the shop will get swamped, shit hits the fan and they'll take their chances on you if you've shown you're reasonably trustworthy. If OP gets in as a shop rat, it might be useful to see if the shop will let them practice on misprints, scraps, their own blanks, or those felt test sheets to let the shop know they're capable and motivated. I wasn't a printer, but I found myself a valuable asset by being willing to (and doing) almost anything. I organized and counted shirts in thousands of boxes: embroidered; please; reclaimed, burned, and washed out screens; fulfilled and shipped orders; ran the heat press and vinyl cutter; caught shirts and folded; mixed inks; etc. Eventually I left/was laid off because the shop just wasn't well run and had basically no business and the daughter running the shop wasn't gonna get rid of her husband for me, haha. She basically said I could stay as long as I needed to because she didn't actually want me to go.
The corollary to this is that when photographing a shiny or reflective object you don't actually light the object itself, but rather light everything around it that it reflects. So when you look at a car advertisement (or a watch) you'll have all these various lights pointing in various directions with flags, cookies, and diffusers all over the place. If you just point a light at a watch or something and take a photo, it will look like shit. *I imagine the same holds true, somewhat, for exhibiting these sorts of objects, but there's generally less attention paid to really killing the lighting like you would in an advertisement where the goal is to sell a product.*
You're forgetting the third option, that these could actively make things worse. Orthos have tons of training -- it's pretty specialized. If she's having issues, better for her to see the specialist, even if she can't/won't get the insoles because they can offer other solutions that may help or tell her what's wrong.
If you're training for an Olympic, you'll want to cycle more. The bike leg will probably take you approximately 90 minutes, so you'll want to be able to ride for 2 hours easy before race day. You can build up to that though if you feel like your endurance isn't there yet. A half distance race is 56 miles with will take you closer to 3-4 hours so you'd want to be comfortable with ~6 hours. Remember, you also need to run after, so all in an Olympic event will be around 3 hours, give or take and a half will be 6-7 hours, give or take. For a half, nutrition becomes much more of a factor but for an Olympic, you can get by with electrolyte drinks and a gel or two if you want.
Isn't it standard warm up procedure to move all the shit out of the way so you can get started? Can't be just me?
It might make you worse in theory, but you're a new cyclist so no it won't hurt you. Packing on the extra mass will really only be bad/unnecessary if you're aiming to be a WT pro -- which none of us are. Having that extra strength and mass will give you a better quality of life. Very good amateur crit racers aren't bird-bodied. Really, there's no reason not to strength train.
Wheels are the most expensive way to save a little bit of weight that ultimately isn't a massive deal, especially in triathlon where races aren't up mountains and there aren't tons of accelerations like in cross or crit races. Once spinning, weight isn't terribly important. Moreover, you're talking about, what, 100-500 grams of weight? Your water bottles weigh more. You've probably got tons more excess fat than that. Your multi tool weighs more. The amount of people who would benefit from the weight savings of aero carbon wheels versus a power meter is incredibly small. But structured training for a year will save you far more watts than a $650 wheelset would. There's value in both, but wheels are more cool than they are necessary.
Very likely illegal. I'm pretty sure federal regulations in the US require the third brake light to always be visible, and if the trunk goes up, so too goes the brake light (I imagine). You can get around this by installing another in the rear window that goes on if the trunk is open. There are also rules about how large blinkers have to be but this probably meets them. In Europe, turn blinkers also have to be on the side of the car which would kinda ruin the aesthetic if you plop a standard light on the front quarter panel. But it's a concept car, so they don't really have to worry about any rules, much like runway fashion shows aren't meant to showcase ready-to-wear collections.
My guess is that you can use fins to practice underwater dolphin kicks to work your lungs, but it's not what you'd consider their primary focus. They're great for ankle flexibility for new swimmers and triathletes and can be a pretty solid leg workout. I also use them like a warm up (think the donut weights baseball players use). The resistance makes it much easier to feel the water once you take them off, like paddles.
How do you go about preparing for race day nutrition in the off season? My workouts are 90-120 minutes and don't require crazy fueling. I'm never anywhere near the 6-hour timeframe a half ought to take, much less a full. Even a 3 hour ride I'll do fasted or with just some electrolyte drinks. Other times I'll have a gel just to see how it agrees with me when working relatively hard. But this stuff is expensive to be using it will nilly for rides I can just do fasted.
Especially when you're dressed for weather in the 80s. I'm from New England, so I managed okay when I was up there but I could see some people being absolutely frozen up there.
So there are two types of races I've done. For a big race like this, bike drop off is 1–2 days beforehand. This makes it easier, logistically, but also allows USAT officials time to inspect bikes before the race. Smaller races you'll just do this the morning of the race (and may not be officially sanctioned races that require any sort of bike check). In either race, you will bring all your transition gear the day of the race and set it up on the ground next to your bike. Imagine a towel folded in half — around 12–16" by 24" or so for your transition space. I'm sure there are photos around that illustrate this, but you basically just have your bike shoes in one spot and your run gear next to it so it's easy to grab what you need for each leg. Helmet/sunglasses, etc can go on your aerobars if you have them, or just hang it from your bars. You don't often need much in transition and you're not usually given much space. Unless you're in a championship ITU race where you have a bucket to dump your stuff in and there's plenty of room between your bike and the next one 🤣 Any extra stuff you have, bags, etc you'd bring back to your vehicle or set off to the side of transition if allowed.
I just got some tubeless wheels and ran them in a race on some really rough roads. My hands, hoods, and random parts of the bike are covered in small orange dots. I'm not sure if glitter would be better or worse.
I don't worry so much about gear, but if people are being assholes about gear that's shitty. I did a triathlon last weekend which is a magnet for expensive bikes. I had the 1,424th fastest swim time out of around 1900–2000 people, so I'm obviously pretty slow, but my bike split was 314th so I passed close to 1000 people and plenty of them had tri bikes, deep section wheels, disc wheels, aero gear, etc. There was so much bike debris on the roads from potholes and poor road conditions, that it probably equaled the cost of my bike (face shields, bottles, cages, torpedo hydration units, etc). Some people can afford to drop a few grand on wheels or ten grand on a bike, and that's good for them. They shouldn't make you feel inferior because you're on a cheap bike, though. Sometimes a bike may not be *appropriate* but there are ways to handle that without shitting on someone or their bike. The fun thing about all of this, though, is that as much fun as it is to pass someone who's riding a super bike, it's even more fun to do it on a $700 endurance bike with the aerodynamics of a tank.
I think they're talking about the group ride phenomenon where the 16 mph B group is doing 28 on the flats and averaging 19 mph. I can do a 16mph average ride easy. But 19mph is harder than I'd prefer it to be and I don't necessarily feel like sprinting the flats. If I wanted a 19–21mph ride, I'd join the a group and know what I was in for. Sometimes there's a b-social group but when you want a moderate, 16 mph ride and your choice is a 14mph Z1 ride or balls to the wall 19+ mph ride it can be frustrating — especially when one of the rides is a 16–17mph option.
It's fairly common in retail for orders to be limited higher up the chain.ive never worked at HF, but the ability to order is often there, but fairly limited. Dams and RMs will see what you order and how much, so persistent orderers will often be well known but it doesn't change the inherent limits. We knew our customers well and how certain times of year would require a certain inventory, but getting corporate to okay the orders was often like pulling teeth. The idea is if you get two in and sell both of them, then that's good. If more people come in who want the chippers and they're OOS, well then they just have to come back which increases foot traffic. Obviously, this can annoy customers if it happens too much, but HF may not be terribly worried about this, given their niche. With something like a chippers which takes up a lot of space on the floor, in the back room, and on the truck a mis-order can be costly. Compare that with totes full of wrenches, tarps, and other shit which probably has decent margins and higher volume compared to a chipper. It's a delicate balance (generally) between keeping stock at acceptable levels but also not annoying customers away. A store like HF has more leeway here than, say, Lowe's, Auto Zone, or Rite-Aid which has fairly direct competitors who are often across the street.
Yeah, it's really tough in the hills here. I only went on one ride for the Solstice ride last year and I wasn't sure where to slot in, since it was so informal. They said fast people first, which I figured wasn't me, so I went off with the last group which was basically noodling and super boring, so I went off in search of any other group, only loosely knowing the route, and eventually caught up after drilling it for half an hour. I didn't know what group I caught, but I asked after and it was the B group, which is definitely in my wheel house, but apparently they were feeling peppy that day 🤣 Because the terrain is so varied I like to scope out the weekly shop rides on Strava just to kind of see what to expect, if I join one at some point. But like you said, it's tough because 17 mph average here can be all over the place. I'm not terribly strong at anything, but I'm not build for laying down watts on the flats and I never need descending skills when riding solo. It was still fun though, until I realized this group had left from the shop and was heading there, not back down the road from my house like the group I left with. 🙄
Every race is different on how they measure, and some don't at all. Those numbers probably work for either though, tbh. Your HIM is 5:16 though, so you probably know the drill. 1:20/100y is still fast, even if it's not as fast as /100m. Most Triathletes would kill to swim 1:30/100y too. The biggest corral is probably the 1:45–2:15ish range. Seeding is all over the place though, because most won't do it properly. At my last race people seeded themselves right in the front and were breast stroking and back stroking. Ironman seems to seed by estimated finish time, but Rev3 seeded by 100y pace. Some are just gender or AG waves.
It's also trivially easy to cheat by just saying you're 130 pounds when you're really 190, so that mediocre 250–300 ftp (3–3.5 w/kg) becomes a really strong rider at 4.25–5 w/kg. Zwift could do a lot to improve almost every facet of their platform. Honestly, their popularity rests mostly in the fact that no one else has bothered to try gamification.
160 bucks for running shoes is sort of average though, so it's not a bad price even if you aren't running a sub 3 marathon.
It's even easier if you just use Kilojoules since it's essentially 1:1 and if you're using a power meter it tells you the kJ. If you don't have power, then the number is a wild guess anyway so the Calorie estimate is useless and you might as well just use the First Beat algorithm.
Just for reference, for others, I'm a small dude with an ftp to match and my peak power during the race was 700 watts, which gives an idea of how short and punchy some hills could be. I certainly wasn't intending on going that deep. And most hills are vo2 Max area. But it's an awesome course. I think it's more fun than just drilling it straight and flat for hours. It keeps things interesting.
Make sure your friend is prepared to watch you die too, just in case. Gotta cover all your bases.
It's way more important for high impact sports like running. Honestly with cycling you'll probably stop just because you're exhausted or your ass hurts. But probably anyone could go from 0 riding to riding ten miles a day 6 days per week. Unless your fit is super bad or your cadence is 40 or something, you'd probably be fine.
Good bot
Well, impeachment proceedings open up discovery anyway. He also can't just sue Democrats. I guess he could argue he has standing but even then, the courts would dismiss the case for a variety of reasons, chiefly that Congress has the express authority to impeach any federal officer and the fact that this is a political question which they don't rule on. Trump's primary argument would be that he didn't do anything wrong or illegal and that this is an illegal witch hunt just to get rid of him and Congress has no grounds to remove him. The courts would tell him that it's not their place to decide that and it's up to Congress whether what he allegedly did applies. The only person who has any role tis Chief Justice John Roberts who would oversee the process in the Senate.
You can apply aerospace 303 to the rubber periodically (before it dries out and cracks) but right now there's nothing to do.
I use neoprene shorts more than any swimmer should and they've lasted two years just fine. Most Triathletes or OW swimmers would only use their wetsuit in a pool to get used to swimming in it if OW isn't an option for one reason or another. So it would only be a few times which won't destroy it. I imagine it would be super hot too, so I can't imagine doing thousands of yards in a pool while wearing a full wetsuit. If you rock a sleeveless there's probably no point testing it in the pool.
It's also worth considering that while Froome is a world class athlete, professional cyclists, especially climbers like Froome, have lower bone density and lower fat/muscle mass so their propensity for broken bones is higher than your average crit racer (or even a regular Joe. Nibali broke his back last year going like 7 mph.
There's also those little signs you can put up if they don't want to deal with talking to the neighbor.
I remember basically every interaction I've had with police. I've never been in any trouble, live in small communities where the cops know us, etc but it's still scary. One time I was messing around after work with my then-girlfriend and some other coworkers — just general teenage screwing around before we went home. Anyway, we all get in the car to leave and the entire police force blasts through both exits, surrounds my car, and are blinding me with their spotlights. Yeah, that was fun. They we're just doing their jobs, and asking repeatedly if she was okay was the right call, obviously, but our coworkers were also corroborating that we were just having fun. But someone had driven by and called the police saying I was beating a girl. I've literally never thrown a punch at anyone! Another time an officer questioned why I was at a ferry dock. Maybe it was the hoodie, I don't know, but I was at the dock...waiting for the ferry to go home. Shocker, right? But I think the *never talk to a police officer* advice is really situational. It can be easy to diffuse a situation and be on your way (admittedly, if you're in the right place and are white). If the Cop asked what I was doing there and told him to sod off because it's none of his business, then the rest of that confrontation is not going to go well. The Reddit meme of *Am I being detained‽* is another example of that. But if something is an active investigation, or you're asked in for questioning, then yes you shouldn't talk unless you have an attorney.
I've watched enough cat5 videos to know that just finishing in any kind of group would be an accomplishment. Dudes are pushing 25+ mph, 500+ watt surges, holding 200–250 watts? Yeah, that ain't gonna be me, and I don't have the race craft to sit in and do 100 watts until the last 500m; I'm a triathlete 🤣
So, obviously you should take the random advice of strangers on the internet with a heaping of salt, but this stuff changes pretty often and research is always ongoing. It's possible that your physio's are more old fashioned, follow different regimens, or —you know— know your body and your goals. Advice here will be generalized. However, you're doing a lot of reps three times per week and whether folks here are right or the physio is right, we can all agree that this work is tiring you out to the detriment of your running, which *isn't* your goal. So something has to change. Maybe try out a new program like the ones here are mentioning, or call your physio and ask about it. If they say it makes no sense and to do what you're already doing, then you need to reevaluate. Look into it yourself and see if there's something there. Why is the physio saying not to do it? Are they ignoring good science or do they have legitimate concerns? Generally, bigger, compound movements are popular since you can build strength without getting bulky, but it also requires your stabilizer muscles to keep everything in check. It's also why power racks are seen as better options than a Smith machine. I'd also work on plyometrics and other explosive exercises.
It really depends on a lot of factors. If you're younger, you can do more with lower injury risk. You can also probably go higher than 20%, but at 80/20 injury risk is very very low. Cycling is an endurance sport and you can do sub threshold work every day for months, which would technically be 100% hard 0% easy. The reality is with running and cycling that you just can't smash your legs day in and day out. Space out your hard days or target different systems in sequential days. A beginning runner shouldn't do this, but honestly a beginner runner should just run everything easy.
No, he left that and they have a new woman whose name escapes me as director. You don't hear about her because she isn't as overzealous as he was. She also scrapped the renaming. He may still be heading OMB though.
For sure, but BIFL/hobbyist also suffers from the problem where everyone has different expectations. I have a low end Victorinox knife that is t anywhere near the quality of a hand forged knife blade, but it also costs a fraction of the price. Will it last me my whole life? I don't know, but it's lasted me years, and I can easily resharpen it. Buying a knife that is 4–10x the price might feel better in the hand, get slightly better results, etc but also won't necessarily last me any longer. You can run into the same thing with shoes. *Oh, well I better get quality shoes that are resolable and welted because then they'll last me forever!* But that ignores how much more expensive they can be, that resoling isn't always dirt cheap, that inexpensive shoes can be resoled, and all kinds of other things that are really just excuses we use to justify buying something nicer to ourselves.
So basically, you'd run every day with a long run, threshold run, and intervals? What sort of mileage for your runs and what sort of overall mileage? Did you increase mileage at all, or do this once you built to a mileage you were happy with? Did you structure your long runs in any particular way, like a progression or was it the length that primarily made it a "hard" workout? Were the four easy runs all in the recovery/aerobic range? How did you structure your week? I'm guessing something like MWF Easy, TuTh Hard and the long run on either Saturday or Sunday with the other day easy? I know it's not uncommon to group hard days together if they target different systems and it's something Pfitz writes about, just curious. I'm still building up my mileage (around 46–48mpw now) but I'm in the process of seeing what works and what doesn't and how I'd like to tweak the Pfitz plan before it starts in earnest, while also fitting in some bike workouts and strength and conditioning.
And I will! But if I'm going to do a 200 mile, all day race I want to be able to enjoy it and for me that means having a certain level of fitness, not having anxiety about my wife having to deal with little ones all day in a totally foreign place, and just feeling comfortable with it. It's the same approach I have towards other events. Could I run a marathon? Probably, but I wouldn't enjoy a 4.5 hour marathon. Same with a full Ironman — if I could get the time to train I've no doubt I could finish, but I don't want to finish in 16 hours because I wouldn't find that enjoyable; I'd much rather wait until I can feel comfortable doing it in 10 hours or so. I'm still pretty new to cycling, running, and swimming so I've got time for bucket list style races. And time to get better while my kids get older and can actually enjoy spectating 🙄
The funny bit is you probably think you're in /r/icepops
One of my local Strava friends did this and I had no idea what it was, but he and his group averaged 24 mph and did it in under 8 hours which is bonkers.
I wish I knew the power data, but it's a Strava estimate type deal since I'm pretty sure he didn't average 536 watts for 8 hours 🤣 I raced a TT series against him, and while he beat me handily, it wasn't *that* handily.
My brother had a pickup truck when he had two kids and he's been bitter about selling it, but I like to tease him for it because he is an accountant who has literally no use for a truck. I have a minivan and the great thing about it is that it can do a lot of what a truck would. I can't get a bed dumped full of mulch or anything, but I can fit 4'x8' sheets of plywood, snow blowers, lawn mowers, etc in there. And if I wanted to, I could get a trailer to make that stuff even easier. But it also fits my four kids way more comfortably, all our shit, all our bikes, and all kinds of stuff better than a pick up truck would.
There isn't a handy list or anything, but the UK should have lots of options, maybe less so in random rural areas though. What I would look for is UK cordwainer, bespoke shoes UK, etc — maybe even substituting UK for various cities near you. Savile Row has options, like James from Carreducker but there are lots and lots of bespoke shoemakers in England and the wider UK.
Right, but for most people any interaction with a police officer isn't something that warrants being mirandized. I've had maybe a dozen interactions with police officers and never once been read my rights because I'm not a suspect in any crimes. But Reddit makes it out like you should never answer a cop ever. Period. Ever. No questions asked. But say you're in an auto accident and a cop asks you what happened. Normally, you'd just tell them. But if you're Reddit and just yell *Am I being detained?!* or refuse to answer their questions you're not doing yourself any favors. I suppose if you're just a witness to one you could refuse to talk with no ill effects, but you could also be doing a disservice to the people involved because you're denying them that potential evidence. It's totally situational, and I think common sense plays a big role here. If you've been mirandized, you shut your fucking mouth. If you haven't, then you play it by ear. If you're black, that may mean you are more hesitant to cooperate (but not in an antagonistic way). But at the same time, sometimes cooperating is the easiest way. I mentioned a time I was at a ferry port and a cop questioned me. I was in a hoody and it was probably dark if I had to guess, and he asked what I was doing there. I could have refused to tell him, but where would that have gotten me? It would have made me look super suspicious and I don't really need to give a cop reason to be suspicious of me; I had somewhere to be. So I just told him why I was there: to catch the next ferry, and I was early because it's how the bus schedule panned out.
Just for future reference, the Moogle Market changes, if you aren't there yet. It still uses regular moogle credits for the basic stuff, and now only uses two of the new dark world credits. There are new credits like quest points, prestige credits, streak credits, etc
There's no reason to have extra resource buildings, since you'll be at capacity basically 100% of the time. At a certain point they will give you trillions of resources as event rewards.
I'm not a lawyer, so I can't cite any statute of regulation, but it's fairly common to have a lawyer with you when you testify before Congress, since misspeaking can potentially carry severe consequences. She didn't have her personal attorney there, since it didn't warrant it, but the WH lawyer made sense, even if it was a farce.
Hard mode
I know for me it's that my legs sink. My kick blows too, but it's not so bad I stay in place or go backwards like some AOS/Triathletes.
Seems like a real waste of money, if you ask me.
TR talked about some studies and the consensus was that: * You really need 8 hours * You *can* get too much sleep * Naps are good, but no substitute for a poor night's sleep * You can't make up sleep * You can kind of bank sleep * Even losing out on an hour of sleep could have huge impacts on everything (not just fitness) * We are impacted by even the slightest amount of light. Not like, *I opened up the fridge to get a glass of milk* or *I went to the bathroom and there's a night light on* even type of light. They've talked about a study a couple times now where researchers shined an LED on someone's leg for some incredibly short duration and it actually negatively impacted their sleep. Now think of the notification LED on your phone and all the other tiny blinking lights all over your room
Yeah, but that would have required the other comment to read. These articles often have few facts to add, so who voted how are pretty key ones, since most aren't going into detail on the legal facts.
Straight men haven't exactly been persecuted for being straight men...
Some acts won't play songs for awhile because of it. IIRC, Radiohead didn't start playing Creep again until fairly recently. Bands will also often change up how they play a song.
Yeah my PB is 6:27 last year and I run 50 mpw now and I don't think I could hit anywhere near sub 5 by the end of the year.
I also drag the minimal window down so I just see the important data at the top. Usually it's in the black bar section that's masked out in Netflix anyway.
I could get more elevation running on the track.
I mean, if you knew he was signed up for a race, anyone could follow him. If you can run anywhere near a sub 3, it should be plainly obvious pretty quickly if he's legitimate or not. If he's running 8:00 from the gun, that's a huge negative split he'd need to pull off. But beyond that, you can just physically keep an eye on him. I imagine he's less likely to cheat if there are people there, and if you're there you can catch him.
I understand that roads and grass are everywhere, and velodromes can't be but I wish I didn't have to travel over 100 miles just to try riding on one and falling on my face 30 seconds in. Or to be able to take my kids to see a race. I mean, I could almost certainly see a Roller Derby match easier. I wish road races were more common here, too, but I understand how much of a pain in the ass permitting can be. It's just frustrating that most road race options here are just expensive, untimed grand fondos that you could just ride anytime for free, or worse require insane fundraising.
Yeah, I commented elsewhere that changing this to a super league type format would make it really dynamic and you could even do it with waves/different events as a tournament. I don't think it's as dynamic as triathlon superleague events if you just have the 90s rule and eliminations each mile. With Triathlon, you have to be good at all three disciplines and at different distances, because of the 90s rule. But you could sort of recreate this by having various events of different distances and the waves drawn at random. Say you're drawn for a 400m wave, do you absolutely drill it to get the extra points that come with a higher placing, or do you conserve something in the event you get drawn again for the next race, because I wouldn't want to run a 5k right after going to the absolute rivet for 400m just before. It would be far more dynamic too than your traditional race pacing, where you effectively would just drop a couple people off the end each few laps like a cat 5 bike race.
It sounds like she was saying that when a lot of people think of rape they think of the rape fantasy type stuff, and not what the realities of rape are truly like. I think that some of that is changing, but given her age, I imagine for most of her life that's actually been true. I mean, my generation grew up with people saying if you witness a rape, you don't yell *rape!*, you yell *fire!* because people will run away from a rape but try to help if they think there's a fire, though I don't know if that's actually true (now or in the past). Regardless, that snippet is awkward at best and I think AC is trying to give her a minute to step back.
The answer is zero right? None of us has ever done this; we;re adults — we have our shit together.
What sort of mileage progression do people make year over year? I'm an adult-onset runner, so last year I peaked around 40 now and I've been building my base up since April where I'm at 55mpw now in prep for Pfitz' 63mpw half marathon plan. I'm not planning on being high mileage any time soon, I'm just curious, since I imagine people don't just run 4on/1rest in perpetuity adding 10% each week. Is there a sort of yearly upper bounds people try not to go over, or a standard yearly mileage increase? For me, I can see myself sticking to the 50–60 mpw range for the foreseeable future and probably dropping down once my half marathon is over and I focus more on Triathlon.
I think this is why it's so hard for me to run fast. Clearly my muscle memory has this slow pace ingrained. 🙄
SCOTUS has long ruled that political questions are not within their purview. The interesting thing about this is that getting a constitutional amendment is essentially impossible now, but state constitutional amendments can be comparatively fairly easy. Should voters in states approve constitutional amendments against political gerrymandering, and get nonpartisan commissions or whatever to create maps, then federal courts can't really do anything about it.
If he raped a dude with butt sex I'm sure they'd move beyond furrowed brows.
Probably because they imagine where they go and it's icky, especially in the context of their daughters. But then they'd probably feel the same for their wives and, presumably, they don't mind those vulvas. So maybe it's just the ick factor of the blood and how foreign it feels to a man that a woman just like...bleeds for 5 days or so. I don't have an issue buying that shit for my wife though, so it's just a guess.
The New England handsewn cottage industry is also quite different from most shoe manufacturers. A boot from Viberg, Red Wing, Alden, et al will always be made in-house, but handsewns in Maine can operate a little differently.
You can try tensing your quads really tight to redirect blood flow, but I don't think anyone will really think much of it. I imagine they might tease you about it, but you can just love something right back. That's assuming you're a tight knit team and not in a place where you feel like they'd beat you up over your sexuality. I'd like to think most places now have enough people who don't care about folks being gay that this would be a non-issue, but I know not everywhere is. I could also see a guy joking with you about getting boners when you look at him as a light hearted tease if they knew. Only you can be the judge of how to approach this and what tactics to try, but I imagine you're overthinking it. Good luck!
I think that as endurance athletes, our weight trend will naturally tend to look like the elevation profile of a rolling road race. We hit our lowest weight when we train the most, and then after a big race or in the off season we train less and put more weight on, but we also care less about a few pounds here or there.
Check the sidebar, it's usually there. If you use the Reddit app, it's in the menu (3 vertical dots) in the main subreddit page.
I don't think I could run the same route every day for years on end, because I enjoy exploring and use running and cycling to do so, but I'm not opposed to my fair share of monotony either, since 77 of my last 95 miles or so have been on the track and there aren't many lunatics out there running 12 miles on the track at a clip.
Right, but it's also all he's got. He hasn't done a lot of press and events because he's aware of his weaknesses, especially in this primary, especially against people like Warren and Sanders. He's ancient and been in Congress forever, but Sanders has been in office too, so it's easy for him to shrug and say, *well I didn't support bussing, acquiesce to segregationists, or put my thumb on the scale when it came to Anita Hill* He can't speak to his progressive bonafides, so all he can do is talk about Obama and how he's worked with the other side of the aisle (even when they were awful) and how he can do that again now and restore some civility to politics, hoping that his appeal will be that he's not necessarily the best Democrat in the race or the most progressive, but rather the best chance to beat Trump. The biggest issue with that strategy is that it only really works if none of the other candidates make a compelling case that they can beat Trump and I'm not sure that's true now, much less when the primaries start.
Salary is 400k with some travel and other expense accounts. They have to pay for their own meals, dry cleaning, and other stuff even if it's something in-house. College Athletics coaches make far more in salary, but POTUS has massive earnings potential after leaving office.
I don't see anything wrong with that mountain bike trail.
Long distance triathlons require more muscle mass because you need more durability. The added strength also helps when you're 8, 10, 12+ hours in. They also require upper body strength because of swimming whereas most elite runners and World Tour road cyclists have the upper bodies of a bird. Being a good triathlete just requires a well-rounded body.
Garfield was assassinated 6 months into his presidency. He had so little time in office some historians don't even list him in their presidential ranking lists because he didn't have time to accomplish anything. McKinley is forgotten by lay people, maybe, but it's because most people don't care about US history and presidential history. If you asked random Americans to list as many presidents as they could, you'd probably get more people who'd say Ben Franklin than Taylor, Garfield, McKinley, Taft, Cleveland, etc. It doesn't mean those presidents didn't accomplish a lot though. McKinley was an important, above average president who presided at an important time for the country, but most importantly the Republican party. He wasn't a trailblazer president, which knocks him some, but he wasn't a caretaker president either.
Can confirm; have four kids and expectations are very low.
Right, but I'm not comparing Triathletes to this guy, I'm comparing elite Triathletes to elite runners. Pro Triathletes aren't massive, but compared to a Kipchoge or a Chris Froome, they're built quite differently. The neat thing about Triathlon is that there isn't one standard body type either. Frodeno looks like a giant, skinny monster but Sanders or Kienle definitely have more mass on them.
The obvious solution here is to have a true fantasy league for a made up race, say, The Tour d'Eiffel. You could have made up teams and players likes Bored Mangrove with star astronomer-cum-cycling Carl Sagan. Team Sauron with their injured leader Cristobal vroom vroom, and team Meriden's Enzo Nibbler.
Inexpensive and they look alright. I use mine for running and I don't really have any complaints. If I lost them or they broke I wouldn't be heart broken. I think I've had them a year now and they've held up fine.
If you pedal fast enough, the turbulent wind will propel you.
Probably pretty easy to tame that good boye with a bag of dog treats, though. It may bark at first, but if you aren't home you won't hear it.
I wouldn't count most of that, since you have to grocery shop, cook, and eat whether you're a Triathlete or not. I'd add in a little time for any extra meals or snacks you may have due to workouts, but you shouldn't need to be adding that much time.
Exactly. It makes zero sense as a response to the Iran situation. This could easily be explained by *POTUS regularly makes bad decisions* which would be a crazy invocation of the 25th amendment.
I like it. Honestly only downside is if it's heavy enough and you get sloshing in your shoes.
I imagine it would feel incredibly claustrophobic. You can spend a week here or there and never feel enclosed, but after a month, a year, etc...you can't really go anywhere. I can hop in the car and head to Boston, VT, NY, etc or even take a quick flight to Iceland but in Hawaii, you're effectively trapped. Want to go Vermont? That's gonna be a few thousand dollars and a 14+ hour flight that ruins two entire travel days.
Yeah, I'm actually taking 2020 off from Triathlon because swimming is hard and expensive. I realized that only doing two races turns my local 70.3 into a pretty expensive race. I thought about trying some crits, but getting back on the bike this week and testing at an ftp of 207 is really making me reconsider, haha.
That would cost my family at least $4,000.
Yeah, my diet isn't the best, but I'm not going to Kona either. Exercise and fitness for me are about mitigating my diet as much as I can. I love ice cream, pizza, burgers, grilled cheese, yogurt, cereal, etc. I made a pretty bangin' steak for me and my son after Christmas too and I don't normally enjoy steak that much.
I live next to the high School, but the pool is only open to the public during the summer and only during a couple hours in the day when my wife is at work and I'm at home with all four of them.
That tweet was in reference to a team of Marines arriving at the US embassy in Baghdad in response to the violence and protests. It got traction for a couple reasons. The first is that when people were first writing about it, they left out the link to the article about the marines, so the context was: hey look what he sent just before the airstrike! He doesn't even have a security clearance and his dad is telling him about super secret missions before they happen! The second, is that he deleted the tweet which made it harder to point out what the context was. I imagine he deleted it because of all the talk/blowback referred to in point 1 above and not because he'd actually been told. Anything is possible with this administration, but I wouldn't presume the tweet was about the airstrike.
That's what's so stupid though. It isn't like he couldn't trash Trump where he really, really deserves it. Even if Trump were removed, Pence would be able to push through anything Trump would. Pence wouldn't constantly say stuff that's batshit insane either. The calculus is probably that standing by him just banks on polarization doing the dirty work for him and not making things worse for the party in 2020 and beyond. It's a gamble, but McConnell knows his stuff so it's probably not as much of a gamble as it seems, so there's little reason for him to raise objections, which is incredibly sad and upsetting.
Wasn't there a giant octorock terrorizing laurelin village that the Zora king defeated?
I believe it's really handy for track cyclists and training leg speed, since they may have to spin upwards of 130 rpm. It's not really something a Triathlete or GC rider needs to bother with.
I think everyone is arguing past each other. There's insurance fraud, like taking a $200 beater and bribing a bike shop to say it would cost 3 grand to replace, and legitimate, if inflated, replacement costs. Insurance is weird. You can have a house fire and need a toaster replaced and depending upon how you list it, it can cost wildly different amounts. "Toaster" will get you a $9.99 Mr. Toaster. Four-slot toaster with blue LED might get you some ass-random specialist toaster that costs $300. It doesn't matter if your toaster is an 8-year-old $25 GE toaster. So if you have a rare part, you can note it and look at what it would cost to get that exact part. If you have dura ace, you can itemize the whole groupset. You can itemize a frame, etc too. You can sort of pick and choose where certain phrasing benefits you at the expense of the insurance company without overtly committing fraud. But you *can* commit fraud. *Oh yeah. This is definitely going to be $1800 in parts plus another, ohhhh, $1200 in labor, sure.* At the end of the day, you're just coming up with a number for the insurance company. In the scene of payouts, a bike claim is going to be miniscule compared to pretty much any other claim so if you say it's going to be 3 grand, they're not going to fight back and argue it should be more like 2 grand, because it's pennies to them. And if you do this through your own insurance (or a lawyer) they can do this arguing for you so you don't get steamrolled.
Newt is a piece of shit, but let's not conflate being a shitty husband to being a serial child predator. Yes, it's all bad, but there are *degrees of bad* and it's hard to come close to Hastert. Pelosi is obviously light years away from both of them.
I think it works better when the movie costs $20,000 to make and not $90 million.
Being able to use a physical dictionary and using Google to find a definition are basically the same, Google is just quicker. It's also *better* if you don't really know how to spell a word it will help you there too. Sure, maybe in a power outage being so reliant on tech is a negative, but for at least a few decades now that's been the case. For essentially every other scenario being able to seamlessly use tech is a net positive.
I feel like this is a pretty natural skill we pick up over time. I'd also argue there's a significant difference between googling a definition (as opposed to finding a dictionary and looking up the word) and doing actual research. They may be related, but they're different skills.
I think the point is that low/no carbs is incredibly far from easy to start or maintain. Plus, for many sports it would inhibit performance. For other sports, however it can be advantageous, but you can actually get the same adaptations by doing a 6-8 week program of zero/low carb.
He's also old and conservative, older suiting is generally pretty baggy and loose fitting.
That seems like an understatement.
I think it's meant to be funny but also reflective for the OP and not actually translate to anyone else. Being vegan, Omni, vegetarian, carnivore, keto, wfpb, pescetatian, or any other diet alone isn't going to have any real meaningful impact on weight and weight alone is not a terribly useful metric. I can be an omnivore and eat healthy. I can be a vegan and eat only Oreos. I can be a vegan and be a sloth or I can be an omnivore who's in the gym 7 days a week. It's all about the total lifestyle, which diet plays a role of course, but isn't really a deciding factor. I suppose the exception might be wfpb since it's harder to snack and you can eat a metric shit ton of food (potentially). But even then, being sedentary and eating lots of nuts and avocadoes probably wouldn't do you any favors.
The House managers could get it as part of the impeachment trial, but there's probably no legitimate way to move it from the Senate to the House. And they can't just read it during the trial.
If the Senate takes Bolton's testimony it would be available to the House managers. They'd probably be actively involved, since the Senate doesn't do the actual deposing (they just vote on the motion to allow it). The defense and prosecution will perform the actual deposing. Otherwise, there would be no point. What would the value be in deposing a witness and not allowing the defense or prosecution to access it. This isn't a standard court case, but normally any evidence or witness testimony a side wants to use is shared with opposing counsel. You don't have to share exact questions, but you do need to share topics. This allows both sides to prepare (it's also why TV "surprise witnesses" are bullshit). If one were to argue that the Senate can do whatever they want and they allow the deposition but disallow the House managers access, then who is asking the questions? In what manner is the testimony meant to be used, because if it isn't available to counsel then there's no point in bothering to allow it in the first place. Also, Trump's defense couldn't use it either.
"just use a competitor's app and transfer it over to ours!" Also Strava: *we reserve the right to refuse to share data you share with us with other companies*. It's so crazy that literally no other company has this problem and Strava has had several rounds of funding.
I also don't think R+14 is what I'd qualify as close or contested. It takes more than a Democratic opponent raising lots of money to sway that many points. For Doug Jones it took being against a literal pedophile.
They're good, but I'm usually there to hear his guest and not him. Intros are fine, but his are really long and I'm not usually interested in what he has as to say in them since I'm not a die hard Maron fan.
Yeah and our air numbers are great. We've got 100% air 👍
Except that if they have materials showing Hunter Biden was committing crimes, they'd refer them to the DoJ who would pursue the case. The alternative is that he has them, and is withholding them to what? Blackmail Biden after getting the nomination? That wouldn't be a very good look.
We donated our old car to NPR.
Most sports have a world federation that sets the rules, so you'd likely go the same direction in Qatar and Canada, whether it's the 5k track event or riding in a velodrome. I don't think there are many sports where you go around a track though. Speed skating, track cycling, certain running events, horse racing, Nascar... I'm sure there are others?
Wouldn't they need to match the lot number though? If a product was tainted, it would (most likely) be from the same lot if it wasn't purposefully tainted in every batch.
Roberts admonished both sides for their conduct which was honestly unbecoming of Senate decorum.
I'm an Omni and I wouldn't attribute anyone's behavior to their diet unless it's meth. Beans don't make you crazy; meth does.
Not for nothing, but it's shitty to pull that stunt regardless of their credentials, and I don't imagine he knows her background that well. I listen to NPR every day and make monthly donations and I certainly don't know her educational background.
To be fair, outside of Reddit politics which is a pretty niche group, I bet almost nobody has read it. Most *here* probably haven't even read it. Average Americans aren't going to go online and search out the memo/transcript to read.
The point is that it's one of the long-standing rules of the Senate and one of the things that has made it what it is today (McConnell notwithstanding). If you co tract it to, say, the House of Commons you'd see how they're very different. The booing and jeering is hilarious as an outsider of course but it doesn't really allow for actual debate. It's just old guys shouting at each other.
He's already settled on crazy Bernie. I honestly thing he actually likes Bernie though. Bernie is a bit of an outsider too (which is ludicrous since he's been in politics for so long).
Any particular reason? I hate coconut and the smell of coconut (though I still use coconut milk to cook for my wife all the time), but if you use refined coconut oil, there shouldn't be a coconut aroma/taste.
Just to clarify, Trump might actually be meaning to say he's *harder* on trade than Bernie. Trump has a weird pattern of speaking and worse here might not mean, *I'm worse on trade than Bernie* but rather *I'm worse for our trade partners (because I'm so tough on trade)*. The giveaway is that he says he can do something about the trade system but wasn't sure Bernie could, because maybe Bernie wouldn't go as far or be as tough as he was. But parsing Trump is obviously difficult.
Even if it was snug, all you'd need to do is loosen/tighten the cup hooks and it would fall out.
We should acknowledge that it's also quite different from a grand jury as it was public and had the trappings of a trial. That doesn't necessarily mean the defense ought to be able to question witnesses (though, GOP members basically acted in that capacity) but it's understandable why the public and others might wonder why the president and his team weren't more involved. The answer to that is essentially that they wouldn't meet the Judiciary's high standards for involvement, namely full cooperation with subpoenas, documents, and sought testimony. If you're the administration and know that information wouldn't help your case any, there's no reason to bother cooperating, especially if you can just rail about the process on Twitter as brutally unfair.
I actually support Bernie, but I think it's naive to think he (or any candidate) isn't without flaws, and so supporters ought to be able to talk about them. Joe Biden is old too. So is Trump. Even Warren is old. Are they *too* old? That's a different question, but it's a reasonable discussion to have for anyone in that high stress a job well above retirement age. But the bigger challenge is just how he'd accomplish various things and what his actual plans are because they can be a bit murky at times. Would he want to overturn the filibuster? Would fellow supporters find that idea a persuasive one to get his ideas through? Or is he banking on taking the house, Senate, and presidency with a massive 14+ seat Senate victory? How would he deal with some of the challenges of a public healthcare system to avoid some of the pitfalls other countries have? How would we deal with our country being so much larger than, say, England. I think Warren could talk about education more. I think it takes more than just putting a public school teacher in charge of the department. All of our favored candidates, no matter what party you're in will have shortcomings and flaws.
*Did you hear that?* It's the sound of a crumpled ball of paper hitting the trash can in Leader McConnell's office.
Yeah these statistics can be easy to fudge. If I wanted to protest I'd have to travel to a city. I suppose I could protest in my town with my family in town, but we'd be the only people there and can make more of an impact in the city. There are also people who work or regularly travel to the cities but don't actively live there. Similarly, I was reading about how most of the Minneapolis PD don't live in Minneapolis, but I thought that was a bit misleading too. Sure, having cops from the suburbs might be less than ideal (say, having more local cops) but there are a ton of reasons you might not live in the city. It's more a product of our culture than anything.
Some of the hate against Biden isn't because he's forgetful, that's just how Trump spins it. Biden has a speech impediment which is arguably even worse, because it's just Trump continuing to make fun of disabilities.
To be fair, I just clicked the link above and while I agree it's weird with the whole standings/tournament thing on there it's actually really simple to find from the chess24 main page. The very top banner is all about today's game and takes you right to it and below that is a link and time for future events, like tomorrow's game, banter blitz, and others. It seems like the link above just isn't ideal maybe?
True. WH press spox during 45 haven't been known for feigning compassion, they just flat out blame others. You're right.
Maybe I'm naive, but usually you want your 401k going up to numbers, not down to numbers.
I'm curious what your Sprint power with this set up looks like if it gives you an FTP of almost 500.
In the US, police conduct the investigatory phase (and detain the accused). The government then decides whether or not to prosecute based on a number of factors (leniency, skin color, amount of evidence, ability to prove case, etc). The judge or jury then decides guilt. In a jury trial, the judge exists mostly to explain the law to the jury, enforce rules, decorum, etc. In some cases the judge can determine guilt (or even override the jury, but that's rare). But when cops start beating the shit out of people or killing them, I suppose they act like all three.
Pretty standard, tbh. It's way better to turn yourself in than to wait for someone to turn you in.
By that logic they can just mow everyone down with semiautomatic weapons. *I don't see a problem; their orders were to clear the square and they did so, per deputy commissioner Gramaglia. They weren't told how to do it, who to clear, or not to use deadly force.*
Right, but the answer to overcriminalizing black people isn't to give white people the same punishment, it's to realize that the prison system is the place of last resort, not first. There are a million ways to rehabilitate this asshole and teach him a lesson that isn't a year or more in prison for basically shoving a guy and grabbing a girl's arm.
Sent you a message! If you already have these plants I understand. 😊
I think they're all actually pothos as I had to look up the difference since I can never remember, haha.
I think it's mixed. I think most of us dislike it but also like it. It's a live hate relationship. I will say, when you're in the groove it's very zen and peaceful to swim. If you can manage it in a race it's even better, but usually in a race all hell has broken loose, people are all over you, swimming in different directions, etc. But once the scrum passes, it can settle down and you're on your own and it's nice. It's just very easy to let your nerves get to you. You can't see anything, salt water is gross. Waves smash you in the face. The buoys never seem to come. Sighting is pretty hard. But the great thing about Triathlon is that is doesn't feel as long as it is. In the water you sorta lose the concept of time, so you get out 45 minutes later, maybe, but this is when the race feels like it's starting. So then you cruise on your bike for a couple hours. Easy peasy. Then you run for a couple hours. Since it's three disciplines broken up, the day doesn't feel quite as grueling (at least for 70.3 and below. A full Ironman probably sucks).
It seems dumb to argue that Finegold hasn't tried to grow chess when he has years of videos teaching little kids chess. Hikaru has like a month teaching twitch streamers how to play chess
Us white people sure have had it rough. All the presidencies, kingdoms, queendoms, billionaires, etc. We also have that long period where we were lynched for the color of our skin, sold as property, seen as less than human... Oh wait no that was black people.
Except you wouldn't be able to castle. But for other moves this would work.
I'll start off by saying that I'm guessing you're completely against people eating meat and animals kept in any way for consumption is inhumane, so I'm not trying to argue to convince you of anything. I'll also add that, I think most people who eat meat would agree that the way animals are treated for us to get food is incredibly inhumane and shitty. Animal rights folks would count slaughter as abuse (and that's fair, after all I can't fathom a way to argue that killing an animal isn't abusive on its face. And no amount of *we do it as quick and painlessly as possible* really counters that fact). So let's put aside that bit for this next bit. Most farms are shitty, yes. You simply can't run a large factory farm in a way that's humane. It's expensive and you need to maximize profit. And it sucks and it's bullshit. However, there are plenty of small, local community farms that truly love their animals and treat them well. It's more expensive, but it also tastes better. But it's hard/impossible to do this sort of livestock farming on a large scale. It's one of just many problems with factory farming as you point out. Most people don't know, and don't want to know, how their food is made but I think if someone is going to eat meat it's important for them to be familiar with it. As for antibiotics, that's a thornier issue. There are, of course, lots of issues with farms adding antibiotics to feed and just mass innoculating their animals which has downstream effects on us, but one reason farmers avoid the organic labeling is that it requires them to forego antibiotics and the fact is sometimes animals need them. For some farmers, it's a choice on whether they properly care for their animals or just let them get sick and go untreated so they can label their meat organic. Again, this is just another reason to utilize small farms rather than giant farms. A good rule of thumb I have for evaluating farms is actually a pretty simple one. *Hey can I come visit your farm?* If they say yes, then it's probably a good farm. If they say no, there could be legitimate reasons as farms can be dangerous, but it's a potential reason to avoid them. I was friends with some families from Wisconsin. Both families were agricultural farmers, so they didn't raise animals but they both had animals. One family would have cattle essentially as a house pet but the other family was, erm, slightly different. They still raised their cattle as a pet, but when it reached the end of it's life, they'd send it to be slaughtered and then they'd end up eating the meat and using everything else so it didn't go to waste. They'd use the opportunity to reminisce about the animal, and were very clear that it was x animal and not just *burgers for dinner*. One time I was out there and going for a walk and you walk by all these farms and the cows are just the best. They're like giant dogs who run and follow you around and are so happy. But sometimes I'd walk up to a farm that was definitely a factory farm and they very clearly told me that I shouldn't be there. Like I said, I'm not here to change your views, but I think people who are here and eat meat should be more mindful of the meat they eat. And we omnivores can't be perfect either. Sometimes we can't get to the good store and were stuck at the regular grocery store. But the more we can support the hood farms, the better it is for everybody.
You do you man. I don't know that I could ever hunt an animal, but I think if you do you really ought to eat it (otherwise what's the point?) We use almond milk a lot with cooking. I'll buy two cases of it from Costco at a time. But we also use cow's milk. Oat milk is pretty good, especially if you make it into chocolate milk.
Got banned so he didn't risk winning a match.
If thinking like an L doesn't work, can you try something like *two over, one up*? Alternatively, it's also a short diagonal where you cut through squares rather than travel along them like a bishop or queen.
Only if your rating is 700-800 and you curse into a microphone and/or declare you're amazing at chess before getting mated in 6.
You should be more specific, since Keegan Swenson is a pro mountain biker (and current XC national champion). His stats are pretty insane too. I'm happy that if someone beat him it was Morton though. That dude is the best.
That's a fair critique, but it's really a critique of everesting in general. But the rules are to go up and down the same hill for the required ascent, and to not have any areas where you could carry speed. But he missed it on time anyway.
Looks like a Masterlock dropped from, oh, 9-10 feet.
Once a Sky train, always a Sky train.
I haven't been able to find a timeline to figure out when I last logged in, but I just started back on one of my accounts and the IGN is still there. Reboot came out in Dec 2015 and I definitely stopped playing well before that.
There are not that many big, great gravel races so it makes sense. On the east coast there's...rasputista? One race in an entire year?
&gt;For example, many older women were self conscious of large feet, and chose to wear a running shoe half a size too small. While this is normal, there were occasionally extreme examples of this, such as a size 9 foot jammed in size 7 shoes and utter dissonance. This is one of the benefits to running shoes for me. My boots all make it very apparent that I have small feet, but when I buy running shoes I start to feel almost normal buying size 9s.
Just to clarify, .org isn't specifically reserved for not-for-profits. Lichess is a good example of a NFP using a .org top level domain, but I just don't want people to read this and assume that .org means the site/organization is benevolent or anything. Craigslist's website is under .org for example.
The enemy of my enemy is my friend.
What about this tells you it *isn't safe in any way*? It's basically a home made full squish p5x e-bike. It has an extra cross-bar type thing for support with the top tube too. The welds look reasonable. It's definitely a weird bike but unless I'm missing something it doesn't look especially dangerous aside from being handmade, and lots of people make their own weird ass bike frames.
I mean, in the US cycling is barely a footnote as it is, and track cycling is even more distant than that. Road cycling is difficult to organize which is why we mostly have criteriums. Even as a cyclist and a fan of cycling it's hard to get behind a sport that's not even in my region. It's basically surfing.sure, I may be next to the ocean but no one surfs within 1,000 miles of me. Also, you shouldn't take *nobody cares about track cycling* literally. It would be like saying nobody cares about steeplechase. Obviously, people do, but the accolades in track are the 100m, 200m, 5k, 10k. Even the heptathlon/decathlon are basically also-rans and winners are considered the fittest people on earth. Remember, we're saying who would be the Usain bolt of cycling so we are talking about someone everyone recognizes and knows even if they don't follow the sport at all. A track cyclist could totally do that, but it We could argue, though, that it's just as much about attitude as it is palmares. Bolt didn't become who he is just because he was fast. It was also his personality and antics. The Usain Bolt of cycling is probably Lance Armstrong. Or the next Lance. Sagan has the personality for it, but it's too hard to dominate road cycling as a whole or even in part, really.
Probably rode it many miles problem free until it got run over by a dump truck. He's been trying to sell it to a sucker ever since. Not technically a lie.
It's like Bond. People come into the series with a certain Doctor who appeals to them, so it sucks when they're replaced and you become nostalgic for them. I'll be pretty bummed when Daniel Craig is gone as Bond, for example. Whoever plays Wolverine next is going to have a hell of a time. Can anyone but RDJ really be Iron Man? Then there are other characters, like Spider Man. Tobey Maguire was exactly who Peter Parker should be and Andrew Garfield wasn't. It can be jarring when you get attached to a certain characterization of The Doctor and then they're replaced by a different one. But let's be real, they're all great, though I haven't had a chance to catch up on the show since the new Doctor was added.
This is the movie Jon Stewart should have made.
Yeah, I played in whatever the global equivalents are for 2003– summer 2012.
Ask a Cyclist podcast from TrainerRoad. It's not the latest one but the one before it, IIRC.
Fancy seeing you here! As others have said, the mile isn't a common race distance. Altitude does play a role, but I'm not sure how much it plays in a shorter event like this, but someone who lives and trains at elevation wouldn't be as affected as someone who lives at sea level and went to CO for the meet.
