For presenting an award? That’s a little harsh. It’s not like he went on about how amazing a man he is. I’d say fuck that entire audience that gave him a standing ovation.
But he didn’t accept it. He said the academy accepts it on his behalf. And as far as I know, Harrison Ford is not in the academy.
Am I the only one that hears him say the ***academy*** congratulates him, and accepts this award on his behalf? Where are people hearing Ford saying he’s accepting the award for him?
Christ bro, calm down. I just see an actor presenting an award. No need to flip your shit.
People on the internet are hilarious. A picture of Margot Robbie turns into a text version of a screaming match over who has better taste in movies lol.
&gt;blacklisted from all gas stations That is an amazing punishment.
I remember painted on the crosswalks in London: “Traffic comes from your right”. Or something to that effect.
God, that’s terrifying.
Ain’t that the truth. Example: you can smoke in some bars in Alabama, smoke in the casinos in Vegas, can’t smoke indoors anywhere in California, and in the city of Manhattan Beach in Southern California, you can’t smoke in public anywhere. Age of tobacco purchase in Arkansas is 18, but 21 in a few counties within the state. Also, it’s illegal to own a pinball machine in El Monte, CA. This place is fuckin weird.
I’m guessing it varies by region? I’ve lived in California for the last 15 years or so, in the Bay Area and Los Angeles, And I’ve encountered exactly one person that talked like a surfer bro. Maybe it’s more prominent in San Diego?
Yep, the membrane can get wrapped around the impellers and cause damage to your disposal. I fucked up one before by putting potato skins down, before I knew it was bad. Over time, they turned into some weird paste and caused the blades to stick.
They make these little balls filled with citrus scents for your disposal. Definitely will make your kitchen smell nice if you just got done putting some nasty shit down there beforehand.
If you’re truly terrified it will somehow turn on automatically, just unplug it first.
I just looked it up. Holy fuck, that looks delicious.
Head Butt-ee got arrested, head butt-er fled.
[Full Highlights](https://youtu.be/_xRqnjB0iPk)
He is. But he fled. [Head Butt-ee got arrested](https://www.nydailynews.com/news/crime/man-window-wild-brawl-video-md-subway-article-1.2260950?outputType=amp)
I thought last time it was posted, someone in the comments posted the actual link, proving that it’s sped up.
Stag fag? I’ve heard of Fag Stags, but I don’t think that’s what you meant.
Oh. Ok thanks.
Damn bro, you just sliced through the atom with that edge!! 🤙🤙🤙
You’re right. I’m about to support any and all wars now, because of this video.
I’ve been a smoker for over 20 years. I never thought it would be these comments that gave me cancer.
Jesus, there’s about 2000 pounds in this gif alone.
I think wait until the first goal gets scored. Then you’ll see it.
Binnington playing out of his mind.
Lol. Wow.
Lol, oh my fucking god, that is devastating for Bruins fans
Atta boy, Marchand! Way to stay with the play!
That's "Sir" Charles Barkley to you. And you *will* put some respek on his name!
Does anyone remember a few years ago when the Lakers, Clippers, ***and*** Kings all went to the playoffs? And they all play at the Staples Center. What a fucking nightmare for whomever is in charge of scheduling.
I think that's why he put it in quotes. People associate hockey with Canada, but nobody associates basketball with Canada, even if it were invented by a Canadian.
Lol at Boston’s sub. 5 minutes in the second and they’re all like “Rask blew this game”. “It’s over.” “Oh sweet. Rask stooped a shot”
Oh god, I can taste the salt through the internet!
Also neat fact: no one will ever break that record!
Once you accept your team isn’t here, it makes it so much more fun to watch a close Game 7, where you’re not having panic attacks every 3 minutes.
What was the context of that? I missed that story.
What a great day.
Christ, I’m not even a fan, but I feel for Tampa fans during this shitshow
Oof
You had me at “Marchand in tears”
I read the YouTube comments as well.
Lol, dumb motherfucker.
It’s hard to believe that an 11 year old could pass for 18, but like you said, I’d have to see what she looked like. I mean, the “cash me outside” girl was 13, only two years older, and with the right makeup and outfit could’ve passed for 18. It’s just still hard to believe that this guy saw her, and legit thought she didn’t look underage, but what the fuck do I know?
This preys on people with an addictive personality. That’s like telling a compulsive gambler, “Bro, just stop gambling, and you’ll stop losing money.”
I...don’t think he’s reading this.
What a cringey comment
Oldie, but a goldie.
If you trained in it, shouldn’t you know how to spell it?
That was a wild sentence.
Oh. Ok.
I watch “Your Mom’s House” too!
This sub has been like this for a while now. Thinking it’s time to unsubscribe since the mods never do shit about these posts.
Man, I am not smart whatsoever.
Feel free to step in between two flailing, white thrash thunderbeasts. I’d like to keep my groin un-kicked, and my eyes scratch-free.
I don’t think that was the first time the kids seen a bullfight.
I really love humans sometimes
Fuck you you racist fucktard
Suck a dick you racist assclown
Racist
You got doxxed you racist fuck
The only truth is that you still think tits feel like bags of sand you racist fuck. Get run over
Fuck off racist fuck
Yes, you dumb fucktard racist cunt
Suck a dick you racist cunt
Sounds like the only girl that let you feel her up outside the shirt found a nice BBC instead of you. Suck a John Holmes size dick you racist cunt
Yes, you’re racist. Look at your submissions you stupid fucking racist cunt
Lol. What a dumb fucking racist cunt you are
Burn in Hell racist fuck
Maybe you should start
SLAM!
Damn, that’s actually really cool touch
Not if you follow tradition and have the father of the bride pay for it. OPEN BAR!
Nah, last time you’re probably thinking of is the guy who got his mates NFL team colored controllers. I remember a Vikings and Seahawks one specifically.
Cool
Lol, and you spelled it wrong in a completely different way. Christ, you’re a fuck.
I wouldn’t mind being able to make those. Mine seems to be poop bird shot.
Oooh, look! I found something else on the internet I can be offended by!
Oh man, you sure are putting me in my place, Lord of Reddit!
Dick root.
Yeah, I had no idea what the hell they were thinking that last drive.
Dumb question, but if that happened, like he totally missed the catch and the ball hit his helmet through the uprights, would it still count?
That’s what I was wondering too. I mean, if the ball skidded off a lineman’s helmet and still went through, it would count. But I wonder if I’m the situation we were describing if it wouldn’t, since it would be obvious that the kick was going to be short.
&gt; adjustments Lol, that’s not a word, silly.
Shea Patterson has the deep ball accuracy of a potato.
He means he’s got his guys false start-ing so he can pad his passing yards, since it’s adding 5 each time.
Patterson is gonna get Bell murdered.
Look in this thread now. It’s two things: * This team does not make halftime adjustments * Shea Patterson is ass
The dudes walking with a crutch because his hip’s fucked up, and you want him to bend and take a knee?
Same here! Crazy my wife will be a freshman next year when you really think about it.
How the hell did you manage to spell “Florida” wrong 3 times?
That is fucking hilarious.
Which one is the third rail? I’m only seeing two.
Ok thanks. So can you still get electrocuted if you touch it, or is that what the protective covering is for?
It’s the same guy that his comment replied to. My guess is because he originally got downvoted for saying he thought it was hot, so he made a comment saying the opposite, which was not received well.
Were the tires filled with natural gas?
BLEVEs are no fucking joke. Out of all the comments, this one seems plausible. Except I don’t know how much gasoline pressures up to if there are flames impinging on the tank.
Lol what the actual fuck? I mean, I heard about the movie, read a couple reviews, but never bothered to watch the trailer. I feel so uncomfortable right now; I want to laugh, yet I also want to cry.
This is like the complete opposite of r/thatpeelingfeeling
&gt; Disrespectul &gt; Deciever As if the tattoo itself wasn’t bad enough.
NTA. That’s sounds like a nightmare. When she said “Babysitting is only like $15/hour” you should’ve replied with, “Yes, and I’m doing you a favor by only charging less than $12/kid.
Hey Browns, can’t believe we keep running into you guys like this.
Good thing you saw his comment then.
Maine is *in* the States, ya silly goose!
I use the Narwhal app for Reddit. When a video gets linked, it plays it in its own little player, and if I have shitty service, the video time bar will keep going, along with the audio, but the video will be frozen until it buffered enough. I sat there looking at my screen for almost 45 seconds waiting for it to buffer. I just thought it was a really long intro.
Jesus dude, your whole profile is just a pool of sadness.
I see you wrote “showing it again”, but are you also including those videos that start in real time, and then the interesting part is slowed down? Because if you are, some of those videos are golden. [My personal favorite, and it might CYV](https://www.reddit.com/r/holdmybeer/comments/9l1bmp/hmb_while_i_run_the_gauntlet/?utm_source=share&amp;utm_medium=ios_app&amp;utm_name=iossmf)
The country is fine. It’s who’s running it that are the assholes.
That sounds like a legal way to do illegal things. Thanks for the explanation. I’ve heard of LLCs before but never understood what it was all about.
People that are bitching about billionaires not using their money to feed starving children are the same retards who aren’t also giving their money to feed starving children. Kids Against Hunger in the Bay Area can provide one meal to a starving child for $.20 Doubt any of these dumb fucks are even doing that, yet continue to bitch about the wealthy not helping.
Thanks for providing the most retarded comment I’ve read today!
Jesus Christ dude calm the fuck down
Discount Pitbull has every right to be livid. However, It’s pretty easy to judge him as a dick when you say stuff like “Lol trust me my lawyers cost way more than blah blah blah” and “Thats why I can afford a (however expensive he says) car and you guys blah blah blah” Like I said, he has every right to be pissed, but when you start flaunting you’re wealth like “that’s why you’re a shitty valet and I’m bangin dimes every night cuz muh money” shit, you are a 100% USDA certified douche. Everyone sucks here.
I’m not the guy you replied to initially
The classic “I responded too quickly and didn’t realize I replied to the guy who wasn’t even in an argument”
IM NOT YOUR PAL, BUDDY!
That I was in an argument that didn’t exist? Ok cool
Lol Jesus Christ Bills O-line is straight trash
This shit is just comical now.
It would’ve been a 59 yard field goal.
I can’t believe Buffalo is getting another crack at this.
Allen ***really*** doesn’t want to win this.
How the fuck does that happen?
What a wild fucking game.
Lol
***when we did it, it didn’t count!*** ***when they did it it hurt our chances of winning so it’s not fair!***
I don’t think you understand what the word “loophole” means...
What a dumb analogy lol
Hey man, I thought the same thing you did, and didn’t realize it was a joke until I read that comment.
I thought this was like some sort of copypasta, but [holy shit this dude is a beast](https://youtu.be/Yz9Nih0XZBo)
Kamara is such a beast.
I guess we got that answered for us. But an FYI: the nfl is required to take 20 commercial breaks per game for 1 or 2 minutes. 2 are mandatory to be taken at either the end of the first or third quarter, the other for the 2 minute warning for the end of the half. The other breaks are optional, except for a kickoff that starts a half, or kickoffs within the last five minutes.
More like Will Klutz, amirite?
These are so creative. I would’ve just drawn her getting ass-plowed over and over.
Holy fucking shit I laughed so hard.
I’m just here for the salt.
No, Vikings won the toss
Don’t sell yourself short; you’re fans are equally as insufferable ;)
Having a game end automatically if the receiving team gets a touchdown first is so dumb. I wish they’d let the other team respond. I’d like to see college football ot rules. Maybe start on the 35 or 40 instead of the 25.
Lol
Yes they would. Fans say it literally every overtime game.
What a boring half, and then I get me some OG Beast Mode. Fucking love it.
Lol wow man, it was just a little ball busting. Insecure much? Also, apparently you can’t see my flair; I’m not a Saints fan.
Lol so did I until that comment.
You mean “pushed .4 seconds after he threw the ball” I thought the salt from Saints fans were bad, but holy shit you Eagles fans are on another level.
BRING BACK VINCE PAPALE!!
Correct.
Punter.
Ded
Lmfao Wilson got hit and the ball had been released for like a full second or two. Dude took two full steps to him after the ball was released. Mccown got hit, sorry...pushed, a half second after he released it. Stop your whining, you look like a clown.
I don’t think Lions fans are ever arrogant.
I’ll take “What u/PhilaBama will be doing in 2 hours for $1000, Alex.”
Nah, Lions fan living in Southern California. My area is *great*
Lol the salt is real in Philly.
And living in the past I see as well.
Good teams overcome adversity.
Sick burn, yo.
😭😭😭
Why are you bitching anyways? Doesn’t the fact that your back up qb is in mean that you’ll win the super bowl?
Game was over when your secondary thought playing like Swiss cheese was a great game plan.
I feel like the amount of sodium coming from you guys could give me my electrolyte requirements for the week.
Fuck, Eagles suck. At least as a Lions fan, I know we suck. Gotta be tough thinking you have a shot only to keep shitting the bed.
That’s just because we know shit football when we see it.
I’m loving every minute of it.
Isn’t that how you guys won your super bowl? You should be happy!
🧂🧂🧂🧂
Minneapolis is a city I do not wish to visit!
You a little bitter there, fella?
He probably will when you guys do something worth mentioning.
Got the shits from a bad cheesesteak.
In all seriousness Clowney gave him a dirty helmet to helmet hit early on, knocked him out for the game. No call. Eagles fans have been losing their shit ever since.
Plenty of time to get a stop, too. I don’t get it.
I was in both threads, I’d have to say eagles by a long shot
Such a quick stop, Eagles legit could’ve probably won this game with all field goals.
Yikes, you’re pretty angry.
“You mean to tell me this dude gets off on little girls with pigtails?”
Big DK energy
Lol that was the saltiest thread I’ve ever been in I think.
No way Eagles lose this if 🤡ey didn’t commit attempted murder.
I think you just did.
I’m sorry you feel that way u/a🤏😺
“That’s like using a wheelchair for the fun of it!”
5 million ferrets*
I love how your original comment about him making all his money from the American “Office” got you a bunch of upvotes, and then you doubled down into a bottomless pit of downvotes. I love this website.
I don’t think some of the celebrities reactions were “planned”. And what’s wrong with people enjoying A listers getting shat on and made extremely uncomfortable? Who cares if the network benefits from it? They got their viewers, we got to see celebrities uncomfortable and hilariously ripped on.
Wow dude, all I said is I think it’s funny how your original comment got upvotes, and then downvoted when you made the same claim. Get some anger management bro, or take a break from the internet if it gets you fired up like a 4 year old who’s been told “no” when they want candy. Christ.
“To apologize for slavery?”
Dr. Pimple Popper. Sign me up.
The word exists, but podcasts that I’ve listened to I’ve heard female comedians say they absolutely hate that word.
She mentioned she was poor growing up; her definition and our definition might be different, but another article I read mentioned that they couldn’t afford a house growing up and always had to rent.
Yeah, I just have the article where she says it. I have no actual proof, so [take it with a grain of salt](https://www.cnbc.com/2018/05/02/ellen-degeneres-explains-her-attitude-about-money.html)
My point was that you said a google search will show she grew up middle class, and I was pointing out the fact she said she wasn’t even that; she grew up poor. Whether that’s really true or not I don’t know.
I think he was talking about the two guys in the audience that are reacting as the ball goes in.
Your not supposed to feed dogs or cats cooked chicken bones. It will do the same thing.
Why wasn’t the 24th guy arrested?
I actually can’t believe I needed to scroll this far down to read this. This sub is really bad now. And I noticed it was somewhat recent. What was the rule change they implemented?
Oh Jesus, I think I’m unsubscribing now.
Cooking bones (or feeding them cooked chicken wings) can cause them to splinter. https://feline-nutrition.org/answers/answers-raw-diets-and-cats-what-about-eating-bones
I read this as “hair dryer” and was super confused.
“It’s not quite breakfast, it’s not quite lunch, but it comes with a slice of cantaloupe at the end.”
Yeah, but $100,000 CAD is only like $76,000, so it’s like the Shitty Canada dollar is like being taxed already.
I’ve heard of that only once, and I’m pretty sure it’s an ankle you can fuck.
Looking at you, r/justiceserved
But he didn’t thank the unions. He said god bless the unions.
Not a major celebrity, but I remember Kathy Griffin tweeting out that someone needs to dox the kid.
At this point in time, I can’t even tell if you forgot an /s or not
Because he’s never been there and he just perpetuates stereotypes.
Sorry you’re poor.
All while BB was sitting there with a smirk on his face, then started screaming “THAT’S FUCKING BULLSHIT!” when he got it done to him. That Pats/Titans thread was a gold mine of tears and rustled jimmies.
Don’t know if it counts since it’s nfl and not cfb, but a few years ago Mike Goldberg and some other dude called a Lions/Vikings game that was ***beyond*** dreadful. People gave Goldberg shit on Twitter, and he was responding with “fuck you” and shit. It was fascinating. They didn’t ask him to return. I don’t know of any clips, but [Here’s a post I made asking people who watched to share the most ridiculous comments they heard](https://reddit.com/r/detroitlions/comments/2j29m6/id_like_to_see_a_list_of_all_the_goofy_shit_the/)
Henne was 57th. Griese was 91st.
*yet*
“First, you have to know who Eric Clapton is. Not a given these days. You have to know about his kid. You gotta know how...clumsy that little lad was.”
https://www.imdb.com/title/tt11106524/ The actor has been in so much shit, you’ve definitely seen him before.
The cameraman should’ve definitely been killed for those first 45 seconds.
Ahh, so then you would be correct.
Take a look [at 1:15 of this clip](https://youtu.be/tuxi7WvufXM) and tell me it’s not BB being an asshole. I don’t care that he did it, I only cared at the hypocrisy of him getting pissed that it happened to him. Most of the argument was “yeah, but that game was over, and it was a regular season game, the one it happened to him in, was a 1 point playoff game” where my response is “Oh well. If you knew it was a loophole and wanted to expose it, should’ve done it behind closed doors instead of on national television for the world, and 30 other teams to see.”
Yeah he did. Still doesn’t not make it hilarious he had it done to him, in a crucial game, at a crucial time. He didn’t gain anything. In fact, he lost a playoff game partly because of it.
Lol, I’ve always liked BB, and think he has the highest football IQ of any coach. And I’ve been a Brady fan since his days at Michigan. I just don’t like hypocrisy. And yes, I’d be pissed if it happened to my team, but if my team already did it that same year, I’d probably be like, “Yeah, well I guess we shouldn’t have done that earlier for the world to see.” Also, you’re making the assumption that I would be watching my Lions in a playoff game, which is absurd.
I’m surprised no one said My Own Summer (Shove It) by [Deftones](https://youtu.be/XOzs1FehYOA)
I always thought she was crazy hot throughout [Underneath it all](https://youtu.be/RvuVFHTvdaY) especially the part where she’s not wearing makeup.
Jesus Christ, she’s 50 years old and [still a fucking knockout](https://i.imgur.com/1gkVty7.jpg)
Same. Only my flashback was me and my buddy driving back home from a road trip, and we changed the lyrics about our friend that was in a shitty relationship with someone who clearly was only interested in his money. I still remember them. Buy! Buy! Spend! Spend! Buy! My girlfriend drives me loca! Why? Why? Dear God why? Our relationship’s a joke-a I buy her everything! Now my bank account is broke-a
Hire a barbershop quartet to do it, and someone else to film it.
Yes. Wow is definitely right.
He obviously doesn’t. If only he could swoop in and rescue m’lady from this pressure cooker of a situation she’s in.
You get holidays off?
Lol at \#9. What type of woke-ass bullshit is this to say to a 4 year old?
I used to pronounce it “ba-china”. Was curious why I couldn’t find it in the dictionary.
Congratulations on writing the dumbest shit I’ll probably read today.
Really? His last special was one of his funniest ones yet.
No. Him being a comedian makes it ok for him to make racist jokes. Patrice O’Neal said it best about jokes about race, rape, misogyny, etc. Whether the joke hits or misses, they all come from the same place of “trying to be funny.” Every joke, unless youre just up there spewing hate under the guise of comedy. If that’s the case, you would be found out quickly by other comedians. You have every right to not think his jokes are funny, but you’re failing to understand where those jokes come from in the first place. You can make a funny joke about race without being a racist. You can make a trans/gay joke without being a bigot. You can make a rape joke without being a rapist/apologist.
&gt; Honestly if anyone’s an actual fan of Bill Burr they’d concede that it was far beneath him Lol, glad to see we’re gatekeeping comedy now. I’ve seen every one of his specials minimum 5 times each, have seen him perform over 20. Guess I’m not a “real” fan lol. The fuck outta here with your bullshit. There’s nothing wrong with saying “I don’t find him funny anymore”, but stop with the gatekeeping bullshit bro.
The fuck does that have to do with anything lol
Should’ve watched the rest I guess. I thought it was great.
He’s not saying it in the context that he literally can not say those things, he means it in the context of “can’t say those things without it becoming an uproar”
Um...thanks there...bucko
Why would that offend me? You think he’s not funny, I think he is. What’s your point?
Entirely? No. Had something they were going to do get cancelled because of something they said? Kevin Hart and Shane Gillis come to mind.
I never said I thought that joke was hilarious. And I told you it’s fine if you don’t think that special (I think I said him himself by mistake) is funny. I only said to get out of here with you AnYoNe ThAtS a ReAl BiLl BuRr FaN shit.
I didn’t say they’re comparable. The question was “name one comedian who was cancelled” I named two. &gt; Both continue to work Which is why I said they were not cancelled “entirely”.
I just can’t believe the amount of people in this thread that can’t understand that.
&gt; One lost a job. That's literally all that has happened Shane Gillis was fired. Kevin Hart was told “apologize or quit”, does that count as losing a job? Since he removed himself from it? Maybe. Roseanne lost her show over comments she made.
Shane Gillis was fired. Roseanne was fired. Kevin Hart was fired unless he apologized, which he refused at first, then stepped down as host. You can call that being fired or him quitting, depending on how you look at it.
What does that even mean? You said one lost a job. That’s literally all that happened. I gave you three people off the top of my head that it’s happened to.
Imagine trying to say that I am defending what Roseanne did, even though I’m simply answering the question of “who has gotten cancelled for something they said” lol
Lol where the hell did I say I ***agree*** with her firing? I answered a question of who got fired for something they said. Once again....I answered a question of who got fired for something they said. Jesus fucking Christ this website can be bat shit insane sometimes.
But this happened in Canada. Can Canadian shops use Canadian banks since it’s legal country-wide?
You keep assuming my stance on Roseanne. No place did I say I agree with her firing. No point did I say I ***disagree*** with her firing. The only thing I said was a comedian that got fired for making a joke, I didn’t know we are limited to discuss ***only*** stand up jokes. If that’s the case, my bad I guess. One guy said I was defending her, and I replied “imagine thinking I’m defending her when all I did was answer a question about what comedians have had shit cancelled on them.” My complaint is that all I did was answer a question, no defend her, not agree or disagree with her getting fired. Look at my original comment dude. That’s ALL I was trying to say. But it’s no point arguing with you since you can’t see past that. I feel like I’m arguing with a brick wall that also happens to be retarded.
Lol whatever you say. Stay woke, brother! ✊
Do you have a source for that? The “motivational speaker” is an actor who plays “Todd Connor aka frank apollo” in a movie, and other skits.
Everyone keeps saying this, but no sources are given. Todd Conner is not a real guy. Franklin Apollo is not a real guy. They are characters made up by Dan Sachoff, who stars in “Todd Conner” which was a TV movie 10-15 years ago.
I mean I saw her head bounce. I just don’t know if they had mats or something there, and she was an actress in the skit or not.
Well how ***else*** is the shooter gonna get away?
My guess would be two thumbs to the eyes would get him to let go pretty quick.
Josh Gaad
r/deadredditors
I’m all for companies that place ads for revenue on websites (I mean how else are they gonna make money), but I find something a little absurd when I’m about to watch an infant get attacked by a dog, and it’s all: This baby attack sponsored by Tim Steyer 2020!
Yeah, I read that a cold shower can increase your metabolism, because the body has to work harder to maintain a stable temperature. But since your typical cold shower only lasts 5-10 minutes, it shouldn’t be relied on it’s effects as a weight loss technique.
Then those people should watch the animals, and not some mothers titty while she tries to feed her child.
Then don’t stare at her tit, you creeper. Christ, someone really needs to inform you on this?
&gt; Sounds gross &gt; Looks gross &gt; It even smells if you are next to them on a plane People say the same about you, but we’re not bitching about it, or completely offended by it.
Except having sex in public, and shitting in public are both illegal? What a dumb argument.
I still wouldn’t feel it was inappropriate, it’s a mother feeding her child. However, you probably shouldn’t be doing it in public if you can get cited/arrested for it. Even though all three are natural, there’s a major difference from a child seeing a mother feed her child, and witnessing some dude railing a woman on the park bench, or some other guy spreading his cheeks and covering the sidewalk with his own shit.
Right behind the mother who’s titty you were zooming in on.
That’s why AB Translator is the twitter account I never knew I needed until I started following AB.
&gt; Once C3P0 is upgraded we'll be able to translate. [The future is now!](https://twitter.com/MessengerMan2)
News flash dude: it’s 100% legal to breast feed in public in every state. Sorry it triggers some weird uncomfortability in you, but welcome to the new year. Just because a bunch of retards feel uncomfortable with it doesn’t mean it’s wrong; it means you all should seek help.
Oh ok, thanks. That sounds familiar now once you mentioned Spielberg. Lol, what a twat. I’ll bet he’ll put something out for Netflix sooner rather than later too.
I fucking love this sub.
I never thought I could hear an entire subreddit collectively ejaculate at the same time.
Nah, we already have a stud tight end whose career we’ll ruin.
If you experienced that every match, along with playing football...I got bad news for you.
It’s a joke because the photos are in a dumb order.
Joke. It is a joke.
Haven’t watched that video yet, but she let loose that Method Man’s wife had cancer. Some of her family members didn’t even know yet, and WW blurped that shit out. [Here’s Method Man talking about it, and pulling no punches.](https://youtu.be/du1UViOs4Hk) Edit: also forgot Wendy Williams said MM was having an affair with his wife’s doctor while she was battling cancer. A true cunt, indeed.
Not sure if The Simpson’s is a kids cartoon, or an adult one, but they definitely throw in jokes that would go over a child’s head, but make adults crack up, such as [the sign at the beginning of this clip.](https://youtu.be/qeTw0c6vxO8)
There was a post about winning the lottery, and top comment was very long, but such a great read on what to do/not to do [Link to post](https://reddit.com/r/AskReddit/comments/24vzgl/you_just_won_a_656_million_dollar_lottery_what_do/)
That’s why God invented doggystyle my man.
I knew a guy that could grow a full bushy beard junior year of high school. He bought all the beer for parties because no one ever carded him. He literally looked like a man in his mid to late 30’s.
I believe it. Her IG says she’s 19 and I’m almost positive I’ve seen this more than a couple years ago, but I could be wrong.
Yeah, dude. I legit got chills when he’s staring at the camera like, “I won’t be coming on your show, you’ll see me.”
Should’ve been using her runner.
If we’re talking about percentage of take home pay, it’s about just under 50%. But it’s a mortgage, so I own it. I also get to live alone, and I could have that percentage be less, but I also max out my 401K every year. So with taxes, medical/dental, 401K contributions, union dues, I am already getting almost 50% taken out by the time my check is in my bank account.
🤮
Hope you get some Reddit coins soon so you can finally be happy in life, bro.
Lol, posts in r/teenagers. Of course your comment history would read nothing but N bombs. I’ll bet all the other 13 year olds in your Fortnite support group think you’re the shit.
Lol, why analyze a video like this that fucking hard?
[lmao](https://i.imgur.com/19K2Hrn.jpg)
&gt; Imagine being so triggered that you write something like that. Posts a comment because he’s triggered.
Lol, if you’re gonna dig through my post history, at least read it. That wasn’t me, ya dingus.
Bless your heart. Edit: lol you fucking retard
The fuck you trying to say?
From one of the news reports I saw, the cnn audio guys found the back up mic audio, so whatever the primary one was (podium, personal) the back up is what caught it, and I can’t remember if it was back ups on Warren and Sanders, or if it was mics on the stage. I’ll try and find the clip. Edit: [Here it is](https://youtu.be/CZJjptmdYLg) CNN says it was the backup audio. Skip to 2:51.
The more the DNC proves it is an absolute shitshow, the more I’m certain what you’re saying is gonna happen.
I’ve been seeing “Godzilla” this whole thread, and I was only on the second song, and had to skip ahead to check it out. I will gladly tag team that beat with you. And holy shit, the last 30 seconds of that song.
No, it’s not you. That song is fucking nuts, from beat to bars.
Yeah, I feel like I’m definitely in the minority with likening it.
Oh they are losing their fucking minds on twitter lol.
Lol holy shit I just imagine you reading that comment, eyes go wide, and you emit a loud “REEEEEEE!!!!” while still on the toilet, gritting your teeth as you turn all caps on, and type so fast and angry you can’t even bother to correct your spelling. Then you chuck your phone at the wall, wipe your ass very poorly, and stomp back to your bedroom.
“But when they ask me is the war finished with MGK? Of course it is I cleansed him of his mortal sins, I'm God and the Lord forgives even the devil worshippers” Lmao
Or you could just make that comment in that albums own thread.
I mean, I’m amazed at the number of upvotes it got for not even being close to the right sub.
Lol why are you even on this sub then?
Lol ok retard
Holy shit, go cry into your panties dude.
I love [Bill Burr’s take on it](https://youtu.be/lbKvoTMbXTA)
It’s just the title of the YouTube video dude. Reddit automatically posts the YouTube title if you share it to Reddit directly from YouTube. If anything, blame OP for being lazy.
ok thanks
If you share a video to Reddit from YouTube, it automatically posts the title of the video you’re sharing. Jesus man, at least try to hide your stupidity.
Shhh...you’re dulling my justice tines.
Imagine using the run down and over used “imagine” comeback because you don’t have an original thought to write. Let me guess, you really want to respond with “ok boomer”.
That’s crazy. I thought bars/restaurants that show ufc fights had to pay a certain amount to be able to show it, thus why they usually have a cover. Your restaurant sounds cool af
Worth it
Those shoulder strikes were beautiful to see.
Lol the only reason he got a touchdown is because mahomes made the titans D look like a Pop Warner team.
These threads pop up all the time, and I never get sick of reading through them. So many great stories.
It should, but it’s not possible for everyone. Firefighters, LEO’s, doctors, nurses all can’t. You need all of them. I work at a refinery, and you can’t just shut a plant down and empty it like a light switch. It takes days. But I do think employers are required to allow someone time off if they wish to vote, and being at work would make them miss the window.
Lots of people angry and unhappy with their lives in this thread. Sorry for your loss, OP.
Some places do double time and a half for working a holiday. My work does it, too. With overtime plus the extra 8 holiday pay, it works out like that. Or, my work will let you bank the 8 hours of holiday pay and use it as time off in the future, if you don’t want to cash it out. Then, it’s just 1.5x
Nah you’re good. If you haven’t changed it since they rolled out the new rules, you keep your original as is.
But iirc, if you *do* come up with an original one, they won’t add the suffix of numbers to your GT. So if you choose ButtholeSNFR, and no one else has it, that’s what you get, but if someone else tries it, they would get ButtholeSNFR\#1234 or something like that.
Don’t change it and you’ll keep your original 15 character GT.
Oh shit I didn’t think of that. I hope they give a pop up like “That name is already in use. Would you still like to use it with a suffix added?” or something like that. I’m in the same boat as you; I don’t want to find out it’s been taken and have a suffix that I’m stuck with now.
Just looked up a video, and it does tell you if you will have a suffix or if it’s unique. [Skip to 1:10 to see the guy demonstrate it](https://youtu.be/ZuvWDgr-Yak)
Found the cringey retard!
If you sort Reddit by “new”, you’ll find just as many cringey posts as you do on tik tok
Serious question: I know only a couple players remained on the roster from Cleveland at the time, but were Cleveland fans even more pissed when their former team won a championship 5 years after leaving?
Didn’t the Browns release him as well after that, and fuck him over on a shitload of money?
Yeah, even though Tate was down at the 1, and yes, going back to a running clock should be a 10 second runoff, if the reason the clock was stopped and goes back to the running clock was because the referees fucked the call up, the 10 second runoff shouldn’t apply.
Hey, I’m old enough to remember Lions history!
Don’t forget they were also within a touchdown (I believe) at halftime, only to piss it away.
What?
You guys are all jinxing us for a fucked up 2020.
Ok cool.
r/dontflinch
Crazy Joe Davola.
I love seeing pretty simple, easy-to-do techniques that I will never in my life try.
Nope, because that never happened.
Yes. But no one is talking to you, so why do you give a fuck, other than being a racist and xenophobe?
Well then, va te faire foutre, raciste.
You’re a fucking idiot dude. Lol dumb fuck.
The fuck does trump have to do with any of this? That is why you’re a fucking moron, bringing your dumb politics in this. Have fun racist, and shove that trump loving fist deep inside your own asshole. Cheerio!
Lol fucking moron
Stupid fuck
What an ass
Sucks to be stupid huh?
Lol stupid fuck
Lol ok dumb racist fuck
Lol stupid fuck
Awww is the wittle wacists feewings hurt? Lol cry me a white river you fuck
Nice original comebacks. Tell your mom she raised a good one, and thank your dad for beating the fuck out of her lol
Oooooo what a wild and intelligent comeback. Lol
U so angry. At least you’re angry at me and not directing it towards black and gay people right now
Lol sure you are. I’ll bet your native Americans name is “Runs with swastikas” lol
Poor baby
Lol god do you ever marvel at the fact you’re so unoriginal? What a dumb fuck racist!
Aww 😭😭😭
And I love how people constantly shit on the US. We’re ***FAR*** from perfect, but goddam does the government in the uk continuously try and strip the rights of its citizens.
My day is a little better now, thank you.
I would say yes, they are racist. Hate-fucking is a real thing.
If you like it then you shoulda put a ring on it.
I’m still not entirely convinced they did not fuck in that movie.
Lion King: Can You Feel the Love Tonight.
Toothpaste and orange juice. Also: St. Ives body scrub and masturbating.
[This crazy building in Prague with giant baby statues crawling all over it.](https://i.imgur.com/T5INBrK.jpg)
Urkel’s.
“I’m gonna punch you so hard in the dick with my mouth!”
I really think it will be a cyber war that would be a WWIII scenario. Can you imagine if all technology just got shut down? Everything is computerized. No going to an atm or hell, even the bank. No cash, can’t use credit cards, can’t buy gas. It’s fucked up and is terrifying to me.
I don’t think that’s a limerick.
Today I learned spending $160 on earphones means you’re rich.
You should cross post this in r/nottheonion
I really think [Eminems is the best](https://i.imgur.com/qxEr0rV.jpg)
Mine is hidden in my walls.
Everyone on here has a $1000 smart phone. Spending an additional $160 is far from being “rich”
I mean, you guys also have a statue of a fictional character as well, so it’s not like Philadelphia is the smartest at making decisions.
r/Im14andthisishilarious
&gt; Fuck a machete Hmm. No thank you.
Really? I couldn’t ***not*** read it in his voice.
I don’t know how likely you are to die in a car accident when everyone is going 5 mph.
The refinery had been there 6 years before El Segundo was even incorporated. It’s been running for just under 120 years. It’ll be fine.
r/praisethecameraman
Which Tony?
Cool comment, bro.
*laughs in Rachel Starr*
Well, from what I’ve read the helicopter was going around 185mph and slammed into the side of a hill (mountain?) so I would assume (and hope) it was instant.
https://youtu.be/TKZ2PKQ21UM
That doesn’t make any sense.
He didn’t spike his drink because Bert was participating in Sober October, he spiked his drink because he was pissed ***HE*** had to participate in Sober October ***because*** of Bert. Which is retarded anyways because nobody forced him to participate; he just felt like he had to. I can’t imagine the regret he must feel right now; I haven’t heard one comedian not condemn him for saying that. Dropped by his talent agency too. What a dumbass.
That was meant as a joke as well.
Yeah, but Brody was a fellow comic, and if the joke was funny enough, he wouldn’t have an issue with it. Hell, Jeff Ross ***at Brody’s funeral*** said, after a bunch of Brody’s friends and family spoke about him, “After listening to Brody’s family and friends speak, and hearing them tell all their stories, I now understand why Brody killed himself.”
Yeah, if you need a 4 page explanation of why it was just a joke, then it wasn’t a good joke at all. He amazes me by how horrible his decision making skills are.
Holy shit did he really?
I believe his agent already dropped him.
Holy shit, the explanation of r/askscience and how you’d rather give up your SSN than your Reddit username had me dying.
This is just goddam terrifying.
Ugh. I had a co worker that picked his nose on the reg, and when someone would bring donuts in you had to get to them before he did, because he would finger through them like a goddam Rolodex.
Wasn’t that Bruce that killed the lady? Caitlyn’s got a new slate, baby!
I’m gonna start telling the ladies that I’m not fat, I have a primordial pouch.
Thing that sucks is since it’s on the internet, no doubt a superior officer got wind of this, and the poor guy was probably fined a couple hundred pounds.
Yeah, depending on the website I go to, I am either a millennial or a gen xer. I just stay out of everything.
Not rich, just addicted. I think it’s crazy how governments jack the price up like it’s a easy way to quit. I’ve known some people that are dirt poor that will scrounge up the money for a pack. I’ve even heard people before say if they had to choose over getting dinner or a pack of cigarettes, they’d choose the latter. Addiction is real, and it’s a shitty thing.
Reminds me of koRn’s [self-titled album](https://i.imgur.com/sltnbgX.jpg)
Fake comment!
For some reason I’m remembering a time where the nhl would fine/penalize you for not removing your helmet if you wore a visor, since the other guy could fuck his hand up pretty good if he caught it, then changed it back where now you aren’t allowed to remove your helmet because of heads smacking the ice. Is that a thing that really happened, or am I remembering some bullshit I made up a while ago, and believe it? I honestly don’t know.
My dad always told me “When you can eat a Big Mac while driving, and spill none of it on yourself, that’s when you’ll know you’ve made it, son.”
I never watch K1, so don’t know the rules. When they got super excited for “Extra Round!” I didn’t know that was a thing, and started yelling it too lol. Probably in my top 3 favorite wars ever holy shit.
*I’M GOING TO HAVE A HEART ATTACK!!!*
I know calling someone a wet lettuce is like calling them a pansy or pussy, so possibly that?
It’s like she was shape-shifting into herself over and over.
I mean, they’re teenagers. They’re all fucking stupid. Guarantee 16 year old you or myself would look dumb as fuck talking about our schools.
[Ahem...](https://i.imgur.com/olG8Thm.jpg)
NO! I’M UNHAPPY WITH MY LIFE, SO OTHER PEOPLE NEED TO BE SAD, TOO!!!
This is when a bitch needs to be coralled by her ponytail, lead out the store, and booted in her cunt ass out into the street.
I think this could be cross posted in r/sadcringe as well.
Which is part of LA county.
How can you look stupid taking a picture when you’re not in the picture? Sounds you’re the one that seems fucking stupid.
Two too much.
&gt; Not to mention there are reports that have said white supremacists are injecting themselves into the protest and starting the looting and chaos to get shit started. Are there actual sources proving this? Not saying it’s not happening, but with the left saying it’s white supremacists and the right saying it’s Antifa, and nobody admitting it may be both, sounds like bullshit propaganda to get each side pissed at the other.
Damn dude, O’Malley fuck your girl or something?lmao. Never seen someone which such a hard on to trash a fighter before.
Hey man, we all take our work home with us sometimes.
Jared Yuen.
Over 200k is high for the Bay Area. You can do well in certain parts of the Bay Area with making $100k. Although that’s if you’re single with no kids. Also you can throw that out the window as well if you live in San Francisco.
Honestly, I’m almost 40 and had no clue “gypped” (I’m guessing that’s how it’s spelled? Never had the situation where I needed to spell it out) was a derogatory term. I think a lot of people learned something new in this thread today.
Why does this exist?
How the fuck do you guys find this shit so quick?
Hot take.
As soon as you hit “stop”, yes it is.
If a cop can come at you and bash your head in in less than the two tenths of a second it takes to click “stop” on your phone, then the police have employed super soldiers, and we’re all fucked.
I see it written all the time on posts like these, but seriously man, we don’t deserve dogs.
I thought she was Native American?
Answer: Arizona.
He wasn’t saying justice was served, only clarifying your post that contained misinformation.
Look at ol’ Mr. Pennybender here, flexin’ on us.
Looks like those lady’s words did indeed hurt her, though.
I’ve gotten literally *a drop* of spent sulfuric acid on me at my work; felt like someone put a cigarette out on my face.
I’m proud of your country too! And embarrassed for mine.
r/commentsyoucanhear
Nah, it’s honk.
Hello bitch, nice TITS ahahahahah milky millky milky baby thristy mommy baby want milk suck suck suck suck hahahaha stupid cunt give me those big udders you slut hahahaha tits tit titty me your caveman me use big titty for big bitty hahaha honk honk honk slut cunt mommy honk honk milky baby want more now honk honk honk pitter patter on those big mommy milkies hee hee hee haha haaaa haaaa can’t stop the milk truck coming through honk honk all aboard the titty train hee hee wooo wooooooo honk honk honk!!!
Jesus Christ, it’s “compliment”.
Hey man, don’t drag video games into this.
It’s a painting, not a mirror.
I’m sorry that you’re sad.
“Thanks for breaking glass where my kids play.” I don’t know why, but that line got a huge laugh out of me.
Never said I was amazed, just sorry that you’re so sad and upset at your own life, that you feel the need to shit on a stranger who enjoyed a video.
That doesn’t even make any sense.
u/undeleteparent
Netflix’s “13th” is a fantastic documentary on the prison system and this stupid loophole.
Nah, I’d say before WWII. Remember, a common argument to foreigners from them is “YOU’D ALL BE SPEAKING GERMAN IF IT WASN’T FOR US!!!”
It’s so bad and so common I once saw a comment that actually used “looser” and meant “looser”. I read it as them meaning loser until the sentence didn’t make sense anymore. Also, Urban Dictionary’s definition of looser is pretty good: A looser is a loser that can’t spell “loser”
It’s not that we’re fragile, it’s because when the same “unpopular” opinion which is incredibly popular on this site gets posted over and over and over, it’s annoying, and makes this sub suck. We get it, you don’t like us.
oH sO yOuR dAtA iS fRoM 2 yEaRs AgO?
For someone who likes to shit all over how ignorant Americans are, you’re pretty fucking ignorant yourself.
About as logical as yours!
Nah, you right. Mine was more logical.
I knew I would find a dumb ass comment like this in the thread.
My dad did, so it’s possible.
She looks like she could be [Kenneth Copeland’s daughter](https://i.imgur.com/x2JEQ6s.png), who is also a demon in a skin suit.
Your follow up really didn’t make anything clearer.
That’s why he wanted to drop the joke, and have his fans drop it, too. It was a funny inside joke among his fans, and originally started by his best friend Tom Segura and his wife on their podcast, but he didn’t like how some people actually thought it, and especially with everything that is going on right now, he wants everyone to drop it.
He’s had him on twice in almost 1,500 podcasts, so you don’t like him for that reason?
Follow the “lol” with a “nah” and you’ll probably make smoke come out of his ears.
Discount Eric Forman.
Wait, what?
Oh I agree, I don’t think he’s funny at all. His special was horrible and he only got there because of Rogan, that I all agree with. To hate someone for that though is a little strong, imo. But, to each their own.
Your profile is hilarious. You have a real fucking problem with men. You are like the female equivalent of MGTOW.
Did Louis ask those girls while he was on stage, and actually working? Or did he ask in his hotel room? If your job fires you for your legal sexual preferences in your own hotel room, then you have a shit job my friend.
Oh your profile is an absolute treasure.
Lol easy there, white knight. Point is he wasn’t “at work” like your analogy claimed. Keep going please, I want to see how far you will go to try and virtue signal your way into some pussy.
DDLG?
Ok thanks. Yeah, I knew it was a kink, just never heard the acronym before.
I tried to comb through twittter to find it but I can’t. It was a picture of two boys asleep on a bus, and her caption was “pretty boys asleep” or something like that. And he responded “that’s hilarious”. If I find it I’ll post it. Edit: [Found it. Was on TFATK subreddit](https://i.imgur.com/bPnJovb.jpg)
Can you explain it then? Because I read it 3 times and still don’t know what point you’re trying to make.
Lol “I dO mMa! Im ToUgH!” Also, “marital arts”
I just never pick up a call if it’s from a number not in my contacts. If it’s someone legit, they can leave a voicemail. Do people pick up calls from numbers they don’t recognize nowadays?
I remember that as a kid, too, except mine was a little shorter and a touch different. I remember the one I heard as: “Betty Boughta bought some butter, but she said ‘This butter’s bitter! If I put it in my batter, it will make my batter bitter!’ Betty Boughta bought a bit of better butter, which made her bitter batter better, so ‘twas Betty Boughta who bought a bit of better butter.” I like yours better, though.
Lmao stupid comment
Man, I thought I was the only one that caught that. And all he said was “this was a tick-“ and I already put that sentence in my head.
In all honesty it probably was, that’s just where my brain went.
Kinda like when Cosby was coming out of court, and delivered his “Hey Heyy HEYYYYY!”
r/negativewithgold
He also smells like shit.
I think they’re saying it’s inadmissible because all these clips are from comedy podcasts, with comedians who are telling jokes. So there’s no way to prove they weren’t joking. I would think it would be even harder to prove they were being serious in court given the fact that they are comedy podcasts. I’m not a lawyer though, so I don’t fucking know.
So how do I access that podcast anyway there, fuckface?
She literally said it was D’Elia in the comments...twice. I don’t know what you’re talking about, unless you actually didn’t read any comments.
Lol read the fucking comments dude, you’re making yourself look like a turd.
Now you’re not even making any fucking sense.
Says the guy questioning how we know she meant D’Elia. Lol fucking moron.
Oh, when you finally admit you were a moron? Got it. Good day, fella.
Probably the screenshot of him asking to make out with a chick, and her saying “I’m 16.”. I dunno, does that count?
You guys are going crazy with this shit. Any vague reference to anything happening currently is getting posted, and it’s turned this sub into trash. Mods, wake the fuck up and actually do what you’re supposed to.
Was? Shit son, [she still is](https://i.imgur.com/vWNmiTo.jpg)
AC story?
There was this story that got posted on a page (I don’t know if it’s true or not, but in my opinion it read like fan fiction. If it turned out to be true, it’s pretty fucked up) about Delia slipping drugs in a girls drink and either trying to fuck her, or he did. I’d have to find it. Edit: [Link](https://www.instagram.com/p/CByxNv9luh-/?igshid=1dkixcf5i7wia)
Oh yeah now I remember. Thanks
Am I the only one that watches this and it breaks my heart? That we’re *THIS* divided because of politics? This country has turned to shit, and all we do is fight with one another. It’s truly embarrassing for everyone.
But bro, our last cup was over a decade ago bro. You just don’t understand the pain of being a Red Wings fan. Like, when have we *ever* had it good?
Lol I’m hopeful my comment came off as sarcasm. I’ve been grateful as a Wings fan, but share your Leafs agony with also being a Detroit Lions fan.
I’ll take “The dumbest thing I’ll read today on Reddit” for $1000, Alex.
