And thats when he realised he fucked up.
You screwin with us?
Probably should add an /s.. can't tell sarcasm through writing
They defended badly but who the fuck expects that. Very well done.
Vandalizes council property. Writes address.
You fucking lunatic.
Not bad for someone with parkinson's.
"Go cage diving they said... itll be fun they said..."
Its the thought that counts though, right? xD
Not you apparently xD
who the fuck is drunk at the zoo?
I have wood foundations and went to upgrade my base and 4 of my critical foundations say blocked... edit: it was a box that was next to it.
Ah ok... but still... normal people arnt drunk lol infact wouldnt they throw you out if u were a drunken fool?
Whats he waiting for? Christmas?
Why does this warning exist?
How far did you go back xD
Whys she not using the truckers handle???
My mate covers quite a few of those roles xD
&gt; phage [Wiki Link For The Lazy](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bacteriophage)
Oh yeah!
Interested in pures? If so what price
Nice pic. Wheres this at never seen that rail arrangement before. (Uk s&amp;c designer)
Considering diamond is the new gold hell... you might be wishfully thinking but all the best.
No thanks dude.
ty
Yeah i remember that but it just doesnt seem right...
I didnt give up i just didnt want to play it. :) the only reason i bothered playing my 22 games was cos i was so close to champ.
Yeah im not doubting i'm a bit better but i dont practice anything i just play for a bit of a laugh here and there with my mates.
Beautiful.
Cos its casual i pressume.
2 doubles i would have missed lol
Yeah everyone has to have all evidence or it doesnt count. Source: im in court soon for something bullshit
Forged an invoice (worth £8k). Theyve had full access to all my accounts and clearly see the invoice was never paid and i never got any money... extremely frustrating and damaging to me. Thats the CPS for you... ignorant, arrogant and generally bad at their job (hence working for the government instead of a private firm earning more money) Somewhat bitter about the experience. (Which has lasted almost 3 years but they keep pushing it back). Sorry it wasnt more interesting lol.
Im shit at demoing lol
I assumed the blue right next to the red was the inner tube of the red ball as it looked rubber... hmm
32566 I've been following the game for about 2 years but haven't wanted to risk £45 without knowing if it feels and plays well on my rig. Unfortunately my circumstances have changed financially so £45 is a big deal if i don't get hours out of it. Thank you. The sounds and visuals are great.
The small pic on my phone made it look like a black guy that's had his head squashed by a sink somehow...
Potato vs coconuts.
1:50 was beautiful xD
She die or what?
This is the reason I've not bought it yet... £45... No thanks
Most waterfalls have a big deep pool at the bottom but I thought it's the undercurrent from waterfall that makes you drown.
I think this has just cemented it.
You don't need a space before the full stop.
I imagine it's cos gaming is fun... you know like the reason most people do...
I flinch more pulling a nostril hair out...
/r/askreddit off you pop xD I look forward to answering
Default is opaque
The grill broke as it got hit and now it's stuck behind it... ud be surprised and small a hole you can make something fit if you hit it at 60+mph
They mean "~" Not "+/-". Sorry that triggered me pretty hard.
If you're good with high sens you'd be great with low sens. If you wanna get really good you're gonna have to adjust to it.
Waste not want not
Same sens on a higher res would feel slower I think
Well no it's saying plus or minus 7million. Rather than ~ which is usually used for up to. But yes kinda pointless to get triggered by lol
It really doesn't take long to adjust. I've kinda gone the other way to play fn. Gone from an extremely low sens in vs to pretty much double and took me like 5 games or less to get used to it.
Pretty sure they usually do this much MUCH slower.
That guys got a good strike...
ty
An openworld mmofps where I get points to allocate where I want and my clan can take over places to hold for benefits and fight other clans over (with an antizerg feature). I don't care about graphics, I care about performance, gameplay and netcode.
How do you have a tank slapper when riding pretty much straight lol (I assume he hard accelerated lifting the front slightly then landed it with his wheel not aligned properly) E: just read the reason was a nail... Jesus.
And you don't want to be able to turn any more lol
Oxygen isn't flammable anyway you sausage ^^^/s
What?
Fucking disgusting. I wanna boil the cunts that do this.
I got it on humble bundle for like £3... was well worth... doesn't even run that badly any more I'll defo be giving another shot when they polish it a bit more.
Ill play it but I think most people are somewhat deluded when they think back to it. It was pretty boring with serious balancing issues.
Lots
Netcode was shit.
I'm sorry but there's never a reason to live like this... tidy up ffs... it's not hard is it.
Looks like the dude aims for him lol
You really think he was conscious after he was struck?
Dirty bomb. Extremely underrated game... most fun I've had in years... the ranked queue is pretty dead but casual is busy and that's pretty much what u want... right?
Go home candle... you're drunk.
Some people have no dignity
Either lock them or break the glass... jesus
Woo Derbyshire on reddit xD
Gw2 got another market campaign going on
Inconsistency is the difference between good and average.
My hair hurts when I get flu. Random fact about me for ya.
Vegans
Finally a sport Russia can be good at
He literally hit the rock with his face.
Beds probably misogynistic that's why this happened.
No need to shout!
Those two in the middle look like they ran into each other killing themselves. Also if this happens... does the farmer use them for meet?
At least he finished in pole.
At what point does it become sexual harassment... surely it's not legal
Soul destroying
A liar on the internet... are you mad!
Best bit is that those shorts were probably more than a tenner
A cad drawing of his shield... E: who tf downvoted that...
You sound deluded.
Gay in Russia lolok
So this is what happens when they actually catch them
Such a nice thing to read on reddit. It's usually doom n gloom.
What? I was answering the question.
It's one of the only for games to continually grow. Buy it.
Bet she was a few inches taller after that
Cute af
He was later caught.
Dickhead. Why the fuck would you give them pizza. Hopefully he didn't do too much damage.
I whip my hair back and fourth.
I'm sure the eels will love being constipated.
Fell or jumped?
Yeah far too many people don't give a shit about animals. I mean I'm no activist but I show them the respect and courtesy they deserve.
Not sure how one falls from a balcony heh sorry to hear though dude
No one says that.
Why wouldn't this result in a ban?
Yeah. E... none of them move AT ALL. E2... u/mule2go provided some insight. Thanks again.
I understand the point I just expected salmon to wriggle even just a tiny bit when handled. I assumed they were put in a water tank to keep them fresh. Watching it again none of them move AT ALL. pretty sure they're dead.
Great information. Thank you.
Implication of what?
I don't know how people lack the compassion to do that... :(
Having been on the wrong side of the law this is right.
I think you're bang on, thank you!
They're very supple. Meaning it can almost bend back on itself before it even gets close to snapping. (The tree)
It's health and safety gone mad. Phones don't(read shouldnt) spark and that would only work against unleaded if your very close to it. It's just to stop that 1 in a billion (if not more) chance.
Yeah it's kinda resourceful. Be comfy working at heights!
Yeah but u can just keep queuing it takes about 3 to 4 times on average to get in a game
Nah there would be no issue if we all solo queued
In the UK we would be driving and 0.1533mph and still crash.
Mine doesn't but I'll get the guys to check E. Thanks for that suggestion
Trypophobia............. 🤬
Something to sink your teeth into.
I don't give a shit what people class it as.. It's a real thing I've had since about 6... these sort of patterns make me mad as a child I would tear up chicken skin with my fork cos of the bubbled patterns... What's the actual name for it?
Tree fiddys = one fiddy
That webbing is too perfect to be real. Shopped I'd say.
Those his training wheels?
Industry leader is the one to go for for most theme park mmos... ... this couldn't be further from wow though.
It's defo not a phobia... I'm not scared of it it just gives me rage
Yeah flushables say flush 1-2 max at a time for that reason. I use normal tp then finish on a flushable for freshness
Yeah but that's the case for everything as nothing is really completely water soluble. (In terms of wipage)
its not soluble.
My point is that if it's not soluble then it WILL clog at some point if the particles catch almost anything. Toilet tissue wipes also break up just not as quick as paper.
I think you're completely incoherent of what I'm saying. They BOTH add to a blockage. You ignorant fucking moron.
Yeah that's what I read... wasn't there an article last time too?
Up 240 on thanks to korea mexico; kor first goal kick and first card, mex to bag a peno... Yesterday cost me about a 10er. Lol
Both of mine didn't cry either... this bitch is a fucking retard... this has absolutely infuriated me.
They should have mooved from under the tree, the silly ^^^^^beef sausages.
They take food way better than my dogs...
It's a real thing you mean it's not a recognised phobia.
Gtfo
It's good that you embrace it. :)
Ring camera system... so appropriate.
Aren't we all?
Bless destroyed bless
The weird thing is people still smoke cigarettes.
It's a shame it's dead :(
Is there any progression in the general RPG sense though? I've had my eye on that for a while kinda waiting for the big update.
Worlds adrift looks interesting, how does it run, all the videos i've seen look laggy. Also how do the servers work and are they populated? (I'd prefer official servers). Also, does your ship "log off" with you? or are you sleeping like rust? great suggestion, thank you. Sceeps looks interesting if you want to learn or flex your java xD really interesting idea!
I'm a pretty varied gamer, I've played pretty much every moba around, including mobile ones, however i hate click to move. There's a MOBAFPS coming out soon called Nanobotic. I'm not overly fussed about fair fights; i just dont want groups of 20 going at it cos it's boring ranged just poking etc, real co-ordination is required with big groups and it usually doesnt happen.
Hey sorry I played that on release, unfortunately I played kfm and the servers weren't up to much so meant the ms timed chaining was next to impossible. I believe I paid for the £100 bundle too xD
I played it a while back and also played blc. I didn't know they added a 1v1 mode... I even still have it in my library the only problem is lack of progression other than comp rank off.
Yeah that's pretty cool. How active are the servers?
I will give zeal ago on release for sure. Crowfall is a while off apparently but again something else I'm looking forward to.
The tiny window for this game irritated me way more than it should have, I still have it installed though.
Loved that when it was first released, went back with a friend some months back and it just felt naff lol. (Sorry I really feel like I've played pretty much everything)
&gt;Phoenix This is one game i havent yet played. However, it has less than 90 people on the server, right?
Thanks bud. I'm looking forward to TD2 for sure, some of the changes they look to have made should make the pvp more fun, imo. At heart i'm an FPSer (ex GE in cs etc)
Sounds good but is 87 seems a little dead? What's the live server like?
Ah ok Ty.
How populated is EU??
What made you put Eve in that list lol if wows content is overwhelming the learning curve for Eve alone is gonna absolutely kill him.
Neocron wAs the best game I've ever played made on the worst engine in the world. Why the fuck haven't they remade it in ue4... Makes me so mad.
That's more populated than I thought. I quite enjoyed open world pvping in that as a noob.
I'm surprised I've read neocron in 2 posts today. What a game that *was*.
E is for edit.
That's where it's reposted from.
You seem to know a lot about tigers... Hobby or job?
Yeah spent a week trying to learn frigate PvP on an account I've have on/off for years... I just couldn't get into it... I was buzzing everything I got popped though xD
That's cool dude. Pretty jealous.
Didn't u used to press a button where you turned PvP on and you can attack anyone in the open world? Is that still a thing?
Lol I'm not sensitive at all ya silly sausage. Again you're just making yourself look even more moronic. Bless your cotton socks.
Thanks.
I don't like Eve, I love the idea of it but it's a little boring in its delivery. I can't wait for their FPS though.
Sharins carin!
Imagine if these were 6 feet tall...
Isn't neverwinter p2w af?
Serious case of tunnel vision.
I mean... Anyone with at least one functioning eye can easy see that...
Why do you have the rear exhaust bringing air in?
It's very unconventional also it's ill situated for airflow may cause some weird turbulence, Etc. Standard flow would be 2 in the front 1 out rear 1 out top. This would give roughly balanced airflow. You can add an extra on in the top for a negative pressure set up or another one in the front (or bottom) for positive. Generally having more than 3 decent case fans hits a diminishing returns where it becomes impractical to do Vs cost.
This is a negative air pressure build and is perfectly fine. You may find more dust in the system though.
Is Navi gonna be announced at the same time as the CPUs?
Yeah bns was really fun but server lag was pretty crappy for kfm. I have Gloria victis they're editing a great job for a small team. Well worth the £2.50 I paid rofl
Nope not at all. There's some good short videos that give good basic advice on airflow and the differences between fans. What bit makes you think the temps would rise etc
I use xD all the time... :(
Yeah 30 with a two and five year old. 😁
Yeah air flow is pretty simple and in that arrangement it would come in and the try and fire straight out the top, I can't see it really doing much.
The colour is almost a pride thing now though lol. You see an ugly as sin fan and instantly know the guy is a racer not a ricer.
xD
Not quite how it works. You need to look at it as a box rather than individually. You need flow rather than brute force.
You'll be losing air that's bypassing the cooler and going straight out the top. You want the flow to be nicely distributed and impo (completely person preference) positive pressure so that it blows dust out of the cracks and opposed to pulling it in. I kinda wanna draw and show you but I'm on mobile... I'll look on Google to see if I can find something.
Like this https://www.extremetech.com/wp-content/uploads/2012/05/Air-flow.png Ignoring the terrible case ofc.
Well no, you pull nice cool air from the front and bottom; this gets pulling in my the fan on it's way up the case (as it heats up) then out of the top and back of the case, making a nice simple flow. I dont know the exact numbers or whether they're just arbitrary or not but i imagine it'll definitely cost you a few °C having this setup. If you have it set up like this, bench it for 10 mins on small FFT record the numbers then change the fans around and do the same thing, if you bother to do that let me know, cos im really interested.
Pretty sure the 25% increase was inclusive of all updates...?
Exactly so why doubt them?
All that sexiness and work but you leave the glass sticker on?
I avoided watching this for so long assuming the lion was slowly killed... Cos of this title I was able to watch it... Fucking brilliant..
Waste not want not.
I'm not sure what I'd go with. A 24" 1440p one is tempting though...
I've just done some research and your dead right! Thanks dude.
I'm by no means squeamish. Just hate the looks in their eyes as they die xD. No problem watching people get blown to shit etc lol weird I know.
Lol this is very true. Behind a computer you are completely disconnected from it I also never have sound on, sounds impact me more than graphics. For the record I didn't think I'm tough lol I'm a pretty sensitive chap.
I mean what's stein lol
Same ... Wth
Wtf you on about...
yeah i dont know what that guy is smoking.
Not the same buffalo
These sorts of posts are just irritating now. How about we just wait and see. (I agree it won't be 250 for the record)
What a mess :( lol
Any idea what profit % they currently run?
Nice to see the GPU is a bottle neck on bfv
Great build, case is a let down though. (Just my opinion).
He's not earthed so why would he get electrocuted?
But he still wouldn't be the path of least resistance so wouldn't get shocked... Right...?
Right, but that would take a lot of cable to give the resistance of the human body to make that the lowest path of resistance? &amp;#x200B; I'm a mechanical engineer, i'm genuinely curious.
Thanks
The insulation does exactly that, it keeps the wires separated so they wouldnt spark off each other. As long as the insulation is good the dudes ok... like in the video.
Dayz all over again.
how have you made that much mess with your cable "management" xD
Haha fair one dude. Used to be like that but now I'm a bit ocd with it all.... And I don't have a window to even see in my pc... XD
my i5 4670k at 4.2 is still a huge bottle neck on that game with a 980gtx :( cant wait for 3000 series to be release for a new build so excited.
Thank you (everyone). So, if i plan on overclocking, it's worth just spending that little bit more to give myself the best chance?
thank you - yeah im always really unlucky with this, maybe next year will be different! xD
Yeah that was my thought. Worth a punt though imo!
Holy shit your attitude is refreshing! Since there's no PvP i'm out, but man, i seriously wish you all the best!
It's got like 0 hype... and im pretty sure they've done that on purpose. If it's anything like Ark it'll run like shit but will be a bit of fun.
It's survival RPG-ish. If you've played ark, it's basically like that but with a bit more on "one" server. (it's actually loads of servers stitched together) They claim to have 40,000 people in "one" server; in a huge world, where you craft, loot, construct, fight, tame and sail.
This is what i wasnt sure of, do all 2700's go in 1 bin.
The other reply is great thanks dude. Absolutely love these builds. Makes me want one...
Yeah for sure. I'm going D15 on my next build.
As a new comer to amd I must remember this with the 3000 series.
hahah the irony is strong with this one.
All the best my man. Love from England.
Beautiful.
I'm going for a D15 in that case too. What ram are you using... Can't you use both of the noctua fans?
It was 40000 did they review it...?
ah ok, so theyre not LP ram sticks? I'm gonna use LPX with it; if i cant comfortable use both fans on a H500 though im gonna have to go back to the drawing board once again. :(
Can you absolutely not hold of til Navi?
Thanks dude - i'm sure it will. I'm lucky enough to still have my career and family so it's not that bad! Yeah, the vega will be perfectly fine for gaming for a while anyway! I'll have to rock the 980GTX for a little while until Navi is out.
It's usually a code on a card.
I'd be worried for lack of cooling for an oc
Exactly this. I'm getting it regardless. My pc is like 5+ years old and I'm due a new one.
Don't you dare give me good reason to do it... 🤔
Yeah the 4 cores really need upgrading for 144fps AAA games now really.
I'd honestly hold out if you can.
I bet it didn't. Pulling hairs hurts like fuck.
... I think the woosh belongs to you mon petit pois.
Americans call KitKat chunkies KitKat big kat? 🤣
If I pull one of my beard hairs out it fucking kills... It'll still have a root regardless of length.
You've done extremely well to get 4.8 out of a 3.3 chip! Yeah amd for a CPU is a no brainer. GPU on the other hand is still a tough choice for me.
Jesus if that kick had landed...
The new CPUs will be better than the olds ones. That's all we can assume.
This just highlights that these journalists know absolutely fuck all about tech and business. How embarrassing.
This is what most people in Reddit live on.
Lol it's not at dig at Americans dude. I just find it funny how they brand things differently cos of culture or whatever.
It'll be fun I can promise you. I can also promise you it will run like shit and be buggy... Definitely fun though.
Why the cross fire doe. Looks great
His disguise!
He's way beyond diminishing returns... Waaaay beyond.
You earn your money dudette you spend it how you want! Can't take it with ya!! 🤣
Good man. I wish I could be arsed to do that I just let my pcs gather dust to the point of being useless... Luckily my wife and kids will soon make good use of this one when I upgrade.
Make it free and I MIGHT get it...
This is a shit sub that's why. It's extremely negative about pretty much everything. I'm only here in hope of hearing about a new game lol I don't take any advice form here.
No thanks
Can add intel and Nvidia to that; they're almost as guilty of customer exploitation... (I'll take the down votes)
Cute af.
!remindme 28 days
No.
It's a repeated pattern made in Photoshop. It's not the map... It's something someone made just as a representation...
You'd have no choice
A very uKNEEque approach.
That's one smart little mother fucker.
Isn't one a bidet?
Might be fucking awesome. (Sorry)
Thank you.
I mean if money is no issue intel is the best you can't argue that.
Ah sorry didn't watch in bed don't wanna wake the wife.
Rust again... Oh wait. There are no MMOs currently worth my time 🤤
i play on vanilla+ servers, just getting back into it, a lot has changed since i played it last year. nothing get your heart going like a bow fight over a metal node xD guns ruin it though imo, i think theyre a bit too skillless.
Perfect timing for Ryzen 3000
That a h500?
Sell the fan and buy the black version
Oh good I'm thinking of going h500 with the d15
Yeah I spent an entire afternoon looking at reviews and builds for the h500 pretty sure that's the case I'm going for. I'm very interested in seeing the new noctuas cooler in q1 2019!
You just described Reddit.
Get out.
Your loss. *Unzips*
They love doing this shit. Hornets seem to do it a lot too. Brutal bastards.
I'm like that with anything. All or nothing. Lol
You're right, It adds another aspect. It's great.
As far as animals go crocs are absolute units, they survive pretty brutal shit.
Also with a 5 year old rig. Can't fucking wait for 3000 series. So excited I love specing, buying and building pcs.
Navi. 3000.
/r/woooosh
Looks sick !
that it wasnt a nature is metal post. saying it was emo etc.
This squirrel on squirrel crime has to stop.
How much pay total?
I'm gonna get the non I version as the window faces a wall. Is there any negatives that spring to mind? Did you get any additional fans?
Scumbags are everywhere my friend.
Put it in a kitty bag.
I feel really stupid now lol, i assumed the three types were hornets, wasps and bees. xD thank you!
Most people on this sub are absolute idiots.
They really fucked up at the beginning... I was really enjoying it too but my mates quit :(
Wasn't sarcastic. In my workplace we've had maybe one go wrong in 10 years (changed every 5) and that includes 10s of laptops and atx's. And personally none of my gaming rigs have ever broken in 20 years of hardcore use... Troubleshooting hardware is pretty easy and fast like you say as long as you have soared you're all good!
I meant in general I know the different between the I and non I 🤣
100% agree
Meh whatever. I'm used to unorganised companies doing this sort of stuff. Hopefully it's for the best though. I'm still buying it.
That's really interesting... Thanks for that!
I was wrong. I apologise.
N D A
ROFL bless ya. You just got ruined several times.
Haha you're too cute.
With your setup what FPS do you get in bfv? Sorry to be random
Ah ok I'm only after 1080 numbers really maybe 1440
Makes me fucking excited for the new year!! Is the 2700x running at 100%? Thanks for this
Was
I thought they were doing this to test systems... Now I realise they're just fucking scumbags.
That's some good snow!
When I first saw this it had the start missing I had no idea that poor little bastard was alive at the time! Jesus.
Kids a cunt and should have gotten a broken nose. He's gonna get way more than that in his depressing little scumbag life.
&gt; Amd i come here to escape the hype :(
Loyal fan base. Ilold
Yeah this is low quality!
At least he didn't repost the actual image so it is likely to be a genuine mistake.
Slates them for not acting in a professional manor whilst not acting in a professional manor... Go figure.
C ya you whiney little bitch. Take your mates with you. You won't be missed.
They literally said they share assets ... What's wrong with arks assets...?
It's like ark... I enjoyed ark... The issue for me with ark was that finding a server was a pain but that's gonna be fixed... there's also a hell of a lot more progression in this.
That's a pretty naive view on this... They're basic there business plan on 80k players or less... Asking these trolls and whiney kids to leave isnt gonna change that at all... Infact they're pushing people away from the game (as a lot of people on Reddit are sheep)
irony.
how else would you start a survival game?
Ark was great fun.
Intel and Nvidia have been abusing consumers for the last 10 years as they had the monopoly on the market. And are just trying to claw the market share back which will make the coming years great for us as it'll force them to pull their fingers out in regard to performance and pricing.
Couldn't take my eyes off that lip liner...
Holy shit that's small... (She said)
Dead ard he is. What a prick. I reckon my 5 year old girl can punch with better form than him.
The trailer was done in game. Take that model and run those graphics it'll look the same. Stop being a cancerous piece of shit. This subs a joke. e: downvoted for truth? told ya.
Didn't really read but space cowboy online?
I'm afraid were the minority. Reddit has just become either pure fanboy or a lynching squad... Pretty depressing really.
They could shard it...
Yeah dude let's just wait let them fix it. Can't wait tbh
Look at those potato graphics /s Game can look stunning
Which is fucking generous! You're a good man
Nothing kills the feeling of an mmo than not being able to play it.
Same to you dude. Although Xmas is gonna really start on the 9th lol
I'm also atheist 🙂
exactly this, and they need to be exponentially more expensive the more you place.
Yeah pretty infuriating... Why do people have to be utter dickheads... They literally ruin it for everyone including themselves.
Nice one dude. Is there any point going for an 'x' motherboard?
to be fair it's mindless zombie sheep that join those guilds.
i've tried taming about 10 wolves... not once have i had the chance to feed it...
yeah ive bola'd them and not got the option once...
Just made a trap base and it was working fine but I had to feed it from its back lol. I didn't realise it would take 20-25 bolas and 40-60 food So need to farm up the bolas before I start
Cos Nvidia GPUs are generally better and less troublesome. Hopefully Navi will be amds time to shine. With the troublesome part I should clarify that I personally know of two people (out of 2) who swapped out the 4XX cos of graphical issues... That's all I can base it on. (And the issues I had with my 6950s when God was a boy). I also can't wait for Navi I'm pretty certain I'll be swapping out my 980gtx for one.
absolutely broken the game for me. I play as a three, but most of the time it's just me so i need to keep specing all over the place just to survive.
Yeah I've not had one for a while but I'm pretty sure some of my friends swapped from 580s cos they were having weird graphical issues... So can only go.on that. Believe me when I say i.want and to.rule the markets.
I mean if you build near the coast isn't that a risk... I know the spawns are fucked but couldnt that have happened anyway?
Both...
So when someone sails up the coast in a gun shop they'll use it to raid.
You pick somewhere tactical that means you can't be nailed from the coast but you don't have to travel miles to build your ship.
Not had that issue at all on my island so must be a local issue. it's not cos of buildings is it? things dont spawn near your buildings.
best game in this genre tbh.
Hire him.
You'll be back. As shit as it is it's like crack.
Claim a land far away from a base it won't take long to claim it.
Badbot
Amen to this doing my fucking nut in I can't find any anywhere.
Yeah it definitely does count as long as it's in the animal and not the floor.
Jaguar logo right there.
🤢
Yeah sometimes we need it for a couple of horrifically hot days lol fans generally do me
Banishing an elemental in MC when it was at 2% hp and blaming another warlock (cyclade on al'akir)
Let's change the way we live...
This is awesome. So many random noobs are gonna try this and wipe now haha
Made me sad like most of this subs content :(
I need to visit this
Wow thanks for the effort put into this. I need to look into this properly. I owe my dad some money for him bailing me out a few years ago and my life is slowly getting back on track so I'm saving up to try and take him on a trip like this. (I'm from UK btw so no where near as expensive)
Not how it works. There's more players which means more trash which increases your odds of grouping with trash. Most people who watch streamers to the point of wanting to be on their realm are normally trash.
Not gonna lie this is the best art that's ever been shown on this sub xD love it.
MVP.
Haha nah you'll be ok. Most sane people understand the Bible is a novel.
GJ. What's the final cost if you don't mind me asking.
Jesus you guys get it good xD
Not in the UK there isn't xD the same build would probably be over £400 and the exchange rate isn't 1;1 lol
Really appreciate the info my dude. Will save this!
Gaming on a slow ass ips monitor no thanks m8!
The joy of gaming is playing how you want to play. What makes you think your view is the right view? Leave the dude a lone jeez.
To you that's the best thing. Not every one is the same my dude. Personally I hate the thought of wasting time doing things that I didn't really need to do. I'll be going the most efficient way however that includes leveling my professions along the way (as it's more efficient to do so)
Yeah I recently went shopping for one... Waaaay to pricey for decent performance. I went with a £400 27 1440p va panel instead... Extremely happy with it.
If you can't tell the difference between the ips and the TN unless they're next to each you must have it set up wrong or an awful ips. Link me the ips with the same specs if you can please dude I'm really interested to see this. (My specs 1ms 1440p freesync 27")
I also have "it" out of interest how do you feel when you see them? I personally get pretty angry and want to smash the fuck out of it...
Best looking set ever made... I'm not even a warrior :(
You never see the owl with one eye that still hunts...?
My CS team lost to the zboard team at i24 by 1 round. :(
I'm gonna charge my mates 25s a summon #ezmoney xF ( I won't really)
Birds... Just gonna leave that here.
britain has also used it commonly (at least in the midlands)
Used to lol not now
10s and they can have one 😉
My wife is awesome. She fully understands my obsession and doesn't bat an eyelid if I book a week off work and refuse to do anything with her and the kids for a week. I love my wife... To add to it she'll bring food and drink to my office and do everything in the house. Sorry to all you guys that don't have this. /Gloat
But who's gonna do all the chores and look after the kids?
From the internet where else do you buy wives from?
Haha fair one my dude.
This is extremely true.
Rofl. Chill out. Don't take everything on the internet so literally.
It's called messing around having a laugh. I assume you're single and lonely. Lighten up once in a while it'll make life much more bearable. I could nolife the shit out of this game if i wanted to; i choose not to cos i have a life beyond a computer game; i'm somewhat successful so far so i'm all good; thanks for caring. I'm just a "jokey" kind of guy... like i got a urgent cancer referral from the doctors last week... i'm not moping around about it i was laughing and joking with the Dr, it's just how some people are, not everyone is super serious, get over it. (i'm 31 with a young family... cancer at this age would suck, but it is what it is and i have to make the most of it.)
Yeah it'll be fine. If people ever fall out over wow it says a lot about them lol
Fucking heartbreaking.
I know it's smaller but is this about the best i can get for the money? &amp;#x200B; [https://www.amazon.co.uk/LG-Electronics-43UK6400-Black/dp/B07B4KQB55/ref=sr\_1\_7?fst=as%3Aoff&amp;qid=1561049289&amp;refinements=p\_36%3A-35000%2Cp\_n\_feature\_three\_browse-bin%3A329378031%2Cp\_76%3A419158031%2Cp\_72%3A419153031%2Cp\_n\_feature\_thirteen\_browse-bin%3A12421319031%2Cp\_n\_feature\_two\_browse-bin%3A2752523031&amp;rnid=12413002031&amp;rps=1&amp;s=electronics&amp;sr=1-7](https://www.amazon.co.uk/LG-Electronics-43UK6400-Black/dp/B07B4KQB55/ref=sr_1_7?fst=as%3Aoff&amp;qid=1561049289&amp;refinements=p_36%3A-35000%2Cp_n_feature_three_browse-bin%3A329378031%2Cp_76%3A419158031%2Cp_72%3A419153031%2Cp_n_feature_thirteen_browse-bin%3A12421319031%2Cp_n_feature_two_browse-bin%3A2752523031&amp;rnid=12413002031&amp;rps=1&amp;s=electronics&amp;sr=1-7)
Heya sorry I went and bought a 49uk6400plb seems alright for 330... I will defo bear your advice in mind when I have to replace my next one (which won't be too long I'm sure)
Thanks for the prompt response. I assume 500mm into the 700mm deep desk at two equi-spaced locations should be enough?
This is pretty much what I was thinking! Thanks for your input... I'll get it drawn up in cad so it all works properly. I appreciate your help bud!
I feel you but I'm poor at the moment. Once our life is financially back on track I may get it done. It's just not number one priority at the moment. I also want it to be white so putting a nice looking wood in would be a waste of money... Money I unfortunately can't afford to "waste".
I have to say that this TV seems to me to give pretty good images. I use a VA 1440p freesync 1ms gaming monitor that i think defo has the edge but my monitor is about 20% more expensive than the TV xD
Think you're reading a little too much into that. They're probably best mates she just thinks games are stupid. Sometimes it's nice to have different hobbies in a relationship.
I mean a lot of the older generations think it's stupid and that's fine. My misus would play an FPS with me but she wouldn't touch an mmo cos they look gay... Which is fine by me. Both of us having an unhealthy obsessive hobby would be devastating lol. (I'm currently 31 and 10 years in with my wife)
Thank you for this my dude.
Holy shit I didn't know that. Not gonna lie I'm fuming about that 😂🥺😫
The game was boosted by the publicity from Shroud and his positive attitude toward the game... it's no where near healthy enough for people to buy into as it'll die. They need to think of a way to make the game more popular... charging £10-15 isnt enough for now... clearly as it's getting no where. &amp;#x200B; It needs the publicity of shroud/other fps streaming gods and possibly a free weekend with a good sale for £9.99 or less. &amp;#x200B; For the record i own it.
I swear it knocked that snake clean out in the first one... Although I'm pretty sure it'll die cos it actually got bit
You're bang on the money. My bet is it'll still be out of the top 100 then which isn't enough for a competitive shooter. Shame really.
What's the point? I seriously hope you enjoy your job! 😔
You get walrus punched at the end of that sentan
Hey! I went to a school with a kid called Ross in Britain... Is that you?
xD cute that you answered No I'm Midlands 😂
I want one...
This is beautiful... What exactly is it... I get it's something in space... But what?
Pass the puffer to the left hand side.
This really is interesting thanks! I hope your daily living isn't too hindered.
What a wonderful smell that would be xD
Thank you! Concrete sleepers. Look like they are fast clipped.
Perfect use of momentum
You watch people die all the time on here
How's it run? I've ran it on bluestacks and Nox but runs kinda shit and looks pretty terrible. (I'm on a gaming rig optimised for VT)
Eve is too much for me personally. Echoes is the perfect casualesque middle ground.
Badbot
yeah i have the same issue, it runs much better and is super responsive on my phone but it's just nice to have it on the PC it's a little more chill. I'm buzzing for release
Thanks for the info very interesting.
The joy of eve is it's a genuine sandbox. You can make money however you WANT to play... I can't wait. Eve online was a little much for me, this was absolutely perfect.
Lol it's no expensive at all. Hrs/£ is low af
What? It's a sub...? Isn't it?
Wtf are you on about. You pay a sub for a number of bonuses one of which is supporting the running of the services and payment of its staff. Your stupid statement applies to absolutely anything you buy ever...
Wow not seen this in ages xD
This made me be the awkward guy laughing in a workplace toilet... Thanks 😒
You dickhead
Gtfo
That cunts going straight to jail, don't pass go, don't collect 200.
Party pooper here you can assign over 5 prints on most phones.
Loser. I have 3.
Ds4 is far superior. Xbox controllers are dire quality.
I've only used it for 2 games but yeah had no issues... Why?
I think you might be after a cosplay body paint softcore porn equivalent (ya old perv) xD
I like how mother went into the second hole saw it was a dead end then later when she got shit up she tried to go back into it xD memory like a sieve
I'm agreeing with you that this particular cosplay isn't overly impressive but i can't say it offends me at all like it does you.
He Rigoulout of that one.
Name checks out.
Just so you know he's ripping absolute fuck out of you and making you look an utter cunt 😂
Didn't they say insurance is coming? Thought I read that somewhere
Fps is capped from the game. Macros won't help at all... Oh and emulators run like shit.
Wtf is with your name and attitude towards Indians lol.
Out of interest did you bitch about another youtuber covering the same content you do? I just remember seeing it on a video somewhere and now he does nothing but promote your stuff...
Good to hear.
Pic of the front https://imgur.com/a/xppOpMG
What does your brother do? Being brothers to a millionaire could be rough
Thanks for the detail dude, appreciate. Really glad you guys are doing good in life and not being distorted by being compared to your brother. No offense but that sounds like horrific parenting and I'm sorry you had to out up with it. Being from England if you lived on a lake it'd mean you had insane amounts of money... Here's me proud of my 4 bed semi with a 20m x 10m garden (that's pretty big for here)... Crazy.
Yeah man our lives are probably worlds apart! My house isn't expensive due to it not being in the nicest area but it's where I grew up and got to buy from my family. It's a one of a kind house round here due to it being a normal 3 bed semi with a mahoosive extension on it. So I get to have a pool room and a hot tub and live a pretty luxurious life in a very lower class way lol.
Rofl this is fucking awful but GG on moving out!
Username checks out
UK is a strimmer..
Shut up you tart.
It feels so far from finished but the basis is there for sure.
I'm there now... 6 hours or so in, loving it then suddenly... Wait there's no active PvP there's no point in anything... It's very weird
I'm already there. Flagged for PvP came up against a guy 10 or so levels about fought him for 5 or so mins hiding behind tree chugging pots and eating and dashing away etc I was hoping so much more from PvP in the open world.
I think it looks fine but doesn't run that we'll yet but I spoke they're running extra systems and maybe an old iteration on the alpha. I get 100-150 on 2600x and 1080ti @1440p (on low)
It has a great basis that's for sure.
I've had two in the last 10 years. Only one problem and that was a cam sensor on an E46 with 100k+ took me 20mins and £8 from a scrappers to fix. Personal experience with then are great but I hear bad things about the newer models with outsourcing lots of parts from China/Korea :(
Well done the other driver for recognising Kimi entering too hot and LETTING him passed without causing a crash. Kimi fucked up and did well to save it. edit: this is obvious by the amount of speed/time lost on the car in front.
I don't think you know what retardation is.
I have no interest in ships or the sea really but I fucking love shipwrecks.
Ofc it didn't lol. No doubt some angler caught it Wacked with a bankstick in its head and rammed it tree. Anglers fucking hate them, at least in the uk. (I'm not an angler)
In the UK they're an issue for river anglers rather than lake ones. Carp are usually in lakes.
Beans are so cheap here lol you'll get a four pack for £1. Beans on toast with cheese on is a top meal xD
The more eat the more you fart...
When I went to the state I was looking forward to try all the American confectionary... Man it was bad. British is so much better xD
To be fair we need to sort of shit for culling of the genepool.
Retarded statement is retarded.
This explains so much I was like how the fuck does it look like that. I've obviously never been there and only seen the standard pics.
Didn't an Englishman (from England) invent the muffin in the us?
You won't die to war but you will die to everything else 😂
You're confusing it with another video.
Much paranoia.
How very obtuse.
Aren't they just body builders. I don't get it?
We back in the 90s?
Looks expensive... And impractical. You need designs etc to be cleared for building a house... Also looks like plyboard exterior... That'll weather well lol...
i've just updated to see that mines stuck in pairing... wtf.
Asl?
