/r/upvotebecausewiener
The funny thing about Portillo's is that while it is very tasty, it used to be better before it was sold a few years ago. Commence salivation at that thought.
Have you been to Smoque BBQ? It's probably one of the only BBQ places worth going to on the Northside, and I wonder what a native Texan would think about it.
County BBQ on Taylor St. has amazing burnt ends, but that's all I can think of.
Enjoy the New Year and all Illinois and Chicago will legally offer you in 4 hours!
Text book definition of practical, actually. Does this offend you?
More ignorance from gen X and above, love it. Since it's so important to you, feel free to have enough kids to make up for me. Then there won't be a problem! Thanks sport!
Smaller countries all over the world are going all in on nuclear and it's absurd that politicians in the richest country in the world is arguing it's too expensive or unsustainable.
He's specifically talking about thorium reactors, which fall under thermal reactor groups. There's debate between thorium reactors and fission (U-235 as fuel), but I think Yang is latching onto the abundancy of thorium rather than how available it is.
Nervous? No. Excited? Totally. No matter what the Democratic field will be in good shape coming into the end of the primary season. Pete's my number 1 choice and I don't even have a 2nd anymore, but if Pete doesn't make it out of Super Tuesday I won't have a problem rallying behind who ever is left. Pete's campaign is one for the ages and will be studied and referenced immensely no matter we what happens, and it's hard not to be hyped for how well it's been doing and will continue to do.
No reason to be. Pete was absolutely obscure a year ago and most people aren't even paying attention to the campaigns right now. $25 million for a candidate with little name recognition is remarkable.
What is that nightmarish creature sitting behind it?
Don't worry, I'm in my 30's and up until recently I had no idea Kansas did not have a professional baseball team. Fucking Kansas City, *Missouri*.
1 billion dollarydoo contract it is then.
Wrong sub.
https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Federal_Crop_Insurance_Corporation#History
It used to be much worse too. When I grew up there we often would not get help in grocery stores. Like, they would shut the register down when it was our turn. It's one of those things that stood out. As time went on and people started to get used to seeing us everywhere we were finally accepted as locals, but people would still drive by and scream "fuck haoles!"
I think OP means hiking and things like that. There is essentially zero of that here. Have to go north to WI, MN or MI.
I'll put it this way - I grew up in Hawaii, but nothing compares to Chicago. World class city and all the amenities and experiences that come with it for midwestern prices. I never want to leave.
I prefer Mathiessen, just because its not as crowded. But I mean basically just fucking off for a few days and going into the woods. Not a lot of places to do that here, and you have to drive far or compete with large crowds.
What's everyone's thoughts on Pete not getting delegates across Illinois when the other front runners did? Even Yang outdid Pete. No idea what this means for the primary.
&gt;armchair internet You might be missing the point of putting "armchair" in front of things.
Illinois has excellent first time home buyer grants, and I think an additional grant if you're buying in a depressed area. The income limit is high as well so you should qualify. https://www.nerdwallet.com/blog/mortgages/illinois-first-time-home-buyer-grants/
The advice is perfectly fine, thanks.
He's from Chicago, and on our local news his mom said he enlisted to help pay for college at Northern Illinois University.
/r/conservative went from saying that to now celebrating the thought of war.
We have a smoker that a vet from either Iraq or Afghanistan started making after seeing how well those barrels worked. I can't wait for more culinary inventions.
Don't forget the newly vacant pentagon chief of staff.
This 100% Trump's fault. Actually, no. It's 100% the fault of every single person who supports the GOP of 2020.
Nah they are old, fat and too stupid.
&gt;walk wide of the bench. Is here good? *No* Ok how about 2 feet over here? [Ope, 'scuse me.] *Yea you're good, mate*
Recommend getting gas tonight, friends. Shits gonna be expensive soon.
Done coddling them. The Republican voters on this website choose their bubble. You want to walk on egg shells around American hating cowards be my guest. I'll make them feel embarrassed and little at every avenue I can from here on out.
Deletes every comment to hide it's Trump supporting history, lol.
No, Trump and his 2020 supporters are what's wrong with this country. The GOP are what's wrong with this country. Period. End of discussion.
Probably just as a precaution since the president of the United States and its GOP supporters are bumbling fucking idiots.
What a hilarious bad attempt, Vlad.
The whole world hates Trump supporters, don't worry pal.
Go away troll. You lose.
The worst if the democratic party is infinitely better than the best of the republican party, so this Russian propaganda you're trying to spew can fuck. right. off.
&gt;The worst of the democratic party is infinitely better than the best of the republican party. &gt; &gt;Again. &gt; &gt; &gt;The worst of the democratic party is infinitely better than the best of the republican party. &gt; &gt;Again. &gt; &gt;The worst of the democratic party is infinitely better than the best of the republican party. Then just keep repeating that until it's ingrained in your head then go out and vote Democrat in 2020, 2022 and 2024 and keep Trump and the GOP out of office until they learn their lesson.
&gt;The worst of the democratic party is infinitely better than the best of the republican party. &gt; &gt;Again. &gt; &gt; &gt;The worst of the democratic party is infinitely better than the best of the republican party. &gt; &gt;Again. &gt; &gt;The worst of the democratic party is infinitely better than the best of the republican party. You lose, champ. I can go all night.
No way, Trumper.
Hey buddy. Guess what. Fuck Trump and fuck GOP supporters.
Especially if they support Trump and the GOP. They are the biggest idiots.
Uh dude, no. No no no. Lots of good reasons to help out everyone else and make the future what you want it to look like.
Man you are so upset people aren't dumb enough to fall for "both sides are the same" in a thread about countries shooting missiles at each other because a dumbass baby boomer GOP president is an unstable loser.
Trump voters? Totally.
I didn't vote Trump, so no.
By pretending to be tough online, duh.
The song at the end was 🔥 🔥.
The United States of America? They've killed more innocents than all terrorist groups combined.
Seems Trump's sanctions allowed them to keep funding it. Drowning in far right kool-aid, lol.
The US military.
Iran already had one of the largest air forces in the world.
All these people are capable of are lies.
What I'm saying is you're hilariously ignorant.
Are you some kind of masochist?
Don't worry, everyone is laughing at them too.
I know WayOfTheBern wants you to hate everyone not named Bernie Sanders, but hopefully you'll realize that any blue candidate is better than Trump.
Same. I have a lab/border collie who goes after every dog he comes across, big or small. He started to warm up to a neighbor's monster size pit, but will still show his teeth for no reason.
Stocks back up!
Yea I've said IRL there is no party that I fit in with, BUT there is a party that is much closer to what I fit in with. I want fiscal conservatism. I want people to not worry about who they love. I want people to not get thrown in jail because their back hurts. I don't want people to fight at Thanksgiving dinner. On and on. There are things I agree with this administration about, but mostly disagree. So Democrat it is.
Republicans are. 100%.
I'm all in on Pete. Prefer unity than division.
Pete is the best. He has more to lose than anyone else in the race this year. He can't afford to make mistakes. Nobody else has skin in the game.
&gt;Some people think it’s called ‘The Loop’ because of the shape the Red, Brown, Orange, Purple, Pink, and Green lines make around five downtown CTA stations. That’s obviously wrong—even a cursory glance at a map shows that it’s a circle, not a loop Some people might say that's pedantic, but you can't argue with geometry.
But what if he isn't traded? Will the Cubs have to pay him $18.6 million for the 2020 season?
They also hate black women who support Pete. BLM in South Bend stormed a community event organized by the black community in South Bend to admonish their clothes and support of their Mayor. Nobody cares what South Bend BLM cares about, but apparently this blog spam does.
The black community in South bend has a lot of support for him. BLM is not representative of that community.
https://www.washingtonpost.com/nation/2019/12/05/protester-steals-microphone-pete-buttigieg-black-voters-event-south-bend/
That same BLM dismisses black voices based on their clothes so it's fair.
&gt;how about we stop the bleeding and eliminate new pensioners, set some ceilings for current ones, and increase the requirements and rules for collecting them. New pensioners fund the current ones, and the state constitution forbids altering current ones. Baby boomers did everything they could, both in Illinois and almost nationwide, to legislate their kids and grandkids funding their lifestyles.
I can only count to like 3 though so I guess that's actually fake news.
How about the 600,000 votes he got in 2010? Versus Bernie's 180,000 in 2018?
&gt;The Navy was lucky to have such an obviously qualified candidate. Mayor Pete is multilingual in eight languages, including ~~Arabic~~ aerobics.
What is it with the Bernie campaign accusing everyone of being Russians? Such an odd take.
Welcome! We have cookies, but not chocolate because we take the safety of Pete's dogs Buddy and Truman seriously.
Seriously. It's insane to me (well, not really) that Republicans are demanding that states and municipalities do the work of the federal government for them. If the feds want this work done then they need to fund it themselves. Just mismanagement all around from DC.
Gotcha, wouldn't be the first time I saw something like that said earnestly. Says a lot about Bernie's supporters when a post like that can't be identified as sarcasm right away.
With a 5% margin of error it's not possible to be 100% confident, so they wouldn't be wrong.
And also, go anyone from Blue!
I've seen this mentioned a few times. What did Joe do or say to elevate himself after this?
Imagine some Fox News bimbo calling a Rhodes Scholar "lazy".
Let em fight is what I say.
Not a good look for the campaign if this is what its supporters strive for.
Yikes, I mean it's good to be self aware but to celebrate militancy is pretty frightening. This kind of division and behavior only benefits the GOP.
No wonder Liz is dropping in the polls.
Well they both fell victim to Russian propaganda in 2016, so they are more similar than they are different.
Tulsi was trying to back Pete into a corner and he got in front of it. Everyone could see she was attempting to paint him as a war mongerer. He accurately saw where she was going to stopped it right in her tracks. He'll do the same to Trump, and better than anyone else on stage.
Shocking that Reddit's favorite Bernie rag doesn't have something nice to say about literally anyone else.
Bernie's supporters tell me that Pete should drop out because of his issues with black support, so I guess everyone except Biden should drop out at this point. Looking forward to their total consistency!
A difference between 48% and 20%. I'll let y'all do that math.
It is, so go Joe!
So Pete is bad because of his lack of black support which is suddenly not everything. So I guess Pete is good now, right? Joe's crushing over here!
And caused larger deficits because of it. Nice!
Absolutely insane. Blowing holes in budgets all for modest YoY increases in numbers for other benchmarks.
Right? I mean why is it so hard for other candidates to have the bare minimum level-headedness that Pete exemplifies?
Yup nothing like joining a war zone to fill some white space on a resume! Especially when that resume has every day things like Harvard, Oxford and mayor on it. What a simpleton!
&gt;centrist Appreciate the compliment.
Nah, kids suck. Feel free to have enough to make up for us though.
They seem to be stuck at 0 for some reason. Can't imagine why! Bernie supporters would *never* try to bury news they don't like.
I love how defensive team Bernie gets when their ugliness gets exposed.
The Root hated Bernie back in 2016. They hate everyone who does not say exactly what they want said exactly how they want it said and when. It's a joke of a publication.
Many jobs with the state or feds include this as a task. Feds are required to respond to every single comment during public comment periods. When letter upon letter says the the exact same thing, then only one response is needed. The comments need to be substantive if they want a unique response from the feds.
As a propaganda outlet for lord Sanders?
The Sanders campaign doesn't like it when the African American community doesn't toe the line that was set for them. It's pretty gross.
Never change, Sanders campaign.
Read the polls.
No I'm claiming the Bernie campaign gets upset when the African American community doesn't do what they are expected to do. They are a very paternalistic bunch.
Feels great to be a corporation! Me, a Hobbit.
When Pete talks, people listen.
Exactly zero Sanders supporters have read anything about this person that doesn't come from Jacobin.
They know their audience (this sub) will rally around the headline than the content.
It's important to remember that Trump squeaked by with 70,000 votes across three states. All he had to do was hang onto that. He has not, and instead rallied his opponents to show up and vote. We saw it in 2018, and all are need is for people to do it again in November.
Yea he fought in a war grandpa Bernie voted for.
What a Trumpian comment.
I hope he forms a cover band and goes on tour.
Actually, making things up about other people is Trumpian. No wonder so many Sanders supporters voted for Don in 2016.
There's a really strong argument thanks to this administration to redirect DoD money for healthcare and the environment. Hopefully the Democrats consider it, and I've even written to my senators and rep about it. The DoD has said over and over that climate change is a threat to national security, and further adding to the issue is that 70% of eligible aged-Americans are not qualified for military service for reasons many reasons such as asthma.
Change the headline from Pete to Bernie and this would make the front page. Instead it'll hover around in controversial while the Sanders campaign workers push conspiracy theories.
The army actually does have an environmental command (USAEC).
More evidence that campaign is more interested in personality cults and recognizable faces than policy.
I agree that most things about Bernie aren't worth mentioning.
&gt;The Onion, mindful of Mayor Pete’s low level of support among blacks, ran a headline reading: “Buttigieg Campaign Appeals to Moderate Republicans by Touting Low Approval Among Black Voters.” I died.
Just remember that Rudy and Trump and working with Ukraine and Russia to dig up dirt on Biden and will use the same tactics they did in 2016 against Clinton. We know that it was all a willful lie by the GOP now that the investigation ended with nothing, but it was a successful smear campaign they will try again. This time with the publicized help of a US enemy.
So they haven't been in power for decades, thanks.
Jesus Christ the goal post shifting. Just say you're going to vote for Trump if Bernie isn't nominated. We all know his supporters couldn't care less about progress anyway.
Progressive doesn't mean dig your heels in and kick and scream when you don't get what you want. Progressive means moving forward. A vote for Biden, if nominated, is progressive. It isn't Progressive^^^^TM , but it will get you infinitely closer to the goals of the progressive movement than not ensuring Trump does not get a second term. Hinting at a throwaway, write-in or third party vote is regressive, because that person will ***never*** win. True progressive know the difference.
You and I get this. The Reddit Sandroids do not.
&gt;I hope you have a good support system when Trump loses the next election. The deficit is over $1 trillion, farmers are declaring bankruptcy left and right, every nation is mocking him, he's brought us closer to legitimate war than we've been since Bush bombed Afghanistan, and the middle class continues to be squeezed despite working more and harder. Look at the history of Presidential elections and I think you'll find that no incumbent has ever had to deal with being an impeached president running for reelection.
Remember that Trump and co. concluded, without evidence, that millions of people voted illegally for Clinton which is why she crushed him in the popular vote. After concluding this he then organized a task force to prove himself right. Kobach was put in charge of it, and after months and months of investigation the task force found maybe 2 possible examples that could not actually be proven, and the investigation was quietly ended without a mention. Illegal voting is a non-issue, and Trump and co. proved it.
&gt;How about no. Maybe you can explain why Bernie supporters should even consider trusting the Trump in 2020.
Biden is leading the polls nationally, lol. This sub hides from the truth.
&gt;Hanson says he only spent about $2,700 on his 2018 campaign - or about four cents per vote. He appeared in 12 YouTube videos, making his campaign pitch from such places as Splash Country Water Park in Pigeon Forge, Tennessee. Lmao.
The candidates seem to be, but the supporters of a certain candidate from Vermont are absolutely *not* on that same wavelength.
Important reminder to people that a lot of Trump supporters are posing as supporters of democratic candidates to make them look bad.
Pete is doing perfectly!
It's not a myth. It happened. You just said it.
Shocking, a Bernie rag can't say something nice about anyone not named Bernie.
If Bernie can't take tough questions as a front runner then maybe he shouldn't be a front runner.
Then I guess this article is stupid.
Lol, Pete is so much better than the rest and it's not even close. When he talks, people listen. When Bernie talks, people roll their eyes.
And? He's a front runner. Bias means nothing if he's a qualified front runner. Complaints about bias is very Trumpian. Besides, this sub is biased toward him anyway so it's hilarious watching everyone suddenly complain getting a taste of their own medicine.
Reddit on Warren and Bernie drama: &gt;Warren is so disingenuous about Bernie I don't trust her Reddit on Warren and Pete drama &gt;God she's so right thank goodness she hit him hard here, totally not disingenuous
I think I read "you must support Bernie or risk a ban" in the sidebar somewhere.
He's the poorest person on stage.
lmao haha omg rofl
He's the only one with skin in the game. Nobody else will be around in 20 years. He'll be 58, and will still be dealing with the results of his time in office. Nobody else has everything to lose like he does.
So because he has everything down pat and is prepared that makes him bad. But...I thought Biden stumbling also made him bad? Help me Reddit, please!
For me it's Pete &gt; &gt; &gt; &gt; &gt; &gt; &gt; &gt; whoever wins the nomination. Bernie is definitely near the bottom though!
Boy how civil of the Bernie campaign. It's too bad only one campaign has Rules of the Road. Bernie's could definitely use it.
I definitely remember that question that totally actually happened.
I'll happily cast my ballot for him if he needs it. Unlike the Reddit Sandroids, I don't have to drag other candidates through the mud to make my preference look better. He looks the best all on his own.
Because he was the best person on stage. Not that hard. He did horrible last debate, but he more than made up for it this time. Still, his horrible was about as good as everyone else's best. Edit: This sub wants to convince everyone it's not biased and yet this is how supporters of other candidates are treated. Insane. It's TD of the left.
&gt;I think Pete’s biggest issue is that he doesn’t understand the weight of importance the Hispanic and AA voter blocks. He understands it. He talks about it constantly. The only people who think that are people who don't actually follow the campaign.
Woah woah woah...not saying anything negative about everyone not named Bernie? Mods! Ban him or something!
God I can't wait to cast my primary ballot for Pete!
Two for two, keep em coming!
The sub is biased.
&gt;His policies are...amaizing Ftfy!
Actually more people like Biden. He's leading nationally. This sub downvotes everything Biden though. But sure! Totally not biased!
They painted Biden as though he's a bumbling old man with dementia too, in the beginning. This sub are it all up, and Biden swatted it all away. If Bernie wants to win, he needs to do the same.
The Obamas have been working behind the scenes on fixing gerrymandering, for obvious reasons. Pete will have to deal with climate change impacts. Pete will have to deal with fiscal time bombs from exploding deficits. Pete will have to deal with the fallout of military conflicts. Pete will have to deal with education issues, social issues, economic fallout, geopolitical issues, etc. All of these can take place with a simple mistake on his last day in office, god forbid, and he'll be stuck with the results for decades. Nobody else will have to deal with those problems for long.
I said nationally. Maybe you should cool off if you aren't going to read the comments.
Public opinion does not support that notion.
Yea his Reddit supporters or verbosely violent and rude. Bernie as a person is a great individual. People just don't want what he's selling.
Right...so the sub is biased. Not hard.
Might wanna cool off if you're going off like this. Putting words in people's mouths is something CNN would do.
I don't think the struggles of the poor, middle class and minority groups are "nothing", but if that's what the Reddit progressives believe then by all means, continue.
We're familiar with the concept of unity. Unlike the supporters of a particular senator from Vermont. Even he wants unity among the electorate, I just wish his supporters cared about what he says.
No. We'd argue in favor of our candidate. Period. We would not argue against the others because we are confident enough in ours to not have to do that. In Pete's sub you aren't allowed to post strictly negative articles about other candidates. Bernie subs seem to allow that all the time!
https://www.nbcnews.com/feature/nbc-out/nearly-70-percent-americans-ok-gay-presidential-candidate-poll-finds-n990211 But by your logic, Bernie's alleged "socialism" would be a deal breaker so he's also disqualified I guess.
Who said anything about locking kids in cages?
I just posted a poll showing its not as big an issue as you think and you keep saying it. People also like his youth, especially older people. Bernie even said his VP pick will be young. Go Pete!
Actually he did! Perfectly!
Uh, no.
Not Bernie, just his online supporters. Bernie is a good person. Besides, I'm just following your lead - didn't you just say it's a primary? Help me Reddit!
He and Booker do the same thing. They have both talked about their experience at Oxford, which corrects every bad habit people have in conversation and makes them focused on the topic at hand. Pete has said it completely changed how he behaves in these kinds of environments, and made him speak very precisely. Booker is definitely more relaxed though.
And Pete will do all of these things, and put together plans that will make it out of congress quickly. We don't have time to wait for climate change, but apparently getting something done now means nothing if it's not bold and big enough to get done 10 years from now after starting the "revolution".
How open minded!
That dramatization is what adults do?
Significantly, actually.
You can, Pete!
&gt;they were doing the *literal* same thing that CNN did with this question. Uh no. Figurative, not literal.
&gt;No u
Nope, and while you aren't a good faith participant, I'll elevate the dialogue because that's what this country deserves. At a 30,000 foot level, reforming and restoring our democracy to something that works for everyone rather than a select few is the driving value behind his campaign. His M4A plan branches off from that notion, in that if a healthcare plan doesn't work for someone they should not be stuck with only a another private plan or be stuck with a government run system. Beyond healthcare, rural areas and minority communities have been left behind because nobody has bothered to understand their needs and issues beyond what's required to make a sound bite. He is against the technology behemoths that are controlling the narratives and manipulating our privacy without our ability to say "no". He is for bolstering our relationships with every ally that aligns with our democratic values. He wants to get our spending under control without going after programs that benefit everyday Americans. He isn't afraid to admit when he is wrong, messed up, or failed a task, and uses those events to communicate how he can and will try to do better. He owns up to everything, and makes excuses for nothing. Quite frankly, he checks almost every box for me. [www.peteforamerica.com](http://www.peteforamerica.com)
Literally not everyone or really anyone at all: We want war and want corporations to keep their stranglehold over our citizens. When you have to lie, it's not a good look.
That's also debateable and based on opinion, but the important thing is *everyone* supports the Democratic nominee unwaveringly.
Its straight from my history, actually. Feel free to keep the conversation low quality however. Pete and his Buttibros go high. Always.
Appreciate the compliment! If I can write to the high standards of a Rhodes Scholar then I'm in good shape!
Maybe it means something when policy wonks recognize that M4A is a pipe dream and changes their tune. She learns and grows.
So politics over people? That is the kind of thing Fox News loves to share with it's minions.
I see Krystal Ball, I downvote.
I see someone call me centrist, I say thanks for the compliment.
That's creepy how accurate this is. When I see something not quite right on a shelf in the grocery store I'll fix it if it's within reach too.
The ultra progressive campaigns need to do something about the incivility of its online representatives.
Her zing about all the men losing elections and her and Amy not losing any was great.
Have you watched anything or read anything during the campaign season? He is the only one on stage who served, and complains over and over on how ridiculous it is people are still in Iraq and Afghanistan in such large numbers. He hates what he saw and continues to read, especially bthe Afghanistan papers, where he was deployed to. His healthcare plan does what ever plan does - allow Medicare to negotiate drug prices and puts caps on prices. That is anti-big pharma.
Only people who buy into Russian propaganda would say that.
Well so is Trump's, but here we are.
Nah, I'll vote my conscience in the primary instead. Vote blue no matter who in the general though, right?
Yikes.
Actually I think it's really gross that the Sanders campaign isn't rallying around Pete/Biden/Amy/Yang/Steyer/Warren because we have to win ya know. They are really selfish and hate the poor and minority groups. But hey, if Sandroids prefer Nazis then that's a group I want nothing to do with.
Most people completely understand that Sanders supporters are fake progressives, don't worry.
Terrible how fake progressives are in Sanders' camp. Why do you absolutely hate and despise minority groups and the poor and middle class?
Don't worry, polls show they are winning with their efficient fundraising!
Then why betray them and vote Trump? Awful.
Confused you with the other fake user, who said they are voting for Trump if Sanders doesn't make it.
Only their propaganda and people not capable of seeing it, don't worry!
Why aren't you supporting Biden? He's clearly leading nationwide, to vote anything else is pure purity tests. Come on, be pragmatic here.
You seem to have a lot of purity tests here. Come on, be pragmatic. Vote for the front runner and get Trump out.
Why do you want Trump to win? I think you might need to cool off for a second. Maybe take a walk?
Definitely possible. Vote blue no matter who, people!
Chapo user, yikes.
Theoretically, you can touch it as long as you aren't touching anything else at all that's more conductive than you are. Electricity wants to pass through a less conductive path if there is something more conductive on the other side. Humans aren't all that conductive, so the current won't travel through you (but you would probably feel it) unless there is somewhere else to go. In practice, you will have moisture, dust and other things on your person that will royally mess you up if you come into contact with the rail, so it's best just to avoid it altogether.
Let's be honest, we all know Trump won't be brave enough to try to debate Pete.
https://apnews.com/2acf65b0b1b948d68de10607f170a1b3 Pete's CO even calls him a combat vet. Try reaching farther.
You clearly haven't heard his insults of Trump. Back handed, out of nowhere and unexpectedly witty. He's 10 times the debater of everyone else on stage.
Bernie voted for the Afghanistan war.
Impossible, this sub is totally not biased. Bernie's supporters told me so!
And I would be perfectly fine with that.
We have the smartest government in the world, I guess. Look how they strategize!
You're right. Let's also focus on Lev Parnas, shall we?
Right, Trump and McConnell.
We do need unity, however. Not me, us. Isn't that right?
Hear hear!
By that logic Trump unifies too since he also brings in independents. We all know he doesn't actually unify.
Biden would be great! Not my number one but I'd happily rally around him.
Amen!
Because people, especially Sanders supporters, don't encourage unity in the Democratic party. Weird, right?
Exactly! He lost in the primary!
And so did Biden, so I guess he's in the clear, right? Horray for consistency!
You realize that was a dig at the GOP right? Oh who am I kidding, of course not.
That's all these accounts want to do. Stay vigilant!
Wow he's such an amazing strategist!
Probably not, because Pete was spending that time marketing South Bend to people as a great place that he believes in.
Zuck referred some CS or IT folks to Pete's campaign because they met once through their alumni connections. That's it.
I think it was the day he decided to not be born as Bernie Sanders. Shame on him.
They were a big manufacturing city that lost most things during the recession. Of course it's going to lag. It sounds nuts, but he's toppled Senators, Reps and governors in this race, so clearly he's not that nuts.
So he is more organized and has higher polls than senators, reps and governors. Yikes, revisionist history.
So Bernie is actually losing he should drop out. Polling ain't votes after all!
Boy I feel awful for all the smart Google people who can never ever do anything ever because they worked for a company in their twenties that spies on you.
These goalposts must be attach to springs because I can't keep track of where they are headed.
He tracked the movement of money across terrorist cells. Jesus the Bernie campaign just can't stop making things up.
Nah, seems fantastic!
But you'll happily support him in the general election if it came down to it right?
True, nobody seems to be able to beat Biden. Guess you're all in on Biden, right?
Boy, sure love that enthusiasm to bring out the vote and get rid of trump! Really odd how only the progressive movement is so negative about getting Trump out.
Pete's perfect for president. Can't wait to cast my primary ballot for him! We could the positivity and civility his campaign brings.
Looks like your comment was removed. Probably because of how uncivil it was. Looking at it, those are some jokes of opinion pieces, especially the one by anInfoWars level source.
You could have responded to say "I am excited to get Trump out" or something along those lines, however elected not to. Very, very odd.
TPP was a good bill, but hey I guess trade wars that the poor and middle class are paying for are the way to go, eh?
Clinton lost by 70,000 votes across three states so no, that's not why Clinton lost. Bad take. Automation is also what has been fucking over the rust belt. The US is still a top global manufacturer. The TPP would have isolated China and made them irrelevant. Vietnam and other nations friendly to the US would have taken over China's loss of production, and more honest governments would mean US gets a chance to reclaim the number 1 manufacturer spot. Instead China gets to hold on to their sector without interference AND gets a weak sweetheart deal that favors them from a desperate government.
People aren't "neversanders". People are sick of the supporters' toxic rhetoric. Bernie deserves better supporters, to be honest.
People are attacking the conspiracy theory. People aren't making up conspiracy theories to attack the conspiracy. Enormous difference.
Ok, everyone is not out to get Bernie Sanders and thinking everyone is out to get him is a massive conspiracy theory. Btw, downvoting everyone you disagree with while calling for truce doesn't do much to help.
Guess not since one of the "corporate Dems" is slaying the polls.
Fear mongering is rather Trumpian.
That's the center square.
The moderates aren't the ones pushing for a Bernie or Bust kind of phenomenon.
Tangentially related but ok.
This is a debunked talking point. He's always supported M4A. He sees it as a goal. He's never switch even once.
Homie your own article said he never changed his position. Turn down the bias, yikes.
We have ROTR. When we see someone acting out, which is extremely rare to see, we remind them of the ROTR. The Bernie campaign could use something like that.
Rules of the Road. It's been talked about a lot here, except it's often downvoted. You would think civility is a virtue, but I guess only among one campaign.
Last two paragraphs of the first link dawg.
I was told civility is dead and I'm a fool for believing in it. Oh well.
I can't wait to vote for him in the primary! Good luck getting M4A through Congress when most democrats don't event support it!
Friendly reminder that your public persona blasted all over Facebook is free for anyone to see - including your employer. Delete Facebook.
Or a second degree, or former military (in the US, anyway). My engineering program had a lot of non-traditional students in it.
Flush the toilet once a week, get on my level.
Elvis produced it!
&gt;Okayfail.com What a source.
There's also the nonstop subleasing where the primary tenants basically become quasi-landords because the actual landlord can't raise the rent on their actual tenants. So a different way there is no turnover, and the building/units fall into disrepair. I know someone who lives in one of those in SF. Big 3 BR apt for 2,500/mo in the city proper because he's been subleasing from an older lady.
Thanks, that was a good write-up. Reads to me that they recognized they can't have both rent controlled units and construction restrictions, which is usually the case in the US. The same communities who advocate for one also advocate for the other.
Redditor for six years, 11 karma and four posts and this brought you out of the woods? Nice!
At least you actually read the article. Online platforms like Disqus, FB, Twitter and others are big enough and influential enough to justify holding them accountable for the horseshit that goes on in there and comes out of there.
It's Pete's fault for not excusing shitty behavior from city leaders because of the color of their skin, at least that's what the paternalistic Sanders campaign told me.
Yea average donation of $40, how corrupt.
I was quoting the findings of facts specifically to highlight their intent of the section. But yes I'm usually in the CFR instead.
This author must not think so.
I love snowy Chicago. Name a more iconic duo.
Yup, looks a bit heavier than our lab/border collie mix but same features and equally as lovable.
People in this sub are echoing the same thing. Why are so many supporters of these two people so susceptible to conspiracy theories?
TSA is garbage, but this author does nothing but make racist generalizations and openly talks about his disdain for white people.
Ryan Grimm is the Tucker Carlson of the far left. Such a shame that Bernie representatives encourage the same behavior the far right exemplifies.
Ryan Grimm is the Tucker Carlson of the left.
Your clip says nothing about cutting social security? And no Grimm just repeats himself over and over. He's a joke.
&gt;He hacked the DNC to damage Hillary and yet still he say's he an honest guy. Uh...what. Don't confuse Bernie for his online representatives. I believe he's a good person, just like every other democratic candidate. His representatives are horrific however.
Yea what are you talking about "hacking the DNC".
Ryan Grimm is a joke.
Me, I own them and direct their fact checking.
Pete always handles protesters better than anyone. Bernie's and Warren's campaigns funds these people and their efforts to disrupt campaign events, and Pete shuts them down with politeness and truth. Even when Bernie's supporters in BLM interrupted an event held by the African American community in South Bend, Pete's supporters themselves handled it with dignity and respect.
The worst climate policy goes to the campaign that wants to ban nuclear energy - Bernie Sanders.
Guess that settles it! Nobody ever lies ever!
https://www.mediaite.com/news/watch-mayor-pete-disrupted-by-singing-climate-protesters-in-new-hampshire-i-cant-make-out-your-song/ Active members of a college group that's pro-Liz and her campaign tweeted it while it happened. Coordinated effort, really gross.
Thanks to other campaigns lying about everyone else. The progressive movement is filled with liars.
Dawg we're building newer plants *right now* in the south. Bernie said he would *stop it*. He's bad for climate change. Period.
Nope, not even remotely close. Sorry to break it.
It will only get worse if we don't combat lies and falsehoods with truth in a way that exemplifies ROTR. Keep it up the best you can.
It's a pretty weak argument considering nobody can contribute more than $2800.
Nah, we're with you (at least those of us on Pete's side of things). The issue isn't commenters slinging shit at one another, but lurkers and readers being influenced by uncontested shit being thrown. Trump's campaign and his consultants recognized the power of exponential growth in shaping public opinion. It isn't a waste of time when you're playing with margins of error. People are going to have to rally around a democratic candidate, and they need to be sure the mudslinging is nothing more than competitive people being competitive. They need to feel comfortable that the Democrats agree on 90% of things, and that's what we are trying to paint. It's stupid to bicker over the 10%.
&gt;Pro-Warren Protesters Paid to Protest Pete Protests Pete. The actual headline.
The Sanders campaign really needs to work on the incivility of its online representatives.
Exactly, which is why the fact that rich people make up less than a fraction of a percent of his total donations is a pathetic attack and intellectually weak attack point.
Back at ya!
Hi Trump!
&gt; The editorial board found fault with both men. Mr. Sanders’s policy prescriptions are described as “overly rigid, untested and divisive.” In an observation likely to anger his supporters, the board compared the Vermont senator to Mr. Trump at one point. &gt; &gt; “Three years into the Trump administration, we see little advantage to exchanging one over-promising, divisive figure in Washington for another,” it writes. Hallelujah!
Yea that made no sense. They are exactly where they need to be to get independents and nevertrump Republicans to vote D.
I'm not on the Bernie train but I don't understand how that could have hurt your view on him. I understand the above as his him finding a moral common ground on broad issues rather than hammering how they are wrong and he is right. "Let's just agree to disagree, but not fight over those disagreements because we have bigger fish to fry." He doesn't market that position anywhere near as good as Pete, but when candidates are trying to get independents over you've gotta find common goals.
Imagine thinking corrupt politicians don't do that.
He's hashing out trade deals *with his name on it* and cancelling and pulling out of others *without his name on it*. The TPP was good policy, while imperfect, [and countries kept it alive but without the US as a player.](https://www.scmp.com/week-asia/explained/article/2186475/explained-cptpp-trade-deal)
She and others are worried about ISDS despite it being common in trade agreements and is limited to instances when local laws violate said trade agreement. https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Investor-state_dispute_settlement
Leveraging tariffs is not good economic strategy. Tariffs are a deadweight loss on a macro scale, and restrictions on their use is a good thing.
It's not debatable. It's even a provision in the USMCA. https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/monkey-cage/wp/2019/01/02/theres-a-hidden-cost-in-trumps-new-trade-agreement-with-canada-and-mexico/
&gt;*I heard there were donuts.*
Unpopular opinion, but I really wish he gave *some* details on the hypothetical attack that killed 10 Americans. They *really* seemed to want an example. &gt;First thing I would do is honor the fallen by contacting their families first and thanking them for their service and sacrifice. Presidents in the past, even during war time, found time to contact the thousands of parents and spouses of soldiers whose lives were lost in the battlefield to provide protect America's future. I would then convene the JCOS to see what intelligence is available that may give us a clue as to what is at play here. Options will be laid out and debated on, and the best of those will be shared with the Gang of Eight to reach support on a response. Allies will be kept informed in tandem as their expertise is valued and utilized because we recognize their partnership is paramount to success in the region. Finally, and most importantly, the American people will hear from us as soon as possible, because they demand certainty and security and that is the foundation of my administration.
It's not that he doesn't fight back, he just recognizes that these questions risk shifting the power between the interviewer and the interviewee. These kinds of things are dances where both parties are trying to take the lead and control the conversation, and Pete is constantly shifting the content back to where he wants it to be. It's always been his strategy.
The way they circled back tells me they wanted a better look into his approach, rather than how his values might shape an approach.
Innovation requires time, risk and resources and happens on the ground level with middle class folks, not in the offices of executives. When working class and middle class people can barely stay above water while toeing the line, it's not surprising that innovation starts taking a hit.
This stuff is in all of us, even rain water. If you've ever used non-stick cookware, you've probably consumed it too. There's only one known sure-fire way to treat it, and even then you aren't treating it - just removing it from one system and putting it in another. You can try to burn it underground, but you need the same amount of energy that a plasma welder puts out. Much like PCBs and asbestos, they are excellent for their intended use, but much like PCBs and asbestos, those unique and beneficial properties are what makes them so environmentally harmful.
Good. We want everyone to vote and participate in democracy. Nobody should smoke cigarettes.
It's embarrassing to be an American, quite frankly. But as long as we unite for the Democratic nominee, we can feel proud again. Edit: it's insane how bent out of shape people get at the mere suggestion of unity. Vote and celebrate blue no matter who!
You'd have to be next level stupid to not see that Joe was calling out the GOP as idiots when he made the VP remark. But then again, this is AOC.
Twitter is fucking garbage.
So you're advocating for living in a bubble in order for Twitter to not be garbage. So you're perfectly fine with people only following Sean Hannity or Shapiro or Ingraham? Twitter is fucking garbage.
That's the wrong attitude chief.
Ok, but you'll happily celebrate the opportunity to remove Trump from office, right? Be positive, Jesus Christ.
I'm perfectly happy with a Biden presidency. I have my preference, but I'm not so weak willed that I can't celebrate a different outcome that's still monumentally better than what we have now.
&gt;Only out of touch Americans Yea that will get people to listen to you. Le very smart. This sub is a fucking joke.
Or...you can make a personal choice and just be enthusiastic all by yourself.
Jesus Bernie's people are basically writing for the GOP at this point.
Well the message of the youngest candidate isn't sexy. It's foundational, addressing the fact that our democracy is fragile and needs a shot in the arm of we want these massive reforms other candidates are proposing to survive.
Personal attacks are beneath the democratic party. Be better.
I'm so glad I'm above this rhetoric.
It was a dig at the GOP for being a party of shitheads. How anyone could hear the exchange and think otherwise tells me they are just blindly repeating Reddit and Twitter.
Solid contribution. Only the best from Trump supporters.
If that's what Russia-Twitter told you then lol.
No y'all aren't listening. Bernie and Biden are very different and yet have nearly equal polling. This means the landscape for the general could be very different from what your preference is, and y'all have to be prepared for that. Y'all are *not* preparing yourselves for life after the primary. At all. All of your eggs are in one basket. It is short sighted. It is ludicrous. Nobody else is responsible for your enthusiasm for getting Trump out. You are. So be enthusiastic, ***even if you preference doesn't make the cut.***
Or perhaps reflect for while on why Biden is also popular? Jesus get outside of your Reddit/Twitter bubble.
Lol, no.
Hopefully the same way.
What about the goalposts? Bernie didn't even make it out of the primary, lmfao. Insert "tHe DnC rIgGEd eVeRyThInG" here.
Thanks for repeating what I said! Case closed.
I said centrists mopped up in 2018, where Joe Manchin even crushed in WV and you shifted to 2016. Yes, you attempted to move the goalposts, like all "progressives" on this sub do and utterly failed, like all "progressives" in this sub do. And you'll fail in 2020 just like you did in 2016.
It's more expensive than it should be. I'll take a Popeyes chicken sandwich any day.
Give it a rest, you lost.
Vote for Biden or you get four more years of Trump.
And the complaint is ludicrous, quite frankly, because a point source is a pipe or some other discrete discharge point. Runoff is a non-point source and not under the purview of the CWA.
The reason why I say they aren't required to is because the feds can implement their own permitting program for a state or municipality if the local government does not. I don't know of an example where they have though.
It is crazy how many undecideds are still up for grabs so close to the primaries.
And that's a completely different topic than people being OK with reactionary enforcement. The people doing the work aren't at the SES level or appointees. The fed who pushed *that* button in Flint did so because the authority to do so was there. It wasn't up to him how to address it.
Which is dumb, because Cook county park district courses are the furthest thing from aristocratic as you can get.
Chicago. Work in the environmental field too, and my whole circle is in their late twenties and late thirties. People *appreciate* Sanders, but he isn't their top pick.
Boy that sure makes me want to support Bernie.
They aren't sending their best.
Calm down, man.
I can tell, and they certainly haven't earned it thanks to his horrifically rude supporters.
The only one bringing up the past is you right now.
He definitely seems to like him. This was their second interview.
I really think the Bernie bros have it right when they talk about mobilization though. 2018 was won by youth turnout. We will absolutely have massive youth turnout again this year, so I'm not worried about that, but I am sympathetic to the fact that Bernie gets a disproportionate amount of youth enthusiasm. Trump must lose as a top priority, and young voters will ensure that happens.
Damn dude, that is not a good take. Trump is exponentially worse than what Bernie does in every way shape and form. Not voting for Bernie is a vote for Trump.
At least we don't have to worry about ads misrepresenting Biden and social security now that Trump just straight up said it in 2020.
Do you want Trump to win or lose? If you want him to lose, why not just check a box next to the nominee best positioned to beat him?
Just want you to know that if Bernie gets the nom and you go to the polls and leave that blank just to protest, you are no better than the very people you detest. Hopefully you change your tune. This exchange took more effort for you than just checking a damn box.
Unbelievably disappointing.
Pete also didn't pivot like you two are saying. He's been saying the same thing since day 1. He's just saying it in a way that aligns with future former Republicans so they can feel good about voting for a democrat like Pete.
Who's getting dim sum with me? Let's do it it!
We importing everything.
Just want to take this opportunity to let people know Pringles have a dill pickle flavor now. The end is near, after all.
Redditing on a work computer is an indication of balls of steel.
Should we start throwing temper tantrums about the MSM like the Bernie campaign does?
Makes sense, Joe acknowledges he has no idea what he's talking about yet spends an entire episode talking about it. Reminds me of just about everybody.
Pete's wonderful. The fact that people aren't looking too hard at someone who came from little name recognition a year ago to 4th place above Senators, Governors and Reps doesn't say much about him when it's common knowledge that name recognition and familiarity carries an absurd amount of weight. Yang article make it to the from page because people literally think he favors M4A. He doesn't, people just don't bother looking into candidates all that much. I've seen Bernie supporters who think he supports nuclear energy, as another example.
&gt;What makes Pete wonderful? *Copied and pasted from one of my more recent comments* At a 30,000 foot level, He's a values-based candidate, as shown by his push for reforming and restoring our democracy to something that works for everyone rather than a select few is the being the driving value behind his campaign. His M4A plan branches off from that notion, in that if a healthcare plan doesn't work for someone they should not be stuck with only a another private plan or be stuck with a government run system. Beyond healthcare, rural areas and minority communities have been left behind because nobody has bothered to understand their needs and issues beyond what's required to make a sound bite. He is against the technology behemoths that are controlling the narratives and manipulating our privacy without our ability to say "no". He is for bolstering our relationships with every ally that aligns with our democratic values. He wants to get our spending under control without going after programs that benefit everyday Americans. He isn't afraid to admit when he is wrong, messed up, or failed a task, and uses those events to communicate how he can and will try to do better. He owns up to everything, and makes excuses for nothing. Quite frankly, he checks almost every box for me. &gt;Source? Look up every Yang article - it's filled with people saying Yang is their second choice and being informed he is against M4A.
Sounds like no matter what I do or say, you won't actually care and will still not support him in the primary if it came down to it, right? Yes or no question.
Your other comment was removed (probably incivility or something). Seems only Pete and Warren encourage their supporters to be polite and courteous. I have interviews with the breakfast club and others that do a great job of showing who he is and what he has done. Here's an example: https://youtu.be/zunsfxjyOAE I won't post more without a good faith assurance since it's so hard to get from anti-Pete people.
Jesus Christ these are getting Trumpian.
This person is the creepiest fucker I've ever seen on the front cover of anything. If you took every single stereotype about a middle aged white suburban dude, this is fucking it.
Well the University of Chicago *is* one of the best schools on the planet and is Bernie's Alma Mater, so it's not like it isn't worth something.
The person falsely being accused of buying elections because of fundraising is being threatened by the person actually buying the election.
Politicians are scumbags anyway, so it's not really a dig.
These people get all of their info from Twitter feeds and literally nowhere else. Basically Trump supporters of the left.
*Geeze such a republican* -sanders campaign.
So we're several comments in and you still haven't a) read anything or b) watched anything or c) even said you're genuinely interested. Let's try this, since I'm chasing a moving target here. One topic to start with: https://www.nbcnews.com/politics/2020-election/buttigieg-s-big-accomplishment-he-never-mentions-campaign-trail-n1015251
If a few people from UofC are swayed for the primary, you think it means nothing? It literally is worth something. Literally. Maybe not earth shattering, but literally something.
Yikes, sounds like something a republican would say quite frankly.
Lol, yes, a republican would definitely do that. It's why they are fighting to keep felons who served their time from voting after release. They literally do not want people to vote.
Maybe allow city hall to veto efforts by aldercreatures to stop development? I'm just brainstorming.
Bernie supporters crying victim when they are the most vitriolic people anywhere is hilarious to me
Back at ya!
Good. Unions are a net good for the working and middle class. https://www.epi.org/publication/how-todays-unions-help-working-people-giving-workers-the-power-to-improve-their-jobs-and-unrig-the-economy/
&gt;/r/Chapotraphouse Yikes.
Then maybe nonunion workers should be in unions.
That's a funny way of saying people in unions are better off than people not in unions.
How's the quarantine going, lol. T_D seems to be doing OK with theirs!
As should everyone!
&gt;I think he’s a disgusting man and a disgraceful president. And I believe that he and what he stands for poses an existential threat to American democracy. But other than that, I have no strong views. Sounds like some strong views to me.
I wish more Berne supporters on this sub were as polite as you. People need to realize it's ok to be enthusiastic about one candidate while still being respectful about others when they all agree on 90% of things.
Yup, and we should feel that way about all of the front runners! Edit: This sub would rather Trump win than get their heads out of their own asses.
Thanks is for the mindless regurgitation of Twitter and Reddit threads. Are you aware the all the candidates get donations from the same groups, such as Google, Amazon, Apple, banks, etc.? That's right, even Bernie Sanders. It's all available on FEC.gov. But again, thanks for copying pasting what everyone tells you.
High quality content from the Bernie campaign, lmao.
I don't think Bernie would encourage people to not vote. I really wish his supporters were more like him.
That's how he always is, no matter what the situation is. It's one of theany reasons why he's such a great candidate for President.
Yesterday: Poll shows Bernie leading in Iowa - 4000 votes! Today: Poll shows Biden leading in Iowa - temper tantrums.
I remember when the fake conservatives in the GOP complained about "investigating people, not crimes." What a pathetic group of people they are.
As long as everyone can recognize this is a biased platform and should treat the news here accordingly, exactly like Fox News, then I'm happy. Thanks for drawing the comparison between Fix News and Bernie Reddit!
He's definitely the most intelligent, pragmatic and respectful candidate on stage. This the kind of person we need in the white house.
I thought cities in Germany had a clever solution to this. There were no traffic signals across from the intersection. Like ever. If you encroached into an intersection and got stuck, there were no signals for you to look at because you passed them. You wouldn't know when the light turned green because it's out of your peripheral or behind you. The result was people rarely encroached into an intersection like people do here.
You're stuck in a suburban mindset. That mindset is straight up stupid in an urban environment. Yes, you wait until you can clear the box before you enter the intersection. Traffic signals are an example of queuing and is taken into account in urban planning.
Exactly why I disregard anything and everything from Jacobin, Commondreams, Intercept, etc. All biased and all irrelevant.
You didn't read the link. Read the link. Jesus Christ they talk about *everything*. But to your first point, yes, build more housing. And when you do that keep up with demand, rent control won't be necessary. Right now there are so many laws from zoning and NIMBY groups being able to influence local decision makers that we have a housing issue. ***That*** needs to be addressed first.
http://freakonomics.com/podcast/rent-control/
He's buying the election, and this sub and Rose Twitter has said nothing about him. Instead they are seething over Pete and fundraising while this guy just creeps into double digits. This sub and twitter are straight up fucking stupid.
I'm not even upset with them agreeing to it initially and legitimately believing the math checks out. They were sold a lie, shame on everyone, water under the bridge at this point. I'm upset they continue to fight against meaningful reform because they agreed to the lie and won't accept that they had a role in it.
That's an increase of less than inflation, which was just over 2% in 2017 and 2.4% in 2018.
That picture with a bunch of people riding rascals is everything I figured those "marches" would be.
This might answer your question,: https://www.reuters.com/article/us-column-miller-socialsecurity-idUSKCN1N64GR The CBO reports it as total spending because why wouldn't they, but saying SS is contributing to deficits today is false.
Obama administration saw bigger YoY revenue gains without tax cuts. You keep being wrong, and it's funny to me.
We have Kimbrel for that, dontcha worry.
Revenue is up but the "up" is less than inflation.
Amash is the kind of person you can respectfully disagree with, apparently. Don't agree with his politics, but can agree with him being principled.
Yea that was super unnecessary. The dude seemed shocked as all hell there.
That's all the Bernie campaign does on this sub. Nonstop lying and misrepresentation.
But he held a flag!
Better than a republican.
These people would rather Joe Manchin get replaced with a full fledged republican than someone who is at worst a reliable ally when needed.
People who would get through regardless of his vote. He also voted against that shitty healthcare bill, so he's a reliable ally in an otherwise red state. Thanks for proving my point though, that these people would prefer failed purity tests leading to a republican be in office than Joe Manchin.
Cool, so continue with voting in Dems in every general election regardless of how pure they are! Thanks for agreeing with me!
You have it 100% wrong. When his vote doesn't matter, like with Kav, sometimes he'll vote with the GOP because he's in WV. When his vote does matter, he'll vote with the Dems. He voted no on the 2017 healthcare bill. You'd seriously rather have a republican instead of him?
So you'd rather have someone always voting against your interests than sometimes? Does that make sense to you?
I ORDERED MOMS SPAGHETTI?
Look around Kilbourn Park, Kelvyn Park or Belmont Cragin. The first two aren't neighborhoods but there are parks around them and realtors just made up names for the area based on the park. The Grayland Metra stop is right there and plenty of apartments. Jewel is right there on Irving and Kilpatrick and a Tony's on Belmont. Super cheap, super safe, right by the highway, etc.
Well they also cheated against the Marlins, so no low is too low.
I totally forgot about this. Now I look at how *bad* online play is for Pokemon on Switch and realize just how unforgivably bad it is.
Omg that's so unfair how come you attack Bernie that's mean Pete's CIA and sells caves that look like wine cellars to people name Swarovski praise Bernie something something McKinsey and South Bend sucks because it's not a wealthy city. I think I hit it all, but please team Bernie help me if I missed anything else!
Bernie was a deadbeat dad and abandoned his first wife.
Yea, to the White House! His future home!
Biden is winning the PoC vote, so good thing you're supporting him!
Biden thanks you for your support!
I think it's pretty racist for the Sanders campaign to not support Biden since the PoC community prefers him.
Probably the nominee like every single person should do.
&gt;If he was elected and passed away Exactly the kind of thing that should be on our minds when voting for president!
&gt;The organization boasts 900,000 members, making it the country's second largest membership organization for LGBTQ individuals behind the Human Rights Campaign, which does not plan to endorse in the Democratic presidential primary. ... &gt;“When we had the combination of an LGBTQ candidate who had the most comprehensive and boldest policy agenda, and was also viable ... it was an easy decision,” said Rick Zbur, Equality California's executive director.
The paywall drops if you use Duck Duck Go instead of Google or something.
Yes, I too have seen this comment regurgitated on Reddit and Twitter comments.
&gt;executives Yup, those 1% LGBTQ advocacy groups keeping their members down, man! But no idea if there was a survey or not. Seems it was an interview with every candidate (minus Amy who didn't participate).
I think OPs 100% valid point is only endorsements for Sanders are seen as newsworthy. Others get downvoted.
I wish that was actually the headline so it could be shared in you-know-where.
&gt;I guess it's time to get behind the frontrunner Joe Biden and leave these weak candidates to their own self imposed failure.
Biased? Thanks for acknowledging that!
He's the only candidate that has all of his policies paid for. https://twitter.com/BrendanBMcD/status/1222923057196675075
So you acknowledge the bias here is equivalent to Fox News bias toward Republicans? Great!
If it's there why hasn't Bernie explained where it will come from?
It's up to the people to want to, but they can start by not downvoting everything posted in good faith they disagree with. They prefer to bury it, however, so it's a testament to bias.
I think you're confused. The only democrat mortgaging our future is Bernie. When you can't pay for what you want, you're mortgaging out future. Bernie doesn't know how to pay for what he wants. He's mortgaging our future. Pete's the most responsible candidate on stage. Bernie will accomplish effectively nothing. But if you want to vote for the person who won't change anything because nobody of relevant influence supports his ideas give it your best shot.
I understand that you don't believe the opinions of the second largest LGBTQ advocacy group is valid because they decided to not support Bernie Sanders. They do not believe Bernie is the most invested for LGBTQ. Their words. I understand that you believe, as a straight person, that you know more about LGBTQ issues than the second largest LGBTQ group in the country. You've made it very clear you don't value their opinions.
Yes, it's abundantly clear that people don't care policies will be paid for when one candidate has over $50 trillion in new spending proposed. It's like a high school class president election right now, lol.
Well again since it's so important to consider the voices of PoC then OP should be supporting Biden.
We're over in /new, being downvoted by sharing the recent news that Pete was endorsed over Bernie by the second largest LGBTQ advocacy group in the country. Apparently LGBTQ groups having opinions different than Bernie Reddit is controversial.
Well considering I'm in Illinois and we're late in the primary season my options in the primary will basically be decided for me. I'll happily cast my vote for Biden if that's how the chips fall!
Neither is yours!
I value the opinions of the community as a whole. Why do you reject older black folk who have experienced more discrimination than others? Terrible.
Why do you not care about older black folks? I think they are important too and right now they prefer Biden. That's pretty gross of the Bernie campaign.
I know you deleted your other comment after I gave an answer you weren't hoping for, but I appreciate you reminding me of yet *another* reason to support Joe over Bernard in the Illinois primary when it comes down to it. The voices of the African American community needs to be at the top, and right now it's Biden!
They aren't sending their best.
Better than Bernie at getting the biggest share of the AA vote!
Very paternalistic of the Bernie campaign to tell the AA community you know what's best for them better than they do. How racist of the Bernie campaign.
And this is why the AA community doesn't support Bernie right now. His campaign and representatives see the community as nothing more than pieces in a game. Disgusting.
I love watching the Sanders campaign act like Biden isn't crushing the rest of field with AA support.
Because the user all the way at the top brought up AA support. Try to stay on topic.
These are people who have only been Cubs fans since November of 2016. Baseball is fucking *hard* to be consistent in. Pedro did it, and did it quietly.
Well Clinton did win.
That definitely is a response relevant to the Fox News town hall. And no, people call him a shill only if they get all of their information from Reddit and Twitter. People IRL don't do that.
They can't figure out which theory to try out so they throw a bunch of letter magnets at the fridge to see if a new theory works itself out.
&gt;The queer community hates Pete. https://www.sfchronicle.com/news/article/Buttigieg-endorsed-by-major-California-Nevada-15015907.php
Unfortunately the Bernie campaign believes that the more people they push away who don't think exactly like them the better their ideas must be. It explains why they are rude to absolutely 100% of people who don't have Bernie as their number 1.
&gt;when Pete does it it's bad but when Bernie does it it's good!
He used to hate millionaires until he became one. He also supported the Afghanistan war. He changed his principles.
He's got a pretty big write up of how exactly these polls are weighted, if they are included at all. He tries to adjust for poor poll taking in his aggregates. I'm on mobile and it's not turning up for me right now for some reason.
Killer Mike said something to the effect of him not supporting red-flag laws for that reason. He wants the AA community to never be at risk of having their weapons taken away by the very people who shoot unarmed teens. I still support them, but now more cautiously than I did prior.
Pete's average contribution is like $40. Your copied and pasted Twitter and Reddit responses are weak. His campaign is paid for by average Americans. It's why the second largest LGBTQ organization endorsed him over anyone else. They were obviously excited about a gay presidential candidate, but they also believed he was the most invested in LGBTQ rights and causes, more so than Bernie or anyone else.
Comments like this is why Trump is in office. Why do you support Trump for 2020?
Bernie abandoned his first wife and kid so he could fail at running for public office a bunch of times. I can't wait to vote for such a talented and thoughtful individual like Pete in the primary. Beats supporting a deadbeat dad like Bernie, who also voted for the Afghanistan war while Pete protested it. In fact, I'll probably even support Biden instead of Bernie in the primary if Pete's not an option. You can only blame yourself for pushing yet another potential Sanders supporter away. Good job, Bernie campaign.
I'm in a big city with people who work for a living. Someone like that could *never* make it here so I'm not worried about driving next to them.
Trump supporters drive cars through crowds of people.
&gt;“You can’t fake a personality, and you can’t fake those kind of skills,” said Mark Buell, a major Democratic fund-raiser and Buttigieg supporter based in San Francisco. “I wouldn’t say that Pete is charismatic, though he is in a way: I’ve become so fond of him that I just kind of enjoy listening to him.” ... &gt;“Point by point, our values match,” said Betsy Jones, 67, after the event in Ottumwa. “You never hear Pete come down negatively on another candidate.” ... &gt;Ms. Downs, the party’s executive director in Polk County, Iowa, recalled a small reception before a candidate event last year, where Mr. Buttigieg’s absence of presence — clipped answers, keeping to himself — left an impression. “Cory Booker and Kamala Harris just lit up the room,” she said, naming two senators who have since left the race. “They were holding people’s hands and hugging them. And then Pete comes in and honestly I think it was kind of intimidating for him. Like, ‘This person is not very comfortable right now.’” ... &gt;David Axelrod, Mr. Obama’s former chief strategist, said that while Mr. Buttigieg had grown as a candidate, he still registered as “a little reserved,” which Mr. Axelrod called a liability. &gt;“That’s a big test for him,” said Mr. Axelrod, who is friendly with Mr. Buttigieg but not involved in the campaign. “Humanity is not an intellectual concept.” This is a good article. Captures why people like him and why people don't. Nothing negative about him personally, instead indicating he left a lasting positive impression that he'll just have to work on making more positive after next week.
Wait, so you are saying that because a union president wants people to get Biden into the general election Biden is a bad candidate?
That's not at all what the article said.
Your false response is not related at all to the user or the literal text in the article.
Maybe the other candidates should have done more to have the backs of firefighters? Besides they are Americans too and are allowed to have more than one opinion. It's why we need ranked choice voting. Stop being so divisive.
It was actually from Oxford where he was a Rhodes Scholar. It also helps him converse in one of his 8 languages he can speak.
Actually, the article itself said the union believes Biden is the most supportive candidate for them. But then again I know this sub is incapable of reading past headlines.
Why would I watch some nobody on YouTube? It's not a real source for anything like that.
I see a Joe Biden link in there. Is he congratulating Pete for being a Rhodes Scholar that speaks 8 languages?
We all agree they should be held accountable, but I think we as a society should also think about the costs of the kind of information we make public, and whether those costs fit the misconduct.
We all agree they should be held accountable, but I think we as a society should also think about the costs of the kind of information we make public, and whether those costs fit the misconduct.
We all agree they should be held accountable, but I think we as a society should also think about the costs of the kind of information we make public, and whether those costs fit the misconduct.
Rather than call this a lounge, this should be called Base Camp, or Camp Fire. Or Hammock, and just accept that we are crowding in a 1-person hammock and definitely exceeding the recommended weight limit but we don't care because we don't play by the rules.
