nightwaves are gonna loop around though. we just dont know the frequency of that
We both wield the light. but you are no longer a brother
The Menagerie gear all have Calus fanfic of us killing beloved NPCs (and risen-Uldren)
I'm pretty sure Minotaurs have a humanoid left hand, and Atheon has hands too. (like you i fell in love with the vex in D1 too)
he hates non-risen awoken.
For me it was the way they warp in, the changed headshot location, just generating digital routing lines in the air. and literally everything about the Vault of Glass, especially Atheon and his [theme song](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZLQcZCGNT7o). Hell, everything about them is just fucking awesome
Zavala's gonna have him clean *so many* Edge Transits
[the intro sequence](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yyCx9wHeLU8)
Auryx killed Akka and spoke to The Deep directly to gain the power to Take, and then become Oryx The Taken King. I've not gone into the Raid yet, but given Calus' need to ends sentences with "O Champion mine" when he speaks through Werner 99-40, I feel like he's now an Ahamkara (or some how connected with one when he saw the void and managed to hold back before). Calus also seems to be very contradictory, so him building a Throne world wouldn't be too surprising if he wanted to see the end of existence, since it may assist him in seeing what comes next. Perhaps he only thinks he dies at the end
Calette
I really hope so. But after looking it up, O___mine is a curse invoking paracausal ownership used by ahamkara, worm gods, and now calus. All those have had a connection to the darkness in some way, and calus may be using it combined with gracing us with plentiful loot, to take hold over us through our light.
She has quite the Demi Lovato look going on there
I'd expect this from Carmageddon. Seems quite similar to the opponent repulsificator powerup
Destiny: Books of Sorrow
Alternatively there's always neighbourhood children
I mean yea kids do do that. On final space a robot eats cookies by smushing them into one of his ports. It pisses off the main character because the robot can't actually eat them but keeps pretending, and the ship AI keeps denying him cookies
Same could be said about Riven though. Since she'd say it and it didn't have any affect on us. AFAIK we haven't actually seen it hold power over anything no matter who says it I doubt they're gonna have calus go full control with it right off the bat. And I'm not saying its going to be an instant mind control thing. It's probably going to be a slow build up attempt
Ah, you're in console. On PC gas cloud rework has been out well before nightwave intermission began. (Hell I got wisp and the weapons built well before intermission) Regardless of that though, just because wisp and her guns are new, that doesn't make them magically worth forma, which is what you seem to be suggesting. There's other gear out there worth those forma
Hey now. My dad has that title. But I guess they can share it.
Alright let's get this over with then
Does that mean you call glass "hot sand"?
Well we have poison grenades...
He's got speed down pat. Just gotta work on accuracy
im assuming thats because he's not done with his big speech. i guess he wants to get it all out there before he gets done by the cops
While I really shouldn't be speaking to someone of your station, it's ok. one day if you're really lucky you wont be such a social degenerate and can become a better person like the rest of us.
you're now slightly less trash but still pretty trash
you could also plateau
you're 2.882 and on the way to being a normal person.
*laughs in Fat Man*
Not thankful for other drivers though if they're gonna keep doing this shit
I really don't think the neck snappee had any control over their head smashing the ground. They got thrown, they didn't just self head slam..
Because it's in reference to ocean depth.
currently if the sparrow isnt 160 insta-summon its garbage.
Pay the court a fine or serve your time. \&gt;No THEN PAY WITH YOUR IMPERIALS!
TITAN NO KNOW WHAT THAT WORD MEAN
;)
well the blight PE is just random. unlike ether harvest.
Nezerac's Sin, Attunement of Fission, literally any void energy &amp; heavy. enjoy exploding non-stop. (fission has its own mini crown of tempests) That being said, I prefer using that with Attunement of Chaos instead of Fission, just because once the voidbomb is out, the next one can charge up. So the one I just threw will typically max out Abyssal Extractor, and give a nice boost to the next bomb. not to mention the frequent melee &amp; nades
i guess nekros is a paladin then. he's got an augment to bitchslap health into people
if you're playing warlock you can use burst glide to get some nice bunny hop boosts. nothing like warframe, but we kinda trade mobility for gunplay
robes are just capes that keep you warm
so every revive in tier 2 reckoning last week with that hermit knight stompfest
what kind of shitty worm god doesnt even have a throne world!? everyone! point and laugh at Xol!
The teams were proper IB but it bugged at the end of game scoreboard
As her nipple hardens, her rib cage vanishes. This is because nipple hardons drain bone marrow from the ribs.
Dark blue
Cue women failing to do things without causing property damage
Yea. Kinda just means they needed to sort shit out when writing the plot instead of saying "nah she'll be right mate" It's silly having a character flip flop over who she hates. Though it's also silly condensing dark Phoenix saga into 1 two hour movie
Wouldn't wanna trust a space teen who's been dreaming about horrific murder and before that committing horrific murder
especially hunters, holy shit they run into a lot of aoe nades while having the least max health
we've all done this. For that phalanx holds the key to the chain of sorrow
Gex on the field!
1 Risen, reasonably equipped, can annihilate an army. 2 Risen, assuming adequate cover for ghost support, can fight infinite armies indefinitely.
This is what happens when you step into a war with the Cabal on Mars, whether you wanted it or not.
wont be long til that's no longer needed though. glimmer sinks need to last through expansions.
nah thats only for manga-binary. western binary is left to right
ah wonderful. I'm currently on that part using World-Line 0 for them tasty telefrags.
some sort of shitlore
I worked on my super kills by using top tree dawnblade. if you bunny hop you'll catapult yourself across the map and the fireballs have tracking. you can usually get around 1-3 kills with it per super depending on enemy clustering
Nah bro, what you do is change the fallen/scorn strike boss songs to ONLY be either Sepiks Prime or Sepiks Redux. with enough leadup time before the boss actually spawns. you gotta raise our hopes before expertly dashing them. side note. oh my god I want Sepiks Prime and Darkblade strikes back. Those were some amazing and horrifying (respectively) strikes to run
Whenever I've had a raid explained to me (by friends, have only LFG'd once for solstice armour), I was only like half paying attention and then at the end of the explanation my response was pretty much "kinda but lets do this"
bummer
You already stockpile glimmer when you are not using it though, and it's also easy to pile up. Given the current uses of it are not significant enough to pull you down from the current cap, what would be the benefit to having a higher cap. The last time there was a major glimmer sink was in faction rallies with the faction gun. Tell me. What would you *ACTUALLY DO* with a million glimmer? What is the thing that is driving you to argue so strongly about raising the glimmer cap?
make sure to cum on the shit so they get some icing on their cake
Sadly no. It's an Aussie slur for Aboriginals
Lazy fuck doesn't even smile in that scene!
What about a catapult?
Not doing it in an Emergency Department is perfectly fine. Since it's for emergency stuff, which a flu shot typically won't be. There's no need to try and fill up an ED with non-emergency stuff. Getting an injection at a Chemist (which google suggests Walgreens is) just sounds like a bad idea unless you actually have trained nurses or doctors working there. When I got my flu shot the other day it was done at a doctor's office by the on-staff nurse, not the chemist around the corner.
to be fair, if you think your daughter is being raped you're not gonna knock on the door and you're gonna be glad the door isn't locked.
*shows mum the child* uhh...virgin birth
Nah it's Command &amp; Conquer, Westwood's hit game from the 90's
obviously god gave the surgeon his skill
legit didnt know there was physical differences between the 2. neat.
As a quick note, you're probably after defiantly, not definitely. Kids standing defiantly in her way are ignoring the fear. Kids definitely standing in her way is just a statement of fact.
If you have NPCs being less inclined to offer assistance it will of course lead to intimidation happening. Which is the perfect time for a brave NPC to shout something like "DO YOUR WORST, IN THE END BRAVE AND **GOOD** ADVENTURERS WILL END YOUR REIGN OF TERROR!!"
My Dalmatian was a total doofus. But she did learn two painful lessons. 1. If someone gets in the car, stop lying down against the wheels, or her tail would become an accidental speed bump. 2. Wait for the humans to walk in the door, because it turns out the house has a closed glass door too, and sprinting into it so hard that her body almost bends in half hurts a lot.
Keep it civil war
sounds like we need to use more nukes then.
You sick fucking degenerate
The people you've privately messaged might not all be dead though
What about your friends who aren't dead?
All those private conversations you've had with friends on Messenger (accessed via Facebook). If any of them are still alive they would assume those conversations were still private. Really, to compare it to personal belongings, and get an accurate comparison, imagine you had all your stuff in a personal safe that only you and the safe manufacturer had the code for. Would it be ok for your family to try to crack the code, or get the code from the manufacturer, when you never gave them the code?
That's why he's 4.8
We've almost hit the point where D1 ended too. Shadowkeep and Rise of Iron are the year 3 content drops, D1 stopped after that to make way for D2
what's this uninfusable gear set?
pretty achievable with 8 powerful iron banner bounties, crucible, chalice, heroic adventure, werner bounties, gambit, gambit prime, reckoning, strikes, nightfall, heroic dailies...
start by crying about a broken childhood
lore writers could have been stumped on what to write for it, then heard from the dev team what it actually does and wrote the lore as a tongue in cheek jab over the whole thing
[Surprised Warmind didn't make you deaf](https://www.instagram.com/p/Bl4LcVEBOkq/)
i blame it on the fact we had gun-slingers and sun-singers.
they could just use raw numbers and, in the case of the iron banner one, just add to the end "ally kills fill less"
probably because those ones are intended as season-long activities, rather than completed within a week.
scatterhorn warlock helmet looks like sputnik blew your head apart.
its the future he saw. so to him it WILL happen because he wants to be the last alive
in D1 he was a character who made jokes and didnt take things too seriously. out of confidence. in D2 he got turned into a joke. They overdid it because "people liked his jokes in D1, lets crank it up to 11"
I guess you're gonna stop logging in to reddit on the work computers now yea?
Plains of Endolon
a black excalibur so we can all have a prime excal without giving us prime excal
#BEWM BEWM!
fun fact. if you bind emotes to a keypress you can howl in sanctuary onslaught
I have no mouth and I must scream
either that or not enough people play frost for them to care about it
Femoral goes by the femur. A popular leg bone to kick. That's about all I got on body locations
By diving in to the complexities I mean encountering all the different stuff that can be done that has minimal explanation, not getting into anything deep. Because most of Warframe is just a lot of confusing stuff spread out, with no huge depths in any specific aspect. The only thing that really has depth is the modding system. Depth wise the game's wide and about waist-deep
Poor F.A.T.H.E.R
Might wanna stop kneeling in front of the toilet
Nah, just the glutes
What do you mean by 'the dreaded SSSS'?
Oh I know, but it's also banish city where everyone is sending everyone off to a realm
She made air atoms while down there. Probably had a blow torch to weld them together
the thing between the 2 stores is more that Steam has all this various architecture built up and on the client, while the EGS doesn't. Valve have built up their own sub-layer of internet, which means they have great multiplayer connectivity if there's some kind of congestion happening. On the foreground there's also the benefits of the steam store having a shopping cart and user reviews. whereas during epic's latest sale accounts were getting banned because they were buying multiple games in a short amount of time. that's without getting into all the exclusivity stuff that EGS has been doing. to me steam is better for multiplayer games while EGS is better for singleplayer games, and I *would* use EGS for some games but since they seem fond of denying store availabilities I don't use it. I prefer having a choice on where I buy games from.
VU-VU-ZELAAAAAA^AAAAA^AAAA^AAA^AA
yea but it wont be haunted anymore
not if the ghost DC's with him!
yea thats what im talking about willis! when i go to run it it says 740 for heroic while the regular says 690.
I much prefer [this video showcasing intro music](https://www.instagram.com/p/Bl4LcVEBOkq/)
Also DM: "Not you"
it's Keanu Mercer
[here you go](https://i.imgur.com/WqJsnAJ.png)
"I've always wondered what a tiny, insignificant penis would feel like, and you brave hero are the first to offer!"
*DM throws a bad dragon toy at the player*
hell, his argument was literally "youre the DM you can allow it" yes. they are the DM. this also means they can choose not to allow it. which makes sense given spider-walk is 'walk on walls/ceilings like a spider' and not 'float in the air'
damn thats sexy
Why use lots words when few word work
Well how'd he become king then
Well, but you can't expect to wield supreme executive power just 'cause some watery tart threw a sword at you!
Disappointed you didn't have Ride of the Valkyries as your choice of music
I like how there's [dramatic tears](https://www.reddit.com/r/YouFellForItFool/comments/cjlngm/you_fell_for_it_fool/) in the shape of an options menu at the top right
it's more a sibling rivalry than anything. we're allowed to talk shit about each other
My group all have similarly named organizations. Ye Olde Nutz, Deez Nutz, and another I'm forgetting
The correct English*
its not hard, the next 20 years will be memes, jokes about suicide, and jokes at the US president's expense.
Honestly the upsetting part should have been the part with the mirror where she turns away and her reflection is still facing her.
but thats money! they need *food*!
I hope so! The best part is, you don't even need to click the link to see what I'm talking about :P
also the casino
What kinda gamer doesnt have a charge cable or spare batteries close at hand?
["grand theft auto" is a name for the crime of stealing cars though.](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Motor_vehicle_theft).
he's paying assholery forward
offroad wheels
eating while in cover does too. but if you hold the animation, you'll get more healing per food.
having a sulk/being a crybaby. by calling yourself a little bitch who cant handle gta and being all 'oh woe is me' having a cry when things dont go your way, you just come across as a big sook. Ya gotta be a big boy, go to a solo session, and move on like the rest of us
that's actually impressive
#*HEY. ITS ROOOON...JACKOWSKI*
Didn't know there was an arcade glitch
I bet it was higher on the street
If you die with cash you drop cash. If it happens enough you lose all your cash. You can 100% bank your cash through your phone.
I'm confident the platinum is guaranteed to go to whoever isn't the host. if there's multiple non-hosts then it's just a dice roll
Kif, stand by to take the blame. Steady... Steady... Aaaaand, now! AAAHH!
^^^with ^^^syphilis
nah you're the bad guy for writing 'appazz' :P
is there any other trick to it or just that?
you gotta do the stealth approach, not declare war on the casino
allow me wtf get over it OP
Munori, Moment Killer. Last time a friend picked up a hooker I stood outside his car looping the jerking off animation.
at least you can call the strippers
it's of minimal consequence. Pretty much just an inconvenience as you'll respawn nearby anyway
the gun safe does have a use though, since you can set up a loadout. When you eventually have 50 weapons in every slot it becomes tedious to find that one gun you always use but is buried halfway
you should be able to buy an Elegy for free, and it's a very solid car.
Rockstar was the real bad sport all along
ah yes, the tree truck
Only the east coast has a hardware firewall though
*great scott!*
because we give them belly rubs
I feel ambiguously targeted by this
pretty sure when they stab someone with a Bat'leth, that's their way of saying "excuse me"
your insults cant stick to me when I'm this greased up!
also people will likely finish their drink before the meal comes, so they'll potentially order a new drink to have with the meal.
*NIKO COUSIN YOU WANT TO GO BOWLING!?* \&gt;no *OOOHKAY MAYBE NEXT TIME!*
Just make it Niko who, guilt-ridden having constantly rejected Roman, has decided to leave to another country and set up a bowling alley in Roman's memory.
code it in as glass windows for extremely fragile ice sheets
anyone know if this works on PC too or just console?
oh man i forgot how bad flying is without it being maxed out. Have you run the flight school missions by LSIA yet? I *think* they will help boost the flying stat too (as well as the gain from just flying in them) And yea, the altitude is easy to mistake as just being just a baseline for the attitude, because it doesn't move a huge amount.
From what I've googled, the hangar missions are shit for money gain. I've done a couple missions for it (bought my hangar today), it's terrible solo, because you're always getting chased by aircraft you can't shoot down easily. I was trying to do a stall-180 to shoot down helis. So I'm only using mine for the planes and ignoring the missions it has. The gunrunning bunker is a solid income source because it's quite passive, you just get supplies then do other shit while it works it's magic. The sales can be a bit tight if you're alone and have to do multiple vehicles. There's a chart somewhere that tells you how many vehicles you get at various stock thresholds. I've had good experiences running the warehouse crates solo, one of the sales for that is a boat which, while slow af, is a pretty easy sale. Nightclub is good because your MC operations, crate warehouse, and gunrunning bunker can "connect" with it (possibly import/export too). You just need to own the connected things, you don't have to even get supplies for them to fill the nightclub stores. I have a fake ID shop I actively ignore and it still fills the club. So with about 4 things filling the nightclub it's an easy passive several hundred thousand when I remember it. When you do any sales, do make sure you are confident about the safety of your session, or get yourself into an empty public session (I use netlimiter for this). Nothing worse than some akula or oppressor jackass wasting your entire stock EDIT: Forgot the arcade. Its got passive income based on how many machines you own. But the big money is from the heist area in the basement to rob the casino. If you got a friend you can 2 man that and get some serious cash. A friend and I did a full on assault, stole some paintings and walked out with 900k each (we used the 8585) glitch the both get 85% cut
the log out at the end of the heist is still a thing. People run that on The Bogdan Problem now (Doomsday Heist) since you can do it with just 2 people and it's about 900k in under 15 minutes. (host kills the game when the green flash at the end happens)
it was back when the terror of the server was a tank outside that apartment every streamer bought
i ended up downloading a 100% save so i could skip that shit
well most loading time is the hardware/software itself, not the connection. If the connection is stable enough then that's fine. Only times the connection would be an issue is if it's spotty and you're joining into a total shitshow of a server (and the host lives far away from you)
I found out when I gave lip to one and he clapped back with "it drains health for Inaros" I was just like "...huh"
i believe you mean titty bar
like a drunk sack of bricks
hilariously I totally forgot you can just do that with firewalls (i tend to let mine just do its own thing)
2 options there 1. join new session 2. taunt him so he gets super pissed and ragequits the session
What do you mean? Online doesn't need to take place in all the decades. GTA 5 Online was initially set a few days before the story took place and probably still is (somehow) Cities don't get massive overhauls every 10 years anyway, so its not like the game world will look vastly different each decade.
isnt that the bank we robbed at the end of the first batch of heists though? I assumed he was talking about us and forgot we were the ones that did it.
I had 3 million and burned it all on a Moonbeam Custom that got pimped the fuck out.
Bogdan heist finale is where it tells you about the auto-pilot mode (assuming you're not in the sub for it)
I'd argue that the massive K/D isn't his because he told other people to kill people. He didn't directly do them all.
apes together strong
I remember it better than my home phone number, and my home number is like 8 digits.
never trust the person who says out of nowhere they're chill. half the time it's a lie
happy to help. I personally do the netlimiter method because its real easy. it's a free download too and also lets you see all kinds of neat traffic info on top of controlling it. Can also help for figuring out which IPs are Rockstar's if you wanna make your own whitelist lobby
Where are my rundll32's Summer?
yea im fine because im in west aus, we had a decent fire up my way like a month or so ago (big Yanchep fire) but it was nowhere near as intense as the east coast, and it also actually ended.
The way I see good &amp; evil in D&amp;D is a good character is more likely to be selfless, while an evil character is more likely to be selfish.
**ITS YA BOI GTA TOOBER AND IM HERE TODAY TO SHOW YOU THE GREATEST GLITCH IN GTA HISTORY BUT BEFORE I GET TO THAT I WANT TO MAKE SURE YOU KNOW TO SLAM THAT LIKE BUTTON, DEMOLISH THAT SUBSCRIBE BUTTON AND IF YOU WANNA GET TOLD ABOUT MY LATEST VIDS DEFINITELY BEAT THAT BELL LIKE IT OWES YOU MONEY NOW THIS GLITCH IS GREAT IVE BEEN USING IT NONSTOP AND MY BOYS HAVE BEEN USING IT NONSTOP WITH ME AND ITS A GREAT WAY TO EARN MONEY AND IM GONNA SHOW YOU IT RIGHT THE HELL NOW** #[INSERT MINUTE LONG INTRO] **BEFORE I GET INTO THE GREATEST GLITCH IN THE WORLD OF GTA I DO NEED TO LET YOU KNOW THAT AT THE TIME OF UPLOADING THE VIDEO THE GLITCH WORKS BUT I HAVE NO IDEA HOW LONG ITS GONNA LAST ITS CRAZY ITS SURVIVED THIS LONG AND HOPEFULLY ROCKSTAR KEEP IGNORING IT SO I CAN MAKE A LIL EXTRA CASH ON THE SIDE HAHA NOW DONT FORGET IF YOU HAVENT ALREADY STOMP ON THAT LIKE BUTTON TO SHOW ME YOU LIKE THE VIDEO TEACHING YOU THE GLITCH SO I KNOW IF YOU WANT TO SEE MORE GLITCH VIDEOS AS I FIND THEM OBLITERATE THAT SUBSCRIBE BUTTON IF YOU HAVENT ALREADY BECAUSE THE MORE PEOPLE SUBSCRIBE THE MORE VIDEOS I MAKE FOR YOU BEAUTIFUL PEOPLE AND LAST BUT NOT LEAST DO NOT FORGET TO CURBSTOMP THAT BELL IF YOU WANNA BE ON THE BLEEDING EDGE OF GTA GLITCHES LIKE THE GLITCH THAT IM ABOUT TO SHOW YOU MY BOYS HAVE BEEN USING IT NONSTOP SINCE IT CAME OUT IVE ALSO BEEN USING IT NONSTOP SINCE IT CAME OUT AND IT REALLY IS THE GREATEST YOU SEE THAT NUMBER IN THE CORNER? THAT AINT PHOTOSHOP THAT IS MY ACTUAL BANK ACCOUNT *JUST* FROM RUNNING THIS GLITCH NOW THE TRICK TO THIS GLITCH ITS SUPER SIMPLE ANYONE CAN DO IT SO FIRST OFF YOU RUN THE HEIST SETUPS LIKE NORMAL...** (i was tempted to keep going but my soul can't take another word)
yea no rush on the penthouse. the only real useful things you get are - the casino missions, which after completion allows you to get security camera details for the heist - access to the manager's office to snap a pic of the vault blueprints so you can buy a practice one
My favourite griefy thing to do back on PS3 GTA was whenever there was some squeaker on the mic, take a heli to a nearby skyscraper roof and snipe them repeatedly. Don't worry, I don't grief anymore (when i did it was only what's written above) and try to actively show im not coming for people when I'm flying around the map in an unarmed deluxo
because if the oppressor doesn't work, they have no fallback
Just like Elliot on scrubs when she's talking about bajingos and shwing-shwongs
Oh how unfortunate :P
Sure but the point is if the maps already got large portions of unused area, why create *more* unused area?
30 seconds* if undetected
What I'm saying is that the psychotic tendencies of civilians during I/E runs is no different to doing no mission. Just that people are more aware of it during I/E because collisions affect income gained.
friend of mine is always driving his supercar around.
best part is it becomes a personal vehicle too
my favourite is going solo, having to pick up the armoured technical, and having literally no way to fight off people
"Rick Astley has air dropped an album to the marked location. Collect it to listen to it"
absolutely. But I refuse to be blamed for making them in the first place! :P
RIP my buddy who bought the MC businesses last night to get his nightclub going
I wear the crying emoji to spice up cutscenes
"and yet you keep coming back for more"
*S O R R Y A V O N*
does the research at least stay?
Have you actually run their missions at all? They will harass you til you do, then just when you go past. Or at least that's how they're ment to be
Well that's a big ripperino then :(
I recommend buying a Buzzard to use for headhunter. when you call it in with securoserv as a CEO it's free if you own it and just spawns nearby. plus helis are super easy to land
\&gt;doesn't drop Brakk again
Dungeon Siege 1 and Titan Quest are like that too, you can have different parties of players roaming different parts of the map. DS1 even came with a multiplayer map specifically for that where it's more interconnected. We started in one town and had about 4 different paths to take, so our parties formed from that.
I doubt Mozzie Pests could actually take control of it, pretty sure they work by hijacking the remote control signal rather than clawing into the drone and interfacing directly
nopa
i know right? its just balls to the wall "im rich, suck it plebs"
I was quite suprised when the picture showed a lovely yellow star and reality gave me an italian bug
when you refused him, i assume you straight up went "you didnt help me when I needed it, why would I help you when you need it?"
NUKE 'EM RICO!
nothing like a good ol' fashion shitpost
!remindme 500 years ask about the DnD session
You think if I do a good enough job I can make that baby into my baby?
Probably better ways than blowing a load on their kids though
Moral of the story, have a panic sandwich on hand
Not by eating a pie, but by making a creampie obviously
forgot this existed. played a few rounds when it first showed up then ditched it
It wouldn't be difficult to get him there, you have 2 people go in as escort to take him there..
plus side, the cheapest arcade is the closest to the casino
The Lord hath forsaken thee
I convinced a friend that you get a parachute when you're in the air from it. I had picked up a chute earlier, and then we flew up nice n high. Told him it's safe to jump down. I jumped out and he saw my chute so he followed me out and went splat.
From my experience they are. Since they solved the issue I had without being a pain about it. Only took like a day or two after I sent the ticket. As long as you're concise and give as much relevant info as possible, they'll be able to resolve your issue. I'm willing to assume most complaints about them come from kids who got done hacking and are having a big sook and going on tangents at the support team over it.
$60 in the 80's does not equal $60 today. Inflation is a thing.
the season pass is the yearly thing they sell to give players operators. Road to S.I. event has launched with a 35 level Battle Pass. If you own the Season Pass you can purchase the Premium Battle Pass track at a discounted cost. The Battle Pass features a bunch of cosmetics, 5 renown boosters and a couple small R6$ packs. If you only run the free track then you get 1 booster and a couple cosmetics.
walk in there, security pounces on you
casino heist is 25% extra payout, and 50% less on the support crew
you know how we whelp the grineer with hyper mobility? imagine fighting against that.
Its called "forced cardio" and his legs are a bit too skinny!
nope, but I know reddit is hardly gonna be useful in fixing the issue :P
you must ensure that every childcare centre has one child who is evil, and one who is not *quite* evil enough.
when the party asks him a question, I imagine he starts the sentence with "oi's guv'nah..." (like a really condensed 'oh yes')
I feel bad for people who have to drive a hearse because those are quite big cars, just in length instead of height
does that mean their translated name is 'suck sucks'?
Frackin' Toasters*
Kinda hoping you shouted "make it hail!" as you threw coinage at them
from all the "it was I, Dio!" I expected him to be more a recurring villain showing up in every episode, fooling Jojo with glorious trickery. boy was I surprised when he only says it like 2 or 3 times.
hold it there pardnr
gotta edge for 6:45
to be fair though, for this infomercial it looks like the lighting is coming from an angle the sun visor could block
I bet you heard a bell
One of my campaigns has an odd set of serious tone and goofiness. We're diving into Avernus and its all evil cult shit but on the other hand I accidentally made it canon that [Infernals laugh like Jimmy Carr](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=t64-8IECAek) because I was trying to make an otherworldly laugh and forgot that laughing on an in will always be Jimmy
That's a railroad! How *DARE* you accuse Sir Railroadington of being a railroad!
to be fair, it *is* an image from funnyjunk.
the title lead me to assume this would be a joke about [El Sonidito](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XgNFLo5WOI) always playing in taxis.
the helicopter thing is because oppressors dont like competition
250k less for not even needing to worry about getting killed sounds like a good deal though. And it's not like that bonus cash is even mine before the sale is completed.
horrid editing aside, what's going on with the radio blast at the start and end
you mean you dont use your neck like a brake-pad?
if you're doing the thing where you disconnect right at the end, the host shouldnt get anything out of it which is why you're meant to give the other player 85%. its an exploit to give other players money. turns out recently the hosts have been getting cash too (at least on PC anyway)
"i'll try spinning, that's a good trick!"
or shout into the mic to scare the NPC out of the seat.
you're just after any way to disable the network connection. pulling the network cable is the hardware version, disabling the network adapter is the software version.
as long as the network adapter is disabled when you do that, yes.
With enough nukes you don't need defence walls
On the other hand, it is very factorio to use a massive nuke to kill one worm. Only good bug is a dead bug y'know?
Won't surprise me if he has some proprietary anti-linux software. No matter how strong the VM is at disguising itself, **IF** you run Linux for gaming, he will find it.
They would see it as a white lie. The windows players are still supported, and they never specified *all* steam players will continue to be supported. P.S. I kinda wish I wasn't able to interpret this kinda shit
"new technologies" could mean the epic store just because to payonix it *is* new
that doesnt mean they cant install it as a way to prevent mac/linux users from playing.
for what it's worth, PC covers windows/mac/linux. PC is short for Personal Computer, not Windows machine.
it's read/said "tah"
GTA Online already has a daily reset feature used by the daily objectives, so it's not like they can't do it. And having a daily reset for the wheel isn't gonna overload their servers, it just makes the wheel more accessable
another option if you're not opposed to rebooting the game is have task manager open, spin the wheel and get ready to crash the game
Daily Objectives have a daily reset, just put it to that lol
they already have a daily reset system set up for the daily challenges. just use that (about 9AM GMT)
well I mean, it's a model of the DeLorean.
😂👌😂👌😂👌😂👌😂👌😂👌😂👌😂👌😂👌😂👌😂👌😂👌😂👌😂👌😂👌😂👌😂👌😂👌😂👌😂👌😂👌😂👌😂👌😂👌😂👌😂👌😂👌😂👌😂👌😂👌😂👌😂👌😂👌😂👌😂👌😂👌😂👌😂👌😂👌😂👌😂👌😂👌😂👌😂👌😂👌😂👌😂👌😂👌😂👌😂👌😂👌😂👌 he's got more upvotes than you though 😂👌😂👌😂👌😂👌😂👌😂👌😂👌😂👌😂👌😂👌😂👌😂👌😂👌😂👌😂👌😂👌😂👌😂👌😂👌😂👌😂👌😂👌😂👌😂👌😂👌😂👌😂👌😂👌😂👌😂👌😂👌😂👌😂👌😂👌😂👌😂👌😂👌😂👌😂👌😂👌😂👌😂👌😂👌😂👌😂👌😂👌😂👌😂👌😂👌😂👌😂👌😂👌
how dare you enter his airspace
got stuck on a heist get away and i said "hey can you hop out and atomizer me out of here?". Totally forgetting you cant use it in the casino heist :(
overtime rumble is basically like lawn bowls/curling/darts, except both teams are in cars flooring it down a massive ramp, go at the same time, and you're all vying for the same point spots. So being the first on the board isn't always the best thing.
Its not our countries. Its the host website being a cunt over the IP not coming from america
a 7, just like his username
[nah bro, you want the Delfino Plaza loop](https://youtu.be/jrMjN50Jr_8)
So, slaanesh with extras on the side
When Skynet gets bored
Oh good lord that's horrid
Not gonna lie, that sounds kinda hot (in a porn way, not a rape way)
Hirohiko Araki uses "killing a dog" as an indicator of how truly evil a character is, because to him someone who kills a dog is irredeemable. Which is why Dio kills a dog in JoJo's Bizarre Adventure at the start
Fun fact, when two people kiss they make a tube with an asshole at either end
Turns out like Sally on venture Bros. She's able to make the outer layer of her skin invisible
If you want a dirty trap location, on skyscraper there's a room with a hologram on the table. The hologram only fades if a person is on it, so I like to put a frost mat there since it's impossible to see through the hologram. in the off chance someone slides along that table they get snapped.
yea but pub lass wants to hop in the hot tub with me..
the seliana area is basically the bottom floor of astera in size, and everyone is there, so everything you need is much closer. the seliana party hub has almost everything too, also when you're in the hub you can visit the smithy without needing to load the HQ too, it's a fade transition rather than a loading screen.
plus that ladle threat
how do you get the layered armour?
she likes knife-play and i got a ton of potions, sounds like we're made for each other!
cant pilot a gundam if you dont got big ol tiddies
what's the master's touch build? (and what does it do)
[Heres another one to get stuck your head](https://youtu.be/hAmb7Td-lEw)
Does this mean that if I use batman based from multiple comics in a single series, it counts as research?
"he's the lawful neutral bard"
What's naddpod? Purely so I can scoff in disbelief at his accusations
"I know what you're thinking. You're thinking 'he's a liar, he doesn't know what I'm thinking' " - Matt Colville
I got a Duet which is just a JoJos reference. Got a vampire who knows the main character and has taunted them, got a stone mask that needs to show up, and a main character who would prefer avoiding combat
Yea the roars as a change make sense. Its the ones where they roar 3 times in a row (and no other monster is near) that are weird. Had a few lose their minds roaring nonstop as I was approaching them
yea. a game on rails is like being on a rollercoaster (CoD campaigns are good examples). It will take you through a lot of pretty scenery before the end, but you don't get to decide where you go or how you get there. then there's also rail-shooter games which is literally "you are moving forward on this rail line, shoot the things as we go". This is games like Time Crisis in arcades
Yea but on the other hand I got this torque,and its lusting for a release. That hairpin turn waits for no one!
exactly! all the more reason to bomb it all the time!
But then the players know something is up
Hell hath no fury like a drill sarge bored
I'm mildly upset that you wrote entry/egress instead of either entry/exit or ingress/egress.
"for the hours of closing, speak the word 'jif'. For the hours of opening, speak the word 'gif'." "Speaking includes the voice in your head as you read this notice"
"...and the museum has NEVER contained mirrors"
Only natural fuel caps out (which is passively gained during hunts). If you dogpile a shit load of dragon coal into it then you can run it for days
From what I've heard, it's Playstation exclusive, are you on Xbox or PC?
great, now we gotta make a hand gesture that shows CB2X
I'm willing to bet they're both people who struggled on Kush with multiple cartings, and are mad at people who consider using the SOS flare for the fight because it "defeats the challenge", while also refusing to change off a weapon that is horrible to fight Daora with.
[The Dobler-Dahmer theory](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jkQJKeO8zUo)
From my experience in online hunts, as long as you don't cart multiple times, no one really cares (even then, people dont seem to get upset). Though that could also be because I'm in the OCE/AUS region, so people might be more chill down this way. Just avoid being that guy who has no defense/health decorations or meals, runs dual blades/long sword and carts out the hunt in 5 minutes and you'll be fine.
those assholes are why I started using my T4 intimidator gem. They finally understood my torment
[Awaken my Gajalakas](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TMxgOfIlGGk)
odd. I've had an Intimidator T4 gem in, and stood among vespoids while they hover in fear
the previous heist in humane labs already had us break in to delete the vaccine
Well touche then!
Here I thought it was riot practice
Vaal shoots gassy cancer Kush sends all the shit on the ground into the air
In beatstick we trust
Happy to help :)
Vegans don't like meat tho
That ADSL1 reaction speed
casino's probably jacking up its prices to try and offset the strange losses it keep suffering
that's his point. just because they're a friend, doesn't mean that cant be afk and return too late
hell, if no one plays at his tables, no one will discover his amazing stories. Arrogance is a trait for the NPCs, not the GM.
wait, it literally converts metals into plastics?
however i've seen emoji's here n there on reddit 👌😂👌. and its only recently a few users have been chucking a wobbly over it, to which I am curious. 🤔🤔🤔 Because believe it or not, I do *actually use reddit* (hence me being on here typing this right now), but I'm curious why people are having a sad over the usage of emojis lately 😢😘
oh shit that's pretty rad
I heard Bang Ting Ow was on the flight too
Aw well that's bullshit :(
if you're losing your memory you might want to visit your local GP about it. Also when you make the appointment, do please be sure to write it down just in case you are losing memories. I wouldn't want you forgetting to look after your mental health
unconcious? no
What kind of switch are you talking about? because I'm imaging a [network switch](https://www.distrelec.biz/Web/WebShopImages/landscape_large/7-/01/Netgear-GS324T-100EUS-30141967-01.jpg) being used as a giant paddle on a kid.
If a bad smell can cause people to gag or evacuate a room, it would work as a form of torture where you are prevented from removing yourself from the situation.
it's getting rare to find one where they *actually* fucked up, and isn't just some embarrassing r/ihavesex post
"whats so bad about waterboarding, its *just* water on the face, I have a shower every day!"
Chris Hitchens did this as well. He thought it wasn't actually as bad as people make it seem. He lasted 16 seconds before throwing the metal bars he was holding as a signal to stop
don't worry, i still chuckled :)
You had me at Revoko
To be fair though, the assumed answer would be "because the bride/groom wanted it"
nah they're downie-uppies. they go down first
At a sufficiently large scale they could have some performance effect though. I probably should have gone with FPS rather than UPS though I think they even came up in one of the FFF's from ages ago
Stop resisting or you get the butt pin!
Its kinda ironic a lot of manly/hetero-bro stuff involves a lot of gay shit
Fuckin madlad actually said it!
A bath would have been a safer choice
I've heard quieter noises from a knight smashing another knight on the head with a polearm
Imagine the level of wit from casual bar banter
In imagining Flame or Chem troopers loaded up with a big tank pack, a bunch of armour, and a fire hose to spray pepper spray
&gt;I picked a tiefling Hey now, tieflings aren't inherently edgy! &gt;And named him Dark Justice Oooooh boy here we go
ah. we thought they all had to face forward
So do we call this Civil War: Civil War as an Avengers reference? Or do we call it Civil War 2: Electric Boogaloo because of cops tasing/peppering folks?
We don't speak English, we speak American gahd dammit!
Moses ain't got shit on how imma part these cheeks!
This is what it'd be like if we developed super powers
That's what LSD is
You could look for a d100 chart of magical items, some useful, some mediocre (look up 'numenera oddities' for mediocre magical items). Get your players to give you about 10 d100 rolls out if game (no context of course) and then use those results as the list of stuff they've acquired
I believe proper authorities is medical personnel now that it's all citizens vs cops
My guess is, If you shot then it would be because you felt your life was at immediate fatal risk. Shoot to kill would most definitely stop the threat, while shooting to disable could be seen by the court as you thinking your life wasn't actually at risk as they slap you with attempted murder or something, since you're not trying to 100% stop the threat.
woo!
had a random town encounter of this drunk-off-his-ass punching the PC for allegedly sleeping with his wife a week ago(PC hadnt and and only just got to town). it was meant to be some throw away one off mini encounter and turned into its own side-quest filled with spite, medical aid, and breaking &amp; entering, with the player now heading off to some far off town to visit someone who can teleport them to Pandemonium to rescue the guy's missing wife.
Good Luck, I'm behind 7 assemblers!
Wait til you visit
what about moving back and crouching? would that cover the blast without giving away position?
A similar thing was done on one of the Scary Movies. Killer shows up and the girl goes to the police website and just writes "white woman in trouble" and 3 cop cars immediately show up
Even got a Commodore 64. This is the room young &amp; old me dreamed of having
keep in mind that sunsetting is just limiting how high the light level will go for the gun. You can still use it, you just wont be at your maximum possible light level if you take it in to the *newer* raids. and the advantage with sunset stuff is they can make notable perks for stuff. Right now everything is pretty average because all the perks need to compete with all the perks, so they're designed to float very close to an average line
then you should have already done that. because the seasonal content stuff has always been temporary. The missions last season to rescue Saint-14. If you didn't do them you can't now.
so which *actual* daily reset is it? like the date and time? I live in Australia, and my daily resets are 1am. So when you say tomorrow's reset, do you really mean tonight's reset? or do you mean the reset after that?
didnt they say it was some future season that would actually start to address FOMO? maybe they're getting one last FOMO out of their system
looked at destiny on steam, not on sale. looked at isthereanydeal.com, no sales. cheers for including which store has it on sale bro
sunset is just gonna cap the light level on weapons. if you're only going up to forsaken it's a non-issue
That payoff was better than the 2 hours on the tower
Hell, the Death Star on Star Wars got attacked and blew up faster than this thing, and Rasputin's using like Golden Age tech
I remember TF2 going free to play and tons of people who bought it about 5 years earlier were livid that people would get it for free.
I have a wise af druid who at level 1 was 18 WIS but 6 INT &amp; CHA
I wanna make an Orc barbarian who thinks he's a wizard. shouting Counter-spell as he swings his greatsword at a wizard and knowing it works because "it stopped the spell"
a chronological anomaly
its more of a jet engine with handles
Online GTA's golden years were around release. Back when the major threat was that one guy in the lobby who bought a tank and is sitting outside that one apartment all the streamers own.
I alternate between Hildryn &amp; Equinox enough that I main both
try getting to British to see it that way though :P
to be fair, you got your point across pretty darn well with "Well when you are Sam Riegel, I'll do better."
"We sure got them Jerry!" "Jerry?" "ah fuck, we re-enacted too good!"
probably comes up in chat a lot when someone gets upset
sessions later, they go to kill the dragon. but they see a dead dragon with a sword sticking out of it. The supposedly dead character walks in and was the big bad all along. The player takes control back of his character. Roll for Initiative, it's PvP time
that's the spirit!
I'm Aussie but I find that stereotypical texan accent a solid pick, used it for my ice cream dispensing cyborg guy
time to make my next wizard Mario with a terrible italian accent
oh shit sorry u/BrainBlowX didn't realise there was a rule against such a thing
Hey, no! HEY! GIVE THAT BACK!
well yea, it's all salt water!
I swear way too many farts wait for me to hop in the shower first
A solid one if you're sadistic is using healing spells while drowning interrogation victims
ah fair enough
thats kinda weird. why was it not just called Electrique?
Wake me when Witherhoard can pull mid air detonations bro
the perks being more unique is because stuff is getting sunset now. before sunset everything had to hang around the average line because it had to compete with everything. now they can start going more interesting because worst case it just hangs around for a while before being left behind (this is how guns were in D1)
If you prefer reading raw lore entries and grimoire cards, then head over to [Ishtar Collective](https://www.ishtar-collective.net/). It's got all of it. D1 has a lot of lore hidden away behind grimoire cards, way more than the game revealed, D2 is the same but at least it's readable ingame via the triumph lorebooks
no im making a shitty joke about the other kind of mass destruction. like everything around getting destroyed
if you're lucky they're not tone deaf while relating to people too
A) I want to believe this is real B) We can't always see you're a fuckin slow oldie, just that you're fuckin slow
My good Redditor, I am definitely buying what you're selling. That sounds sick
momentum control is on the rotation playlist. should show up every few weeks
their plan is to *rotate* locations. So it's very likely the Leviathan will return in a future rotation
gonna be hard when you won't have the game files accessable for those locations.
you could just delete them
I dont. But I also don't run low on planetary materials
As they've mentioned, exotics will be aquirable a different way. Given you can buy old seasonal exotics from Rahool, you'll likely buy from him if they dont just move the whisper dungeon node
off the top of my head, Warframe had big story elements as temporary events that got removed.
if player count drops sufficiently enough then support will reduce as well, why would Bungie risk that? Private servers for MMOs leech content from the official server and add it about a month or 2 after official release. Also there is an enormous difference between creating a private Gambit/Crucible lobby and handing over the keys to the entire server. You need to have access to a server network that can reliably run 24/7, it would only be a small minority of the playerbase that would even have access to that (not counting those who would try to host it off school or work servers without I.T. knowing about it) Let's take it to a ridiculous extreme for the sake of example. You take on the task of reverse engineering the game, you get a private server set up, you even have it working for every console. everyone flocks to it because you've boosted drop rates, opened up all the content for everyone for free, and the console players are even willing to tolerate the loading times. You get so many people that the vast majority of the playerbase is on your server instead of the official Destiny server. Somehow Bungie also don't slam you with a cease &amp; desist order Cool. You've done it. You've beaten Bungie with your 1man/small team wrecking crew. You hold the community firmly in your iron grasp. Now the game stalls. You've got the server files, but you don't have the ability to make Destiny content because you couldn't reverse engineer the game engine from the game files. Bungie have stopped supporting the game at all because no one is playing it on their actual servers. So the Destiny private server you control is the state of the game exactly as it is right now. You were relying on Bungie to make stuff so you could rip it to add to your server a month or so later. Your community complains you stopped adding content. Handing out the *server files* will absolutely cut into profit from Destiny with . It would also risk private data security because there would definitely be some private servers trying to gain access to PS/Xbox/Steam/Stadia accounts through it. Private servers will need to bypass the Bungie.net accounts to function. Just because WoW private servers don't get shutdown the second they launch doesn't mean Blizzard are handing out the keys to the servers. Also while New Light players won't have the campaign, but they'll still have the New Light access to Strikes/Planets/Crucible/Gambit. Personally, I don't mind Private Servers existing for games. I used to play on one for RF Online way back when. But they only really work for *actual* MMORPGs, which Destiny is not. But with monetization being so present in games, there's even less reason for companies to give away the server files, paid or not. Give it a good honest think; if you were in the shoes of say the lead developer, would you hand out the server code? Factoring in things like profit and data privacy &amp; security
&gt;I actually meant player funded servers hosted by Bungie I apologise for mis-interpreting your intent. The way you wrote it implied they would give out all the server files for players to host their own private servers. My knowledge of Private Servers for MMOs comes from back in the day of all the unofficial servers people from the community host that are either 'MMORPG with no corporate authentication (aka pirated)' or 'we want to do the things without other rival players killing us' Please tell me though, because I'm honestly quite curious now. How many Private Servers out there are actually hosted by the devs as side-worlds from the main servers? Aside from WoW Classic, how many have the First couple of year's worth of content instead of being up to date? &gt;Bungie have the money to run secondary servers running classic D2 Not denying that at all. But after the outrage that came from Curse of Osiris' launch splitting the community, Bungie choosing to split the community as you suggest would be a poor choice. They're trying to keep us condensed together to help with queue times, hell that's why Gambit and Gambit Prime are getting merged together, it's not popular enough for both to exist. New Lights are meant to play with Premium players, the general assumption is the NL player has a premium friend guiding them. We even had different playlists depending on which expansions you owned for a while before Forsaken came. It pretty much came down to "be up to date or good luck finding a team" &gt;Also new lights won't have access to strikes or planets because the majority of those are being removed. New Light players are screwed over by the changes, that's a fact Not as much as you're assuming. When New Light was introduced, they flat out stated that Strikes, Crucible, Gambit, Patrol zones, and any content from Year 1 will be freely accessable to them. Yes, they will lose access to a large portion of their available content. So are the paid players. But don't go spouting about "they wont have any strikes" when that is flat out false. There will be content for them. It will be heavily reduced. The available % will be low for New Lights than Premiums, but that is already a fact just from the existance of expansions and season passes. At this point it is basically just pressuring them to buy expansions Given Destiny doesn't do Cross-play (Cross-save's global save file is not Cross-play), if they had 2 separate servers, one for New Light, and one for Premium players, it is unlikely they'd have it so New Lights can play with Premiums. Doing so would also split the community in half for each platform D2 is on. It would split PS4, XBone, Stadia, PC in half &gt;Also your extreme was a straw-man and you know it I literally said, *"Let's take it to a ridiculous extreme"*. No shit that's not gonna be a thing that would end up happening, and if it did it was be a far off outlier. That is what I meant by "ridiculous extreme". What do you think I meant? &gt;And I never talked about reverse engineering, or modified drop rates, or any changes at all actually. This is due to the misunderstanding from my interpretation based on what you wrote (instead of me reading what you intended). Sure, while many private servers will run vanilla, there are just as many running modded. Tons of private servers advertised on listings with "n times boosted drops!" and such, to the point that it is very normal among private servers. And many of those private servers, if not all of them, that contain the *full game world* are reverse engineered instead of being given out by the devs. That's just how it works. The need to reverse engineer is assumed if you're talking about private community servers to contain a game world, and not just a PvP instance (like crucible) Ultimately though, this entire comment chain is pointless. Because Bungie won't open Private Worlds-hosted-by-Bungie, and they're even less likely to open up server control to the community.
By split the community I probably should have said players. Like physically splitting across disconnected servers. And don't worry about the salt my dude, it's easy for impressions to get muddled from text alone Legacy and Main as 2 separate ones to hop between would be interesting. But to keep Legacy minimally managed (to keep with the reason that stuff is going) they would have to be totally isolated where you can't carry things between. Legacy would ideally be a demo server where you upgrade to the Primary server on buying anything. It would be great if we could cross-save between Legacy and Live, but at best it would need to disable use of everything we have that is newer. Guns/Armours/Shaders/Sparrows/Ships/Emotes/Emblems/Finishers, all that good stuff. The more connections between them, the more it would need to be managed (particularly given Telesto's notoriety of breaking in some manner). If it's too much then there wasn't any point separating them anyway. Also I had a brief look around with WoW Classic, because I was curious what kind of updates it gets. Looks like it's unsurprisingly getting game patches, on top of what I assume is content slowly rolling out. I don't play it but if that's happening then WoW Classic might actually not be the best example as it looks like that's gonna end up being a second run through the WoW expansions. I know I'm coming across negative on all this. Don't get me wrong, I'd love for a way to keep all the old content without punishing consoles for having slower storage devices (their load screens are quite long from what I hear), but realistically as a way to reduce server overhead Legacy servers would go in the opposite direction, even if its frozen at a point in time there will still need to be *some* amount of managing going on to ensure it's all stable. Which would be more than if they only looked after the live server
Bungie devs have literally said that working with the destiny engine is a pain, way back in D1, and it only got a minor facelift for D2. (Since they seem willing to make small changes to terrain now) I'm not saying I'm ok with most of the vanilla stuff. Believe it or not I too like having a lot of activities in a 3 year old live-service game. But the fact they had considered it and are going forward with content cycling for the game to make it past year 3 indicates it's horrid to work with at a large scale though. COD most likely runs with software that is designed for handling having lots of small maps, one big map (warzone), and single campaign piled into it. It honestly wouldn't surprise me if the size of a single cod map was comparable to one section of the EDZ
Geckromancer sounds like someone a little too obsessed with the Gex series
Swarles Bartley
gotta dodge those loading screens yo
for the non-warlocks reading, don't forget that you can shoot the sword to break the super
and that's basically why they wont make all of them pinnacle drops. they dont want players to smash up their light level on old raids to then whelp the new raids
Patrol Zones on all planets are New Light accessable. While you wont have the Y1 planets aside from EDZ and Nessus, you'll be gaining Europa &amp; Cosmodrome too
New Light has all the planets patrol zones, just not the meat of them (the campaigns n such)
100% camera angle and perspective. likely some field of view shenanigans too since that video would be at least 6 years old
The trick is to prefer winning, but accepting you can lose too
Some of them never tried to get OG Thorn and it shows
say its a prank all you want, they're not gonna believe it. they'll just accept it as a prank to move past the awkwardness
Life, uh..Finds a way
well this got kinky real fast
Donuts can be fabricated to feature extra holes if you want to be picky about it. Humans, if sufficiently distorted, can become a toroid, with the mouth-anus passage becoming the central hole. You don't even need to factor in the other holes unless you decide to construct a donut with a urinary hole alongside any head holes.
by learning a different song? how did people eat sandwiches before sliced bread
if you sing a tune that slowly goes through the alphabet, except for LMNOP where everyone rushes it, then yes
Come to Australia and you'll be very aware of sunburn
"optimism, I like it" - your brother
Did your cousin beat you off for it
Honestly, that pants/trouser thing is you poms being weird fuckers. Don't blame the colonies for calling "something worn under clothes" underwear/undies
16 year olds can be kinky too
Lance Arcstrong
That's what my dick said after every scene with daisy ~~in those shorts~~
[this may help you](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Undergarment)
A seizure isn't only caused by visual overload though.
ah sweet. im running android so ill have to try that
you are correct but you missed the point. They should have a dedicated slot for anti-champion rounds, and should always be able to use all the anti-champion rounds. Unlike currently where only certain types of weapons can take certain types of anti-champion mods. For example, last season Autorifle had Anti-overload rounds, while this time they have anti-barrier rounds. Take the Black Armoury weapons for example. They have a dedicated slot for weapon Radiance, even though there's only 1 Radiance type in the game that can even go into that slot. There should be a slot similar to that, but for anti-champion mods instead. This way we don't have to get rid of one of the many other gun mods just to play against champions. I liked using Rampage spec with Breakneck, because it was fun to use like that. But it meant I could never use Breakneck with champions in play without getting rid of Rampage spec (which by extension made the gun less fun)
"it's GTA, everything explodes" \&gt;gets to the end "Oh.."
Kids be giving their dad snark by saying "I've been deeper inside your wife than you'll ever be"
could just plop an artillery, annihilate the base, then mop up with the tank
military science uses red ammo in vanilla right? if so that makes this more upsetting
I added a soundpack mod so when the power fuel gets low a horrific evacuation alarm blasts across the planet
oh my god the assembler sequence is brilliant
***At this time of day, at this time of year, in this part of the country, located entirely within your fridge‽***
well at least we've got a real TIFU post!
sounds like you're looking at the wrong listings!
my life changed after i discovered [The HU](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=v4xZUr0BEfE)
Here I am just using a Bluetooth speaker on the dash lol
You can see what you're fighting for, and the ultimate threat brutally close, with an intentional slowdown to bear witness to the full might of it. It is one of my favourite moments in destiny. Sepiks prime fight and dreadnought dick pistons are 2 of my others, with vault of glass as my favourite location
I want it to be like that sequence from Spiderman: Far from Home
on Scourge of the Past you're carrying a lot of orbs too
you had me at Mongolian reggae
my man!
Keep in mind you may be looking at D1 with rose tinted glasses. because there was plenty of levelling agony back then as well. Shit like engrams giving lower rarity than they dropped (exotics turning into purples) as well as the diminishing returns on infusion. Or even the fact that each expansion had a handful of strikes instead of just making one big list. (admittedly not directly level related, but experienced a lot *due* to needing to level up) By the end it was in a good spot, sure. But it easily had its rough moments.
&gt;got EVERY SINGLE DROP "this lucky fucker" &gt;as an energy weapon "I...I'm so sorry"
[or this](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YUWq_aBiE_s)
except D&amp;D is a world where you can have countries that have slavery as a totally legal, normal, and ok thing to do though. It's a classic way to get on the Paladin's nerves depending on what kinda oath/alignment he follows
now that's a hell of a session
would depend on the GM
that's what he's telling you... you said the PC's were bulgarian, rather than saying the players were bulgarian
***NOT THE GAY AGENDA!***
It's not hard when we're a super isolated state in a super isolated country. this is just the first time it's paid off for us
gonna have to start calling them lynchguard
now to change my models into gangsta crons
good god i have some interesting episodes to watch
Got a friend playing as Beast in our coop campaign, Beast joined the party as a Battlemage so some melee and some aero magic. He's been double dipping in STR and INT trying to make both strong but it hasn't really been going well damage-wise, it's just caused both to be kinda mediocre. After spending some time playing with different stat configs it feels better to be focused on just one of them. My suggestion would be if you want to use melee and magic, put your points focused into melee, with only enough points spent to be able to access the spells you want (so 1 Hydro to access healing). But not raising your INT for them. Use the spells that give a support benefit rather than their actual damage output. So use hydro for healing, frost armour, wetting/freezing enemies or the ground. Use aero for blinding, speed boosts, or shocking wet ground. Maybe use polymorph magic that alters your form. I'm a new player too, only just got off Fort Joy's island. But from what I've seen with our party comp (4man coop run), you want to focus a character on a particular primary attribute (STR/FIN/INT) instead of spreading across the others, with CON/MEM/WIT being raised as required.
Who knew we could just exchange money for goods and services!?
Worked for me when it came to not getting attacked by magpies because I wore a helmet with sonic all over it
just use throwing knives with max fire rate, mag size, and concealed explosives. defense dude can solo sorties with those bad boys
throwing knives, concealed explosives, max fire rate, mag size, reload speed. dude will solo the sorties for you with that
pretty sure his mum isn't a professional chef
the American version is carefully constructed because people like drama. Check out his Kitchen Nightmares UK and it's like night &amp; day
"why would a company want to try to earn more money than they already do?"
*for the most part* is the problem bit though.
If you wanted annoying words to pronounce you shoulda used Gnangara Road. At least that one has a silent letter
it's a literal pronunciation so you're not as far off as you think
Wait you have to hire cars for driving assessments? Holy shit I'm glad I used a parents car when I got my license (this was around 2008/09)
Ah cool, cheers. And now I have a word to use for those rare times 'cunt' isn't appropriate, in assuming that's more or less the English equivalent
Drink the right amount and you need to pee in the morning bad enough it'll get you out of bed
Plus side, if you're sick just hope for a bad dream so you sweat out the illness
I come from the land down under^dark where women glow and men plunder
blood rushes to the noggin making ya think differently. nothing to it but it can be a bit of a rush for the northerners
I'm impressed that the controller cable melted but the other hardware is still good to go. If it was enough to burn you through a controller it's gotta have damaged other stuff too!
