If a gay player was the star of Roma, the clubs popularity would certainly dip in certain countries.
"Shy" and "humble" Messi..
If Pep insane, he is pulling an Adam Johnson.
It's been like 4 days. Get a fucking grip. Any operation that involves over 30mill generally takes AT LEAST that long in the real world.
Fucking Emenalo, clueless man
I guess I do need to use the /s afterall
Taller than Azpilicueta
Lol they saw Yerry Mina in a couple training sessions and now they like..
Val-de-Marne is one of the richest enclaves in Paris area
Criminally?!? What an insult to those who have been abused. Just because something is not a federal crime doesn't mean it can't have harrowing effects. Most forms of psychological abuse are not illegal by the letter of the law.
Your children and savings
My point is that just because something isn't illegal doesn't make it any less important or negatively impactful on ones life and well-being.
Calm down boy
You
"Lets tune in for the SKY BET championship.."
Add title to the list? Or is author trying to hard
You can tell Portuguese education? Never heard such crock of shit. Please don't make him out to be some exotic wonder just cause he spent some of his youth ata non-english club.
As a business student, the man is a fookin' legend.
Wait is this for real or is there a simple alternative explanation lmao
Imagine supporting a team called Revolution lmao
&gt; a team called Revolution
Not FIFAs fault, the window is 3 months and you still turned your work in late.
&gt; Nobody benefited and a players career was hindered in the process With your logic, it doesn't matter if the work was 14seconds late or 14 days. If they came to FIFAs office in the 15th of September and said hey we want to transfer this player Silva who is being frozen out by Sporting and he wants to play for us. In this scenario, "everyone" benefits from him leaving, but the point is that deadlines are deadlines. Rules are only as valuable as the authority from which they come from. Legitimacy of authority is rooted in consistency and precedent, without those two things any ruling body is not worthy of respect and is practically a sham.
The transfer deadline serves a pretty clear purpose, not sure what your on about. Again, you have to draw the line somewhere and stick to it.
They are all different players, none are close enough of each other to be considered lites honestly. The connections seem pretty forced.
And he won't hit his prime likely for 5 more years. FIVE. That is insane to me. Like a player can learn so much in that amount of time, like entire careers are built in that time alone. And he is already an immense part of the City setup and improving. 50mil for that potential is pennies.
Tolisso is already at Bayern though right lol
He's Brazilian. Also a more defensive player.
It's seemed that all the Brazilians we have had in our squads against Barca play out their skin. Just a laymans superstitions
Hold my annual salary contribution to charity, I'm going in!
Mourinho told me he has a poor work rate though..
Everyone does it
Diversify is never good for a footballer. Let him play his game, in his spot, and excel. There are thousands of other players who want a career in that position already
Why? Am I missing a word play or something?
Ok? Seems like a normal sentence to me. Which part was the great journalism, I'm still a bit confused sorry
Yes, they are replacing Kompany with another 23 year old. After a couple years you can only have so many young players before you won't have to keep buying some each summer.
Nope. Mourinho is.
Kid: "Like he did with his mom? Oh wait... He got her killed."
“Surgery”
Why don’t you just put all that energy into being a pro then?
Are they the thing that look like rib lines? I’m new sorry
Sorry man, I am not quite following your reply. The picture though seems to mean yes to my question?
Being a shit coach at developing players isn’t something that’s the players fault. Bailly or Lindelof would probably be worldies with Pep. He made Delph a top player for ffs. Imagine if Mourinho was tasked with developin Delph, he would throw every toy out of the pram.
And where has decisions like relying on Young as your main LB left you under Mourinho’s reign?
Mourinho thought Salah, KDB, and Lukaku weren’t good enough to develop and recommended the club sell them.
We talking about practice?
Absolutely ripping Mina a new one here.
I’d definitely put Bosingwa before Henderson if we are talking about starters
Because their city actually loves them regardless of how well they do. A lot of fans are envious of that support and shit on Leeds because of it. They would much rather Leeds be self-loathing like QPR and Newcastle.
As a Chelsea fan currently living in Leeds, just my observation!
De Jong is NOT generational. People throwing that term around way way WAY too much.
And his fiancé
Van Dijk, Salah, Fabinho, Milner and Robertson 100% would be more important
Klopp is a coach of men, not wannabe teenage fortnite gamers. He would never center the responsibility of a systematic overhaul around an erratic and immature player like Greizmann.
David Luiz?
He’s 95, I don’t know how much he cares about making a buck.
Mbappe is one of the most overrated athletes in sports history. On his good days, he is a poor mans Zaha. On his bad days he is Bosingwa as a striker.
Lindegaard should hire you
I would say they are bad. Based off the facts and reality, there is no reason to suggest that Serie A has better defenses than other top leagues in this day in age. La Liga defenses are just as talented if not more so.
How many CL have Italian teams won this decade? Madrid and Barcelona beat other teams by large margins because they are that good. Tell me more about these Italian defenses that can barely make it out of the group stages.
That’s why sponsors like Adidas sometimes help the clubs financially with these transfers if they can A lot of money to be made.
5 away from the record, I believe.
Lol what? Those things make no sense together Your using to many variations of good/great in your analogy
Yes, overall the analogy makes sense now. I do disagree though. The first part I agree with about defenders, but for attackers I was always under the impression that good strikers don’t need any system to be good? Like you can throw prime Suarez into any team and they would score loads of goals.
You gotta end that cut man. It’s been too long. You have made great progress, just do a lean bulk for 4 months and shoot for a 10-15 pound increase. Then cut another 25 pounds. It’s slower progress than you probably want but there are no shortcuts on this grind. You will get to your desired weight eventually
Oh okay I got it
The minute you learn that Amy was a pageant girl, you will understand. The whole girly drama, behind-the-back talking, and idea that she \*must\* get along with everyone (even if its fake and surface level) is ingrained in her blood. &amp;#x200B; She just cannot wrap her head around the fact that Lucie is a tomboy type and doesn't subscribe to Amy's way of life and friendship. Lucie just wants to have fun, workout, and be silly. Amy wants her to huddle around the beanbags and stir drama. You couldn't have found two girls who are further apart. &amp;#x200B; THE ONLY PROBLEM here is that when Lucie seems to get the fact that they are different, but Amy doesn't accept who she is and is trying to change her to become someone like her. Everything we have seen is Amy bullying and manipulating Lucie to change her actions and behaviors. Why should anyone change who they are to please you? Lucie during all of this has never insulted or done Amy wrong. This whole situation has been started and continued by Amy because Lucie chooses to spend time with other people.
I think its the other way around. If you actually look at the body language its clear that Danny is trying to connect with Yewande and actually has some interest in her. However, Yewande gives absolutely nothing back, has no chat, and is in no way seductive or initiates any flirty banter. Yewande seems wholly unprepared to find a romantic partner and if the rumours that she hasn't kissed a boy in 4 years are true then she needs to leave this show. She doesn't really give off any personality and im unsure if she just expects guys to be attracted to her because of her looks/body?
She will immediately start stirring shit to the rest of the group that Lucie should leave if she cares so much about Joe. 100% calling it now. Even though she voted for them as being a weak couple to begin with.
I remember hearing say earlier in the season that it was years since she kissed a boy or something along those lines. So I might not be too sure on that point She also started Uni at 16 which made her different from the others
Family, friends, agent, and personal staff (like assistant, business manager, etc)
I would love to see him coach Spain. He can help them rebuild out of their current rut.
He actually is pretty high body fat for football. He doesn’t have abs
Exactly, almost all these couples will break up in the real world. She doesn’t get that. It’s a fucking game show and people who stan her bend the rules of this place to justify how Danny is no more fake than any of the other blokes on here. Do people think Jordan is wooing Anna with his charming personality? Or that Curtis found the love of his life in Amy on day one??
Of all players. There is a reason Juve wants him badly lol. On his day he is the third best fullback in the world
She is immature, boring, a brat, plays games with Danny, sulky, passive aggressive, terrible attitude, and no chat or humour. Is *that* enough reasons??
It’s crazy how Yewande “fans” project so hard that Yewande is so ugly that no handsome bloke could ever fancy her so therefore Danny must be playing a game. And everything he does is just an elaborate scheme of faking affection. Y’all are some twisted people. The only one playing a game here is Yewande by turning on the factor 50 with Danny as soon as her place in the villa is threatened.
She 100% deserves it. One of the most immature and fake contestants on the show. &amp;#x200B; She sees Danny chatting with Arabella. "Oh, Im going to sit on his lap and be affectionate for 3min and then come back guys." to Amber and Michael. What a fake calculated human being. &amp;#x200B; Imagine Lucie needing to say that about Joe or any other real couple. She is just not a good person and has no real love for Danny. Literally using him as an object and her ticket to stay in the villa.
More like: &amp;#x200B; Day 1: No affection Day 2: No affection Day 3: No affection Day 4: No affection Day 5: No affection Day 6: No affection Day 7: No affection Day 8: No affection Day9: No affection Day 10: No affection Day 11: New girl comes in that fancies him Day 12: Yewande shows affection Day 13: Danny thinks "Is this affection genuine?"
Idk. Most people are not that fake, shallow, and emotionally immature. She reeks of someone who is romantically inexperienced and has an underdeveloped personality. Probably due to her being 2 years younger than her university class, graduating secondary school early, and being a bookworm. Regardless though, she is NOT normal. Most normal people would probably just come across as dull/boring and fail to be in a relationship. AKA new Tom.
Her mistake started with never giving Danny a chance in the first place. She is desperately trying to fix a broken bridge. No relationship should EVER be that hard in the beginning. That man seems stressed just being around her now.
What type of guys sees Yewande's personality and says "Yup im attracted to that"???
Imagine staning someone because they said they were a scientist in their 30sec intro and consequently ignoring all of their behavior and actions for weeks
No she was in a 9 year relationship and a 2 year relationship at the age of 28. She just isn’t experienced being single.
Willian loves to score goals when the game is well over
Name a stand after him
It’s his attitude, he is trying too much. If he acted the same, but didn’t get too invested about trying to get a girl, he would be fine. People find those who don’t try too hard attractive. He just needs to be a little more natural about the grafting
FULL REBUILD
Prime Marta would run circles around Kerr. Make her look like an absolute child.
He can do it on a mildly cold evening in Munich. Does that count
In S1 they would show couples fucking on *top* of the sheets. The show has become a lot more prude due to complaints
I partly agree. The only way you could think Danny was faking interest in her is if you believe he doesn’t find her attractive. If she looked like Lucie no one here would look at his actions in the last week and think they were anything but genuine. The whole Danny’s been faking it from the start conspiracy is a projection from Yewande fans based on her looks. Hard truth.
Putting looks aside, he has had more natural conversation with Arabella in 30sec than he has had with Yewande in days. It’s clear as hell they are more compatible on personality alone. Yewande acts like it’s struggle to talk with him about anything.
I wouldn't ever be that rude even arguing with the wife, let alone someone who I have only known for two weeks. She is acting way out of hand. There is no realistic context on Love Island where that is acceptable. &amp;#x200B; Just look at how mature and calm Danny and Arabella were.
Danny isn't crazy, but he is being a bitch by not being straight up with Yewande. He should have ended it the day before Arabella came in if we are being honest. That relationship is far gone.
Umm what? How much things should two people have in common in order to date lmaoooo They have the same profession (model) and the same hobby (fitness/boxing). That’s already more than 90% of happy couples
They were also just a great couple. THEY ARE STILL TOGETHER. One of the most successful love stories of this shows history
Black twitter identifies with her.
They were never exclusive. I don’t think it’s fair for any islander to leave for another person u til they were AT LEAST bf/gf. I think it’s a pretty good outlook to have going in to the villa.
If Yewande was white and Arabella was black Twitter would be loving Danny’s choice right now. And they were would be a dissecting of Yewande’s exit behavior and an explanation on the privilege one needs to expect someone to save them when things clearly aren’t working.
It’s not about owe or not, it’s about having standards for yourself as an adult. Having grace, maturity, and standards is something you do for yourself. Not for others.
Can’t remember exactly what Curtis said but it was by far the worst.
Getting paid to surf competitively
We only see 1 hr of a 24 hour day.
What? Boring mature intelligent conservation is the last thing the producers want to show. They want drama and people becoming emotionally invested in sides
Unless unseen bits is 24 hours I don’t understand. It’s still 1 hour of 24 hours. Most conversations don’t make the cut
They weren’t even exclusive what the fuck. This is gett g crazy, they knew each other for a couple weeks and had problems
5 I believe
They said they were half boyfriend and half girlfriend, which still isn’t exclusive
Why would the base line assumption be that because of the edited one hour we see, they must not have intelligent conversation? That’s just strange A more reasonable expectation is that if they both seem to reference it, it happens outside of what is shown on tv..
Arabella and other girls cried too. It was just cause. The speech was so over the top deep
Just like Yanny? It’s just a nickname
Mainly because Sam acts like a girl. Doesn’t count as a lad
LMAOOOO
They weren’t even boyfriend and girlfriend. What the fuck is wrong with you
I like how “unpopular” opinions pop up after certain islanders stop getting screen time. Amy gets limited screen time for a few days: DAE THINK AMY IS NOT SO BAD?!?1?
People the other day were seriously trying to be edgy and argue that Reddit is as immature as Twitter. No we are not.
You seem to just not like Anton. No point in disguising this question post around that
He’s moved on mate. He said that because that’s what he thinks. Yewande said the same. I don’t know what else you need to hear. They both have been livin with them for weeks and your just a random redditor watching tv.
There are no death threats on here so idk what you mean. It’s not even close
Ain’t gonna work. No mainstream type of banter. America is a melting pot of too many sub cultures
Did you just say compared to rest of La Liga *probably* not? Are you taking the fucking piss
Thats my point mate. There is no “probably” about that statement. They are definitely stronger than all teams outside of Barca and Real.
Not anymore
Whipped
Anton is a logical man and took his own feelings out of it. I respect it. He wanted to respect all the couples that had something and Maura at the time didn’t. Even though he is closer with Maura.
lol not at all. Yewande had a decent body but this girl is way prettier. Also, they are both good looking people and this girl is literally a model. What’s up with the whole “100x better looking” shit. I feel like your feelings are a bit deeper than looks...
A striker who has only scored 4 professional goals. Lmfao
Leaving the Villa is NOT expected unless you found next level true love. People keep throwing it around for no reason
Soooo Danny, the model, is in the show still with 6 new girls. And the salty girl who he played and the new girl who he spent making out with for a week are the two that are dumped. What karma?
Wait why would him getting less votes make it different? Less votes means you get voted out. They didn’t make it seem like he got more
I thought you always vote for your favorite. Like the vote that week was for your fav islander in each couple.
What about love island usa?
Arabella is hotter than Yewande and everyone knows it. It’s Love Island, Danny really didn’t do much wrong. They weren’t married.
I’m team Maura so I really don’t give a shit how far Arabella went. I do give a shit about people harassing islanders on the principle of actually participating in Love Island though. Yewande lost her man to a better girl (in his eyes). Live with it.
Never seen such bitter energy in a Love Island history than the Yewande stans this year. Unreal.
LOL she is so disoriented and in state of shock. This was such a great genuine reaction. I think they won’t even be able to fully process it until they get a nights sleep. Everyone in the villa thought those two were coasting to victory. Curtis will have to know now there is no point in faking the relationship anymore since it isn’t a ticket to winning. And Amy will become erratic as she tries to prove to everyone that they are literally the perfect couple. Either they will be the first to have sex (hideaway or not) soon or Amy will ask Curtis to be her bf. Meanwhile Curtis will contemplate jumping ship to a new girl. Mark my words.
Because Lucie had nearly every guy after her in there, is the prettier version of Amy (blonde white girl), and won’t fall under her thumb socially. For a girl like Amy who is insecure and wants to be on top of the pecking order a girl like Lucie is literally kryptonite. It’s her worst nightmare.
The real reason is bc Amber is secretly sad it wasn’t Maura. Maura is the leader of the alternative girl group. Amber knows it would have been better for her clique for Maura to be dumped than Arabella who is still a nobody in the villa.
Lmao, it’s hilarious you think people are stanning Arabella. Most people here don’t even know her surname let alone anything about her personality. It’s the principle people care about. The girl who came in and stole Yewande’s man could have been any bombshell. The whole point is that regardless of who it was, they shouldn’t be harassed for turning Danny’s head. It’s quite literally the premise of the show Yewande signed up for.
You said bye and kept replying. Who is the one that’s pressed? Calm down and take a breather sis
You said bye not me. I’m here all day to chat shit
She is. Look at her ig. Terrible person she is.
Anna and Jordan were more of a couple than Yewande and Danny ever were.
As a POC, agreed. Honestly, Yewande, Sherrif and Samira from these last two years are not THAT attractive compared to other potential contestants all over the UK. Ovie, Jourdan, and the other girl are all much more fit. The recruitment team has finally stepped up.
Jourdan is. Her height might be an issue, can’t tell how short she is.
LMAO exactly
Well he is single? Why wouldn’t he lmao
Which episode did she reveal it in? Or how late was it? I feel like I missed that part
She took Yewande’s man and her pathetic stans can’t get over it. They project themselves onto Yewande so when she lost to a prettier girl it was as if they lost too.
Toliets
What do you do for back
Yup. Curtis is the only one with an actual reason to stray. He knows from the public vote that they aren’t liked that much and found out from the twitter challenge that it’s likely Amy bringing them down. If anyone strays it’s him.
Curtis wants to eat him
M I N D G A M E S
It’s in my opinion that he ruined Cole and Terry’s careeer longevity by at least two years. Forced them both to play through injuries constantly. Terry was taking injections every game at one point. Mourinho calls that being a warrior, seems more like irresponsible to me.
Mourinho is toxic in so many ways.
Your a fan. You can be mad all you want. He’s the manager, he needs to act with more maturity and foresight. This is why SAF and Pep will always be a tier above him imo.
Edit: At the highest level and at their absolute best
Yet when people ask what makes SAF the GOAT, it’s his career with United. What he did with Aberdeen has no weight to what makes him legendary, it’s merely a side note at this point.
Was he really that bad?
He also managed Spurs
There has been at least 1 every two days this year
If my boss held me to a different standard than my co workers just because I’m Brazilian I’d be fuming. Stay professional and don’t tie our job to our ethnicity. What’s so hard with Brits understanding this?
That’s exactly what’s happening. How can you say “Moyes isn’t holding him to a different standard” when that is EXACTLY what Moyes is saying. That’s like jokingly saying to a black player on your basketball team, “Hey man play more black, lets get some more points!”. STOP tying our ethnicity or nationality to our jobs. Jokingly or not. Get that out of your mouth. Stop defending it too. How hard is that to fucking understand?
Are you David Moyes? I swear, the way you are defending his statements and acting as if you are inside his mind is baffling. You are literally defending him by explaining his actions in ways he isn’t doing himself.
Cheilini exists
He just trens hard and eats clen. What else do you need to know?
Yeah, their one absolute star player who went for a record fee is exactly representitive of all young attackers that went to Atleti in the last several years. Give me a break. And drop the /s and own your sarcasm, jesus.
What goal posts am I moving? I’ve said attacker from the beginning. You are the one using the term forward. You are absolutely clueless.
You used the term incorrectly as soon as you started quoting me with it in regards to moving goal posts. As far as young vs old, almost all of attackers signed by Simeone were still in the early days of their career. Only notably Costa and Mandzukic have been a veteran signing. And given that this is a thread about Lemar, the fact that I used the term attacker, and the fact that I used De Bruyne as an example MIGHT have led you to understand that I am not exactly talking about target men strikers.
That’s not how it works. You won’t just magically get a higher fee because you want to, every team wants to.
If Zaha is done, then they have to sell.
Then his performances will go to shit and so will his value - as is already happening. Palace isn’t the first club in the world to be put in this situation, much bigger and richer clubs have been forced to sell their players in similar situations.
Again, I don’t have to defend this point, it’s something that has constantly happened in football at much bigger clubs than Palace.
Wu Lei scored and Messi was invisible.
And Manchester United
I’m living in the 20s actually
Lifts?
How old was Gabigol?
So he was 21at Inter then?
You need to cut
Routine and lifts?
Never used Discord but why do people always downvote? Is this a common malware spam or something with these links?
Routine and lifts?
Not just a scout, the worst ranked scout in their scouting department. It’s like buying the 3rd reserve goalkeeper from the treble winning Barca squad and expecting them to lead you to glory.
Jesus this man just has the worst luck
Fucking embarrassing
Most injury prone player I have seen in quite some time
Every defending midfielders role requires tactical fouls, it’s part of the position. This is the most bull shit I have heard in years Next you will tell me Peps wingers are systematically told to dribble and cross, and his forwards are systematically told to shoot the ball once in the 18... Pep invented football
Just like Kane
But tbf, he was free. Imagine how much you would have had to pay for his transfer from another top team. Especially given that he is English..
Goal scoring is one of the hardest things to just learn with time... Imagine how many fucking strikers, whose entire purpose is to score goals, fail to ever reach a 1 goal per 2 game ratio. These are people who trained all their life, were probably the best of the best of the best growing up, and can’t score consistently in a top league. (Literally the majority of strikers in most leagues) You don’t just learn to score goals over time just because you age. It’s an it factor that you just need.
These comments are getting ridiculous. I cannot wait once Liverpool slip and fail to win the title again. It’s inevitable but will be much sweeter this time around.
Ole
Actually checked and thinking of someone else entirely, my mistake. It’s not Pogba, it’s Martial.
But we don’t know which is which
Those too
Ole is a potentially world class manager being held back by uninspired and poor quality players
In that way he reminds me of prime Ribery
They will loan him, with an option to buy, then not buy him.
I doubt Azpi will interact with randos on his insta
Calves take forever to grow though. Famously a weak muscle to see size changes in
Imaging thinking the guy put up against Ronaldo had no defending to do.. You think they trusted Alves to pocket him on 1v1s if he didn’t have world class defending abilities? Nothing you said holds up to his record against top players that he has shown he can handle with ease.
Teams generally adjust their strategy around Ronaldo so no one defender has to 1v1 him. Dani Alves wasn’t protected by any unique change to tactics against Real Madrid, he played as a classic RB against the best attacker in the world not on his team. And pocketed him. Thats how good he was.
What do you mean? Obviously the defenders and midfielders help each other, it’s a team sport lol. That’s different than setting up your tactics differently than usual to double up on a specific star player. Which is almost always done against Messi and Ronaldo. Barcelona famously never changed their structure against Real Madrid, leaving them with huge counter attacking gaps and Dani Alves 1v1 routinely against CR. Almost no other teams would dare treat Ronaldo like that, but Barca was always confident in Dani Alves being able to hold his own on that flank.
This but unironically
Or nepotism got him into the club and not not merit
Well Pique has had his best stretches of performances in the last few seasons in correlation with periods of huge success/milestones for his businesses. As a coach, that says enough. Barca have the right idea here.
I didn’t realize he was one of the best CB at five years old. Barca scouts really know what’s up!
Why does it come to surprise to everyone that well off fancy execs prefer to live in London with their families instead of Manchester or Liverpool?
That’s what people said about him as a player, then he didn’t become the next Guardiola, he became Xavi.
Barcelona does that
It’s because rich successful business people, some of whom are not British, 100% want to live in London and not some other city in Britain. All the bigger PL clubs have offices in London.
Nothing you posted refutes what I said. My suggestion isn’t cute, it comes from actual knowledge from working professionals I have come across in the football industry in the city. Football clubs are a business and if you want to retain/attract the best commercial talent you need offices in London.
Good night! Keep reading newspapers from a decade ago to inform your life!
Oooh that seemed to hit a sensitive spot. Hey buddy don’t worry 2010 isn’t the worst year to be stuck in.
Good night
They own like half the club. A bunch of socios memberships are tied to random empty addresses in the city owned by Saudi backed investment companies.
So the real question is how fast was Adama then?
You are forgetting Vasquez. Unironically.
Why would you base your opinion of Hazards time at Madrid off of his Chelsea performances?
Ronaldo to Juve. ...wait that is even too unrealistic for FIFA
Real men have dry skin
Reminds me of Ramires from Chelsea when I see him
I don’t understand, Inter, PSG and Barcelona are all legitimate clubs. The only way trophies count less is if you won them in the Estonian 7th division or something. Being a bench player doesn’t discredit your trophy haul in these rankings tbh
Rashford is a poor mans JLingz
They are both going to Chelsea
He ate Sanchez like a can of beans the other day
The man bun is back!
In a few training session Quique has instilled more of a Barcelona philosophy than all of Valverdes tenure. Valverde isn’t fit to coach a U12 team in the 5th division.
BBCP
No but I would have taken the source to at least take themselves as factual. When you editorialize a title like that, it seeps in extra doubt because it seems like the source itself was doubtful of their statement. Do not edit title headlines when you post. This should be a simple standard rule..
I don’t care how much you don’t know or don’t trust the source. The word apparently completely changes the title from an assured one to a doubtful one. That is a editorialized decision by the OP. OPs should not be editorializing any titles, end of story. Either post what was stated or don’t post that source at all.
Arguably the best squad in Serie A
People have lost all common sense these days. Too much scientific thought processes in fitness now...
He’s like the Ronaldo of playmaking
The top three top three all have Hazard. Goat.
You are a plastic employee. Absolute mercenary who doesn’t give a shit about the logo.
Less than Sterling LMAO
Forget 50, Keita was involved with nearly 100% of their midfield drive.
He’s closer to 23 than 22.
Could you imagine a player like him at a club like Barca? Barely any room to run.
He was extremely underrated when he was here. He had a few kinks in his game, but broadly he was a rock at defense and an excellent distributor with that little bit of forward vision from deep. He’s one of those high game IQ, high physicality but poor dribbling types.
This is advanced level memeology
Just like Douglas
Could be the next VVD easily
Best player in the world. He keeps doing it. Three different leagues.
And Messi joined the underdogs? Or was he drugged up since he was a teenager with HGH improving his agility to non natural levels?
Pochetino embarrassed him and his family. He detests the man.
Vincent Kompany happened
Just like their manager
Yeah, but have you seen his shot? Not pretty.
Yes.
This is an not a communicado. This is an Official Communication. This is Woodward energy.
Even some beginners can’t do that
He’s talking anout a different Mike
Kroos is world class. De Bruyne is world class. FDJ is a midfielder.
Being younger doesn’t lower the bar. World class isn’t relative, it’s a hard bar.
The difference between Messi and Ronaldo
Your a Dortmund fan and don’t know clipboard Jesus?
When was that the case for Ronaldo?
He bulked up a very normal amount given the time frame. There was nothing in his body transformation that would suggest PEDs or steroids were necessary.
This report that points to that direction? And the human growth hormone he took in his teenage years for medical reasons? Yes, he needed to grow more because he was stunted, but HGH doesn’t know what “normal” is. It just keeps elevating your bodies growth and performance past its natural level which is the entire point of PEDs.
What on earth are you talking about? Clearly clueless. Injuries have nothing to do with whether your body is enhanced past natural levels, in fact, most PEDs cause more injuries for atheltes who spend a lot time running on a field because of increased muscle mass.
No instead he just has super human acceleration and coordination and explosiveness on the turn that almost no player on earth can match. But but but trust me guys, it totally has nothing to do with the performance enhancing drugs he took for medical reasons in his teenage years that would directly effect every single on of those attributes...
Saying Reus is good ok free kicks in 2020 is like saying Ronaldo is still a top free kick taker
Best two man midfield. Great in attack and defense
Is a frame like this good genetics or not? I never seem to understand what frame means, excuse the english .
Onlyfans
Not injury risk, only rehabilitation time.
It’s better not to be praised than be praised by Pep these days. Imagine a team of the most praised players by Pep. Dante in defense. Grealish and Redmond on the wings. Foden in midfield. Lmaoo
He is a genius level tactician, he has a beautiful mind but no people skills. He’s the mad scientist type
They are related..
Imagine thinking the largest club in East Germany doesn’t have a fan base..
They are all Soros agents spawning out of DC and flying to every city in America in hordes Fox News and Infowars have sources who told me so
I have a tiny mood
I feel really bad for that last guy that got stuck inside and tried to run around. There is no other entrance at that location so he’ll probably be the only one arrested by the time he realizes and has to come out
Out of all the things wrong with this country, from income inequality, wealthy and elite tax evasion, systematic racism by police, corporations running politics, broken justice system...etc.... For me to get angry and worked up about some guy running out of Best Buy with a $40 blender would be shameful.
Imagine seeing a corporation like Best Buy, seeing how little they pay in taxes compared to how much they make in profit, and then complaining about the “karma” of a looter getting away with less than $100 of goods. It’s clear the people like you have a hidden agenda because there is no world in which corps like Best Buy have good karma after all they have robbed from the IRS.
The only reason companies like Amazon can make billions of dollars every year but pay ZERO dollars in taxes is because they have paid off politicians to ensure the law works in their behalf. Yes, robbing a $40 blender from a giant Corp is technically a felony. Yes, corps escaping paying billions of dollars in taxes every year is not a felony. Unless you believe our legal system is perfectly just and free from corruption, you are insane to use that as your compass for what is “right”.
The matter of fact is that Best Buy has collectively robbed this country of billions of dollars in tax evasion like many other corporations over the past several years. No amount of looting in even one day by the public will ever recoup that amount. Unless you disagree with anything I said here, there is zero reason to feel bad for Best Buy.
Well comparing $10k looted by public to billions of dollars isn’t exactly eye to eye. It’s like comparing an eye to a half a strand of hair. But agreed, no point in arguing.
They might this time
It’s more likely that the United camp leaked this one
This is what happens when Klopp gets so arrogant he thinks any player will suck his balls to play for him. If you never make an offer and try to pressure them to keep running down their contract, eventually they will just take the next best offer.
Pulisic striker, Hudson and Werner wings. Ziyech, Mount, Jorginho midfield. Pace and power.
Kante at RB until Reece James is up to scratch.
Damn, a guy can’t have an opinion? I don’t try to tell you how Ajax lines up
Imagine thinking a club that has played Hazard at center forward, Kante as an attacking mid, Azpilicueta as a center back, Moses as a RWB, Essien, Ramires and Ivanovic at RB, Zouma and Luiz in CM, isn’t fluid and flexible with how they deploy their players This isn’t FIFA, Pulisic can interchange with the front three, same with Werner. We also have a track record of playing midfielders with stamina at RB if we want more attacking midfielders down the center in tighter games.
Lmao, not at all. Do the logic and sum up the annual cost. Now look at the figure, think about how important a celebrities appearance and hair is to them and compare that to their other expenses. It 100% makes sense in the context of a celebrities spending. And it’s really not that much.
Footballers have to adjust to a different life style, but I guarantee you they will always be able to afford a personal barber on call. The price of frequency of haircuts will never dramatically change. It costs like 40-70k a year to have a personal barber on call. If that’s a priority to you as a celebrity, all you would need is even 1m shelved away in a savings account in retirement and it would pay for itself while still making you money. I don’t think you understand how wealthy footballers like Sancho will be by the end of their careers. He will easily make over $100 mil by his mid to late career in total earnings, at a minimum if he keeps progressing.
99% of footballers never make even close to 10mil a year in their ENTIRE careers. Sancho makes more than that in a year. Comparing the financial situation of guy who is in the top 0.0001% of his peer group to the masses is ridiculous.
I don’t understand, which part has to be justifiable and why to anyone but him? It’s a personal decision, if his personal decision is that that specific barber is worth hiring all year round and he can afford it that is all that matters. I don’t get how people on Reddit don’t get this. Celebrities spend hundreds of thousands of dollars and designer clothes and other accessories with no resale value all the time, but spend 50-70k on a barber and suddenly people get rustled.
Lmao, the celebrity lifestyle is 100% more sustainable than you think when you consider the amount of wealth players like Sancho (top of his class) can generate. You would be shocked by how little B-list and certain A-list celebrities make in Hollywood who get by just fine. Seriously, think of some decently well known actors and search up their networth or most recent film contract, you will be very surprised. Players like him who can generate huge amounts of money in their 20s are basically super stars.
Michael B Jordan at 28 got paid 2m for Black Panther. Sancho, at 20, is being paid 12m a year on his undervalued Dortmund contract. People really have no understanding/perception of how much more top footballers make compared to well-known Hollywood celebrities. There is an obscene amount of money in this sport.
Are you saying that Hollywood celebrities have a less lavish life style expectations than athletes? Your moving the goal posts when I keep laying out the facts. Top footballers (top 10-20) of the most recent generation of retired players have shown no indication of going bankrupt or losing wealth.
Wagon
You really going to pretend like Cancelo flopped? Your own team is even trying to buy him lmao
You are actively trying to bring him to Barcelona. It doesn’t matter what the financials of the transfer value is. You can’t say a player flopped when Barcelona is going out of their way to acquire him.
Read the comments wording again
What do you think paying for crimes means? When someone says “you will pay for your crimes” do you think that the person speaking is telling the criminal they should pay themselves??
I’m so sorry you feel tired about getting called out.
Dani Alves and Jordi Alba too
A lot of athletes go broke once they retire
Roman has experience robbing the people of Russia. Let’s not sugar coat it because he owns our favorite club.
The difference is Man United isn’t buying Sancho off of City, Liverpool, or Chelsea.
He plays just like Zion
Come to Chelsea
If we purchase Ziyech, Werner, Tagalafico, Kai Haevertz, and Sancho this window that would be so productive
If his name was Mai Mountinho everyone would be thinking of him in such higher respect. He’s been pretty much bossing it in the PL in his first season while at a top club and he can only improve. Kai had the benefit of getting generous play time with Leverkusen to build up his experience, and even then it’s not like he’s the best midfielder in the league or anything.
Same with Pogba
You mean Drinkwater
Is it that bad? You mean the one where he is just glancing off to the side?
&gt; We’ve all seen Mount play all season. He’s a good young player but he goes disappearing for many matches, he hasn’t been able to find too consistent form yet. In general he seems to be properly rated on here Ohhh boy, I sure do have some news about Kai for you..
This is who Tekashi was snitching on
Because white people have scientifically been proven to want to hire other white people? Not sure why some people on r/soccer keep missing in the elephant in the room. The biggest obstacle is white privilege
Imagine being a reserve youth player on less than 2k a week with no education and high career instability (might not make it as a pro) and you need to take a 50% pay cut for your billionaire owner
Sarri is a literal cancer to Juve, he is 100% a Napoli agent intent on bringing down Juve from inside.
The problem is that Dybala is a scorer that can also play creator, whereas Ronaldo is a creator that can also play scorer. They overlap too much. Dybala wants Ronaldo to turn into pure playmaker but Ronaldo wants an Ozil.
There are youth players called up in the first squad. And “voluntary” just means that the whole squad agreed to it, but doesn’t mean that there weren’t players who caved into pressure from the rest of team.
Not really If your career only lasts for a few years
A lot of youth players don’t make it pro for a lengthy career whether because of skill, mentality, or injury.
People are really sleeping on Masika
While tweeting you constantly, giving you more marketing for free
Lol Manchester United about to buy the French Diaby
That midfield would barely make it out of the championship lmao
Not at all, none of them had proven anything in a top league back then. You can’t be a top tier talent unless you had at least one great season in a top league.
That’s what happens when you no longer have 6 hour NBA practices anymore
You know why..
How do some ppl bulk so easily damn
Lmao, why would someone stop being a talent?
Not at all. You have a wrong definition. The likes of Mbappe and Sancho are considered among the biggest talents in football today. Don’t know what you are talking about. You are thinking of “prospect”
This is what happens when your exec is *literally* a casual Chelsea fan. As much as people hate Woodward, this is why I think the business people should be those who don’t care much about the sport. Much easier for them to get down to business and “care” enough about their employer when they have no fav club.
I know, it’s embarrassing
Wasn’t he pursuing part time graduate studies at Harvard while at DC United? I’d reckon he’s smarter than 99% of people in this thread. I don’t get why he gets trashed so much just because of his physical appearance.
Exactly. If the others didn’t drink themselves out the job and focus on the sport properly, they might have gotten an argument, but ultimately longevity and consistency is most important and Vidal has shown both in his career so far. Who was better at their peak is another question
This is the exact attitude current fans have now about our big signing rumours... “Sancho is too expensive, let’s get X and Y player for less”
It’s because they are both underweight
The Kai rumours are only recently. People have been saying let’s not get Sancho for much longer
We are in War Chest zone
PSG has a history, people like to convientely forget. Their best player ever, Ronaldinho, is greater than anyone Arsenal has ever produced.
I’d rather Chillwell and Sancho, no Kai or Said
COLLUSION
And Chelsea is one of them
London &gt; Munich, new experience of PL &gt; same old BL, more money &gt; less money Where am I wrong?
How is that risky? Isn’t that what they call it?
Chinese dollars of course
Felipe better than a Real Madrid defender?
Imagine thinking Real Madrid players aren’t stars...any single one of them could demolish my Sunday team with one leg
Depends which countries are in their group tbf..
Or just don’t study and focus on work
Too much time on Apex and Fortnite, not enough on watching Messi
Signing fee...
So we never do it, except when we did it last time, and then this time? Sounds like we do it..
Again, you seem to be needlessly excusing the fact that we have already done it and are doing it again. Sure, was the club put in an awkward position due to circumstances both times, yes. But that happens frequently in this sport, whether it’s because of a stadium, fines/penalties, loss of CL, debt management, no club is always in a position of strength every season except like Bayern. There is a regularity to the sum of irregularities if you look across all clubs. There is always a reason we might want to extend a players contract if we really need them. That’s why we cannot say we NEVER do it, because we clearly do if we feel like we need to.
We can absolutely count Willian because we already offered it. Whether he takes it or not is beyond the point. And this whole “how many years before Luiz” is pointless because it’s not like we have some storied past about not doing this for decades. In the grand scheme of things, this was a more recent effort which we clearly were not able to stick to enough to make it a legitimate pillar of our club.
We are talking about whether it is “unprecedented” to offer a player a extension past one year. We have already offered that for both Luiz and Willian. I don’t understand why we are talking about something being “unprecedented” when it’s happened twice. This is just ridiculous
Sick Socks
Can’t believe the 6lack forums already cracked the password, these guys literally spent the entire day lmao
&gt; So if we put Luiz aside for a moment I’m sorry mate, I simply had to stop reading here. We are going in circles. You can’t start giving me a lecture on what precedent means and then literally keep ignoring the precedent. It already happened with Luiz, and now it’s Willian. There is nothing unprecedented here, let’s move on.
Willian isn’t the precedent LMAO. Luiz is!!! How much more clearly do you need to hear this.
Yes, both statements are correct. Unsure what the point of your reply is. We HAVE offered contract extensions to both Luiz and Willian. Luiz came first and set the precedent. What is wrong with you?
Nothing about what you said about Luiz stands. You entire point was to put aside Luiz as if he didn’t happen.
That was a big boy hit. Welcome to the Prem, Eric.
Exactly, after this, I feel like he needs another chance at PL football. At least another season with the club, on his day he is brilliant
Sneaky flex with the Gucci collar
VAR is a person not a technology
ANNOUNCE WERNER
Old Town Road 2020
Tapping up
&gt; In professional team sports, tapping up (British English) or tampering (American English) is an attempt to persuade a player contracted to one team to transfer to another team, without the knowledge or permission of the player's current team. This kind of approach is often made through the player's agent. Straight from FIFA regulatory documents.
Someone said that the most notable member of the community is a goalkeeper
He’s desperate to join us. His childhood idol is Cech
Doesn’t Camboxford sound more natural?
what?
Disgusting club
Top 5 LB in the world
They are already browsing Haaland, Sancho, Hakhmi, and Brandt for the future. For them it’s like a shopping mall. They pop up every couple season and buy the best pretty thing so they can win their 22th league in a row. Half the time they don’t even buy, they just tap up so they join on a free
He’s closer to a 200mill player. 90m? LMAO. That gets you a Kai Havertz these days. Not the best goal scorer in the world of the next generation
Haaland is worth more than Sancho
That’s not what I said
I said Haaland’s worth is closer to 200m than 90m. Sancho is worth 130m. I then said Halaand is worth more than Sancho. You do the math here..
Why does Dembeles worth now have anything to do with what I said? Dembeles worth when he left Dortmund is the only thing relevant to a discussion about Sancho leaving Dortmund. You are way off.
Ok? Borussia isn’t going to sell him with only 6months? Why are you creating a valuation based on this? No one pays for young talent based on their rimmedite results but instead their potential Otherwise João Felix would have gone for 30mil
Underrated comment right here
Did not expect both him and De Ligt to flop like this one season in
Kante isn’t a French name
He fucked Serena Williams and Jlo
Pulisic’s family is American, despite the heritage of his name originally. Kantes family isn’t from France
Yes, and the judge who is fucking Kante who literally tells you in a video that your wrong is who we will listen to
Then listen again
I heard he isn’t too bad of a player during his time in England
Messi scores goals like this all the time. You would kidding if you think this goal would have been top of the year. Like that is just ridiculous
Match fixing
He is finally out of Ronaldo’s shadow and swimming on his own
Raheem was much more talented than this dude
This goal is the result of shambolic defending, he barely deviated off his original straight line sprint This isn’t top of the year if Messi did it. This type of run is more luck than anything, which isn’t how Messi dribbles. If the second defender put in any effort into his tackle he would have stopped the run. Like seriously, pause the video, Guedes is already completely falling over before he gets to the second defender. If that man had any composure whatsoever, he would have collected the ball
Messi doesn’t score these types of goals because he doesn’t try to YOLO a straight line sprint while falling over, just to get lucky 1 in 100 times because Osasuna defenders just give up the laziest tackles. Seriously, this goal is 50/50 dreadful defense and great run. Should never have been a goal though. This really isn’t a Messi type goal and I don’t why we are even discussing it as a potential top of the year..
Fair enough!
American athletes usually take the gym seriously so not surprised. Good news
It’s because they are close friends
Yeah, and physicality wasn’t a problem of his the Bundesliga. Here in the prem it was a problem suddenly. And within a season, he changed his gym approach to get better physique. That’s a very American mentality. Many other athletes in the prem have came and adjusted their game style or other attributes instead of changing themselves through the gym. Focusing on bulking is not a very normal football mentality. Adama Traore, Ronaldo, and Lukaku also come to mind as players with similar mentalities on their fitness
No it doesn’t. If a rapper came out and proved they fucked Beyoncé in the last couple years Jay Z would be clowned for ever lmfao
BRO IF SOMEONE FUCKS YOUR WIFE THAT IS A BIG FUCKING DEAL. This isn’t some young vs old shit, or some new school vs old school shit. This has been a fact across all of life. I dunno what your taking about my guy
50 is a billionaire
He’s own Vitamin Water and Coca cola
They could easily sell him to a top team for 50m+ in a year or two. Great business
Don’t disrespect Atleti, they are a top top club
He’s better than Eden Hazard was at his age
Plays like the best goalkeeper in the world on his day. Incredible buy as a rotation option from Ajax
Hazard went for over 100mil
Hot take but Joe Hart will be seen as the better of the two keepers at the end of the day. De Gea was overrated because his peak happened after Hart was on the decline + Hart is English so people won’t stop clowning him If Hart was Brazilian and named Hartinho he would probably be looked upon differently. Like someone said, most golden gloves in PL history
Doncaster Rovers, typical
Their scouting department clearly can’t afford the DLC to view black players. We should start a gofundme for Burnley
Phil Foden vs Dante
Like Robben
Mourinho and De Bruyne have left the chat
Don’t be greedy, he’s worth nowhere near 80m anymore. 50m max otehrwsie you are being irrational to PSG
Mexicans remember
The next Vazquez
Luke Shaw in middle, McT on left
No way Messi would ever let that shit fly. He wouldn’t be a part of that type of thing
Juicy juice time
The person who did it isn’t hidden, everyone knows who it is. The only issue is that they need the actual proof for legal reasons. He is someone with considerable clout among a certain sect of Burnley supporters
Man is putting up Ronaldo numbers
His first touches are incredible
Exactly, and they usually go by something like Ben or Alex until they give up deep into adulthood and just go by Craig. This is why you don’t see them come up
While I do think Rashford is stealing* a living at Man United, Martial did not help him at all with that pass there Edit: spelling
Most people don’t give a fuck about their jobs lmao. Do you into the office everyday with vigor?
Better than Zouma?
No one relies on a football game for anything in their life. Honestly, depending on what type of office you work for the work you do can certainly matter much more for someone’s life and health than any football player.
No lie though, dude is punching with his partner
With two ostrich feathers*
This man is too talented to play as RB his whole career. PUT HIM BACK IN MIDFIELD. I can’t believe we have an English KdB and we won’t let him be in the center
Nope, not even close. That is 100x harder chance than what I am about to post below. THIS is the worst miss of all time. https://youtu.be/SgrfQEB0XAg
Jordan could reportedly shoot pretty consistently from half court with no contesting in practice
Yeah but it’s not about running vs standing. It’s about having full control of ball vs not. And when it comes to worse misses of all time, any pro football is fair game tbh. These misses shouldn’t even happen in Sunday league.
He is a professional footballer. I’m sure out of all the skills, free kicks is the least position reliant thing someone would either be good or bad at
No finesse shots though
Because he could be an even better CM? That’s like prime Modric at RB
Ozil doesn’t get cheered for training or any of the of the 7 days of the week outside of 90min...some weeks
The truth is, we are not the club of the same stature we used to be. In order to secure the best talents in the world, we will need to overpay compared to Liverpool of City. If this is what we had to do for Werner, I’m not surprised.
Because your tactics wasted him. Also, Pique did not want any other CB to shine more than him.
There are more English speakers than French ones. Mystery solved
When you ask someone who is Barca’s defense, do they think of Pique or Lenglet first? Lenglet knows his place, that’s why Pique is happy. Mathieu was a chain smoking Frenchman who was casually among the fastest players on the team. Pique didn’t like a persona bigger than his in the back line.
What do you define as on the ball? He had a better touch and better dribbling (especially at pace). Pique was a better passer though.
He smelled the absolutely reek of trash. Zidane is bloody brilliant
Spidermanpointing.jpg
Best young CB in the world
We need to buy him fucking Sancho. If we can’t back our manager now, in this special moment, then wtf have we been waiting for as a club? We got our own SAF. The board needs to bring in Tagalfico and Sancho/Kai, and put us back alongside the Madrid’s and Barca’s of the world.
Liverpool, Chelsea, and City are the three top teams in England at this point. United is down the gutter
What test? This is a noose, by exact definition. You don’t need to touch it to see that.
Fred
There is nothing immature about dancing or smoking pot. Caring this much about what adults do in their free time, harmlessly, is pathetic and a true case of immaturity. Maturity is about taking of yourself, your loved ones, and being empathetic to the society around you. Stop using this word to dictate what you think other people should spend their free time doing based off your archaic world view.
Hey Rio, you should watch these videos of Jagielka
Knowing Tevez he’ll try to donate it to his wallet
Barca was so arrogant. They thought he was practically guaranteed so they almost didn’t even bother to show up to the initial meeting with his against
If we have to be bEsT fRiEnDs to have an opinion on anyone’s statements, we could only criticize a handful of people in our lives What a dumb take
Who is we all? And why would I know what your missing? I was pretty well upvoted before the replier above made it a controversial statement I realize some newer fans are less familiar with Carlitos so I just encourage them to do their homework
They are both itch
Ronaldo with another “assist”...all he needs is a penalty now
THIS is the start of the decline. Holy fuck, I never thought I’d see the day
Penalty
Different eras, the differences between decisions were not as stark back then
Paulinho, Witsel, and Igahlo have proved that the Chinese Super League is absolutely a high level competitive league. These guys came from that league back to Europe and all didn’t even skip a beat in terms of putting in high level performances. I think people really really underestimate the competition over there
Pulisic, Mount, Tammy, with Jorginho and Kovacic feeding balls. Then when the defense is tired, fucking Ziyech and Werner come on. It will be an insane attack
Given your trophy record, I wouldn’t be proud of that
Mate, he’ll be going to Newcastle next year cause no top team wants to touch him. Stop blaming Barca, he peaked early in his career
Neither Ziyech or Werner are Pl proven, unlike Mount. Same reason Oxlad Chamerlain and Jordan Henderson started over Naby Keita when he transferred to Liverpool.
Ok Mr. Expert you should give that advice to Klopp, since he doesn’t agree to that, as shown with his integration of Keita and Fabinho.
Keita literally came from the exact same team with just as much hype and a much larger transfer fee. I don’t know why you acting blindfolded to history This situation has already happened multiple times, there is no argument here.
Damn, I always forget how many hits French has
You have a significantly higher transfer record than us lmao. Imagine trying to shit talk Chelsea about spending money when you bought Diego Costa and Morata from us at ridiculous prices. And then bought an unproven teenager for well over 100m. Be quiet.
Was Lemar for 70m from Greizman too? Or how about the 68m for Costa? Or the 56m for Morata? Saying the 130m you spent for Felix should be ignored because of Greizman is just a cop out to escape from Atelticos ridiculous spending these last few years (to win nothing). You paid Griezman 385k PER WEEK. No Chelsea player in history has come near that type of insane wage. Additionally, you pay your manager 40 MIL a year, while Pep and Klopp make around 25mil. You pay higher wages than Chelsea, spend higher transfer fees than Chelsea, and pay your manger triple Chelsea’s salary. Please be quiet and stop pretending you are some bankrupt little team.
If you are mad because of seeing the facts and figures of Atléticos ridiculous spending, that is your problem. Chelsea spend less and win more. You have won nothing, and pay Simeone 40m a year to watch Barca and Madrid rack up trophies. Good luck, keep doing what your doing, the fans of your rivals sure aren’t complaining. The clubs records speak for themselves.
Lmao, Chelsea got lucky? Now you are changing the goal posts so desperately. It went from you can’t compete with Barcelona to well you would win but you just get lucky. Do you want to know who is lucky? Barcelona in 2009 when the only way they could beat us was to have a corrupt ref that took away Chelsea goals so they could advance. A ref so corrupt he was kicked out of football after that match. Chelsea has always had Barcelona’s number and the record shows it. Your not going to win any argument that says Chelsea isn’t successful and Atletico is. The facts simply are not there and you will just come off as pathetic and delusional
Ok, how about this. **A lot of players haven’t started better than Pulisic at 21**
What in the whiteness is this comment? Freestyles have always included pre-written. Just because YOU did not know that does not mean the meaning has ever changed.
Benz is better than Lewa and it’s not even close. Somethings are more than just goals
Lmaoo, Robben could have one leg cut off and still be the best player on this team
Roberto Di Matteo
Nope, been following the freestyle scene since as long as I can remember and it has never meant off the dome only. You are just plain wrong, again, *your* ignorance does not define the meaning of freestyle for the culture. When Black Thought performed his legendary freestyle on Funk Flex, nobody questioned that it was written. He went on Jimmy Fallon and explained his whole process writing it. So even in the whitest and most mainstream talk shows, people still recognize that freestyle means various forms. Please stop spreading this idea that people think it’s only off the dome.
Chicago could use him tho, as long as doesn’t demand insane wages
Nope, Papoose said it right, when you actually are talking about actual artists, freestyle can always be considered written. “Streets” in this literally means random people in your neighborhood. If you ask someone standing on a corner to freestyle on the spot, obviously it won’t be pre-written because it’s on the spot... There is nothing more to it than that. Freestyle has always meant written.
My friend, I think you are the one who needs to do your homework. Big Daddy Kane said it best (who came from the generation before Papoose). Whether we are talking about the 80s or the 2000s, freestyle has explicitly meant and included written verses. Denying this is just rejecting the facts and clear history. &gt; “in the ’80s when we said we wrote a freestyle rap, that meant that it was a rhyme that you wrote that was free of style... it's basically a rhyme just bragging about yourself."
He was a much better player than Gary Neville so that doesn’t make sense. He’s much more likely to be the best Zidane.
Ake has got tekkers tho, which is all Pep cares about
Imagine replacing a winger named Sané with a guy named Jack Grealish. Man, City are really going down with this
He’s the next Roberto Carlos of this generation, can pretty much own an entire flank to himself.
Looks like prime Ronaldo out there
Id much rather they reuse the designs if it keeps the prices down for us consumers Not trying to pay designer prices for every new kit
Only one of those was a midfielder, and he didn’t play for Real or Madrid. Again, you haven’t addressed my very clear claim that Real or Barca midfielders who have gone into managing have all became successful.
Imagine thinking Luis Enrique is a coaching failure, smh
Bring back Samsung, idc if we pay *them*
Now he’s doing too much..
The JABULANI walked so that the Nike GOLF ball could run
Bayern is buying Sane from City. Barca is buying Pjanic from Juve. And Madrid is trying to pickup a midfielder from Fulham.. Love to see it
Yes, a lot. They think they are making you happy though so they fight through it.
Matic carries this team so hard
