&gt; Unfortunately the rest of society just hates vegans slightly more now. Why?
Alltid någon som ska komma och ropa båda sidor som att NMR är några någon ska lyssna på ❤️
Varför vill du lyssna på nazister? &gt; Kommunister Och varför tar ni som försvarar nazister alltid upp kommunism?
Hur länge ska man lyssna på nazister? Skulle man lyssnat på Hitler istället för att störta honom under andra världskriget?
Tried googling it because I had the same reaction as you but I didn't find anything
Varför inte?
Vid vilken ålder börjar man tycka att nazister är vettiga människor?
Url?
Do you buy food at a store? If you pick non-vegan options over vegan options it's probably because of pleasure
Intent
&gt; stupidity It's stupid to eat meat
&gt; I purchase my food based on cost and minerals/nutrients/vitamins. So you eat mostly liver if you eat animal products? No steak or other fine cuts?
&gt; insects Are you stupid? Those are humans
Maybe don't shoot them
Yeah, give me a remake if that one please
There's vegan cat food with all nutrients they need
Depends what the interaction is
If they don't have to eat animals they are just harming animals for pleasure/convenience. People who have to eat animals can just be quiet and recognize we are talking about the VAST MAJORITY of people who actually can go vegan. If you and others speak up for this tiny minority who has to eat animals the rest will think it's fine to eat animals too
&gt; not holding legitimate elections Ironic if the US condemns other nations for it
Blessed be thee who change your ways in favor of animals!
Don't you want everyone to vote?
Isn't making it easier to vote combating voter apathy?
Asshole for what?
So if you ever learn something you did was bad you shouldn't tell other to not do the same mistake as you did?
Weird grudge
&gt; don't drive drunk You: now I'm gonna do it 😡
Or just go vegan. Stop funding animal abuse and the needless killing
You don't think people should get credit for their videos?
Advocating the use of animal products won't end it. But I'm glad you're vegan!
I'm asking why you would write this &gt; Excuse me, but I've said the word "please" before and you just posted the word "please" without mentioning me. Please give me credit. Do you think there's anything wrong with wanting credit for your videos?
Are you having a stroke?
So is exposing animal ag practices in many states. Very fun!
Catch and release hurts the fish lol
Are you pro-life?
The holocaust was legal too iirc
Is this just a new "upvotes to the left" format? Shitty
&gt; The “final solution”, by which we refer to the widespread murders of hundreds of thousands (in fact, millions) of human beings was never legal. It was against the law, and needed to be kept strictly secret as a result. TIL, I thought they legalized it with everything else
Classic idiot argumentation tactic 1) Spout some nonsense and wait for someone to ask follow up-questions 2) Spout even more nonsense
This put me at ease
This is top tier
You're such a classic fence sitter Norci. Let's not change anything unless we change everything
So you're basically against incremental change, like I said in my first comment? What makes no sense is being against workers rights
&gt; stupid shit Oh I see. Because you don't like marijuana you don't see it as in invasion of privacy
Have you tried any vegan mince or burgers? Should be a good replacement for those stuff!
And like, why wouldn't a blind person know about colors and racism?
Sounds like you need to try some then! 🌻
&gt; I am sure you wouldn't see it as an invasion of privacy or an issue when an employee is fired for racist shit they share on personal social media that someone brings to public. Smoking weed vs inciting violence. Aw geez, I can't really tell the difference here https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/False_equivalence as always with centrists
You allow racism and sexism under the appearance of jokes Posting on social media isn't very personal. Inciting hatred for others isn't very personal
&gt; or anyone else Yeah, the fish
Oh, it's just a policy, never mind then!
&gt; so perhaps it’s time I seriously think about veganism and stop making excuses Always feel free to message me if you have any questions about it 🙏🌻
Doesn't prove cravings, right?
Welcome, leave your blindfold at the door mate 🙏❤️
How much money did they save over years you reckon?
Reddit vegans are like reddit atheists
Being racist isn't that special
So you only cosplay with racists because why?
&gt; for saying "mean things" about trannies online That's not what the image you posted said
&gt; No, I'm talking about people who actually believe the whole "Jewish people are running the world" conspiracies On the left? Na
Because they spread alt-right propaganda
Wtf is alt-left? Leftist aren't afraid of their values
That redirects to alt-right though
Are you a vegan bootlicker or just a triggered meathead?
&gt; Bootlicker? Vegans who always try to minimize the attention veganism is getting are bootlickers &gt; I need to scream meat is murder at every moment and look down upon people that do eat it? Did anyone say that? &gt; I just think maybe we shouldn't be antagonizing people and pissing them off What made you go vegan?
Animal ag tho
Getting the message out on TV is great. Can't believe anyone would be against it. Please tell me your better ways of converting people. What's your favorite way of converting non-vegans? &gt; And the reason I'm vegan is none of your business, Why not? And I mean why DID you decide to go vegan, what prompted you?
So medicare for all would be cheapest then
Nutters how?
Yeah I see but explain why you think it's nuts
So basically when non-vegans try vegan food their bodies can't handle the fibres. When you're vegan the body adjusts and going vegan for the poops is legit
&gt; where do you draw the line? Needless killing for pleasure is wrong &gt; Depending on the country and animal housed I'd argue they have better than most pets. Lol, example please?
&gt; the fact that humans have evolved as omnivores So?
&gt; Strict diet and overall they have it pretty good. You're wrong or a liar. I'm an animals rights activist in Sweden and I have been to farms and I have seen the footage. Farm animals in Sweden DOES NOT have it better than pets, that's just propaganda spread by LRF and Arla. They live shitty lives that can't even be compared to an animal living as a pet &gt; I can give you more examples if you want, such as how pet owners probably have no clue what the law says about their pet Oh right, so you are just talking about in the face of the law, doesn't seem to be a very good faith argument then. Farm animals are killed at a fraction of their lifetime after a horrible life. Sure, it might be legal but saying they have it "better than most pets" is dishonest at best You non-vegans will lie about anything to keep up your shitty lifestyle
&gt; Why can we not compare them to pets? A pet is kept for company, farm animals are kept and killed for profit. The difference is like having a foster kid and a slave &gt; Much like how I would never listen to the likes of Djurens Rätt I understand, because then you would have to change &gt; Cattle have it pretty good honestly. No they don't. They live in their own filth and are killed at a fraction of their lifetime. Who would want that life? Who wouldn't rather be a cat or a dog? &gt; Pets also live a horrible life in the typical household. But CATTLE HAVE IT PRETTY GOOD 😂 what courses did you take lol? &gt; Feel free to point out where I have been lying You say broad stuff like "farm animals have it better than pets" but it's just based on some semantic point. It's as unethical as lying
&gt; I can give you a link to one of their missleading posts if you like. It should take me a min or so to find. Yes please &gt; Something that I could agree with after actually visiting farms and reading up on the laws and seeing how they are constantly bettering the housing for the animals. What farms? I'd love to go there and see it for myself. Also the laws do nothing to protect the animals, look at this for example: https://www.expressen.se/kvallsposten/projekt-ska-stoppa-brutna-vingar/ it's been going on for over a year
What's misleading? Is it not legal to do that?
&gt; Honestly I can not remember the names of the farms. I wish I remembered one in particular because they are open for visitors. Weird, no one ever remembers the utopian farms they've been too &gt; Where did I even claim that the laws help protect the animals? Sorry, I read it as you mean they are working on better housing AND better laws for the animals &gt; Cattle in my opinion have it pretty good Would you wanna live like cattle? Why? Why not? &gt; Animal welfare in Sweden is something that we really care about as the laws are always improving, but as a slow phase If someone really cared about animal welfare they wouldn't eat them
&gt; Yes, I would not mind living like cattle Great, when can you start? &gt; If someone really cared about animal welfare they wouldn't keep them as pets either Do you have pets? &gt; Especially not pure breed pets as they as bred towards looking cute and people could not care less about their welfare Agree, there's tons of pets up for adoption that live shitty lives that one could make better
The underlying issue is that a majority of people don't value animals lives. You and most don't see any problem with killing an animal for pleasure or convenience. No wonder pets have it bad. But they do NOT have it worse than farm animals. If you're against pets you should be against farm animals too
https://www.livsmedelsverket.se/matvanor-halsa--miljo/kostrad-och-matvanor/vegetarisk-mat-for-vuxna
&gt; The link clearly says that you need supplements. So now you know, then what's the problem? Edit: Oh, I re-read, is something inherently wrong with supplements?
So it's convenience to trust some vague memory over doing any research Here's a good source on how much supplements to take https://nutritionfacts.org/2011/09/12/dr-gregers-2011-optimum-nutrition-recommendations/
&gt; I want to know the LONG TERM effects on taking supplements, not how much I should be eating. What happens if you don't find any? Will you just stick to the norm?
Yeah because you won't stop eating it, duh
&gt; potentially scary Lol, pure fud. Vitamin e is fat soluble, vitamin b12 isn't. No worries.
&gt; I will stick to a proper dietary plan until I get definity proof that it is safe. Every major health body might be wrong, right?
Weirdest far-right strat
&gt; to butcher themselves Yikes, is the Donald here?
Turns out he hates trans people. What a surprise
Create open tools for activism. I did one for outreach videos
https://foroutreach.com/ It's so you can download videos and play them back offline when doing earthling experiences
Thanks, fixed!
We run vue storefront on top of Magento, helps a bit!
Yes, kinda. https://www.vuestorefront.io/
Mtgow lol
Democrats aren't left though
Motive
&gt; I laugh at holocaust jokes What's funny about them?
Bootlicker comment right here
Why?
This will probably stimulate the economy though, right?
It's in the name, conservative
Change how? I'm already vegan
It doesn't say about the method used on that page
Why not? I'd rather ignore them than just regular old animal cruelty that you profit off. What's the method?
Yes, feed me. Copy it from the pdf
Okay so screenshot it &gt; Learn to think more critically and not blindly follow the masses. Lol you eat meat because some arbitrary reason about supplements, don't talk to me about being blind. Fuck the profiteers like you
&gt; Just look what happened after I gave you the information about Djurens Rätt It wasn't on the page. What are the methods? &gt; Don't forget to post our convo in a swedish vegan group on facebook where people can have your back Is that what you'll do in your group for people against supplements?
&gt; stereotypical vegan Do you think you're not the typical meat eater who blames something arbitrary like supplements to keep harming animals?
A smile and a nod always gets me smiling
The difference is what they are doing with it
What happens when you grow up? You stop caring about others?
So the right are people who took from the common fund but doesn't want to contribute when they make money?
Ah yes capitalism where you step out of society to form a family separate from the rest of us
Bing it
Can you give an example?
I mean like when are feelings and critical thinking diverging? Usually it seems like it's just racism that makes old people right leaning, and that's not critical thinking
&gt; they took our jobs
So what has it to do about?
Fuck off, self-proclaimed rationalists always turn out racists
&gt; Kan vi inte ha ett starkt försvar och vara respekterade internationellt, men ändå inte kriga? Kukmätartävling med andra ord
&gt; Don’t be too hard on yourself though Fake caring personas are just pathetic dude, grow tf up
Self-fulfilling prophecy amirite
Racist logic: crimes are up, must be immigrants Grown up logic: crimes are up, must be this shitty economic system we have that pits everyone against each other
Fuck off rightie, you're the reason the world suck
So you're not a rightie? Lol
When has that ever happened?
You've triggered the paid Monsanto shills &gt; it'S A bIt moRe CoMpLIcaTeD thAn thaT
Why would normal people flock to defend a shitty corporate entity?
It's only ever when Monsanto gets shit on. Go away shill
Oh wow so you might not be paid by them directly but you still tout their horn lol, without getting anything for it. Let me guess, all your knowledge about Monsanto comes from reddit comments made by shills
&gt; Im obviously not a paid shill That sounds like something a paid shill would say. What's the reward you get for defending this company?
Care enough to defend them in your "own" time, shill
I'm not attacking you, if you take this as an attack you might be paid by Monsanto
&gt; Because they're in the right. No one cares about shitty companies enough to care if they are in the right. Monsanto probably has had tons of input on how the laws are written. Just stop shilling and get a life
Why else do you care?
&gt; Without copyright, no R&amp;D would happen, and no progress would be made Man I'm glad they invented the copyright before the wheel How obvious can you be that you are paid lol?
&gt; I get the feeling you are either quite young, or have no technical or artistic skills Man I get the feeling you ain't no Sherlock Holmes &gt; Modern development is too expensive to be undertaken when you see a market for something Sounds like it should be state owned then
Yeah I'm a double agent for Big Shill
&gt; the actual truth Yeah, that Monsanto wants to do good in the world 😅😅😅😅😅
Fuck mjölkbönder. Dom våldtar kor och stjäl kossans barn
&gt; vänsterrumsrena forskarna Vad är en högerrumsren forskare? Någon som baserar all sin forksning i att kapitalet måste flöda?
Lol who's the programmed one? 😆
&gt; I could go on. Please do. Why only 300k?
&gt; center-right. That's generous
Source?
I don't argue with programmed xenophobes
Jag frågade vad högerrumsren var för att förstå vad vänsterrumsren skulle innebära. Förklara pls
Is global warming a hoax in Australia or what's the deal?
Fuck off, education should be free
&gt; I've seen people move from center to right and it is a depressing sight That's classic rightwing, act like you move to the right
Shut up boomer
&gt; men ökade koldioxidhalter har ingen bevisad bidragande effekt Källa? Googlade och hamnade på nasa som sa annat &gt; att islam är en lika hemsk ideologi som nazism Detta som är högerrumsrent eller?
Different from shopaholic or just rebranded for our time?
Yeah holy shit. I have some older versions called mighty muggs or something. I can't believe I bought them. It was so hard to get them too lol
https://youtu.be/24it09IQUJA
Why wouldn't you?
Why not nuxt? Haven't heard about gridsome, will check it out
So you wouldn't contribute to society if you didn't have to, am I reading this right?
Because educated people benefit society
Sad way to look at the world, only in economic output
&gt; Everything in our world revolves around economy and war. Because of the economic system we've chosen. It doesn't have to be that way
&gt; free to choose not to work and be destitute as a consequence This is not a choice
"Participate in this system or die" is coercion
Risk of what?
Anyone who posts a post like this are probably against LGBT
It's like "I'm not against pride but it's going too far!"
You can do either with nuxt
Maybe something about not appreciating the journey? Might be a reach
https://www.businessinsider.com/meat-loaf-goes-vegan-but-says-he-wont-change-his-name-to-veg-loaf-2020-1
Who will pay for it?
All farming of animals suck you apologist
I've never seen so much bullshit to justify animal abuse.
No, it's just dog whistling from homophobes
Yes, that's how it is. Because they all say the same shit and can never expand on it while asked.
Holy shit, lions eat their own kids, do you think humans should start doing that too? Lions also rape and murder, do you think that makes it moral? &gt; Face it you are a loser. You eat animals even though we don't have to. You're an animal abuser ergo the biggest loser
Depends on who you ask I guess https://vegan.org/certification/
Template?
Be active comrades 🏴🏴
When is PragerU not wrong?
Vegan icecream is amazing
&gt; getting monetary compensation for doing it. Exploiting people in need of money
It's just feel good bullshit
They are though, they are still killed against their will when wool production is down
So add raped yearly to that list of shitty stuff in your life
&gt; if you agree too Yeah you can just chose between fucking ugly dudes or die
Why is it always "lib" people who wants to buy sex?
Yeah, they rape them
Why is it not rape? I've been to about 100 farms, how about you?
I bet you drink milk lol
What's the difference?
That's what I'm talking about
&gt; the dairy industry would cease to exist Hopefully soon so we can stop this endless cow rape and torture
Why not? Buying consent lol
&gt; nobody is holding a gun to your head The alternative is to starve so kinda
&gt; Tell me how an animal consents? That's my point, you rape them anyways
It's not possible
Yes. Since you only agreed because of money
Are you arguing that impregnating someone against their will is right?
Lol, ignoring the fact that the farmer made the cow pregnant in the first place
This is not consent for what the farmer does
Fuck off, librights are so ignorant. "My money" lol
Holy shit, because money is made up and used as power. Centrists...
&gt; sounds good to me Then why even have a lib tag lol. Centrist
The farmer rapes the cow so he can steal her baby and her milk. After a few years (and a few pregnancies) her production dies down and she is sent to slaughter. Imagine supporting this industry
Doesn't justify us raping them
Call it something else if you want, it still fills the criteria of rape and it's wrong. Stop abusing animals
&gt; I bet you don’t even know how AI works I do. The farmer fists the cows ass. &gt; You act as it cattle have any concept of consent Their understanding of consent is irrelevant. Infants haven't got it either
&gt; Nature does lots of fucked up things to survive. We CHOOSE to do these things for pleasure or convenience or traditions, not to survive. Also comparing animals to plants lol, shows how bad faith this argument is from you
Spelar väl ingen roll, ingen förtjänar det
They're not friends because they're more than that
No, you can chose to not breed animals &gt; I go to farmers for information on farming, rather than YouTube. I suggest you do the same. Tell me how it's done &gt; Where did I mention dog fighting? Because the animal can't consent it should be fine according to you
Kränkt?
Do you know the purpose of this subreddit?
&gt; You know that’s not gonna happen. Irrelevant, still makes it wrong &gt; There’s really not much to it. Except the farmers whole arm up the cows ass. &gt; There’s absolutely no need to sexualise it, that’s gross. No one has &gt; There is nothing cruel about breeding animals for food. Obviously it's wrong to enslave, torture, and kill someone, no matter the purpose &gt; Wild animals have far worse lives than their domestic counterparts. 100% irrelevant
Finns vego
&gt; By who’s standards? By anyone who thinks about it with themselves removed from the equation &gt; See above. Are you saying it's right to fist a cow if you don't get a boner? &gt; Nor is using an animal for food torture Have you ever even been to a farm? These animals live horrible lives &gt; Well, you lot DO like to tout nature as being the best way an animal can live It's irrelevant because it's a false dilemma, once again
&gt; The hell’s that supposed to mean? It means, try to imagine this behavior towards animals without you gaining anything from it (dairy or whatever). Would you say it's right to subject animals to this treatment? &gt; Is sticking a thermometer up a dog’s ass sexual assault too? Do you think that's comparable? Have you heard of the concept inferred consent? &gt; They’re actually quite good. What does that mean? They live on concrete floors most of their lives. That's not "quite good" lol &gt; It’s only a false dilemma to you because you think we can just stop breeding domestic animals. Technically we can so it's a choice. You can choose to not participate in it for example. &gt; Sorry, but that’s not how the real world works. Lol, so basically NEVER CHANGE ANYTHING. What a fucking centrist worldview
&gt; Having seen &amp; learned what I have while at college. I would still say yes. So raising animals, separating them from their families and ultimately killing them at a fraction of their lifespan is justified? Holy shit, you must really be addicted to cheese or too close-minded to accept that everything you do isn't morally right. &gt; They’re both medical procedures Only from our perspective, one if to help the animal, the other is to exploit the animal. It's not that hard to see &gt; Just because they are on concrete, doesn’t mean they’re being abused. Lol, boomer justification &gt; Communism is technically possible too, doesn’t mean it has worked in practice. "I won't stop contributing to animal abuse because I don't think everyone will stop" &gt; Are you gonna stop badgering me? I'm not badgering you, I'm just showing you how terrible your PRO ANIMAL ABUSE arguments are. &gt; Or am I gonna have to block you? Centrist confirmed Imagine supporting animal abuse and also taking your free time to defend it online lol, small dick energy
Where's the key sent from, the user's browser?
&gt; You clearly have no idea how animal agriculture works. Cattle can get 20 years old. Dairy cows live until they are about 5-6 years old (that's when the milk production drops). You're obviously the one without any knowledge. &gt; It’s not exploitation. Both help the animals in different ways. How does impregnating a cow and taking their child away help the cow? &gt; The dog hates the thermometer more than the cow is bothered by the hand. Now you are just making stuff up to help your argument. Bad. &gt; Y’know, AI exists for dogs too. Y'know, I'm against that too. &gt; For the last time, it’s not abuse Would it be abuse if you were put in the animals position? &gt; So defending farmers supports animal abuse somehow. Gotcha. Yes, these farmers abuse their animals. Glad you are catching up. &gt; That’s rich coming from someone who hasn’t stopped badgering me all day. Don't act like you can't just walk away any time, no one is forcing you to make up stuff to defend animal abuse. &gt; Also, I’m female Let me guess, not a feminist since you are here defending the exploitation of the female reproduction system?
If it's over https it should be fine. I would use the `Authorization` header. https://security.stackexchange.com/a/120244
People are protein addicts
&gt; But yknow.. that's what you have a husband for normally. Following the norm is such an auth-right thing to do
Bethesda is basically rage comics
&gt; maybe they're also lying to you that Trump is bad? How is kids dying in concentration camps not bad? Give me the trump logic
Yes.
Vegan food requires less land than we currently use
Who refuses?
Nice way to 8gnkrw the question
How does she do more than a city vegan? Rural people contribute way more greenhouse gases for example, and if she's exploiting bees too...
Pigs are worth more than cops, they deserve better than this
Source? They're ancaps imo
Why?
All animals, go vegan!
&gt; but it’s still funny What do you think is the funny part about "one gender" jokes etc? I don't understand
The nazis privatized Germany for pennies on the dollar to the capitalists who funded them
That's just the selling point. See MAGA
&gt; Bro I'm trolling Lol, backtracking
Conservatives jerk off to strawmen
I bet he is though
Basically what these men hope for in women
Can't believe people crack up over this dumb shit
Why?
Ban all racists
Loser
&gt; Why is racism bad? Because it's arbitrary discrimination and oppression. Why do you think it's good?
"I have to see everyone's team shirt so I know if I like what they type or not" - all you chuds in here
&gt; culture The only culture you have is slurs lol
You don't think arbitrary discrimination is bad?
Ancom
Make that a 100%
When?
Why would you want to do that?
God bless capitalism, really gives us the best possible outcome!
Why communists?
/u/nwordcountbot /u/btmims
Examples?
Why be racist when you can shut the fuck up?
What is sparked out?
Only among the alt-right, and who gives a shit about what trash thinks
&gt; because the US has been throwing money at blacks for decades So there's no economic inequality in the USA? Maybe you should also read about institutionalized racism as well
"Scientific racism is a pseudoscientific belief that empirical evidence exists to support or justify racism (racial discrimination), racial inferiority, or racial superiority." And lol, white people smoke as much weed as black people
&gt; they're still choosing to break the law. But black people get punished harder are more frequent. Ignoring and then using statistics from that isn't right. Why be racist when you can choose to not be?
Ok boomer, go lick some boots now
&gt; people should be free So what's with the statistics, what's your goal?
Cool
Rollback means going back in the history
&gt; A lot of people truly don't give a shit about anything other than themselves. So why have a system that rewards that behaviour?
&gt; we just need to convince enough people that animal agriculture is immoral These companies will do anything to stop that from happening. In Sweden they are calling for harsher penalties for activists who enter farms to expose them. They run an insane amount of ads on how good swedish meat and dairy are for the climate, without it Sweden would die! etc
Sweden is built and was made great by social democracy which is socialism lite. We could have been a socialist country today, sadly capitalists made sure it didn't happen when they killed Löntagarfonderna
&gt; we'd end up just like the other socialist countries coup d'etat by the CIA?
The right doesn't care for art or culture
&gt; but I have no reason to believe the same wouldn't happen in a communist society. Why? Capitalism rewards this behaviour, socialism does not since
That's us lefties
How would it?
Shitty diet?
Oh wow, thanks for the explanation, I just thought they kept it in their mattresses
Basically concern trolling, why you sucking up to billionaires?
It's called concern trolling
They would always work to undermine socialism in favour of capitalism. Lock them up
They are lighting to change laws all the time lol
The chef too!
Ripsave never works for me, rip
I don't get the submarine part
How will get land with no government? Force?
&gt; every resource around you is scarce, so to avoid conflits we need the law of private property Or public ownership
&gt; hate their jobs, landlords, corporations, advertisement, the Status Quo™, politicians, traditions and boomers To be fair these things do suck ass. If we could live in a world where we didn't need these who wouldn't?
They're auth-right countries implementing left-wing policies such as single-payer healthcare
&gt; Those were people's pets/family. Is that why it's wrong to kill them? Lol
Neckbeard post
&gt; A utopia is fucking childish and unachievable as in any ideology human suffering will exist, even your own. Perfect solution fallacy!
&gt; eat your leaves Such a weird thing to say. Are they pretending they think we eat leaves?
Nej, mord inskränker t ex på andras rättigheter, zzz
En våldtäkt inskränker på andras rättigheter såklart
Maybe you just have a small head
Mental gymnastics to justify animal cruelty while sounding like a dork
Doesn't help the animal that has to die though
Wow, sorry to hear that. Can't imagine rather dying/living in torment than allowing others to have access to healthcare. How would someone take advantage of it?
Växjö kommun är nu back 100 miljoner och kommer göra nedskärningar inom skolan. Samtidigt bygger man ett kommunhus för 800 miljoner trots att det nuvarande är bra nog. Borgarstyrt såklart!
&gt; Men ni sverigefientliga Lol SD
I'm glad we lived it but I wouldn't want it again
&gt; This is such petty government overreach. If the market can't agree on standards then fuck them
911 what's your emergency?
&gt; The markets always agree on a standard What's the point when one of the biggest players isn't following it? &gt; pathetic government bureaucrats Laws that make the life of consumers easier are good &gt; Your computer is following hundreds of standards that you never need to know or care about to function and the government had no part in any of it. The reason I don't need to know them are because they don't affect me. Cables do. Weak analogy &gt; Your computer now is almost completely interoperable with most other computers because of market forces What does this even mean? Market forces did not create the internet, http, unix etc. Are you just making stuff up that sounds good?
Borgare &gt; eller vänster I Växjö sa vänstern nej till bygge av kommunhus för att man förutsåg detta. Man vill också mer än halvera politikernas löner (som nu höjdes efter att man sagt att "svångremmen ska dras åt") https://sverigesradio.se/sida/artikel.aspx?programid=106&amp;artikel=7231567 http://www.smp.se/vaxjo/sa-mycket-hojs-lonerna-for-vaxjos-toppolitiker/
&gt; You don't think the standards that allow you computer to function are important? You don't think the standards that build the backbone of the internet are important? That's not what I'm saying. The law is to help consumers. I (as a consumer) does not need to care for standards I don't have to actually worry about, unlike cables, ergo they can form over longer time. &gt; The government doesn't need to get involved. Apple
But no one calls me anymore
&gt; Är väl de flesta lagar Att detta inte stämmer
&gt; Du pratar om en enskild brottsrubricering nu Precis som du lol, det är du som har påstått att "de flesta lagar" är moraliserande och bara nämnt en (som inte är moraliserande)
&gt; FN:s förklaring om de mänskliga rättigheterna &gt; **3. Rätten till liv.** Vi har alla rätten till liv och till att leva i frihet och säkerhet. &gt; **5. Ingen tortyr.** Ingen har någon rätt att skada oss eller tortera oss. &gt; **30. Ingen kan ta ifrån dig dina mänskliga rättigheter.**
&gt; de du tycker är bra gissningsvis Haha där fick du mig! /s http://www.ungdomarformanskligarattigheter.se/what-are-human-rights/universal-declaration-of-human-rights/articles-1-15.html
Moralisera betyder inte "från moral"
&gt; Consumers are not sheep Lol
Moralisera betyder inte "från moral"
Tvärtom, lagen är inte moralen, t ex det är lagligt att föda upp och döda djur
Nej, majoriteten har inte funderat över om det är moraliskt, man följer bara invanda normer
Ah, ha sex med någon och tvinga någon att göra saker, helt klart 2 jämförbara aktiviteter 🙃🙃🙃
So?
Moralisera betyder inte vad du tror att det betyder
Varför tycker du det är moraliskt rätt att döda djur för njutning?
Love when rent goes up thousand dollars 🤪
From X dollars you would lose 50 cents benefits per dollar increase, I think this would be nice
Was he a centrist before? Don't know him
What's the point? Just looked up what migrate did and it seems to be used with jquery 1?
&gt; Djur har inget koncept av liv och död Källa? Djur kan sörja om någon i flocken dör &gt; och därför spelar det ingen roll om de dör, precis som du inte bryr dig om svamp när du plockar dem Jag förstår inte varför "konceptet liv och död" rättfärdigar att döda någon. Spädbarn har inte heller det. &gt; Det enda moraliska problemet jag ser är om djur aktivt plågas under uppväxten Om du köper kött på affären har dom garanterat gjort det. Bara transporterna till slakteriet är fruktansvärda. &gt; Men där tycker jag man ska reforma industrin istället för att lägga ner den. Då kanske du står bakom vår kampanj #totalinsyn där vi kräver att tredjepart ska få inblick i djurindustrin? www.totalinsyn.nu
So why use it with jquery 1?
No wonder that kid was shit
Capitalism ruins everything
Also, WHY did you think about that pasta? Did you wife fall about it? Do you have it at home? Etc
&gt; Bad landlords give us all a bad name. You all suck. Having a place to live is a necessity and you charge WAY more than it costs to maintain it. Fucking parasites doing nothing and still getting paid
Who hurt you?
Just guessing but maybe maintenance to whatever is behind the door. Not something you would do daily
A symptom of not having a fucking clue on how to interpret statistics and context
It's funny, I always see people who are racist and sexist writing comments like yours
&gt; they're literally refusing to interact with an entire group of people Yeah who DOESN'T love it when strangers insert themselves into your conversations?
Title of the post
Peak humanity is to want to work your whole life so Jeff Bezos and the boys can live like gods
What's the difference?
But that happened after they inserted themselves into the conversation
You can Google it and then read what the dude said about all discrimination being wrong
Enjoy sucking billionaire dick in ancapistan just be able to live. What's the end game for capitalism? I mean except melting the ice caps and burning the Amazon
&gt; for everything else except abortion. Poor people and farm animals never gets empathy from the general public either
&gt; All discrimination is wrong, except when I do it Basically you
Do you often insert yourself into strangers conversations?
Goalpost? They literally said "all discrimination is wrong" lol
That would be you seeing you're the one saying "all discrimination is wrong", not me
Maybe "all discrimination is wrong" is the new "think of the children" by conservatives?
You called me retard for starters, an ableist slur. Your comment history also shows you having prejudice against people on the spectrum. Also you don't seem to be a fan of women
I make a good salary, I'm in tech, but thanks for your concern. &gt; The amazon fires were set intentionally. Yes, that's my point. It was done in the name of profit because profit is more important than anything in this system
Let me guess, animal abuse is another one of your acceptable discriminations?
&gt; and take everything out of context He literally called me a retard which is ableist &gt; Because i'm not a self righteous smug prick that digs I only checked the first page, it's not digging. It was also clear from their initial comment &gt; I need a good strawman too It's not a straw man if you literally say "all discrimination is wrong" and then partake in discrimination and I point it out &gt; Or can we stay on topic The topic in this sub is basically "buhu poor me and other white men, society is hard and privilege is a lie"
With pushing these statistics, you could have not done it
Since boomers
I know exactly what I replied to &gt; You must be a real charmer. Do you think /r/tinder is actual tinder or what?
&gt; because you have nothing to rebut You only explained what I already knew, what's to rebut? &gt; Based on the amount of time you spend on r/dating, I have to guess you're, perpetually, single. I don't partake in normative relationships. Have I actually posted in that sub or are you pulling it from your ass?
That's ableist too
I'm asking what your goal is by touting these statistics
I mean the statistics you interpret like a middle schooler. Thanks for the answer, I'm sorry you have been tricked into believing this
Literally the first comment I replied too
&gt; Is a lot of words to say "correct". I guess, technically
I'm sure people have explained it to you numerous times
Sure I could but it wouldn't matter to you, right?
And you have had it explained a 100 times, right?
404 from that link. Technically meaning I don't have a partner but not meaning what you think when you said "long way of saying correct"
&gt; You aren't protecting real people when you police speech Wtf is this thread about then
Imagine subjecting animals to suffering in 2020 because you have a small peepee and have to eat meat to compensate
To make your life a bit worse
&gt; militant Yeah man arguing the internet is so fucking militant. Especially compared to how the animals are treated.
&gt; since mental retardation *isn't a real diagnosis anymore*, and it doesn't refer to any real disability. Not really relevant &gt; "Ableism" against me Using your diagnoses as slurs would also be ableist &gt; When you get called retarded keep in mind that we have no idea if you have any disabilities. Exactly
I'm not on the spectrum and it's not very nice to people who actually are to say that. But you're only defending white normative men so why would you care 🤪 &gt; vicious Why not be nice to animals? &gt; Prior did you go around interjecting into people's conversations Why would I do that?
Strangers who takes part in one of the biggest crime of humanity and feel good about it
I guess you would already be miserable hanging out in TiA
I'm not racist, I have white people pass. &gt; There's also nothing wrong with protesting shitty conditions of live stock even who eat meat. But you see no problem stabbing an animal in the throat because you don't want to eat beans? &gt; Because an absolutely miserable cunt like you does nothing but make people want to go against you. "I wanna continue contributing to animal suffering because a vegan was a meanie to me" are you 12 years old? Why NOT be nice to animals and not kill them? Scared not being manly enough?
Hurts my brain that there's people out there who doesn't research stuff and just latch on to bizarre shit like this.
Helps the grifting
These people crave authority lol
&gt; So I do like to pop in now and then to try and remind you guys that if you behave like self righteous pricks you will get treated like self righteous pricks. Imagine subjecting animals to pain and death only to satisfy some craving and then calling those who stand up against it "self righteous" lol. This is your brain on carnism
https://imgur.com/qT7XObM
Rent a server and run your own
I wonder if they think everyone else is just doing things for themselves because that's literally all they would do. Top tier projection?
It's crystal clear
The systemic imprisonment, torture, and killings of billions of sentient individuals every year
Almost everyone does it
Pls explain And why do you chose to harm animals when you don't have to?
Okay, so why do you chose to harm animals when you don't have to? Addicted to cheese or what?
Capitalism has also given us melting ice caps and burning the amazon, what's not to love??
&gt; but it’s the best system we’ve found so far. Capitalism has run its course, it's time to put people before profits
I think you mean social democracy
Why is that bad? Why should the goal of humanity be to work ourselves to death?
40 million people are struggling with hunger in the us
If you're 13 you're just parroting someone else. You don't have any real world experiences
&gt; Whats bad about that is there is work in the world that needs to be done. Yes, but we are NOT focusing on that. We're just focusing on gaining capital for the elite. Look how many worthless jobs we have out there that's not a benefit to society at all &gt; The day you invent machines that Will replace all human labour is the day you can just sit around and do nothing all your life. Lol, do you have no hobbies or friends? "Work or doing nothing" seems like you have a boring life.
&gt; You can blame unions for that Haha, yesss, blame unions for all the worthless jobs capitalism have created. Brainwashed conservative
https://www.vox.com/2018/5/8/17308744/bullshit-jobs-book-david-graeber-occupy-wall-street-karl-marx Can you mention a couple union jobs that shouldn't exist?
Downvote and leave? Aww
&gt; I support climate regulation Empty words since that won't ever happen in a capitalist system &gt; but until you can show that full blown socialism actually works Sure, read "Why socialism?" by Albert Einstein
The US literally have more empty houses than homeless people. This is the free market in a nutshell. &gt; Meanwhile the socialists haven't figured out how to not cause famine. Are there any socialist countries? I don't know of any where the state owns the means of production
&gt; China is communist How? Communism is a classless society where the means of productions is owned by the people. Is that how China operates? &gt; and is the biggest polluter in the world Is that before or after you have accounted for where the goods are consumed? &gt; You seem to operate under the delusion that socialism/communism is this magic bullet that will solve all the worlds problems No, but in a socialist society there's no incentive to lie about global warming and spend billions of dollars to downplay the severity of it. Did you now that Exxon and Shell knew about global warming for over 30 years but chose to keep quiet because profits?
&gt; and will prefer to insult you personally. It's because there are no reasons to abuse animals thus no good arguments. The small minded man then resorts to insults &gt; You said yourself that the vast majority of people aren't vegans Do you know how many people there are in the world lol?
Guess we'll just melt the icecaps and die then. LONG LIVE CAPITALISM
I live a good life, thanks for your concern! My job has a vegan policy, I'm dating a vegan and hang out with animal rights activists. Is that why you partake in animal abuse, because you're afraid you will lose your friends?
&gt; The older you get, the more you'll have to interact with non-vegans What do you mean, why? Every day there's more vegans &gt; be disinclined to help you Help with what? &gt; leading you to lead a very frustrating life. No dude, I'm living my best life. Rescuing animals, eating amazing food, having great friends. I don't see that changing &gt; I imagine your non-vegan colleagues hate you. They don't, but I can see how you would want that. So why do you partake in animal abuse? Is it peer pressure?
It's more that I treat people like they deserve. Why are you an asshat?
I predict you go vegan in 2 months
It's hard to criticize something you're partaking in
I like it but it hasn't been in production for a while, happy it's back!
Mate, as a fellow white man, you can just choose if you want to be fragile. It's a bit awkward at first but stop taking criticism against white men personally and try to be a part of the solution instead
Whatever the fragile redditor gets upset about being pointed out
It's obvious that you're not here to educate yourself, that's why you're downvoted
Bag on the floor you too?
Le edgy nazi joke xD Ban this sub
Kött verkar ju ha ruttnat din hjärna om din respons till att folk vill skona djur är att döda dom på kreativa sätt
What?
Obviously the solution to the criticism, but you barely read the comment
xDDDDD you just posted cringe bro
Any recommendations?
Nice comeback after your first incorrect comment
Try telling a hunter that. They love killing animals
Hell yeah you're right, I'm not a hypocrite
&gt; while they scroll through twitter on their 500 dollar iphones https://thenib.com/mister-gotcha/
There's two things in here you can try: https://stackoverflow.com/questions/6492027/css-transform-jagged-edges-in-chrome
Libleft
Bluetooth
Sorry, didn't realise it was react native
I don't understand, sorry mate
Funny. Not sure what you mean in the first place weirdo
It doesn't really. It's okay to criticize capitalism while participating
Another sub going to shit thanks to edgy racists
Libright defending obvious racism, I'm shocked
Not sure what triggered your initial comment in this thread yet
Fake leftist
Posting your comments there
Unflaired so you have to think for yourself
I've told you I'm not on the spectrum and it's very rude to people who are to imply I am. &gt; Please, your oxygen could be better spent on literally anything else. Why don't you spend yours better and stop being such a shitty person? Go vegan and stop being stupid online please
Not sure what triggered your initial comment in this thread yet
Traditional relationships are just a product of the patriarchy anyways
Trapping women in shit relationships
It's just something that sounds correct to them
Bots
Yeah I agree, but I mean it's not a cardinal sin, just a response
&gt; about a woman How do you know?
Carnists, like other great thinkers, tend to ignore these links as often as they ignore context
&gt; libertarian socialists What's that?
I mean in general men are more likely to cheat &gt; Likewise, how do you know any of these people are male? Maybe this has nothing to do with the patriarchy. You're confusing this instance vs the concept of traditional relationships
Great take
&gt; Lol, with how often you cry "racist" I have to imagine you must be. What
But God is made up though
There are so many other organisations out there to join
True, just print a sign: https://animalrealityexposed.com/material/signs
Men äntligen har diskussionerna på Facebook gått ett steg framåt! Nu är vi på "inte alla gårdar" istället för "detta är inte i Sverige", alltid något!
Varför?
Allt är så korrupt. Länsstyrelsen inspekterar inte ens 5% av gårdarna per år samtidigt som gemene svensk slår sig nationalistiskt på bröstet och gapar om svensk djurhållning och hur bra den är. Industrierna gör allt för att hålla aktivister ute utan att lägga pengar på djurs omsorg
38 anmälningar över flera år mot denna gården
&gt; En spädbarn blir kanske en forskare som gör massa gott Kanske också är nästa Hitler. Därför borde vi äta alla spädbarn &gt; Men länken till FB verkar vara bruten? Funkar för mig, var hamnar du? Kanske bara funkar om man är inloggad, ska kolla upp, tack!
Varför?
Lol, bäst att tro att bara dom gårdarna som SVT gör repotage om misskökter sig /s På https://www.facebook.com/arexpsweden/ publicerar vi löpande dokumentation från gårdar som vi besökt
&gt; och säger ju för fan precis NOLL om svensk djurhållning. Säger ju allt. Om inte djurskyddet efterlevs så kan vi inte heller skryta med att vi är bäst i världen
Det är i alla fall ingen engångsförteelse om du kollar på programmet
Du vill ju att man ska dra det över samma kam och tro att detta är något undantag
&gt; För att man inte är sugen på att köpa kinesisk oatly skit etc Köp svensk havremjölk då. Varför målar bakåtsträvare alltid upp det som två dåliga scenarion? T ex "jag äter hellre svenskt kött är bönor från andra sidan världen!" som att det är enda alternativet lol
Om ingen ser till att djurskyddet efterlevs (den här gården har varit känd i flera år hos LS) kan vi inte heller påstå att att vi har ett bra djurskydd.
&gt; 5 av 2600 gårdar är dåliga Var får du den siffran ifrån? &gt; oatly ägs förövrigt av kinesiska staten Arla har också kinesiska delägare, annars får dom inte sälja sina produkter i Kina. Finns även andra producenter av havremjöl
All djurhållning är hemsk. När kossan slutar att ge mjölk får hon kniven i halsen. När hönan slutar värpa maximalt får hon kniven i halsen. Inga djur blir behandlade bra
"så ser det verkligen inte ut överallt"
I samtliga fall får djuren sätta livet till. När är det att bli behandlad bra?
Ah, en teknikalitet! Så med andra ord har Sverige inget bra djurskydd eftersom gården i repotaget finns
&gt; Vi har en för mig helt okej lagstiftning kring djurhållning i Sverige, men vad hjälper det om tillsynsmyndigheter tydligen inte ens kan utföra kontroller av 10% av gårdarna? Men denna siffra (som nämns i andra kommentarer till tråden) kanske bara gäller mjölkbönder? Källan är härifrån: https://i.imgur.com/1hqzVSf.jpg
INGA djur får leva tills de dör av ålder
Subscribed!
Inte så relevant, poängen är att det är oärligt att påstå att vi har det bästa djurskyddet när lagen inte följs. Men England och Schweiz t ex
Varför ska man värna om en industri för den anledningen? Cirkelargument
&gt; Om du nu hittat en gård där det är otroligt fel så kan du ju anmäla gården och då lösa problemet. Nu funkar det inte så i verkligheten. Bonden får en tillsägelse och en återkontroll, inget annat. Den här gården hade varit känd i flera år
&gt; någon form av deindusralisering av all industri Låter ineffektivt och bakåtsträvande
https://api.worldanimalprotection.org/ &gt; Det du troligtvis menar, om jag läser mellan raderna är att vi inte kan hävda att vi har bäst djurskydd om det inte efterföljs. Det var ju det jag skrev
Det kan ta flera år än anmälningar innan djurs omhändertas. Har haft kontakt med LS om detta så jag är insatt. Djurskyddet i Sverige finns enbart på pappret
Vilka djur tror du får leva tills de dör av ålder? Nyfiken nu när du valde att ignorera den punkten
Vilka djur menar du? Kan du inte bara nämna några?
When are we eating the rich? How long are we supposed to entertain this bullshit unjust system that just works people to death?
The left aka any social progress
När jag tänker på det så håller jag med dig. Mindre och fler städer. Men funkar inte i detta ekonomiska systemet
🍻
Glöm inte palmoljan i mjölkersättningen!
Det där stämmer inte
Att ni inte tar mig på allvar är för att ni inte vill. Inget annat
Brott mot djurskyddslagen är brott
Husdjur wow, uppenbart att vi inte ens pratar om det. Splitter nytt konto, classic neckbeard
https://nyheter24.se/debatt/874394-henrik-wig-det-ar-dags-att-krossa-myten-om-djurvanliga-nazister
&gt; absoluta ord bör alltid undvikas Jag märker det, alla redditörer som äter djur vill ju gärna flytta fokus och dumt att ge er en chans!
False dilemma
&gt; och kan därför inte säga att "alla" är likadana Det har inte jag sagt &gt; Människan är allätare... så var det med det. Vilket betyder att vi inte behöver äta djur. Så varför skada någon när man inte måste?
Mjölkproduktionen har fyrdubblats sen 1930-talet. Vår konsumtion idag motsvarar inte för tusentals år sedan
Then all pro-lifers who make this argument should stop killing animals, no?
The fetus*
&gt; actual human children They aren't lol
All animal ag should be shut down
It's not what "I want", it's the actual word for it
You just hate people having sex
Anti-abortion is boomer logic
&gt; According to the survey, forty-one percent of Americans have tried a plant-based meat product at some point, including half of Americans under age 50. The people who’ve tried plant-based meat come from every demographic category and background: 39 percent of men and 43 percent of women have eaten them (almost statistically indistinguishable numbers); 42 percent of white Americans and 38 percent of nonwhite Americans (also almost statistically indistinguishable). Wealthier Americans are more likely to have given plant-based meat a shot (not surprising, as it’s still more expensive than meat from animals), with 54 percent of people making above $100,000 a year saying so, compared to 31 percent of people making less than $40,000 a year.
