I'm not a mod and don't see any reason a swatting article would be removed here. Take it up with them?
Do we know where his start location is?
Can't it just as easily be said that the concerns of the entire nation were overridden by a few states that are over represented due to the EC? After all the people didn't want trump, the Electoral College elected him not the people.
The tax reform hasn't even been in effect long are you really claiming trump had anything to do with the current numbers?
Well we don't have to. Just because something is happening doesn't mean we can't take action to remedy it.
Dlc.
Maybe, in truth we just don't know.
It doesn't help that some cities have been proven to bus their homeless to other cities.
It doesn't help that some cities have been proven to bus their homeless to other cities.
I feel like it's beating a dead horse here but friendly reminder that automation is going to be taking away a lot of jobs.
Presumably they'd still have a person do that part. Just now they can pay them less because they won't be driving?
Self driving cars are happening if you get 15 dollar minimum wage or not.
I don't even write in English.
What's so great about Germany? You guys can't even win a war!
I don't think that's what happened. &gt;Today at approximately 11:15 a.m. PT, the Central Hall and South Hall bridge meeting rooms at the Las Vegas Convention Center lost power. Power in the South Hall was restored within minutes, and power has now been fully restored to all areas. A preliminary assessment indicates that condensation from heavy rainfall caused a flashover on one of the facility's transformers. We are grateful to NV Energy for their swift assistance, to our customers and their clients for their patience and to the staff for ensuring the safety and security of all attendees and exhibitors.
&gt;So democrats proving they don't really care about DACA people enough to let Trump secure the border is a winning position for democrats? Yes, do you really think people will blame democrats more than Trump? &gt;I thought defending non-americans was like half the party platform and they can't even do that? How much of the parties platform so you really understand?
Couldn't you say the same thing about states that are too small and are over represented in the EC? Do you think it odd that Democrats have a history of losing the EC but winning the popular vote?
Have democrats ever won the EC but lost the popular vote? It seems like history puts the EC firmly in the republicans hands in terms of who has an advantage.
You're acting like this is new. Do you really think there weren't people agreeing with and laughing with him when NK insulted these other presidents? We love baseless insults, just look at the very subject of this article. Trump swept the primaries by being a dick to his opponents. It's a little late for the GOP to try to take the high ground.
"WTF, I always have to completely support individuals or nations completely with no exceptions and am incapable of having nuanced opinions which will probably result in my blind loyalty to everything our shitty president says or does because I can't possibly take the time to have my own opinions of things but atleast I can make short low effort shitposts in reddit implying that people I don't like have to love a dictator if they agree with literally anything that he says or likes lol"
"now this is pod racing" "I don't like sand" "take a seat"
One of the things that bothers me most about the new trilogy.
If it's a winning issue why haven't Republicans introduced a bill doing this? They could do it even without democrats, they have congress.
I suppose that's possible, but was Garland(spl?) really that horrible of an appointment?
I agree, that is disappointing. I wasn't taking their side, I was just pointing out how I think it'll happen.
They ask questions like this sometimes. I remember a survey in the launcher for one of the older games that asked if I'd play a total war game that was real time instead of turn-based. I think that would have been a neat experiment.
Yes. Around may
&gt;We're probably going to see more police getting hurt and killed as liberals, What? &gt;reddit What?! &gt;and the media continue to push police as the anti-christ I thought liberals and reddit didn't believe in christ? &gt;every single problem in the black community. Implying only cops in black communities are killed &gt;The funny thing Nothing about your post is funny &gt;liberals don't own guns Or accurate &gt;the second something happens to them Keep your fantasies to yourself &gt;the police they are encouraging people to harass Because conservatives don't ever have a problem with police! &gt; will be the first ones they call. Yeah, because I pay my taxes and that is their job
Exactly what I was looking for. Thank you.
Well that's definitely true.
Republicans have congress, all they have to do is vote on party lines right? I'm not sure what finger pointing is needed.
Take her away.
Are any of these mortal empire games or is that not possible on this build?
Even if it's on them do you think the American people will punish them for it? The last shutdown I remember was on the GOP, and they certainly weren't punished. Current polls show 48% of people would blame the GOP for the shutdown and 28% would blame the democrats with the rest either blaming both equally or having no opinion.
We'll see. From NPR. &gt;New data seems to agree. A Washington Post-ABC News poll out Friday found that 48 percent of Americans would blame Trump and Republicans for a shutdown, compared with 28 percent who would blame Democrats. The rest of the participants either blamed both equally or had no opinion.
Seriously this needs to be done here.
I'd rather have dynamic trade routes that build roads.
It seems like "mentally ill" is used globally when you don't want to touch on the subject of a crime.
I guess it's just a matter of whether or not you think income inequality is an issue. If you don't then there is nothing to consider from this article. If you do then I suppose it's meant to rile you up a little.
&gt;Find someone and something else to be offended about. This is getting fucking old. Not old enough to prevent you from coming in here. Why not just ignore it?
When they route your cav should mop them up.
&gt;Also fuck Ajit Pai. Lol
I was with you until you talked bad about Mr. DURTHU. Leave him out of this, trees are friends not food. Do whatever you want with the elves though.
That's dramatic. I'd recommend voting.
Easily resolved by having them start in the new world. Vortex has a handful of old world races spread about. It'd be easy money to release LL's for the wh1 factions as it'd be seen as entirely new factions for those who only own wh2.
That's what, three states gerrymandered by the GOP? How are Republicans okay with this blatant hijacking of democracy?
Where did I make it seem like I didn't know that? Republicans just had to get a few democratic votes and tm the GOP base elected a guy who claims to be a genius and ran in bring a negotiator. They failed.
You didn't say shit about tweets and had you not edited your post that would be obvious.
We're currently dealing with tyranny of the minority. By fighting one problem we've created another.
This is incorrect. Please think about the situation for a moment. The kid could have done the same with a knife and it would have been reported on. The important part is that a kid went to school and killed atleast one more kid and injured others. This would have been a story regardless of the weapon used. The gun just made it easier for him to do the deed that was necessary for national coverage.
The fact that you still don't understand that I specifically have said that the republicans only needed a hand full of votes tells me that you are either a complete troll or have no reading comprehension. I am completely aware of what the GOP needs to pass the bill. Hell the GOP couldn't even get all of their senators to vote for it. How you can ignore the failure in GOP leadership I don't know. I don't blame the shutdown on the GOP anymore than the democrats. They both have a responsibility to reach an agreement. I would prefer that we have emergency elections when a budget can't be agreed on. But it's foolish to say the democrats are to blame when the GOP has just as much of a responsibility to negotiate with their opponents as the democrats. Anyway, we'll see who takes the blame as polling reflects the changes over the next week or two.
Hey no kink shaming.
If surtha ever manages to kill settra he'll be so overpowered.
China's not our president. The loudmouth a minority of the populace elected is. I don't have to respect China at all, they don't represent me. Trump does, and I have to respect the office even when people put an idiot in it.
Isn't it generally understood that presidents don't attack their predecessors? It'll be interesting to see what trump does in 3/7 years, but I would have been disappointed in Obama if he was too hard on Trump in this interview. As for the respected presidents thing, wasn't he much younger during Eisenhower/Kennedy? And it's certainly possible he didn't like Ford, Reagan, or Clinton. I was born in 89 and the first president I actually liked was Obama, I don't dislike any of the ones that came before him because I had almost no opinion of them, I was a kid, or a teen. I didn't start forming political opinions until I got out of college and started my career.
Have you tried being more likeable?
I'd also add that tons of lore is available in books in the game. I love collecting all the books in the games.
I don't doubt that the turks are capable of creating their own tank. Whether or not it will be better than the German tank remains to be seen, but either way its not unreasonable for Germany to stop providing their tanks.
Not what I said. Grow up.
Never said it was.
When did you guys become so opposed to free speech?
I love NPR. :/
TLDR. &gt;"This list was clearly drawn strategically to exert maximum pain politically for the president," said Maryscott Greenwood of the Canadian American Business Council. &gt;"The idea is, you look at a map of the congressional districts of the United States, you look at which members of Congress are in leadership positions and then you look at the big industries in those districts and then you draw up your list accordingly," she said. "And this list was clearly drawn up with this in mind." More TLDR. Canada is targeting districts that trump narrowly won and republican leadership in general.
Probably not actually. The number of attacks are higher under this president. &gt;The number of airstrikes in 2017 in Afghanistan was 4,361 versus 1,337 in 2016 and the number of strikes in Iraq and Syria in 2017 was 39,577 versus 30,743 in 2016, according to Air Forces Central Command. The ratio of casualties to attack may be similar though.
/r/circlejerk
Stellaris has genocide. So they must have changed their minds.
Yes. Now before I get yelled at I would not call any of the Bethesda games I've played bad. But I have been disappointed with them. That doesn't mean they're bad, just that sometimes Bethesda makes choices that I disagree with, which is bound to happen.
NFL made it fine able to kneel. I like American football but the bs with this kneeling stuff is stupid. Just let people do what they want and stop trying to force it.
I agree with you but no reason to be a dick about it. Both are fun to watch.
Only 55% of eligible Americans even voted. But I get where you're coming from.
Good luck man, it's not easy.
Wow, this is what it looks like when a meme dies huh?
I don't have much of an opinion on this. I'm sure lots of arguing will happen in this comment section, a but I'd like to remind everyone that most likely prior to this being posted you didn't care about Miss America, I don't see any reason for that to change now. I would be interested in hearing from some people who have cared about the event and have feelings one way or the other.
How does the lord assassination work? Is it just like other assassinations or can he fight them in one on one combat? I think getting assassination to work like dominions would be amazing.
While maybe not as effective it can also be fun to use them in the second row of a checkerboard.
This is a valid criticism. However I think it's worth it since CK2 is still getting free updates six years after release.
This is an overly pessimistic view of the game and games in general. You can make this argument about almost every game in existence.
&gt;Maybe this time we'll learn? LOL. That was a joke right? We never learn.
Look at this guy getting five days between his raids.
You can see what they eat if you click the "i" button after clicking on one of them.
Whoa there friend, if you lose your eyes how will you read reddit?
You should look up "history of the Spanish economy" . You have no idea what you're talking about.
That would be pointless. The parties would just combine again until we have two. The only way to get multiple parties is to drastically change the American system. Either we need a parliament with coalitions or we need to get some kind of runoff voting.
I like to think that plenty of them are decent people.
But that's..... Friday the 13th
Me too! And I think the assassination system from dominions would be far better than the current agent assassinations. There's a lot of fun mechanics from dominions that would fit into a Warhammer total war, global spells for instance.
Bill Clinton's mistakes don't exempt Trump from his. It's especially important to remember this since otherwise the next president will get a free pass on everything as he or she is compared to trump.
Hey maybe he's got a steering wheel and pedal controls. That's basically driving irl right?
“Look, having the sword of Khaine — my uncle was a great professor and scientist and engineer, Dr. John Malekith at MIT; good genes, very good genes, OK, very smart, the Lothern School of Finance, very good, very smart — you know, if you’re a Druchii, if I were a Asur, if, like, OK, if I ran as a Asur, they would say I’m one of the smartest people anywhere in the world — it’s true! — but when you’re a Druchii they try — oh, do they do a number — that’s why I always start off: Went to Lothern, was a good student, went there, went there, did this, built a fortune — you know I have to give my like credentials all the time, because we’re a little disadvantaged — but you look at the Khaine deal, the thing that really bothers me — it would have been so easy, and it’s not as important as these lives are — Khaine is powerful; my uncle explained that to me many, many years ago, the power and that was 35 years ago; he would explain the power of what’s going to happen and he was right, who would have thought? — but when you look at what’s going on with the four chaos gods — now it used to be three, now it’s four — but when it was three and even now, I would have said it’s all in the messenger; fellas, and it is fellas because, you know, they don’t, they haven’t figured that the women are smarter right now than the men, so, you know, it’s gonna take them about another 150 years — but the Araby are great negotiators, the Araby are great negotiators, so, and they, they just killed, they just killed us.”
I noticed the same thing as Throgg. The dwarfs were quick to buddy up to me.
Stanley?
But all of Europe will remember how easily our friendship is thrown away. If we Americans elected Trump once we could do it again. It's going to be a constant strain on American relations knowing that the country could literally do a 180 on their policies.
But what was your state before it was a country?
Sounds a lot like Australia.
&gt;Trump is an an alpha male An alpha male doesn't need to pull stunts to look important. Also, they are usually not fat. &gt;And it’s serving our country very well at the moment. What positive results have come out of the g7 meetings?
TLDR TLDR shiny mana, hairy mana, hat mana, wreath mana, scroll mana, and sun mana.
LPT make sure you own a giant cup to use the big ice cube when your power goes out and comes back.
Predator and Predator 2 are solid action movies.
Yeah it's all about sport. It's the same reason the Predator in Predator 2 doesn't kill that kid. Basically if Predators ever show up don't try to fight them and you're gonna be fine.
Two problems with them... 1. They keep making money 2. 10% of them end up being fantastic remakes Number 2 means everyone wants to see their favorite franchise make a comeback. Number 1 means filmmakers are more than happy to oblige.
It's a fucking alien killing machine. The dude was probably caught off guard because it's a fucking sneaky alien killing machine. The woman probably had the gun concealed which would the alien would kill the larger threat first. I'm sorry that you see Hollywood as attacking men, but if you look for this shit then you end up fabricating it.
Maybe if child birth didn't cost an arm and a leg. Maybe if we had affordable insurance. I'm not Gen z but come the fuck on America how can the arguably greatest nation on earth be so consistently behind the rest of the civilized world.
Who cares about the military drills? (though I'll bet you money that the defense budget doesn't drop). I'm more concerned about Trump lifting sanctions with NK before we get any real progress towards a denuclearized NK. Also the other guy isn't wrong, purposefully or not your post makes it sound like you're grouping reddit into a single entity when it's a giant website full of different people. Just my two cents.
Well, this is the entire thing. https://www.nbcnews.com/politics/white-house/full-text-u-s-north-korea-agreement-signed-trump-kim-n882246 &gt;President Donald J Trump of the United States of America and Chairman Kim Jong Un of the State Affairs Commission of the Democratic People’s Republic of Korea (DPRK) held first historic summit in Singapore on June 12, 2018. &gt;President Trump and Chairman Kim Jong Un conducted a comprehensive in-depth and sincere exchange of opinions on the issues related to the establishment of new US-DPRK relations and the building of a lasting and robust peace regime on the Korean Peninsula. President Trump committed to provide security guarantees to the DPRK, and Chairman Kim Jong Un reaffirmed his firm and unwavering commitment to complete denuclearization of the Korean peninsula. &gt;Convinced that the establishment of new US-DPRK relations will contribute to the peace and prosperity of the Korean peninsula and of the world, and recognizing that mutual confidence building can promote the denuclearization of the Korean Peninsula, President Trump and Chairman Kim Jong Un state the following: &gt;* The United States and the DPRK commit to establish new US-DPRK relations in accordance with the desire of the peoples of the two countries for peace and prosperity &gt;* The United States and the DPRK will join their efforts to build a lasting and stable peace regime on the Korean Peninsula &gt;* Reaffirming the April 27, 2018 Panmunjom Declaration, the DPRK commits to work toward complete denuclearization of the Korean Peninsula &gt;* The United States and the DPRK commit to recovering POW/MIA remains, including the immediate repatriation of those already identified. &gt;Having acknowledged that the US-DPRK summit — the first in history — was an epochal event of great significance in overcoming decades of tensions and hostilities between the two countries and for the opening up of a new future, President Trump and Chairman Kim Jong Un commit to implement the stipulation in this joint statement fully and expeditiously. The United States and the DPRK commit to hold follow-on negotiations, led by the US Secretary of State, Mike Pompeo, and a relevant high-level DPRK official, at the earliest possible date, to implement the outcomes of the US-DPRK summit. &gt;President Donald J Trump of the United States of America and Chairman Kim Jong Un of the State Affairs Commission of the Democratic People’s Republic of Korea have committed to cooperate for the development of new US-DPRK relations and for the promotion of peace, prosperity, and security of the Korean Peninsula and of the world. None of this is binding, most of this isn't well defined, there are no penalties in place for failure of any of these items. Would you agree?
The hulk could probably throw him into space and while it wouldn't kill him it'd stop him. Doctor Strange could probably just open a portal and push him into a special prison of some sort. There are ways to stop absurdly powerful characters in comics.
The statement is meant to mean legally. If Texas wants to fight another losing war they are more than welcome. These people seceded from Mexico over slaves and had to run to the US for safety. Then they seceded from the US over slaves and lost.
I've been told that many dinosaurs where in fact not feathered. I don't know what to believe anymore.
Literally [true](https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_countries_by_military_expenditures).
My hope is that with the current pendulum swing it goes far enough with the next president and congress to get real healthcare reform.
We also have zero guaranteed vacation days.
To defend my fellow Americans I've never had a negative experience in person while talking about politics. Online is a shit show, but everyone's been very respectful in person.
Don't forget. "why are snowflakes so easily triggered"
I'm sorry that you were so offended over a tweet but hey you have the power here, don't buy the game. They'll either make enough money to not care or they won't.
What role would be acceptable to you personally? Also have you seen the rabid hate on this sub? I wouldn't be so quick to assume it's reasonable. For some sure, but I was down voted for reminding people that some people have asked for women to be playable in battlefield games before. And in the post above I was downvoted for saying the game looks good. In fact in this sub you pretty much can't have any positive view of battlefield 5 right now and have a discussion because you will be downvoted and then you can't respond for several minutes between comments. Even your own comment here which is completely reasonable has only been up voted by one person. Me. The reason being that there is simply no room for any opinion on this sub that's not complaining about women.
Yes, it's on my list of games to get as I really liked space engineers. Thanks for the suggestion!
I like EA. They piss me off sometimes. But overall I like them. Still mad about the death of Command and Conquer though.
They are a corporation. If this makes them money they'll be able to tell their share holders that they did good. Personally this outrage junk doesn't matter to me. I'm not sure if I'll get the game but I do know that I'll be interested in seeing how it does.
Do we know if bottle caps are in the game? I'd like to see some npc towns for trade and conversation. I'm a little worried that there will be no use for Charisma in this game, letting one of the "SPECIAL" stats go to waste.
Gobbos are the best race in the known universe.
You can play with an infantry centric army as Brettonia, you'll still want some cav but 2-4 units of cav are more than enough for most Bretonnian battles if you have the right units and lords.
By Azura, by Azura, by Azura
Being an objectively neutral party I have to say you're right. I don't know what they were thinking.
Whataboutism. Just because the CIA did shitty things doesn't mean we should let shitty things happen to us.
Only 17? I've got 21 and that's on my work laptop with four different browsers. I don't even want to guess what I have at home.
Why did this become so popular all the sudden? I'm genuinely asking.
What's interesting is that the rate of gun owners isn't going up(according to the last data I saw) . Not that that's good or bad, but it seems to indicate that people who own guns are owning more rather than people buying guns for the first time.
The real problem with bullshit like this is it may encourage a troubled kid to actually kill his bully. Bullying is fucked up but it doesn't warrant death.
&gt;Yes, I would support involvement of the US, because it's against American interests to have an expanding German empire that seeks to eradicate a mass of people and taking over our closest allies How do you feel about our current administrations decision to alienate our "closest allies"?
They report exactly what trump says it just sounds editorialized because it's hard to believe people voted for this retard.
Odds on Trump canceling or leaving early?
So you accuse me of not reading your comment but you couldn't be bothered to do a quick ctrl+F or a find on the pages? The phrase illegal immigrant(s) or illegal immigration is in each one.
Also the liberal gun owners I know still support gun control. It's almost like you can like something but still support regulation of it.
What bike?
Wbat do you have against St. Peter?
Sword and Shield here. I've messed with stealth archers and mage but none of it is as fun as sword and shield to me.
Thank you very much.
It was clear at announcement that it wasn't that.
Won't he just concealed carry anyway?
I think I know what you're looking for. https://youtu.be/n9aSykWXCgA?t=148
Jesus guys chill out. &gt;I don't think you'll love our games from now on. That's it. That's the quote. Almost everyone here agrees that "mana" is fine in limited use. Paradox is confirming "mana" will be in future games, that's it.
Seems like another example of our system not working. There are plenty of options to overhaul this system up to and including universal Healthcare. Hopefully eventually we'll seriously look into it.
I'll take this bet, to be clear I think it'll be a free update. Pops are a key feature any changes to them will be free. But hey we'll see.
Well that's bullshit.
Cyberpunk 2077 Mount and Blade Bannerlords Borderlands 3 Cyberpunk 2078 TES6 Half-life 3 Victoria 3 Star Citizen
He was counting the deep states.
As a liberal, I support this. ... ... ... Hey, the world didn't combust. I was certain that the moment a liberal and conservative agreed with something the nation would cease existing.
No need for that, we'll stop retirement when we gut social security.
Yes but if we're going to get a republican anyway then one like garland isn't a bad choice.
None of the justices on the court are going to be around for 50 years friend. And you guys elected the biggest threat to guns and he ran as a Republican.
For sure.
Does he expect Russia to admit it?
Combat is turn based tactical and I personally really like that when you take a town you can use the local race for tour troops. Otherwise the strategy portion is more like a traditional 4x and diplomacy is unfortunately lacking.
I don't think I can argue with that. I like the game a lot but I also found that covering the map in cities was the best strategy, in fact it is essentially required because the Ai will do it and if you don't you'll be overrun eventually. It's possible this new one will find a way around that, but it's too soon to tell.
I think solo was pretty great.
A true voice of reason.
I find it kind of odd to be honest. I love talking politics with my SO, but it helps that she is pretty much exactly where I am on the political spectrum. But if it works for you then that's fantastic.
How about that scotus opening friend? Interesting times no?
Isn't every shooting a workplace shooting? Or are you saying specifically as opposed to school shootings?
Well, it was a joke and I know it.
They're going to hear a lot of porn.
Please do not lump us all in with our president.
I've just played like 5 yrs of Madden during the off-season.
You can do that with digital clocks though.
"Yep, that's me, you're probably wondering how I got here. "
Ah man, I stopped watching at the half when it became clear the offense was struggling to score again. Did it come down to a field goal?
America will always be a few steps behind the rest of the world when it comes to things like this. Just look at universal healthcare, a myriad of different systems exist through the world and the us still isn't doing it.
Obama did not cut the budget in half, you know that right?
I agree with you on meeting request for all. If you don't mind me asking, do you think that's likely under this administration?
Interface can be improved with adons. Userbase can be influenced by adding new users, and besides you're part of the userbase.
Adult usually encompasses porn and nude art. So I guess nudity will never be allowed.
The strong point of Vicky 2 was the pops, the rest of the game is riddled with issues. But it's a paradox game so I've got a soft spot in my heart for it.
It'll probably go the hoi4 path of being hated on the sub and mocked as the lesser of the series while being the more popular game on steam stats.
Genocidal levels of industry.
Imagine a Hitman game set in the Star Wars universe.
I'd absolutely love if factions we're smaller, with clearer borders and more diplomacy between them and other factions/ the player. I'm not sure if it's a good use of Dev time but i can dream.
Nice, I also play relatively nicely compared to these monsters. (I love you all, but you know it's true) I do try to role play the traits a little though.
A cafe that gives you more coffee than you asked for.
He is fantastic, pandas are awesome. Another good Madden YouTuber is MrHuriicaneLP, specifically his rebuild franchise where he doesn't actually play the games. I find it oddly entertaining.
I hate mankind so fucking much that I want to give everyone healthcare.
/r/cannotwatchscottstots
If you think a democracy can compete in a trade war against an essential dictatorship you're crazy man. Sure we could win trade war but the advantages belong to China. Donald has between 2 and 6 years to win this trade war and then the American people are done with him. During that time he'll be bailing out farmers and manufacturing industries while trying to convince the American people everything is okay. China has a far greater deal of control over their economy due to the nature of a dictatorship. Trump has to answer to pissed off voters. Xi does not.
I just lost to the Giants last night on Madden. They had a rookie QB. Draft big next year guys you're gonna get a cannon pretending to be a man as a QB!
People get outraged over others having better situations than them. Knowing that teachers or cops get paid leave when they are being investigated makes them pissed. And rather than fighting for the same protections for themselves and their coworkers they want to bitch about the protections afforded to others.
I'm so sorry. That must be terribly uncomfortable.
This year has been so unpredictable. It's been a lot of fun.
I will be honest to you, I really hope we beat you guys next even though we're out. Bears fans can be happy and I hope you guys go on to win the Superbowl. But I want to beat you one last time this year. Then you can go win the Superbowl so someone from the NFC North gets it.
Good afternoon.
Please please please win the Superbowl. You guys are all I have left with the Packers being out. I want an NFC North Superbowl winner and I don't trust the Vikings to do it.
Guess we could just give the win to the Rams, I mean they tried their bestest.
&gt;very legal and very cool. Nice.
I'm sure you're in the majority, I don't think my opinion is a common one. I'm just not that concerned about a rival winning as long as its an NFC North team I'm good.
I probably should be. But I won't
What would be the point of a bot like this?
Very legal &amp; very cool.
No sir Mr. Thundercock. I believe I've made a decent case for my viewpoint on this in the comments. Feel free to tell me how terrible I am. I am of course open to alternative viewpoints, I simply don't see the benefit in hating the division rivals.
Find highest speed player in NFL. Acquire. Change them to WR. Vertical. Touchdown. Rinse and repeat. To be fair on higher difficulties it's not this easy, but it still works way too much.
That would be correct, I live in Madison. So I don't have to deal with bears fans often.
Fantastic movie.
I don't think the Packers are imploding, we did that weeks ago when the offense couldn't score to save it's life. Recent changes have been made that could be good or bad (head coach), but they're a reaction to the implosion that has already passed.
Rebellions are the single worst executed feature of Vic 2. I'd buy a Vic 2 expansion if all it did was change the rebellions
And he's upset about that?
Oh yeah for sure, they've probably all gotten better and grown as players and a unit. I'd be surprised if we win on Sunday, but I also don't think it's safe to count us out. Obviously anything can happen.
Everyone's always one mistake erased away from losing unless it's a blowout. Your team has grown together this year and seem to be getting better. I'd say the game is in your favor, but anything can happen, this year has been crazy.
Okay, that makes more sense.
Oh boy, different things scare me. Thankfully things are not different so we can all sleep soundly. Seriously though, you guys had bad luck this year, we know the feeling. it's certainly been an interesting year though.
This political correctness is getting out of hand! In my day we were men!
PSA STDs travel outside of Vegas. Utilize brothels responsibly please.
This would be the best possible outcome.
Microsoft definitely isn't wasting storage space on old audio recordings. You're good man. I'd be more worried about text based communication.
Some of the PA routes are nice, so sometimes I'll run PA but audible the RB into pass block, then the PA never happens but I get those routes.
Yes, fixing the ai is of course something we want. But I find it absurd that I'm needing to micro a these planets. I don't mind if it's innefficient to have the ai run the sectors, I want to be able to delegate.
My first though was that she went with her brother or something. I'm inclined to think this isn't cheating, but without more information none of us here can really be sure.
Sounds like this dude is the opposite of badass. Joke about his magazines which are illegal and tries to act tough. Unless these aren't his at all, but either way just makes him look stupid.
Ah man, think of all the bad ass hinting I could do with 30 rounds in a magazine! Now I gotta more often, the deer may get away!
Is it? Is there any evidence him being a vet was used against him for custody? Being a vet doesn't make you a good person, and being a vet doesn't mean you deserve custody. This sub needs to stop being so gullible.
I disagree worth everything you said. ¯\\\_(ツ)\_/¯ The department of defense sees all citizens as disposable, it's not just men. The family court made a decision based on what it knew, you and I have literally no way of knowing if this guy was a good father and holding a sign while trying to garner sympathy doesn't do shit. Society loves men, what are you talking about? Women see men as sperm donor? Dude maybe you've just never been in a healthy relationship. That's not your fault but lumping women into a group like that won't help. I consider myself a feminist going off the dictionary definition. Maybe my opinion is skewed because I'm a man but I think men and women both enjoy different priviledges.
That's also assuming everything on the sign is even true. And for all we know the guy could be abusive and everything on the sign could be true. It wouldn't mean he deserves custody. This image is just a karma grab from op because he knows this sub will upvote anything like this.
The original comment literally labeled the woman that we know nothing about as scum. So by your own rules he deserved to be labeled to. Where do you draw the line? Oh an the original commenter made this label with literally zero indication of who the woman is, atleast the guy above had some fleeting interactions with a douchebag on Reddit before labeling him. &gt;I bet shes plays the "support the troops" card also whenever it makes her look good. Around people she doesn't know. Scum of the Earth.
I agree with you that courts defaulting to the mother is disappointing. In this case with so little evidence we have no idea if there was a good reason for him to not get custody. Regardless though I hope he sees his kids as much as possible, no one should grow up without a father.
Probably, but I doubt he's hurting for cash at that salary.
I'd like to try it sometime, but I don't have the intense hatred of Madden that most of this sub has. But maybe I'll develop it over the years.
Oh I highly doubt it, I was just pointing out that players make a good amount even at minimum.
I'm certain there are a few countries that have border walls/fences, but I don't think it's as many as you think.
Do you really want a shirt like that? I mean, not all popular people are dumb. All you'd be doing is inviting people you probably barely know to dislike you before you ever get the chance.
I was just talking about that sub.
OP is a triggered bitch crying about "PC" culture? Go figure. It's a story that tells itself daily on this sub. The most offended people on this site are idiots crying about political correctness.
Ah man, the sauce has oyster sauce. That makes it fatal to me. I wonder if there are any shellfish free alternatives.
That sounds good, also thanks for the channel link. Suddenly a new channel to subscribe to!
Please fuck this up. We need this more than you do.
That's fair, I'd be pissed if that happened to my team. We're not creative enough for trick plays though.
Our offense needs serious changes.
Our offense has been performing poorly all year. They'll have occasional good plays, but mostly it's been a bad year for Packers offense. Still happy with the defense though, our new coordinator was a good grab.
Bears fans love to be reminded of that, I'm sure.
I'm including AR in the offense.
The game isn't over yet. I'd be shocked if we win with our offensive issues, but there's still 6 minutes to go.
I don't know what fade me means. I disagree with the sentiment though.
Vikings score was insane. Were the dolphins that bad or we're the Vikings really good?
Agreed, after the first game against the Packers it seemed like there were issues with the bears defense, as the year went on the bears defense really came together. Good game Bears, we'll see you next year.
They should swap teams next year. Spurs will play in the NFL, Pat's in the NBA.
What were you watching that you can't see on TV? I'm genuinely curious, TV has all kinds of shit on it today.
Obama didn't make him chairman.
He could lose custody of his children. Wasn't there that series of videos with a mom shooting her kids phones and eventually she was separated from her kids. https://www.insideedition.com/headlines/16028-southern-momma-who-shot-kids-cell-phones-loses-custody-of-teens-after-new-stunt Excuse the source, I don't know how reliable it is.
Don't worry about it man, you still gave us an excellent gif.
Man, I got so much flak a couple weeks ago for saying if the Packers get mathematically eliminated I'd prefer a NFC North team to win the Superbowl, even the Bears. You'd think I was saying the most offensive shit. Surprisingly though some people seemed okay with it. For some people it really is a betrayal.
I watched you guys win the Axe though in person. That team didn't suck.
I didn't nominate them, but I disagree with your assessment. Ubisoft games have been solid for a long time now. If I'm going to assess a developer it's going to be on the quality of their releases. And, in my opinion, their releases have been good.
They released Gwent and Thronebreaker in 2018. Not exactly the most amazing games of 2018. Witcher 3 came out in 2015. Nominating a company for a game from 3 years ago is just not my thing. But these are player nominations, so CDPR was not a surprising pick.
Those were the worst jedi masters ever.
People like to list firearm safety shit, but given the sheer number of people with firearms it's inevitable that there are tens of thousands or more if we're being honest gun owners who are just absolutely fucking stupid.
If you got rid of the first sentence you comment would be helpful without being rude. So I guess I'm just not sure why the first sentence is even there? Anyway, I'm glad people who are far more financially literate than I are discussing this stuff, gives me something to read.
&gt;You know his time is up when even the extreme right starts turning on him. With the charity crimes revealed this week and this, it won't be long before the GOP makes him a scapegoat and tosses him aside. These people will vote for Trump anyway. Some right wing voters appear to have no respect line, nothing can remove them from supporting Trump. They will say mean things about him, they may even claim they won't vote for him. I doubt that will be the case. We're talking about a voterbase that tries to elect Roy Moore. Before someone gets mad at me I specifically said some, if you don't fall under that umbrella I'm happy for you.
As someone who thinks we should get out of the middle East I am of course glad to hear we are doing something. However, I will not give Mr. Trump blanket approval. It sounds like he just decided this and informed the world by Twitter. I sincerely hope I'm wrong and that this was decided along with experts in all relevant fields to determine not only if it was a good time to pull out but also that it is done responsibly. Time will tell. I am always open to other interpretations on his actions, and I am interested in knowing if others think we should stay or go.
/r/iamverybadass God I hope you're still a kid so you have time to grow out of the cringe.
Concerning? Sure, but what are we going to do about it? I mean, I'll show up and vote when it's time to vote. Until then it's not exactly like I have any control over this.
Those things are 19 dollars, I wouldn't spend 2 dollars just to trigger some vegetarian who was misguided into slapping stickers on meat. Nothing wrong with vegetarians, I think they're probably making the right choice, but I love neat and no sticker is going to change that.
Refs fucked up I guess? Edit: I don't understand why this isn't reviewable.
I'm probably just an asshole, but I think they should be kicked out anyway. Warn them, then kick them out.
It's more the cheating that's a problem, or the insulting disabled people, the insults to veterans, the shit talking about private citizens on a public forum, etc. There is really no end to the bullshit, but hey let's get offended over being called deplorable.
This is far worse than the other guys. A 15 year old doing a shitty inconsiderate thing is easily brushed off as a kid being a kid. Someone at University should be more mature.
A love action Sonic? How is that even possible?
An oversight on my part, but I'm reluctant to make an edit. When a comment is edited people see the "edited" tag and are left wondering exactly how much was changed. So I left it there even though it doesn't really fit with what I was saying.
If his masculinity is expressed by being a dick I think it's pretty fragile.
&gt;one time payment of 5B You think it's only going to take one payment and then we're done? Who will patrol the wall? Who will pay for the patrols? Who will maintain the wall? Who will find and deal with tunnels? There is much more that we could do with 5bn dollars. You want to have an impact on illegal immigration for a far more reasonable cost? Crack down on people who hire illegal immigrants.
Somehow I just don't care.
I think McCarthy will be good for you guys if he looks in 2019.
Man, I must be in the minority, or Reddit is just a loud minority. Because HOI4 is great, Stellaris is great, Imperator is alright, but they're already making it better with free updates.
This looks like a joke, but I know it's possible that it isn't and that makes me sad.
Last time I tried to get Dian Wei I started two Cao Cao games and played to turn 20 and didn't get him either time. Can you confirm when we should get certain event spawned characters? Sorry if this has been discussed and I missed it.
Like the people who are crying over a rule change?
Basically anytime there's a community involved in anything it's the worst part of that thing.
Victoria is good, it's just overblown on this sub. It's a good game, it's not the best game.
History is great and full of injustice. We learn from past mistakes. Ignoring history would be foolish, embracing it without acknowledging that it was full of horrible shit and yes even injustice would also be foolish. You can like history, you can enjoy history. But you should be learning from it too.
If the dlc improves the game what's the problem?
Hahaha, it's like he couldn't think of ANY other state after Idaho. It would be funnier if our republic wasn't governed by these fucks.
It'll be sad to see him go. Hope he finds success in the NFL.
Fair and balanced
What side is Geralt on?
I'd rather you guys take out the saints and the 9ers, then come to Lambeau and play us.
Pinning things on the refs is the safe bet for any announcer.
WE'RE HERE!
I don't understand the rules for running into the kicker. Isn't that what just happened?
I'm not sure why anyone would think it wasn't possible. I know the any given Sunday thing is almost a joke at this point, but it's still true.
People keep watching them.
Yes
Lol, what the fuck makes you think anyone's political leanings would determine what they watch?
They're gonna watch highlights of the offseason hype.
No
Not possible, the Packers have been near the top of the NFC the whole time and no one thinks they're unbeatable.
Agreed, but still could have tried to throw, you never know.
Did they just say ertz had a cracked rib and lacerated kidney 2 weeks ago? And that moving and breathing are difficult? And this dude is playing? I seriously hope it doesn't get worse.
Thank you.
I don't disagree, but it's not like we're going to have an easy game. These are still playoff teams.
It's a good story even without the win.
Why though? How am I going to know what products to buy?
Apparently you can watch the whole game on the NFL Network without commercials. But obviously that's not live, and at this point Reddit game threads are too fun to miss out on.
He said the thing! [He said it! 😃](https://i.imgur.com/T71qUjp.gif)
Why wouldn't they just stick with Stafford? He's a good QB.
Hear that Seahawks? Don't worry about defending the pass next week. Rodgers is old and washed up.
Yes, I think it probably should have been a flag, but I don't think it is worthy of a suspension.
I didn't realize other people don't like him.
My wife is a Packers and Lions fan. Some people just want to watch the world burn.
Packers defense started to see signs of turning around last year, our new co-ordinator definitely helped. The Smith's were the final piece though.
Yeah, it's a cool footnote regarding Packers ownership, but in practice it's not much different anymore than other teams I believe. Still, I think it's cool.
Who's they? Most Packers fans seem to like McCarthy. I'm hoping he has a good career with the cowboys. As for Rodgers, yeah it's a team sport, he hasn't played as well this season but our record speaks for itself, I don't care how well he's playing if we're winning. And it certainly doesn't help that our wide receiver situation was so poor, just ask Brady what it's like throwing to one good reciever. I'm not sure why so many people are so eager to pile blame on anyone.
I definitely would love to see a list for the nfc teams.
I heard Jason Garret is available.
There are a couple teams that could probably do well with him for a year or two. The bears do come to mind. Though I personally still think Trubisky isn't as bad as he looks.
We can have soft core porn on the sidelines.
Can we skip this decade? Let's just switch to the 2030s.
I haven't been to pcgaming in a long time, is it that bad? The rest of these I'm familiar with.
My friend wants nothing to do with that. He says he can't even stand the thought of the Vikings potentially getting the trophy at Lambeau. Personally I think it'd be a fun game.
I mean, it's not real life (lame I know) but I've had some absurd shit happen in Madden. [Like this shit](https://i.imgur.com/FnKNwWC.jpg)
How can you not draft him?
So far the only Madden YouTuber that I've really enjoyed is Mr. Huriicane
In pretty sure I'm around 5 years in and just signed my QB off his rookie contract and I think it's around 30 mil a year which is not bad. I'll have to double check when I am home later.
That's what I'd prefer. Not that the vikings are a bad team, but it's the devil we know vs the devil we don't kind of thing. I do know some people who don't want the Vikings to win purely because the risk of the Vikings winning on Lambeau is not worth it at any odds.
¯\\\_(ツ)\_/¯
Saints should have won then.
Doesn't matter, I'll take a Ravens Packers SB please.
Fantastic defense from the Titans all night. Ravens offense having issues getting going and the defense unable to stop the Titans. Some of these folks blaming Lamar forget that it's a team game. Fun to watch the underdog humble the Ravens though.
Vikings are damn good, that can't be denied. You can't lose 30 playoff games and be bad. I'm not even kidding, they've made it to a ton of playoff games and bad teams don't usually make it to playoffs.
I'm rooting for the Titans so maybe my tolerance for it is higher right now, but you're right they are getting pretty cocky. But I understand it, they are underdogs here and they're beating a team that seemed unstoppable. Of course some of them will act a little annoying. But I can't blame them I suppose.
Weird to be cocky to someone who has no beef in this game, but yeah good job Titans, I'm glad you guys won.
Turned out how I wanted it to turn out. Doesn't mean I was wrong. It's really funny seeing how many people assumed I was going to be broken up because I had a reasonable take on the game.
Personally I'd hate it. It's like the annoying personalities like McGregor or Covington in UFC. I'm sure the xfl will have that shit though. I'm sure you're not alone though in wanting it.
And the Packers still lose a timeout I guess.
Why are people so mad at the Seahawks? Haha just relax enjoy the game.
That penalty was shit. But whatever it happens.
Sounded like a boo to me.
Maybe.
Assuming the Packers win, we'll see what happens I'm San Fran.
Gonna be block in the back, clear as day imo.
You can't see the ball in the replays. If the fumble wasn't overturned what makes you think this would be?
Same way you justify bit giving the Packers the fumble they clearly had. Ball wasn't visible so you can't overturn the rule on the field.
I'd go Titans, but I'm a sucker for the underdog. But yeah this game is no where near over.
Good game so far, still feels like it could go either way.
Gum chewing intensifies
It's not over.
We're the Packers. At least wait to see how we look in half 2 before writing your obituary. This game isn't over.
Lol, helmets don't just come half way off on their own.
On the other hand Packers could have another td if that fumble wasn't handed back to SEA. Anyway, games not over, y'all can still win.
Questionable hit on Wentz last week.
I don't get how people can be such babies about this shit. Acting like it's over already. Did anyone watch the rest of these playoffs? Or the Packers games.
That sounds good. Enjoy your ramen!
They were all over Rodgers on that.
/r/NFL commenters and bitching about calls. These fucks even double checked after the review.
It's reaching critical mass.
Also had games lost due to the refs, but don't let me hurt your circle jerk man.
Except if any thinking was happening this guy would realize the yellow line isn't official and the spot was good.
I said this last time and I'll say it again, I honestly think this team can win any game but it'll be sloppy. I also think the 9ers are the better team and they scare the shit out of me. Should be a good game though, atleast I hope it is, if it's a blowout it can only go one way.
Okay, but why are the Emojis not on a consistent side of the word? I like your idea though, I think I'll give it a try.
Ah that makes perfect sense.
Guys I think one of these teams may make it to he Superbowl. Don't quote me on that though.
I really do hope the Lions get one soon. Obviously I can never cheer for them against the Packers, but I always like nfcn teams in general, and the Lions have been the underdogs for so long that it'd be a cool story.
That's why they reviewed it.
Better watch it bud, a perfectly average excelling at nothing team is coming right at you.
You fool, actually kumerow is wr1. Triple him and you win.
Graham worked out in this last game. But yeah, every time it goes his way I'm worried.
Not even a 1 to 1 ratio for ints to TDs. Smh
Xfl salary is not great, Trevor Lawrence will make much more on an nfl rookie contract.
Did he use the frick word?
I really thought you guys would make it further this year. I'm rooting for you guys next year.
Obviously I can't actively root for this. But God damn it would be cool.
Agreed completely, except upvoting them. And being on the receiving end of more than a few mass downvotes I'm glad there are some people out there who appreciate sticking to your opinions.
It's possible, but I don't think we're likely to lose anyone of value this off-season. I wouldn't be surprised if we lose more than 3 games next year, but if our offense starts playing better I think we'll have improved even if our record doesn't. The only way I'd say we regress is if Rodgers gets substantially worse.
It's funny that they chose Chuck Norris, a guy who said that if Obama was elected president there would be 1000 years of darkness. But yeah, a good choice for reasonable conservatives.
So they're gonna get injured and we'll still be we have a Texas u grad?
They had 5 sacks in the last game and that was a blowout. I get that some of you people are already calling a game that hasn't started over... But this is actually absurd.
At this point I'm not sure anything matters. He'll be running against a guy who said far worse and no one cares. Ultimately all that matters is that people show up and vote.
Not a fan of anything you just said.
Announcers talking about how they need points because they won't be able to stop kc for the rest of the game. Y'all know that if they can't stop kc getting points here doesn't mean anything right?
Not a new theory at all, it's rather common on this sub. Personally I don't think so..
It's not consistent, and could just as easily end in a pick.
They're picking who's gonna win. Anyone gonna pick Packers? Id be surprised..
Some people never learn how to just enjoy a game.
Down where?
Nice stop. 9ers where looking like they could have their way with the run.
And a good stop from the 9ers.
Big sack. Time for the defense to step up.
Games not over.
Agreed. Still a fun game so far.
I mean, we can't hit him in the face. You see that beautiful mug?
Not a step of momentum lost with the long break. 9ers rolling along looking good.
That's a big yikes from me man. You saw the last two years right?
Turbo tax out here acting like they're not the reason taxes suck. Stop lobbying to keep the tax system fucking Byzantine.
Packers
But then I'd have to go to steinhafels.
Packers not had a great run defense all year. Gonna be a rough half even if the offense gets rolling. All the jokes aside about quiting or whatever, I think it's important to stick in a game even as you're losing badly. I want to see the Packers dig into the turf and play like they're 7 pts down all game.
Haha, it's funny how quickly those "Packers bought the refs" or "NFL is rigging for a SB rematch" theories died.
Probably for the entire season up to the part where Vince shuts it down.
Anyone thinking the refs favored the pack is living in fantasy land man. You're better than that.
Basically no way this could turn. Packers could get the points but the only way to get them fast enough is to throw. And that's assuming the D figures out how to stop this run game. 9ers have this game well in hand. It's been fun to watch though, obviously it sucks to watch my team lose, but it's hard to complain about making it to the championship game.
Nothing changes for me man, I get to watch the SB either way. Your comment doesn't change what I said above.
Not sure how anyone can be mad about that. The league either needs to change the rule or teams need to plan for it happening. It just is what it is.
I think masked singer just gave me a stroke.
You just knew when they were talking about how long it's been since a pass that one was coming.
At this point I don't think it matters if you punt or not.
GG 49ers, I think it's obvious the better team won, but I'm glad we kept playing till the end. I'll be rooting for you guys in the SB. And just wanna thank 9ers fans for being pretty great in the game thread.
They haven't actually cared about that for a long time.
I'll treat you like a princess!!! 🍆🤪😅
I think it's all opinion, personally the new trilogy didn't do it for me, but Disney had their hands in Rogue One, Solo(the weakest of the "good" imo), The Mandalorian, and Star Wars Rebels. And if the new season of Clone Wars ends up good that will be another one. For me, I'd say they're 4 out of 7 for "good" content (I haven't seen Star Wars Resistance), and that may be unfair, as the new trilogy wasn't absolutely horrible, but I'm counting them all as misses anyway. I'm not saying I'm right or your wrong as this is all subjective, as I said before we may just like different things. But for me 4/7 isn't a horrible track record if it means some quality content for a franchise I like.
It's still funny because the way the animation looks makes it seem like they caused the turnover, when really the other team is just incompetent.
This person has absolutely no idea how old millennials are.
He's got a relevant username atleast.
Is that baby Yoda? I'm pretty sure white supremacy doesn't have a "except green" clause.
I really don't see a problem with coaches or players pointing out to the refs if something is happening consistently. Refs are human, they can't actually watch every part of the field at once.
Very cool of him to make a variety of weapons available on walls and surfaces for any intruders.
If everyone's a slave everyone's equal I guess.
Thank God, I was worried my child would live its entire life without drinking shitty water.
If he was smart he'd be able to find the words to explain what he's trying to say.
r/Justsaythatwentwrongfastyoudonthavetolinka subredditespeciallyonethatdoesntexistWhatiswithRedditsnewtrendofturningeveryphraseintoitsownsubreddit
Honestly I'm not convinced that's a good idea. We saw George with total power and we got the prequels. They're not horrible but they're not on par with the original trilogy either. If anything is rather give total power to Filoni. But maybe I'm wrong and George would make an awesome new trilogy. I really like the prequels now that they've got the clone wars to flesh out Anakin and Obi Wans relationship and make Anakin's fall to the dark side a little less sudden.
Maybe if the government was going to offset my lost pay and guarantee my employer can't fire me. Most people can't afford to miss a paycheck, and since there is no minimum vacation time in the us many people may not even have the option to take paid time off. I agree an incentive would be nice.
Is act 3 the one that ends on floor 50? I've only got there twice and never beat the boss. I've only been playing for about a week, but maybe I'm just bad haha.
That division isn't exactly easy. I know it'll be a little easier to make the playoffs with the extra week now. But the browns are questionable and they need to best the Steelers and the Ravens. No idea how the Bengals will be.
I could be wrong, but I don't think you can use the second amendment to fight a tyrannical government if the majority of the country is on the government's side. If the protestors start shooting cops you're more likely to see 2a fucks holding anti-protestor marches and flaunting their ar-15s in solidarity of the cops with blue lives matter shit than you are to see them stand in support of the oppressed.
Is that legal? I mean obviously either way they're doing it. But I'm just curious if it's technically legal.
For anyone extra lazy. https://store.steampowered.com/app/508440/Totally_Accurate_Battle_Simulator/
Has Paradox said how this will affect cross-team ideas or movement? Previously we've seen members of teams move to another team and work on a different game. Is that still going to be possible if it's a different studio?
Ah man, I'm fans of like 3 of these.
Are we tired of winning yet?
Hold your tongue son, that's Danold Trump.
Preemptive of course. Because they're gonna make it worse when the gun down 20 unarmed protesters tomorrow..
He said today in his speech at the rose garden that the US never loses. I guess he missed Vietnam so he wouldn't know.
&gt;He's the universal soldier and he really is to blame &gt;His orders come from far away no more &gt;They come from him, and you, and me and brothers can't you see &gt;this is not the way we put an end to war
How long until Donald leaves the G7 and starts a G2 with Russia?
In my experience you win more often and quicker if you don't use RT (or R1).
What exactly is scarce? Sorry for my ignorance.
You don't think it's relevant that the protesters where nonviolent when they were ejected from the area for a photo op?
What I don't get is even if you don't like the kneeling why not just say "I'm here to play the game what other players do is their prerogative."
I'm not telling you people wouldn't notice. I'm telling you that people will notice more, and care more, when it happens during the anthem.
I'm honestly surprised there aren't rumblings of a second impeachment.
Even when there isn't something going on most of the time we're here for memes or pointless stats. Game threads or game study threads are awesome of course, but the bulk of the content here (especially in the off-season) isn't purely football.
They're alright.
Is there a sub for amazing aquariums? All these shitty ones, while funny at times, can be depressing.
When you're right you're right. Trump is shit. Preach friend.
I would not say there are is no real risk. Have you seen the numerous clips of police attacking peaceful protesters? You could protest peacefully, end up getting maced by the police or shit by rubber bullets, end up in jail for the night, etc. And never have done anything wrong except exercise your first amendment right.
All Madden actually ends up being too easy. I think all pro may be harder with the right sliders but I haven't tested it. I do *think* that all Madden cheats so the ai knows what play you're calling. It seems I can cheese 20-30yrd passes often by taking a run and audible to a pass. Meanwhile if I take that very same pass without audibling (is that a word?) to it the ai has two safeties deep.
I think we're all pretty happy about it. This thread really blew up with support.
Man, I really like Rick and Morty, but sometimes people make it embarrassing to like things..
Wow, these people are really fucking stupid. I'm all for giving people a chance and not judging too quickly. But what I just read can only be described as fucking stupid.
I don't know anything about "Gone with the Wind" being cancelled (was this a new project or did they just pull it from their platform? Is it available elsewhere?) But isn't this literally just capitalism at work? The company that was making the property decided it wouldn't be profitable so they cancelled it. I'm really not sure what you want anyone to so about this. No one forced the company to cancel the project, they did it on their own. If your argument is that some outrage over it convinced them to cancel it isn't that still on them? I'm really just not sure what anyone wants done about this. I'd be genuinely interested in hearing what people's thoughts are on how you stop the country from going down this "scary path". Edit: it's not clear that this is the old movie that's been pulled from HBO. I honestly don't know what the anger is about. Things get pulled from platforms all the time. Go watch it in any of the other places it's available. [Cancelled? ](https://i.imgur.com/q9QdRBb.png)
Depends on what you mean by ok. Would I personally like it? No. Would I compare it to Nazi book burning and complain about censorship. No. Would I say that this inconvenience is even worse than the state censoring the book? No. If I want a book that's not at Barnes and Noble I'd do what I already do when I want a book that's not at Barnes and Noble, I'd buy it at another book store or online. Again this outrage is just rediculous. You can rend the movie from Amazon for 4 dollars there are 10 different websites letting you rent or buy it, no one is censoring it.
If you're searching for it you already know about it happening. I searched for it in Google after seeing it here.
The first time? I've stopped trying every time I do it ends in pain and suffering.
https://youtu.be/O3R06i17lLU
We did these leftist reviewers give Democracy 3 a 70? A game full of politics. They should have loved it! https://www.metacritic.com/game/pc/democracy-3
Yeah but like, it's okay when they bring politics into the game.
We are the birthplace of the Republican Party, though at the time it was a progressive party.
Ressit doesn't tell you anything. Users on reddit choose what to share, you're sharing this information with lots of people and several have asked you for proof. I'm sure many of us would like to see proof what you're claiming.
You're not using logic or reason. You claim they acquitted three but they were a mob, they had no right to acquit anyone or to execute anyone. Logic and reason would tell you that the police officers should have defended these men from mob rule. Logic and reason would tell you that evidence is required before you execute someone. Logic and reason would tell you that a trial is required to determine innocence or guilt.
If you think voting for Biden is voting for Communism then it's fair question.
Yeah but what about the largest unrecorded penis size?
Atleast it'll look good in the ol resume.
The hall of cost sounds like something in Ferengi society.
I'd love to see any data that shows a "significant" amount of liberals want to silence speech that contradicts them.
/r/theydidthemath
I can't think of any Americans who would be mad about this. I think you're in the clear man.
We had our first child this year. Thousands of dollars in medical bills. On the upside I haven't been back in the office since the birth due to working from home.
AGAB
Pretending covid doesn't exist is our national plan. Makes sense the NFL would mirror it.
What sucks is that they'd make that either way. I'm not sure how securing the simulation rights makes the NFL more money.
Ten minutes? Doesn't that sound like a rediculous long time for a fight?
The van itself is nice, it's too bad they owner is a fuckwit.
But can you prove there ISNT a global woman conspiracy!?!
I'm honestly not sure why this is posted in true unpopular opinion. I'd be willing to bet 10 dollars that posting a similar opinion in the normal sub would get thousands of upvotes.
I asked my wife and she confirmed this. I can't believe they've been getting away with this for so long.
CC: /u/Dawg1shly I had a chance to grab some stuff from my game. I was wrong about the record, they're not 0-4, they're 2-3, so not as bad. Their QB is actually a 34-year-old Kyler Murray. &amp;#x200B; Here are some pics: [https://imgur.com/a/KBM9SVC](https://imgur.com/a/KBM9SVC)
I really didn't see 2020 being the year we kill the Confederate battle flag. But I'll take it.
When did these people become such babies?
It matters even less when there's a concentrates effort to review bomb.
Why did you make a meme comparing rimworld reviews to a game being actively review bombed I'd you don't care about politics in video games? It seems like you specifically wanted to bring the political discussion into the rimworld sub.
Unfortunately the leftist agenda killed Arthur aswell. Thank God Gerralt is safe.
Good to know, thanks.
Yeah but like, atleast they're not "cancelling" anyone.
Agreed.
&gt;Especially due to those leaks before release You'd think you'd cancel the preorder. &gt;And some people still did play it like that Korean streamer that got to the Joel death, ejected the disc and cut it in half with scissors in disgust. Don't have a problem with that. There are plenty of legit reasons to dislike the game. Crying about politics isn't one. &gt;Yeah and some of the stores refuse to refund the game, im sure the "retention" of the sales is amazing. Why did they buy the game when it had thousands of negative reviews hours after release? If they pre-ordered why didn't they cancel the pre-order? &gt;And im sure next game by Cuckmann You realize how stupid you sound? &gt;even more of a smashing hit now that general public know what kind of a "man" he is. Honestly more of a man than someone who gets triggered over gay characters. I can't imagine someone that sensitive being a manly man. &gt;No its a bunch of people tired of getting shit on and doing only thing they can to hurt the developer How were they shit on? Or is the existence of LGBT characters a personal attack? &gt;And its their god damn Right. Calling them children and saying that they are "crying" wont change reality, one would think people like you would learn that by now. If you're going to be a crying child it's also my right to call you that. &gt;Not everyone gets his money from mommy and daddy like you I'm actually beginning to think you may be a legitimate child, which would explain a lot. &gt;and not everyone shares your humiliation fetish Don't kink shame. &gt;Some of us like to get quality product for our hard earned bucks So you bought a game you knew you wouldn't like after the leaks because that was a good use of your hard earned bucks. &gt;dont like to be shit on by the developer who thinks he is a second coming of christ because he apes the shit Last Jedi did. Again the contents of this game are a clear personal attack on you, naturally. &gt;Im enjoying this very much, Finally something we can both agree on, this whole thing is hilarious. &gt;because someone dared not to like the shit game is just an added bonus. Plenty of reasons not to like it, but you show your hand when you cry about "cuckman".
*quarantine* I swear I know how to spell.
Always nice to learn something new.
Lol, humor seems to get lost on you pretty easily so I'll make it simple. I don't think you weren't being serious, when I said that I thought it was pretty clear that I was using it as a joke. I'll be absolutely clear. I don't think you're joking, I think you're a child, either literally or not. I think there are legitimate reasons to dislike the game, I don't think you share those reasons. When I gave you chances to answer questions like how the game was personally an attack on you, or how they were shitting on you the question was ignored. You either are unable to formulate an actual reason the game is bad or unwilling. If you want to send a message to giant game companies like Sony you've got to hit them in the wallet, reality is that the game is a success. Reality is that the creator will be on more games, reality is that right wing crying over political correctness has hit a wall and this past month has seen over and over again the victories for the left while the right is left crying. Gone are the Confederate flags in Nascar despite the crying of the right, gone is the moratorium on kneeling despite the cries of the right, gone are Confederate statues despite the cries of the right. The nation is tired of far right wing crybabies, even the moderate republicans are getting tired of it, you always have something to cry about, the only one ignoring reality here is you. I suspect your response will be more of the same. You'll accuse me of crying while shouting about cucks and sjws. The jig us up, if you want to make your message heard hit Sony in the wallet. Corporations left and right have seen that a boycott by the likes of you guys is a toothless threat. Prove then wrong.
Couldn't even be #69
Nom nom nom
Doesn't god "cancel" an entire city? In fact if I recall correctly he cancels an entire city and let's one family leave but tells them they can't look back at the city. The wife of the family looks back and is also cancelled.
With the good comes the bad, I guess.
Cassandra from Dragon Age: Inquisition
Trump has already claimed fraud. He's said a couple of times that there will be millions of illegal votes.
Oh I agree with you. I was sharing the info because it was such a short situation that many people probably have to deal with.
The thing is most of them will never even see this. Fox doesn't appear to be reporting it yet unless it's just not in this page yet. https://www.foxnews.com/category/world/world-regions/saudi-arabia
In franchise I run with my QB often and don't slide very much. I find holding RB helps, also running along the sideline so that if you fumble the ball has a high chance of going out.
They previously mentioned that there would be unique storylines that can trigger on face of the franchise. So hopefully they make it interesting to play through an entire career.
I don't think pew die pie should be on this list. I should be clear, I dont think he's bad, I just don't see how he's anymore "good" than any number of other gaming YouTubers. The rest of this I pretty much agree with. Though I've never seen JoJo.
&gt;Downvote me if im right. Shit he's got us boys.
Substantially easier to see the whole thing as well.
https://youtu.be/oabcM9SOF-E
That's... Wow. I don't know how well the bears will be next season, but I'll be shocked of they go below 8-8.
I'm pretty sure the out is actually after next season, so I think you're stuck with him for 2 years. But also I haven't seen much narrative that the bears are idiots. Maybe I missed it, but just chill and it'll blow over.
9 million people voted for Sanders in this primary, and while that's obviously less than Biden that's not an amount of people you want to completely ignore. As for progressives, I'm a progressive and I don't hate democrats. I'm not a fan of Republicans though, at least not after Trump.
As a person who posted there I'm not surprised. I don't know what it is exactly that got them banned. But I'd seen some questionable posts.
Lol, I don't even know if there's a trope or if you're making a joke. But the casual "of course" is very funny as someone who knows nothing about Berlin.
Nah, Susan Collins will say he learned his lesson.
