Tagged "troll" 8 months ago when he described Irish Bob as a "great candidate".
&gt; Those ones are always fun to call Me: Hi, we've got this weird problem that doesn't make any sense, maybe it's something interfering in the sample, anyway, can we get another one to see if it works any better? RN: ya ok . . . Me: Hi, it looks like you got some TPN in this sample, it's literally the most obvious contaminant we see in the lab, can we get another one? RN: HOW DO YOU KNOW!? I DID NOTHING WRONG!! THAT BLOOD IS FINE!!
"So, should I call the provider and explain why I'm canceling their test order?"
Google isn't really your friend, but it does get the job done... https://www.reddit.com/r/nursing/comments/anjhkc/dumb_venipuncture_question/ The comment is four months old - probably not a great hill to die on. If it were much fresher, I'd give that fucking idiot a piece of my mind.
Don't have much faith in de Blasio, that guy can't tell if he's coming or going. But if Tulsi tears into Warren it could be amazing. ...on second thought, I guess that means Tulsi's mic will be cut while Warren gets to drone on and on past her time.
Why would you think that? The people running the government get healthcare when they need it; what's the problem?
The only way for poor individuals to boycott capitalism in America is to die.
Every public poll can probably be assumed to be garbage, or worse.
They will say anything, no matter how ridiculous or blatantly, obviously false. There is no penalty for doing so (apparently, telling outright lies has driven away everyone it's going to, leaving audiences of easy, pliant suckers) and it helps to muddy any inconvenient consensus that might otherwise form.
&gt; an additional 50k-100k a year working 4 hours a week ahahahaha And where do you think that’s going to come from?
Holy shit, you’re delusional XD
Time To Vote! Most Petty, Spiteful JRock Fans...
&gt; Good financial planning/connections/education/entrepreneurial ship So, like all those long-shot bets you're supposedly making on Yang winning the election?
My condolences to your parents, having to live all these years with the guilt from raising an idiot.
Portland is a liberal SJW shithole that thinks its left. No surprise that Portland's DSA branch is a liberal SJW shithole that thinks it's left.
Feeling the same. Burned bright, burned out - and now she's apt to punch the wrong direction. Fail. Pass.
Hey, just curious... Why haven't you started the revolution yet? I'm just asking because I'm kinda sick to death of lefties complaining about people like Bernie "saving capitalism" or being "liberals" as if all it would take to implement socialism is someone waving their hand once. Just like I'm sick to death of armchair third party boosters who act like they know the right way to fix politics and yet can't even get a party started, let along nationally viable. Maybe y'all need to stop acting so high and mighty and shitting on people for not doing the things you can't do either.
&gt; After that was when I started getting emails about "Our avg. donation is only $16 which is way less than our 2016 average of $27 - can you give more?" &gt; The avg. donation size would have been a lot higher if he hadn't focused on number of donations. I agree 900%, and I've sent replies to some of those emails bitching about the "our donations are shrinking" bullshit and calling out their MOAR DONATONZ campaign as the cause. You know, if Bernie doesn't want us to surrender to despair, maybe he ought to run a campaign that doesn't make him seem like he's losing his trustworthiness. But WHATEVER! I'm just this one guy, drowning in an ocean of American stupidity.
It's not really work, just burn the city down with all the liberals locked inside. No? Too pat?
&gt; i think if bernie wins, he'd be far different from obama. Would he, or would they make Bernie just like Obama? Who's being threatened, with what, and by whom, and who will stop it? 2016 was rough but it left me wanting to fight. Everything I've seen since then has made me want to give up. America can't be fixed.
It’s not like I can spend it with my deluded shitlib neighbors!
In the long run, we are all dead. If there’s no way to win, why fight? If what’s around me is all I have to look forward to, I may as well lose my mind by retirement age.
&gt; more of a focus on having fun with your party members and enjoying the time they spend together Makes me think of Mass Effect 3's Citadel DLC. There was a plot with gameplay attached, but mostly it was a great big piece of fanservice that gave players a little more quality time with the characters they'd gotten to know. So it's kinda sounding like P5R will be somewhere between that, which didn't really change the game but did add some fun sidequesty stuff, and a full-on remake/remix kinda thing.
There is no class perspective on feminism, since feminism is purely an identity movement.
&gt; deal Clintonites don't make deals, they lure you with false promises.
If they want to be locked out of politics, sure.
Here's what I don't get about this "they're listening to the wrong people" story. Is AOC an idiot? Is Bernie an idiot? Do they have no experience or background as progressives or socialists? No to all? Alright then - so why do you think they don't know who to listen to? We've all managed to figure out, more or less, which people in the media, foreign policy, economics, etc. can probably be trusted to tell the truth and have good takes - so you're saying they can't? Doesn't make sense.
"People don't leave jobs, they leave management" and there's a lot of shitty lab management (and a lot of hospital administration that's callous toward the lab almost to the point of hostility).
&gt; do you think it would resonate through an electorate full of proud capitalists? Definitely not. Fortunately, the majority of eligible voters are working class, with little or no capital to collect rents from, and they’re struggling under capitalism. There’s always the question of when they’ll finally realize that, but if Yang is going to lead with “capitalism is about to cast you all off like an empty wrapper”, maybe that time has come.
But they’re the same good responses we’ve had to this stale concern troll for years. Slow news day?
Seems like most liberals are fucking morons if they can’t understand what we’ve been telling them for years now.
Here’s what I want. I want you to support and vote for Bernie because you’re scared shitless that Trump will win again if you don’t. Failing that, I want you to admit you love the right better than the left.
It takes expertise to know expertise. You think _Americans_ have expertise on foreign policy? Half of them probably can't find Iran on a fucking globe!
You're not half as smart as you pretend to be.
Childish, childish... yes, the favorite insult of the Democratic establishment. And this is what makes it so EASY to vote for Trump, you know? Your kind is so repulsive that I _want_ to spite you. And it's not as though the Dems aren't already burning the country, anyway.
It would have done something if the hundred million people who didn’t bother voting had voted third party.
Elections are already organized. Those are people who just couldn't be bothered to participate.
DCLS doesn't do direct patient care and almost certainly never will, though they might suggest or order testing or make clinical interpretations of results. There isn't really any established role for DCLS yet. It appears that some hospitals are interested in employing someone with their education and skillset, but to a great extent, the answer to "what does a DCLS do?" is "whatever you can convince an employer they need one for". You will definitely need to sell yourself and be proactive in looking for needs to fill.
&gt; spend at least 1 minute of your time No.
The exciting times are, admittedly, more exciting. I’m more concerned that these elections show, like zombie movies, that no matter what horrors are unleashed, ordinary people are the most dangerous threat.
Merkley’s gonna do his best job right where he is now, IMO.
go away, Yangtard
&gt; When you don't have money problems, other issues tend to appear on the surface; like purpose and meaning. Good ol' Maslow...
I love how you think that calling me a weeb is a great rebuttal when I point out that you slurp the ass of a guy who wants to herd the poor into ghettos and light the first amendment on fire.
The problem is that you NEED a good paying job to have financial security and a decent standard of living anymore, and there are far fewer good paying jobs than the number of people who could satisfactorily do them, so even after building up education and experience you're still fighting with peers for resources. Meanwhile employers are free to make those jobs stressful and unrewarding because what are you going to do - quit and die on the bottom like a shark? Late-stage capitalism and massive wealth inequality are slowly murdering us all.
I had to do all that stuff in my MLT program. And I do spun crits at work when the analyzer throws certain flags/results.
&gt; Don't need Bernie, just need some guts. Guts? The American people? We're one of the least revolutionary cultures in the world, legendary origins notwithstanding.
Or, it's a super-clumsy way of saying that they had, in effect, anti-endorsed him.
&gt; ~~full blown capitalism~~ _serfdom_
Basically, it's not Bernie's fault the shoe fits Warren so well, and if Donut Twitter has a problem with that, maybe they shouldn't back candidates that suck so much.
There are laws requiring people who practice medicine (as in providing direct patient care or prescribing drugs) to have certain degrees and licenses. But if a hospital wants to hire someone to act as some sort of lab consultant or clinical test interpreter, there's nothing the ASCP can do about it, and even the paths will find that they only have so much power - especially if having that doctoral degree makes MDs _want_ to talk to the DCLS. And I think that's what ASCLS and its partners are counting on, the idea that there actually is this backdoor, and if DCLS turns out to be a profitable employee no one will be able to stop hospitals from hiring them. I still think that strikes are the best and maybe only way to shake things up. That backdoor may exist for DCLS specifically but it isn't going to do the rest of us a damn bit of good.
&gt; Don't they know Warren's campaign is filled with former Clinton aides and strategists? "Hillary should have won!" &gt; Don't they know Warren met with Clinton before and after announcing? "What's wrong with that?" &gt; Don't they care that she's accepting $$$ from billionaire special interests in the general election? "You have to do what it takes to beat the Republicans!"
We're not paid to staff the lab. We're not authorized to staff the lab. It's completely out of our hands. But we're the ones who have to do extra work or interrupt our lives to pick up a shift or stay over when staffing becomes a problem. And it's not like this is our business that we're making profits on. We're just rented meatbots. We have no great incentive to bust our asses. So, arrange to have more people available, whether that means hiring an extra person, having someone on call, whatever. Make the case, get the budget. Or, have nothing to cover staffing shortages, and listen to your people bitch instead, and watch errors and TAT increase the more you burn what you have. And if you're getting screwed from both ends, well, that's your problem, isn't it? It's not like we're on the same team. Quit if you don't like it. Maybe if they can't find anyone willing to manage the lab they'll finally make some changes. It's the best any of us can hope for until techs finally have the sense to team up and start asking who run Bartertown.
If you're 100% sure they'll never find out, best for you to keep quiet. If they do and you didn't self-report, you can probably kiss your ass goodbye. I recommend you self-report. There's also, you know, the patient's welfare, if you care about that sort of thing.
Tires, dude. Tires tires tires. Otherwise, it's a modern FWD car with pretty good handling for an economy car. Traction control works pretty well. But your tires are what's going to make the biggest difference.
&gt; inform misinform
Saiki's got the best legs in rock, she can't lose the heels...!
Well, getting any job in a place you haven't moved to yet is hard unless you've got high-demand skills or you're transferring within a large company. I don't know who downvoted me, probably some shitass who doesn't live around here and actually thinks techs can find work anywhere they want :P Anyway, yes, a couple of years' experience would make you much more employable. If you can't/don't want to stay in your hometown, consider moving to a different area with more demand... of course then you'd have to move twice to get out here. But what are you going to do if you move out here and can't find anything but on-call work or a part time gig that only gives you a couple of shifts a week? Because that's a real possibility, no matter when you're willing to work.
&gt; Where are my reparations? I'm Gen X - I have sympathy for those who lost earning potential because the rising tuition, lack of available funds, and growing threat of huge loan balances and no high-paying career to show for them kept people from furthering their education. And I have sympathy for those who struggled to pay their loans and finally did it - at significant cost to their accumulated wealth - who will get nothing if loans are forgiven. But I also know we didn't give a fuck about fighting for college debt relief. Call it apathy, learned helplessness, misguided sense of personal responsibility, whatever you want, we heard the tragic stories of people with professional degrees stuck working at Starbucks, saw the house starting to burn, and said "this is fine". It's just the younger generations who decided to take a stand. So. You don't get any fucking reparations, because you didn't work for them. You'll have to settle for living in a stronger economy and leaving a better world for your kids (if you have any). Maybe next time you want something you'll show up for it.
&gt; You created this problem, now you have to solve it. They're never gonna solve it dude. Most won't even admit it's real. Look at it this way: union members weren't born with solidarity. They had to learn it. It's the same for men: if they're going to stand up for themselves, they're gonna have to learn to support the group.
Sorry, this is just a dumb idea.
&gt; Men do not appear to have a strong degree of in-group bias; quite the opposite, they appear to favor the opposite sex in most situations. Hence the success of feminism. Excuses aren't solutions.
Can't decide whether to be a socialist or a SJW, can't decide whether to support other progressives in Congress or throw them under a bus, conveniently faceplants every time she talks about foreign policy, praises establishment shitheads when she doesn't need to. People think she's amazing because you can cherrypick her spitting fire, but the more you look the more she either looks out of her depth or willing to bend to the establishment.
Nothin' wrong with a well-played banjo.
It's like you guys keep forgetting what Bernie's actually like in these things. He's polite. He follows the rules, for the most part. He defers quite a bit. It's a pity, because he should realize by now that the debates are rigged just like everything else; no one else is gonna follow the rules very well and they're going to keep skipping over him or cutting away from him. With that in mind he ought to take a page from Trump and just fucking own the stage. It's his show to spill the tea on his Washington "friends" and drop truth bombs; all he has to do is take it from the perverts, liars, and corporate whores. The usual suspects will cry about his "ego" and the lack of "civility" later, but fuck those guys. Ah well. I'm sure 80% of the six lines he gets in tomorrow will be great ones.
Purple = the color of royalty.
That's pretty much what I predicted would happen as soon as I saw the lineup.
_In theory_ we have a system that pays people more for doing more valuable work That same system makes it nearly impossible to live on your own without an above-minimum wage job, so people go to school so that they can be more valuable _to society and their employer_ Why are we asking people to pay in advance to make themselves more valuable to others? Stop pretending it's an "investment", it's a public service, same as elementary education, except it's not publicly paid for some reason... we WANT people educated Think about the big picture
These are a lot of the same people who claim that women are equal to men and stronger than men, but also need special protections and rights because they're weak victims. Contradiction is their porridge :P
As usual, "If you didn't pay for it..."
I went to a good program and then worked half-time in chemistry for 4 years and I still can't remember what is and isn't in a BMP. (Though I could probably get most of it right if I took a stab at it.)
&gt; and yet here we are being payed a wage that doesn't suffice our needs. Because we keep showing up to work anyway. NO ONE else in healthcare is going to fight for us - they either don't care at all or they want to keep us underpaid. Organizing and striking/making credible strike threats is the only way we're going to improve anything. The challenge is getting a bunch of supposedly-intelligent people to understand that.
You should probably just keep your head down, walking garbage fire.
Trump wants America filled with sick illegal aliens, film at 11
&gt; can we stop the Yang-bashing When he stops sucking. &gt; We have to call it out now Why? &gt; the DNC starts playing the same dirty tricks against Bernie Which they're going to do anyway, while gaslighting America by lying and saying nothing's happening and painting us as sore loser baby men, Yang or no Yang. Look, if the election were a fair contest, everything aboveboard and square, principle would compel me to defend Yang - if the allegations are true, I don't know if they are. But it isn't; it's all one big smoke and mirrors con game and principles are for suckers, unless you can use them against your enemies. Yang is dogshit, so the neolibs can screw him all they want as far as I'm concerned, they're doing our work for now, and if any of the 4chan trolls and libertarians backing him decide to switch to Bernie after Yang's knocked out of the running, that's fine by me. If not, well, I didn't expect them anyway.
Yeah, well, I think the whole "incel" thing is kinda punching down, and I think the idea that men need to be attractive to women to have worth is kinda fucked.
&gt; We didn't show up at work but the ones who suffered are the patients. Patients always suffer - that's WHY they're patients. They go to the hospital for treatment. But if the hospital won't pay for laboratorians and care suffers, whose fault is that? You're not a slave - you don't owe society cheap labor. &gt; Here in our country, if you're not close with any politician or anyone who has higher position in the government, you're nothing. You've got bigger problems then. But it's heading that way here too.
Unfortunately, appearing at these debates is sooooorta mandatory for people to take you seriously - yes, even Bernie. And once you're there you have to perform well, of course.
No, you're JAQing off and playing dumb - or you ARE dumb, whichever - and I don't have the energy to play bad faith games with you. Show me you're ready, NOW, to have an informed conversation about capitalism and UBI and you can have one.
Was that supposed to convince me that you're not just a typical clueless internet rando or a troll? Fail.
&gt; I also feel that tax payers shouldn't have to be on the hook to pay for some person underwater basket weaving degree. Are there a lot of underwater basket weaving majors out there? 3%, maybe? Or is it a lot closer to 0%? Everything, EVERYTHING has some kind of waste in it, whether it's a social welfare program or a business where the employees chat when they're not busy. That doesn't mean you cancel something that works 99.9% of the time and really helps people, just to show that insignificant speck that you mean business. Find me a real problem. You could argue, maybe, that we don't need more English majors and Art History majors and Sociology majors, because those things are real and not satire. Hell, if we're going strictly by employability, you know what we don't need more of? Biologists. Seriously, a 4-year bio degree is almost useless - and that's a hard science! Go figure! All this presumes, of course, that we want our colleges and universities to be nothing more than job training programs (in which case, I ask again, why aren't we making the employers pay for it?). Fuck music! Fuck the Renaissance! Kind of a tasteless Borg society you're building there. But instead of saying "I don't want to pay for that" and dismissing free public college entirely, maybe you want to talk about how we can encourage students to pursue more practical first majors, or something like that. &gt; I'd hire the underwater basket Weaver's but they don't last a week. I'm better off hiring a person that doesn't have any formal edu, because they actually work. If they make it six months we send them to school for free in exchange for an agreement to stay for xx amount of time after training is complete. Yeah, I used to hear a lot of crap like that growing up. I had a lot of the sort of jobs you can get with no formal edu, too - I didn't go to college until I was in my 30s. And you know what? Not one of those employers ever suggested that they might pay to send me to school or develop me in any way. Every single one of them treated me like a rented meatbot, just there to do a thing. And I suspect if you polled people who work the kinds of jobs you don't need specialized training for, you'd find that nearly all of them have the same meatbot experience, no matter how hard they work. And in many jobs, it's the best asskisser who gets made assistant manager or whatever, not the hardest worker or the best leader.
"State's rights" is like conservative idpol - they discard it whenever convenient. It's a phony bad-faith principle that they try to trick you into accepting. But the states DO actually have rights. See 10th Amendment, etc.
(pedant hat) "You're immune" is a clinical interpretation (which a couple of respondents have provided), no matter how well supported it is by the theory. (/pedant hat)
Democrat Center Left Push Forces No One To Do Anything; 'Never Trumper' Admits Genuine Allegiance To Trump
TERF huh?
&gt; guess what, you're scientists, no matter what anyone says. You form the foundation upon which nursing and medical practice works You'd think that would give us a little more authority. But nope. We get to sit back and watch everyone else do things wrong and not even know why, and then instead of fixing it we just have to thank them with shit-eating grins and watch them go and make the same mistake six hours, days, or weeks later. We can write them up, but it doesn't seem to make any difference.
Critical thinking leads to finding out you were wrong about things, and who would want that?
&gt; An insane evil idiot got in a clown car &amp; is now president. What has changed is what was an earned moral and other standards, to be at a level to run for President. Reagan didn't have that many primary opponents, I thought. Oh! Ohhh, you think that President was a hallowed office, filled by men of character and integrity, until just a couple of years ago. There was a certain decorum that had to be observed by the corrupt neoliberal puppets, until Senor Cheeto ruined that. The standard to run for President is to be a natural born American and at least 35. That's it. If expectations have fallen, that's no one's fault but the American people's.
yawn _blinkered idiot self-owns with FACTS AND LOGIC, film at 11_
A good president, if we can get one, will ennoble the office as quickly as Trump ignobled it. And "political experience" is all too often a euphemism for "insider".
&gt; ran independant Good way to lose an election.
"Help Bernie's fundraising numbers mean nothing by gaming the donation system!"
No, dogshit for brains. Gaming the donations makes 5M mean nothing. Holy shit, people were just dragging Pete for trying to game his numbers to look less wine-cavey, this is no different.
This isn’t like some R or est D did us a solid for once. She already has a reputation for being some ultra-progressive (in fact, wasn’t she supposed to be DSA?). She gets props for that already. She doesn’t get extra bonus props every time she does the things she’s supposed to do anyway.
&gt; Remember when HRC said she knew who the 2020 nominee would be? Why would anyone value her political prognostications after her two spectacular failures as a candidate? I suspect Hillary is psycho enough not to understand or care who values her opinion.
So... "strawmen, not real people"?
Sure, but look at who makes it so easy for them. Who are you going to side with, SJW bigots who want to marginalize you or people who accept you are you are?
The left is not organized, period. Bernie is a shiny object that the left is following. Take Bernie away and you still have a left that is not organized. What happens if Bernie loses is the movement melts away. There might be little bits of it that are more organized that stick around, and more leftish people interested in running for office than there were before 2015, but that's about it. edit: if Bernie loses, and he wants to stay in politics as something besides just Vermont’s senator, the smartest thing he can do is keep leading and agitating, keep doing town halls and press releases and such. But with no further chance at the presidency, he absolutely needs to cut ties to est Dems and start calling out their corruption and betrayal explicitly, drop the idpol and bullshit like Russiagate, fix his fopo stances and so on. Otherwise a lot of the left will simply drop him.
A lot of people here are clinging to a dream and won't face reality.
If the left could organize, maybe it could have a new party. The people who insisted we needed a new party 3 or 4 years ago have done nothing to build it. NOTHING. For all their railing against the Dems, for all their insistence that the Dems are a trap for the left and they can never be reformed and a new party is the only way, they have not even begin to create one. In any case, if someone did build one, it would still face all the barriers any third party has ever faced - including, according to some people, the ability of the major parties/wealthy elite/deep state/whoever to steal votes from that party and give them to the Dems. So no, I'm afraid a new party is not the answer. If this doesn't work, insurrection or escape are the only answers.
dun, dun, dun another one bites the dust
Projection.
Probably because it hasn't deleted your posts...
I mean, not that the UN is actually going to _do_ anything about it.
Tulsi was an obvious choice until she went crazy and centrist. Nina is an obvious choice but I really get the sense that she wouldn't want to be VP. Other than that, there are no really obvious choices. But that's not necessarily a bad or strange thing, you know. Seems like most presidential candidates end up picking someone that nobody outside of ultra-nerds and party inner circles has ever heard of for their VP. I'm pretty sure when Bernie picks a VP, provided he gets that far, a lot of us will be scratching our heads.
Cenk's an opportunistic idiot and I hope those who thought he was an ally are capable of feeling shame.
You know, as I posted that comment, I thought to myself, "what are the odds that this guy will be a stubborn idiot who insists on continuing an argument he's in no way equipped to have because he can't possibly grasp how dumb his position is?" And here you are, insisting. I hate when I'm right about people. But at least now I have a handy solution.
Hillary would have started a war with Iran sooner.
When did PBS learn of Bernie's existence?
Look at the massive crowds in the streets. That's what we'll need if we're going to be cop-proof. Millions. Not thousands like Occupy. Keep that in mind when you talk about taking revolution to the streets.
Loser nobody stows away on Titanic. Film at 11.
_Oh, poor Wexi. So wonewy._ The district she represents can decide if they want to keep her in office or not. Her job is representing them - not me, here on the other side of the country. But if she wants my support, she needs to remember that I want her to fight the establishment and help lead the insurgency against it, not buddy up to it. She needs to get her head straight on issues that should be easy for any progressive or socialist. And she needs to drop the idpol bullshit. I'm sure I'm not the only one who feels that way.
&gt; the popularity of Rammstein The vast majority of their airplay was for the English version of Du Hast 20 years ago. It got them exposure but they're not exactly a big band in the US, especially today. Saiki's accent is so thick I don't know if even an English song (e.g. The Dragon Cries) would get much mainstream attention. Worth pointing out too that US radio is monopolized to hell. Decades ago, when there were tons more independent stations, more college radio stations and such, Band-Maid might well have gotten a shot on some of them. Of course rock was way more popular at that time as well. &gt; the recent invasion of k-pop bands on the American charts More like nibbling the edges. &gt; Not to mention the fact that the babble of rap or hip-hop has little to do with English. I suppose rappers and their fans would disagree... &gt; If the Babymetal managers had thought so Babymetal isn't exactly huge in the US either. They're bigger than Band-Maid, sure, because they're weirder and videos like Gimme Chocolate went way more viral than Thrill ever did. But Band-Maid's still growing.
They say it's not slander if it's true. When will Yang supporters stop being idiot trolls?
Cordial like sociopaths and salesmen, sure.
Don’t worry, bots and shills don’t vote.
I’m fine with it. Yang’s idiot failsons have nothing of value to say anyway, it’s all the same dumb talking points over and over and I’ve already heard them. They think they’re sooooo polite and civil but the truth is they’re so annoying and fake that people don’t want to talk to them: fail.
Yeah, this is completely worthless. Most Dem politicians are right-wingers.
I mean, not to be a politicizing ghoul about it, but the threat of impending war is great for Bernie with his record and positions. Could make a lot of inroads to unexpected parts of the country.
A ground invasion of Iran would be insane. But if there's one thing the US has demonstrated over and over again, it's that we CAN bomb a country halfway back to the stone age if we like. It'll be hard to crow about how you've slapped the US in the face when your cities are being swept by plague and starvation thanks to the lack of sanitation, electricity, intact roads, and running water, and your government is having trouble maintaining control over crime and faction. We'd create a million terrorists in the bargain, of course... and it'd be just another thing civilized countries could point to when deciding whether to support or oppose the US. Still, I wouldn't want to be the Iranian official trying to thread the needle between projecting strength and de-escalation. Eeesh.
You know, when you're trying to fool a hundred million people, facts and history don't matter. Just say anything. Literally anything. Make up any lie. Doesn't matter if it's absolutely dead wrong, doesn't matter if it's easy to debunk. Someone will believe it. Someone will adopt it. And then someone else has got to run around, putting out propaganda fires, instead of whatever else they would do. If people hated liars, it might be hard to get away with. But lying costs almost nothing, at least in the short term. And the establishment only has to find a way to slander or cheat Bernie for another half year and then it's basically rid of him forever. So what if they have to throw their credibility into a live volcano to do it? Besides, on the internet, it'll be mostly bots getting their hands dirty.
But the Dems aren't trying to win...
Bernie would have won, so... fuck the Democrats? It’s not our fault y’all ran a loser against Trump. We told you how to win that election.
I couldn’t find it on an unlabeled map. Then again, that’s what we have _labeled maps_ for. Who the fuck is going to waste their time memorizing a globe?
There are plenty of topless pics of her on the interwebs if you're curious. _shrug_
&gt; whether he could secure endorsments from key progressive movements Well, there's no one else a genuinely progressive group could support, is there? Third parties, maybe. So in the same sense that polls tell you how the media is doing, endorsements tell you how the "progressives" are doing. Which goes back to what I said about bonafides.
"One Weird Old trick for losing a general Election!"
&gt; Last time I checked, Biden was leading by a considerable margin, and growing. 1. Less funding 2. Smaller crowds 3. Dementia
It's not a rationalization, it's basic arithmetic. But cool, cool... you want to drag out party infighting and risk nominating yet another center-right neoliberal who fails to excite voters. That's a thing you can do, if you insist. You might want to stock up on Gatorade, though, because you'll be losing a lot of salt in November if Bernie isn't the nominee.
&gt; You're honestly out of touch if you think the freedom divided equates to ”selling whats’s left of America to the rich” I'm in touch with reality, which is why I can't help but notice that you're trying to make two contradictory arguments: "this money plus your job will make you much better off" and "you won't have a job because robots will take it (and Yang will stand by and let it happen) and that's why you need a pitiful starvation stipend". &gt; and isn't what most Americans are looking for I'm sure most Americans would take free money if you gave it to them, but it's not going to fix the economy. It's just going to end up going to landlords. &gt; You're going to be surprised how well Yang actually resonates with the people No, I'm just going to be pleased when this latest right-libertarian policy fad dies off.
&gt; i don't know if that's intentional or right/right-leaning media really just doesn't see it. You're talking about the folks that called Obama a socialist. It's like asking if someone is a troll or an idiot: who knows, and really, who cares?
What? Sounds like they're volunteers.
Smells like flop sweat. Maybe his old friends the Clintons have advised him to start hitting Bernie now. It's interesting that he's started what's essentially the general election campaign against Bernie - well, I dunno, is he hitting Biden too? Or is he only treating Bernie as the defacto nominee? If it's the latter, makes you wonder what else he's being told (re: polling etc).
Don't have any interest in forgetting or forgiving. I'd rather crush them, see them driven before us, and hear the lamentations of the women.
Those percents don't remotely add up. Are 40% undecided?
Bernie's said he wants a younger WOC or something. I thought it would be hilarious if he picked Kshama Sawant (which would be an insane promotion from city council, but she ticks all the boxes... except for the most important one, she's not native-born, alas).
Low-info voter or shill pushing negative talking points... who can even tell anymore? Here's how it works: - we make businesses pay a living wage, because letting them pay less would be wrong, and taxpayers shouldn't be paying for what stingy employers won't - businesses that can't do that are already failures (too inefficient to generate enough wealth to support their own employees) and will be replaced by other, better businesses - prices will go up a little to cover increased labor costs, but increased pay will far more than offset price increases, meaning that poor people have more money to spend, which supports non-failed businesses Minimum wage hikes have never "decimated" rural areas or led to high unemployment. That's just FUD.
We get all types here, but a lot of the types are shills and trolls trying to waste our time.
ROFL
I expect it to go like Burlington. He’ll be blocked at first, I’m sure - and then the midterms will be a bloodbath. I don’t think Bernie is kidding when he talks about being the organizer in chief.
I could do that, sure... orrrrrrr I could not give a fuck what some internet rando thinks. Eat shit, thanks!
He probably gets his exercise from beating women.
Really? I guarantee most Americans don't know who the Sunrise Movement is. Seems to me the endorsement (anti-endorsement?) that should end the primary is Trump's attacks on Sanders half a year before the general election even starts. But wth do I know?
Because they've got a hundred other songs?
Well there you go, you've already got one, so let's get some other songs recorded live. XD
Now, see, if you beat all the low morale staff until they quit, all the remaining staff will be ones with high morale. THAT'S thinking like management!
Try the time-honored police remedy: brown liquor.
The depictions of cells kinda crack me up and it's cool to see an anime about an arcane subject I'm familiar with, but honestly, the show's not that good... half edutainment, half low-budget junk. :/
Well of course it does. Property is theft; disinheriting an entire species so that you can parcel out everything we can touch (and even some abstract things we can't, like "publishing rights") to certain people so they can live better than others is a massive, violent undertaking.
They're not very bright and just parrot the narratives they've been fed. This is literally no different from "raising the wage will kill small business" or any other lie that people have been sold.
&gt; the medically-established fact that, in most cases, owning a gun makes you and your family less safe Is it owning a gun, or is it living in areas and/or circumstances that attract people to gun ownership?
Mic drop right there. He's usually a little more humble than that, though.
Tulsi hasn't exactly done herself any favors with her publicity stunts and issue positions, either.
You mean a right-wing, neoliberal DINO. Grow a spine, man!
How is she going to do that? With a complex, means-tested plan?
&gt; Doctors can opt to not accept the insurance or they can limit how many Medicare patients they accept. Sure, if they don't want any work. They can accomplish that under the new system just as easily. &gt; (female physicians typically earn 30% less than male physicians in a FFS model as they take more time with each patient) Seems like their problem. You're 90% of the way to "guaranteed healthcare is slavery!" Try the Yang sub, they'd like your type there.
Well, that’s horseshit - market failures are common.
Can we use this excuse to be short with them? No? Well then.
9\_9
&gt; Elizabeth Warren should be seen as nothing but a lying hack. You're welcome.
Better get Bernie nominated then! It's extremely simple: you want us in the coalition? give us what we want. Otherwise, lose on your own and drown in your own tears.
I'll vote for Trump. Enemies we fight; traitors we execute.
whoosh
Delete yourself. edit: Yang supporters almost invariably come in with this slimy, disgusting faux-civility while arguing bullshit in bad faith. Such comfortable liars they are. Are they literally all sociopaths?
I'm sorry, I guess you didn't hear me clearly. Let me try phrasing it differently. Go fuck yourself, tone-policing concern troll.
Yeah, this. It's almost like Hillary or her people have put Warren's skin on. Identical sort of dishonest crybullying.
This couldn't reek more of Hillary if you threw Hillary in a blender and marinated Warren in it. Of course, Liz is a spineless follower, not a leader, so she'll go along with what she's told.
Rosario dated this guy, so I'm not thinking she's looking to sway him.
He might not even go for the "disappointed" angle. But what I'm hearing (from very limited information, mind you) is that this is playing badly almost everywhere. It really seems like Warren and her advisors balled up all the credibility she had left into a single bullet and shot her campaign in the gut with it, and Bernie doesn't need to do any hitting.
Someone who travels is more willing to take odd shifts in out of the way places than someone looking for a steady day shift job in a city - but if hospitals offered what they're paying for travelers, or even somewhat less, they could probably get applicants. Of course that would create upward wage pressure and we can't have THAT, nosir...
In any situation where there's a lack of effective leadership, sometimes you have to either start barking orders or act autonomously. Do you want to be the lone nut who stands on principle and refuses to do it wrong, even if gets you into trouble? Or do you just want to keep your head down and shift responsibility? I've done it both ways, depending on my mood and the circumstances...
Saikou? I wish I liked Gachapin's music better. It's just a little too grating for me.
What do you say to her snubbing Kaniela Ing a couple years ago? Tulsi has principle and a backbone of steel but she lacks vision. The only great thing I could imagine her doing as VP is taking revenge on whoever assassinates Bernie.
It's like someone ruined her campaign with hubris.
You don't have to call her a liar, though. Just point to Bernie's record of supporting women and Warren specifically for president and act disappointed about the attack. Let them figure out she's a liar.
It'll have to wait until I get home this morning, but I'm in for this punitive money bomb.
Both/either, depending.
&gt; we are part of the healthcare team. No we're not. We're just hired labor, paid the least our employer thinks they can get away with, and given the least benefits and recognition for our educational level. We work in a black box that is for most intents and purposes separate from the hospital. We have no representation in hospital committees or governance. We have no authority or even agency; except where the SOP specifically directs us otherwise, "turn it out, labbie" is our mandate. We're factory workers, and those aren't our patients, they're just little revenue streams for someone who isn't us.
Bernie doesn’t need the squad backing him on this. Trying to paint Bernie as a secret sexist has been a nuclear flop, and Warren’s handling of it has been utterly inept.
I think Ojeda shouldn't run for the office that another Berniecrat was running for first without some pretty fucking strong reasons. We don't have such a large bench that it makes sense to compete against each other. This makes me think less of Ojeda.
TYT would probably confirm her lies. They're utterly untrustworthy.
But Bernie and his team have apologized for plenty of things they never did or weren't responsible for. I wouldn't be surprised if he apologizes for this too - and then scolds his supporters for whipping up anti-Warren sentiment. If so, maybe he can get #BernieRefund trending next. I hope to god he has the grit to hold firm on this one.
I would be more worried about this smear if it had worked better. But Warren's been widely lambasted over this. The hit job was a hideous failure, and I doubt anyone will be able to scrape enough of the broken bits for it to matter. Oh, the bots will spread "Bernie's sexist" stories, and more bots will respond with mock horror and outrage, but who actually believes that story? Might as well call him a cannibal.
This is starting to sound less like an objection and more like a crusade. No one here is impressed with your unshakeable faithlessness in Breitbart.
&gt; Liz picked the last public figure in the country to portray as a liar. Trying Karl Rove, maybe? Attack the opponent's strength? Except she bit off way more than she could chew, and she did it with weak, rotting teeth.
Facts.
Well then they'd better figure that out before Trump wins reelection. I wonder if they will?
It's very easy to get banned by that snowflake cult so no, not really a badge of honor. But I guess you could cut off an ear if you really want it...
&gt; "Erh, we have so many good tunes, why bother to publish them all?" ROFL
Sometimes I wonder what Bernie actually knows. Does he know that the DNC cheated him, that there was election fraud? Does he know Russiagate is bullshit? Does he really think it makes sense to impeach Trump, especially on the bullshit charges being leveled against him instead of something real like emoluments? Did he know that Warren was crooked all along, or when did he learn that? Surely he didn't really think they were friends a month ago? It seems insane that Bernie wouldn't know some of these things, and yet he does such an amazing job of appearing clueless about them sometimes.
Whatever else you may think about Bernie, he runs clean campaigns and he's an honorable guy. Come at him with policy arguments, fine. Come at him with "he's too old" or "heart attack", okay, that's kind of bullshit, but there's a seed of substantive argument there. But making up blatant lies about things he supposedly said to assassinate his character? Yeah, it's politics, but there SHOULD be public backlash for something like that. This time there was, and I have no sympathy for Warren at all for committing political suicide.
How _is_ she? Because she's a woman? Because she talked tough about the banks for a little while? Because she flopped from Republican to Democrat? Look past the facade of her public image and you'll see that she actually has a pretty un-progressive record.
There is no division in the progressive wing over this. There are actual progressives, and there are phony progressives, and those are separate as they should be.
I'll be voting Trump if it's not Bernie soooo...
&gt; I don’t think that there is a single soul in this subreddit that is not deeply worried (and I mean, freaking-out terrified) about the total lack of integrity and trust in our polling places that rely on electronic voting without a verifiable paper record. Oh, no. I'm alright. I've already accepted that I'm basically helpless to either persuade or fight the millions of America morons sitting in a burning empire and thinking "this is fine". Even if we had perfectly fair elections, all my votes will be lost, like tears in rain. I'm more focused on how to react to what's coming, since the only actions I can control are my own - and at the moment I am decently positioned to keep my feet out of the capitalist grinder. &gt; Do we not need to mobilize – use our power and numbers today to demand fairness in our voting institutions? Shouldn’t we be marching NOW on our county offices / Secretary of State to demand integrity, fairness, and trustworthiness in our polling places? Well, yes, we should be doing that, but to purge our corrupt government, take back the media, and divide the rich like cuts of meat, not to ask our dictators to please PLEASE _pretty please_ make our voting more secure. But unless you think you can stir up about a hundred Occupys, your plan is a nonstarter. Power's just going to keep on doing whatever it wants until it literally can't.
&gt; She told us it's up to us to fix it. Well, that's true. Doctors and nurses want to subordinate us, pathologists want to keep us confined to their black box, administrators want to underpay us and forget we exist. The public doesn't know about us. No one is going to look out for us except us, so we'd better get on that. Except that most of us don't want to fix it, and the rest can't fight the tide.
She's gone... allegedly. All it took to drive her away was a couple of trolls crapping on her and then not getting an army of white knights to rush to her aid the moment she cried that she was offended and something was sexist. edit: Reading through her comment history is interesting. I see her in a feminist sub fighting back against neoliberal SJW bullshit like "Bernie Sanders is an old white man. last time i checked, old white men really don't have the best interests of women in mind, if they're even thinking about women. let's not forget mens is mens." She's also got more posts here than I gave her credit for, all more or less on the money. But she strikes me as a very sheltered and kind of ignorant radfem who's spent years in this sort of SJW bubble and expects to be coddled and defended by "allies" everywhere she goes, and hasn't really been challenged by feminist-critical perspectives. Well, I'm not going to cry if we don't have more snowflakey radfems hanging out here.
I think she's just spent her internet life in echo chambers where accusations of offense-giving or dissent from the local narratives resulted in censorship and banning, but where she never had to worry about it because she was orthodox. She doesn't seem to know how to handle the wild west free speech piefight we have here.
Not good enough, I guess. The princess demands satisfaction for this insult! Which brave knight will defend this helpless feminist's honor?
I checked the ingredient label on the cat food and you're right, the 4th ingredient is corruption! That's not a very healthy cat food, I guess...
I'm still waiting to see if they'll refuse to support white men, or if all the people they support are SJWs or something. Or if there's some scandal where they're slipping money to Pelosi somehow. AOC fucks up so much that _I do not trust her_ even when she gets it right sometimes.
People keep trying to find Warren's angle. It's possible she doesn't have one. Her political instincts are obviously terrible; why wouldn't they be terrible multiple times in a row? Who says she can snatch defeat from the jaws of (victory? mediocrity?) only once? Why can't she just be hopelessly flailing at this point?
The MLT program I went to was great, maybe one of the best in the country. But, see, I don't recommend getting an MLT at all, at least not in my neck of the woods (PNW, but also true for CA). You're much better off going straight to MLS.
Coalition politics 101. The only way we get actual left movement in this country is if we force you to bend the knee. Otherwise we just end up with another right-wing corporate whore. Oh, and probably a warmonger... seems the Dems have gotten really bloodthirsty lately. Listen, buddy, if you don't need our votes, then just walk away. Don't give us anything. We remember who stabbed us in the back last election.
&gt; Do I really have to hate Warren to like Bernie? Not at all - but if you like Bernie, why wouldn't you dislike the candidate trying to assassinate his character with a obvious and contemptible lie?
Whatever allegedly happened, happened, what - a year ago? And she sat on it _all this time_ - only to suddenly make a deal out of it just before a debate? And then call Bernie a liar on a hot mic? You're right, we don't know what happened. Even if Bernie or Warren tells us something, no one knows if it's the truth or not. Only they will ever know for certain - assuming they even remember how it went down. That means that all the rest of us have to make our judgements based on the available facts. My judgement, considering all the circumstances, the polls, the timing, her history of lying, is that she's lying out her goddamn ass. And I'm not alone in thinking that. There's also, you know, the way she basically stole Bernie's campaign platform before watering it down and then backing away from it. And now she continues to run, even though a real progressive would look at the polling, the rallies, the funding, and clear the lane for Bernie, instead of continuing to compete with him. &gt; Regardless, the question has nothing to do with anything that’s important for the future of our country, and is just reality tv crap that CNN decided to run with And if Warren really cared about the things that mattered, the _issues_, she could have said all that in the debate. I want to be clear - I don't dislike Warren because she's running against Bernie. I dislike her because she sucks. We're not a Bernie cult. It's not our fault that the candidates are mostly garbage.
&gt; The most important thing is to deliver what WE want. After that, maybe someday you can have something you want. Really. Heh. No, dude. There is one goal. There’s no inbetween where we get a shitty neoliberal and call it half a victory. That’s not progress at all.
You're honestly retarded if you think Biden or Warren would be better. It's just a fucking coat of paint. And yes, if it's not Bernie, I will goddamn well vote Trump. If the country wants a right-winger so much, I will help deliver one. We'll see how many times the Dems have to lose elections with their neoliberal shitheaps before voters start to figure out that Blue No Matter Who can't save them.
Yeah, that'd be PCC. _Really_ solid program, or at least it was when I went several years ago. They go beyond what they need to do to satisfy NAACLS. The curriculum approaches MLS level. Not easy, but if you apply yourself, you will get a real education and spank the MLT board exam. The problem is - sorry to beat this horse, but you need to know - no matter how good your program is and how much you know, you'll still be an MLT. Finding a job will be hard because no one on the West Coast wants MLTs all that much, and you'll still get $5-10 less than your MLS peers. And then, if you want to move up, you can do a bridge program, but you'll probably have to do clinicals _again_, and the whole thing will take longer and cost more than if you just did the MLS program to begin with. I'm almost done with a bridge now, and it has been a _pain_ in my ass and seems like a cash grab, even though there's a real BS at the end. I thought I had good reasons for going MLT (shorter time commitment, fewer loans), but if I knew what I know now, I would have done it the other way. Or picked a different career to start, but then I'm not sure what. I guess you could get trained here and then move to some other part of the country where MLTs are more in demand, but that seems kinda weird unless you're just starting out in life and haven't settled down at all.
Don't let the door hit your ass.
It's not the AMA, though.
PCC should shutter their program. I'm serious. It's a great program but frankly it's dishonest to offer a degree that's almost worthless everywhere on the west coast.
Sanders isn't going to _have_ an administration if he keeps bowing to his enemies and throwing his supporters under a bus.
I don't know what Bernie knows, and neither do you. What I _think_ is that if Bernie's not going to hit his opponents _and_ he's going to apologize when his supporters and surrogates do it for him, then he's wasting everyone's time and money, and it's nauseating apologia like yours that makes people think we're a cult. I'm gonna have SO MUCH FREE SALT this year. First from you idiots, after they cheat Bernie again and he's campaigning for the nominee and apologizing for his bros' accusations of fraud and corruption, and then from the liberals when Trump wins again. Think Bernie'll run another "I'm sorry for trying to be President" tour in 2024?
She's seething at the thought that if he gets into office he may be able to reform healthcare - the thing she could never accomplish. Not that he's going to get into office running on apologies :P
&gt; We have large numbers Don't count the sheep.
CULT
If it looks like it's gonna pass, buy stock in temp agencies! "All our workers receive an excellent salary! What, those guys over there? Those are contractors! I'm sure their boss pays them a legal wage! Haw, haw, haw!"
You're aware that large parts of the internet don't believe in free speech, right?
\#BernieOrBust
Yep. The same liberals who scream that beating Trump (i.e. the only thing they care about) is THE ONLY THING THAT MATTERS (i.e. fuck anything we want) and that we must VBNMW are going to look right past this.
Didn't Bill say Hillary's eaten more pussy than he has? Is that a genuine quote, though? Seems like an awfully brazen thing to say.
&gt; Hillary Clinton: "I thought everyone wanted my authentic, unvarnished views!" No, we want you to burn to death while tied to a stake.
Ah yes, witter.com. The cleverer version of twitter.
The people who said we need a new party in 2016 have had almost four years to get started on one - and they haven't accomplished a single fucking thing toward actually starting one. Took the Greens decades to get nationwide ballot access. So, good luck with that. If you're really serious about building a third party? Start taking states over. If you control a state, you control all the legislation for that state. You can change voting, change elections, change ballot access... not to mention housing policy, minimum wage, education funding... SO MANY THINGS. States have a lot of autonomy. "The people" are in no way equipped to start a national party that can actually win elections, you _need_ to start preparing the ground to favor you while you grow your membership. Get a real foothold, don't make hopeless Hail Mary plays for national office. Republicans took over Illinois before they ever ran Lincoln for president.
The convention is going to be SWARMING with police. We're talking phalanxes of riot cops. If you don't see them, it's because they're two blocks away and around the corner, waiting for orders. Remember Occupy? Just like that. There will be no fight at the convention unless you're prepared for a street war. The delegates may be allowed in (or they may mysteriously be left off the guest list!), but the rest of you will be blocked off by police barricades.
I don't think she's anything sinister. I think she's just a principled _actual_ centrist who's anti-war and willing to make some small concessions to the left on domestic policy, and who also behaves a bit erratically in a desperate bid for publicity. She would not be the worst choice in the field, and in some alternate universe where she had any chance to win, I _might_ vote for her if she got the nom. But I don't believe she has the right domestic policy vision to help America, and in any case, this primary has gone pretty poorly for her. I don't think she's a great choice for VP; she needs to be put in some foreign policy-focused role.
I moved to a credit union. You know what? People like Bezos are _still_ obscenely rich.
You've been tricked. Warren doesn't want to change anything. If she's elected, the most she'll do to this system is tinker around the edges. Maybe a little regulation here, a means-tested program there. And what, I wonder, will she have to bargain away to get those reforms? America will look about the same when she's done as when she started - or worse.
Rich people don't create jobs, demand does.
Education for the win! Seriously, people need to be exposed to these ideas so they can honestly think and decide for themselves. They won't all agree - some people really are right-wing and prefer a stratified and controlled society, and there's a lot of right-wing propaganda out there - but it has to start with education.
You would be for Bernie if you actually understood anything about economics. &gt; VAT VAT is a regressive tax. It hurts the poor most. &gt; trusted individuals to decide how best to use the surplus (UBI) UBI will mostly be taken by landlords in the form of rent hikes, so the poor won't see any of it anyway - but even if they did, $12k/year is peanuts. Especially when Yang's whole argument for UBI is that robots are going to take all the jobs which means __he expects Americans to survive on $12k/year.__ Even if we pretend that the poor will get to keep that $12k instead of paying it in rent, trusting individuals to use their surplus wisely sounds super awesome, but the fact is that most people DO NOT know enough about the economy to make optimal decisions about how money should be spent in our society. Any casual student of economics would immediately understand that. &gt; empower people to pursue their interests and passions rather than rely on government jobs nobody wants to work but will be forced to in order to make a living A job guarantee isn't slavery, it provides an alternative to private sector work which will force private employers to raise wages and improve working conditions in order to attract workers. It also provides a workforce that can help do things like fixing or improving infrastructure, cleaning up natural areas, beautifying cities, building housing, etc. Your bit about "forced to work in order to make a living" is horseshit. People are _already_ forced to work in order to make a living if you haven't noticed and nothing Yang has proposed will change that. &gt; nuclear energy Nuclear energy is a tricky one. There are obvious benefits and I'm not worried about waste as much as some people who are unfamiliar with modern reactor designs, but the fact remains that nuclear plants are insanely expensive to build and spend their operating lifetime just making the cost back, and we only have so much fissionable material to use so going big on nuclear could be a mistake in the long term. Solar and other "green" sources of energy are also more efficient and viable than they were a few decades ago when everyone just assumed that nuclear had to be the answer. &gt; he was more concerned with helping everyone, including the middle class, and not just those earning below $15/hr. No reason we can't also help the struggling upper-lower &amp; middle class, including those unable to work or single parents (UBI) What lifts up the poor will also lift the middle class. People who have money to spend will spend more on goods and services. Minimum wage hikes will ripple upward. Again, if Yang supporters understood even the basic rudiments of economics, they would understand this.
Right. They're FINE with that. Their house, their rules. Except that the people in those parts tend to think the whole world should be their house.
Online college kinda sucks ass. Convenient sure, but not the best learning experience IME.
This is 2020. There's no time left to change things. We're working with the primary system we have RIGHT NOW.
Uh, we're not hurt at all by Trump. We think both sides are awful, remember? Trump, Hillary, Biden, it's all the same to us. Actually, Trump's been rather helpful for the left, all the kids are growing up wanting socialism and the workers are realizing they should have had strong unions after all. Cheers!
So I won the argument? Sweet! NEXT!
&gt; So let's all fight like hell to see our preferred candidate win the nomination. Then it's blue no matter who in the general, and we fight like hell against the greatest existential threat facing our nation. And then once the Dems are back in power, we fight like hell to make the changes we want to see in the nation, and in the world. No, son, no. We are not doing this thing where you get what you want right now, and maybe, someday - some day that will never come - maybe we get what we want. You've been getting left and indie votes for decades with this bullshit and you have never delivered the goods. You're going to give us what we want this time, because if you do, you get rid of Trump anyway - and if you don't, _we walk_ and you get nothing. We still owe you fuckers payback for 2016 and I for one will put a goddamn knife in your back and vote for Trump in November if you try screwing us again.
Your contract negotiatior SUUUUUUUCKS. Like, "was the hospital giving him kickbacks?" level of suck.
Eh. It's Reddit. The points are made up and the score doesn't matter. Well, it does slightly, but I've got a good supply of karma.
They figure their gravy train will last longer with Trump than Bernie. And they're probably right - but another Trump win against anyone-but-Bernie will torpedo the Dem brand for a lot of people who still have some faith in them right now. The true believers will cling on even harder, but the party will be permanently crippled in electoral contests.
I think it's easy to forget that there are a lot of Dem voters who are low info w/r/t issues, media dishonesty and so forth, but want to win 2020 and genuinely think that Bernie is a fringe candidate. They've completely bought into the idea that you have to run to the middle to get indies, moderates, maybe suck up some of that "leans Republican" support by being a really super-centrist (i.e. right) shitbag in a $4000 suit. (Or an $11000 pantsuit.) Some of these are the "he's not even a Democrat!" types, some are "America will never elect a socialist, maybe his heart is in the right place but we'll get killed in November if we run this guy". They're not feeling the Bern. They might be brainwashed, but they're not shills, at least not intentionally - more like useful idiots for the establishment. That's bad for us, of course - but it's also good, because the same broken logic that got them to where they are can tip them. If Bernie keeps surging in poll after poll after poll, while his competitors flail and Biden looks weak on issues middle America cares about, like SS, they're going to have to really start taking Bernie seriously. Now, I'm surprised that CNN of all outlets is actually giving Bernie positive press instead of just slamming him some more... but the "hey, wait, guys, Bernie's actually looking strong" theme in this video is what a lot of Dem voters are probably thinking. And yes, I'm sure they'll be smearing him in a week, because OF COURSE THEY WILL. That doesn't mean this is a fiendish mindtrap. It just means CNN is garbage.
Yes, ask her about the time Bernie groped her! ...wait, what? Better yet, don’t ask the serial liar anything.
No matter what year it is, libertarians are never not fucking insufferable.
I sure can.
And? So what? Fuck 'em.
It's time to start hitting back, I feel. Tell them they're exploiting social justice to score cheap political points. Tell them that even (group) is getting sick of their bullshit. Tell them everyone is getting sick of their bullshit. Tell them they're cancer and to fuck off. And don't get into back and forth with them, just hit them and then drop the mic. Enough people start doing this, it'll push them back under their rock.
\#BernieOrBust
I can't wait until that tech pipettes something onto a slide, while holding the pipette backwards, and then looks at it under a microscope and sees a bunch of glowing cells moving around and dividing, and this is how the tech will realize that the patient has undiagnosed diabetes. I just hope they superimpose a bunch of animated math equations over the scene so the tech looks super smart.
I suspect California mayors are surprisingly affordable.
You know, my great-great-grandfather didn't have access to antibiotics. Why should people today get any?
What attracts clueless morons to politics?
Repeating your thesis ad nauseam doesn't change anything. &gt; Yang promises UBI as just a foundation and more social programs will be built on top. Well, then he's a liar. &gt; With the student debt cancellation plan I am simply asking and you have my answer already.
I saw a number of tweets (from hot girls, if the photos are reliable) basically saying that anybody could be a "hot girl" for Bernie - old, young, man, woman, whatever.
I completely agree. He has been killing it tho.
There's a lot of poor righties. Some of them are able to accomodate "socialism can't save us" and "Bernie's plan would help my family" in their head at the same time. Some of them will struggle to reconcile this and pick the second one. But yes, most will turn on a dime in the general.
Who do you imagine would be, besides the SJWs themselves? Some say the CIA and/or FBI sent moles to make the New Left more toxic and divisive. If that's true it could explain a lot.
Naah. They're self-sustaining at this point. Plenty of histrionic, narcissistic drama whores willing to cry and scream for attention, w0ke status, and bullying power.
No more than usual?
&gt; But if the worst comes and he is not the democratic nominee, you still vote Dem NO CHANCE IN HELL. Trump for you, fucker! &gt; If you ignore your duty to do this I hope you’re happy with a radical, senile republican in office for another 4 years. You'd better hope you're happy with that if Bernie doesn't get the nom.
&gt; This is not an intelligent position cool story bro \#BernieOrBust &gt; If others see Bernie supporters advocating for scorched earth now they will still vote blue no matter who rite? Or are you going to betray your own party like Hilldawg?
&gt; Your job as a citizen is to vote for who you believe to be the best candidate out of your options. And I sure will! If Bernie doesn't get the nom, voting for the candidate whose victory will cripple the Dems and push Americans further left is the best option.
Drinking it, maybe.
&gt; If you aren't going to vote for Trumps opponent, then you are essentially saying you do not care whether or not the Dem nominee or Trump wins. No, I do care. If it's not Bernie then I want the Dem to lose :) &gt; Getting Trump out of office is too important _to you_. Other things are important to me. Give me what I want or you get NOTHING except a kick in the teeth.
&gt; it will be very difficult to unify the party when Bernie wins the nomination. Why - will aaaaaaaalll those Dems who are sooooooo desperate to get rid of Trump vote for him instead? Stay home? ROFL
Soulless gaslighting narcissists. All they care about is tribalism and bullying.
You'd be surprised.
&gt; The sign-on bonus is really just a symptom of our need. Your need is a symptom of mismanagement.
&gt; I maintain in my arguments that a significant sign-on bonus is only part of the solution. If we don't address the salary challenge, we won't reverse the trend. It frankly boggles my mind that the management at so many companies seems to think that they can just magically get more employees somehow without paying more to attract them. What do they think we are, avid hobbyists? Morons? Martyrs? Like other people are saying, a sign on bonus is a red flag. It means that you're desperate, and if you're desperate, there are management and/or staffing problems (and as a prospective employee, my assumption is that you will never admit to those problems so I'll have to guess at them from subtle clues, like how you're bribing people to walk in the door). Besides that, when I look at the value of that bonus, (a) I'm just going to view it as pay, amortized out to whatever length the minimum work contract is, which is then followed by a permanant pay cut, and (b) I'm going to value it less than actual pay, because as far as I know you lose the bonus if you don't serve your minimum time, and I expect to be walking into a job so bad I'll want to quit first, so I'll either lose that money or suffer for it. And I suspect very strongly that when I do that math, your company's offer won't measure up. The fact that your "really impressive" leadership not only "solved" their way into a critical staff shortage in an area that they knew had a small labor pool, but thinks it can trick employees into working for them for low pay, is super telling about their incompetence and their disrespect for their employees. If I were unemployed or underemployed and desperate for work, I could see working for your company as a kind of lifeline - and in that case, a sign-in bonus would probably help offset lost savings or credit card bills or something. But if I were already employed and looking for better prospects, it sounds like I would give your company a miss.
Genetic mutations.
Yes, you can. We don't usually need CMV- blood, and if we do, we'll pick it out from the pile.
Rh works a little differently because people who are Rh- don't naturally have antibodies to it - they have to be exposed first. So if you're Rh+, you can get either. If you're Rh- and you're a dude or an old lady AND you don't have antibodies, you can get either and there's a fair chance you'll get Rh+. If you're a young lady, we try to keep you from developing antibodies so you don't accidentally kill your babies, so you'll get Rh-.
C'mon now, cheer up. Be positive!
No shit? The Os in here think they have it bad XD
What's confusing?
The tests aren't perfect and they can't detect recent HIV infections.
Sickle cell has nothing to do with blood types. If you ever get a bad enough sickle crisis to need blood, they'll find out which one you are.
Your username makes me think you don’t need this explained - but if you want to correct me, you want to explain it to the group? Be thorough.
_wheels within wheels_
The police who escort people off property will have no qualms about messing with her now, and neither will the people telling the police to do it.
&gt; i never said that. You did. Your post is right there, guy. Maybe you didn't mean the thing you said? &gt; My question is regarding the 5th row. The 5th row is fine, except that people don't usually have natural Rh antibodies so sometimes it's okay if Rh negative gets Rh positive blood.
And there's a lot of other things we don't test for. And the tests aren't always accurate. But go on. You're so smart and you grabbed that spotlight, here's your chance to explain absolutely every detail about blood donor acceptance and blood testing. Leave nothing out.
Contact the medical records folks wherever you had your surgery or your pregnancy, they should have your blood type results on file. Or maybe you can even find them online.
Uh, what?
They sure had an effect on me. I voted Green in 2016 despite knowing they would lose. But this year, if we don’t get Bernie, I will vote Trump for maximum opposition to the Dem.
Expect to be disappointed, the whole group of Berners has too many bitchass "I don't want to vote for the Dem, but Trump!" cowards in it.
When you understand your shit so well you need help understanding your shit...
Why isn’t she 50 points ahead?
_eyeroll_
&gt; I already got an email from some hard core Antifa types saying that we should go to the convention armed just like the Trump bitches would. I appreciate their revolutionary spirit and all, but the cops will bitchown them, and they'll know that, and Antifa won't fight cops, soooo... you do the math. &gt; The thing is, if someone beat him fair and square, pretty much all of Bernie’s supporters would support whoever it was. I wouldn't. There's no other Dem candidate running that I could see myself supporting except maybe Tulsi, and she sure as shit will not win this primary.
Milwaukee won't burn. Guys, that place will be INFESTED with cops. We saw the playbook during Occupy. There will be barricades, street closures, guards, plainclothes observers... and entire phalanxes of riot cops, two blocks away and around a corner, waiting to march in and start arresting people. I wouldn't be surprised if they sent in agents provacateur and false flags because that's how the man rolls. And then every trash MSM outlet will lavish attention on the "violent socialist Bernie bros". A million people is out of the question. I doubt you'll get more than 30k.
Eh. Guy: "We need to get money out of politics!" Same guy: "I'm voting for the Dem with all the billionaire donors and superPACs backing him so the Republican won't win!"
No he's not.
What about Yang's pedophilia? What about his support for Saudi terrorists? What about those photos of Yang at a Klan dinner? What about his leaked plans to put poor Americans in camps?
You can say that, but here calling someone an asshole makes you the villain, but actually being one doesn’t. Tone policing is kinda out of control. The US could really use some kind of plague or something to reset people’s priorities.
Ah, I see you are new to national politics.
It's called a "lie" You invent them when you want people to believe things that aren't true, and then to make them work you tell the "lie" to other people. Nowadays, you can use software to simulate lots of people in order to spread "lies" even faster and make them look more authoritative. Honestly, we should look into getting some bots to spread socialism. I don't know why we don't. It's the new paradigm and no one has a problem with it except us, time to get with the program.
Their voters do, though. And if you want a seat at the table, you need to be able to hurt the people already seated at it.
No one votes for the Green Party anyway. Look at their stats.
If you can get me a "fell off a truck" price on a vortex mixer, I might be interested.
Under our current laws and culture, capturing the Dems would be _easier_ than making the Greens or a new party electorally viable. If you can't or won't do the first, you sure as hell won't do the second. And, as always, if you want to boost third party chances, __TAKE OVER STATE GOVERNMENTS.__ __TAKE OVER STATE GOVERNMENTS.__ __TAKE OVER STATE GOVERNMENTS.__ __TAKE OVER STATE GOVERNMENTS.__ __TAKE OVER STATE GOVERNMENTS.__
&gt; I can't believe that Hillary would just lie and then lie some more
If Kamala was still in I assume she'd have you arrested.
I mean, this part is, yeah. Soon comes the cheating and the gaslighting.
The only really effective way to do this is to organize, strike (or at least make credible strike threats), and use that leverage to get more influence in the hospital in addition to better compensation and other things. As long as it doesn’t matter what we want, what we want won’t matter. Other than that, you can try lab tours or other outreach, as well as charm offensives (send them snacks for Nursing Week or whatever). But in my view, these don’t really work; doctors and nurses only care about their own jobs, and only about the parts they’ll get in trouble for, so they won’t voluntarily participate, and if they’re forced to participate, they won’t learn anything or change behavior. The only way to correct these people is with a paddle. Some will say that assessment is too cynical and they’ve gotten results from outreach, but I did say this was my view.
&gt; "It's going to be hard for him to pull in people in the middle," Todd Darson, who is deciding between Biden and Buttigieg, said of Sanders. "That's what scares me the most.' See, we don't want them scared that Bernie can't pull in the middle. We want them scared that anyone else can't get the left and indies. __\#BernieOrBust__ __BROADCAST EVERYWHERE__ __\#BernieOrBust__
If you'd bothered to actually read all of this and not just the parts that say "FEC", "reporting", and "January 15", you'd know the report isn't even due yet. Christ on a cracker.
GO AWAY YANGTARD NOBODY LIKES YOU
GO AWAY YANGTARD NOBODY LIKES YOU
GO AWAY YANGTARD NOBODY LIKES YOU
GO AWAY YANGTARD NOBODY LIKES YOU
Four comments, three from people I’ve never seen around here attacking the source. Hmmmmm
If Bernie and his team have a plan to stop cheating, they won't reveal it until it's too late to counter. It's a secret technique. But, honestly, I don't think they have any plan. I think that Nina's answer is completely devoid of substance because there IS no substance. Unless she's hinting at \#BernieOrBust or a widespread loss of trust in the Democratic Party, but none of that will happen in time to save Bernie's run or keep another right-wing stooge out of the White House.
I haven't read through this site myself so I don't know how good the receipts are, but the outline looks pretty comprehensive: https://democracydetective.wordpress.com/report-2016-rigging/
Anyone who knew where the big cheating is going to hit could clean up, it sounds like.
Seems to be the bogus narrative of the day.
There is virtually no organization right now on the left that could birth a new party. What will happen is that the Dems will be semi-permanently weakened in election contests. It will remain to be seen whether the left can successfully organize with the "help" of perpetual Republican majorities or whether the Dems will be able to use the political vacuum to suck voters back in after a number of years. It's the only path forward if we're cheated, but I'm not optimistic that we'll actually walk it.
How do you talk to people who care about a candidate's supporters more than their record or platform? You don't. Fuck 'em. They're not close allies, they're not progressive, Bernie's not their #2. Find someone who doesn't plan on voting and convince THEM. Those people are closer to us than the Warren stans are.
"Not her, Us." It's Us or nothing. We can't rely on people like Bernie (or Nina, AOC, Tulsi, Jane, whoever) to carry us forever.
&gt; She really wants to be VP That's never been the impression I've gotten.
I ditched all my friends who had TDS about three years ago. Virtue signaling liberals, every single one. So, like... all my friends. Except for one old coworker who's basically apolitical, which is distressing in the "but don't you care what happens???" sort of way, but at least I don't have to deal with w0ke liberal shit. Once in a while I miss them, but really, I don't miss them. A glance through their social media inevitably quells any doubts.
And what happens if they don't? Is there any penalty? And who enforces it?
Precisely. I’m kind of struck by the Berners’ naïveté this year. People seem so surprised by bald-faced lies, vile smears. They seem to think “we won’t let them cheat/rig” or “they wouldn’t dare” - well, perhaps it speaks well of Berners that they think this way. Means they’re honest, decent people. But power makes up its own rules and breaks them whenever it wants. I fear a lot of people are going to get a practical education in ratfucking and villainy pretty soon.
It would still be easier to take over the Dem Party than make a new viable party. Doing that will involve electing more insurgents. But why wait? You should never vote for a crooked, corrupt, establishment crony again _right now_.
That’s one of those experiments that only confirms what we always knew but hadn’t proved yet. You just have to listen to them for long enough.
&gt; Not sure how to begin to do this, but we need to let them know in no uncertain terms that if the superdelegates fuck over Bernie again, we are not just willing, but are ORGANIZED to walk out Well, we would have to be organized first.
As I said last time this was posted, this is insightful but not really accurate. Mergers, new product releases and so on will also make stocks go up. Thus the stock market is an estimate of how much wealth can be extracted from the economy - _but we already knew that_. The more interesting take here is that the market considers stealing from employees to be no different from selling a lot of something; profit is profit. To anyone with a Marxist streak this isn't new either, but most people don't think of "let's start a business that makes money by screwing its employees" as a viable business plan when it actually is.
&gt; "apologize to Bernie" Only Warren could come up with a way to advertise having high principles in a way that inherently demonstrates she has none. Naah, who am I kidding. Lots of politicians could probably do that. But _it's so on-brand_ for her...
Never trusted Ro, still don't.
There are a zillion "helpful" articles out there telling you how to make the perfect resume and almost all of the advice is crap because you have no idea who at the company is looking at your resume, what specifically they're looking for, or what their personal taste in resumes is. One page or two? Detail experience or summarize heavily? Personal statement or no? Hobbies, yes or no? Which format is ideal? How formal should your tone be - professional, or _really_ professional? Did you use enough dynamic action words? Maybe you can cram another "facilitated" or "improved" or "developed" in there! You can go insane trying to polish your resume to a metaphorical mirror shine, only for a recruiter to decide that it was too shiny or he wanted the mirror in a metaphorical reclaimed wood frame. But, honestly, anyone who's not a complete and utter doofus will care somewhat more about the substance of the resume than the minutiae of its presentation. __There is no way to win this game. Stop trying.__ Check for typos and grammatical snafus, make sure all the most important info is on there, be sure to include any specific requirements the job description/ad listed (and use their words if possible), and then just send the thing in.
Yeah, it's not his style, but it would be great to hear a basic, no-bullshit condemnation of these pointless political games - including calling out Biden and Liz for lying repeatedly. The liberals would clutch their pearls into diamonds, but everyone else would be like YES GO OFF KING
There won't. But the party's electability will be flushed down the toilet.
Your criticism is misguided. If you're trying to satisfy the HR twerps with minutiae, you're back to "you can't guess, so stop fretting and roll the dice already" (and HR isn't going to care about that stuff, anyway). If you're trying to match their job requirements without requiring them to think or know anything about the job, you're back to "use their words to match the requirements".
“Paying off all of a poor or middle-class person’s college debt is a regressive policy!” AHAHAHAHA
They all look older. People say Asians don't show their age, but they look like children in their oldest videos compared to now.
That’s some quality bootlicking.
Incremental change isn't really the problem; the problem is empty promises of incremental change that take one step, or one purely symbolic step, or no actual steps at all, and then stop.
No point making demands as long as they won't be taken seriously anyway.
https://www.reddit.com/r/WayOfTheBern/comments/guey0g/the_deceptive_race_narrative_being_deployed_to/
I mean, that's all on you. If you want to play the hero now that you've been at risk, that's your choice. But don't be the crab in the bucket.
Holy shit dude, change your media diet XD
Considering the size and location, that price seems reasonable to me.
Unironically true AND customer service will look good on your resume. You still need the cert though, unless you live in banjo land.
America is already too big to govern. The idea that we can build a new America with revolution is daft. The federal government needs to be dissolved. Revolutionaries need to think about securing their states, or securing city states, with an eye toward logistics: food, clean water, sanitation, housing, medicine, electricity, and public defense. If you can build that you have a foundation to survive and rebuild on. If you can’t, you will have third-world poverty, bandits, and warlords. It is a perfect opportunity for left ideology, but there is no guarantee of success.
&gt; I think I'm a supergenius who can learn kanji WAY faster than everyone else. Huh. Well, good luck with that. I'm pretty sure there are scripts or external apps using WK's API or something that can speed things up somehow. Seems like everyone who uses them eventually decides it was a mistake. But it's a small sample size...
Soooo... who wants to descend into full-on fascist martial law with black torture sites for accused communists named by right-wing star chambers? I mean, I've been preaching accelerationism for a bit, and this is potentially one place it leads. But I also think, the only way we win this is with popular resistance and radical change. So maybe that's where we need to go, or at least head toward, until people are scared and angry enough to really fuck shit up. I can see how that might give Krystal, Kyle, or anyone else cold feet.
Here at WotB, we have a rare view of politics. Instead of cultural slapfights between right and left, we want to see common people united against the wealthy elite who have taken over the government of our country. But goddamn if a lot of the righties that post here lately aren't IDIOTS. I honestly can't tell if y'all are trolls or if you get up like this in the morning. We've got armies of professional gangs suppressing US citizens' basic constitutional rights and you're terrified/outraged about some dumb teenagers who are basically harmless? What propaganda pipe have you morons been sucking on, and why?
This isn’t a negotiation, this is a beating. When they’re afraid of us, then negotiation happens. They’re nowhere near that point yet - you’ll know when they are when they start using lethal rounds on protesters or start actual martial law.
So far, there is no established pattern of people doxxing cops and visiting their homes or attacking them on sight - so yes, they act with impunity.
Feel free to elaborate if you intend to be taken seriously.
First, he would have to unendorse Biden, murder him with words, disavow Russiagate, condemn election fraud, apologize to his former supporters for stabbing them in the back repeatedly and then abandoning them, and get back to welcoming the hatred of the elite. Considering it's June, probably ought to pick a VP as well.
By definition, reasoned arguments have to contain reason. Yours contains crazy bullshit.
IKR? Why can't civil unrest be restful?
&gt; frames class and race as a binary It does not. &gt; ironically most blacks do not feel their class issues are not directly connected to their race. If they didn't believe in gravity, it would still pull them down. But it's great how we've created a popular narrative that blacks are automatically the foremost experts on oppression and don't have to listen to anybody (especially white leftists) or be educated in any way on these issues. &gt; we have to decide that people are humans first before we can establish any sort of meaningful relationship to them and money. Doctors often discredit the pain of their black patients, black women die at a higher rate from birth than white women. so if blacks are facing that, they should soley worry about class issues? I'm not going to go hunt up all those studies and scrape the methods and data, so I'll pose this as rhetorical questions that you're welcome to answer if you actually know what the answers are: what was the average SES of the black patients studied, relative to other races or the general population? Were the findings corrected for local or regional differences? Did the disparity correlate more with race or SES - or was that even studied? In general, anywhere you find studies on race or gender, you will find class confounders that are insufficiently studied - at least this is my experience. The professional SJWs who come up with these studies typically treat class a minor issue, a "nice to have" that has to come after racial and gender justice. Should blacks care more about class issues? In the immediate, practical sense, they should care about class issues whenever class activism gets better bang for buck than race activism does. But in the bigger picture, if classism is the root cause of racism, then they are wasting their time attacking the symptom. If anything, you are the one framing class and race as a binary. If you have a class analysis of racism, it's entirely possible to address both at once. &gt; being frank, saying this isnt pulling black people in the fold Black liberals, you mean? Black conservatives whose experience as an oppressed minority has only radicalized them in very specific ways? Those people are not more helpful than their white counterparts.
Your argument is ignorant and I'm dismissing it as such. Thanks for playing.
No one pointed a gun at your head and made you use Reddit.
The tree of liberty is thirsty and it cries for blood. I wonder when - or indeed, if - civilians will start shooting back at police, and in what context: will it be at a protest? Will it happen in the form of drive-bys? Or will we see targeted reprisals, maybe attacking police on their beat or in their homes? The initiation of deadly force against police would, of course, trigger the imposition of martial law and probably widespread Constitutional violations. But as I saw someone say not too long ago - was it on this sub, actually? - we're already under martial law, we just don't know it. Barring some major backpedaling by the oligarchy, we are headed for fascism and violent insurrection one way or another, and I think we all kinda knew it. Meanwhile, we have three hundred million clueless Karens fretting over looting, and even protesters who seem reasonably clueful are still repeating nauseating fairy tales about the power of nonviolence and congratulating themselves on remaining civil while anonymized, militarized thugs who may or may not be actual police brutalize them without consequence and politicians stand by and watch it happen, like so many robots or sociopaths. As it was for MLK, it's the moderates that disappoint me most. Still, if you can get out of America while it commits suicide, it's better than fighting, unless you have a deathwish.
Canada would be better than a US under martial law and fascism.
I'm a little disturbed by this sub's sudden and unexplained turn toward the idea that the virus is, in effect, all a great hoax. Then again, it goes well with this sub's embracing of hydroxychloroquine, azithromycin, zinc, frog's toes harvested by the light of the new moon, and maybe cocaine as _the One Weird Old Cure for an imaginary pandemic that THEY don't want you to know ("scientists" hate it!)_ since obviously Big Pharma wants to charge you a thousand dollars a pill for an antiviral that... oh wait, that one doesn't work either. This is especially hilarious coming from someone so closely tied to New York, where the existence of the virus is generally not in doubt. Man, this place has really gone to hell since its raison d'etre turned into a Biden Bro. Magic supplements, flat-earth theories - and oh yeah, warmed over T_D rejects swearing that Antifa is the greatest terrorist threat in America.
&gt; Feel the energy. Just don't breathe it in. Or get it in your eyes. I was feeling pretty apocalyptic about all this protest stuff, with the police brutality and the looming fascism, but I think it's going to wane. Getting out of my bubble a bit reminded me that the majority of the protesters aren't actually leftists, and that all this energy is going to be wasted fetishizing black misleaders who are calling for de-escalation and a return to the status quo with its false promises.
&gt; To me ...it's up to white people like me to do the loudest talking. We're the problem. Are we? Because, I gotta tell you, I don't feel like my hand is on the lever of power. Say "white privilege" as much as you want, but the fact is the government doesn't do what I say. I tried to vote for politicians I thought would help and they mostly didn't win. Should I have added a note to my ballot that said I was white, wink wink?
You're too late. Barring some utterly boneheaded overreach by the authorities, this spark is already snuffed.
It's not even the Dems, I think. I mean, they are opportunists and parasites, so of course they're going to try to steer things. "A politician is someone who, seeing a parade, runs out to march at the head of it." But there are plenty of liberals who are not really connected to the party who hide behind false concern about racial justice and attack critics of this kinder, gentler, castrated protest direction as cryptoracists and whitesplainers. _It's just what they do._ Just like the protests are about something bigger than police, this twisting of the narrative is bigger than a political party.
Didn't really think of it that way (to me, red bean paste doesn't have the same richness as, say, pudding) but I see what you're saying. But when you put it that way, it makes me surprised that sweetened tofu isn't more common.
&gt; I have no problem with people watching uploaded videos. So you have no problem with people building an audience using IP they haven't licensed? That's curious. Do you know that some of those reactors have probably monetized their videos? If their anti-copyright strike and anti-demonetization measures have been effective then they're making money off of someone else's IP... you don't have a problem with that? What about the people reacting to live videos from the Blurays? That were, you know, uploaded illegally? All the fans saying "hey check out Play or Moritorium or that acoustic track" are all tacitly supporting piracy. I guess you don't have a problem with that. What about fancams? Just because the band or venue doesn't expressly forbid film or video recording doesn't mean that those shows are free to distribute. I think you haven't thought your position through at all.
&gt; You are trying to paint a world where there are two options Strawman. &gt; I'm against people uploading stuff the band are actively trying to sell. Stuff they aren't selling any more...no, I'm not bothered. So you're opposed to copyright. Funny how you're defending it then. &gt; Reactors actually have the law on their side regarding "fair use". Not really. Calling reaction videos "fair use" is a stretch - fair use has specific requirements - and the courts get to decide whether any particular infringement falls under fair use or not. (Which is one of the many criticisms of current copyright law, incidentally: the public is granted a limited right to use a copyrighted work without a license, but can _only_ determine whether their use is actually legal by committing what could be an illegal act and then finding out after the fact if it's okay or not.) It's never a "get out of jail free" card. &gt; why do you believe that music, which actually takes time and money to record, should be given away free, and that you have the right to never have to pay for it? Begging the question. You imply that created works are the creator's property to give away. In fact, they are not; once published, they belong to the public. This is not my wacky opinion, it's legal fact. It's also purely pragmatic. The difference between real property and IP is that real property concerns one physical thing, whereas IP concerns an idea or expression that can be copied effectively infinitely without diminishing the original. The idea of "stealing" something like music by copying it is completely nonsensical, because nothing is taken away. We could argue over the extent of what the limits of copyright should be. I'm not interested in having that argument with anyone - let alone someone who probably only has a basic understanding of copyright law, its history, and the social and legal issues around it. I've put time into this; I doubt you have. But here is what mainly bothers me. The OP asked a question about what uploads people would support. I posted my answer. If you (or that other guy, who I've blocked) don't like my answer, that's too fucking bad for you. It doesn't give you license to be assholes by attacking me and demanding that I explain my position. I don't have to. If you want to obey copyright yourself, then by all means do - but if you're going to play at being copyright's white knight, maybe you should start acting like you actually support it, instead of carving off exceptions whenever you don't like the outcome of the existing laws.
No. There are anti-science whack jobs all over the political spectrum.
I've been thinking on this myself - what we need is one of two things, either counter-attacks on police and the oligarchy, or a massive left mobilization. (Or both.) Except there is no massive left. What lefties there are in the streets seem to be playing the role of militant protesters, but all things considered, I wonder if they wouldn't be smarter to take themselves off the front lines and instead try to educate the big dumb peaceful liberal crowds about the connections between racism and capitalism, in anticipation of future COVID-related protests to come. The current protest is a lost cause, but we should make hay while the sub shines.
Spit in the face works for both.
Riots had nothing to do with it. DNC cheated, Bernie dropped out, the pussyhats couldn't even be bothered to ask for a less rapey neoliberal. So of course Biden is the nominee. Now we defeat him in November.
It's shocking to me the number of people who don't remember Occupy. Lessons were taught there and it seems NO ONE learned them, and now we have mushbrains _literally_ saying "nothing like this has happened since the 60s!" America deserves to fall. It really does. DAPL was smaller, but there were lessons there too.
"I've heard that people want radical change. I don't understand that, because I'm a clueless milquetoast moderate, and it frightens me. can't we just apply some bandaids around the edges of the problems and congratulate ourselves before letting the whole thing drop?"
nobody cares, eat a dick
Daydreaming
&gt; On the books since 1976, 50-a is virtually singular as a roadblock to basic transparency—in almost every state in America, a member of the public can find out if a police officer has broken any kind of code of conduct. And yet, brutality and corruption isn't limited to NY. Gosh, it's almost like having public access to this information _doesn't actually matter at all_ because the justice system won't prosecute itself. But who knows. Maybe NY is even worse than everywhere else, and it's _specifically_ because of 50-a. In which case we can expect NY police to be reduced to the level of corruption and brutality that exists in the other states - where cops still murder black people (and non-black people too, mind you) with no real accountability. I'm still predicting that we get no real change from these protests, and they will fizzle. Trying to keep this protest strictly about police racism and brutality when those things are merely symptoms of classism and corruption - and alienating a majority of the US population by telling them to wait their turn for justice during a time when millions of whites are unemployed and angry at both big business and the government - is a huge mistake (or establishment tactic), and it's being made because most blacks and most liberals have no actual left education and can't see the bigger picture.
&gt; MLK who said the three evils in society were racism, economic exploitation, and militarism. And today BLM and all the movements like it seem to have forgotten 2/3rds of that equation. Or maybe it's worse; maybe the lesson black activists took from MLK's life and death is that you're allowed to fight racism as long as you don't challenge wealth and authority, and that's why most of them don't want to touch class with a ten foot pole.
Do your own homework.
And then defund the military.
If you wanted our votes, you should have given us what we wanted for them.
They should be about class, and some of them might be in fact (due to the sentiments of particular protesters), but the establishment, black misleaders, and liberal white "allies" are doing everything they can to cut class out of the conversation, make this SOLELY about how police treat black people, and paint anyone else as a violent white anarchist on a selfish destructive free-for-all.
I wonder how many rubber bullets, tear gas grenades, LRADs, urban combat vehicles, and heat rays you can buy for $300M. Oh, I'm sure there'll be some "de-escalation training" - gotta give the consultants their slice.
He'd make a lovely effigy. Put a riot suit and a pig mask on him, hang him from a noose, and then set his body on fire at the rally.
Combine a car cigarette lighter with your name stamp and BRAND the label.
Only had one of these. I just passed it along, like a good cog. If the pathologists want to have me screen physician requests and back me on it, they'll have to say so.
&gt; Call the doctor directly? What do you do in situations like this? Call the pathologist on deck. Whatever they can work out with the doctor is fine. &gt; There was no pathologist Then SOP is god. "I'm sorry, this specimen is not acceptable for testing." The doctor can choose to have the baby redrawn or they can treat empirically. When the baby dies from acute bloodemia, maybe they'll bring on an extra path.
&gt; driving people away from it with negativity isn’t going to fix the problems. Denial won't fix the problems either - in fact, if I had to choose between driving people away from the field and pretending the field doesn't have problems as a strategy for fixing the problems, I'd choose the first one, no question. Starving the field until something breaks appears to be the only way to fix it. I recognize your username, so you might recognize mine - I've been advocating for techs to organize and act collectively to lift up the field pretty much since I got here. But most of them don't want to do it, and a lot of them don't care or don't see any point, and then there's the Pollyannas who insist that things are great - which means that I, personally, am stuck with all the crap the rest of you settle for. That's plenty enough reason to be bitter, and since the reason is constant, why shouldn't the bitterness be, too? &gt; The work we do is important Not to anyone whose opinion matters, apparently.
Using the results from the first tournament, perhaps the second one could be arranged to put similar performers together, to give some of the lesser-loved but still good songs a chance, instead of having them knocked out immediately by fan favorites. The end of the tournament would be pretty similar, though, I think. It's not like any of the early losers would actually have beaten the finalists.
&gt; I also advocate for unionization and collective bargaining but doing so should be a motivation to stay, not a reason to throw up our hands. I mean, if people would actually do it, sure. I have a saying: Lots of techs strike. They just do it individually, make no demands, and never come back.
We'll hate the enemy after the traitors are dead.
I'd rather not rep my empire TBH... too much baggage :P
While this is absolutely despicable and cruel, calling it “poison” is going a bit far. Capsaicin isn’t toxic.
Well, no. It’s cutting YOUR nose off, to spite YOUR face. And I am _so_ in. &gt; The problem is we only have two choices That’s literally false. There are multiple choices. “Well not really because only Trump or Biden can win.” Then you have no choice, motherfucker, because Biden can’t win. Which is why your clown ass is in here, desperately trying to shame your shitheap party some extra votes from people who would happily light you on fire and watch you die. &gt; Biden is a shit choice that you will learn to regret deeply. But hey! Your party wanted a terrible president, and you’re gonna get a terrible president! Cheers!
Well, for God’s sake, don’t ask your manager. They would be on the opposite team if you did want to unionize. There are lots of reasons people don’t unionize: maybe they’re afraid of losing their jobs or drawing negative attention; maybe they have no idea how; maybe they’re anti union. Techs can have all of these traits, plus they tend to be shy and conflict-averse, plus they’re usually given enough pay and benefits that some are satisfied... so getting a majority of techs in a lab to form a union is pretty hard.
ASCP doesn’t give a damn about us, in fact they’re helping to hold us down. ASCLS is basically inept... and poorly funded, I guess, but throwing money at them won’t make them more effective, I fear.
I was thinking she might. English looks simple at first, but the characters have so many readings and sometimes there’s no way to tell which one a word uses...
Nice trick, finding an employer that just voluntarily gives its employees much more than another employer (in the same region, I suppose) will give even when pushed by collective bargaining. Either you had a worthless union or you're telling tales.
The shameless mix of cel-shaded CG and 2D art is creeping me out a little.
I'm saying your story is fishy. Take it however you like.
&gt; This is their chance to fix the ~~ending~~ __ME1 inventory system__
&gt; I would like to see some data to back this up. Until someone does a formal study on tech opinions of unions separated out by respondant age, the only data I can offer you besides personal anecdata is the 14 upvotes on my previous comment. Clearly I'm not the only one who sees this.
&gt; Are we not in a scientific field? In name, yes. Plenty of kooky techs though.
Did they really lose the culture wars? The liberals created a counterculture so large that it can reliably win electoral contests everywhere except in liberal strongholds... and if you view the GOP as an arm of oligarchy, then they’ve made working class politics poisonous, which is a win for their sponsors.
If I get a cut on my hand on the weekend, it will be on the last day. If I get a cut on my hand on a weekday, it will be just before morning rounds.
&gt; That disincentivizes the party from allowing primaries doesn't it? They haven't allowed a primary in years. Whatever. You fucked around, now you'll find out. You might want to tell the Dems to stop pushing Biden left; all those communist false promises he's trying to fool us with are just going to alienate the moderate Republicans you guys are going to pretend you can attract at the last minute.
What about the patient? They're welcome to treat themselves. Just because the healthcare industry exists doesn't mean that medical workers owe the world anything. We expect to get paid for what we do, or else we'll do what we get paid for.
Desperation.
&gt; If you can't be convinced to support Democrats, just don't expect Democrats to make appeals to the left in the future We don't. Don't you get that? The game is up. We see you. That's why we're gone. &gt; the left just can't expect to get even the level of concessions and appeals to them that they've gotten this time around Good, that should help us make our case to the confused progressives that the Democrats have become a right-wing party that needs to be destroyed.
Obviously, since kanji take a lot of effort to learn, they must not be good for anything! -Aesop's fox
We're at a similar level in our studies, it sounds like. I'm L11 in WK, but I have a good chunk of extra vocab from watching lots of Japanese media. Bunpro says you're a bit ahead of me on N5 grammar but I've got some from all the other levels as well. TBH, I don't feel ready to jump into reading as a form of study yet. I can go anywhere there's "wild" Japanese text (i.e., intended for native Japanese, not dumbed-down study material) and not recognize at least half of the kanji. And when you consider that a Japanese high school student might be expected to know around 20k words and WK only teaches 6k and we're only a fifth of the way through WK... there's a _lot_ we don't know yet. I can manage some graded readers but anything past approximately kindergarten level (I guess) is a challenge at best. I'd take the guys who say you need to start reading immediately with a grain of salt. If you don't mind reading like you were decrypting a secret message, with a dictionary next to you so you can look up words _constantly_, go for it - I think that's too much frustration. I've just finished an unrelated degree program and I'm going to have a lot more free time to study Japanese, so I'm going to add more of those little kid readers and more grammar and vocab study to my plate - but right now I think I'm just at a point where I still don't have enough fundamentals nailed down to start consuming Japanese in a productive way.
Concrete examples of the effects of "reshaping establishment"? Because the establishment still seems pretty established to me. This headline is trying to blow smoke up my ass.
&gt; we've been desperate for new techs Maybe you have, but your employer's not - or they'd be offering those bonuses the OP isn't seeing.
Right. That's what we should be doing something about. Make them not fine until the people running the tests get new techs.
We'll keep pretending not to be Trump supporters as long as you keep pretending to be real people. &gt; what I see here are mostly right wing memes and talking points ...where "right" means "literally anything that disagrees with me"
&gt; “property has always been seen as more important than our black lives and white lives, yellow lives, brown lives, red lives. &gt; and of course a perennial favorite, “i don’t see no riot here, why are you in riot gear?” Honestly, if you're going to lead with &gt; “we need something new. we need to assert our fucking humanity,” he says. cops kill people &amp; we’re supposed to accept possibly, maybe sometimes firing them? placing them on administrative leave? &gt; “there is no negotiating. there is no reconciling,” then maybe you SHOULD be rioting.
This thread blew up. Looks like that cartoon hit a nerve XD
ROFL They're not going to do that.
Go straight to MLS if you can. I was an MLT first and regret it.
&gt; Under current rules, 25% of the committee members can bring a minority resolution to the floor to be voted on by the whole convention. Which the 75% can vote NO on. Aww, it didn't pass. &gt; Compromise is most likely when there is reason to do so There is no reason to do so. Biden won. Bernie lost. That means Bernie gets NOTHING. What's he going to do about it? &gt; At the convention, we'll get compromise in more progressive appointments: No we won't. Bernie has literally no leverage here, and neither do we. &gt; Expect Biden to make more platform compromises They're called "lies". He tells them all the time. &gt; In the context of this cycle, your Sanders primary vote was like spending $20 (or $2800?) on a bunch of lottery tickets, and they all lose.
I was getting about 65% in LabCE adaptive tests and I passed the BOC. (Dunno my score yet, they're still sorting out my transcript.) I will say most of the first 50-60 questions were absolutely brutal and I could feel my back making knots like a sailor with nothing to do. I don't know if I passed after that or the test took pity on me cause I couldn't answer any of the hard stuff.
Okay? Not that interesting to me.
I hope that question was clearer in Japanese than it did in English.
I didn't dislike Conqueror but I can weigh in here... Just to get it out of the way, the album is over compressed. All their albums use a lot of compression but they've been using more and more and Conqueror finally crossed a line. The mix was professional and competent but I feel like MISA got buried a bit and I don't know if that was a deliberate decision to deemphasize the bass, or if Kanami wrote songs that had too much other stuff going on to consistently get that "everyone gets room to shine" effect that we saw with earlier songs. Conqueror lacked consistency. There are some absolute bangers on the album and it's their most mature playing and songwriting, but for me, there are also a number of skippable tracks (especially in the front half of the album) and whether you like The Dragon Cries or not it sounds completely different from the rest of their catalog. I also feel this album lacked any kind of cohesive direction. And this is a hard criticism for me to make because I've called for more experimentation and saying this makes it sound like I got my wish and now I regret it. But as we know, this album is literally a grab bag of songs they wrote at various points while they were on tour; they were never really meant to be an album. Obviously they did their best to arrange the album so it flowed well (even making Kanami write Dilemma at the last minute so they could have a heavier song in the mix) but that doesn't change what it is. And finally, the "they sold out" chestnut... I'm one of the people who came to Band-Maid from mostly harder music, so I'm not a big fan of the lighter tracks on Conqueror. We have to remember that they're not whiskey-soaked, cigarette-smoked, riding-with-the-Devil scum from the LA strip or a hollowed-out factory town or a 100-degree garage in Texas. They're pop singers and band geeks, and hard rock is their second gimmick. We all get sick of people freaking out every time the band does something light, but I have to admit I feel it too.
We need to share the wealth and the power, not the Monopoly money.
The older I get, the less patience I have for these interview questions. Don't waste my time with this stuff, this is a business, not a cult or Fantasy Island. We all know we're here for a paycheck and if we could retire today we'd do it. In fact, studies have shown that interviews are a crappy way to select good candidates, so if we could stop doing them altogether, that would be fantastic, because I didn't get a BS in BS. On that note, if anyone wants to hang out and shoot the breeze I'll be on Skid Row after I walk off my current, underpaid, phlebotomy-included position and find that snarky answers to bullshit interview questions make me completely unhireable. Masks will not be provided; what, did you plan on living forever?
&gt; The People's Party is a new national progressive party. No it isn't. It's vapor, pretending to be a party.
These days, "do you have a source for your claim?" is the new "oshit, you caught me".
&gt; they believe that is enough to appease POC and get their votes. It generally has been.
America needs an enema anyway.
We live in a broken society. Trust in institutions is low, for very valid reasons, power cares only about itself, and national pride has given way to political and cultural tribalism. This is nothing new, but we are seeing it worsening.
We only have the power if we act collectively. A few losses here and there can be replaced - or not, to save on payroll. We've been told for years that we're in huge demand due to a shortage and wages are going to soar any day now, yet hospitals and labs simply refuse to increase lab budgets or compensation. Either management doesn't give a shit about being understaffed, or they are ABSOLUTELY determined to win this game of chicken.
&gt; But nothing will change because most of us know that when work doesn't it done, the patient suffers. And most of us just can't bring ourselves to let that happen and the cycle continues. You must like being fucked over. Like, it's literally the hospital jeopardizing the patients. And you're going to burn yourself out and make it harder for your coworkers to organize... so that the hospital can save money and maybe some execs get better bonuses. Meanwhile, enabling them like this will actually hurt more patients in the long run. If you want to be a charity, work in a soup kitchen.
&gt; Please blow smoke up our asses, that's what we really want.
&gt; I suspect that a lot of the derisiveness of the anti-class reductionists is intentional, a way of dividing progressive forces. The persons involved may be useful idiots, but the institutions that spotlight them and are open to influence. You botched your last sentence, but I agree with what I think you're trying to say.
&gt; We not afraid of no fucking fields The way you vote, particularly in the south, you're afraid of something. &gt; You think we gonna let these motherfuckers put chains on us and enslave us? They already have...
He posted one sentence, then edited it into a novel later *shrug*
&gt; Did you choose to support sanders by reading his website, alone? I bet you didn't. It is far more likely that your support for sanders developed by listening to recordings of rallies, any media appearances made by him, debates, or media appearances by his surrogates. In short, Sanders whether it was himself, or his message met you where you "called home" and resonated with you to the point that you decided to support him. Well, no. I looked at his record. I looked at his votes and speeches in Congress. I looked at his work as mayor of Burlington. After that I sought out his interviews - sought out, meaning that the media didn't go out of its way to spoonfeed them to me. That was how I knew him... and four years ago, we were screaming at people to look at his record and judge his character from his public work. His black campaign surrogates have ALWAYS talked about his record and his character. &gt; item #3. A political platform and political messaging that does have a specific focus on issues facing black people is not going to resonate with the black community. Except he did have one. In fact he had the most comprehensive racial plank of any Democratic candidate. There was a speech he gave to a predominantly black school in DC, early in the 2016 primary, long before anyone demanded that he publish some kind of racial plank, that contained most of the elements that later appeared in that plank. (I know he gave it, because I watched the video. Wish to hell I could find it now, but it's lost somewhere in the internet and I haven't been able to dig it up.) He was already on that shit long before anyone asked. For 2020, he made a bigger attempt to reach out to the black community, because he'd been told that was one of the failings of his 2016 run and why he did so poorly in the south. He didn't carry hot sauce in his purse, though, and he wasn't selling favors to black ministers, and I guess that's the sort of thing black people really care about, if they're going to vote for racist old Joe Biden because they "know" him. &gt; You also want us to do all this for a largely unknown politician, and in spite of the long history of us being excluded from economic justice. That is a tall fucking ask, which makes it all the more annoying when people like op are so flippant and ignorant. It's not a tall ask at all. It shouldn't have been difficult to pick Sanders from all the options. He wasn't asking for compromise with racists; he was making the best offer, and he had the best record. &gt; have you considered that black people arnt voting for you because of an issue with black people, and that maybe the issue is with the campaign/political tactics of left wing politicians? Oh, sure. But when you turn your nose up at someone who's likely to help you the most in favor of a racist who has thrown you under the bus before and will do it again if he can because you "know" him, when you drag Sanders for not saying "yes" to cash reparations but give a pass to all the other candidates, I start to think that leftists aren't the problem after all.
&gt; So I see you, like op, have no intentions of actually trying to understand the shortcomings of the leftist movement. I am the OP, so you got mixed up somewhere. &gt; I can't talk to someone when you run out of talking points. Naw, for real tho, I'ma let you finish. &gt; I can't talk to someone who disingenuously interprets phrases like meet people where they are or where they call home" as "going out of your way to spoonfeed info to people. ROFL When you demand that politicians come to you on "black media" because major cable channels and newspapers aren't reaching you, then yes, you're asking to be spoonfed. One of the side effects of white supremacy is that I don't need to check to know that white media is everywhere. Either that or you're asking for something else... a show, maybe? Did Sanders need to go on Arsenio Hall and play a sax? Did he need to do the nae nae? What was it? It's not as though he didn't campaign in the south - hell, he spent more time there than Joe "Corn Pop" Biden. &gt; Finally, you all should study real politics, because you all need a lesson in political strategy. This, from the guy justifying trading real allies on the left for neoliberals. I mean, I guess you know what side your bread is buttered on. &gt; Why were black people so willing and ready to back the socialist freedom fighters of the 60s and 70s(mlk, stoakley charmicheal, Fred Hampton, the majority of the black panther party leadership), but totally unwilling to join you all today? What is the difference between the modern left today and the leftists who led the black community? 50 years of right-wing propaganda.
&gt; You started off this post accusing people of falsely accusing you of class reductionism and I got you to reduce all racism to class issues in 2 comments lol. You betrayed yourself. All you did was demonstrate how clueless you are about class. &gt; The left has little to no presence in the black community. &gt; The left, especially socialists, have very little political power or presence in the United States. Lets not overestimate your importance here. And yet, here you are. See? It's just like I said: you're a beaten people. You side with neoliberals who do nothing for you because you're afraid of losing. "The left can't win, they can't win" is the refrain here. I see you. &gt; Voting is how you win political power and there is no left candidate that will win without winning the vast majority of the black vote. The Republicans seem to do alright. They're taking over the country, you know. Well, this was a fun conversation. Thanks for unintentionally supporting a lot of the things I was saying. It's great to have an actual black liberal in here to speak on his people's behalf and let us know that we're wasting our time trying to get black support when there are other people who will be more receptive to a left-populist message.
If we had real worker solidarity, LabCorp/Quest would discover that they couldn't get applicants for their open positions, or that the workers they have suddenly stop meeting metrics.
If that was your takeaway from my post, you're... erm. How did you put it? &gt; either a troll or extremely misinformed about your own political beliefs and poorly educated Yeah, that. BTW, I actually have taken a sociology 101 course! Had to fill out those prereqs somehow. It was very interesting and I recommend it to more people, honestly, although it could really do without some of the ahistorical narratives that were presented in class. It's the reason why I understand what the right is talking about when they talk about "cultural Marxism", and I gotta be honest, they have a point about the misapplication of Marx's ideas about class and capitalism (which they usually don't understand, but never mind that) to identity politics.
Yes, I am also looking out for Number One these days.
&gt; With respect, this is not true. We know that black Americans are discriminated against in hiring, to the point that our names alone might decide our hiring rates. Redlining has historically kept blacks from owning businesses by denying them loans, and predatory loans were targeted against blacks as recently as the 2008 financial crisis - at greater rates and with more deliberate aforethought than at poor whites. You're talking about racial _causes_ of poverty. I'm saying that regardless of how you _got_ poor, the effect of poverty is the same. I've heard from many black people over the years that they don't trust socialists because they think we're going to lift up the white poor and cut blacks out. Yet this is _precisely_ what most reparations proposals to do to whites. &gt; But we're not merely talking about a 'debt'; we're talking about a sense of injustice. The fix for hurt feelings is to get over them. You're just nursing a grudge. Your idea that reparations would get blacks on board with class struggle by healing their bitterness is a fantasy. There's no consensus among blacks how much is enough or what form reparations must take; some say universal programs would suffice, others say they must only be for blacks, or for slave descendants, and if anyone else benefits it doesn't count; others want cash payments, and for all the people who are absolutely certain they're owed, it doesn't appear that anyone knows quite what they should be paid. We could pour money into that well forever and never satisfy everyone - and it won't happen anyway, the white majority will never agree to it, and you and everyone you know will live out your lives and die without seeing a cent of it, and the wealthy will laugh and thank you for obsessing over an unrecoverable debt while they enslave you with rents and wages in the present.
&gt; No my friend, that is why black people doesn’t trust socialists. I think black people don't trust socialists because they aren't socialists. I won't deny that as a member of the working class, part of my interest in socialism is self-interest. But I can point to objective reasons to have a fairer and more cooperative society, ways that wealth inequality and class stratification create inefficiency, corruption, and injustice, and so on. Self-interest isn't the ONLY reason why I think we should change how we do things. Black politics, generally, seem to be about standing and patronage. First, choose the lesser evil, whatever it may be, to keep racial progress from going backwards - that's always the Democrat to them, and it's usually whichever one has the most establishment support, because they want to be seen supporting the winner, so they can call in those favors later. And second, once you have those favors, trade them in for establishment support, get those black (mis)leaders in office, trading more favors. Dirty southern politics at its purest. Black voters can take pride in having a black representative in office, the same way they took pride in Obama - they're not too worried that he didn't do anything for them. It's all about those symbolic gains, those _feelings_. Creating a better world? Nah. Socialists come along, and we're not interested in patronage schemes, in fact we're opposed to them. We don't care about identity so much; we figure _good_ representation is better than bad _black_ representation. (And just to turn that around, we didn't care that Obama was black. It's the way he governed that we're critical of. There have been plenty of white presidents and you can see we're not happy with them either. The one we liked was FDR, and if you bring up Japanese internment, we'll all say that was fucked up and it's not what we liked about him.) But that doesn't fly with black voters, does it? They kind of turn up their noses at our ideas about a non-corrupt government, one without patronage schemes and empty identitarian symbolism, one that's not about picking the lesser evil for safety's sake. So we hit them with the two things they would seem to care about: improving their material conditions and weakening racism. Only they're not socialists, you see. They don't have that class analysis, not even a hint. So the idea of using class struggle to make progress on race is utterly incoherent to them. It's like saying we're going to treat their back pain with corrective shoes. Even when we explain it, they can't get it. They call it class reductionism. They think we're confused, or that we don't think racism exists. Which is what my original post was about, you see. We're coming full circle. (Edit: whoops, I thought this was in the other thread - the OP I'm referring to is this one, here: https://www.reddit.com/r/WayOfTheBern/comments/hc0ry0/class_reductionism_or_we_are_all_rightwingers_now/ ) The other thing, improving their material conditions, they could maybe get on board with that. Maybe. But then it becomes all about "what are you gonna give me?" Because, again, they don't have that class analysis. They think we're coming to trade - which, in a way, I guess we are. They dig that moldy old grudge out of the family chest - the one they never care about when they're electing blue dogs, or when people like Pelosi are just completely ignoring you. And that's where reparations comes in. But their conception of reparations doesn't usually square with socialist programs. They want cash handouts. Or if it's going to be public programs, it has to be just for them. And that's not what we're about as socialists. At the end of the day, we're not going to bribe blacks for their votes, and like that other (possibly black, who knows?) person said elsethread, we're probably not gonna win anyway... so they stay with their safe, blue dog Dems and their familiar patronage games. So, when it comes to political strategy? It doesn't make sense for us to reach out to the black faction. No sense at all. Our ideologies and goals are incompatible and you never support us anyway. You've been a pet cause for those white saviors in the New Left - who have essentially joined the neoliberal blob at this point - but you have nothing to offer the real left except endless demands and accusations, while you give corrupt centrists a pass - if anything, you're our enemies. We would be much better off courting Hispanics, who outnumber you and have shown to be much more favorably inclined to left politics and labor organization. Or - as I originally said - reaching out to poor cultural right whites, who vastly outnumber you, and whom I believe we might win over with kitchen table and anti-corruption politics, if we can bridge the vast gap caused by culture war. And now, you see, we have completed the circle. We're back to my OP. &gt; Returning to this, it seems off that you resist recognition that more causes = more of an effect. You resist recognition that effect is what matters. You just can't be objective. _Gotta_ nudge that grudge in there. Since we've come full circle, I'm feeling done with this conversation. Good luck getting reparations from your blue dogs. Oh... except you don't care if you never get anything from the neoliberals, do you? You only stick your hand out and yell when the left comes along. I _see_ you.
&gt; In the current situation thousands of people have been forced out of their jobs, out of their schools, out of the bars and restaurants and concerts and conventions and beaches and everything else they do for fun outside the house, and away from their friends and family. All it took was a spark of unrest to get them out of the house and into the streets. There's nothing special about George Floyd's death that makes it different from any of the other police slayings that _didn't_ get people in the streets. &gt; This has forced them to confront the racist nature of policing So, not class. Like I said. &gt; Do we just say ultimately in class society racism will always be there until class society is overthrown? Yes! &gt; Do we tell them they are wrong to fight racism and that they need to fight class society as its overthrow is the only way to ultimately defeat racism? You educate them on the ties between racism and class - though, in your case, you would have to learn them first. I see the identitarians are even trying to co-opt "socialist" these days.
Hammer, hammer, hammer. That's literally all you've got. No substantive answer to any of my critiques of black politics, just spit-flecked accusations. Oh yeah, and centering yourself in the frame. We're done here. Thanks again for proving me right.
Skimming through the Twitter thread, they say that some of those progressives are socialists - but it turns out they're DSA, which is riddled with SJWs and snowflakes. So when they say "progressives won", I have to wonder, what kind of progressives? The kind who call real socialists class reductionists and want some of Nancy's gelato? Anyway, now that they have the state party, what are they going to do with it?
The sky is falling, but that doesn't mean you shouldn't find something to hide under. Better to live out the rest of your life and die somewhere that isn't being ravaged by riots, plagues, starvation, and martial law.
I don't think the oligarchy is really that bright and we may see things flare up later this summer if COVID-related evictions spike and thousands or millions of people are forced from their homes.
&gt; I also dont believe in conspiracy theories that have no evidence. There's evidence; you've just reached a conclusion despite it.
That's a measured sounding take and based on the other comments here I wonder if you're posting in the right sub. XD &gt; The main issue I have with the poster, is he seems to deem black people unable to realise this for some reason and on top of all that claim that white people are somehow the solution when they're the most responsible and seemingly blind to the truth of inequality in America. So I've been having this out with a few people. When we talk about "black politics" or "the black community", we're talking about a faction and a politics that's largely defined on the national level by southern blacks. Southern blacks tend toward a politics of patronage: they vote for the establishment Democrat, knowing that the establishment Democrat will support the black misleadership class, which serves as a symbol to them. Socialism has no interest in supporting this kind of establishment. Our politics are actually incompatible, but a lot of us on the more "progressive" side haven't realized that yet. So we try to bribe them, in essence: we tell them that we'll do more about racism and that we'll improve their material conditions. But our approach to racism is to attack its class roots, and this doesn't square with how most of them think racism works. Our approach to improving their material conditions is to raise all boats, so they don't get the symbolic win they crave. (You notice they only scream about reparations when they're being courted by the left, and then give neoliberals a pass?) And since we're underdogs challenging the establishment, they want to stick with the presumptive winner; they're not willing to challenge the establishment for a better deal and risk getting cut off from the patronage scheme for disloyalty. Now, of course these are generalizations. I said they were. You can say "blacks aren't a monolith", and at that point you can no longer talk about blacks as a community or a political faction. So the question is, if the black faction is so incompatible with the left, why are we courting them at all? The answer, of course, is that black civil rights and equality were projects taken up by the New Left, which got blurred into "the left" in time. So there's this sort of popular wisdom that blacks and lefties are allies. But in fact, the black community is an enemy to the left; they drag us for not doing enough for them, call us clueless and racist, and then vote for right-wing neoliberals that do nothing for them. Trying to ally with this enemy faction is doing the left no favors and we should look elsewhere for allies. It's not really about whites being wiser; it's about leftists being wiser. Many of those are white, yes. (3/4ths of the country is white, if you've forgotten.) But I pointed to Adolph Reed in that post; I've pointed to Fred Hampton in the past when talking about using class struggle to fight racism. I've pointed to MLK's eventual turn toward class politics and democratic socialism. I think Cornel West is a clear left voice - even though I know he would disagree with some of what I'm saying. I called for more engagement with the white cultural right working class because I think there's a lot of potential support for populist economic policy and anti-corruption there, if we can bridge the cultural gap. And as someone pointed out, Latinos outnumber blacks in the US and have shown more support for the left than the black faction has. But saying all this is heterodoxy, you know. Abandoning the black political faction and liberal culture and reaching out to working class whites is going to get us called nasty names by the liberals for whom identity is the paramount concern, and the neoliberals for whom it's the best way to paper over class. But, if we actually want to gain the power to implement our ideas, it's what we should do: hence, "we are all right-wingers now".
ROFL
We covered Weber, but no. Still, glancing through a summary, it appears you have committed the classic internet blunder of merely referring to your argument rather than making it.
If only there was some kind of vast store of knowledge, with a massive index so that you could find whatever you wanted...
I did answer it. Now you're attacking me, asshole.
This is a loss.
So he's saying... Trump needs our help to defeat Biden?
I think you're the kind of people Trump's race baiting inflames. Look at yourself - he's got you voting for Biden!
&gt; I am attacking you, for being a dick. Ironic. Okay, well, now I am blocking you. Huff and puff with all your small dick energy.
The blood of innocents makes great branding fuel.
&gt; It seems the general public recognizes this truth I wouldn't make this claim without a strong, active grassroots movement for election integrity or unprecedented progressive involvement in state politics in multiple states with an explicit goal of controlling the legislature, as evidence. I think the general public is low info or apolitical, and disinclined to believe that we have widespread electoral fraud; the ones who do believe that are mostly apathetic/checked out, and unlikely to start shooting or burning things.
I looked at your post history - you’re a living, breathing caricature of what this post is about... LOL
But they did make a proper recording of Go Nuts, didn't they? It's just never been released or performed, except for that radio show they made it for. Maybe I've got my titles mixed up.
Presumably, if they've been planning to do a paid stream, they'll at least be able to rent better AV equipment. Someone also mentioned venues catering to these types of shows, so they would have a better setup in place, and maybe better acoustics as well?
&gt; Don't know who needs to hear this..... Old black voters?
&gt; if a candidate wants my vote, they need to promote the policies that are important to me. Everything else is window dressing. After seeing Bernie and AOC bow to the establishment multiple times, policies aren't good enough for me - candidates need to run third party to get my vote.
There's something about being in a live crowd and seeing the maids in person that no video will ever capture. Any live stream will basically be like a concert recording - only probably with worse audio/video/editing. (Of course, there will be people who say that just having a single camera pointed at the stage would be better than the frenetic cuts from the concert recordings.) If there's no way to record or download the video afterward then IMO it's definitely not worth it except as a kind of charity for the band.
&gt; After more derogatory comments about the arrestee and the magistrate, the conversation takes an even bleaker turn, as the two officers discuss an upcoming ‘civil war.’ &gt; “Piner tells Moore later in the conversation that he feels a civil war is coming and he is ‘ready.’ Piner advised he is going to buy a new assault rifle in the next couple of weeks. A short time later Officer Piner began to discuss society being close to ‘martial law’ and soon ‘we are just gonna go out and start slaughtering them fucking ni—–. I can’t wait. God, I can’t wait.’ Moore responded that he would not do that. Piner stated, ‘I am ready.'” according to the summary. More gun control for good little liberal civilians, though, right?
&gt; He rejected a claim by the American Hospital Association and other hospital groups that the rule would force them to disclose private negotiations with insurers Yes, that's kind of the point. &gt; undermining competition (tiny violin) I thought hospitals were supposed to compete on... y'know, quality of care. Or clinical outcomes. Efficiency. Things like that. You know, the reasons why beancounters keep introducing Lean Six Sigma and TQM? Not the quality of their secret deals and kickbacks that hide information about the market from buyers. &gt; and violating their First Amendment free speech rights. ROFL no &gt; In a statement, the AHA said it plans an expedited appeal. It said the rule does not help patients understand their true costs "because we're going to do everything we can to obfuscate those costs while obeying the letter of this ruling" &gt; and imposes heavy burdens on hospitals Heavy burdens? Publishing a price list is a heavy burden? _derp_ "Quick guys, what's something we can say to make this ruling look bad on its face? Any kneejerk bullshit will do, like 'think about the children', or- &gt; patient care.”
That's certainly one way to look at it.
No. The tickets have to be picked up at the venue, and you have to present your ID, credit card, and confirmation email. There is NO way to sell or transfer these, and no refunds of any kind. I've been waffling hard on going to this show, because I've never been to another country in my adult life and it's a crazy expense to see Band-Maid when I have other things to use that money for... but OTOH I could turn it into a Japanese vacation, and YOLO, and all that. But knowing that we're going to see a second wave of COVID, and that they're going to have some weird-ass seating arrangement or special policy or something at the venue so it won't even be a _proper_ Budokan show, and I don't even know what travel will be like then... with considerable regret, I bailed. It won't be the first time I've had to miss something cool. Such is life.
That's racist! How dare you talk to black people about voting? You don't know anything about us! --white liberal
no u
The fact that the Dems Brutused Bernie in order to give us Biden makes me 100% okay with Trump winning. Yeah it'll be rough but that's just where we're at now.
No one locked Hillary up, so it's not like law rules anyway.
I've stopped supporting Dem candidates no matter how they lean. If they don't get kneecapped they do heel turns when they get into office. I don't know what kind of mind control ray or Zapruder film screening they're using to break elected progressives and make them compliant parts of the Dem hive but I can't deny its existence anymore. So as far as I'm concerned, no Dem is electable. Some will say that's too much purity or whatever but we need to make a complete break from the party and requiring lefties/progressives to run not-Dem is the only way I see to enforce that.
&gt; It is clear however that Trump if empowered with a second term will completely destroy the United States. If that's all it takes now, then good riddance.
What? No. Next Witcher 3, maybe - flawed but decent game with passable gameplay and some good writing, that everyone acts like is one of the greatest games ever made.
There was a whole lot of romance you could buy in half hour blocks.
If it goes BANG, someone will use one.
Meanwhile I'm over here like "they threw out half the mechanics and changed the other half, this isn't a real RPG anymore" :P
&gt; yeah, we basically are insufferable twats Huh.
If you haven't been fired, you must be reading enough plates. Quotas are just numbers. If you don't want/aren't able to work faster and they fire you, find another job. Or, get together with your coworkers, decide how many plates you will read an hour, tell management, and if they don't agree, walk out. Mind you, LabCorp will have no trouble firing you all if they can replace you, so get all the other techs in the region to side with you if you can.
WhenI first looked for openings just after Pearson centers reopened, there was nothing... but after a couple of weeks I noticed a lot of slots opening up. Didn't have any trouble getting a seat within a couple weeks of the date I scheduled my test appointment, though I had to drive a bit out of my way. Have you considered a road trip to Oregon or Idaho? Depending on what part of WA you're in it might be a good option.
No, the weird-ass moon gravity. I don't care how high you can jump, you shouldn't float down like a dropped balloon without a good reason.
&gt;I don’t know why Band-Maid hasn’t written longer, more epic songs yet. No one does, 'cept Band-Maid.
I'm stuck as an MLT helping with AM draws even though I've got my BS and MLS. "Oh, you have to move into a new MLS job position" but "lab hiring is frozen right now, tee hee". Meanwhile the system has openings for providers, nurses, non-lab techs, etc.
Or more specifically, organize. Nothing against unions at all, but people need to understand that the power of a union comes from an organized workforce, not the added layer of union administration or a toothless NLRB. You don't need a union to get all the workers to decide to slow down or walk out together until their demands are met - and conversely, if you're not organized and on roughly the same page about what you demand from your employer and what you'll do if you don't get it, even if you manage to form a union it's not going to do a lot for you.
NLRB speaks loudly and carries a small stick.
&gt; I just had an hour of mental emotional breakdown. I honestly dont even know anymore. Sounds about right.
My understanding is that coding is a lot like creative work - if you actually know what you're doing, then put together a portfolio, network like mad, and work your way up to bigger jobs and projects. A degree might get you a foot in some doors but isn't absolutely necessary like it is in some fields.
R*: COMING SOON: GTA6, the newest expansion for GTA Online, with 90 new missions and over 50 new vehicles and weapons! us: Single player campaign? R*: ROFL
The difference between 2 and 3 reminds me of what Cory Barlow looked like after directing GoW2. Brutal :(
I gotta say, it’s starting to feel like Daou turned.
The only way out is through.
This is just the same neoliberal/SJW takeover we’ve seen (from near or afar) of countless other privately owned “public” spaces. DKos is an obvious example particular for the old timers here, but there are so, SO many. I’ve seen a few “we warned you when they went after T_D” comments. Okay, we were warned. And? We have no power. Reddit’s not a democracy and there’s nothing to storm. You can’t sit on a sub’s wall with a gun, guarding it. The answer, as always, is to move on, make your own thing.
&gt; I don't think we should ever shame them for asking any questions. For asking questions? Never. For not knowing things that they need to know to perform patient care properly? Yes, absolutely. For thinking that they know more than blood bankers about blood banking? Yes, absolutely. If you're going to get paid more than someone and treat them like some kind of idiot, child, or flunky, by god, you had better not need their help to do your job.
Don't believe this. They say we're in demand but if that were really true our wages would be skyrocketing (or at least we'd be courted with big bonuses and other perks). Employers only demand cheap techs.
but-but-but-but we had to let an army of Republican spoilers vote in the primaries so that people who refused to register as Dem could still vote in Dem primaries anyway! If you don't let your opponents decide which candidate your party will support, it's not really democracy!
Give me liberty or give me something something...
caucus99percent.com has mods who will ban you for being critical of feminism. Not a good site IMO. K4S also had longstanding mod problems - I've been gone a long time so I don't know if they still do but I see no reason to think they've cleaned themselves up.
