Can Google even tell which dialect that is? Bosnian, Croatian or Serbian?
Yeah there really should be something to inform travellers. But just wear a swim top and spf 50+ sunscreen? No need to give up the activities you love! If you're Turkish you likely have slightly darker skin than most Australians, at that. I'm pale af (English/Irish ancestry) and burn in minutes.
Yep, I do post there sometimes. https://www.reddit.com/r/MensRights/comments/9s6yix/always_expecting_us_to_be_gentlemen/e8naxgb/?context=3
He really doesn't, he's pretty corrupt and prioritizes short term gain over the long term health of the nation's environment and economy. His government will likely be voted out at the next election (though since his party was in power from 1996 - 2007 and 2013 - 2019, a lot of damage has been done).
Climate change is not an inherently political issue. Teaching children the science of climate change is not political. Conservative politicians try to make it a political issue by denying the science, and refusing to act on it. It didn't have to be that way, conservatives and fossil fuel companies made it that way. I guess everything can be argued to be political, but yeah.
What a load of rubbish. &gt;PR Yes, activism raising awareness about climate change involves mainly PR work. What's the problem? &gt;her parents is a prominent climate activist What's your criticism here? That the girl not only cares about climate change but her family does as well? Well done there, Sherlock, you really exposed her villainy! /s
... The mere fact that she knows fossil fuels are changing the climate, and that our actions can help to change that, means *she knows more about this topic than millions of stupid climate-denying adults.* But why am I bothering to convince a t_d poster like you? Your idiot President literally said that climate change was a Chinese conspiracy to harm America.
In Civ 5, they had a broad "Polynesia civilisation" which had Eastern Island / Rapa Nui statues, Maori Warrior unit, and King Kamehameha of Hawaii as the leader.
Those 3 words (and phrases) are being used correctly here so meh.
&gt;Consent In Sweden, 15 year olds like her can consent to sex and medical treatment. What sort of consent do you mean? &gt;Why is this different Because your post is literally irrelevant. We're not talking about allowing children to vote. Also, the reason we have those laws is because we have to draw the line somewhere. Minors do not magically become sensible and intelligent on their 18th birthday, rather people slowly develop and in fact some aspects do not fully develop until 25. And each person also develops at a different pace. Her mature and sensible views here are an indication she is mature for her age, if anything.
&gt;the House was intended to be partisan The founders didn't really envision political parties being as important as they are today. Founders were more concerned that politicians and voters would be biased towards their state, rather than towards a political party. They didn't envision America becoming trapped in this entrenched two party system. To be fair to the founders, it was like 1790. They did not know then how bad FPTP was. And shit, back then they didn't want women, non-whites or poor white men voting.
Is it possible that OP's sense of time was also warped along with him having hallucinations and delusions of shadow people?
Conservative politicians and pundits often accuse the ABC of left wing bias (I largely disagree, but that's by the by), but I don't think I've ever heard it accused of clickbait. Normally cancer research clickbait is stuff like "Prevent cancer with this weird trick" or "Oranges shown to cure cancer" etc.
This 80's style theme song reminds me a lot of Nibbbs' theme from Awesomenauts: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RQX2sShoy38
Oh shit, my bad then.
Fixed, thanks.
Fixed, thanks.
In this case it seems he already confessed and was put on trial. https://www.pulse.ng/gist/tit-for-tat-20-prisoners-gang-rape-man-who-killed-18-month-old-step-son-id3497253.html I still agree this was fucked up and certainly not "justice". Nobody ever deserves rape.
&gt;5,000 suspected drug dealers 5,000 innocent people and little children.
Yeah, it's all good, we totally agree. My bad if I came across argumentative.
Things that have killed more Australians than terrorism: * Skin cancer * Lung cancer * Prostate cancer * Breast cancer * Strokes and heart attacks * Suicide * Car accidents * Horse accidents (77 deaths in 10 years) * Cows (33 deaths in 10 years, mostly by causing road accidents) * Dogs (27 deaths in 10 years, including a couple of people that fell over their dogs) * Bees and sharks (16 deaths each in 10 years) * Snakes (14 deaths in 10 years) ---------- Things that didn't make the above list: * Crocodiles (9 deaths in 10 years) * Spiders (1 death in the last 40 years) ----------------- There's just no justification for this shit, whether it's restricted to the AFP (Labor's original proposal) or general powers (current version).
So should we then blame LGBT folks for refusing to conform to society's standards? And should we blame all social reformers and activists, despite the fact they sometimes do change society? I think you're oversimplifying things in the opposite direction to the other guy.
There's a government conspiracy to hide the death toll from those, so as not to scare away tourists. But you didn't hear it from me.
Australia conservative politician who said he wasn't going to vote to legalise gay marriage because "every 3 months a person is torn to pieces by a crocodile in north queensland".
This argument will never get through to the intended audience. Those people are approaching the argument with positions such as: * Gender studies is a highly subjective field unlike hard science (medicine, chemistry etc), and/or * Gender studies is full of people who allow personal and political bias to influence their research * In the case of the guy you replied to: therefore gender studies qualifications aren't relevant to talk about gender You've got to challenge those base assumptions.
&gt;Food security is national security In what sense? The USA isn't going to be invaded or blockaded like they are doing to Yemen where tens of thousands of children are starving to death. &gt;The US spent about $20B on Ag subsidies last year, less than 3% what was spent on Medicare and Medicaid. I'm not against agriculture subsidies if there's a disaster like a drought etc. But otherwise, Medicare and Medicaid are actually necessary and good while general ag subsidies are not.
Maybe if the retribution is due to your political affiliation, I guess.
&gt;violence on account of race, religion, etc. Correct. It has to be due to race, ethnicity/nationality, religion, political views etc. Just being on the wrong side of a gang is not enough. &gt;Government violence Wrong. The source of the violence doesn't matter. What matters is that your government can't or won't protect you.
&gt;There's an underground slavery trade in places like Mauritania Mate there's an underground slave trade in the USA, the EU and Australia and pretty much every country. Sex trafficking, labour trafficking etc. In Libya there is public slave auctions in some areas because of the collapse of central government. In Mauritania slavery continues even though it's illegal, because of lax enforcement. There are also other forms of slavery that continue, like conscription and prison labour.
Netherlands and Canada are pretty much equally justified. Yes, NL used to have an empire but we already have civs for Brazil, Zulus and Indonesia. CAN is currently a big empire (second largest country in the world in fact). NL has a longer written history. CAN has twice as many people as NL. You guys just aren't that important from a global history perspective. Sorry mate. But then we have quite a few civs that aren't that important so meh.
Aboriginal Australians did. Or, if you want to go back far enough, everybody spawned in Africa.
I play games but these Plague Inc / Pandemic jokes are old and not funny. People have died. For fuck's sake.
You could absolutely fence in Roos and own them. You'd just need a really big fence is the problem.
I remember when it took the US Navy being attacked before they chose to get directly involved in the war, yeah.
They don't? Black olives come in jars too.
Some of your states are waaaaaaaay ahead of Australia when it comes to cannabis laws.
In many cases the mob did feed the poor and do charity work, alongside their violence, intimidation, abuse, bribery etc. It's especially the case in Japan with Yakuza.
Why do you even a need a magazine with more than 10 rounds? I can't think of one good reason for a civilian to own a weapon that can shoot 11 times before reloading.
I'm not an anti-gunner. I just think people should be trained and licensed, their guns should be registered, and they shouldn't have semi auto weapons unless strictly necessary. I also think you should be trained, licensed and have registration to drive a car. Does that make me anti-car? I have 4 mates with gun licenses (used to be 5 but one shot herself in the head). You Americans are ridiculous, going on about your "right" to guns and the "blood of patriots" "tree of liberty" and how you want to shoot people. Civil forfeiture, police abuse, shooting dogs, stop and frisk etc and you guys are worried about being able to have 11-round magazines? What a joke. Enact some proper licensing, gun registration and training laws, ban private sales, get rid of the semi-auto weapons.
The dangers of firearms for civilians are much greater now than in the 1790s, they can easily be used for mass murder, unlike internet comments. The danger of being invaded by hostile Native Americans, or the British/Spanish is much less. The need for a militia of private citizens to defend the country is much less. But hey, by all means, if you think that civilians need proportionate firepower to defend the country/themselves/freedom then legalise private ownership of IEDs, fully automatic firearms, .50 cal machine guns, RPGs, missile drones etc. Walmart can start selling DIY roadside bomb kits.
&gt;the only things trump has done that will last beyond the first week of the next democratic administration are the 2 SCOTUS seats and the tax-theft bill. And the thousands of lives he destroyed with family separations and his border policy. And the thousands of dead kids in Yemen, including a cute little American girl who was shot in the neck in a SEAL raid ordered by Trump. And destroying the JCPOA. And the lasting economic impacts of his disastrous policies.
Have you ever hit a person? It's a huge bump, it's like hitting a kangaroo or deer. It's impossible to not notice. Or rather, if you don't notice then you should not be allowed to drive.
&gt;Sure, we don't have public executions You do have executions, though. So you're in the same category as bastions of human rights and liberty like Saudi Arabia, Iran, Iraq, Pakistan, North Korea, China, Sudan etc. Granted, you guys have been reducing the number of people you execute each year. So that's good, keep going :)
&gt;The problem to me is how we expanded the definition of combatants and how targets are selected without mind to civilian casualties, not that some might be Americans. I certainly agree on this point, at least.
Lol, Trump doesn't care about the poor. He's not being sincere, just trying to rile up his base. Trump did the *exact same thing* as Macron - cut taxes for the rich.
Settle down, grandpa big bang.
Even at my most frustrated over games, I've never treated my daughter anything like that. That's just disgusting. However, I disagree he needs gaol time. More like the kid needs to be taken away from them, and he needs an AVO (to not go near the wife and kid) and a good behaviour bond. Edit: Thanks to /u/GoodnightWalter [NSW police article](https://www.police.nsw.gov.au/news/news_article?sq_content_src=%2BdXJsPWh0dHBzJTNBJTJGJTJGZWJpenByZC5wb2xpY2UubnN3Lmdvdi5hdSUyRm1lZGlhJTJGNzM5NTYuaHRtbCZhbGw9MQ%3D%3D)
Yeah, that's not right. Fair enough.
&gt;But I think we should either enforce the laws we have or change them. Police have a limited amount of money and officers. So they have to choose where and when to enforce the law. For instance, a highway patrol guy with a speed radar, may be called to respond to a terrorist attack. Because that is a higher priority. I argue that pill testing should not be something the police spend any time or money enforcing against. Or, if you prefer, we could set up a government agency to test pills, like they have in the Netherlands. Remember that it's *already legal* for certain people to possess drugs in certain situations eg: * A police officer confiscating drugs. * Any person who finds illicit drugs with the intention of handing them in to police. * A chemist who is testing drugs in compliance with a request from a coroner, police or other approved person. * A chemist/pharmacy worker/licensed drug manufacturer who is supplying prescription drugs. * Any person with a prescription for the drug in question.
Also to protect the jobs of police and prison guards - their unions campaign heavily for drugs to stay illegal.
Do you guys not have a definite article?
It was from memory, but I did some digging to figure out whether it was true or not: Wikipedia page on Delerium Tremens has this to say: &gt;In contrast, DT occurs in 5–10% of alcoholics and carries up to 15% mortality with treatment and up to 35% mortality without treatment. &gt;Frequency: ~4% of those withdrawing from alcohol They got their info from here: https://emedicine.medscape.com/article/166032-overview and https://www.nejm.org/doi/10.1056/NEJMra1407298 ------------------------------------ Reading through that second link, they say, at some time in their lives 10% of men and 20% of women have an alcohol use disorder.. However, *at some point in their lives* isn't the same thing as *right now* so you would think it would be lower if we're talking about people who are currently alcoholics. So I guess I was wrong maybe? Looking for more figures, https://www.verywellmind.com/prevalence-of-alcoholism-in-the-united-states-67876 America's national institute of alcohol abuse says 6.2% of adults age 18 and older had an "alcohol use disorder" https://www.niaaa.nih.gov/alcohol-health/overview-alcohol-consumption/alcohol-facts-and-statistics The WHO says for Australia in 2004 it was 6.17% of adults, but that's 12 year old data I guess. Also I guess not all alcoholics are the totally dysfunctional ones, so maybe a lot of it is kinda hidden.
The Gamespot person.
Name and shame: the idiot who reviewed Darksiders 3 for Gamespote is Richard Wakeling. https://www.gamespot.com/profile/richardwakeling/
In that case you would be facing similar ethical issues as abortion, child abuse and abuse of the mentally disabled. Also something seems intrinsically wrong with deliberately creating a genetically servile underclass which didn't exist before. I can't put my finger on exactly why.
We literally used to have this policy. Millions of Australians including George Brandis, Malcolm Turnbull and Joe Hockey went to uni in the 70's and 80's, totally free. Some countries, like Germany, already have this policy as we speak.
&gt; Incorrect. It is an investment in our future. This isn't inconsistent with it being difficult to fund. &gt;As our knowledge base expands, so will first world industries and services that will multiply our revenue generating potential. I don't disagree, but you also have to stop our talent going overseas, then. Free uni is all well and good if the graduates continue living and working here rather than moving to California or the UK.
You can't vote out the Police Commissioner. If we vote out the idiot Liberals, the the NSW Police will still be pushing for this when it's a Labor government. Hopefully Labor won't kowtow to their authoritarian wishes.
Culturally speaking they are. But strangely, they only officially decriminalised personal use in 2015. On the gay marriage front, Jamaica is very anti-gay (especially against gay men).
Our government is already treating kiwis pretty badly, deporting them for minor offences and shit even when they have lived in Australia for decades and have families and kids here. We are supposed to have freedom of movement+residence between our two countries FFS.
&gt; until you've reached a certain level a few years in. By that point you're kinda dependent and willing to accept it. By that point you have paid a lot of money into the cult. And you have cut contact with friends/family who were critical of the cult so the cult is your only support network. And you have divulged a lot of sensitive information to the cult that they could potentially use to blackmail or threaten you.
It was, but in practice: * It's not like the US where you can smoke a medical joint. Only certain cannabis-based products were approved. * It's very difficult to actually get a prescription, you pretty much have to be dying. In October last year, only 153 people in the whole country had a prescription for cannabis-based products. https://www.smh.com.au/opinion/why-so-few-australians-are-using-medicinal-cannabis-on-prescription-20171008-gywqq7.html Last July, that number had grown to 1059. https://www.abc.net.au/news/2018-07-23/medical-cannabis-patients-in-australia-look-to-united-states/10026308
&gt;You ever done shrooms? If you're smoking them you're out in left field. They shouldn't be heated at all, just eaten raw or dried. I love them raw and I grind dry ones into a powder for my morning coffee (500mg or so has a powerful ability to brighten your day to day) This is the case for mushrooms which contain psilocybin and psilocin, yeah. Heating destroys the psilocybin/psilocin. Psilocybin mushrooms are non-toxic and non-addictive, but can cause powerful mood changes and hallucinations. They shouldn't be confused with *[amanita muscaria](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Amanita_muscaria)* (fly agaric) which contain different hallucinogenic drugs called muscimol and ibotenic acid. Unfortunately in addition to being hallucinogenic, these chemicals are poisonous and have caused death in some rare cases. To eat amanita as food, you have to boil them to destroy the muscimol/ibotenic acid.
Fantastic. This is the sort of law enforcement, "tough on lawbreaking" we need more of. Could we perhaps take some funding away from the police, and give it to FairWork and the ATO instead?
The CIA was involved in international drug smuggling, kidnapping and torture. Sounds like mobsters to me. (That doesn't absolve the KGB/FSB or Putin, of course).
That's a very understandable mistake to make. "In peace" could imply some sort of official peace deal. Instead of "in peace" perhaps they should have said "peacefully" which to me implies a lack of violence but not a peace deal.
They also outsmarted and defeated America, and forced America to run home with their tails between their legs. So they at least have that going for them.
I could say the same thing about Protestants with their emphasis on original sin and how everybody is *automatically* sinful no matter how good they are in life. (Catholics also believe this, but it's less emphasized and they also incorporate good works).
Not a great comparison. Women are not any more likely to be aggressive than men. Women are no "chihuahuas" in that sense. But also, dogs don't have weapons. Even a small woman is capable of seriously injuring a big man if she has a knife, gun, frying pan etc.
The same way you call yourself Australian or American despite the bad things that governments do.
My kid will be hitting puberty in a few years, and I'd be glad if she had this much drive. I'd be rather disappointed if she turned into an edgy asshole redditor like yourself, if that's what was meant by "figuring out how life works". Edit: And you're a T_D poster lol. I should've known.
That's a different character in Warhammer.
&gt; 1959 Haiti Also the US literally invaded, occupied and ran Haiti from 1915 until 1934. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/United_States_occupation_of_Haiti
There are parts of Indonesia where cannibalism may still be practiced. It's not really better, just differently bad.
&gt;What kind of country would let migrant children be taken away or kidnapped from their parents/s A Province that is [95% Christians](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/East_Nusa_Tenggara#Religion), apparently. Indonesia does a lot of shady shit (see [West Papua for instance](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Papua_conflict)) and overall they are a majority Muslim country, but blaming this on Islam is silly. You can't blame other human trafficking hotspots like Central America, Russia, India and the Philippines on Islam.
Yes Malaysia is majority muslim. This girl was kidnapped under the pretence of being taken to Malaysia for work, but we don't know if she ever made it to Malaysia or not. She may have been taken to Malaysia, or Java or Taiwan or even the west, or any other country, or just murdered. Anyway your argument here has little to nothing to do with Islam. Human trafficking happens to some degree in all countries. And it's particularly bad in places like Malaysia (muslim), Indonesia (mostly muslim), the Philippines (mostly Christian), China (atheist/buddhist/traditional religions), India (Hindu/muslim), Thailand (Buddhist), Vietnam (Buddhist/atheist), Central America (Christian), North Korea (atheist), Russia (christian/atheist) and Pakistan (muslim).
OK, but if we bring in the Soviets then we also need to bring in the Nazis.
That link is extremely biased and misleading, with lots of cherry-picked quotes. Hell, some of the claims in there are outright lies. However, I somewhat agree with the rest of your post. OP should avoid sending the kid to any sort of program for troubled kids, and rather look at a normal school in a different area or even a boarding shcool.
Trump, Putin and Xi Jinping are all billionaires, so this makes sense. It's also primarily billionaires who own huge farming companies, oil and coal companies and logging companies.
2 and 4 are pretty sinister and morally wrong.
&gt;They want corporations to be treated like people? Well they should be punished like people too. Seize the company and its assets for a time akin to a jail term. For especially bad offences there should be a corporate death penalty - seize all assets and liquidate them, sieze all shares and dissolve the company.
Racist policies against non-whites may be popular with poor whites, but they don't actually help poor whites in reality. The only people the GOP consistently tries to help out are some rich people (I say consistently because of course GOP members occasionally vote for good policy).
I think the point is that Vietnamese people tend to have darker skin tone than the average American of European ancestry. "White" "Black" "Red" and "Yellow" are fairly bullshit and semi racist categories anyway. They are not accurate descriptors of skin tone, and who is put in each group is largely determined by society and not science.
I would stop short of gerrymandering the fuck outta the House like the GOP, though. Maybe be ruthless about outlawing gerrymandering.
Her legs look weird. Like, not anatomically correct. Looks like she is a deer or something.
/r/politics is 100% focused on American politics only. Of course non-Americans can still post there, but yeah.
Not a good comparison. This is more like if you were speeding with your buddy and then got pulled over and the cops shot your buddy and charged you with his murder.
&gt;the kids MO way robbing people There's no proof of that. Kid was just a suspect. And now he'll never be convicted because he's dead. If they had good evidence of him committing robberies, why didn't they just arrest him instead of setting up a complicated sting op?
Corporations have all the rights of people and none of the responsibilities*
&gt; Commercial Truck/Bus Driver (~4 to 6 weeks) and Certified Nurses Assistant (~6 to 12 weeks). Those are all less than 4 months. Edit: Downvoted for pointing out facts?
Sounds like a good way for her to get a yeast infection. Really though I doubt she actually puts them in.
&gt; regardless of the circumstances The circumstances = 85,000 dead children. https://www.ctvnews.ca/polopoly_fs/1.3680833.1510848153!/httpImage/image.jpg_gen/derivatives/landscape_620/image.jpg &gt;Does China have to worry about signing deals with canada if a future government wants to punish them for human rights abuses? There are a million uhigur in detention camps Thanks for proving my point for me. This is yet another reason to cancel deals when countries use products to abuse human rights: it might make them think twice before abusing human rights.
No, Saddam was a piece of shit and [just as bad as the Saudi Government in his own way.](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Anfal_genocide) I'm not sorry his regime is gone. I'm just sad it led to the whole region being destabilized.
It's not just theft, it's mail tampering which is a federal felony, up to 5 years in prison.
It's not just theft, it's mail tampering which is a federal felony, up to 5 years in prison and up to $250,000 fine.
Eh, Steve was kind of a dickhead to animals, always messing with them unnecessarily and stirring them up. And eventually it got him killed. He did do a lot for conservation though.
He also denies that Japan enslaved comfort women.
No country in the world is communist in the sense of being a classless utopia where all the means of production are socially owned. Still, the CPC profess to be communist, and in the past they seriously tried to create communism (obviously failed). They also aren't free market capitalists nor are they traditional social conservatives in the western sense (they are socially conservative for China though). So they're not really like the western right wing in that sense. They are a bit nationalist though, so they have that in common with the western right.
&gt;they seem encouraged to build tall Seems weird considering they were an expansionist empire. In fact they were arguably the largest empire in the world, when the Spanish encountered them.
The link is already in most that you replied to. Though to be fair, there probably are some exceptions with tiny countries like Vatican City (pop 800), Tuvalu (pop 10k) and Nauru (10k). They could easily not have any murders in some years.
&gt;First world countries just have better stats.. Knob Yes, highly developed nations are generally quite safe (with the exception of a few areas, such as certain ghettos in the US). Countries that have the lowest murder rates include Oman, Qatar, Brunei, Bahrain, Maldives (all muslim), Japan, South Korea, Taiwan and much of the European Union. Anyway I literally posted stats and you refuse to accept them because of your pre-existing bias against muslims. You're disgusting. Go away.
Just make voting mandatory like we have in Australia (well, it's mandatory to turn up at the polls, but ballots are obviously secret so they can't tell whether you voted or just drew a penis). It doesn't stop you from electing morons, but at least nobody is disenfranchised. No doubt some Americans will go all "muh freedoms" at that suggestion, though.
I actually broke a controller doing one of the platforming sections in HK. Shit can be very difficult and frustrating.
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/buddha's_hand ?
No, it's not a false equivalency. Sure, you might not have a fatal overdose on this "therapy" but you could be driven to suicide. That said, I would be prepared to accept a compromise where they are forced to loudly state in all their ads and materials that their therapy is proven to not work, and proven harmful.
No conversion therapy is effective at changing sexual orientation. You can't turn a bi or gay person straight. The best you can hope is to teach people to suppress sexual urges. But thats something we should really reserve for sex addicts and paedophiles/ephebophiles.
Where did he attack transpeople? Can't see anything like that.
Because... ?
Drones are a lot easier to import than guns. They're legal + mostly unregulated in most countries. They're also easy to build (and even 3d print some parts) yourself. And they don't need ammo. They're also waaay less dangerous than guns or cars (unless talking about military grade drones), so harder to justify heavy regulation. The UK also heavily regulated/bans drugs, but they haven't been nearly as successful at that as they have been with gun control and car regulations.
Cannabis is a nice painkiller for moderate pain, and for people who can't have opioids (allergy, addiction etc). But It's absolutely not an alternative to opioid medicines for strong pain. Legal cannabis will not make opioid medicines disappear.
Indonesia isn't usually considered to be in Oceania. Global warming doesn't cause volcano eruptions and earthquakes. Indonesia was having those long before global warming existed. And it's volcanoes and earthquakes that cause tsunamis, though sea level rise (caused by global warming) can worsen them. That said Indonesia does have small low-lying islands which are vulnerable to rising sea levels and in turn to tsunamis. Though... even large islands in Indonesia are vulnerable to ttsunamis. Due to having coastal cities.
&gt;police shootings in the US are isolated incidents when something goes wrong Those "isolated incidents" happen over 900 times every year. It's part of a pattern of militarization of American police, bad training and lack of accountability, as well as a culture of disprespect towards the average citizen and even racism in many cases. I agree that solving poverty is a huge issue and the root of part of the problem.
&gt;this may be the only time the US wins in a battle for scarier animal The US also wins when it comes to who has the scariest land predators. Dingoes are scary and all, but the US has wolves, cougars and bears. Saltwater crocs definitely beat American alligators though.
TIL.
The practice of underage marriage is deplorable but it's not quite the same thing as a paedophiles ring. Also underage marriage happens a lot in Christian countries as well, including the USA (200k child marriages in the last 15 years).
Paedophilia is a pretty specific thing. It's being attracted to pre-pubescent kids (0-11). Underage marriage and paedophilia aren't the same thing (though there is obviously some overlap).
...I could've told you this. But I'm still glad it's being studied and published to raise awareness.
That is indeed terrible. I wonder if the figures are similar for Bangladesh and Indonesia? I remember hearing that average age at first marriage in Syria drastically dropped after the war started from like 20-something to in the teens. Also it's worth noting that most of the world's Christians live in third world countries: Sub-Saharan Africa, Latin America, Russia and the Philippines. I mentioned the USA as a notable example but really most Christians aren't rich westerners.
It's unusual for women and girls in Iran to just get straight up executed for not following etiquette. In fact, some laws in Iran go easier on women than men (such as homosexual sex laws). When women and girls are executed in Iran it's generally for things like drug trafficking and murder, and at least a few for adultery. Iranian regime is awful and executes an astonishing number, but we should get things correct.
No. If we are talking about the rights of women, then Saudi Arabia is clearly and inarguably worse than Iran. Both regimes are bad but we shouldn't draw false equivalences. In Iran women have for a long time been able to drive, run businesses, get educated, and leave the house without a male family member escort. Meanwhile in KSA that stuff is either illegal or only recently made legal. The clothing laws in Iran for women are also less strict than in KSA.
&gt;the governments are incredibly similar In how they repress the people, yeah. But in actual function, they are quite distinct. Iran is like a weird parody of a western democracy. Theuy have a Congress/Parliament, President and elections. However it's all being strangled by the theocratic Supreme Leader who holds much of the real power. Saudi Arabia on the other hand is more like a medieval kingdom. Whatever the King says, goes. Lots of important laws aren't even written down and codified. It's like some Game of Thrones shit.
During Mossadeghs administration much of the Shahs power was removed or not excercised. He was becoming more of a ceremonial monarch like Queen Elizabeth II. But after the 1953 Coup the Shah became a dictator monarch similar to the current Mohammed abin Salman of Saudi Arabia.
How so? How many local churches do you know that have secret beliefs and require large amounts of money from members and unquestioning loyalty and if you leave you're shunned etc etc?
Wow, you're a real romantic there mate.
41k doesn't sound like much until you consider that there was probably only 500k Aboriginals to begin with. :/ Of course so many others died from Eurasian diseases. 41k was just the amount who were directly murdered.
You make it sound like it was the US who beat the Nazis, lol? The US supplied the Soviets of course. But it was Soviet boots and blood who took back most of the Nazis territory. If anything the Soviet advance lit a fire under America's arse because they wanted to liberate France etc before the USSR did.
You're right it's hard to prove a negative. Thankfully another user has already proven you wrong by finding people using the term deep state before Trump.
We don't see ice melt, just the tar/bitumen on the road. It's 43 degrees today fuck me dead.
&gt;Russias influence percolates on the margins Percolate sounds like a nice cup of coffee or a cool science experiment. Russia is a scary, evil foreign government using propaganda and corruption to attach democracies. Better wording might be "seeps in" or "intruding" or "insinuating" or "slithering in" or "worming its way in".
There isn't a lot of coconut palms in western countries, except maybe Hawaii, New Caledonia and far north Queensland.
In addition to the service of tatooing you, they are also creating an artwork. If you hired someone to do photography for your wedding, they retain the copyright of your wedding photos because it is an artistic work. If you paid someone to paint a portrait of you, they own the copyright for that portrait. However, due to he nature of tattoos being on people's bodies, we also need to consider the rights of the person with the tat, as well as the rights of anyone who takes a photo of that person or creates a portrait of them in the future.
Even the devout Muslims who don't drink or eat pork are fine, as long as they aren't nutty Islamists or ultraconservatives.
That's really weird. I didn't know Norway were big proselytizers/evangelists.
We have the same issue in Australia. Wild pigs are not native, and they are a huge pest. Also deer, camels, water buffalo, foxes, rabbits, horses, cats, mice, rats.
Drugs law is complicated. Some drugs are banned for minors only (alcohol, tobacco), other drugs require prescription (methamphetamine, cocaine, fentanyl). Personally, I'd like to see America do a training, licensing and registration system for guns similar to how cars are treated (you need to be trained in safe use, your car needs to be registered, and you need a license). Retain current background checks that gun stores need to comply with, but have a total ban on private gun sales.
We have lots of native parrots in Australia. One of the most common is the sulfur-crested cockatoo. Beautiful birds (and pretty friendly when they aren't destroying my lemon tree the cunts) but unfortunately they sound [like this](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=62kBystcpOg).
So Americans get confused between a nation which has a majority of Christians, versus a *Christian nation*. Huh. That would explain the similar confusion between nations which have a majority of Muslims (Turkey, Albania, Indonesia) versus Islamic nations (Pakistan, Saudi Arabia, Iran). &gt;And if that is happening, isn't that deeply, DEEPLY fucked up? It's deeply fucked up for religions to be advocating theocracy. Tax status is irrelevant - it's not like a church paying taxes would somehow entitle them to have a say in government. (Churches should pay taxes though, if they are operating in a for-profit manner).
Nah, it makes total sense that religious views would inform political views. Like, let's say you belong to the Church of 420Blazeit, of course you're going to direct followers to vote for candidates that support cannabis legalisation (at least for religious use, anyway). To use a more extreme example, imagine if you belong to a religion that doesn't support imprisoning 5-year-old children and neglecting them until they die. Of course you will tell your followers that X or Y politician did that. What gets me is when they are hypocrites: "Support this guy because he is pro-life, ... er nevermind that he has had 3 wives, is an adulterer, and ordered the deaths of thousands of people." ------------------ Edit: Then there's the issue of advocating for theocracy which is pretty dangerous talk right there - it's one thing to advocate for policies, it's another thing to advocate to essentially change your form of government entirely. Lastly, why tie paying tax and religious-political speech together? Like, if they pay tax they suddenly should get to say whatever they like? Makes no sense to me. IMO they should pay their fucking dues to caesar regardless of what speech rights they get or don't get.
&gt; Pay taxes or shut your mouth about politics. This is such a weird view. As if an organisation paying tax somehow entitles them to speak about politics... let alone advocate for theocracy? How about you force the profit-earning churches to pay tax (leave them alone if they're nonprofit), *and* also arrest the ones advocating for theocracy?
They also have a culture that despises drug users (except alcohol users). They also have police who can hold people without charge or access to a lawyer for 2 weeks.
Firstly, there's no real proof that lethal injection (even when done correctly) keeps people unconscious and is painless. Secondly, it has more than double the rate of botched executions compared to hanging: https://deathpenaltyinfo.org/some-examples-post-furman-botched-executions
&gt; The guy makes it sound like hanging is a common form of execution. I wish it was! As stated, I believe that it's more humane than those other forms I mentioned. (Well, I'm against the death penalty completely, but if you insist on killing people in cold blood then at least try to minimise suffering). &gt;Gas chamber I agree gas chamber is awful. Thankfully it's quite rare in the US (last person was in 1999) although it's still on the books.
&gt; I support the police and will shoot anyone who comes to take my guns! Sounds like a good way to get your ass full of holes like a sieve. Look at how trigger happy American cops are already.
Ah yes, the ol' "I am a criminal in possession of illegal weapons" excuse.
&gt; extrajudicial murder In fairness, this is something the US Government does to people (including their own citizens sometimes) in other countries. They don't do it inside the USA. It's still disgusting but we should be accurate in our criticisms.
Hitler confirmed as yiffer?
Ah I see what you're getting at now. If you're going to confront a corporation that's great but it should be based on facts and not bullshit speculation. Schreier also isn't "confronting" corporations there. He's not sticking it to the man. At least, not intentionally. I think he's just being inconsiderate rather than rebellious. Also ... Schreier works for ... wait for it... a corporation.
I don't support Israel's policies, their colonialist, semi-apartheid bs. But your comment was racist.
Does French have different words for fired vs laid off or downsized or made redundant or terminated or let go? Also people often use fired as a general term for losing your job even if you weren't bat fault. The meaning of the word is not as narrow as you imply.
No one is going to read the title and think that 150 people were fired for doing the wrong thing or screwing up. In most casual conversation fired and laid off are interchangeable. Shit, layoff is kind of an American English thing, at that.
&gt;letting Lmao what the fuck do you want from them. The royals don't have the power to ban people (let alone foreign heads of state) from entering the UK. Can you imagine how undemocratic that would be? It's Parliament who are in charge of that.
I hope Trump is defeated at the next election, and then the Republican Party puts forth a candidate in 2024 who is respectable, dignified and you can feel good voting for.
It also makes sense as India's people get richer and the country develops, they are going to consume more and more energy. So right now they have a chance to set up their energy infrastructure as based on renewables rather than coal and such.
The nordic model should be called the sexist model, or the anti-male model or misandrist model. It's good for sex workers (or at least, it's an improvement over being arrested and prosecuted for sex work) but it's incredibly unjust for the overwhelmingly male buyers.
America is honestly schizophrenic when it comes to sex, marriage, prostitution and porn laws. Just look at California where: * Strip clubs are legal (consider that a topless lap dance is basically a mild sex act, done for money) * Prostitution is illegal (both buying and selling) * Making porn is legal providing you pay your workers/actors, and get filming permits, and providing you don't ask them to fuck but rather ask them to act in a movie that includes fucking (a minor technicality at best) * The age of consent to sex is 18, which is one of the highest in the world, and higher than most US states * They have no close-in-age exception for teen lovers (eg: two 17-year-olds having sex = mutual rape) * There is no minimum age for marriage, with a judge's permission * Sex with your spouse is exempt from statutory rape laws, regardless of how old you and your spouse are
Imagine the next US President said that racist policing (which has been going in the US for 250 years) was bad, and set up policies to try to eliminate it, with mixed success, and probably didn't go far enough. Would you take him or her seriously? Because that's basically what Francis has done. He's only been the Pope since 2013, and he has done shit to combat institutional child abuse, with mixed success. &gt;Michael Jackson So you're saying Michael Jackson was a child rapist, and then comparing him to Pope Francis? Do you have any evidence to back up your claim that Francis is a child rapist? Edit: I'll take the downvotes to mean "no I can't back up my bullshit post at all"
Turns out that Jesus, Paul, and the ancient Hebrews were all super-liberal pro-SJW dickheads. WTF, I hate the Bible now! **Matthew 18:5-6** &gt;5 *"And whoever welcomes one such child in my name welcomes me. 6 “If anyone causes one of these little ones—those who believe in me—to stumble, it would be better for them to have a large millstone hung around their neck and to be drowned in the depths of the sea.* **Matthew 19:13-15** &gt;13 Then people brought little children to Jesus for him to place his hands on them and pray for them. But the disciples rebuked them. 14 *Jesus said, “Let the little children come to me, and do not hinder them, for the kingdom of heaven belongs to such as these.”* **Luke 18:15-16** &gt;15 People were also bringing babies to Jesus for him to place his hands on them. When the disciples saw this, they rebuked them. 16 *But Jesus called the children to him and said, “Let the little children come to me, and do not hinder them, for the kingdom of God belongs to such as these.* **Matthew 5:38-42** &gt;38 “You have heard that it was said, ‘Eye for eye, and tooth for tooth.’ 39 But I tell you, *do not resist an evil person. If anyone slaps you on the right cheek, turn to them the other cheek also. 40 And if anyone wants to sue you and take your shirt, hand over your coat as well. 41 If anyone forces you to go one mile, go with them two miles. 42 Give to the one who asks you, and do not turn away from the one who wants to borrow from you.* **Jeremiah 7:5-7** &gt;5 If you really change your ways and your actions and deal with each other justly, 6 *if you do not oppress the foreigner*, the fatherless or the widow and do not shed innocent blood in this place, and if you do not follow other gods to your own harm, 7 then I will let you live in this place, in the land I gave your ancestors for ever and ever. **Isaiah 16:4** &gt;4 *Let the Moabite fugitives stay with you; be their shelter from the destroyer*.” The oppressor will come to an end, and destruction will cease; the aggressor will vanish from the land. **Ezekiel 47:21-22** &gt;21 “You are to distribute this land among yourselves according to the tribes of Israel. 22 You are to allot it as an inheritance for yourselves *and for the foreigners residing among you and who have children. You are to consider them as native-born Israelites; along with you they are to be allotted an inheritance among the tribes of Israel.* **Ecclesiastes 4:1** &gt;Again I looked and saw all the oppression that was taking place under the sun: I saw the tears of the oppressed-- and they have no comforter; power was on the side of their oppressors-- and they have no comforter. **Romans 12:10-15** &gt;10 Be devoted to one another in love. Honor one another above yourselves. 11 Never be lacking in zeal, but keep your spiritual fervor, serving the Lord. 12 Be joyful in hope, patient in affliction, faithful in prayer. 13 *Share with the Lord’s people who are in need. Practice hospitality.* 14 *Bless those who persecute you;* bless and do not curse. 15 Rejoice with those who rejoice; mourn with those who mourn.
&gt;the worst of them So you admit that not all leaders are the same? I mean shit, why am I even wasting my time arguing with someone so dishonest, making such ridiculous statements?
Having the power held by the royals would be undemocratic because they are literally unelected nobility.
Yes, it is. The whole "Obama / Clinton / George Washington started it" thing is a lie.
Holy shit yeah. That post history.
Clearly. But that is the difference between America and Brazil here. Both have police racism and are relatively violent countries, but the level of corruption and violence and failure of law in parts of Brazil (city slums, and remote regions) is off the charts. Brazil has more than twice as many homicides as all western countries combined. In 2014 Brazil was ranked #1 for total homicides and #12 for rate per capita. (El Salvador had the highest per capita rate, at 82 per 100k (30x the USA's rate, 60x France's rate)). **2014 total homicides:** Europe* = 6275. USA = 17250. Canada = 611. Australia = 227. New Zealand = 45. Total = 24408. Brazil = 61283 *excluding Russia (15581), Ukraine (2845, keeping in mind that it was during the 2014 unrest+invasion), Belarus (340), Armenia (87) and Georgia (39). But even if you add those countries, it's still less than Brazil. Source: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_countries_by_intentional_homicide_rate (figures for 2014)
Oh but if they do it at other times of year that's fine?
Witcher series really solved this I feel by making potions so necessary on anything above the easiest difficulty.
So I Googled "biggest New Zealander assholes and cunts". ... Then when I saw the results, I realised my mistake too late.
You do know what "hentai" means?
&gt;Free speech is free speech, the government doesn't get to decide what anyone gets to think and say, no matter how reprehensible the position. You say that, but you have harassment laws, defamation, incitement to violence and other limits on free speech which are narrowly defined. I don't see why the same couldn't be done for hate speech, if you write it down and narrowly define what it is legally. &gt;You absolutely do not want jur Solis citizenship, it was a mistake of the colonial America's and a headache we have to deal with now. I agree completely. What I want is the (our) constitution to stop the government from taking away citizenship once they grant it. At least not without a trial. Right now, the Australian Government has the power to revoke anybody's citizenship with no due process, no warning, no right of appeal. So far it's only been used against suspected terrorists. But it could in theory happen to anyone - me or my family or friends. If citizenship can be revoked just like that, then it is meaningless and all the other legal rights are meaningless (because if you're not a citizen you can get kicked out of the country, and if you're not in the country you can't get rights).
&gt; interment of Muslims. It's more about how the Uighurs don't assimilate into a Han culture, and instead want to retain their own very distinct culture and customs. Also about how many of them want to be independent of China and form the nation of East Turkistan. The religion-based oppression is just a convenient thing they can use to oppress them, since most of them are Muslims. But the CCP would oppress them regardless, even if they weren't muslim. China is (mostly) fine to the majority-muslim Hui people, who are very Hanised and pro-China.
I think you can have a partial horror theme without necessarily being a full horror game. I would say full horror games are intended to frighten and terrify the player, and give that feeling of dread. Like the Amnesia series and Outlast series. Having a partial horror theme is like, Darkest Dungeon, Dark Souls and lots of other games. Fighting back doesn't make it not horror - but if you are strong enough that *it's no longer scary* then it's not horror anymore (or... it fails at being horror). There can also be frightening levels/areas in games which are not normally frightening. Parts of Dark Souls and the Witcher 3 were like this. Also the Library in Halo Combat Evolved.
/r/cursedimages
Weirdly, it opens for me in Australia. Hah! How do *you* like it!
There hasn't been a fire/fighting starter for 9 years. Though I'll grant you, Incineroar has a fighting aesthetic even though he's dark.
The journo who got her house raided was a News Corp employee. When even the right wing propaganda journos aren't safe from the right wing fascist government, you know shit has gotten serious.
In Australia 40% of the population lives in the two largest cities. There's definitely enough people around to protest this shit.
Why ignore the unwarranted reasons for the raid, though? Also if the warrant was so broad that it allowed police to go through her undies to find information on a story she wrote a year ago... then it's a bad warrant. The AFP had no business going on a *literal* panty raid.
We don't have the right to be free from unwarranted or unreasonable search and seizure. We don't have the right to avoid self-incrimination. And any one of us (including those of us born and raised in Australia to Australian parents) can, at any time, with zero warning, have our citizenship revoked, with no right of appeal. Also the standard here for issuing a warrant is reasonable suspicion, rather than probable cause (which is a higher standard).
Have you ever seen a shorn sheep? The cutest sheep will look ugly af after being shorn.
Doesn't like half of Belgium speak french as their native language?
&gt;Swap between the powerful swordsman War and Strife instantly in frenetic, single-player gameplay Wait, we can't even play as Fury or Death? &gt;two player cooperative mode No four player? Come on.
Even the public prisons in the US (which hold 92% of the prisoners), still use prison labour/slavery.
Both are bad. The reason for the warrant is bad. The broadness of the warrant is bad, considering what they were searching for. Like, warrants need to be specific. If police get a warrant to look for illegal car mods, then they shouldn't be able to go through your tax return drawer. If police get a warrant to look for drugs, they shouldn't be reading your rental lease. (Drugs shouldn't be illegal anyway, but that's another discussion I guess).
He was personally in favour, but most of the other powerful Liberals (like Tony Abbott, Peter Dutton† and the current PM Scott Morrison*) were against it. What Turnbull did was create a national "non-binding" survey, so that when the results came back 60% in favour, refusing to legalise it would have been political suicide. Now, the best situation was to just have a regular vote in parliament on it, and not give the homophobes an excuse to spread homophobia in the "no" campaign. But the conservative Liberals (such as Scott Morrison) made that impossible. Kind of the opposite situation of Gillard. She was personally against it (for pissweak pathetic reasons), but allowed her party to vote their conscience. -------------------- *Scott Morrison was a fucking coward. Abstained from the vote despite his own electorate voting majority in favour. †Remember, the guy who sent the Federal Police to raid journalists this week.
I couldn't give a toss about dynamaxing (and I wish they would stop doing these dumb gimmicks that are abandoned after one game) but the rest of the game looks good.
I mean you can wait until the inevitable "definitive third version" or "direct sequel" comes out in a year or two.
And they tell me there's no problem with crunch / overwork...
If CB2077 is as good as CDPR's previous game TW3, it'll be a great game. HelloGames had no track record, and committed criminal fraud, lying to customers on national TV. The crazy levels of hype were fuelled by the devs being vague and outright lying in many cases. In fairness they have stuck by NMS and updated it. But still, fraud.
&gt;one of the attackers spoke Spanish Being bigoted/racist against spanish-speaking people is a thing among white supremacists in the US. Though in this case you would think they would also be bigoted against one of the victims (Uruguayan woman).
I don't think naming them as male is going to cause an increase in misandry. Like, there's a constant level of sexism where men as viewed as dangerous. It's not going to go up or down based on crime reports. It's already common knowledge that most violent street crimes are committed by males. Whereas racism against minority races/ethnic groups may surge based on a few crime reports.
I wonder how sound would actually travel across the USA. Considering all the mountains in between might soak up the sound, like a dampener?
It couldn't be worse than the Pokemon Sword and Shield box art: https://oyster.ignimgs.com/wordpress/stg.ign.com/2019/06/Pokemon-Sword-Shield-box-art.jpg
Why would you ask that? You know and I both know they didn't.
Charges dropped, thankfully sanity prevailed: https://www.theregister.co.uk/2018/05/07/canadian_teen_hacker/ Lmao at calling the kid a "hacker" though. Dude downloaded a bunch of publicly available FOI files.
It's a symbol of freedom if a woman *chooses* to wear it, in a country where she is free to wear/not wear it as she pleases.
7/11 is also a shitty company. So you're six-of-one, half-a-dozen of the other.
Except no, they're not. You're absolutely insane. Literally tens of millions of women around the world wear hijabs. The vast majority are not Iranian, and are certainly not hateful "ideological supremacists".
If Officer Phillip Brailsford wasn't found guilty after he literally murdered Daniel Shaver in cold blood on camera ... then I have no confidence that this cop will be found guilty of beating a mentally ill man strapped to a chair. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Shooting_of_Daniel_Shaver
Make sure you have a sober sitter, snacks, an umbrella and a blanket! Stay safe.
Bananas are not grown in New Zealand (except in greenhouses). The majority of New Zealand has a cool temperate climate, similar to Denmark. So they grow crops like barley, oats and vegetables. Though, New Zealand lacks Denmark's seasonal variation in daylight hours (that is, they don't have ultra-long summer days, and they don't have ultra-long winter nights). Manuka honey is actually a famous export of NZ. It's a very thick, creamy, tasty honey.
Thank fuck we don't have any wild monkeys in Australia. What an ecological disaster that would be.
Well, that's unfortunate and sad.
The shrine mini dungeons were great but they all looked similar and there was 120 of them. IMO they could've made 4-8 real dungeons, and 40 shrines.
Am I the only person in the world who doesn't care about this? It's about time they trimmed some of the excess. Got rid of some of the crappy designs, unpopular mons, redundant designs etc.
You mean Q3?
It was thematically very dark, you're right. However in terms of graphics/visuals, some other Zelda games had darker/scarier moments. Like in OoT there was: Zombie-infested Hyrule Castle Town; Bottom of the Well; Shadow Temple.
Also at some point they run short on good ideas
&gt;there are around 700 Yokai and oh look, they actually have well animated unique animations while updating the graphics and models every generation, crazy. I don't know much about Yokai - how many attacks does each Yokai have? In Pokemon, each mon has access to like 100 attacks. These are all the moves Pikachu can learn in Sun/Moon: https://www.serebii.net/pokedex-sm/025.shtml And if you really want to do it properly then each attack would have to look different depending on the mon using it. Eg: Blastoise should have hydro pump from its shoulder cannons, other mons from their mouths etc. Look how many mons can learn hydro pump: https://bulbapedia.bulbagarden.net/wiki/Hydro_Pump_(move)#Learnset
How is it worse lol? Having some (at this point its at least 170 confirmed, likely quite a few more) old mons is better than none.
They are usable, but only if they are already obtainable in SwSh For instance you can trade in a Tyranitar or Gyarados from Pokemon Home, because those pokemon can be caught/evolved in SwSh
It doesn't need all 800+ pokemon ever created to be a complete game. God people in this fanbase are so damn entitled and spoilt. You should be thankful you were able to transfer save data as much as you have - no other game series allows such extended save data transfers.
I'd much rather dev time and money went towards things like better animations and general gameplay improvements, with only 400 mons supported.
&gt;If they don't have Aegislash though, that'd be silly. You say that... but S/M didn't have Solrock or Lunatone
&gt;I may dislike Stunfisk and Trubbish for example, but I'll fight for their right to exist Well aren't you a regular Evelyn Beatrice Hall...
It's not even close to complete In fact some mons I'm wondering where he even got the source from that they'll be in. Where have we seen Trubbish or Garbodor in gameplay?
Where did they confirm that? Last I heard Masuda said that you could transfer lets go mons IF they were in the Galar pokedex. Which implies not all of them are. And anyway if they are only including the more popular mons, or mons which fit the galar region, then some kanto mons wouldn't make the cut.
I hope they don't change their mind. I'd much rather have them focus resources on better gameplay and graphics* than on supporting an enormous list of obscure pokemon that will *never stop increasing*. *And let's be real, the animations and graphical fidelity could use a lot of work. SwSh is a decent looking game for Switch, but it's not HOLY CRAP AMAZING.
We don't know whether the Zebstrika line is in or not. Right now the only people who have "the list" of which mons are in, is gamefreak employees. You find *non exhaustive* lists of confirmed mons here: * https://www.serebii.net/swordshield/galarpokedex.shtml * https://www.reddit.com/r/pokemon/comments/avefx7/every_pok%C3%A9mon_appearing_in_sword_and_shield/
It makes total sense because the number of pokemon is never going to stop increasing and we're at That said, part of their justification was they wanted to focus resources on animations and features ... and let's be realistic the animations are basic (I guess the sheer number of attacks in the game is another issue). They need to put in more effort.
I will be incredibly surprised if this makes any noticable dent in sales. Boycotts against massive products like this rarely work. You can't organise a boycott of millions of people. These games will sell somewhere between 8-20 million copies. And even then, merch will make 2 or 3 times what the games make. Buy or don't buy the games, it won't make a dent. If you want to make your voice heard, do it via communication. Though personally I hope you don't succeed. I'd rather the games became better overall, and Wormadam wasn't supported.
And garbage form wormadam
How is Genesect so popular I don't even
You guys at least have the excuse of gerrymandering, terrible low (55%) turnout, and electoral college that allowed Trump to win despite losing the vote Here we have 91% (and that's the lowest turnout in 90 years) turnout and preferential voting and we still voted in morons No matter how great a voting system is, it can't help if people are stupid fuckwits.
&gt;butterfly Silk moths?
&gt;These little white things really do look "mothy" to me https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bombyx_mori
I don't know much about his prognosis. If he is going to die soon then his opinion doesn't really matter anymore, he's not goinng to be able to vote in the next election, or spread his shitty views. If he's going to live awhile then I guess it does matter? Has he been a good dad to you? Would you regret not seeing him before he died? If you do visit, I would recommend not talking politics.
This is clearly low hanging fruit. Just look at this person's twitter account. They list preferred pronouns as "they/them" and have other weird identity tags like "gray-ace/pan" which apparently means grey asexuality and pansexuality. As if anyone on Twitter cares who you fuck or don't fuck. They are clearly just looking for a reason to get offended
Sorry, yeah I know we are all agreeing. Just wanted to further point out how dumb that twitter poster is.
nowkiss
Well aside from the fourth world which is a free roaming style like banjo.
Every Pokemon aside from yungoos elektrik silicoon and gothita, it would seem.
Personally I don't care about the nationaldex crap... But that's not what it means. They don't want all Pokemon to appear in the wild to catch. They want to be able to transfer all Pokemon to the new game via trading. But like I said, I don't care about it.
&gt;everyone else hates it Just some loud people on Reddit, 4chan and social media. The game is still going to sell 10 million copies at a minimum, like all the games before it.
... Woops Has this been reported to CA?
Thanks for this post. I consider myself pretty well educated (I'm not American, either) but I would have trouble reading a weather radar map.
I doubt it. Bunnelby line and Scorbunny are already confirmed.
I know they're talking about the number of Pokemon, but another issue is the number of moves. (And consequently the number of Pokemon x the number of moves.) There's like 728 moves. And many pokemon are able to learn like 50 different moves. If we take Double Kick as an example (the move that looks bad when Scorbunny does it) ... 45 pokemon can learn that move.
The games are published by The Pokemon Company, which Nintendo has a 33% stake in. (Nintendo also has an undisclosed stake in Creatures Inc, who in turn own another 33% of The Pokemon Company, so if Nintendo own more than half of Creatures, then they would in effect own 66% of The Pokemon Company, but we don't know). Except in Australia and New Zealand, where they are published by Nintendo of Australia. However, Nintendo solely owns the ***Pokémon*** trademark. So they can revoke GameFreak's right to use the term Pokemon.
Both sides are to blame. Chinese drug producers are to blame for making drugs and selling them on the black and grey market. Western countries are also to blame for keeping drugs illegal - this whole problem could be solved if drugs were legal and regulated for addicts, with safe places to use.
It's just a branding change. Companies shouldn't get away with that shit. The only issue with calling them British is that they are a multinational company now with thousands of employees of various nationalities.
I think Trump does want to go to war. He thinks it will improve his crappy polling, and people will rally around him in a nationalistic seppo fervor, voting him in for a second term.
&gt; It's difficult to apply modern standards of morality to any ancient civilization, because the rules were different back then. No I'd say it's very easy to apply our standards off morality to situations like that. Cultural relativism is mostly bullshit, and it *certainly* does not extend to murdering thousands of innocents. Sorry not sorry. You're certainly right that wartime massacres and atrocities were extremely common back then though, and of course slavery.
This isn't mildly interesting it's very interesting.
I agree Puerto Rico should become a state, and DC should get Senate representation (without necessarily becoming a state as defined in the constitution). But even adding DC and Puerto Rico won't change the fundamental issue where California has 68x the population of Wyoming and the disparity is only going to get worse. When the US was founded, the most populous state (Virginia) had only 13x the population of the least populous (Delaware).
&gt;Everything he cares about His bank account and his rich white buddies?
This is an upcoming action RPG with a few rouguelite elements. It has a dark fantasy setting and a story that focuses on family. * Another trailer: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UKhx73nYEY8 * 43 minutes of gameplay with dev commentary: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=81IpRnFqaoQ * Subreddit: /r/ChildrenofMorta/ * Demo download: https://store.steampowered.com/app/330020/Children_of_Morta/ * Genre: ARPG, Roguelite, Dark Fantasy * Players: 1, or 2 with local co-op **How it plays:** You do runs through procedurally generated dungeons, and in each run you will find randomised upgrades/powerups like in Binding of Isaac or other roguelikes. Powerups are lost on death. There is also persistent progression because your characters level up and unlock new skills, and the story progresses, and when you die you keep money which you use to buy upgrades between runs. The "classes" are several characters from the same family eg: you can play as Linda the archer, her dad John who has a sword and shield or several others. The combat is a diablo-style ARPG and I find it really fun, but there's no loot system like Diablo or Path of Exile.
Maybe you can expand the House a bit yeah. Though at some point it just becomes unweildy. Like if there was for example 3000 Reps how would any individual Rep get their voice heard, yknow? https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_legislatures_by_number_of_members China is the largest at 2000 but it's not a real democracy. Germany has 709 in the Bundestag but half of those are not local reps, because Germany uses MMP (half the legislature are local reps elected normally like the US, the other half are seats given to the parties until the overall result is proportional representation). UK has 650 in the House of Commons I guess. Maybe go up to 650-700?
With Warhammer, it's impossible to accurately depict the setting without some sexualised stuff such as [Witch Elves](https://www.games-workshop.com/en-AU/Daughters-Of-Khaine-Witch-Aelves-2018) or [Slaanesh](https://www.games-workshop.com/en-AU/Keeper-of-Secrets-2019) (both links are SFW). It may be partially fanservice but it's part of the setting. But I'm pretty sure that the real historical Sun Ren (or her depiction in Total War) didn't have giant tits flopping out of bikini armour.
Plenty of HKers went to Australia. There's over 1.3 million ethnic chinese in Australia, about 5.7% of the population*. Of those, 651k were born in the PRC, 100k in HK, 58k in Taiwan, 3k in Macau - the rest Australian-born. In Sydney, more than 10% of the population are ethnic chinese. We just had a political debate for the electorate (riding) of Chisholm conducted entirely in mandari between two Chinese-Australian women candidates - it's the second most spoken language in Australia behind english.
Great argument there bud, you really went into detail as to why I'm wrong, and now I've changed my view.
I love this guy's accent.
??? It absolutely can be. It's called mens rea and many crimes take it into account. There is also strict liability crimes which don't take it into account.
I guess maybe I'm talking about cause rather than fault. The things you do wrong are your fault, but it can be ultimately caused by getting exposed to (whatever you're addicted to). And also, the comments above kind of imply that only bad people get addicted. Like if you are an addict then you were an asshole to begin with. But that's not true.
That article doesn't say they are intending to make nukes. It says that on 27 June they will break the JCPOA which was signed by Iran, EU, and USA. They will do this by coming closer to being able to make nukes. So far Iran and the EU were abiding by the terms of the JCPOA, [as confirmed by the CIA and reported by the Times of Israel.](https://www.timesofisrael.com/cia-chief-says-iran-still-technically-adhering-to-2015-nuclear-deal/) The reason they are doing this break is to try to pressure the EU to help them economically deal with sanctions which the USA unilaterally put in place when Trump decided to break the JCPOA for no good reason (unless you consider hating Obama to be a good reason). ------------ Frankly though, I could understand if Iran did want nukes. The most powerful country in the world hates them, and is openly talking about invading them, and has recently invaded two (2) countries bordering Iran. I would be very worried Iran got nukes (because then terrorists might get them from Iran, or Saudis would want them) but I understand where they are coming from.
Would you consider a video from a bodycam of a guy gunning down muslims and spouting nazi propaganda and memes, edited to be like FPS gameplay footage, to be incitement to violence?
I'm confused. Redwoods are not native to NZ, they were introduced from North America in the early 1900s. The NZ Redwoods are at most 120 years old. NZ however does have native Kauri trees which are only less than 50m tall but are very wide and can live to be 1000-2000 years old.
Or they could just give everybody 3 years training before sending them off.
It's the same in the US I believe.
Pointing out the conservative pro-war bias of News Corp (Fox, Sky etc) isn't conspiracy theorising. It's just a fact. &gt;Conspiracy No matter what you think: this was a conspiracy. Either it was Iran conspiring to shoot US drones and Japanese boats and then deny it. Or it was Israel or the USA or the Saudis conspiring to do an attack and blame it on Iran.
Sky Australia and Sky UK are Newscorp. Sky NZ is independent, if I recall correctly. The lack of NewsCorp presence in NZ is probably why it's less fucked up than AUS/UK/US.
No that's what the wealthy do when they: * Underpay their workers * Make use of workers who were educated in public schools * They or their workers use public infrastructure such as safe policed streets, bridges, all toilets, waste collection, clean tap water etc * Dig up OUR minerals, chop down OUR forests, pollute OUR air and OUR oceans, for THEIR profit. * Get government handouts and bailouts * Avoid paying tax for all of the above Edit: I forgot: Get people hurt and then expect government healthcare (in the US this would be medicare, medicaid and veterans care), or the hurt people themselves directly, to pay for it.
I mean... you and the 3 posters above you *are* literally attacking his family. And I mean, I think they're fair game since they got involved in politics through their Dad's nepotism. But maybe have some self awareness yeah?
Well the people above you were at least. On review, you weren't.
How many birds being killed by anthropogenic climate change?
&gt; Also, no, AIPAC isnt spending billions of dollars every year, which you know puts some "prejudice" shade on you. Of course lobbying orgs don't spend billions. They don't need to spend billions to get what they want. Not only are politicians bought, they're bought cheaply. Though truly as has been said, it's not so much bribes as indirect pressure and veiled threats, a little bit of campaign funding, and a lot of socialising at high class political dinners/conferences, and convincing politicians to support them
Fair enough. It's been a while (years) since I played. That does indeed sound like colonialism themes.
&gt;but hoping what happened with No Man's Sky multiplayer where we didn't get it right away wouldn't happen with this one as well. Well, with NMS they lied about multiplayer on national TV, and kept lying about it right up to release and even AFTER release they still lied about multiplayer.
Hah! You should see Australia where concentration camps for asylum seekers have bipartisan support! Meanwhile we also have much higher immigration rate than the US? Weird stuff.
&gt; No other flag or pennant should be placed above Can't have anyone thinking that something else could be more important than the government.
&gt; Yemen actually became more religious. I'd be praying too if my kids could be blown to smithereens at any time by American or Saudi drones.
They rigged the Democratic primary, not the election. Actual election rigging, or election interference of any kind, is much more serious. Though I'll admit that since America has an entrenched two party system, it does mean the D and R parties are sort of like arms of the state (not to the extent of a one-party-state, of course, but still) so primary rigging is more serious than it would be in say, Germany or NZ.
Uh, no. He very clearly did decide what his views on zionism were. He clearly states them in the quotation above. &gt;Jabotinsky didn't decide crap- he died nearly a decade before Israel was even founded In the quotation, he clearly indicates that he doesn't believe Palestinian Arabs can be reasoned with. He thinks the Arabs know what the Zionists want, and they will never accept it (the creation of a state run by Jews, with a Jewish majority, as a Jewish homeland, in Palestine). The logical extension of this is that to create such a Jewish homeland state, the Jewish colonists must take the land and establish it themselves.
OK, I think there's been a misunderstanding. I took xian16's comment to mean that "Jabotinsky decided" as in Jabotinsky made up his mind about his opinion. That said, Jabotinsky did establish the paramilitary/terrorist org Igrun (a predecessor to Likud) and has had a huge influence on Israeli politics. Shit, Bibi Netanyahu's father worked for Jabotinsky as personal secretary and historian.
Agreed.
&gt;And after trying almost every drug I could in my 20s, what strikes me is that alcohol is the only one where I woke up the next day and couldn't remember what I did. What the hell is that about? Some other drugs can also do this. But alcohol is a very dangerous drug, yes. Especially because in society we use it so casually. * Blackout on alcohol: OMG LOL WHAT A NIGHT I'M SUCH A CRAZY PART ANIMAL * Blackout on other drugs: Oh no he has a serious drug problem, throw him in prison or send him to rehab.
In Australia, psuedoephedrine is only sold in pharmacies. Low dose products are don't require a prescription and are behind the counter so you have to ask the chemist to get it. High dose products are only legal with a prescription. The fact that drugs are expensive in Australia is more because we are very far away from drug-producing regions and we are a small market. That said, meth (and also weed) is one of the illicit drugs criminals can make here in Australia. It's not like heroin or cocaine which only come from overseas areas.
If it happened in Hong Kong it would be likely that the Chinese Communist Party or the west were involved. With Ethiopia it sounds like very much an internal matter. But correct me if I'm wrong.
&gt;Trump's decisions aren't based on making himself richer Lmao yes they are. Pull the other one. He literally still has all his investments and businesses, and makes his entourage stay at his hotels, which transfers taxpayer money to himself. He also gave tax cuts to the rich ie: himself.
Sort of. The bugs in Hollow Knight speak a nonsense langauge with words like bapanada.
By one trick pony I think they actually mean one hit wonder.
Implying that he would rape a thirteen year old if she was his type?
Running a brothel is a somewhat shady job but it's a mile from being a rapist like Trump.
In fairness I've done the same thing. Of course, I'm not the leader of a country...
How does Hollow Knight punish you for going the wrong way? The game is full of secrets and powerups which are found off the beaten path. I do agree that using a charm slot to get a compass sucks though. Having the compass be optional is a good thing. More options are better. But making it take a charm slot is dumb especially early in the game when you have few slots. However we don't know if the second game will make the compass use a slot. Seems unlikely because it doesn't share Hollow knights charm system.
Lmao. Too many guns getting into people's hands? Surely the solution is yet *more* guns! You guys are like a self-parody.
Trump decided to pull out of the nuclear deal, put sanctions on them, came *thiiiiiiiis* close to launching a drone strike against them last week, and people in his administration have openly discussed invading them. If anything will get them to change their mind, it's that.
&gt; Yoku's Island Express: 50% This game is really fun and unique. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Nzqxul_Udps
Well I assume it's cheaper than paying for drinks for a whole night out? And it's less dangerous than alcohol ([not completely harmless, of course](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/MDMA#Adverse_effects)) providing you are actually getting MDMA and not PMA or some crap.
I mean, in a country like Iraq where religious and ethnic divisions are still so prevalent, the government should be a Shia majority if the people are majority Shia. That's democracy (and Iraq while not a proper full democracy, is certainly more democratic than Iran). That said, for democracy to work properly you also need a strong protection for the rights of minority groups.
I guess there isn't much incentive when 1. The games are going to sell 10-20 million copies regardless. 2. The merch, anime, tcg etc are going to make 3x what the games do.
It got nuked entirely.
Yes, life in prison as an alternative. I do not support mass incarceration like they have in the US. It's out of control in the US. I do support some incarceration. Violent offenders, sexual abusers, and thieves and fraudsters who did particularly bad crimes or repeat offended. For other offenders I think that various non-prison punishments are more appropriate. I also think that recreational drugs should be legal and regulated (different regulations depending on the drug - obviously heroin should not be sold at convenience stores).
Requiring Catholic priests (or other religious ministers) to report doesn't violate any religious rights. Religious rights don't extend to covering up crimes (especially current or future crimes, and especially serious crimes). If a person came to a priest and confessed that they had a kidnapped kid chained up in their basement - should a priest be legally required to report that?
If my religion says it's OK to murder (IDK, let's say florists), should the first ammendment protect might right to murder florists? What about if someone confesses to a priest that they have someone chained up in their basement who they intend to murder tomorrow. Should the priest be legally required to report it?
There's actually a lot of buddhists in Vietnam. But it's a different school of buddhism to the kind practiced in Tibet and Mongolia and Kalmykia.
You could say the same about psychologists, doctors, lawyers and other people who have to break privilege in certain cases. But people still go to the doctor, still go to therapy, and still hire lawyers. &gt;is preventing people from recieving salvation Secular laws shouldn't take in to account Catholic beliefs. Like, Catholic beliefs should not be the basis by which we decide what laws to pass.
Lawyers, psychologists, doctors etc are required to report crimes in certain cases. Yet people still hire lawyers, still go to therapy, and still see the doctor. I'm a Christian. But I'm also a secularist. I don't think freedom of religion should extend to special treatment: to covering up serious crimes, especially ones that are happening currently, or future ones.
Interesting combo.
Cannabis policy is one of the few areas where (some states of) the USA is ahead of other western countries. So well done guys, you and Canada and Uruguay are leading the way.
I'll admit I lol'd and you make a good point. Though I feel compelled to point out that North Korea is the least democratic country in the world. Less than Saudi Arabia. Less than Turkmenistan. Less than Eritrea.
The opposite also applies. Singapore is a very small country, they only have to police a single city. Draconian drug policies don't work in large countries where it's harder to police and enforce. Draconian drug policies also don't work if you want to give your people freedoms like western countries do.
Breath of the wild has maybe 30 enemies, and about the same number of animals. I don't see how any of those games are comparable to Pokemon
I mean, I'll admit that while BotW and TW3 have less enemies/characters, they do have more complex and better animations and AI. Edit: Actually I guess the wild roaming Pokemon will need to have some basic AI. !if see player &gt; chase player etc.
Yes they are investing the most in renewable energy by total amount. [They are also responsible for the largest increase in carbon emissions by total amount, and emit the most carbon of any country.](https://www.smh.com.au/environment/climate-change/disappointing-global-carbon-emissions-growth-quickens-on-china-leap-20181205-p50kco.html) ----------- Edit: And before someone says "muh per capita". Per capita emissions don't matter for climate change, the climate only cares about the total amount of greenhouse gases added. Per capita only matters when we are looking at strategies to reduce emissions in a given country.
The fact that there is even any evidence of, or acknowledgement of, the torture that Americans did in their offshore prisons... ...is still an improvement compared to somewhere like China that has millions of people in prison camps, and executes thousands of people every year, and their government is so good at controlling information that we have no photos, no statistics about it.
Psychologists, lawyers and doctors have to report things in certain situations and people still see psychs, lawyers and docs.
Yeah that 1 year old should have know better, amirite reddit? Jeez...
The comment was saying "see how much it sucks for the 1 year old". It wasn't saying to literally examine a 1 year olds perspective.
3 dead kids, my dude.
~1825 to 1832.
It's possible to not want to go back to the paleolithic era, while also not celebrating genocide.
There is racism in India, but that's not what I'm talking about. Colourism is when you judge a person based on their skin / hair colour. Racism is when you use physical features (often but not always including skin tone) or ethnic characteristics like culture and language, to place someone into an arbitrary group that you made up (such as "Blacks" or "Jews" or "Whites" or "Coloureds" or "Somalis") and then you judge them based on being part of that group. The closest thing I can think of in the west would be teasing gingers. No one is saying gingers aren't white, no one is saying they are some specific recognised out-group. But they tease them for their orange hair colour and pale skin/freckles. Except in India the discrimination against darker skinned people is much worse. --------------- I can't really comment on South America. Latin America is really complicated with most people being of mixed native/european ancestry and the history of Spanish racial castes ... I don't know enough about it.
That map isn't accurate for Australia. The light green "rainforest" area is actually mostly tropical savannah, with subtropical dry and wet forest, and a very small area of tropical rainforest in the northeast. Also where it says temperate grassland it's actually like, dry shrub. Oh and Tasmania is temperate forest of various types (wet forest in the west, dry in the east). Edit: It's also not accurate for New Zealand. Most of the central eastern portion of the South Island is actually temperate grassland. They even have some areas of alpine climate which are too small to show on a map like this. Here I fixed it: https://imgur.com/a/Yyqteo5
Is that Scomo in the bottom left? https://www.betootaadvocate.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/05/scomo.jpg
Old people today are already dying of climate change (heat waves are the deadliest weather event, especially for babies and the elderly).
Doesn't matter. Even if the conservatives have been in power for 8 or 9 or 10 years they'll still blame "libruhls" and "progressives" and in your case "dumocrats" for anything that happens. Here in Australia the Liberals (conservative) are in their 7th straight year of government (and they've been in power for 15 of the last 20 years), and we are heading towards recession, and they still blame Labor for everything, and people eat it up. It's kind of impressive how they do it with a straight face.
He said that you don't have fake news (AKA, any news story critical of Trump) in Russia. Why do you think Russia doesn't have stories saying to get rid of Putin, hmmm? Is it because Putin is just such a nice guy? But OK, sure, let's follow your argument: I bet Trump would like to be alone and unmonitored so he can talk privately with Putin. That's not suspicious at all.
At the age of 76, Mahatma Gandhi slept naked in the bed next to Manu, his 18-year-old grandniece, and Abha, the 18-year-old wife of his grandnephew, to test his self control not to have sex with them. This was at the same time he was fighting (err, nonviolently) the British oppression of India and advocating for their independence.
This is something the average regular person might get wrong. The President of the United States should not be an average regular person (nor should he be a racist rapist moron like Trump). He should be a highly qualified, highly intelligent person of good moral character.
Found the Catholic
No one suggested her status should matter re: asylum applications (though realistically that is why this news story is noteworthy). Denying asylum to her personally would have been *better*, because then they would have to take her in (temporarily while processing her refugee claim). And if India still decided to deny her, another country may have offered to take her instead as was the case with other high profile gulf arab women asylum seekers like [Rahaf Mohammed](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Rahaf_Mohammed). Or she may have ended up sent back into danger like [Dina Ali Lasloom](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dina_Ali_Lasloom), I guess. But instead they chose the Australian route (as per their treaty with the UAE, apparently) and turned back the boat into danger.
&gt;Saudi Arabia The UAE, in this case.
Additionally, if the RAN manage to intercept refugee boats before they get to any Australian land (where it's Australia or Not Australia) then they turn the boats around and send them back.
Japan is also weird since porn that shows genitals is illegal, even for adults. Like you can have full frontal porn nudity but you have to blur out or put a black box over the genitals.
They only banned releasing the baloons, not buying or selling them. So basically it's an anti-littering law not an anti-balloon law. Edit: It might actually not be within their power to ban the possession of balloons, that power would I think be reserved for the state government. And even if the state government banned balloons it might conflict with the Mutual Recognition Act 2010 or Section 92 of the Constitution (not a lawyer).
Nintendo completely owns the Pokemon trademark, and owns at least 33% of The Pokemon Company (possibly as much as 66%). If they own over 50% of TPC they can do what they want with the IP. And even if they don't, they can still hold the IP hostage by preventing GF from using the Pokemon name. Like, if Nintendo revoked permission for the trademark, then GF could make a Pokemon game but not use the word Pokemon anywhere in it lmao.
They hired him to have an opinion, that's what political cartoonists do. All businesses have making money as a goal, that's a given in any contracting or employment situation. Clearly though there is an unstated condition that he not criticize Trump, which could potentially hurt the business interests of the paper's owner Mr. Irving (a billionaire invested in oil and forestry among other things).
Trump bears some indirect responsibility due to his shitty policies driving people to do stupid shit. But the primary responsibility is on the father, of course.
The point is that with proper funding towards prevention, this season may not have been as bad as it is. Of course there is also the issue that we have had such a warm, dry winter. Meaning that the danger was often too high for RFS to do hazard reduction burns. And the reason we had a warm dry winter is partially due to human-caused climate change. Which Scummo and the Liberals/Nationals don't really believe in. They should be trying to cut our emissions drastically and work with other countries to cut global emissions. Instead, they're sabotaging international climate talks, and shilling for coal. It's fucking insane.
Apparently he thinks Hawaii is a better place for his kids, though. ----------------- Meanwhile back in Australia our kids get to choke on smoke. Scumbag.
&gt;Ended around 1970 Not that aboriginal people have it great now, though. They are disproportionately poor, more likely to live in remote areas far from infrastructure and services, much more likely to go to prison, and live 10 years (!!!) shorter on average. But there is no longer a genocide. In fact, there's lots of affirmative action policies to try and help aboriginal people. But IDK how helpful it really is. As I said, they still face systemic issues.
The Liberals and Nationals and their inexplicable popularity are mostly just a symptom of the core problem: News Corp, Seven West and to a lesser extent Nine (well, some of it), the Minerals Council of Australia, the IPA, and co.
As gearx5 said it really depends where you move. It's a massive state, 2500km (1600mi) north to south, and 1600km (1000mi) east to west. You're rarely going to have major water restrictions if you live on the coast. Typical water restrictions might be something like only allowed to water your garden by hand, after dark + not allowed to wash your car. The government isn't going to send the cops into your house to watch you shower, if that's what you're worried about. Fire is a big danger for people who live in small towns/farms surrounded by forest. If you live in an urban area then you're not at risk from fires, but you may have to cope with smoke. You may also be partially or completely banned from lighting fires during especially dangerous days. Most of the fires happening this year are in my state: NSW, to the south of QLD. About 90% of Queenslanders live on the coast (and most of the rest live within 90 minutes drive of a beach). By far the most populated area is South East QLD, a 200km (120mi) stretch of cities and suburbs (boroughs). From south to north: Gold Coast-Tweed, Brisbane, Sunshine Coast. And also 100km west inland to Toowoomba. About 3.6 million people live in this region. This is where most of the infrastructure, medical services, government, theme parks, nightlife, shopping etc is. The climate here is like Georgia - warm and wet, with cooler mountains inland. Heading north along the coast, there's a lot of sugar cane plantations, and small coastal towns that rely on farming, mining and tourism. The climate gradually gets more and more tropical. There's 4 major cities heading south to north: Bundaberg (100k), Gladstone (33k), Rockhampton (80k), Mackay (130k). Bundaberg is known for its rum and ginger beer, and it's also near Fraser Island. North of here, the reef starts. Gladstone and Rockhampton are close together, they have a bit of a drier climate, and this is about as far south as crocs live. Then it's a long drive to Mackay, which is near a bunch of touristy tropical islands. The distances are huge, driving from Cairns to Brisbane is easily a 2 or 3 day drive. It's like driving from Jacksonville to NYC. Far North Queensland has two major cities: Cairns (150k) and Townsville (185k). The region has a tropical climate (think like, India or southern Mexico), the year is split into 2 seasons. Wet (Monsoon) Season is very hot and humid with lots of thunderstorms and cyclones (hurricanes). Dry Season is warm, dry and generally pleasant. On the coast it's tropical rainforest (think: southern Mexico) while inland, it's tropical savannah (think: India, Kenya). The inland areas are very sparsely populated. There's a lot of cattle stations (ranches) and some small towns. To give you an idea, Charters Towers, Emerald and Mt Isa are all considered "major" inland towns and all have fewer than 15,000 people. The south-west quarter is a hot desert where almost nobody lives. There's one cop assigned to the area, he has jurisdiction over an area the size of Texas. The northern tip (beyond Cooktown, which is 2hrs north of Cairns) is extremely remote, with only a few small aboriginal villages. There's only dirt roads all the way from Cooktown, 500km north to Cape York (the northern tip of the continent) and many roads become impassable in the Wet Season. Beyond that there is the extremely remote Torres Strait Islands (still part of QLD), home to native islander people who are distinct from Aboriginals. ---------------------- You should be aware that, you're basically moving to Australia's Florida: * White people gone troppo (crazy) from the heat. Check. * Beach culture: Check. * Tourists: Check. * Man-eating reptiles. Check. * Conservatives. Check. * Old retired people. Check. * Bogans (rednecks) boating around the swamp. Check. * Tagline is "The Sunshine State". Check.
&gt; and because paying 75,000 people a full time salary would cost a ludicrous amount of money. So fucking what. THAT'S THE COST OF FIGHTING FIRES. THAT'S THE COST OF SAVING LIVES AND PROPERTY. Like, what would we do if they all just decided to quit tomorrow? We'd all be fucked six ways to Sunday. Anyway they don't need to paid "full time salaries". They need to get *casual wages* for the time they work. though. And compo if they get seriously injured or killed defending your house/life. They're doing a hard af, dangerous job which is vital to society.
&gt;Free market Except for the bit where they are trying to ban boycotts.
Governments (and to a lesser extent corporations) were invented to solve big problems that are hard or impossible for individuals and small groups to solve. Like poverty, building infrastructure, military defense, and environmental management or running a big industry. So when the government and corporations are a huge PART of the problem, you're damn right people are pissed. Everybody shares blame but it isn't equal. This is much more on government and big companies than on individuals. -------------------------------- -------------------------------- Especially 'tragedy of the commons' type problems. Google it. But in short: problems where if one person tries to solve it then that person is hurting themselves and not solving anything, but if everybody helps solve it then everybody will be better off. Think the White Walkers in GoT: if one house fights them, they are doomed and Cersei is better off not helping, but if many houses fight together then they can win. Don't engage in 'the drug dealer's defense', that's bullshit: eg: it's not the meth dealer's fault he is just providing a service that people want, it's the addict's fault.
Big house is fine if you have the space, which Australia does. You just have to build them smart, have insulation and curtains and tight fitting windows, awnings etc. Also if we used renewable green energy, then heating and cooling your McMansion wouldn't be an issue. &gt;no BMW Correct, but there are already electric cars and even 4WDs. They just need to be cheaper. The government needs to provide incentives like banning the sale of new petrol/diesel cars, and subsidies for buying electric cars. But instead the Australian government is pretending the Elon Musk is the second coming of Satan (he's a dick, sure) and EVs are evil.
If Russia is smart (and Putin, if nothing else, is smart) then they will funnel money into whatever opposition there is to the US in Iran, and keep the war going as long as possible. This weakens the US, and also increases Trump's chance of re-election. Fuck me. This is so bad.
He loves money, which is pink, blue, red, yellow and green.
Scummo doesn't live in Canberra, he lives in the suburb of Port Hacking in Sutherland Shire in southern Sydney, a conservative area informally known as "God's Country". And since he is the Prime Minister he also has access to The Lodge in Canberra and Kirribilli House in Sydney. But he really lives in Sutherland.
Lmao. Well, they're conservative enough that the whole shire votes Liberal every election. The electorates of Cook and Hughes are both safe Liberal seats. Scummo/Smoko/SloMo is the member for Cook.
Cool but 99.99% of drone strikes are against people and organisations with absolutely no connection to 9/11.
We can all name a sensible left-leaning or centrist old person. My 60-something mother said he's "no bloody good" and "he doesn't believe in global warming". My father in law (***an evangelical Christian pastor***) think the Liberals are ruining all of Labor's initiatives and ruining the climate, the earth which God has given us to take good care of. Also he says Morrison's prosperity gospel stuff is unchristian. My nan and pop (RIP) were dyed-in-the-wool Labor voters. Before she passed, Nan heard that the Liberals won and she replied "Good heavens..." and shook her head. They're rolling in their graves now I'm sure. But overall, the trend is that older people tend to vote for the LNP more often than not.
We have ranked choice voting. Once you account for preferences, 51.5% of us voted for this scumbag/his party. But the country is just fucked by News Corp (Murdoch media), other right wing media and mining companies who are all in bed together. Network Seven is owned by a mining billionaire Kerry Stokes. Mining billionaire Clive Palmer, head of a minor party, spent $50 million on an ad campaign to slander the center-left Labor Party. He didn't even try to win seats for his own party, he just focused on making sure Labor didn't win. Adani, an Indian mining multinational, wants to open up a massive coal mine in QLD and pushed propaganda to help that along. The mine is such a bad investment that the government will have to provide corporate welfare, it'll provide few jobs, and it will fuck up the environment including endangered finches.
If he were a brown Republican, he would never have become President - Republicans wouldn't vote for him because he's brown, and Democrats wouldn't vote for him because he's Republican. There is exactly one African-American Republican House Rep, and one Senator.
&gt; the democratically elected Prime Minister of Iran, Mossadegh Can I just point out that, while Mossadegh was democratically elected and popular ... he was also acting with dictatorial "emergency powers" due to the crisis British blockade of Iran. So he was basically doing a Palpatine. "I love democracy. The power you give me, I will return, once this crisis is over". But now, we'll never know if he would give up the power. Because the US/UK/Shah imprisoned him and installed Shah as dictator.
The dude was an Iranian general. If that makes him a terrorist then US generals are also terrorists. Not to mention Trump threatened to bomb Iranian cultural sites - the kind of thing a terrorist (or I guess more accurately a war criminal) would say. But to be clear: I don't support Iran's shitty regime or their state-sponsoring of terrorists.
Great speech but just point of contention: America has the largest nominal GDP and highest amount of billionaires, but not the highest GDP per capita, PPP per capita, PPP, GNI per capita, or lowest Gini, or highest HDI or inequality-adjusted HDI.
At the very least a fair trial would mean not having the Senate majority leader, Mitch McConnell (R-Kentucky) publicly declare that he isn't impartial and intends to acquit Trump regardless of evidence. Which is what happened. &gt;Jury nullification exists and yet cases in which it is employed are still fair. Jury nullification is a dangerous tool that can lead to both very good and very bad outcomes. For instance acquitting a prostitute (good) or a smalltime weed user (good), versus acquitting a lynch mob (bad, and this actually happened). In either case, it definitely ignores the letter of the law and if it became common then something needs to budge because the validity of the judicial process + validity of the law in question has been compromised. Anyway in a typical trial, the prosecution and defense jointly select the jurors And often they ask "have you heard of jury nullification" and then don't pick people who say yes. Here, nobody gets to choose the Jurors (aside from kinda sorta the public, although the Senate isn't democratic). &gt;Speedy trial The right to a speedy trial exists so that regular folks don't sit in jail awaiting trial, or get thrown out of their community while rumours are spread about them without the chance to acquit. Neither of those apply to the President / impeachment.
True, although this man was widely seen as the second most powerful man in Iran. I guess the third would probably be the elected President.
Regular folks of any nationality have more in common with each other than with billionaires of any nationality.
They'd be tried for refusing the order. It's illegal under the geneva convention the US has signed. But clearly the current admin cares nothing for that (and previous ones sometimes didn't either).
It's not like WW2 was "a good war" and the US were the "good guys" but now they're the "bad guys". History is more complicated than that. Which is part of what the original Mitchell and Webb sketch is satirising.
Refusing to turn the charges over to the court, because the jury (who is supposed to be impartial) has publicly said they'll never convict regardless of evidence. And also note that when a normal person is charged with a crime, they already face serious consequences like being stick in jail after being refused bail, and maybe getting fired or losing the respect of their community - none of these affect Trump. And in a normal trial, the jury is picked by the defense and prosecution.
&gt; The human freedom index uses a subjective definition of what freedom is. So when it ignores things like hate speech laws or New Zealand making it illegal to view the manifesto of Christchurch shooter, it shows that many of those countries don't respect freedom of speech as much as the US. I would say it shows that other countries have a different conception of freedom of speech to the US, and that the typical American view of it is not necessarily the universally correct one. &gt;The US gave every nation a chance to function when those states acted against US interests, e.g. trying to nationalize American property or allying with the Soviets, they saw consequences for their actions. If you mean that the US didn't literally annex/make into colonies all the countries that it didn't like, sure (they did annex Philippines, Guam, Haiti and Puerto Rico, later allowing Haiti and Philippines to gain sovereignty). That was an improvement over classic imperialism. I also think the US was more respectful of national sovereignty than say, China or the USSR or the European Empires in the 20th century prior to the dismantling of European empires after WW2. However, I still don't think they were very respectful of it in an overall sense. They had no qualms launching coups to replace governments (including democratic ones) they didn't like. They replaced the democratic governments of Iran (1953) and Guatemala (1954) and replaced them with US-aligned dictators. They bombed the shit out of Laos when they weren't even at war with them, and Laos had done nothing to attack the US or US forces. They supported a dictator in South Vietnam, and in South Korea, and in Taiwan, and in countless other countries, simply because they weren't communist/were anti-communist. Now I'll grant you, some countries they did help achieve national sovereignty and democracy. Like West Germany and Japan. They also eventually allowed democracy to take hold in South and Central America after squashing it a few times. &gt;e.g. trying to nationalize American property In Iran 1953, it was the property of a company which was part owned by the British government, if I recall. Frankly, there's nothing wrong with a country nationalising major industries from foreign corporations who are exploiting that country and its people.
I mean, the most respectful doesn't mean they were very respectful overall.
&gt;Legal Legal as decided by a big powerful nation muscling in on the little guy?
Also the State Government of New South Wales (who surprise surprise are run by the same party as the federal govt).
Panama, Ecuador, Peru, Cuba, Jamaica, Haiti, part of Brazil...
What the money buys (rebuilding homes, re-planting crops, re-buying livestock, labour to restore the environment and animals, money to pay for healthcare/food/other necessities) is important.
I'd be good if the government put money into eradicating them all, once and for all. Then there wouldn't be such an ongoing problem, and it would prevent future suffering of the animals. If the US can do it with bison (native to NA) we can do it with camels (invasive to AU).
No, shoot them. Read the article. They don't even live in forest areas. Like, what?
...OK you have no idea what you're talking about. Cya.
A lack of votes isn't the problem. * In 2018, Democrats got 18 MILLION more votes in the Senate. They still lost two seats while the Republicans gained 2. * In 2016 Democrats got 11 MILLION more votes in the Senate, they gained two seats (in historically blue areas anyway) whilst the Republicans lost two. * In 2014 the Republicans got 4 million more votes in the Senate. That translated to them gaining NINE (!!!!) seats from the Dems. The issue is the Senate is inherently undemocratic* and population trends. Cities tend to be liberal. More people are moving to fewer cities in fewer states. Liberals are getting more concentrated into a few states, reducing their representation in the Senate. Liberal Americans are kind of [packing and cracking](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Gerrymandering) themselves. The exception I guess is New England which, due to historical reasons, has a lot of small states and is a blue region. Which at this point is really the only thing stopping total Republican super-majority in the Senate (that, and the fact that DC and Puerto Rico aren't states yet). ------------------------------- *Which wouldn't be so bad by itself. In a union of 50 states, it's important that each state has somewhere it can voice concerns, equally, without being drowned out. However the Senate has so much power: equal power to pass laws, power to remove (or not) Presidents, a veto on SCOTUS appointments. ------------------------------- Anyway all this is to say that the system is fucked and yes, please get out and vote, but you're gonna need an insane majority of the vote to get a Senate majority, and you're gonna need it in specific states.
~~As of 2017,~~ his company (the fourth largest mining company in the world) ~~had never paid income tax. Ever.~~ He gives a shit ton to charity and has done some great things. But it's not a substitute for paying your fare share to society.
Outta or out of.
I'm the guy above who first said &gt;Describing regular folks as "beggars" compared to a mining billionaire. Wow. That's the American mindset for you, I guess, hail the ruling class. And &gt;Charitable donations are no substitute for paying your fair share to society. And &gt;But look, I don't want to shit on Forrest's generosity. It's just I'm frustrated because we now live in a world where billionaires have hoarded most of the world's wealth, and now they get to decide which causes are worth supporting. ---------------- &gt;Blah blah strawman "bro" bullshit Yeah nah not gonna even dignify that with a proper response. Nice job making yourself look like an asshole, mate.
Wasn't there also a fake story about the newest Kim executed a family member by blasting him with artillery?
I mean it 100% wouldn't surprise me but you also can't take this at face value because a) its Murdoch b) its the Daily Fail, particularly known as one of the worse Murdoch rags c) it's about NK, a closed state d) it's crazy
**FALSE.** Almost all the people we imprisoned on Manus and Nauru were assessed and found to be legitimate refugees. But under the Liberal/National Party policy, they were refused resettlement anyway, regardless of their status. -------------------------------------- So yes there is a difference between asylum seekers and refugees ... but in this case they are almost all refugees.
At least if Australia does become uninhabitable and we all become climate refugees ... then maybe the ~51 percent of us that keep voting for inhumane refugee policies ... will maybe get a taste of their own medicine. Not that anyone deserves to be a refugee. But perhaps a silver lining would be people finally gaining empathy and regretting what they did. Realistically though Tassie will still be inhabitable. And of course we can move to NZ (though they might cancel the TTTA if they think there'll be a mass exodus of Aussies).
You're right to a degree, but I just want to point out that on some issues Australia is already further left than America. * Gun control which puts America to shame (put in place by a right wing government, no less) * Universal dual-payer/single-payer healthcare which puts America's system to shame * Prostitution is legal which puts most of America to shame Of course we are super behind when it comes to: * Civil liberties (we have no bill of rights and governments have gotten more and more authoritarian) * Cannabis policy (America is ***waaaay*** ahead on this) * America legalised gay marriage 2 years before us * Both major parties, but especially the right wing Liberals, are in a sexual relationship with coal mining companies
America: * Cannabis legal in 11 states, 2 territories and DC * Legalised gay marriage 2 years before Australia * A number of constitutional amendments secure important rights: 4th, 5th, 6th, 8th, 9th and 14th. * 1st Amendment is also very important and not present in Aus, but has sadly been [misinterpreted](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Citizens_United_v._FEC) to give rights to corporations * Generally better citizenship rights Australia: * Better worker's rights * Better consumer rights (at least until the government manages to pass the ban on boycotts) * Universal dual-payer/single-payer healthcare * Legal prostitution * Sensible gun control * Generally better (not perfect) voting system, much higher voter turnout due to mandatory voting
&gt; Labor is demonstrably further left than the US Democrats Except on a few issues like: * Cannabis legalisation * The treatment of unauthorised boat arrivals * Some civil rights issues, like citizenship revocations
The Republicans and Liberals seem to think it is.
There's no evil group that controls the whole world. But there is organisations and individuals with a vastly disproportionate amount of power in the world. And there is real conspiracies by powerful people - like how fossil fuel companies conspire to push propaganda against renewables, cover up the harmful effects of fossil fuels, push climate change denial etc.
You know what messes with your brain even more? Being kidnapped by thugs and forced into an abusive "wilderness program" at a young age. What the fuck, mate. There's no universe where that's OK. Not only is it shitty parenting, it's child abuse and should be a crime punishable by prison time. Meanwhile cannabis use should be legal for adults, and treated as a health issue for teens.
Yeah but dat lactobacillius doe.
They would be insulted, but ultimately brush it off. Because it still suits their agenda that China is "one country" (it's not), which in turn suits their agenda of eventually invading and annexing Taiwan. Now if Taiwan formally declared independence and total separation (which they already have, in every way except the pretend fantasy of "one china") then China would go apeshit. They have already threatened to invade if Taiwan does that. Trouble is, they're gonna invade eventually anyway. So Taiwan might as well declare independence sooner rather than later.
&gt;input
Using foreign classic novels is extremely common in many, many countries. Especially when some novels were written before certain countries even existed. Most countries aren't in an insular culture bubble like the PRC is.
Fascism implies there is also an ultra-nationalist and racist element. ... Which China has as well.
They say they're communist.
It's not just the Europeans' fault. The first African leaders after independence pleged to uphold the previously-drawn European borders, to try to avoid conflict amongst themselves. Of course, it didn't work out and there was conflict between and within the new countries.
&gt;In an op-ed on Sunday, China's state-run media mouthpiece Xinhua blamed Tsai and the Democratic Progressive Party (DPP) for using "dirty tactics such as cheating, repression and intimidation to get votes," which it claimed exposed "their selfish, greedy, and evil nature." In a Chinese language op-ed, Xinhua accused Tsai of buying votes and blamed the election results on "external dark forces." Hahahahaha OMG what a laugh. A totalitarian state and external dark force ... accusing liberal democratic Taiwan of rigging elections and being manipulated by external dark force.
The cold doesn't make people sick on its own, so one exposure to cold water likely won't cause you to get sick (providing it's not so cold that your body goes into shock or you get hypothermia). But lots of cold weather and drastic temperature changes can mess with people's immune systems, making them more likely to get sick if they come into contact with germs. IF being the key word: it's also possible to get lucky and just not come into contact with any cold/flu/other germs.
Indeed, the Americans decided to withdraw the majority of their forces (there was still several thousand Americans in South Vietnam right up until the Fall of Saigon, though). The ARVN (South Vietnam conventional army) continued to defend South Vietnam until they were ultimately defeated.
Oh fuck off. Literally 1% of crime in Victoria is committed by Sudanese people. And the Sudanese community is mostly a) young people under 40 and b) poor. So it's no wonder they're more likely to be involved in crime. They're clearly an at risk group that needs to be focused on in terms of enforcement and outreach. But front page headlines? Nah. It's not some massive crime wave like Murdoch + the Liberals made it out as.
Sure if you ignore all the blatant racism and sensationalism. They (News Corp) weren't making dry articles about how Sudanese are 0.1% of the population but 1% of crime and how we need to outreach to their community to prevent petty crime and street crime, focus on shutting down organised crime etc. No, they were fearmongering with shit pieces by convicted racist and paedophile defender Andrew Bolt: https://www.heraldsun.com.au/blogs/andrew-bolt/two-more-brutal-crimes-by-african-gangs/news-story/e7f4a655cd438ef522c177a0c3f14a2a
&gt; at a per-capita rate that Australia has never seen before. Yeah I'm gonna need sauce for that, dawg.
It's illegitimate in the sense that any dictatorship or one-party-state is illegitimate. But in reality, it is an independent sovereign country. Even if their government is shit and has no right to govern.
I mean if we're going to go down that road: The turnout for the 2016 US Pres. election was only 55% which is abysmally low for a modern democracy, and calls into question the legitimacy of the winner even if the popular vote winner (Hillary) had won the election. Not to mention, the popular vote was 46% to 48%. Neither of them got majority support - only a plurality. Which again calls its legitimacy into question.
I never said rape victims should have to have a child. I never said I supported this law. Literally anybody can read my comment, and see that I never said anything like that. &gt;Blocking you Good riddance you lying sack of shit. Fuck off and learn to read comments before raging and accusing people of lying.
The US government needs to put price controls on university courses. Otherwise universities will just keep jacking up the price because they know they have people by the balls. People NEED degrees, so they will keep taking out govt loans to pay for uni.
It's also bullshit. It will only raise the price of the services and goods provided by minimum wage workers. And only by the amount that the wage increases. And also the effect isn't 1:1 because the US isn't a closed market where they produce every service and good they need, themselves.
&gt;They cant charge right at the inflation rate because then they dont make money on those loans That's not a bad thing. The government isn't a business and shouldn't be run like one. The purpose of university loans isn't to make money directly from the borrower. It's to help the person get a good job with which they: * Provide a valuable service to society and make the country better * Get paid more so they can pay higher taxes to the government in the long term. College loans should go up to match inflation, but nothing more.
Mostly refugees. Some rich people coming to study on our universities or for family migration. My neighbours are from Burundi. Only 1% (maybe less, even) of the population are black Africans tho. They're outnumbered by "blackfellas" (indigenous Australians - Aboriginals and Torres Strait Islanders) 4 to 1. Most immigrants are from China, India, Philippines, Vietnam, NZ (and formerly from UK, Ireland, Italy, Lebanon, Serb/Croat).
iTs NaTuRaL cHaNgE hUmAnS cAn'T aFfEcT tHe ClImAtE!1! tHeReS mEriT tO bOtH sIdEs
&gt;Mustafa Kassem I mean let's be real, Trump probably doesn't consider people with names like that to be "real" Americans.
The women of Iran are not the Muslim women of Australia, or America, or Turkey or Tunisia or Israel or India or Bangladesh. Muslim women are not the same everywhere around the world. If women in other countries want to take off their hijabs in some kind of show of solidarity with Iranian women, that's nice, I guess? I mean it won't change the law in Iran, but it would be a nice show of support because, like, fuck Iran's shitty ass oppressive government. But by the same token, they also shouldn't be shamed if they actually want to wear a hijab in a country where they are free to choose either. If you shame women for wearing it, you're literally *no better* than some conservative muslim parents shaming their daughter for going bare-headed.
You're just as bad as the fucking conservative muslims shaming women. A woman choosing to wear a headscarf (rather than being legally forced to) isn't "intolerance" it's a fucking *wardrobe choice*. &gt;I can guarantee you that most people who are wearing a hijab arent making an educated and free choice. Well thank goodness /u/pelpotronic is here to save the world's women (who live outside Iran, Saudi Arabia etc) from their dumb little female brains, and shame them into making the "right" wardrobe choice. ... * Most people choose clothing based on fashion and culture and personal comfort. Bare breasts are legal in New York, USA, but most women choose to cover up to feel less exposed and to avoid unwanted attention. I could legally go shirtless around town but I won't because I'm hairy, pale and unfit and it would make me feel exposed. * If even 1 woman in the whole world chooses to wear it of her own free will ... then she should be allowed to.
They didn't. The US/UK put into power a dictator-king, who was a moderate muslim that encouraged western culture (only the capitalism, secularism and clothing - not the freedom and democracy). Then this unpopular dictator was overthrown in '79 and the modern shitty authoritarian regime was established.
It may not be what they want now. I'd like to believe that a majority of Iranians would like a democracy and a generally freer society (not necessarily as liberal as the west). The point being made above was that it (more power for religion) was what a large amount of the population wanted in '79.
No, we're not "past the point of no return". That's fossil fuel propaganda you're spreading (perhaps unwittingly). Yes we're past the point to completely prevent any warming+damage. But the sooner we act, the more we can limit the damage and slowly let our climate recover. What we do now and in the next decade or two is going to have a huge impact on the future.
Foreveralone or not, he's still a climate denying idiot. They're not related.
Wait a second. Are you saying that in NZ, the government charges *interest* on student loans? Is that as crazy as it sounds, or am I missing a key bit of info? And sorry about your late wife, that's really unfortunate.
Man your first amendment is in serious trouble. And I say that as an Aussie where freedom of the press and speech is in worse trouble.
Search Google: &gt;"Straight White Males: This Movie Is NOT For You" &gt;0 results &gt;"Why Are Straight White Males Refusing To See This Movie?" &gt;0 results Yeah I'm calling bullshit on this.
Maybe you're right, I don't know enough to say. But I just wanted to put in that if working class (why are they wasting money on sugar water?!?) Americans (the fattest country, still? Or have you been usurped now?) are angry about a tax on sugar water, they're fucking morons.
Europe is far more diverse and fractured than the USA is. Though obviously it's not a fair comparison because Europe (despite the EU) isn't one country. But what I was actually getting at is that there's so many Americans in the world that it's just more likely you will see them doing bad things and good things ... and just things in general ... because they're like 4% of the world population (and probably like 10% of world travellers).
Well that's what they are currently doing with the up next algorithm.
I actually do want this aside from: * The obscene and unpresidential statue of Bill getting a bj * The animal implied to be in a relationship with a human (bottom right) * Unregulated home cloning of people + splicing animal DNA in (notice the driver of the clone truck is a lizard) * Ads for weed - recreational drugs including alcohol and tobacco should not be advertised * Physical porn being distributed by truck (like, what? Who buys porno mags now, let alone in the future?) Also implying the right wing gives a shit about unpresidential behaviour (GRAB EM BY THE PUSSY) or doesn't watch porn?
Just that inequality extends beyond money to literal houses, with some rich people having more houses than they need lying empty while others are on the streets. And if landlords were willing to rent their houses out for cheap, there'd be far less homeless people (some are so mentally ill that they really need institutionalisation and can't really live in a house properly).
It's also not necessarily an undemocratic or dangerous thing. Other countries have their deputy/vice executive also hold other portfolio's in the cabinet and still manage to run successful democracies.
*The Australian* (the newspaper in question) is basically far right propaganda for a more educated audience that can read words with more than 6 letters. It doesn't even make a profit. Murdoch runs the paper at a loss, because it's real purpose is to spread propaganda - not to make money on its own.
Queensland Labor (the most conservative Labor party in the country) passed anti-protest laws to target environmentalists. Which other state Labor government passed them?
That was the Coalition, who have been in power in NSW for the last 8 years. But still thanks for posting it because any oppressive draconian laws are worth mentioning.
That feel when the Danes raid and pillage your train as it passes through their Kingdom.
Evidently they don't give a shit and don't consider PR "real America", because they've let it get so damn bad and what are they doing to fix it?
Puerto Ricans already pay federal income tax on income they earn from outside the island (such as if they work for a foreign company, the federal government, or an export business). That said, most of them are so poor that they would pay little to no federal income tax anyway. The median household income in PR is just $20k per year. Compare that to West Virginia (the poorest state) at $44k or Maryland (the richest) at $83k. If they were a state, they would've had to follow financial regulations that would have prevented them from getting into such a huge mess. They would also have had access to certain avenues that states do, which territories don't. They've also been drastically affected by federal laws that prevent any goods from being exported/imported directly to and from Puerto Rico itself. Instead, all goods must first pass through a port in one of the states before going to/from the island. This massively increases the costs of goods there and prevents any exports from being competitive, even given low wages on the island. Any election with three choices isn't going to be accurate (for instance if being a territory gets the most votes at 40%, then it's possible that 60% wanted literally anything else). Unless you allow people to rank their preferences in order.
Some groups of Australian Aboriginals had similar land management practices with controlled burns and such.
Ceterum autem censeo Carthaginem esse delendam*
Upvoted because I just want to be a part of something!
I HAVE THAT CHORUS! Really underrated old box. What's the flange like?
You can get graphite from a pencil, even.
You don't want to sell me fish sticks. You want to go home and re-think your life.
What about oblast/federal subject level governments? Does any real democracy happen there, or is it all still undemocratic?
Some of them are actual monsters. Not all, as the CIA does a lot of stuff not only assassinations/torture/kidnappings/coups and such.
&gt;and have a Prime Minister as the leader of the party with the most support in the lower house? I just want to point out that in Australia the Prime Minister isn't actually a constitutional office. Appointing a PM, from the majority party, is just a convention. ...A convention which is core to how Australia is run. Kind of like how in the USA, political parties and primaries are not constitutional - they just exist by convention. However in India and Germany, I believe the PM is an official constitutional office. In India, the PM can be a sitting member of either of the two houses of the legislature (essentially, he can be a Rep or a Senator), but has to be a member of the party with a majority in the lower house. ------------- Regarding CAN/NZ/UK: It's also not a constitutional office in Canada, New Zealand or the United Kingdom. But those countries don't even have single constitutions the way that Australia and the United States do. For instance in New Zealand, their constitution is made up of a couple of Acts of the British Parliament (where the UK formally cedes authority to NZ), as well as the Treaty of Waitangi between the Maori and British (it ended the war, ceded authority to the british, but guaranteed many rights for the maori people). Edit: Also I should point out that in Australia, the GG did excercise power by himself once: in 1979 he fired the PM and appointed the opposition leader as the interim PM. It was, and remains, a huge scandal. If you guys alter your constitution to have a split executive (eg: GG and PM), then it's your choice as to how much power/what powers to give each office. One day, Australia will become a formal Republic (hopefully not yet, as I wouldn't trust the current government to re-write our constitution!). When that happens, it will be up to us how we deal with the office of GG (currently appointed by the Queen when the PM asks, for a traditional term of 5 years). Personally I would prefer an elected GG, with the condition that if you are a current or former member of a political party then you can't run.
I feel so sorry for you guys. Many Russians are smart and dedicated to the country and want it to be better ... but you guys have just never had a chance, you have always had relatively shitty governments from the Tsars to the Soviets to the oligarchs to "President for life" Putin.
They're just racists. That's all there is to it. Andrew Bolt, Miranda Devine and Alan Jones are all racist scumsuckers who need to be relegated to obscurity. But Nine and News Corp will never do that because News Corp is ideologically racist right wing nuts, and Nine just loves money which Jones brings them.
Even if you believe in the story of Eden, Adam and Eve ate a magic fruit that gave humans the ability to engage in moral reasoning and discern right from wrong. So his argument still makes no fucking sense. Even by arguing what we should or shouldn't do here ... he is arguing right and wrong, and being a hypocrite.
Doctors roll their eyes because they see 50 patients a day, half of whom don't know shit and self-diagnose themselves with crap. It's the "100 boys who cried wolf" effect. I'm glad you didn't die and I feel your pain, but that's why it happens.
That's pretty much how we think down here, though, Dick. When rising seas lead to millions of Pacific Islander and Bangladeshi climate refugees hitting our shores, people will still be denying climate change and calling them liars and national security threats. It's only after the catastrophic bushfires that some people are waking up and even then, maybe not enough, if the "HURR DURR ARSON" is anything to go by. So why should disease outbreaks be any different?
Get fucked cunt.
Having a good voting system is only one part of a good democracy. You also need independent courts/judges, civil rights protections, limits on government power, free press and free speech (at the very least, when it comes to political discussions), free and fair elections, keep corruption somewhat under control etc etc etc... Example: Australia has a good voting system (not shitty FPTP) but is failing in multiple other areas.
Standard practice for illegitimate totalitarian scumbags like the CCP.
It's not gonna be Black Plague II, yeah. And, as long as authorities work hard to contain it, it won't be Spanish Flu II. &gt;The one where a population needle didnt even have a twitch with a "pandemic". I think this came out wrong because it makes you sound like a callous prick. As if new babies somewhere in the world makes up for people tragically dying elsewhere.
He means some species of non-human animal are able to contract and carry this virus, infecting others of their species as well as humans.
In other news, the area of forest that has burned in Australia since October 2019 (our spring-summer) is now more than 3 times the size of your state. It's estimated that perhaps 30% of koalas have died. Koalas are extremely specialised to live in a type of environment (eucalyptus forest) that is very common in Australia, they are able to eat a food that almost nothing else can eat (eucalyptus leaves). They don't need to be smart to survive - they're not like birds or monkeys who need to remember where fruit grows and problem-solve. If humans didn't come along and chop shit down and warm up the earth leading to much worse fires, they'd probably still be doing fine.
Stop trying to justify your sick urges. No, torturers aren't normal people. You're a nut job. "Oh I'm better than a child molestor" No, you're not. What the actual fuck.
That's been my personal observation, as well. Politicians: the pro-life ones are idiots with zero medical knowledge, the pro-choice ones listen to science. Regular folks: generally everyone of all view points get basic shit wrong about human development, and often get angry when corrected because it's such an emotive issue.
&gt;young girls Mate, she was 22 years old, AKA an adult woman. It was absolutely unpresidential, and immoral. But Bill wasn't some pervert or sexual predator. And what they tried to impeach him on, was lying under oath ("I did not have sexual relations with that woman") - not the blowjob itself.
They voted for statehood in 2012, with 78% turnout, and nothing came of it. They also voted for statehood again in 2017 (although, this time with low turnout so it wasn't very legit). &gt;Puerto Rico and it’s citezens You mean, US citizens.
If a guy raises you as his son since you were 4, then he's basically your dad in every way except DNA. Like, you're basically shitting on all stepdads out there. And I don't personally have a horse in this race, because I never met my biological dad, and never had a stepdad. But yeah, don't be an idiot.
Just because you came from humble beginnings, doesn't mean you aren't a piece of shit.
&gt; Catholics tell me all the time Do they really? You seem to have a very negative view of Catholics, why would you willingly hang around lots of people that you so strongly disagree with? I won't say I disagree with your assessment of the church, but your anecdote seems off.
Corruption doesn't necessarily have anything to do with the government. You can have bribery between two private individuals, collusion and anti-competitive behaviour between companies, embezzlement etc etc.
If you hear of a case in or very near your city, then wear a mask and gloves, wash your hands.
If they don't, I don't think I'll buy - even despite all the other new content. JusticeForDracozolt
Gee, what possible bias he could have...
&gt;It's like the Australian battery, it had really good ROI. The battery is in the state of South Australia and yeah it was a great success. So much so that they are [expanding it by 50%](https://www.abc.net.au/news/2019-11-19/sa-big-battery-set-to-get-even-bigger/11716784). Too bad our federal government is full of climate denialist, religious fundamentalist, conspiracy theorist, human-rights-violating, authoritarian, fossil-fuel-supporting fuckwits who bad-mouthed the battery on purely ideological grounds. Imagine the progress we could make if the feds were actually all behind renewables.
That would indeed kill the virus yes. Problem is that burning somebody alive to kill the virus, would also kill the person.
&gt;People hunting as they have traditionally These days they use guns (as any sane person would). So, not the traditional pre-colonial method.
It's one thing to kill a bear that is stalking you, or in your town/yard. If you deliberately go out into the tundra to hunt down a bear to kill it, that's not self defense.
"Living being" Unintentional pun?
The Guardian also has an Australian edition and I think maybe some other countries as well.
Most of America's media is so far to the right that centrists may appear as leftists. We have a similar problem in Australia. Though not quite the same because at least in the US there is large, major media outlets willing to criticise the fuck outta Trump (eg: WaPo) where in Australia that doesn't really exist much.
Somehow I doubt a country with a GDP of only 15 billion (for comparison, Israel's GDP is 360 billion) could afford jets or subs.
I somewhat agree but Palestine could just have both, like North Vietnam had both the NVA and the Viet Cong.
Palestinians don't have the entire Middle East. They have been ignored and rejected by Jordan and Egypt (and Israel). They are stateless. Do you think any muslim can just snap their fingers and get citizenship in any muslim country? The fact that other muslims are living peacefully as citizens of Tunisia or Turkey or Pakistan or Indonesia, has no impact on Palestinians.
At the moment, what they are being offered is not a state. No military, no control over their borders (not even their own customs inspections on their side of the border), no airports or seaports.
... MATE. *Where do you think the Palestinians got the idea of Right of Return????* Israel gives Right of Return to any Jewish person from any country. You can be an American Jew whose family never stepped foot in Israel and you can get Israeli citizenship through Right of Return.
Israel doesn't want a border with Jordan, let alone having half of Jerusalem be Jordanian. Let alone all the settlers who are Israeli citizens will never accept being part of Jordan.
They can unilaterally secede, form a militia and set up a border. At that point it would be up to the UK government whether to send in the army to enforce them to stay, like a colony.
The thing with the UK is that it's not a federation like Germany or the US or Canada, it's a continuation of the English empire with devolved powers generously granted to some regional parliaments by the beneficence of Westminster. The constituent countries aren't even close to equal in population, area, economy, cultural dominance or political power. It's a state dominated by England and the English. So it's natural that it would have an English-centric anthem. And even though God Save the Queen/King isn't an official anthem... come on we all know what's up.
There's a lot of government corruption in Australia. Like, there isn't much "low level" corruption. It's not like third world countries where you bribe a cop or a doctor or a government worker But theres tons of "high level" corruption - among the politicians, and elite class. Um... that said, the comment above yours is referring to federal politicians. Not ACT territory politicians who as far as I know all live in Canberra.
No, Canberra is full of rich educated workers who generally vote Labor and Greens, since those parties look out for workers and pass smart policies like this. The north coast of NSW is where the hippies are. What part of the country are you from, T_D poster?
They should've done it to Walmart instead. Fuck the Waltons.
The black death (yersinia pestis bacterium) actually literally is not a huge issue anymore, due to: * Antibiotics (this is the big one) * Modern quarantine measures * Inherited resistance/immunity * Natural selection towards a less deadly pathogen Although it still exists in parts of (you guessed it) China, as well as Peru, DRC and Madagascar.
Technically we have more people killed by wildlife per capita than America, but not by much. The biggest risk to Australians is, y'know, suicide, heart disease, cancer etc. At least we don't have bears, wolves and mountain lions. Just dingoes and water buffalo.
Even that doesn't really make sense, it you compare it with how long it takes armies to cross it, and the population sizes. But I guess at some point you just have to suspend disbelief.
I've read that the European Colonial/American demand for chattel slaves from Africa, changed the nature of warfare in the dark continent. Where before small factions fought each other for territory and took some slaves as war prizes, now they attacked each other and tore West Africa apart, starting wars specifically with the goal of taking slaves to sell to foreigners. I'm not sure if the Arab and Ottoman slave trades had similar effects in East Africa.
I mean yeah, fuck the looters and violent rioters. Taken by itself, that's a perfectly fine statement that I agree with. To comment *only* on that and not mention the police brutality is a bit weird. I mean obviously the ongoing police brutality where they kill [hundreds of people per year](https://www.washingtonpost.com/graphics/2019/national/police-shootings-2019/) like George Floyd. ...But also the tons of police brutality and misconduct that has been going on during these protests (way to prove protestors right...). ------------- ... But what really does it : later in the Facebook post (presumably after people replied offended) he says ''Ah now I feel better, flushed out some of the prissy boys who were raised to pee sitting down.'' About the least Rock N' Roll thing I've heard all day.
I don't get the reverence many Americans have for their military. It's 2020. America hasn't been invaded since WWII. No soldier alive today ever fought to defend America. Only to attack other countries, or they get stationed in Japan/German etc. Like, of course it's tragic if someone loses their leg, while being hoodwinked by the warmongering government into thinking they are ''serving'' But yeah I don't get the hero worship aspect of it.
Grace and the others aren't stupid. They 100% knew it would cause a backlash. And probably warned the higher ups about what would happen. They also are smart enough to know that often (not always, but often) the best PR move is to shut up.
There is racism in 40K towards ratlings (halflings) and ogryns (ogres) who are are essentially a race or subspecies of humans. There is also the fact that other mutants (Chaos cults, Genestealers and others) are often exterminated. Of course in 40k, sometimes the mutants really *are* a threat. There's always been that element of "maybe the horrible actions of the Imperium are justified sometimes in a horrible galaxy". Certainly, the Imperium has exterminated whole solar systems of humans who didn't share their views. Of course as GW point out, the real world isn't 40K. Minorities are not evil.
Some humans willingly joined the Tau Empire, right? And Rogue Traders sometimes trade with aliens. Of course the former are considered heretic traitors by the Imperium, and the latter are barely tolerated by the Inquisition.
Yeah if I remember there were a few semi-peaceful xenos that were exterminated in the Great Crusade. Maybe the Imperium have made their own bed, to an extent.
It's actually insane because CNN aren't even liberal / left wing. They're like, pro-capitalist, centrist media. But anything to the left of Hitler is "liberal" to these nuts.
Since the early 20th century, right wing Americans have been calling everyone they don't like a communist. It reached a peak in the 1950's when they actually persecuted random people they accused of being communist, for no reason. You would think it would finally end in 1991 when the USSR collapsed and China+Vietnam turned to a state-capitalist model and there was pretty much no real communists left in any sense of the word. But nope. Still happening.
I won't say all Trump supporters are necessarily racist. But there was a subgroup of highly racist Trump-supporting 40k fans who kept making memes comparing Trump to The Emperor of Mankind, and it really disgusted me. Basically idolising him as this hyper-masculine fascist dictator holy man. 40k lorebooks are not meant to be political instruction manuals for the real world.
&gt; That's not to say all Trump supporters are mega racists. But this crowd of Trump fans using the meme, definitely were. These guys were literally using slurs like nigger and such. They were racists.
As we know, Jesus said "fuck the Samaritans because they are a different ethnicity and different religion to us"
&gt;This is literally meaningless. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Leninism https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dictatorship_of_the_proletariat This stuff isn't hard to Google, but I'm going to make it easy and give you the links to read. Knock yourself out. My basic viewpoint is that communism didn't work because it *can't* work. Ie: no true communists existed because they can't exist ... so it's still a criticism of communism. I'm a social democrat. Fuck dictatorships.
&gt;Re-sellers They're scammers, just call them what they are. Even if they have a real console to sell ... by using your pics (rather than pics of their own console) they are scamming the buyer. And that's IF they have a real console.
The 1st Amendment in theory protects the following from government oppression/censorship: * Freedom of speech (including hateful racist bs) * Petitioning the government (aka lobbying, aka asking the government for things) * Freedom of assembly / protest (including the BLM / George Floyd anti-racism protests) * Freedom of the media Of course in reality, no country has totally free speech. Even in the USA, they have laws against: * Inciting violence * Conspiring to commit a crime * Spreading copyrighted / patented / trademarked info (intellectual property laws) * Defamation / libel / slander (telling lies that hurts a person's reputation) * Spreading classified government secrets Additionally, their courts have ruled that free speech applies to organisations (companies, unions, nonprofits) making political donations. Meaning that political donations can't be restricted much. This decision is known as Citizens United. --------------------- I live in Australia, where the government has recently been: * Raiding journalists for reporting on Aussie war crimes in Afghanistan / government plans to spy on us * Persecuting whistleblowers * Secretly arresting and imprisoning people and the media isn't allowed to report on it * Considering banning environmental boycotts We have no equivalent to America's 1st amendment. Our High Court ruled that, since our constitution says we are a representative democracy, then that means we have an *implied* right to free political speech. However this doesn't apply to other kinds of speech. We have hate speech laws, but their are rarely used. And even when they are, the penalties for breaking them are weak. There is still plenty of racism here (although the cops don't kill 1000 people a year like in the US) ***TL;DR: I think on balance ... I'd rather have an Australian 1st Amendment.*** Also the 4th (protection against searches) and 5th (right to silence) would be nice. And something to stop the government from taking away people's citizenship (not necessarily birthright citizenship like they have in the US ... but once it's granted it shouldn't be revoked easily). --------------------------------------- Regarding the 2nd Amendment, It was originally intended to allow regular people to have guns, so that they could form organised paramilitary, so they could defend their local areas against the British / Native Americans / others, until the proper army arrived. Also so that local areas and States could have these kind of militia / paramilitary forces, and the Federal Government wouldn't be the only one with an army. However in the last 200 years some problems have emerged: * Most people with guns have no intention of joining any such organisation. * The US is no longer under any threat whatsoever from outside invaders. Nobody today is "defending" America. * Guns have gotten much more deadly, to the point where one person with an automatic or semi-automatic (or even just a revolver) can kill several people quickly. * The gap in effectiveness between a regular person with a gun vs. professional military has grown. The military nowadays has tanks, kevlar, APCs, artillery, *****drones***** and more. So the average guerrilla with a gun could not hope to defeat a powerful military force on that military's own soil.
/r/changemyview can be OK sometimes. Unless it's changed recently?
In Australia, the protests here are NOT just about America. They are showing solidarity with America, of course. But in Australia we have our own racism issues separate to America. Racism is different in every country/culture and time period. So the protests in Australia are also about drawing attention to the fact that Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islanders (the indigenous people of Australia) are disproportionately likely to die in police custody (something like 20% of police custody deaths) compared to their proportion of the population (around 3.5%). In the 90's there was a Royal Commission into Aboriginal Deaths in Custody. Successive governments have failed to implement its recommendations or take action. There has been more than 400 Indigenous deaths in custody since then, and (correct me if I'm wrong) not a single police officer has been convicted of murder, manslaughter, negligence etc. ------------- Also, other users have touched on this: I bet you weren't aware of the deaths in custody issue in Australia. Because Australia doesn't have the same cultural reach that America does. America has a huge cultural reach. This is especially true for people in other anglo nations like Australia, Canada, UK, NZ, Ireland* All us anglo nations are culturally linked: * Common history * Common language * [Common law](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/English_law#Common_law) * Common values of democracy and freedom * Economic ties Etc. And America is the biggest of us all. *No disrespect to Ireland's celtic culture and history of being oppressed by Britain. But they are essentially an english speaking western democracy + former British controlled. tá brón orm
Great playing but also... really nice backing track!
Whether felons can vote depends on: * The state they are in * What they were convicted of * How long ago it was * Whether it was expunged But it's sadly true and a great injustice that many felons are denied their democratic right to vote. In my country, voting rules are mostly a federal issue not state. And this issue was decided in the 90's. Outside of prison, there is mandatory voting for everyone including people with serious criminal records. Right wing government tried to prevent people in prison from voting, the High Court ruled that they could only prevent voting for people physically in prison serving a long sentence. People for short sentences still get to vote from prison.
Domestically IDK how much better he will be. He at least has a plan for healthcare reform (creating a government owned insurance company to compete with private insurance). I don't think he will embolden racists. So that's good. He might also be more inclined to listen to experts on things like climate change and coronavirus. Again, good. --------- But speaking as a foreigner, he will be *miles* better for the rest of the world because he's not going to burn every single bridge and fuck all of us over with "America first" bs. Like of course every country puts their own interests first. That's always a given. But going out of your way to say fuck you to everyone else for no good reason, even when it hurts your own country too... geez. Not to mention Trump has been worse in terms of drone attacks etc. So even a small reduction to Obama era policies (still awful) would be an improvement.
How red are we talking?
Thanks for the info.
All I see here is a 4-strings ultra-baritone guitar.
&gt;Just look at Troy and what they did with sieges. They're working on it. Troy was done by their studio in Bulgaria. I'm sure they will share tech and stuff with the main studio in the UK but yeah.
https://totalwarwarhammer.gamepedia.com/Naggarond_(faction) https://totalwarwarhammer.gamepedia.com/Naggarond_(province) https://totalwarwarhammer.gamepedia.com/Naggarond_(settlement) https://totalwarwarhammer.gamepedia.com/Naggarond_(disambiguation) https://totalwarwarhammer.gamepedia.com/Naggaroth https://totalwarwarhammer.gamepedia.com/Nagarythe_(faction) https://totalwarwarhammer.gamepedia.com/Nagarythe_(province) And coming in game 3: https://warhammerfantasy.fandom.com/wiki/Zharr-Naggrund
Press almost always get early access to games, and get them for free. Imagine being angry about that lol Do you not want previews and reviews out so you can make a purchase decision?
RIP AND TEAR, UNTIL THE GRUDGE IS SETTLED
Celts spoke a group of related languages. Kind of like how German, English and Swedish are all related. It's likely there was a lot of similar dialects across central Europe and what is now France, but not all Celts could understand all other Celts. I should say speak, because there is still native speakers of Irish and Welsh and Scottish Gaelic around today although they are growing fewer.
&gt;the EU exists since WWII No the EU was only founded in 1993. However its roots go back to the EEC which was founded in the 50s. However still, that wasn't the EU.
I think the latest it can be begin is 1914. The start of WWII and generally thought by historians to mark the end of the "second industrial revolution"
