Director's cut
MATURE CONTENT... *click*
That's *Stanley Cup Champion Oskar Sundqvist* to you, naive!
Look forward to always wondering if you've misspelled his name
Each team has their own processes for hatty hats. Lots let you go find yours if you throw it on the ice!
Fuck
Or they got hit with the ol switcharoo
Make both and report back to us
Yar.
Oh. The Happening
They gots an extra toes
So I gilded the post instead
Username checks and balances
Man I'm not gonna hit you with that heavy shit. I'm alive. Glad you stopped by Ryan. You been to any other first name subs?
No atmosphere in space
Burrito assassin
I want to thank you for behalf of Reddit for getting me into this show
Is it meant to resemble a nude, crucified woman
I was barely awake and should have said a woman in the anatomical position instead of one being crucified. Edit: looking at it again I see both. Probably more of an ink blot revelation of who I am than any commentary on your gf's abilities. Sweet ink either way
I like yours better
Someone mentioned that it would only clear half a mil off the cap
Subscribe
In the NHL? Fuck bud. You're only 37. You can do this.
Sweet potatoes are bangin
Hell yeah brother
And now it is time for Farmir, commander of the Kingsguard... to show...
Is this dahn da strip
Jesus christ this was well timed. You just saved me from certain doom
That is a handsome man. Brooklyn 99 is awesome too
...Petterson?
Why not
What's this about 17 years then?
Edit your comment so he doesn't see it!
The Hearse Song by Harley Poe
Aye
Yurple
So we're just gonna be in here spoutin off with sizeist bigotry now? Ok.
Someone's got an agenda lol
Pens fan. Can't figure out flair on mobile. Playoffs knocked my flair off for some reason. Probably due to the sweep
No love for Queen?!
Probably his dad's favorite song or something
Three horns don't play with longnecks
/r/hydrohomies
Thar be a dog toy we be knowin by the name of Kong
Am I having a stroke
*Black Sheep Wall*
!RemindMe 3 days
Forge The Penis
You did it!
Come on man. You're on this council. At least act like you want to come up with a helpful contribution. I'm sure Euron could get a trained parrot from his brother (Jack Sparrow) thru *his* mute friend to speak for The King's Justice
Life is the true enemy. It kills us all. ^/r/im14andthisisdeep
Maybe it was Bran acting thru him
Ass pennies
This fuckin sub freaks me out
Thanks buddy!
FLY, YOU FUCKS
Doesn't count unless you can stop both ways!
Pittsburgh was Gotham in the film The Dark Knight
Fuck that fucking guy
Obviously he was a big Hines Ward fan
How dare you (I get it 100%)
One of the best parts about Chiclets is how much Whit absolutely loves Bugsy Malone and also hearing about how Whit takes care of all his old friends just like I would if I ever was a millionaire.
[Take one by mouth](https://imgur.com/gallery/TE0Ro)
Does 98 percent of that sub just bitch about plastic?
Lol what. Can I sell mine?!
Me too man!
What about like a gas station sandwich
EEEEDWWWOORD
Well that's fucking ridiculous
You're unable to care for your own body. God damn.
You in the Dub?
If I need laws passed to protect me from fucking tylenol and aspirin, yes absolutely. At what point does personal responsibility ever come into play? I guess some people will need some form of nanny-state to make them feel safe. Do you think people should be bogging down an already overloaded medical system with self treatable 'injuries' like headaches and boo boos? Or should doctors and treatment staff be able to focus on people who actually need their help?
Yeah save that shit for Grandpa Joe's worthless ass
Those are rookie numbers
Fuck I miss Duper
She knows about the drone strikes
She knows about the drone strikes
You just weren't paying attention
That joke sucks
Heb Rakes 🇮🇱
Like Ogres?
Bobby B WHAT THE FUCK IS THIS MADNESS
One guy said: &gt; They did have fire though, Beric could set his sword on fire whenever he wanted just by cutting his hand. They could have eaten Thoros if they got desperate (assuming his body didn't turn to ash, which I don't think the fire they used would have been hot enough to do), and they could melt the snow and drink it. Not that implausible.
Must've been a sick ostrich
At least 4 days
Wbat about the other 12 sexes
NO I DIDN'T
I'm trying to calm down from a fucked up bit of night terrors and this made me laugh. Thanks!
God dammit Clint
Good. Basketball is fucking awful
Yeah you're welcome!
Fuck I love sluts. WE SMOKED IT THA FILTUH RIGHT
I fucking love weed
I love doing this. My one complaint is that they sometimes drag me down talking about how we're murdering the planet. It's a big deal of course but damn I'm just trying to relax and see pretty stuff sometimes
Komodo dragons had me trippin
A bit of a personal tragedy made that untenable. Also, I was sick of the bullshit and aware of the sunk cost fallacy
:)
It's crazy how many of us are moving at or around the same time
HAY
Please enlighten me
Nice.
Yeah and grip your pillow tight
...MELNYK FOR SENATE
Fuck I've been trying to remember that piece of shit's name for weeks
Hi Biz!
This is fantastic because my voice sucks
Yes of course. For the T Bags
God damn Caretaker
God forbid they see a plastic bottle there
It's 98 american degrees here. No
Let's do it!
God I'm immature
Biz and RA are gonna have Sid bombing rails of yowdah
Fuck the local media
Back the fuck up Calgary
PM'd you
Never trust Big Banana
Only macro
In my mouth
Gentlemen Bastards
And a punter and a long snapper and a punt return *specialist* and a
Shut up Garrick
That goal against the Pens he scored after being a mile offside will always get me stirred up in a rage. Even worse, now we have this ridiculous review situation thanks to shit like that
You spelled Chris Kunitz wrong
This is brutal
I have taken control of it.
Dammit I knew better too. Thanks for the correction
It was Kelly let's be real
- *sent from my Integra*
Feed me a stray cat
I read this in the tone of that lady falling off that tall bucket onto her face
Spit on her
TRY GETTING A RESERVATION AT DORSIA NOW YOU BASTARD!
Alright Petey go get that one back buddy
First game of the year Bob, can't hold anything back now
I don't know a fuckin thing about this guy but your comment has me excited
Oh thanks god
More fun this way.
Good for those two! Get that extra money boys!
This is clearly fake news. Water freezes at 32 digrees. Turn in your wavestorm. ^s On the real though, that sounds sick. I love the cold. Say hi to Patric Hörnqvist for me!
If that was a dog he would have shot it
ACAB indeed
I hate my fucking life. Thanks for the support
Oh I fell overr
I'll do it
He would become fire
Paddled out today, it was much colder but got dayum the gloves and hood made a big difference.
Oh thank Thor
WE'RE PLAYING DIVORCED GUYS
No doubt! Idk who downvoted you but I'm still stoked as shit so idgaf
I like your moves
I want to see what Sullivan's face looked like when he did that
Lol kinda weird to see Geno lose the puck like me at stick and puck
&lt;3
That's why I carry *Surf Mace* ^TM
I moved to the beach 2 weeks ago largely for this reason. I'm fully hooked. Better than crack!
I appreciate you for your Angry Ram YouTube channel
Looks like Mavericks
I've two headed a monster. Cause nobody wants to see Malkin no more, it's just Sidney I'm chopped liver.
How does a website burn
Yeah!! Fuck you John!
Right? Like don't fuckin leave me hanging like that. What is she now?!
I like to get blazed a few hours after surfing. Def prefer to keep a clear head for the sesh though. I'm bad enough as it is
This is what I've chosen as the truth
I have the same shirt, I'll try and remember to find out where. Edit: [Here](https://www.500level.com/collections/bryan-rust/products/bryan-rust-t-shirt-pittsburgh-hockey-08)
Double sploosh
Never too old to learn about recoil
The dance-off that was foretold by the ancients
Marketing geniuses
Jodie is everywhere
Why be a king when you can be a god?
Down
I'm absolutely a kook, which is why I asked.
I think Original Q is that wombat that likes to move it move it from Madagascar which coincidentally is where OP once saw Kelly ride a great white out of a giant school of box jellyfish
Maybe he'll have an accident or something
Can confirm, I saw the movie *Philadelphia* ^(on Family Guy)
Well yeah but it's still fun to talk about either way. People are so damn quick to downvote on this sub, Reddit as a whole I guess.
Lol
Or anyone
Hey that kid got a puck from Letang otw into the room there. Cool for him
I'm headed to /r/hockey for the hottest takes
Fuckin 10 ply
I wish
I know they aren't mutually exclusive but I'd rather see Galchenyuk gone
Just thought it might explain your otherwise odd takes on things. Do you buddy.
I enjoy him
Has been
Yew!
Of any sport
Best I've seen here in a long while
What water temp?
Fuck the Flyers
You got this
Does it say something about me or the Yotes that I've never heard of that fuckin guy?
Bob Errey doesn't give a fuck. "When you're 6'6" theres a lot of room between your legs"
Idk if anyone has said this but those Yotes jerseys are fuckin gnarly
Man that wave is a beauty. Way beyond my fuckin kook skill level, but a beauty.
Fringe NHLer can't take a penalty in a tied game like that come onn maaaannn
Obvious comment: NHL officials are dog shit
Tied at 2 in the 2nd period with 2:22 left. Who had the puck?
Porque no los dos?
*cries in abject poverty*
Everyone who kept saying that Bryan Rust should be traded over the summer: identity yourselves and hear your penance
Lol whoever is downvoting every comment I make. [Enjoy this](https://open.spotify.com/track/6eskkmoCBbbA4zfXDSluAg?si=qr0Ul92FRRuNc2nhi-56rg)
Turbo
Fuck the Flyers
YEW!
Jarry's stoke after the winning save just made my week
That is the most xbox live username I've ever seen
Yar!
Thank you for this
Would there be any benefit from this therapy if used to treat DAI? (Diffuse axonal injury) I really want to help my fiancee get better after her brain injury but I am so lost.
Welcome to the suck!
OKI? Fog out there looks dope today.
I wanna fuckin surf. Damn real life obligations
T u r b o
You can shut the fuck up sir
And Olmikeyy!
Dreads
Fuck the Flyers
To shred, you say..
If they can do it to him, they can certainly do it to you.
SONK
Marchand
Fuckin. These fuckin. God damn fuckin. Fuck
Hooray!
That's fucking stupid
Grustzky
Bob Errey loved that shit
Bob Errey
This is the way
Fuck authority
I want a Bob Errey tshirt
It's so weird that I'm a couple months older than him and Sid is still my dad
🤙
Come on Bruce let the man sit down god damn haha
Mearsy knows our creed
Bruce Boudreau is the only coach who looks more thumblike than Trotz
That was certainly a take
Kinda wish there was a Pittsburgh dad Penguins segment
Someone post this video
Sullivan
Roe Jogan
They fucked the same guy
Fuck the Flyers
Tristan "Hey Now" Jarry
If we played Boston 7 times we would win 4. Let's fuckin go
Nice
I hate this music
Omnislash
Almost didn't choose that one since I expected this response
Holy fuck Marino Sr. has that let's run a chainsaw next to my head for a few hours, anything but that sound, accent
Yeah and he's even better at hockey
This ams dildoes
Dude switch feeds fuck that shit
Fuck man. Thank you for your sacrifice.
Bone seems like the best option
Fuck the Flyers
Fuck the Flyers
What happened? Can't watch, hope he's ok
Oh gosh
Did he end up coming back?
"Paddle wide." Felt like such a fucking asshole when I realized what I wasn't doing all along. Sorry bros.
"TELESTRATE ME JAY"
They're used to shooting them first. Especially if there's a dog
RIP NHLstreams :(
Sidney Crosby
Krug fucking grabs onto Tanevs pants *HOLDING* him. Nothing.
Horny: if you're reading this - don't do that
🤙
Ok Geno you can sit for a while. *NARRATOR*: He can't
He has to stay out because of the icing
I am high as fuck and my sister in law is visitng and she has no idea. It's pretty funny. Since you asked.
Roethlisberger has only played in 6 playoff games?!
Hey not to class down the place but... who's still in the NFL playoffs? I know those Bmore cunts got knocked out by I know nothing else
BIG DICK BRYAN RUST AND EVGENI MOTHERFUCKING VLADMIROVICH MALKIN ARE BOTH MY DADS AND THEY ARE EQUALLY NURTURING YET FIRM SO I GROW UP WELL ADJUSTED
Geno fuckin buried a guy
Glad you're alright dude!
Batman too then
Bryan Rust
Let's get 66 more for Mario!
Just let go man
My parents said: "Say waaaahhhh if you don't want a foreskin." Bingo bango bongo
I read Catch 22 nine times before I read the last chapter because I didn't want it to be over. This was spread over years.
Boy he said he's moving somewhere more surfable after SK. Now is you hard of reading or just plain stupid?
Thanks I was just fuckin around with him
It warms my heart to see so many of you in the spirit! Fuck the Flyers.
Bryan Kafka Rust
Rust
Dm
Dm
Oh damn they had the fuckin jam going. [I don't wanna be an asshole anymore](https://youtu.be/TQBG7wAVWAA)by the Menzingers
Reminded me of Geno's fuck you slapper
To be fair, they're also on skates
Peace be the journey
Can no one understand the desire to punch a disgusting Flyers player?
That was on it's way there fuck
Dude all the shoutouts to the music guy there. He's killing it. Now let's kill the fucking Flyers.
Home field advantage
*Steeley McBeam I want to die*
Wait why
He's so cute
Rule 34 in action
What is it like to get so close to greatness
I fucking hate that guy
Subscribe
*Sidney Crosby's jock flexes in the shadows*
Prove it
Moccasins dude. They're awesome. Oh I just noticed you mentioned Uggs. Their moccasins were what I was referring to. Love em. Also love the idea of a dude like me wearing Uggs because it's fucking ridiculous.
Listen to an Audiobook!
I just got off a 13 year t break
Think "Big nose"
They also called it "The Octagon"
No you have to pick a team in the America silly
That's because you're an idiot
Got em!
Bring a gun
Chapstick
Wtf
He wasn't serious guys. ^(Why the fuck am I defending a Bruins fan?)
Bryan Rust
That's when my piss goes left
Cardboard Orpik
This guy trucks
Grief is a motherfucker
Lame
*Strong mans shaking arms meme*
Favesies
I like your color scheme
Would a mini mal be good for this?
Y'all want a Galchenyuk?
Yeah but now that spell is broken forever
Hey man at least we have beaches here. Think of those poor bastards in Montana
Thanks again Birdbros!
The term is "well done"
He'd still be in there... because of the way it takes 3 months for a day to pass on DBZ
The other day I had 6 teammates quit before even landing. This was 3 straight games and for no discernible reason. What's up with all these toxic online players in this game?
Which NC?
Did you try to use the Force on it
What are they asking for it? I paid 250 for my 9'Torq and don't regret it at all. That fuckin thing feels like a kayak haha
And Sid and Geno are never going to retire
No he's sitting at the pointless empty broken wall
To challenge God King Wes McCauley
McDavid can only rotate in even degree increments anyway
Anaheim Ducks - Selanne Arizona Coyotes - Doan Boston Bruins - Charra Buffalo Sabres - Miller Calgary Flames - Iggy Carolina Hurricanes - Jordan Staal Chicago Blackhawks - Hossa Colorado Avalanche - Theo Fleury Columbus Blue Jackets - Jack Johnson Dallas Stars - Zucc Detroit Red Wings - DATSYUK Edmonton Oilers - Wayne Gretzky obviously Florida Panthers - Luongo Los Angeles Kings - Wayne Gretzky obviously Minnesota Wild - Staal Montreal Canadiens - Ken Dryden Nashville Predators - Josi New Jersey Devils - Satan New York Islanders - New York Rangers - Zuccarello Ottawa Senators - Anderson Philadelphia Flyers - man don't fuckin make me do this.... Talbot Pittsburgh Penguins - Bryan Rust San Jose Sharks - Selanne St Louis Blues - Tarasenko Tampa Bay Lightning - Stammer Toronto Maple Leafs - Kapanen Vancouver Canucks - Luongo Vegas Golden Knights - Wild Bill Washington Capitals - Ovechkin Winnipeg Jets - Buff
Jake Guentzel
He's on a roll
He's at best 2nd behind Evgeni Vladmirovich Motherfucking Malkin
Geno is the cutest and your downvotes can't change the truth
Yo look at the crazy gap in her front toes
As opposed to back toes
Danger
Man I was probably about 8/10 pissed before I saw this. Down to about a 5 now. Thanks!
That's Steph dude
Haha you replied with that as soon as I told my wife I might merge sober January with February. Is this a sign
I'm glad to hear he's doing well still!
Don't forget second breakfast
Pavel Datsyuk!
Ummm. I've had one for over a year. I am now afraid
You're god damn right. We do it for free!
Should be the goalie I say
Can't some small amount of things be positive?
Especially if you're black
Damn I was thinking Vancouver
A span of days
They're more like misunderstood dolphins. Also learned this: &gt; Orcas were given the name 'killer whale' by ancient sailors' observations of groups of orcas hunting and preying on larger whale species. They called orcas asesina ballenas, or 'whale killer' – a term that was eventually flipped around to the easier 'killer whale'.
And Germo for Germans, Aussie for Austrians, Banana Bandit for Brazilian, Corkie for Korean (south I think), Romano for Italians. I think we covered them all
Probs better parking at Carolina eh?
Nice colors
No me gusta
Not for all of us, but it seems many. Finally got a fuckin minute to play Smh
I want team deathmatch
I miss the limitless energy of my youth
This sub does an awesome job of making me want a fish
Our little goofball
The scene where Kvothe is about to set that kid on fire would be pretty sweet
Gentlemen Bastards is my 2nd favorite series behind this one, so that's awesome news.
"Pain Don't Hurt"
Those mitts are sick too
That bass line at ~1:25 has me ready to fight a whole pack of cops
Welp. Fuck it! Time I started drinking again.
Great movie
Pack a vest for your jimmy
So much hustle
*"Time endures, but cannot fade all the memories love has made"*
i am so fucking high boys
upvote my dude! do itttttt
pesto salmon is the shiiiit
About 5 years ago (probably more) Evgeni Malkin made a conscious decision to improve his defensive game and the results have been fantastic to watch. It's pretty accepted on here that he is still one of the best in the world, so I pick Geno.
Evgeni Meowkin
Why would anyone want Sully axed? Unless you mean axed as in armed with an axe. Then you have my sword.
Let coaches fight each other
The stoke is real
I stole a bus on base while drunk... younger Mikeyy wasn't too smart
Oskar Limdblom
No worries my friend. There's no way for us to know the name of everyone who suffers all the time. Doesn't change the fact that we actually care.
Rugrats!
I was bummed when they traded him
Except all the main characters not played by Sean Bean
A lot of runners tell ourselves "the first mile is a liar."
Way harder to fuck too
Happy birthday!
*Kazoo noises*
I'm still furious about this game solely because of how they absolutely fucked us with the seeding which lead to Ryan Clark not being able to play due to his sickle cell trait. Fucking bullshit.
It's fer me ma
This kills the child
Rips
Siiiick
I'm so high I noticed the obvious difference of the sticks but made no connection with the goalie position
Someone asked why they see pickups with roof racks. This is why.
That's even more cool.
Hey it's been 3 hours
And my axe!
Interesting. I pictured the Sword tree down in a bit of a valley and the Cthaeh on a hill. What does this mean? Idk
*Mortal Kombat noises*
So they're all playing Ryan Reynolds characters, cool!
Must've had an edited version. Thanks for confirming. I got downvoted for asking lol
No worries. Do you still want to go get ice cream later?
Go slower next time
What is that man up to now? I lost track and I don't want to do any work
I knew that much but wasn't sure how his season was going
Well I think Kvothe clearly feels guilty about the repercussions, not so much the act itself. He laments the war and all who fell within it. At least that's my take.
Bryan Rust
Pooo teen
Fuck Mike Babcock. He doesn't deserve that name!
I daw Jason Megna score his first nhl goal
Mmmm lasagna
It sucks that this is true
*Anakin smiles in the darkness*
Easily my favorite film
Was he a dragon?
Bryan Rust
Mike Green
Its the comment I like to leave at /r/hockey when I want some downvotes
They tend to live in a giant echo chamber too. Foxnews doesn't play any of the bad stuff as far as I know. Edit for you downvoting: fuck fox news.
Bryan Rust
Fuck Tom Wilson
"Yeah, 911? There's a woman in my house that I suspect may have been attempting to rob or harm me and my family. Someone come get this body out of my house before or starts to stink"
Bryan Rust
TWENTY FUCKING THREEE
Best of luck to you in your recovery
That place is almost as bad as whatever the fuck is happening om Snapchat's stories thing
Frame that shit
They look like Archer characters in an awesome way
Hurr durr made me laugh
This almost made me cry. Lost my buddy after 10 short years. He was beautiful.
Bro you gotta try for at least a few waves! Especially if the paddle out was a battle.
It's the best part of surfing
I'm only about 6 months removed from this level, so I understand
SudoKill Booboo
He's going through some stuff right now
Someone could have torn their quad right when you sent that comment
We just figured "fuck it, say some shit to both of us."
Fuck I miss my dog
#BRAZZERS
Just imagine how many more times they've hugged since then
The team I mean. Also fuck the Flyers.
I fucking love MAF and I'll throw hands or hugs over it.
He's the greatest #2 pick of any sport all time and I will back that up with zero statistics.
That's fuckin sketchy
I'm gonna wait and it's gonna be sick. Or we'll all die or society will fall apart or something.
Alright let's fly this fuckin guy to San Diego. Wait. Fuck that you're going to Ireland. Pack your shit!
And Rutherford
The sheer fucking disrespect
How could you leave Bryan Rust off this list
How did the ball get there
Yes. I am sad because &gt;!my flair ruins what I think would be the best team for the joke!&lt;
You guys are all legends. It's so fucking hard just managing my man body. God damn. You're all Audis.
I can't wait to get jury duty. I can almost guarantee that charge is not going to stick. Fuck authority.
Yes
There's going to be an inherent bias just from the location you've chosen to post your question. I think that kind of suggests what you're hoping to hear, which is what you want, which is to surf. Bird in the hand though.
We're all bots
You're a fuckin legend buddy
You can work on skills off ice beforehand! Check out/r/hockeyplayers for some ideas. Bunch of awesome dudes over there.
Hemlock is a fucking beast too
Malfeasance?!
So dumb
And fuck authority while we're at it
(Kingkiller Chronicles reference)
No slapshots from the left circle
Dolphins have super precise control of their dolphin dicks too. They're like hands!
Thank you
Jennifer Greeyyyyy
Is this because the weapon would be ejecting directly into our faces?
Bryan Rust
That was my other guess, thanks mate
Jesus I forgot how it used to be.
Oh god yes
That is sexy as fuck
I fucking love the internet
HE'S THINKING! KILL HIM!
What music was most popular then?
TIL I am a dolphin
Or if it looked really good.
Fuckin leave his spiders out of this
Good. Fuck them and fuck laugh tracks.
I have done way too much calculus lately
Silence yourself before they start investigating other beaches
They called it a mine
Not to mention the canvas right behind it as it all sits on a pyre made of feathers and untreated wood
