Derivative
Lynda Belcher is that you?
Best comedy on tv
Why shave off 2 years then?
Anthropomorphic
More like borophyll
The Mick was great I'm so mad it didn't get picked up
Seems like HBO has a penchant for doing that
AP Bio, the Mick, GoT
How did this get Made, I'm honestly obsessed with this show now.
I absolutely loved this book, hopefully they do it well
He did though
Tegrity
Lol you sound awful insecure to say that as a response.
Kumacho is a comin'
Along with a fuckton of speed
Yep had my phone swiped out of my pocket day 1 two years ago. Definitely gonna be more careful this year.
Ya we had a PE teacher teaching math in 8th grade.
Ya I hate having to rewatch something several times to read the part that makes the joke
Or tinnitus?
BLLEEEEERRRRNNNS!
Your insecurities cause you to defensively believe you're better than others in order to try and reframe your self image as being better than others and therefore don't need to be insecure
And you base that assumption on?
Exactly, this is very suspicious
Found trump
Right? He sounds like he's trying to lose the election in order to skirt blame of all of his mistakes
I TOO, AM SHOCKED AND EXCITED
Lol nice blog
Ohhh got it. Yeah I've heard the jokes about his creepy obsession with her. This makes sense now.
Because you should feel guilty
Absolutely wonderful Also bonus for the pats shirt
I mean maybe "a few trillion" is a bit ambitious but I agree with the sentiment.
Someone should make a trump translator bot. However I'm sure it would crash instantly.
Honestly I'm just hoping he has a stroke first
yOu CaNt TaKe wHaT hE sAyS LiTeRaLlY!!!
Honestly I only use my cable service (costs me less than only having internet service somehow) to watch Colbert. Everything else is stream or torrent. So for me it's like he's the only thing keeping late night alive tbh.
Depends on the Dem. A number aren't taking donations from super pacs.
Hopefully it'll be more like 2018? But considering how it's only *one* candidate and not dozens I can see how that might backfire.
He can't be rabid. He drank so much fucking water during that hearing remember?
Gotta give people the facts
He hasn't been on in months
Nah it's not, this is how mania and narcissism driven decisions have always worked
Lol sure bud
Sofa beds
My entire family plays golf and are all really good at it. I on the other hand will swing at a ball with a driver a thousand times and it'll just sit there mocking me.
Dee I haven't even begun to peak. Because when I finally do, everyone in Philadelphia are gonna *feel* it!"
So? You're acting like he wouldn't block any new bills surrounding election security. The point is he's declared his stance on the issue.
So? Good that we don't forget he's actively trying to make our democracy more vulnerable
Ohhh whataboutism based on misinformation.
Exactly! Thats the same response the prosecutor gave about it. There's no evidence they were involved but the confessions and then someone else confessed. "Well...they still did it..." Is the most fucked example of this justice system.
It's getting attention because of the Netflix series that just came out. The prosecutors are also getting thrashed. Rightfully so. Fuck all of them.
Unless Biden gets the nomination, then we should vote for him.
I mean he def needs to listen to what the voting base really wants. But I'm not about to be part another troll engineered party split.
It does matter if there's a pattern occuring
It definitely is
Idk why you're getting downvoted. You're not wrong.
"Why can't we have straight pride then?!"
To be a dick obviously
bUt ThE lEfT aRe tHe ViOlEnT oNeS!
also Russia helped
Well he represents America to the world anyways. If the world believes he represents democracy that's just silly
Lol not even close
Do these people chew lead paint chips at 30?
Dude wtf was that movie?
Stooping how? What are they doing that makes you put them at the same level as white supremacists?
"but....how does that...nevermind"
Get Schwifty
This is woman #16 I believe to say trump sexually assaulted them. Hes also said he grabs women by the pussy on tape. So what's more likely, they're all lying or Trump is actually a sexual predator. Also don't forget he's old friends with Epstein.
This is woman #16 to come forward though. They must all be lying and not trump right?
Yeah all 16 of the women who've accused pussy grabbing/bragging Epstein buddy Trump of sexual assault in recent years. They must all be lying because he's so honest and moral. /s
16? I thought it was 19 before.
Most women would've been thrilled to have someone like trump show interest in them! /s
Probably because of how the right treats women who stand up to the people their party unconditionally supports.
Probably because of how the other women were treated id imagine.
Lol mk. Even if there was evidence his base would all say it's fake or that the courts are just against trump.
Yeah Im sure the death threats are totally worth that. So you're gonna just disregard any indicators that he is in fact capable of this?
Ya just looked it up, derp
"oh my God.....I get it...."
She's a WOMAN, how is that not an invitation to do whatever I want? /s
So you think she shouldve just kept her mouth shut about it. Good to know where you stand on the subject of rape survivors.
Have you ever received death threats from all over the country, people potentially posting your address online, and being afraid for you and your familys lives? Ya I don't think people would say "ya but I got paid" to that. That's asinine.
I mean let's say both are true. Trump raped her and now she's strategically dropping the story to gain attention for her book regarding sexual assault. Which of those two things do you think is more important? Are they even remotely on the same level?
Ya I read that too. Which either means some weird shit happened while she was lying or the NHL/Hawks monetary or influence power did some scary shadow organization shit. I wouldn't put it passed them.
Bullshit
Probably why so many people choose not to come forward
What?
Lol would you use that rationale to sell a book considering how some people may even post your address and information online? Would you do that? Or do you see how that would be completely insane?
Eric never did? Makes sense
Well that's disgusting
That he almost caused? Wow what a hero.
Considering no one got arrested I'd say freedom of speech isn't being attacked here
Yeah that's what real matters here!
Flying Confederate flag is fine, but kneeling during the anthem is treason! /s
Well maybe not *everyone*
That's a pretty high rate though considering how many traffic stops happen each year
Oh yeah I've seen a similar interaction on a few videos. The level of indignant the officers get is amazing.
Theres literally no one out there you think that maybe shouldn't have access to firearms?
That would probably boost the likelihood of all cops being accustomed to using unnecessary and/or lethal force though....
Ok let's say both are true. Trump, the current president raped her, and she waited to publicly talk about the incident because of its utility in creating book revenue. Which one of those things do you think is more important? Are they even remotely on the same level?
That's asinine.
Black and White butts!
Lol you believed him?
Theyre still trying to push that narrative huh?
OF COURSE
Based on your education from memes I'd imagine. The DoD says it is.
"I think the jury's still out on science"-Gob Bluth
"we're gonna take the coal and we're gonna clean it"-Trump
It usually changes slowly but carbon emissions catalyze that process
The DoD says it is a threat so maybe you're wrong
Lol "disabled people" keep that snowball rolling huh?
Piff-fifer
"misbehaved", so now we use the same word we'd use for a screaming child in a movie as we do for sexual assault?
"just asking" an illegitimate question meant to reframe the scenario so you can argue from a position of bad faith and misinformation
OB-LAWN-GOT-TA!
Remembering movie quotes and doing random animated character voice impressions pretty well.
Btw that's really bad for your kidneys
Taking too much mdma taught me how to do this.
Jesus Christ
Orange fan mad
Is Chapo really leftists or just fringe awfulness? I see plenty of hard right sounding redditors frequenting it. I thought it was just a troll sub before
Lol comparing TD to those garbage subs is pretty much admitting TD was absolute trash and should be scrubbed.
Free speech is just not getting arrested for saying something. Reddit is a private company and can do what it wants. If TD wants a forum where they can say and do whatever without oversight they should make their own.
They can still access it dummy.
Oh I'm aware. Whenever I see "I hate trump but...." followed by trump talking points it's glaringly obvious.
What about the countries with terror hotspots he didnt include? Saudi Arabia and Qatar for instance? Maybe because he and his family get a lot of money from them
I think this is the quote I'm looking for. Although he's said similar things a number of times so this might be another instance of it? ""Saudi Arabia, I get along with all of them. They buy apartments from me. They spend $40 million, $50 million," Trump said during a presidential campaign rally in Alabama in August 2015. "Am I supposed to dislike them? I like them very much." The Saudis also have been renting large portions of Trump's properties in order to gain favor with him. So Trump's response to Kashoggis murder probably wasn't just him taking a diplomatic approach to the issue. He has something to lose. [Heres the link](https://www.cnbc.com/2018/10/16/trump-says-no-financial-interests-in-saudi-arabia-but-makes-money.html) Not sure if youll even care though or if this will make any difference to you.
Yeah if there's even a .0000001% chance an innocent person could be executed that means it's a bad policy to implement.
Trumps admin just thought being as harsh as possible would deter people from immigrating. It didn't work, and now they're stuck in a corner trying to figure out how to get out of this without admitting they did anything wrong.
Very much hoping for some of Dave's friends tbh
Ye Olde Bamboozle
They only support things while they benefit them. Once they see something as suddenly being "against them" they immediately turn on it until it's useful again.
Exactly, they just know it happened in proximity to something with the word Democrat in it. Doesn't matter if their logic isn't solid whatsoever.
"The FBI director is wrong"
"violent" reddit admins quarantining a webpage. The carnage.
Yeah that sounds like a victim complex to me.
Lethargy + panickyness. Oh and ADHD.
Yep they do. One might be a significantly shorter set tho
Lol as if he'd say "yeah I did it" if he had?
"wasn't this story from weeks ago?"
Yeah. Still absolutely insane to continue talking about this dead guy months after hes gone. It's psychotic.
You're still expecting Republicans to play by their own rules?
This isn't offensive to Christian's though. Just to bigots.
" hey man you wanna take another hit of acid?"
Yeah I'm sure joining the military went over well with his psycho of a mother. Couldn't trust he'd be ok in school but being potentially put in mortal danger everyday? I'm sure she was very calm and reasonable about it.
Lol Reddit youre amazing
On the other hand we did just get weed legalized so on that front I'm glad Dems are in control. Illinois Republicans are fucking awful.
Tony Hawk pro skater
Unless their redistricting is specifically meant to decrease voting power of specific groups. That would be unconstitutional and therefore it would be a federal issue.
Same people who said they gave trump a bad mic during the debates and *that's* why we hear him sniffing over and over.
Wasn't he also involved in the Anita Hill travesty?
Kool aid FTFY
"um excuse me, this is a private conversation. It's really rude to eavesdrop"
Exactly
"He's a straight talker" LOL people actually still believe that
He does not rack disciprine! Disciprine come from within.
At first I was like "what kind of weird ass VR is this? I love it"
Yeah how's that no tolerance policy working in doing that?
Lol so because there are other perpetrators then we should do nothing about it? Great logic.
3m votes less than his opponent. So no, that's not why.
"trying to be nice". Yeah except Vietnam was one of the most brutal and horrific wars we've ever been a part of. But yeah, we were being nice by imposing our nations imperialism. We had no business there so your suggestion that we were being kind is fucking ludicrous.
Better how? People still need to buy their drinking water there because their taps arent safe.
Lol interesting your view of "politicians" only reflects democrats. Because Republicans would rather you believe big oil isn't pushing their own narrative that there's nothing wrong (which they've been lying about for decades) because *they* want your money.
Well no we couldn't do that because we originally went in there to assist the French colonies as the Vietnamese tried to kick them out.
Lol
Fastest shell in the west
An apt metaphor
Yes, it's all a massive conspiracy to not win an election.
It's honestly such an absurdly heavy hitter. To open with it is fucking madness
Seems like it would be if all their votes were in nonswing states that generally vote blue anyways. But yeah all those illegal votes that no one ever substantiated. Right.
Mess with the goat, you get the fourns
*Tiffany FTFY
Drugs
Ya we also know what 88 means. And what 14 words you probably have on your wall.
Lol this is too funny. Literally the only example I ever see people come up with. Meanwhile trump supporters are mailing bombs, running people over, and coast guards are plotting to go on murder sprees centered around politicians and journalists. But ya that one guy who shot a congressman forever ago adds up to the same thing.
Where does it say they're left wingers?
They call her and Jared "the geniuses" as a joke at the WH
Successful at what?
Stop cultivating and start harvesting!
I havnt pooped in days
You are *becoming* a chimichanga!
Yep. This is the goal
I probably will vote for Bernie for the primary. But I'll vote for near anyone in the general election to kick out the mango fascist.
Impotence in human form. Just like with his "fire and fury" line with NK. Always call his bluff, that's what the world is realizing with this.
Lol Trump's feelings were hurt from a Twitter post
Trump said it's over so then they have to stop everything right? He said it was over! They'll forget all about it like his supporters will
He can't even spell calculated
Lol and yet trump kept whining that those 3million votes were illegal because his ego wouldn't allow it. Remember that? Why am I being downvoted? I'm right!
You're a democrat and think Obama gave them money that wasn't theirs to begin with? I rather doubt that
What specifically do you have a problem with? Do you even know?
Oh I've listened. He's a terrible bluffer. Whenever he's called out on this type of bullshit he immediately backs down. He's a coward and a bully and that's all he is.
The GOP senators have said they won't even listen to the charges and will just do whatever they can to protect him. That's the real sham.
Tulsi or Bloomberg I guess? Nobody who has a shot of making it that far
You can't remember two things? Wow that says a lot
You don't really believe any of that do you?
Camp Bisco. I was there to see the Biscuits and Bassnectar, not that horrible garbage!
That's not at all what I was doing. I honestly kind of hoped they'd give me a suggestion I could use. I have a lot of friends who are vegetarian and vegan and they all look amazing! So its shitty to not be able to do any of that myself. But their suggestions were all the usual shit that I'm very allergic to (legumes, soy, nuts, cruciferous plants, etc). But after their Trojan horse style shock method I was honestly glad to see them realize they picked the wrong person for this.
This seems like a rather sensitive topic for you. Sorry about that.
Wtf?
I don't even get the joke tho
It will definitely stop the hurting part
I don't think anyone thought that
You've never seen Napoleon Dynamite have you?
Foreskin
He talks about ligers quite a bit
More like Hollyhock
And then space jam came out like 2 years later
"Good enough!"-Wayne
"me trash"-Charlie
Well you seem to have a healthy view of women /s
Ya dudes def in the doghouse if they're still together
There's more videos like this??
Which sounds like it'll escalate further soon..
Good to know. I feel a lot of tiktok trends don't make it out to the rest of the internet the majority of the time.
Yep and with the Iran business he's definitely getting more emboldened to do whatever he wants
I think everyone lost. There's no "winning".
Ohhh and then the GOP says they're doing to to kill terrorists? Where have I seen that before...
They Saudi family owns an entire floor of trump tower that they don't use. So ya they did and are paying him.
Innocent people would typically show that they are innocent rather than just say it over and over
It was self defense for something they did before! /s (also a Fox talking point)
No they did not
That would imply he would be in lock step with trump.
Not for the express benefit of the president's personal finances. That's new.
Except in this case there's a conflict of interest for trump who gets money directly from the Saudi family
Mk but this then makes it objectively not in order to protect our nation's interests as they've argued in the past
The funniest part is that trump supporters actually believe killing one guy and then doing nothing else would stop an imminent terrorist attack. Like well, guess that's it, no more actions necessary.
That's to make it look "natural" though!
Ah thank you
"I want to be scattered around Disneyland. But I do not want to be cremated"
So what you're saying is none of them should be in office? I agree!
I still don't trust this. They can allow the articles, allow the witnesses, and still shoot it down how they planned before. Just a bigger and longer show to make it seem fair before they claim they've exonerated trump.
Those things have nothing to do with each other so yeah
Source?
He needed some cocaine to get going again
His tweets are a disgrace to twitter
That was my thought. Also I immediately assumed he'd get his son killed as soon as it was revealed he had one.
Really doubt he'd be distressed after that tbh. He doesn't look happy.
Ohh this is also possible. He's just in shock at his sons power. I hope this is what happens because I would much rather that than him killing his son which seems like such an obvious way to go.
He honestly mightve been a lot happier with Bob's life than his own (before tegrity that is)
That's horrible, I've lost friends that way and it feels like it'll always hurt
Casper the swoll ghost
And don't get tired presumably
Maury Levy from The Wire
Gerald Broflovski
My thoughts exactly
Even so, him moving his family to Greenwich is concerning af
Me after defeating the first round of the cyber demon in Doom
&gt;as in days or weeks Try 7 months. That's when this was first brought up.
Vegan friendly? Not with the butter it's not...
Right? They should specify
I demand to know how everyone eats everything!
You're under purrrest!
It's what plants (and squirrels) crave!
Because they know for a fact you're interested in it
Middle school PE teachers are the saddest bunch of jackasses ever
That literally has nothing to do with Russian interference. Nice try.
It's just a GOP talking point to try to misrepresent what's happening to push their own agenda
I mean they said it's vegan friendly and also said they use butter
They didn't say that tho. Dude whatever this discussion is so stupid. Bye.
He's too busy focusing on a Twitter cow
Did you read the article?
I never asserted that this was about comparing degrees of power between individuals. Just that a lot of incredibly powerful people were connected to him.
That literally has nothing to do with us though does it?
Forgot the /s
Woosh
Woosh
A niddle?
It's clearly so stupid if you know literally anything about Bernie and his values.
Ya it doesn't seem to track with either of their characters for this to be true. It's upsetting.
So... stalking?
Except they did
The only reason the funds were distributed at all was because of the whistleblower report. So this argument is a red herring
You're honor my client only attempted to rob the bank, so they should be free to go.
The career criminal continues his career of committing crimes?!
Biden couldnt withhold anything though. The VP doesn't have that power. Also I can't see how using your connections to put your son in a position of power in a private industry is at all out of the ordinary. Especially coming from the trump administration which has a laundry list of nepotism examples.
Surely he wasn't just putting himself through this for the sake of making the video!
Because he's like that weasel guy that got set on fire
Lol I love that he also messed up the joke. Should've been "people made *earphones*, what about eye phones?"
He allows them to be their worst selves. That's all they need.
They should both testify then
Nice try
Tomato tomato
This is outstanding. I want to do this now.
Oh dear, another self important killjoy redditor who tries to act like they understand something everyone else doesn't while ironically missing the point entirely
A republican lying about being interested in the truth? Yeah that tracks
Where is Ja?!
Trump is reducing portion sizes. That's against what you're saying.
Yep it's another way to punish the poor
This actually reduces the amount of fruits and vegetables that will be served though
Ok but levels of nutrition are being cut down by serving fewer fruits and vegetables
If you define one fruit as half a cup rather than a full cup...
Remember when they were all up in arms about alleged "secret meetings"? Lol
Don't use HMA. They store your history for as long as they want.
Don't forget he ate a burger with dijon
Nepotism supercedes national security
TD brigadiers are awfully quiet lately
"I honestly just wish you and I would hang out"
Lol as if there are any "real conservatives" anymore
You can't vote so...
They literally don't
It's almost like the whole deep state Qanon stuff was a lie
Love watching Jimmy thrash them
Ya but I love *Jimmy* so that's how I frame it
Cotton candy might be worse
How I would die: Cat gets too close. I sneeze. The end.
Me every year at Camp Bisco?
You sir, are a liar
Harris is out so idk who you're talking about
More like log egg
This just made my whole day
This terrifies me because this seems like exactly the situation my fiance and I are in currently. I cant bear to lose them but now I'm worried were already too far gone and there's nothing I can do to stop it. Then my life will fall apart completely.
I love how the response is "it's not us causing it". Ok but then what are we gonna do about it? "Nothing, just ignore it." Fucking imbeciles.
Is that what you tell yourself when you eat paint chips?
Dude right?! Basically a lot of Italian food
"We have all these trees just sitting there. We should cut them down"
50s refrigerators
It is now
"seriously, every last dollar you have. I know it doesn't make sense, just fucking do it"
Also tell them about what Netflix becomes
*IM THE BEST*-
"Yes your honor we were going to rob a bank but once the police showed up we acted like everything was fine. So what's the crime?"
Oh look you made that up
Thank God we have someone as intelligent, organized, and we'll spoken as Schiff
Lol they got caught, that's why it was released. This is a bullshit talking point. The only reason Ukraine got the aid was because of the whistleblower's report.
Lol as of Trump gives a shit about corruption.
Lol doesn't make Trump's reaction any less childish
Lol that's just as stupid and petty
Lol the president of the United States everybody
This talking point is bullshit. All Republicans are complicit in this. So them being disinterested to the point of not reading the evidence cannot be used as evidence for the case being faulty. They are being obtuse.
Enforce them how?
Everybody tells me
I'm pretty sure my life peaked while I was also in the throws of my mental health being particularly bad :/. Kind of hard to reconcile that.
"It's called hentai, and it's art"-Stanley Probably shouldn't let him handle the pinata stuffing next year
Manhattan is worse
That would take years. That's exactly what Trump would hope to happen.
Straw man. What does any of that have to do with withholding aid from Ukraine?
Doesn't matter what you think, Congress approved the aid. Zelensky essentially was forced to say he received no pressure in order to continue getting accommodations from the US. It's absurd to think that hostage situation of a statement was genuine. There's no other defense that's been given for it other than the statement the leader of a desperate nation gave.
When the only thing you want is a nice Thanksgiving
Agreed but they're only 1/3 of the nation's population so I can see this study still showing these results even if the sample size was far larger
62m isn't even close to 1/3 of the population. It's far less than that. So idk what kind of math you were using to make that claim.
Exactly
"I don't want no gov'ment takin my wealth! " "Jim you make $2,000 a year..." "Venezuela!"
Tobacco is gross. Full stop.
Also bad guys choosing to put their guns down to fist fight someone!
Our DoJ could have investigated him rather than having a foreign government do it if it were actually legitimate
Because he still hasn't gotten one
Popcorn was smokin that malarky
Define "bad shape"...
Ya just look for ingredients with the suffix "-ol" in their names and you'll know what game they're playing
So is trump so whatever
A powerful politician used their connections to put their son in a high position in private industry?! That's unheard of! /S
Nice deflection. Answer the question.
He has no respect for wood!
So you don't believe those saying he did it, and you don't believe him when he says he didn't?
And can we get that Wu Tang album released now?!
Can you blame her?! Look at that floofer!
Lol just because trump says something doesn't make it true
It does not make *sense*!
Told my mom this was bullshit recently and her reaction was "oh well it used to be! People were getting pulled over left and right for all sorts of things back then!" "Ok how many people that you know were pulled over for it? Any at all? Ever? How many actual stories of specific people have you heard of that happening?" "....none"
Nothing you said is true
As if the only person who could benefit is trump? Fucking idiot
Lol they both are. You just only care about Clinton because you're told to
I literally just said they both are. So that doesn't even make sense.
They literally did
Biden isn't a witness
There were witnesses at Clinton's impeachment
Mkay weirdo
Not a real thing
It was started by Republicans but ok
I mean I guess, or the quote is being taken out of context. Which is equally plausible.
Yeah sometimes. Particularly when sound mixing might be kind of muddy and certain dialogue is hard to make out. Otherwise its often because of accents that I cant fully figure out.
ooohh nooo a group that never killed anyone. Theyre clearly the most dangerous group to be worried about /s
Also attack the media because theyre dangerous to our ability to use excessive force! /s
These were peaceful protesters he dispersed for a photo op
Hows that boot taste?
Yes because thats more important than police killing unarmed people for no reason with impunity
Then dont go out there if it requires attacking innocent people who just want change. He's making the decision for that to happen. He did this to get a photo op and doesnt care about the safety of american citizens. He only cares about himself and his image.
Protests are a threat to public safety? Mkay buddy
Connor Betts: actions not found to be politically motivated according to the FBI Spronsen: not antifa Golden dawn *are not* antifa and in fact Antifa has gotten into fights with them before. Frank Magnitz was attacked by unknown individuals for unknown reasons. Claiming they are antifa is a baseless claim. So yeah all of your examples are bullshit.
&gt; Connor Betts: actions not found to be politically motivated by the FBI. &gt;&gt; He was antifa though. That's not the point though. His actions were not associated with antifa. That's a dangerous game to lump in the independent actions of a single person with an entire group that have not condoned those actions. &gt; Spronsen &gt;&gt; He claimed to be antifa and was a leftist. No he specifically said he did not associate with any organization. So he was not actually antifa. In terms of the golden dawn fights we do not know that members of "Antifa" are actually the ones who killed him. There are tons of different anti-fascist groups around the world and there was a large opposition to golden dawn in Greece by a number of groups. More importantly, antifa is such a loosely associated group that using an example from Greece to condemn groups in the US is ridiculous. &gt; They sure looked like antifa members on camera. Lol because they wore dark hoodies? Gtfoh with that nonsense
And if you disagree then he doesn't want you as fans anyways so gtfo
All lives will matter once Black Lives Matter! Saying all lives matter detracts from the dialogue of the kind of mistreatment being faced disproportionately by black people and therefore detracts from the movement to stop it.
Yeah I'll get my inner ear right on that immediately
Regardless there isn't one in Portland
Drama: The Wire Killing Eve Westworld Dead to Me Ozark Comedy: What we do in the shadows Atlanta Rick and Morty Always sunny in Philadelphia Futurama
Oh she gon smash that glass ceiling when she gets older!
Who I am
Yeah Phoenix person kind of foreshadowed that everything they saw might actually happen.
There's only supposed to be *one* memory like that?! I have thousands!
Had kids at my high school eat cicadas during gym class so I wouldn't worry about it.
It's always the crush who sees
Gf's story: "It was the end of senior year of HS and they were playing a video during homeroom of all the superlatives for students in our class. I was given 'Best Couple' with my ex boyfriend who i broke up with because he broke my nose by punching me in the face. The photo they made us take (after we'd broken up) had him down on one knee with a ring box. Once it came on the screen someone in the back shouted 'AWKWARD'! I still cringe about that. Also that ex boyfriend later turned out to be gay so even better."
What did you say?! You can't leave us hanging like that
During my first date with my now wife I had very audible explosive diarrhea RIGHT AFTER SHE GOT TO MY PLACE. She apparently didn't judge because she has a nervous stomach.
*OOF*
Fuck the police.
Back just hurts
Dude for real. I had an eating disorder in high school and *now* Ive gained weight and can't get rid of it. I hate everything.
Also he never set foot in the North America mainland. Just went around the carribean committing genocide and then left.
Primarily because some douchebag writer lied in a book about Columbus he was writing by saying he discovered what would be known as the United States. Which he lied about to make his book more interesting so people would buy it.
That genocidal asshole was an idiot who thought the globe was pear shaped with a nipple on the top so yeah fuck him.
Yep this right here solves it
And he knows for sure the man had a high tech scanner thingy (you know, like all of Antifa has) that he was definitely going to use to black out all police communication. That he can tell you for sure. /s
Yeaaahhh I saw 2049 first on acid (FUCKING INCREDIBLE) then on another acid trip I watched the first and was pretty unnerved by it. Still very cool though. Called into question a lot of concepts of reality and humanity which is very cool when you're tripping. But that abusive scene was fucked up for sure.
Fookin love that film
What do you mean so many versions? I've only seen one and 2049
Just read the wiki on the incident and HOLY FUCK. The guy that shot him wasn't even a trained officer. Just some guy that donated money and they gave him a badge and a gun without training. Then later they tried to falsify his training records! You can't make this shit up people. Seriously fuck Oklahoma! Everything I ever hear coming out of that state is fucking horrible.
Barf
I mean the scene does sort of play into the same philosophical idea I alluded to earlier. When does such an act become repugnant? When does a machine stop being something and start being someone? Why are we repulsed by this scene? Because she resembles a real woman? Or does she actually possess humanity? I agree the scene is horrifying and disgusting particularly because the viewer *does* sense humanity in her. As much as it's troubling it's very fascinating to think about.
That was Breakfast Club for me lol
My drunk ideas usually just involve drinking
Whats the difference with the digital edition?
He said it's gonna rain! Stop resisting!
Hurt - Nine Inch Nails (cover=Johnny Cash)
She had never seen him before....but knew the owner? What?
She herself said it was racist so yeah
I mean he isn't white so idk why you're so upset about it
Nothing about what you just said is relevant. Go away troll.
Freddy Kreuger depending on fear is only from Freddy v Jason which isn't canon iirc
Holy shit
Doomsday v Cthulhu
Scrooge McDuck v Dexter from Dexter's Lab
Your mom
What state is that plate from?
Right? You're not honest, you're cruel.
BEETLEJUICE BEETLEJUICE BEETLEJUICE!!
On his way to the penthouse penthouse
I heard you can piss on the floor there!
Ok but now subpoena him now that the information is available?
"Hold us accountable? Fine then we won't do any work at all!" What a bunch of shitheads
You see nothing wrong with the phrase "colored population"? I can't imagine someone being that ignorant.
Because trump said not to obviously
The protests I went to had everyone wearing masks. Hell I saw tons of people giving out masking and hand sanitizer.
People who are flipping out about having to wear them are fucking weird. Why is this such a big deal to you? "Muh freedoms!"
The protests I went to everyone was wearing a mask so fuck off
So you have no real evidence of that and you're making that up. Cool.
Dishonest? Based on what?
Go try it out and report back
Literally never said or implied that anywhere.
Why isn't Germany blue? Is its GDP just significantly higher than everything in dark blue while still in the 3.9T range?
Because cops would rather murder someone than chase after them
Oooof yep there it is. I withdraw my previous statement. I would like to know how much of that was his idea/decision but that hardly matters. The democratic party of that era were war mongering psychopaths and FDR didn't really see eye to eye with a lot of them.
Smoke more in protest 💨🖕
Hit em with the Founders Breakfast Stout
Yeah that's when you get lawyers involved
Right? Like you guys lost and only lasted 4 years over a century ago. Move on.
Yeah we *totally* wanted these Nazis to be racist /s
Even though it lasted 4 years well over a century ago. Any other group would have moved on a long time ago. It's almost as if there's another reason they're so obsessed with it
Yeah their reactions lately are all the proof needed to show they acknowledge the systemic oppression affecting minorities. They want to keep it that way and now are scared.
Oof I have friends with this issue and it's heartbreaking
Hope you're doing okay :(
The FBI has stated white supremacists pose a huge threat and are highly dangerous so idk what you're basing your conclusions on
How do I get pergnat?
Jfc how do people like this have friends to begin with?
Rules for thee
They weren't surrounding their car. They were in front of it. Try again.
Dude they were lying by saying the car was surrounded and were called out for it. End of story.
There was no one behind them
Lol "small gap". Mkay buddy.
Again, they didn't "surround" the car.
Show me a source of them being "surrounded". I'll wait.
Lol "no u". Good try bud.
Lol "what you're seeing and hearing is not what's happening"
Cool anecdotes bro
Faceless unverifiable strangers especially
Was the statue of a dog? Because my school did that too
I too like salt and vinegar chips
Anyone who doesn't like broccoli is wrong
Yep I avoided it like the plague as a kid because I was told kids think it's gross. Then I ate it and loved it
They just taste like broccoli. What's not to like?
I like coriander when it's in beer (or tastes like it is?)
Why don't you give your balls a tug titfucker?
I'm not saying people did it I'm just correcting you by saying people can do that. And a lot of people have made their own masks but that didn't start right away which is why we were told not to buy them because they needed them for medical professionals...
I really love how at the end of Optimism the album ends with the scratchy sound of a record that's finished playing
Yep checks out
I bet you're fun at parties (if you had friends that is)
&gt; traps There you go
Yeah i believe it’s called the “horseshoe theory”
Fuck that sounds like a much worse version of me on benzos and adderall. Never again.
For real? Like these ones specifically?
Is there a way to tell if the nice is from opiates or ghb? Whenever I see something like that I just assume dope but maybe not
Does it really feel like rolling at certain points or is that misinformation ?
That sounds horrid
So it can still be GHB then. I’ve been told it feels like peak rolling at a certain point.
Does anyone else feel that racists have been getting really active lately? So many of these stories popping up everyday now
I mean that's valid for this specific situation. I was more just grouping this will other absurd behaviors I see people doing while hammered on the internet and stuff.
Doesn't have to be hate filled to be transphobic though. The misogynistic aspect of it I'm unable to comment on because idk the exact reason they decided to ban it. If it was primarily about transphobia then I disagree with you there.
You're not a woman? So you're just speaking for women? Also you're comparing trans people to a disease? For real? Lol wow dude
Ah yes the "he denied it!" Defense from years ago. Classic.
Russia was found to have been interfering in our elections. So wtf are you talking about?
"best he can" and yet he "didn't know" about Russia putting hits on American soldiers. So competent. Very stable genius.
Dude trump uses phrases like "everybody tells me" and "people are saying" all the fucking time. I bet when that happens you're perfectly fine with it.
And nothing happened, so he's doing this shit again.
If it's this kind of a report the intelligence community always assumes it's true until shown otherwise dude.
Russia is putting hits on American soldiers that trump allegedly "didn't know about".
There were people acting as agents for Russia in the campaign. Whether or not trump was proven to be a part of that is irrelevant. People went to jail man. And Russia was shown to have tried to interfere in our elections. That's what matters here. That's why it's not a "hoax". I don't understand why you can't see that.
Its really uncanny how much the two synch up so often
Flynn misleading the FBI about Russian income right as he was trying to regain security clearance. Along with several members of his campaign and inner circle being in constant communication with Russian officials. Thats pretty suspicious and DEFINITELY at least worth an investigation dude. That plus Russia CONCLUSIVELY trying to influence and interfere with our elections is definitely not something that should be ignored.
I really don't care do u?
Just looked at your profile and saw some of the subs you're in. So I think its best if I just end this conversation here. Be well.
Fuckin gary
