That moment when you still see the same stupid meme about vayne and riven in fucking 2018
is there anything like shadowplay/ replay buffer that uses cpu? Shadowplay makes me lag because it uses gpu
na fpp duo/squad, 3 hackers in 500 hours and 1 maybe hacker (or it was just lag, but never seen that kind of lag before). 1,751 and 1,769 rating so idk how people find so many hackers.
Yah, lets punish active players even more. That's good for games.
Then you might be retarded
Bought like 15+ games from g2a. Never had any issues. I mostly buy indie games now and I buy those on steam to support devs, but you bet your ass I'm not giving ea any money.
Idk if this is serious but I'll pretend it is, because I know some people really hate him. This isn't true. I was boosting 5-6 hrs a day from the very first meteos vid on him till past his ID ban. Boosted everywhere from high bronze to mid diamond, there was no difference in trolls. He is also not toxic anymore and hasn't been for a while. Which is why he got unbanned.
You cannot get autobanned for reports iirc.
Except they checked every account he played on, so I think they know if he is toxic or not.
He is not getting his accounts back. Every perm banned player can make a new account, it is allowed. T1 had a special ban where he cannot make accounts.
He is also not toxic anymore. Iwd and incarnation got unbanned just like him in the past.
So every 100k he loses he gets better? that's the point? I mean, many people I talked to said zulrah took them between 10-30 tries to get used to. That's a lot of gold in supplies.
Everyone will tell you a different number. I will say that he started only around 7-9 in his first few streams, then that number grew every day.
I don't see why someone can't complain about low effort comments that would otherwise be ignored but are constantly upvoted because of them being from PR accounts.
They review ID banned players after a year. How is it baffling
That is literally what ID ban is. If you get perm ban you can still make accounts. ID ban is what tyler got. And what jensen and iwd got, 2 players who were both unbanned.
no. They said before that they review after a period of time, and just recently also made a long post about it where it was very specific how ID banned players get unbanned. It's the harshest ban, and if they see you reformed they will unban you.
On steam it usually does
I would argue the only thing that matters in a top 10 is how many hours of enjoyment you got from it. In 2017 I played pubg more than any game, so it's 100% in my top 10, even though I know it has a ton of issues
It was #1 before chinese hackers were a major issue
There are plenty of reasons to like it. But considering the extremes anti pubg circlejerks go to, it feels like they don't understand that millions of people enjoy that game.
Well it was a new game last year, so that's why I would include it and not lol or cs.
New netflix show "the end of the fucking world" has that same kid in it. Really good too.
yea I couldn't figure it out for a while, and I couldn't find the show on imbd either. Don't even remember how I found it.
want to give some examples?
How could it ever have had value
Yes, but draven is pretty trash rn. He has been a 1 trick only champ for a very long time. But that might be because he's probably top 3 hardest champs
Plenty of black comedians joke about white shit. And guess what, it's fucking hilarious
Only valuable to the 5 people that share his useless opinion
If he had a few weird opinions I would consider them, that is not the case. It's 2018 and you're right, retard has been slowly replaced by autistic. Should I use that instead you think?
But I want to drop where people drop
Gl getting that 1.0 kd buddy
Found the neckbeard
Sennheiser has closed ear versions of some of their headphones, they look fine and sound wayyyyyy better than beats.
They are bad in terms of sound quality compared to other headphones in the same price range and lower. If you wear them for looks go ahead, but there are plenty of decent looking headphones that are much higher quality.
I have watched him since the start, and my comment never denied his anger issues.
Can you explain why there is a difference? I took a hardware class last year but I don't remember shit, plus didn't really cover much gpu shit
d5 last season, didn't really play after hitting because it was the account I used to play with friend. 9-1 plat 2. I guess riot wanted me to 10-0 for that p1.
My problem with ad is laning. If your other lanes int you instantly lose all pressure, because it means their top can freely tp, or their mid can easily roam and their jg can be there at the same time. So not only do you have to rely on your support being decent, but on your teams not getting shit stomped. I feel like it's easier to push an advantage in any other role. If supports didn't have as much power in lane then it would be different.
your anecdotal experience is much more relevant than actual facts.
It's reddit, I'm used to it lmao. I knew it would happen when I commented.
are you actually going to claim girls play games as much as guys?
Why not?
You must not play many games.
Just because someone doesn't understand something doesn't make it worth answering/ not self explanatory. The reason I felt it wasn't worth answering properly is because I have never heard a "normie" ask why graphics are bad on purpose. Because even people that don't play video games have generally had some experience playing something like mario/zelda, maybe even shitty phone games that they liked. so even they understand graphics are not everything. Plus, it should be pretty obvious that something that looks nice isn't exactly better. Has he never seen movies or shows that looked great but were otherwise shit? He must have seen at least 1 transformer movie right? I honestly thought the comment was so out there that it was most likely a troll.
Uh nah. Runescape was
Why not blame the fact that he's crazy? I hate reddit vegans as much as anyone, but you can be healthy on the diet if you do it right.
how does this make any sense at all?
This comment is exactly what I meant.
He was referencing /r/im14andthisisdeep
first I have people telling my d5 isn't trash now this
Implying valve didn't sell out to skins
I would 100% watch gladiator fights
This is not a problem mid game. It's a problem early and late
Yea maybe if you know nothing about the game. But you'll fit in on this sub
But there is to gain from wintrading at this point.
It's challenger, they will play plenty of games against each other. Why would they be wintrading when end of season is months away?
The game balance doesn't really matter to the average casual player. Things that are really broken won't be abused in low elo very well. The only real question relevant to low elo players is "are you having fun." Currently, I don't think the game is at all broken enough to where a low elo casual player will answer "no." Different story for high elo, but I don't play anymore so I can't answer for that.
Yea something tells me this kid has never played high elo. The same shit happened back in the day, some retard like metaphor gets a little salty in champ select for whatever reason and you lose. Autofill is just the excuse these toxic shits use.
Doesn't dota have low priority queue?
Riot isn't adding voice chat because they think it's too toxic lmao. In what way is valve doing the same thing? or are you just mad you can't spam nigger in dota?
I live in seattle, you only tip 15 here for garbage service.
Dunkirk was boring.
Out of the recent ones, hacksaw ridge.
Complete bullshit lmao. Could have at least made the story sound legit.
Lets just remove any interaction with other players. What they say offends me, and I also incapable of using the mute buttons.
I don't see how me replying late makes me wrong?
r/comedycemetery
I'm not saying there is anything wrong with enjoying them. Just think it's funny some people can't understand why I personally don't like them.
Why does 1t pray flicking have to do with inferno
Oldfag osrs viewers watched for ice. Newfags watch for shitty reality tv. Rip old ice. Best streamer of all time.
You're trolling if you think all western pros can't get master in korea at least.
I think gates does more than maintain a pr team.
yea, maybe if you learned history from reddit comments.
Used to be a kids game. It was good that they were strict.
Dang good argument
Haha I love facebook memes 2!!!!1! Haha xd
Nice username. Really fits your comment and your support of op.
This is the kind of normie (hate that I can use this unironically) bullshit content I see on facebook. It's all over the site now, at this point there are barely any subs worth browsing because of all the trash.
If we don't get stackable clues then give us bank presets (obviously make it not work with skilling). Imagine how amazing presets would be for farming/birdruns/clues/slayer.
Lmao yea totally.
That's fucking hilarious though.
Just get a job u stupid Venezuela!!!! u ruin my game!!!!!!!!
Valve is so much better than riot it's kind of hilarious.
Then you have never played adc above silver.
I want more pro diversity, especially in the bot lane. But I also want to be able to pick an adc and not get gang raped by bruisers in soloqueue. Currently both are true so I'm fine.
I have about 250 deaths, but I am playing for the first time ever, and I didn't know I know I needed to roll hp on everything. Since I got my queen of the forest and hp rings I have only died twice.
I'm new to the game and currently doing tornado/barrage, however I can barely do t16, it takes like 5 min to kill the boss. What should I be trying to go for to increase my single target damage? What abyss jewels?
I am fluent in russian but can't write, and can barely read. Sometimes I ask russians to write in russian using english alphabet but most don't know how so I struggle to sound out words lmao. Most are cool though, I have gotten a few compliments for attempting to communicate.
Why though
That is a stupid rule
No, I mean the edits.
Nah bullshit, you were probably doing low level temples. At ilvl 82 and 83 I get so many red maps from temple, every time.
You just said you ran an 80, from my experience the difference between even 80 and 82 is pretty big, as well as having the item yield room. Since I have started doing ilvl 82 and 83 temples my red map pool is big enough to where I only do 14-16
Uh oh, someone underage was going to drink. Good thing op stopped her. Pretty sure you can drink with parents permission in many states
staking bots
ENEMY AC-130 ABOVE
I had a shit ton of edibles once with friends, woke up the next morning still kinda high. Got in my car to drive home (like 5 min away) and I kept thinking I was speeding but I was driving 10 under. Wonder why that happens.
Idc about that, the dude was obviously making up random bullshit and I wanted a source.
not an example of "legal" doping the idiot above me was talking about.
This is what I was looking for. But I don't think this 1 example in 1 sport is enough to say it's "very common". The only reason I commented was because it seemed like the guy was just saying random bullshit when he has no idea what he was talking about. Happy to be proven wrong though.
Nah you're just a retard
Except it wasn't serious? I've jokingly said I was going to int many times.
Have you been in a car before?
He didn't exactly have the best upbringing.
It's weird to me that people find it hard to have empathy for someone raised in his situation. That doesn't mean I don't think he should be in jail, I just feel for the dude.
And other pro players said they don't like it. What is your point? Every time a new pro makes a post the comments are exactly the same as yours. Pro players are not perfect, and all have different opinions.
there is a difference in posting that you agree, and posting "HAHA FUCKING RETARRDDDDED ADC MAINS ALWAYS CRYING LOOK AT WHAT THIS DUDE SAID" Exaggerated obviously, but pretty much what it comes down to.
for discussion?
Many different no name players hit rank 1 in korea. Currently, a random aatrox 1 trick is rank 5. Yes, hitting rank 1 in korea means more than other servers, but that doesn't make them good enough to be a pro player. You yourself admit you know nothing because you're plat, then keep talking as if you do. My flair is fnatic btw. I'm European.
so every pro players opinion is fact? interesting.
Yes he is. there are like 100+ pros per each major region.
We should listen to his opinion, just like we should listen to every high level players opinion. Does that mean we treat literally every statement every single on of their opinions as fact? no. That is literally the only problem I have. When bang said he didn't like the meta, everyone started talking about how shit it was. when all those adc pros said that supports were the problem last week, everyone treated that as fact. now, Apdo directly contradicts both of those things, and now they are treated as fact. And there is a difference between redditors says "I agree with this opinion" and comments like the one I replied to which completely dismiss the the opinions of all adcs by saying "Basically all the Reddit analysts aka whiny ADC players who are raging about the changes" just because 1 high level player has a similar opinion to their own. It's funny how everyone tries to twist what I am saying into whatever they want to think I'm saying though.
Justifying his behavior? Tyler fucked loved it, he was laughing his ass off the whole time. Nothing to justify.
Good thing daddy riot saves you from toxicity
It's funny because for years I heard that league has very little strong counterpicks (compared to dota), but now that "whiny adc mains" are complaining about something strong counterpicks suddenly exist for most champs LUL.
You clearly don't watch tyler.
So let me get this straight. Osb sells ips, hacks accounts, pays off jagex and now also manipulates the market?? Osb is to r/2007scape what the jews are to r/conspiracy.
Reread my comment.
How retarded do you have to be to think lolis will cause child molestation LUL
This reads as sarcastic but you are serious.
Low risk? Getting caught would mean losing their entire buisness. Meanwhile they gain what? Some rsgp? You have to be trolling lmaooo
I agree with you
The comment is retarded but this can be true in cases. I would probably rather die in war than live through the death of my brother, father and friends at the same time. But I just want to die in general so that might be why
Oh yea I agree. I just think it's also unfair to pretend women don't suffer in war. Clinton was wrong, but she probably meant something more like what I said.
A few weeks?
Lmao yea, that fixes it.
Oh so it's like bitcoin but it took 100+ years when bitcoin only needed a few months
Is this sub finally becoming self aware?
This language is very common among trump supporters from what I have seen. E: for proof, go to ice poseidon or the donald subs and read the titles.
How am I obsessed? what? go to r/t_d and the ice sub, exact same language in the title.
Internationally as in the last tourny or overall? Because doublelift hasn't even outperformed sneaky overall LUL.
This shit pissed me off the first time I saw it. If I drove around and threw rocks at people I would be the one responsible. but they somehow aren't? Realized pretty quickly it's bullshit.
He has done well at 1 international event since ipl5, and he still didn't get out of groups. Don't see how you could unironically rate him as best in the west when he is mostly trash outside of NA.
He isn't even top 3 until he does something at worlds.
Any time you see really bad/negative/stupid comments that aren't from -100 karma accounts they are pretty much always from ice/the donald/2007scape posters. Really sad that runescape community has so many toxic people, I love that game.
If you unironically believe that over half of osrs players are bots you are delusional.
Not really. The only "winning" in osrs is highscores, and bonds don't affect it at all. Earning money is 0 time for all players competing because they use alts to earn money. Buying bonds would just be throwing away money.
Nah, flaming hot ruffles
He is extremely annoying. Ruined the warcraft run for me completely.
Csgo has no bloom.
Which is not what happened. so...
At least rot is actually skilled, lit wins because they are literally 75% of the server.
Why is his black wife relevant to understanding social issues that minorities face?
Show me examples of conservative opinions being banned in r/politics
Yea that is the claim I made. I used strong words like "probably" and "relevant" Fuck off please
There are about 50 tools for showing removed comments, you can also show your ban message.
Go ahead buddy, hit me with them
I'm in it for the tech! It's not a get rich quick scam! Yea I lost 50k, but the tech? 22500k by 2020! Guys, stop treating it as an investment. 75% down??? Black Friday sale!! The banks are manipulating the market!!
So including an LGBTQ character is always a negative to you then? Hmmm really makes you think.
Don't care enough to respond. https://www.reddit.com/r/DebateAVegan/comments/7seqrn/why_does_everyone_hate_peta/dtes1g3 Feel free to read that and the links it shows if you care enough to actually have an informed opinion on the situation.
It doesn't
idk
The fact that you think adding LGBTQ characters to media is some sort of lefty agenda is the problem buddy. Stick to MDE and Cringeanarachy please.
This is your brain on the donald
If you browse the donald you're a fucking moron who should be lobotomized
You sound like you have dementia
Did you say this about skillers in the wintertodt post?
This flat earth twitter account is a joke right? They aren't serious are they?
Oh, now I see why /r/h3h3productions is tagged on masstagger
I don't think very many people are complaining about what the sub is tbh. Anyway, a large part of his stream is debating random morons while chat circlejerks about how much of a moron they are. The same things happens in the subreddit, just without destiny and on a more broad scale than just 1 moron. Why should it be any different?
All the comments on the post are neutral or positive. Fucking kill me
I mean I would do it just so Jp and ben shapiro got the wall at this point
Fuck I forgot how much I hate this dumbass
His "opinions" on this are directly relevant to his fucking job.
I posted about it because I saw it on r/all (forgot to block it) and noticed that all the top posts were literally just antisjw shit. Idk why everyone else is doing it.
Being a socdem means you're pretending that you're poor? What?
Is there a source on that?
I mean if he only watched the death note vids and didn't look at description I doubt he is linking a nazi on purpose. I don't think he would have understood the reference to the nazi rally
Can you please explain how hating what Israel does to Palestine at all relates to being anti-semetic?
man you guys argue in dumbass subs too much, There are like 6 people in this thread tagged on masstagger. Don't blame you though, it can be pretty fun.
Why would she ditch twitch? She has decent viewership and has over 2.5k subs? That's pretty crazy money to throw away.
It was the description of the fucking video that he recommended by name.
&gt;The truth about why this took so long is because I thought it was so funny to call Black L "Niglet" throughout all my recordings (obviously because it's an ingenious pun on Lawliet [pronounced Law-let]). I eventually got it through my thick fucking skull that YouTube's looking for A N Y reason, so I redid all the audio to erase my speech crime, but then I got bored and put the project on pause. Now I'm going to finish it. He has said he would stay away from offensive jokes. Even if you want to pretend this obvious racism is just a funny joke then he should not have recommended it. On top of that, that video had a reference to the women that got kill by the nazi at the rally, although tbf I doubt pewdiepie knows that one.
&gt;life for first-degree murder; 70 years for each of five counts of aggravated malicious wounding; 20 years for each of three counts of malicious wounding; and nine years for leaving the scene of a fatal crash. So, a Nazi rammed his car into a group of people, killing 1 and injuring others. He got convicted of first degree murder. Can you please explain to me how "the woman that got killed by the nazi at the rally" is not accurate?
&gt; On top of that, that video had a reference to the women that got kill by the nazi at the rally, although tbf I doubt pewdiepie knows that one &gt;I'm not saying pewdiepie is an antisemite that's trying to lowkey grow a nazis channel by recommending a video he did. This is what I said. Want to stop lying?
Yea, teens make up stories about cardboard boxers all the time, have you even worked at a restaurant you fucking 12 year old?
Eh, after he explained in on stream it's not actually as bad as it sounds. I still disagree with him, but I see what he is saying too.
Why are you recommending this to me
I yelled at my mom and she cut my dick off, but I instigated so I deserve it :(
Joking????
Aren't most of the poorest and worst educated states republican?
How the fuck is he right lmao
Because people love his champs
Yea, why can't people protest in a way that I can completely ignore them? So annoying smh
I was doing self cast arc for the start of the league (while I saved for poets pens) and even I was able to syndicate on red tier maps, as long as rolls weren't too crazy
Self cast arc is one of the strongest builds in the game? Really?
Plus, banning hate subs is literally proven to work
Ye
What did you think was incorrect in this video?
https://youtu.be/DzRGBAUz5mA 2:28ish, can't link time on phone. Facts don't care about your feelings kid
Fight me
Uber kill with 4.5+ ex watchers eye and lvl 86 base shaper scepter. 2 minutes before dc E: didn't reset
I'm so nervous rn
I did not, I was price checking the scepter LMAO
Does server always roll back?
I'm pretty new, so I didn't know that hideout/stash was safe. thanks for the tip though
It's safe!
Wtf? I've killed like 10-15 (not sure) and gotten at least 5. As well as some 1+ex bases. You're very unlucky.
No. And the uber elder fight isn't really a buffed elder or anything. Pretty sure it's just red elder and shaper together.
How would an auction house be bad for the economy?
Eh, you don't need defenses really. I duo with my friend and he has done multiple deathless kills on 4.9k hp and no other defenses.
Nia is turning him into an sjw slowly. It makes me so fucking hard when bill brings her on the podcast, not only because she is fucking hilarious, but also because all of his incel fans get so fucking triggered E: holy shit these comments are fucked
he won't ever respond btw
It's getting better. I mean, look at this thread.
Ah ok, typical meaningless nofap answer
If you're not addicted to it then it's completely fine buddy
Same shit happens on the path of exile sub. "I've been playing for 1.1k hours and I finally beat shaper! have no friends wanted to share!" and then all the comments are like "I have 10k hours and I have not even gotten to shaper!" Sad part is, shaper is way easier than jad
Ah yes, caring about a massive social issue makes you a self hating white women. This is one of my favorite lines out of the conservative npc handbook
Most players play sc, so yes I meant that. For HC it's far harder for sure, just because of the massive pressure.
It's so fucking hard to ignore though.
I'm close with my brother in law and he is very conservative, but we don't talk about politics. Same with sisters.
I am making a ton of money selling maps I get from beaches. Takes a while but gives me a break to watch something
He literally does it for the full 5 hours every single podcast. it's not like this was a one time thing that he did. It got annoying over time
Was that sarcastic or what? I couldn't tell if he was referencing whoever said that or he was serious.
Who?
Who?
Every lefty convo either ends up with them agreeing or making claims they can't defend with empirical evidence so the convo just ends.
This is absolutely amazing.
If someone says steal and someone type trihard that is literally racist by any definition of the word racist.
You're such a piece of shit it's insane. The fact that you got upvoted for literally teleporting the goal posts to a different dimension is fucking crazy. Reddit really fucking hates women.
https://www.reddit.com/r/trashy/comments/bvkqzd/imagine_youre_going_to_court_for_an_assault_case/epqmnpv Comments like this are all over the thread. I thought conservatives were against cancel culture?
I don't think anyone accused her of anything.
If a male rapper came out and said that when he was poor he committed crimes to get by then literally no one in the world would give a shit. Drugging is hardly worse than robbing/stabbing people.
https://www.reddit.com/r/ShittyLifeProTips/comments/bid7ko/z/em0nx1k Hey, that was easy. Nice try buddy, your gotchas need some work
Lmaooooo
Give me proof that she admitted to raping them please
oh fuck totally destroyed me
Sure, but blatantly lying/making shit up to make him look bad is not productive? For example, he isn't anti worker. He supports redistribution and believes in more workers rights/protections etc. Meanwhile, this whole thread (and the other 2) is acting like he is a billionaire CEO paying his workers $5 an hour, while raping 19 YO girls he imported from NZ.
Most aren't LARPers
Did you respond to the wrong person? He's not a landlord tho.
1. "left" in America describes socdems, and I guess technically neolibs as well. Destiny is an American streamers and this sub mostly talks about American issues, it's more than fair for me to use it in that way. 2. Even if we ignore that, a capitalist constantly exposing issues in capitalism is doing something for the left. There is a reason that Destiny has an almost 50% lefty viewership. A better example, your parents that you are leeching off are probably capitalist. That is an example of a capitalist doing something for the left.
https://www.reddit.com/r/ChapoTrapHouse/comments/bvxg55/destiny_just_annihilated_another_leftie/ept6eqx/ https://www.reddit.com/r/ChapoTrapHouse/comments/bvxg55/destiny_just_annihilated_another_leftie/eptc5yk/ https://www.reddit.com/r/ChapoTrapHouse/comments/bvxg55/destiny_just_annihilated_another_leftie/eptcy53/ https://www.reddit.com/r/ChapoTrapHouse/comments/bvxg55/destiny_just_annihilated_another_leftie/eptyopa/ https://www.reddit.com/r/ChapoTrapHouse/comments/bvxg55/destiny_just_annihilated_another_leftie/eptimfd/ https://www.reddit.com/r/ChapoTrapHouse/comments/bvxg55/destiny_just_annihilated_another_leftie/eptaxg2/ https://www.reddit.com/r/ChapoTrapHouse/comments/bvxg55/destiny_just_annihilated_another_leftie/eptoce5/ https://www.reddit.com/r/ChapoTrapHouse/comments/bvxg55/destiny_just_annihilated_another_leftie/eptdma8/ Yes guys chapo is just sarcastic, they aren't just pieces of shit blatantly lying to make destiny look bad.
Hasan is popular because of his talks with Destiny, and his connection to Destiny got him invites to rajj show (20-40k viewers) and trainwrecks (10-20k viewers). Destiny and his community is fully responsible for making Hasan (on twitch).
Wait are Chapocels now denying how language works? Are you the person crying on reddit about how "literally" isn't used right anymore?
In America, our "left" (aka democrats) includes neoliberals, socdems and the very few amount of lefties that we have. it would be beyond fucking stupid to refer to like 5% of the population as "the left" and everyone else as right.
Wow what an EPIC own my guy.
fair enough, can't really disagree
Hasan is a normie that doesn't understand that something that counts as serious harassment in real life is considered normal on the internet
Aka most of the Republican party
Gender isn't related to science in any way, but ok
No, it's just a fact. Republicans are climate change deniers though, and many even deny basic stuff like evolution so there is that
Trump has a 40% approval rating, meaning most republicans support him
That is how you tackle the core concept of the argument? how the fuck else do you do it
I would be a lot more confident if biden wasn't running
What?
TIL philosophy is science
what is an easier way of pointing out inconsistencies than using analogies?
2/7 is bad, but on a champ like draven it's generally more common than on most.
This is such a naive way of thinking. Look up libertarianism, you'll love it.
&gt; Because we humans put animals and organisms in tiers of importance based on the perceived level of consciousness of those things. why
This but unironically
Wow. Typical leftist using his mod powers to win argument. Pathetic
The editors were probably told to do old content reuploads because most people on youtube want 10 minute summaries, not 3 hour debates.
see you say all that, but I was banned for 69 days. Is that not violence against my free speech?
Can you link a guide I can use for this? Pretty new
Ok thanks
He literally sells a shirt that says socialism is for fags. If you think "lispy queer" and "fag" are creative insults then you must be 14.
You're so obviously uninformed based on this comment that it's hilarious.
And he argues with liberals constantly because?
Destiny is not hard left in any measurable way, and has spent the last 3 weeks yelling at and debsting far left people. He is a hardcore capitalist Destiny and sargon have had like 4 debates.
?
He's unironically doing the "games are oppressed" meme Literally nobody cares that you game, except old people and people obsessed with traditional sports. And even those don't care unless you're talking about esports. It's 2019. Gaming has been mainstream for a long time. This isn't 2005 with people attempting to hide their anime/wow/runescape addictions.
Masstagger
Everything you described is only being fought for on the dem side. Even if you don't agree with socdems like warren and bernie you should easily be able to find a candidate from the dems that care about the environment and wants money out of politics. Instead, you are a typical reddiit enlightened centrist, who claims that both sides are bad even though your own stated goals only align with one side.
If you get autobanned you can link them your comment and they will unban you. I've been banned many times for stuff like that. Masstagger gives people a flair that you can click on, which links to every comment they made in that sub.
Meh, her woke tweets just show how much of an uncle tom she is
r/enlightenedcentrism
Imagine implying standard EU policy is something adults can't take serious. Polls had, and still have, him winning against trump. The only thing that stands in the way is dumbfuck establishment dems voting for joe Biden.
What
Ah yes. Destiny is very authoritarian
Destiny is not interesting to watch while he plays games unless he is talking to someone.
The only people that say gay/POC characters are forced are people who believe POC/LGBT people need justification to be in something. You're a normal person, ignore these morons.
So brave
My friend is getting this exact bug, and I have seen no one else post about it. Everyone is getting the bug from shaper bosses, he gets it from just playing a regular map. Are you berserker by any chance?
So a 2 year ban is reasonable even though his account was already banned, so he literally can't do it again. Good one buddy. You're also ignoring the fact that there multiple streamers being indirectly punished. Trihex, rajj, train and everyone that goes on their shows is being affected by this, and they don't have to be. Clips that he doesn't participate in should absolutely not be removed. There is 0 argument against this. Also, lets pretend they aren't biased. They soft banned his content already, with no vote or reason.
yes?
Because tarzan is extremely toxic and tfblade isn't.
My favorite right wing memes are when they copy paste their 10k words of "research" and shitty links about whatever conspiracy theory that is being talked about. Tbf r/politics people do it too, but at least they have real links usually.
I think most people would agree that that might be too much, but train literally doesn't game at all, and the controversy is specifically around him doing it for 3 hrs+ at a time. Qxc has never really done it enough for people to complain. People are also biased against train, but I think we can agree that's pretty justified.
Torthur is a cancerous, self described white nationalist who only cares about his own guild. Anyone who is in ego will tell you that he is a piece of shit. I have literally not met a single person, outside of his "like minded" Ironborn morons, who says they like him. Hopefully ego completely collapses so he can go back to being irrelevant.
https://www.reddit.com/r/albiononline/comments/6tdb6l/nazis_in_albion/dlkbknk/ you didn't look very hard
Torthur is a self described white nationalist who said he is recruiting like minded individuals. https://www.reddit.com/r/albiononline/comments/6tdb6l/nazis_in_albion/dlkbknk/
Love the vids, would you mind showing the loot from huge kills like the blue army guy? always fun to see
Fuck depression
Me complaining about posts in a game sub 1 time is what you consider bitter? Interesting
Unpopular opinion is as bad if not worse than frenworld. Their propoganda regularly gets 20k+ upvotes.
&gt;that don't care about politics or drama &gt;must be able to take criticism well Ahh so you're an extremely cancerous guild that will fuck over anyone who doesn't do exactly what you say.
So easy to tell when someone is a trump supporter
I thought that martin was actually wrong in the point that he defended or something, it was about treating autism with pills? don't remember tbh.
He is absolutly a climate change denier. He has tweeted it many times, going as far as to retweet a prageru anti climate change propoganda video. Also denying humans are responsible is as bad as denying it fully. 97% climate scientists believe it, so should you.
This but unironically
2 ravens, good cc, fast mounts, poison, having like 5+ people and spreading around them as much as possible. Same as any other mount really, you just have to burn the cc resist
Might not go onto train anymore because of this. I wouldn't mind that, not a big fan.
Scripters are and always have been rare. I can count the number of scripters I have met on 1 hand, and I've been playing in dia+ for years.
Just because it doesn't matter doesn't mean it isn't embarrassing. EU are the ones bringing out random weird shit/subs anyway. At least NA would have had some sort of excuse if they did weird shit.
The sjws are behind this, I can feel it
Just because you practice certain niche/weird picks doesn't mean that putting them all together in 1 game isn't trolling.
People were trying to argue he played well first game, reality is he was playing j4 on a stomping team. He got exposed hard when he had to play a real champ and his team wasn't hard carrying
Because j4 is very easy to play in comparison to reksai, and it's way easier to be useful on j4. As long as a lane doesn't have flash you can pretty much get a kill by pressing R.
Fnc played very poorly that game in general, but i dom't think they would have lost with broxah.
Turn your brain on, they don't even play him in lec
2v2 shit is so boring. Why not do urf or other gamemodes? Or 10v10 or something.
Peterson, shapiro and especially pragerU should all be censored
Is this a new gab?
Aria makes more money than he does.
Dude go see a therapist. I started getting insane panic attacks like 3 months ago due to interview stuff, like to the point where I couldn't sleep, eat or enjoy anything. I finally went to the therapist and after a few sessions she diagnosed me with adhd. I was just prescribed adderall and it's seriously life changing. I still need to find the correct dose and stuff but seriously I would 100% do it. It's really sad to look back and realize how kuch more successfull I would have been already if I was diagnosed earlier, and how much easier life would be. You won't regret going. Gl my dude &lt;3
This comment is beyond bullshit. One of my close friends stopped using adderall for his adhd because it essentially turned him into a zombie. I was diagnosed just a few months ago, and adderall stopped my panic attacks and calms me down to the point that I can sit still, something that is normally hard for me. It also stops my thoughts from racing, which is probably why it stops my panic attacks. Maybe this is a massive coincidence. Or maybe stimulants affect people with adhd differently. I wonder which one is backed by years of medical research and which one isn't. Hmm
Weed was a big contributor for my panic attacks
The irony of him of all people claiming people shouldn't use their platforms for politics lmao.
Everyone said emmia was an awful person and she needs to be canceled. He said no. He did not plan on fucking her, and they have not fucked. She remains uncanceled because she is fine. Train is constantly saying fucked up sexist shit. Multiple twitch streamers he still hangs out with have also done that. Explain these things if his only motivation to give people chances is to get his dick wet.
People wanted emmia canceled more than aria nina lmao, emmia hate threads were fucking daily.
I multimodded because it's pretty much the best spell damage elder ring I can get. I don't need assassins or ele weakness on it. I wanted flat lighting, but shaper+ elder ring combo does not work for mark of the shaper. Thanks for the response tho, i have another that is the same but without melee damage so i'll try for that amount
I heard he is 4' 3" E: this dude has a post saying white quarterbacks are better than black quarterbacks, imagine being this pathetic lmaoo
I have never met anyone using Xe/xim, can you explain them to me? Genuine question, I always do my best to refer to people in the way they prefer.
What does that have anything to with my comment?
Fast clearing good scaling starter build, farm t16s. You will very easily have 50+ ex 2 weeks in.
I'm doing phys converted to cold flicker strike, is paradoxica better than a typical multimod 450 dps jewel?
Do you mean flat damage on my weapon, or flat damage to attacks mods?
I don't have many jewel slots, would it be good to reformat my tree to get jewel slots and get paradoxica? I have never done phys, melee or conversion so this is hard for me, I appreciate the help.
I don't have many jewel slots, would it be good to reformat my tree to get jewel slots and get paradoxica? I have never done phys, melee or conversion so this is hard for me, I appreciate the help.
If you are taking 2 hrs to kill boss this league you are on a bad build. Because then it takes you 4 hours for metanorph. So much more important than ever to have strong single target.
I think they mentioned something about it being on Tuesday this week or something? Maybe someone will know more but I'm pretty sure they either said they needed a different time or a different day last week.
https://www.pathofexile.com/account/view-profile/Mrka12/characters Not sure how to link a specific one, it's the trickster. not sure why it matters? Anyway, you didn't address either of my points.
You have not provided a single argument for why automated currency/div/fossil/map trading would be bad for the game all you have said is that wow dungeon finder is bad, but have not shown in any way how it compares to what I have stated. Simply saying "chris doesn't want it" is also not an argument. GGG makes massive design mistakes all the time. I love them because they usually fix them, but they still make the mistakes. Again,explain how trading div cards or scarabs or maps 1 at a time is beneficial for the game, how will an auction house for those items make the game worse.
If your game is not fun for people they will not play. If you limit player options and force them to play the game in a way they do not want to they will not play. Forcing people to spend time doing something they do not want to do will not make more money for GGG. GGG could install a 2 minute timer before every map where you could not move, but that would not mean people would play longer. That is the argument you are using. Trading in this game is a timer you add on before every fun activity. If person 1 spends 5 hours buying scarabs/chisels/vaals/fragments/maps etc and 5 hours mapping, they aren't more likely to spend money on microtransactions than someone who spent only 1 hour buying resources and 5 hours mapping. Maybe if this was a subscription your argument would somewhat stand, but instead you're just making more and somehow worse arguments.
You can't just take the "long route" because target farming in POE either revolves still using the trade, or takes 1000x as long. For example, if you want to get a ton of fossils to craft without trade, you still need to get scarabs/niko missions for the sulphite. To go from maps to enough sulphite to enough of a specific set of fossils would takes you 10s of hours, instead of just a few hours dealing with the awful trade. There has to be something really wrong with you to choose to take 10s of hours to do something, when you could instead take a few. A player who is forced into the "long route" instead of simply being able to do what he wants will not play longer. they will just quit. On top of that, an arbitrary timer is exactly what you described. An annoying useless timegate to content that you want to do.
Even if you don't call it racism, saying "why do these koreans keep lowballing and scamming" is clearly extremely fucking rude to any korean players that might want to join your server. It's kind of weird when people defend these kind of shitty statements with "well technically it's not racism"
True, thats why I don't get why black people get upset at the n word. Like, why should they care if someone with the same skin as them is called the n word? I don't even get it.
And going the opposite way is just as cringe.
Multiple for sure.
If you play a lot you should be able to afford a build that can not die and still do dps. I have like 10m+ shaper dps, and I am doing awakener 8 vaaled t16s with unique watchstones on a melee build and I have died 1 time since I completed my defenses
3% more dps from 1 mod on 1 item is very relevant when you consider how many mods and items you have. Once you get to late game you need to squeeze as many stats as possible from every single item.
A paradoxica that is 5.4% more dps for me than mine costs 21 ex more. You better believe I'm going for that as soon as I can. Late game upgrades are insanely expensive.
Why not make a strawpoll
Plus, t1 res is almost never bad unless there is a very important suffix. Remember, you need resists somewhere. I'm currently using a build that has no resists on rings, ammy, chest or gloves. A previous version also had no res helm and 1 t2 rest boots. It has really made me realize how important those random t1 res can be.
Why doesn't this happen in runescape?
Sure and they would technically be correct, but only because their own position is wrong. When my sisters friends tell me about vaccines being bad they probably think the same thing. When my random relatives talk to me about christianity they probably feel the same way.
You can only buy for the cheapest price but you can sell at any price. The algorithm exists as a guide, but you can sell for any cost. You also have a limit on how many items you can buy per account. Nothing says these things cannot be done in POE
Why not make it so you can't access auction house without a $10 tab? That way it would actually be more expensive to make accounts than in runescape?
Use poeapp. Literally never had it go down, yet not one talks about it. E:why is this downvoted lmao
There are only 3 t16 maps, and summit is super open so it's decent for legion. Promenade would probably be better maybe, idk
What? How? You literally can't list things without premium tabs, and you can't play the game at all without at least map and currency tabs which are like $10 ea iirc. Realistically most people spend $40+ on tabs. Late game people spend even more.
You always have 1/3 of getting summit, promenade or carcass because they are the only naturally t16 maps.
You can only have 2 corrupts max on those gloves, using temple.
You can trade without auction then, seems fine to me.
It's literally an auto banned word. It has been for over a year. I don't use the discord, I only use chat where it is also against the rules to use slurs. I went into the discord to ask them if it was auto banned by the bot, because I remember when the new rules were being made on discord on stream. They confirmed that using slurs is auto removed by the bot. Which confirms that you are lying. good job ignoring what i said though and just playing victim. Destiny literally created the left leaning political movement on twitch and is still the biggest left leaning streamer (except Hasan not technically? not sure). It's hilarious to try to pain his discord as racist by faking stats, literally no one will fall for it.
Because literally no one gives a shit about your post, no one in the discord even knew that you made it and I was the first to check. Again, you have not explain how an auto banned word had 1800 apparently racist uses that you are claiming
thanks &lt;3
She had counterplay here, she could have not walked into the turret.
We pay we gay
Clip is cringe, but it's also weird to self promote off of drama especially in this case loo.
"That comment" is just a conspiracy theory with literally nothing to back it up other than china scary. Whatever china would do with your data is no worse than what google and facebook are already doing. Oh and bring in the "omg tencent invested in reddit oooo scaryyyy"
I mean this is like claiming Hasan constantly responding to destiny clips, something he did a ton after their break up, and still does a little, is "obsessive." The way Hasan and Train talk about dgg might actually be obsessive. Why are destinys occasional reactions to someone that is extremely closely tied to him (they are the only 2 big left leaning twitch streamers, share many friends, and both share an audience of people clipping/linking the other) considered any more obsessive? If sargon or jontron were political twitch streamers at the time of their debates literally the same exact shit would be happening, and no one would complain.
Atlas update kept me playing in the early game, metamorph and unqiue qatchstones keeps me playing now.
He can easily maintain 10k+ viewers while relying purely on his own improv and charisma. If that is not an accomplishment then what is? You just sound bitter.
Him and maya started dating not super long after they started hanging out on stream. Yes the shipping shit happened, but not for any super extended period of time. This also happened after miz had already blown up. It was not manufactured in any way, they met, talked and started dating in a normal period of time and are still together. He moved in with russel and erob way before he blew up. How is this drama anyway? Many streamers live together, they are friends and it provides content. Unless you mean the drama in mitchs house, which again happened way after he blew up and it wasn't like he created or participated in the creation of it in any way. It was literally a 1 day event on his stream with Destiny trying to figure out who leaked the logs. I don't see how this is manufacturing drama. "Aspiring streamer" Lmao now I know why you're bitter
Wow hyperbolic statements from Destiny, never would have guessed! It looked like Bernie had a very small chance at the time. It's impossible to deny that. And he still has a long way to go.
Every time one of you edits that you got perm banned it makes me so happy.
Can you edit when you get perm pls ty
100% agreed. All of my friends I went with agreed too, and most of the theater considering the amount of laughing. I was actually shocked when I saw how much reddit loved this movie.
Reducing your quant is never worth it
This is true, but most quant gear is pretty garbage in every other way. most of the time you are trading full items for a small amount of quant. There is a reason no one is playing quant this league, endgame scales wayyyy too hard now to be able to get quant and still clear well (especially with metamorph and map bosses). A jewel with reduced quant would need a pretty big multiplier to be worth it.
100% not even close to true. A 550 pdps foil is a downgrade for me. And it costs 70 ex more
An expensive flicker build is 150ex, not 30. It's very expensive to scale.
Yup. I think I hit over 100 before it felt decent. Now I also added an HH and it actually feels good lul
Yup, I still watch his react and gaming streams
&gt;How many more items will be posted once an AH is in place? This is a positive thing, and increased supply will be balanced against increased demand, since more people will be buying &gt;What will happen to the value of items when supply outstrips demand of items? This already happens? What do you mean? Literally any unique drops to like 1 scour. It's not like every rare item will suddenly be dropped more? &gt;How much faster will the game be and how fast will players burnout? The aspects of the game that don't actually matter to the game will be faster. If you think artificially extending the time that players play is a positive thing then what can I say? Faster trading allows people to do what they want in the game. What if someone enjoys crafting more than anything, but gets burned out on trade? What if someone wants to only delve, but gets burned out on buying scarabs 1 at a time? What if someone wants to run a specific map, but gets burned out spending hours buying them? You realize that players being forced to spend literally hours doing something they do not enjoy will also make them burn out? &gt;How will bots and hardcore players be able to abuse such a system? Runescape has leagues and an auction house, yet has literally never faced this problem. You can find ways to regulate an auction house to prevent abuse, for example you could paywall it behind map/currency stash tab. Literally every serious player has one, and it would prevent bots from being able to do anything. You could limit the amount of an item someone can buy per day, something that Runescape does. On top of that, bots can already control the system with literally no way to stop them. They completely control the currency market, and you can easily write bots to buyout items if you wanted. An auction house would give you ways to regulate what is possible. &gt;How much further ahead will players be who are skilled at trading in comparison to people who choose not to be a part of it? First of all, merching is part of literally every single game with a trade system. 2nd, it already exists now. There are people who just spend the whole league trading and making money. And auction house would reduce their profit. This is not a negative at all, just another way to play and make money. &gt;Trading isnt a necessary part of the game. It is unless you play SSF. People in trade league all trade, that is why they are there.
I'm playing flickerstrike trickster, I don't think I care about meta much. Losing quant is not worth to 99% of players. If you are min maxing a build with 67 mirrors, you would be buying 4x multi or flat damage jewels instead to min max. A unique jewel with 10% less Quant and 10% more damage would still be worse than jewels worth mirrors. The only way you can be correct is if ggg released a jewel that said something like 50% less quant, 100% more damage or something which they would never do. So my answer is still correct. Also, I would bet a lot of money that you are not rich at all :)
Flicker at 1%, very meta lmaooo
This but unironically
why do you still have them then
Because I assumed you used them for your pc, and since you are on the Destiny sub I assumed you are at your pc for longer than 30 minute stretches. So it would be weird to keep headphones that hurt you. but it makes sense in your situation.
Government doing things is socialism!!! Neolibs owned!!! Please don't use reddit to learn politics.
Do you understand what proof means?
Fair enough, I did a bit of googling on my own and found that it seems you are correct, I just find it weird that you are willing to spend time responding but not 5 seconds posting a link. E: nvm, the ban messages do not state why he was banned, could have been RMT. There is no proof other than him being far ahead and not posting his runs, but he would also not be posting his runs if he was legit and RMTing so that people couldn't beat him.
0 evidence
How does no one remember the source for this? Destiny went over it with that youtube centrist on stream
No? This is the minority having more say than 0.
I would also expect an actual viewer to understand that when destiny says "no chance" he is being hyperbolic and doesn't literally mean 0%. Again, if Destiny did say Bernie still has no chance then I think he is wrong. He clearly has more than just a low chance. But that doesn't mean Destiny was wrong in the past, when Bernie did look like he had very little chance.
If the popular vote was being lost by 10m+ i would agree. It was lost by 3m.
His reasoning for saying Bernie had no chance was that Bernie maintained 15% in the polls for months, after already having a full campaign cycle where he was in the spotlight. Meanwhile, people like Warren and Pete were growing as they got more attention, and Biden was also still maintaining a fairly large lead. A fresh candidate at 15%, and even pete with his 4-8% (or w/e it was) seemed far more promising than a candidate who had been in the spotlight for many years and still sat at 15%. To claim this reasoning is "contrarian anti leftist rhetoric" is pretty fucking stupid.
He said on stream that he might be pro choice personally now and just has to accept the killing people in their sleep argument, but he didn't seem like he was 100% decided. This was weeks ago
I assume rmt, based on his response to me. In any case, if he was cheating why would GGG not ban him?
Tbf there are actually so many tankie chapos that they made their own sub and it is pretty fucking active. /r/moretankiechapo
He has centrist takes like 80% of the time, but still tries to virtue signal so hard here. Cringe AF.
Ah yes, d.gg is very well know for always agreeing with destiny. Good take. Devins entire argument is unironically "well technically twitch can ban you hehehhe"
You wrote "fuck the democrats" 23 days ago. Nice one.
I'm against looting, and I also wouldn't defend some dumbfuck calling 4 black dudes the Nword, ESPECIALLY now. Literally have to be braindead as fuck to do that, and even more braindead to defend it.
That out of context twitter account is even more cringe. He made a meme account for attention and now is using it as a personal twitter. Either keep it a meme or use your own account.
Fuck you got me excited
How many upvotes did it have?
Looting problem is overblown, kinda cringe we are still talking about it.
Agreed, the hilarious amount of defense Hasan gets here is pretty pathetic.
If you think this is ban worthy then you don't watch twitch.
JLP
Destinys tweets are abrasive but he would defend any of them. Shaun is literally braindead on twitter. These are not comparable
What?
I really hope this isn't vaush from the future, another conspiratorial accelerationist with 0 rationality would be a sad ending to his career.
The rule was made to remove Destiny posts, so I don't know why he would be surprised it is used to fuck him over. Mods are children
What's the difference between ignoring and defending when you're the only person with the power to stop it lmao.
If someone is drowning and you don't save them when you can, that's not the same as literally drowning them but it is still very fucking bad. If you are literally the only person capable of stopping something and you ignore the people asking you to do so that is nearly the same as literally defending it.
I tried lowering my ssri dosage to see how I felt, and devins eating last session singe handedly made me realize I need to go back up.
That wasn't the breaking point for me in that sense, it lead to me to listening to all of destinys debates which is what stopped me from being an antisjw.
I thought this was already known? I thought miz previously talked about have issues related to sex?
This emote doesn't signal to tankies any more than the rest of his stream. The russian hat with the soviet star is used in multiple emotes and shit. Sure, I agree that soviet iconography can be problematic but I think this is a pretty fucking tame usage of it. Nick fuentes is a nazi. I don't think hasan is a tankie, and I have heard him say bad things about tankies, the ussr and ccp consistantly on stream. I don't see how this emote is problematic at all. His takes on the protests are, but not because they are something a tankie would say. You're just looking for reasons to cry about him, but somehow picking the worst one.
The USA was really good about all those groups lmao. Yes, oppression is strictly better than literal extermination. This is a pretty simple argument.
The USSR did fucked up shit that was unrelated to their ideology. The Nazis did fucked up shit that was literally their entire ideology. These two things are not the same at all. You can say you supported aspects of the ussr while denouncing their genocides and holodomor and stalin. Hasan does denounce those things consistantly, so I don't think him having a soviet star hat on some enotes is problematic. You couldn't use a swastika or an SS logo in the same way.
The charity would have been equally effective if Hasan wasn't saying a bunch of bullshit. Comment makes no sense.
Lmao yea, that's a very fair comparison. Destinys problems were with the solutions and literal incorrect facts present by Hasan. He is going over actual solutions to this right now on stream. Meanwhile charlie kirk is doing 13 50 memes. Very very good faith comparison. The funny thing is, you keep trying to turn this into a popularity contest after bernie lost his 2nd primary. You realize that is a far more effective counter to your shit talk then "lmao a streamer you like has less viewers than streamer I like." This is literally "my dad would beat up your dad" shit. Cringe as fuck.
His initial reaction was literally saying he supports rioting against public institutions. That was his first line. If someone is racist for believing you should destroy police stations instead of target then I don't know what to tell you. He shit on leftists for trying to make it about capitalism instead of about racism. He literally kept bringing up the point that this was about systematic oppression of black people. Can you show me which racists try to talk about police being racist against black people?
Hasan brings up destiny and dgg very consistently, and has since the drama. I'm sure Hasan will see this bro, you just destroyed Destiny and all his fans.
You can't be racist against white people. Hasan is white.
Imagine how mad LSF would be if the roles were swapped.
There is 0 chance destiny would care about the first 4, what are you talking about?
I mean lefties being hypocritical isn't a really good reason to do the same? Just makes you look dumb as fuck. E: I was sent back to turkey for this comment
https://sullygnome.com/channel/ferociouslysteph She was literally avg 50 viewers lmao
Please edit when you get permed, holy shit is this message cancer. Can't believe it is upvoted.
The only way the comment could be made is if you are ultra charitable to Hasan and uncharitable to Destiny.
He started using it as a main account which is beyond cringe
I didn't move any goalposts, I'm a completely different person actually.
Kkona is used specifically for conservativs or rednecks, not all white people.
Cringe
Hasan fanboys can't take a joke
COWARD
No one is against states rights. There is a difference between saying the military shouldn't be able to invade a state and a state should be able to ignore civil rights.
Sources?
Getting killed by a cop and getting called white are equally problematic
It's people that sit inside all day and call everything cringe because they learned what is socially acceptable from their raid party.
Oppression olympics are cringe
Ah yes, "this sub quickly turned into" = 1 random redditor with 0 upvotes. You comment is so insanely ironic that I wish we had a different and much stronger version of ironic to describe it.
I have literally never heard of it and was able to understand from the very fucking obvious name and context. You're so fucking stupid.
1 point. 6 comments. 12 point comment calling out the post &gt;Ah yes, "this sub quickly turned into" = 1 random redditor with 0 upvotes. &gt;Your comment is so insanely ironic that I wish we had a different and much stronger version of ironic to describe it.
✅ Hide exskillsme bait ✅ Ignore exskillsme bait ✅ Do not reply to exskillsme bait
✅ Hide exskillsme bait ✅ Ignore exskillsme bait ✅ Do not reply to exskillsme bait
✅ Hide exskillsme bait ✅ Ignore exskillsme bait ✅ Do not reply to exskillsme bait
canceling my mouton sub to afford that $25/episode lul
Garbage change, but I guess the 3 ex per league kids will be happy for some reason :)
Jesus christ, ggg bootlickers are literally the most braindead people of all time. They just unironically nerfed melee. And you said it's good.
You can be pissed that GGG is literally worse at balance than Riot without actually using the items or builds nerfed. I have played 1 melee build in my life, but I am still going to be pissed about them removing melee from the game completely this league.
Lmao yea it's such a big issue that 1 line of skins was renamed, it's fucking crazy out of hand. Meanwhile white supremacists literally doing mass shootings yet somehow it's not an issue. Really makes you think.
I responded to a comment that was very specifically political, and the thread itself is 10000% political. I know that gamers have a hard time of seeing reality, but even you can't be that fucking stupid.
https://www.nytimes.com/interactive/2020/04/21/world/coronavirus-missing-deaths.html Here is some actual news reporting then.
Imagine being so arrogant that you go into a reddit thread of a person who clearly got the tattoo as a hate symbol and then saying it can't be used that way. You're really, really not as smart as you think you are buddy.
ok? You're not disagreeing with me.
Your argument is like saying a swastika isn't a hate symbol because it has other uses. Yes, the iron cross can be used in a non hateful way. It is also often used in a hateful way. It is a sign of hate, based on the context. Your claim of "everyone only sees it as racist" is a blatant fucking lie too, since it is very commonly used in many different places in the USA. Biking, skateboarding, and in logos/insignias/badges. Most people with basic historical knowledge are aware of both uses.
If someone said "I didn't know a swastika was a hate symbol" you wouldn't say "It's not, Buddhists use it." In the same way, you wouldn't go into a post about an ex neonazi saying his tattoo of the iron cross was a hate symbol and tell someone that it actually isn't a hate symbol. You can respond "it was, and still is, used by nazis but has many non hateful uses, such as..." But that is not what you did, like many others in this thread.
Is the swastika a symbol of racism?
lmao jesus christ
Brave take
So your claim is that using something as a hate symbol is actually impossible if it has a different origin? The fact that neonazis are literally saying "this is a hate symbol" and use it as such means nothing, because there exists a different usage for it? Again, how can a swastika be a hate symbol then? How can any symbol that neo nazis decide to use consistantly not be classified as a hate symbol? Do you recognize that under your definition "hate symbol" has no practical use? How do you even define it?
I don't consider someones net worth when deciding if they are content or not.
Lmao I love LSF losers projecting their insecurities on max, so fucking cringe
Can someone explain how shooting at a man running away from you is self defense? E: to all the angry boys responding to me, I was permed by your free speech advocate mods ;) Hope you enjoyed losing those court rulings ;)
He is literally sprinting away from them. If you are gunning someone down who is running away from you then that is not self defense.
Conservatives are literally insane. Ever wonder why your scotus picks keep turning on you? Lmao
by "instead of running" you mean that he as running away and only took the taser because he believed it would give him a better chance to run away. This was not self defense, you can try to argue that he deserved to die for resisting arrest/evading police but that is not the same as arguing that it is self defense. If the cop had just stopped to help his partner he was no in any danger at all, because the man was running away.
So someone running away from me is considered a threat? how do you define threat?
Why are you running away?
The entire hate for TLOU2 since the leaks has been almost completely based around the gender "sjw" shit, this is obvious based on who was complaining. When kotakuinaction and thequarterpounder are the only ones talking about it, you know why it's being criticized. You can criticize the story, and maybe that sub you mentioned does do that, but even the lsf threads are filled with hate for abby. You can't deny that reality. E: https://www.reddit.com/r/TheLastOfUs2/comments/hbf9p0/what_a_brave_and_bold_scene_for_neil_and_anita Lmaoo ok dude.
So I don't get it, is gender a problem or not? Is her gender even relevant to the story? I just went through the sub, there are constant references to abbys gender and her sex scene, yet 0 explanations for why it is an issue? It sounds like they wrote a dogshit story and abby fit neatly into gender stereotypes most likely would have changed nothing. It's important to criticize a story based game for having a weak story. But the constantly focus on abbys gender just makes all the criticism look biased and typical gamer cringe.
So then /r/gamingcirclejerk is completely correct in making fun of /r/thelastofus2 over that? Ok?
They made up the zombies
You can hate her as a character, that is clearly not what is being focused on by many people in that sub and in general.
&gt;league player calling people consumer npcs
try a few more
Him and richard lewis had a massive fucking breakup years ago, and destiny constantly said he was willing to be friends again because he doesn't hold grudges. Now they are friends again. He will be friends with literally everyone (excluding nazis and shit obviously) as long as they are ok with him challenging their views.
A trump supporter and a destiny fan are about as radically different as you can get. The point isn't "winning" people on that sub genuinely believe that they are right and they like Dick enough to want him on their side. If anything, it should show you that they like him.
Yea, the EU actually has less excuses than the US.
Yes destiny invented these words
Idk how people find this funny at all. Reminds me of that disabled guy on twitter who just constantly makes ableist jokes
Vaush good
HELP ME OOOO
why has he not deleted this account? cringe.
Awful bait, try harder.
Considering the quality of clips that is upvoted, I don't think it's a quality issue. I think the fact that LSF + a certain large streamers community really hate Destiny is enough to explain the insane downvotes. Also, destiny literally had a front page clip removed for politics and it was him translating a word for melina. The politics rule was literally made for destiny. The rule is only strictly enforced for destiny. If you think this is all fair then idk what to say. E: also, destiny has won the most rajj royales pretty sure, and been top2 a ton while being a 3-6k andy on average. Sure, dgg will support destiny more than most core audiences, but you can't deny that twitch audiences enjoy destinys humor to some extent at least.
Destiny is someone that is hard to like if your only exposure to him is drama/edginess, I would obviously agree. However, many of the people posted and upvoted here are also controversial, but the hate is way more balanced. Greek, for example, has been the exact same person for years yet only now has LSF turned on him at all, for behavior they loved and defended a year ago. Also, my problem is the fact that any clip by Destiny is instantly downvoted. Obviously, a clip where he is being negative or controversial I would expect to be downvoted, but when a clip of a funny moment in game or something is instantly at 70% you really start wonder. Especially since destiny clips used to do a lot better, before a certain streamers audience got really big. You can call it conspiracy, but you absolutely cannot deny that the rule was made at the time where he was the only big political streamer, and the only one who got posted here for politics specifically. You also can't deny that his clips get removed for complete bullshit, like translating a single word for melina. Meanwhile, there are plenty of clips that are very specifically tied to politics that are not removed at all. way you are trying to frame it shows a pretty clear bias.
Yea people might just use this as a skip league to make next one more fun lol
I didn't realize this was possible until today so i am going to do that, but it is extremely annoying compared to just using alchs lul.
You seem very very confused so I will help you out. I oversustain alchs every single league. This league I am not. I didn't change the way I play at all, in fact I did the same starter as last league and followed almost the exact same progression. This means that the lack of alchs is because of the mechanic not providing them. Another example, ziz (who is much, much better than you at this game) was complaining about map sustain being worse. This is another example of why this league mechanic is not rewarding enough. Now that I brought it down to a 5th grade level, do you understand it?
Class reductionism is beyond cringe.
Lmao saying gachi = no twitch homophobia is as bad as saying obama = no racism.
So a very large sub that is almost entirely dedicated to antisjw antitlou2 memes is not evidence that antisjws are a large part of the review bombing. Interesting.
destiny bad
You're literally a fan of a fanboy of Destiny (vaush for lsf frogs), why are you talking lmao Plus I prefer to call him daddy.
It's fucking insane to me that this is still happening. How is no one saying anything in the cast?
That argument is in a hypothetical situation where we treat every rape accusation as true, it's not applicable now.
Saying no to an underage fan makes you one of the creepiest individuals? Interesting.
So the reason he said it that way was probably because she looked older. Are you denying that a 15 YO can look 18+?
He didn't say he almost met up with her, he said it was hard to say no. Aka he said no to a girl because she was underage even though she didn't look underage.
T1 actually
They have to, because the market will do it if they don't.
Of course, false rape accusations are obviously a real thing and destiny wouldn't deny that. His point is that people who make rape accusations will get massively shit on whether they are right or wrong, and generally have nothing to gain. For example. The dr. Ford has had to move houses multiple times after her accusations. It's important to consider the facts of every accusation.
Don't think he will care that much, I would actually expect him to appreciate what destiny did and agree with what he says.
The example you gave is ok I gursd, but that is different then attempting physical constant every 30 min.
Mizkif is claiming that as current reality. Destiny does not agree that it is the current reality. In the clip that was linked, Destiny was arguing what would happen IF Mizkifs/pzies reality was true. This is an example of him being consistent.
There are literally no stories about him except mia, which was resolved a very long time ago. Do you have examples?
Imagine being this mad that rape victims are finally getting support on LSF. u/imNatt must be a rapist.
I am sustaining t15-16 without trading for a single map and I have less t7-11 than op.
&gt;trained Marxist Is this a joke
