What's sarcasm
The sarcastic part was "I'm all for believing things on the internet" Mr gets upset over fuck all
I meant "I'm all for believing things on the internet" was sarcasm, which is what they referred to
I dunno, it's not that there aren't shit people out there it's that this comes off as too perfect
It was a sarcastic comment, I don't know what to tell you.
For some reason if people don't pick up on sarcasm they double down
A bunch are on YouTube too
[Italians are so weird](https://youtu.be/nkx1FbldYyM)
No such thing as an innocent camry
I over think everything and have no clue how you thought this was rude
Please never get that haircut, for your sake
Guns don't shoot bullets, roll cage bolted into the body panelling. It's terrible.
Disappointed you didn't thank Ellie then call her a retard
Whhhhhhhyyy does this music get put on 50% of all skate clips
&gt;kinda
That's where she looks after the kids though
Why should I bother getting out of bed every day?
I get it, people just put music they like in and this stuff is popular but it just always seems to be either mumble rap (I think) or auto tuned stuff I dunno, music seemed up peak in skating 15 years ago
/r/increasinglyverbose
I don't like it but at least it's well done and subtle enough you wouldn't notice from a distance
Oh no BMW's are known in Aus and the UK for being entitled and oblivious Camrys are just known to be reliable as hell so people who don't care about their car will gravitate to whatever's reliable and they're just such a common car. Also for whatever reason they're popular as hell with Indian dudes here and they don't have the best driving record. But they're stereotypes so they don't apply to everyone or everywhere
I'd prefer if he streamed that
This is just a good time
Easily solved if we die
They don't block YouTube ads so fuck they can fuck right off
I haven't been able to confirm it because it's all in Russian, but apparently one of the dudes who used to be with them has started his own version where he confronts people not being good Muslims, the only example I can remember is if someone has a beer or something. If someone speaks Russian here could you confirm? His name is Islam and I think his channel was linked on one of the stopxam channels or one of their members channels but you could find it by googling I'm sure. EDIT: islam ismailov stop haram
Ty, his YouTube account was nuked
Mmhmm
No I switched him to ublock origin and he was surprised when it worked on YouTube so his previous blocker didn't work on YouTube
In curious what those toms sound like
In my head they sound amazing
I'm quiet, awkward and think you're an idiot.. "I hate being described correctly"
You're taking stuff like this seriously? A decade ago we knew not to take any temporary chat seriously..
I assume you can pay to get better guns? It's a mobile shooter, who cares if you come out on top
The reason Honda's suck is that they're FWD for the most part, the LS swap forces people to fix this problem
Oh no, no no these are all unique games that stand on their own merit and each is the first of its kind!
I mean, it hasn't been presented as that you can't beat those who paid. If it's only say 10-20% unfair then it doesn't bother me as long as it's free.. You can still win but some people have vague advantages
Some driving instructors tell you to pull out, if you see cars or whatever not slowing down then you wait till you know that they're doing
More or less the same here
I thought the release date was pushed back?
You absolute MONSTER
I haven't seen any like this, granted I only see posts from there if I browse all but still
So he uses a brita first?
Just as an aside, fuck their YouTube channel is annoying.. I've drunkenly watched some of their vids and really wish one of the things would land on one of the cunts who won't shut the fuck up
The fuck is wrong with you OP? this is prime battlecar material
Thanks
Jake response on point
I dunno, I just see people complaining and that's the obvious thing
Ny?
Of course, that's what we all hope to achieve when we go skating. We're getting closer
Interesting as fuck can fuck right off.. You have to be in a very inquisitive mood to find any of it really interesting so it's just one disappointment after another
Derros are pretty much the only ones you need to avoid but they're not as easy to spot now that the lad era is over
Fair chance people jumped on the bandwagon because mobile and known franchise but who knows
They'll follow you across state lines
I'd love a version with 1.6 and CSS maps thrown in
Nevermind putting extra pressure on other people, it's society mannn
I like to imagine someone watching you make this then take a photo of it
By the looks of things, outback or forester suspension and a bunch of spacers
Apparently it's better than knack 2, can anyone confirm?
I'm gonna watch it and be annoyed that people can't take a joke, brb EDIT: wait that one? The fuck did they apologise for?
Fuck blind spot detection, unless you have an actual truck
This one weird trick, doctors hate him!
Little people *
Bleach your asshole before the first date, just in case
Now we're renting weeklys from the same blockbuster video
World would be better without either
I was wondering why someone would modify it to launch discs at such a rate
Not really, if you have no idea why they're yelling then there's no reason to get upset
But do they cry wolf?
This is why your opinion is absolutely worthless
Oh alright
Live leak and 4 Chan are the closest we have to the internet of old
They're launching it onto an active airport
It's more polite to get the fuck out of the way rather than inch your way in
I trust drunk drivers way more than these cunts
Some morons are just downvoting anything below the initial downvoted comment.. Why is reddit so shit
Completely irrelevant to the sub. But it only matters if they're looking into the camera a lot, otherwise they're just a person driving while talking, possibly with a thing in their hand if they don't have a mount but meh, if you can have a drink while driving you can hold something else
Don't blow it, keep it simple, count your money
Ol Billy boy in the background
Imagine the size of the gaps between ramps and the ground
Honestly a dope way to go, legit launched a ramp onto a fucking boat
It's rather obviously a render
Or, you could stop being a knob
You can make any kit sound good for the most part, the snare and kick can be a bitch though
So unsure of his sexuality
I'm a dude who slept through highschool and knew this when people started going on about melting steel.. Suddenly with 9/11, apparently you need to liquify anything to collapse it
Would you shut the fuck up with the embarrassed shit.. You're making me side with 9/11 conspiracy theorists just by being a cunt
No no, don't you see, anything that is said to be right wing is immediately bad!
Yeah it's fuck off cold here and.. 35-40 isn't that bad, anything above 40 is anus
Everyone did, i reckon it'd be a better idew to just treat everyone with any type of swastika as if it's a Buddhist or otherwise swastika
If this sub is anything to go by, you should start a studio
That used to always happen when I was 18, seems I've sucked em up a bit since
Your echo room *
It's the fact that you have to import data from a PC. I've got 1.6 on my pc but.. Unplugging my charging cable to walk over to my pc? I'll have to think about that EDIT: if you're downvoting him for the emojis then continue but otherwise calm down
Well I shit myself
Best controller Sony ever made
I understand getting defensive when people shit on you on reddit, I do it too, but try to take a deep breath and think of each response individually. Again I didn't downvote you but I also didn't insinuate what you're suggesting I did.
"fake" yeah sure OP
Holy shit, a thread in this sub that isn't 98% the same 3 jokes repeated? It's a Christmas miracle!
I agree generally, but... Complaining about specifically me downvoting you and saying I said things I didn't? There's an irony here. I have the same problem but I tend to catch myself
You just described friendship
I definitely understood that based on absolutely nothing
Gay captain planet he's a.. (it has to be faggot, it rhymes and is fitting) something something, I don't remember the rest :/ Maybe heart will finally make a semblance of sense
This is way too vague, do you want AAA competitors? Side scrollers? I've been playing a butt load of cod mobile and it's easily the best experience I've had as far as mobile gaming goes, however the only game I put much time into that prior was pubg mobile which was okay but more clunky. Unless you count touch skate or really bad chess (randomised chess)
Nah dude let's just fuck logic off and complain, it's the reddit/twitter/4chan way
Time is meaningless so sure
You don't
That's fair, still though my parents love prints and have never so much as mentioned Hendrix, I don't think I know anyone that has and I have rockstar family members from the same era
"stick to that", so keep his mouth shut either way.. You moron.
It's up there with the mumble rap
Sure, THATS the part I was talking about, despite clearly pointing out what I was talking about. Good job
You are mum*
You're just as lame as them, wanting shit in a minecraft server
I don't think it had time
They still find blue paint as of 2018 apparently
I know the hats are wrong but I can't even tell what they've done, the snare seems right to me? I'm thinking that's a lock on a stupid part of a cymbal stand and I have no idea about the tom, unless it's just that type of mount ring shit
&gt;My bad guys.
I get that but it's still an odd representation of engineering porn
Screen shot was taken in 1973 you absolute fucking shoe
I up voted your first one to bring it to neutral but this... This goes too far. Liking Colbert..
She was in that? I thought that was Steven Tyler's daughter who is also hot but disappeared quickly
There's not enough to figure out the full story, she could've said she didn't mind it, or loved it, could've liked being dominated or something, iuno. Either way it's a made up story on a basket weaving forum
What the fuck was that series of events
I've never heard of EJ's using oil, if anything just coolant heading over to hang out with the oil
Yeah I'm kinda on her side, thinking some important shit's been stolen then you're gonna freak the fuck out. Even apologised in person
Finally, something better than the 400 "add money" posts
Look at Mr moneybags over here
Am millenial, don't care about Disney or star wars, would probably prefer to fight a war than have to sit through Disney stuff
So what's it like being 11?
Which you'll notice is not within nsw We have some decent parks around but they get raped by scooter kids with dipshit parents who just drop them off or watch them fuck everyone else over. So I just stick to the local park
WE'RE SAVED!
The first few memes didn't deserve to be seen, they got better and we have hit peak
Hey, you're finally awake
Yeah I love guessing what's real and what's not. Also what has aids and what doesn't
Thailand, Siam, yes
West Boro are a bad example cause they only yap, they're harmless physically
I've been athiest most of my life and switched to agnostic because I agree. Definitely is and definitely aren't are very similar.
I'm Australian, that cheapest long neck I can get is $5:50
Which one? I literally watch norm content most days as of a year or so ago but I'm struggling here
Reddit = hive mind
I believe jesus has returned and his tricks have gone severely downhill
Why would they say something so brave yet contraversial
Someone needs to post norm macdonald roasting the Canadian film awards
Was that the corpse next to the other corpse?
That section was by far the best
Some rich people are attractive, so I'd watch that
HOW DID YOU TAKE THIS PICTURE?!
Y'know how we do fuckin stupid shit? They're also human so they also do stupid shit
Yes how dare ragdoll not be their top priority in the third public update, fuck the main aspect of the game, ragdoll is what they need to fix
It fits, vaguely
The number is raising a bit ridiculously
Tom hanks likes paedophiles?
Been watching 5 minute crafts? Or pewds video on them?
Gonna need a third upload
I've got a 200 piece, comes with bolt, bolt, bolt, nut, nut, bolt, nut, bolt-
The number keeps changing so who the fuck knows
She's better without actually seeing the goods
Of course not, it's illegal
Yeet?
This is once very subtle reference
This was posted recently
Session's already enough for me even in its early buggy state. Wouldn't get skate 4 even if they released it because fuck EA and I'm bored of the old flickit controls
Your fault for not muting everything immediately
It's a good concept when done well, this one doesn't seem to line up very well and it looks like they took a screen for cod4 off a 360 on the smallest CRT they could find rather than PC
Was just chaotic I guess and seeing as they seemed to cater to running and gunning after waw, they seem to focus on chaotic maps, made even worse thanks to shit spawns
Consequences will never be the same
Most, not all.
What in the great cunts of Atlantis is that
As someone without the test version, is this where the new zombies map currently is? I'm sick of the "new gameplay" button in game and it's identical
Except for those that have then laughed, shaken their head or rolled their eyes at me for doing so, sure. Granted that's largely in a certain area with a.. Bias, you could say, but still. Depends on the area.
Following spot Hunter on Insta?
The big takeaway from this multiple decade old meme, is that people want crushed chips
Oh! Why didn't I think of that! Thank you, all my problems are solved and everything is peachy!
Another problem solver that knows exactly what my mindset is and what's going on in my life, thank you! You've fixed everything!
I too watch myq
One you're massively overshooting and 2, you can't simply change your mindset. Fuck me your both out of touch with anyone but yourselves
There's an irony considering what I've said vs what you've said
I can't take it seriously with that music, is there an original version?
I tend to focus on production a lot more than I'd prefer but this definitely uses a few cliches
Minus emotions? Me thinks it'd be the other way
Also it was only when the camera was on
He was convicted of supposedly groping a teenage girl. Yeah literally the same as someone who fucks baby's, no difference
Ya know Phil basically created bam and encouraged everything for the most part
Who wouldn't trust them? They have a great paying day job
So you're saying that you orchestrated the whole thing?!
Have a separate one sure, no need to make this a bigger file size
Not in most country's EDIT: give it a go in random country's and get back to me on how it goes
If you're 12 and doing it for the lulz then okay but otherwise.. Jesus
I occasionally browse /r/all and this sometimes pops up
If you're playing for rewards, you're the problem. The game needs more content but they're not going to make much of it because it's more profitable to add dumb skins that kids will focus on and many will spend money on
I was directing my comment to the guy I responded to
I get you but they know that they only need a few whales to spend thousands of dollars on crates, while the majority spend very little. I don't see that part changing
No idea, it's a mobile game so I figure it'll be profitable until some other big franchise comes along like apex legends or something
Even if it was real, my first thought was someone on drugs ended up in the wrong house, not that they were just a very efficient paedo. If there's a way to twist something to stir as much emotion as possible then you bet your bottom Diddy, someone on reddit or Twitter is going to find it. Or whoever writes headlines for any media company
Compared to a game on console or PC, it takes no time. I pointed out why and told you what to look up if you want an idea of how fast people can bring things out.
Eh close enough
The yank tanks are an absolute joke, thank fuck we still have a few decades of backlogs here until we totally run out.
The posts here suggest that jermas fan base has gotten much younger and dumber.
If the game mode is just using parts of the existing game, they probably download the example screenshot for the button but otherwise it's all client side
A single employee from a hired company that's overseen by the main company, doesn't have the final say. In saying that I highly doubt they'll fuck with it much
Get a load of norm macdonald over here
Hmmmm, explain
Jokes on you, I'm a 28 year old retard
I swear to god
Whomst'd've
Hello cat with a hat I'm glad that you're here
2% off
I'm calling this police towards you
He's eating donuts?!
What a terrible description
Fuuuuuuck that noise.. I'd have my shit completely coated in some kind of sealer
It has way more players around here, so I've gotta bloody start in third person and change to first like some kind of peasant
It's hard to say
Do you genuinely think feeling like you're in the wrong body and need surgery among other things, isn't a mental disorder?
What I can say is we dunno how we're gonna react to fucked up situations. He reacted like a dumb cunt for sure but flipping out on randoms online is easy to understand where as sitting there fully breathing in the death of your loved one is extremely difficult. If you're gonna troll, make sure to do it like a true troll where there's no real damage dealt and it's the the person making an ass out of themselves by not properly reading comments
They're both very generic, honestly cage looks like it'll be better than scrapyard
I doubt it, you get more stuff if you've paid, so those without the battle pass go in there and see what they're not getting. More time exposing people to stuff they have to pay for means more people will pay
Don't make me boost your mum
Of course it's Australia.. Our councils are fucking retarded, finding the lowest bidder and that's it. Every new park has bark all around, one has concrete rendering on a box in the park.. The amount of illogical bullshit is astounding
Got me good
You're more well read than me, is it the creation of Israel that backs it? Or is it some prior thing. I get the differences between thinking some group of Jews are in control and that all Jews are in control but it seems like inside conspiracy groups there's basically no coherency. I just dunno why they pinpoint Jews, outside of being the main victims of the worst thing to happen in the last hundred years that involved the majority of the world
Centrism is the only way to go. Right wingers want to let anyone know how right wing they are and left wingers want everyone to know how left wing they are.
HOW DARE YOU NOT BLINDLY FOLLOW THE STATUS QUO
Far better
I've downloaded the maps and such but that wasn't one
$45 on a bloody skin.. If they suddenly released a bunch of maps for single player and zombies, or a bunch of new guns and such then sure. As it stands though no, not worth such purchases
Iuno, go sending your money to Isis I spose
Y'know that's fair
Then what's the fucking point
Hardcore with no bright red markers would be nice
I get all my stuff in life for free, I just buy it and then it's free
I have no idea what you're trying to convey
When did cod become battlefield?
Not something to be sad about
"her" - non battle axe
Just in the interest of speeding this up and for anyone like me who is curious but not THAT curious : Pay to win matchmaking in that, if you pay, you're more likely to be put in games with better players?
I personally prefer this honestly, there's no chance I'm sending money on crates in any game (I could've made at least a grand in TF2 but.. At least I have my morals) and this ensures I'm going up against more difficult enemies. Still a shit practice and goes along with the XP card shenanigans n such but it's not gonna bother me in game thankfully. It does shit me though when I'm suddenly in a game and I can't tell if they have a hacker or not because it's just vtol after vtol and the dudes 45-0, but that's only happened a couple times EDIT: forgot the man of war was a gun also, I checked the bonus stats of the current crate guns but didn't notice that, I'll go have another look n see if its stats bug me
It's just a logical way of playing that they fucked up considerably in cods around mw2 (I only ever played that offline for half a match, so I can't comment on it) but the jump from cod4/5 to mw3 and bo2, the spawns man.. By the time you get halfway out of spawn, the enemy now spawned behind you. I don't know if it's a mobile exclusive but I like front line because it feels quite a bit like old cod tdm games
Fuck them, the /s is like when someone says "jokes" after making a shit joke IRL. Don't submit
Look how much fucking food it has on its bowl too
Nice attempt at obscurity, department of homeland security
Is your finger inside the bloody thing?!
Adam eget?!
If you wanna talk about good guys with guns stopping bad guys with guns and how that would help aus and such, you've gotta count all the shootings you guys have. (btw guns are legal in aus, you simply have to jump through extra hoops and can only get certain ones) Yeah nz happened but otherwise we've had.. Basically no shootings in aus/nz. Christchurch, lindt Cafe dude kinda and then the one before that from memory would be the Tasmanian one that got guns restricted in aus. Yeah people could fuck some people up with their car but that's far easier to spot coming, far easier to out manoeuvre a car than a dude and you can't conceal a car. After the euro truck shenanigans, we started putting up stone barriers in places that seemed particularly vulnerable and we've been sweet.
As opposed to that man made mould
Does it actually bother you?
Guys, I think this might be a render
Didn't fight enough random people, 6/10
If I ever have a spare $3000, I wish to experience this
Hold on MOTHERFUCKAH
I would cut off one section to be a little street section, we had one indoor park on my city that everyone hated because it was purely back and forth, you couldn't really try one thing repeatedly unless you felt like going 100 kmph and launching up something. The back and forth model tends to only allow so many people to go at once
If we make several assumptions, it mustn't smell much comparatively
&gt;I don't go for the kind of hairstyles that involve your entire head being on fire. Then what's the fucking point
Nnno, a nazi is a nazi. Someone who wants to be a nazi is not a nazi. I know we're in the age of fucking off definitions meaning anything but that can fuck off. A nazi a politician from the 40s, otherwise they're a sympathiser and or some dumb cunt with some dumb cunt views. Fuck Reddits wank woke views, all its done is encourage shit the same way new York media create the knock out game from nothing.. There were no police reports of the knock out game until it showed up on the news, then suddenly people were out there doing exactly what was suggested. Bunch of masturbatory bullshit.
It looks great on paper, then once skated it sucks.. But so much money has been spent so they refuse to acknowledge any mistakes. Monster burned down though so at least it no longer exists
Look up neel kolhatkars response to it, I vaguely remember him being rather on point.
Fuck me people are stupid
Shit was like Benny Hill, couldn't have been better
Wasn't aware it popped out the person's phone to record
Impossible, I already pictured it the way I did
That depends, while I haven't had a gun to my head I have had a knife to my throat and other than tearing up, none of that happened
I'd get in his can any day
"hahahaha DIE" - Turkish vets
I'm aware of some being set by arsonists, I've also heard that people are trying to spread the narrative that it's largely arson to skip over climate change. I was however asking about your claims about the green party that made no sense
None of it was serious ya fuckin hard scoper
Yeah but that dog was always going to be a dog where as, I've known children.. Fuck those children
Rashad Evans
Firies, fire-fighters. They're who backburn. EDIT: next time instead of spreading absolute wank, spend half a second on Google you dumb cunt
You're the one spreading misinformation that you jumped to believing. If you had posed it as a question or something sure but don't go acting like a victim when you're spouting shit
If you manage to hold that rule of not drinking alone then you'll probably be alright. Once I found how alcohol made me feel I just dived right in. Glass of wine right next to me (wine sucks but it's cheap)
Hello fortune teller!
Reddit advice is terrible a lot of the time, going through this thread, he's been disagreeing with certain things. You're not a doctor, you don't know what the fuck you're talking about
I'll record ya mum
"I won't care" - "why does it matter that I care"
I'm not a huge fan of his cleans, he has a twang to his voice that reminds me of the early "screamo" bands. Still though his screams are good and everyone else is a beast
I mean if you stay friends with someone willing to do shit like that, you've probably got some sketchy morals. There was a girl who apparently has very low standards who kept trying to get me to make a move, while she had a boyfriend, then again with the next two boyfriends, so once it became obvious enough for me to notice I dipped out. Easily the most attractive girl that's ever shown interest in me but... Wouldn't have felt right
Far more absurd, the bottom would have had to be "so I cut her arm off and ate it" or something
And are very defensive about being wrong lol, classic reddit
Found out about the first 2 after it'd happened, third almost certainly knew about the previous two and he was the one she slept with while with the previous boyfriend (at least one of) I feel selfish during sex anyway, that would've been weird.. And while she was a solid 5/7, she also choofed ciggies like a prisoner of war which isn't a pleasant smell
No I was that little Asian girl in the beginning
Well there's 30 minutes of 25% of that right there for ya
Waking up feeling like there's a chance to be happy? Absolutely not me irl
It'd be hell fun to bounce stuff off the ground/wall in though
Try to be around as many people as you can, the more you do it the easier it'll become. The internet being largely premised of Americans and the rise of SJW wank has me the same as you in reverse. I'm just trying to remind myself that it's a loud minority that are the types to care about small fopars and equate them to XYZ. The majority of people don't care that you're black, until the internet stuff I didn't care or try to filter myself around anyone and it worked out fine except for a couple white people trying to tell me off, which is ironic
You're not taught enough about cars when getting a licence, at least here in aus and from what I understand about the US. It's pretty pathetic when you think about it
What? They fucked the playstation control up with the ps4, it's just a slightly less dumb xbox controller now
I don't understand this list
Technically maybe but it's close enough
Don't up vote it but there's no need to send any comment on reddit to -200000 EDIT: case in point
That's one mighty furious toothpick
It's damn near impossible to camp in this game, anyone complaining about it has the brain capacity of a mollusc
As with most everything in this game, it's no doubt a convoluted way to make you want to spend more money. The UI is absolutely cancer because $$$, so I don't see this changing unfortunately. Which is a shame but, yeah.
Per litre as well
Does that virus give you an upset tum?
The fuck are you talking about.. Reddit is a cesspool up there with the worst.. It's worse than the worst because you can hide different opinions and easily follow people's past
Now his day is saved
Story's at 7:15
Mine stops me from going outside for months at a time
As we all use our cutlery at KFC
Take the second line from the top and put it at the bottom, fuck the current bottom text off and then you have a quality 07 meme
That lense makes it look like it just slid into a gutter
I had an issue with my first and third slots on my mobo when I built it back when, it worked fine when plugged into slots 2 and 4 though
Pinterest has ruined google image search. Reddit has ruined humanity, there's a difference
After a month "roll over" - cat flies out the fuckin window
Seeing as no one has replied, I'm going to assume the dipshits downvoting you just don't want it to be the way you're saying
It's easily the best br mode out there. Also people crying about BR being added to games can fuckin neck themselves
Oh man it's eating, so derpy ahahahhabahhahahahaah
They make me sick, fuck artificial sweeteners unless you have diabetes
I do hear what you're saying but on principle I dislike them, I think they should only be used when absolutely necessary. In a manual you're forced to look at the road ahead and figure out what gear you need to be in, similarly it's difficult to use your phone or anything because you're forced to focus and use both hands. Then you've got emergencies. A little one would be jutting out too far onto a road, auto isn't as precise as an H pattern so getting into reverse isn't as simple. Things just generally going wrong in a manual you can easily shift to neutral and deal with it. I dunno, in many scenarios auto is fine but overall I despise it
Well one you have to melt steel/iron/aluminium/whatever at a plant, the other you take the already built scaffolding and put it together you see. Nice use of the downvote button tho, really got me good!
The rest of the world can pick up the slack, nooooo problem
Lincoln continental confirmed?
A locksmith? Jesus it'd be easier becoming an astronaut!
Thanks to photoshop I now know exactly where OP lives and have made a perfect replica of the key, YOU'RE FUCKED OP!
Ah yes, everyone sees a colour coded key and thinks "THERE MUST BE THE ADDRESS TO A HOUSE I CAN ROB UNDER THIS!"
OP is the type to think sarcasm is definitely serious
If we work together we can probably hurl a fridge
I'd rather you give me some snuggles
Gtr nismo LM* quite different
Nice folks
HEY! no badmouthing porn stars. EDIT: if it weren't for porn you'd think a vagina really did look like the shotgun blast your aunt made you clean as a child
I can't tell if you're taking their bait or I'm taking your bait
Oh thank fuck that's what a pad is
Yes but apparently you'll get downvotes for some reason
By that logic literally anything done by anyone is anonymous.. They realised they got too big and fucked off because there was no clear directive, now it's what you said which is why it's wank EDIT: might as well rename it "people" seeing as there's many random "anons" with no clear direction
4chan is always 1 step ahead
FUCKING WHY...... FUUUUUUUUCK
When and where were you here though?
Lol no, the work under the surface is always a hot mess. The body panels might be worth sanding down and repainting assuming they aren't full of bog but that's about it, the rest will almost certainly be shot
He's an anxiety riddled insecure.. Immature person, they have such a low view on themselves they bully the easy targets and try to latch on to people who make them look good. In a children's movie it would seem the answer is to be nice to them and they'll realise the world isn't that bad and so on, so they'll start to be nice- BUT The world isn't a movie, until they come to some realisation at some point, they'll be the archetype people have bee discussing in here. When you're able to think rationally, just feel sorry for them, it's like an abused child lashing out. I wouldn't go getting everyone to have this mindset because there's always going to be one or two people who think "oh no I can help!" and while a nice idea that could work, there's a fair chance they'll just end up getting used by the cunt while he's still in the same mindset. ------ TLDR: think of them as an abused child lashing out and projecting, that's probably closer to the truth than the movie version of "bad person bad just because bad", tho that doesn't justify them being a cunt and as with an addict, you can't just suddenly help them unless they're willing.
Oh fuck RACISM HAS STARTED?!
Money bags over here
Dude instagram only works properly with vertical videos.. Blame that cancer
Now THIS is equality
It's practically Pythagoras theorem
Unlike the people doing nothing on instagram, those people are doing nothing for the right cause!
The last thing I want to think about is dudes banging, it's probably up there with someone vividly describing a cartel execution
You're telling me, you can't tell if there are people around? Or if you're in a place where someone could appear suddenly? I don't think you should be driving
It's easier to practice online but it being the internet there's a higher chance someone will misinterpret something you've said or just generally be an asshole (I'm aware of this and still have little patience with some people), so maybe pick some niche subs with smaller communities to try and be active in
I put the game down for a few months after playing the first couple missions... The first second you get control in 5 you get into a car and I kept slamming into the divider because apparently cars work like slot cars.. Granted 4 was retarded with how it treated sports cars, they handled the same as a heavy SUV
Or, just get the stars and drive along the subway tracks under one of the bridges and avoid the helicopter fire
Nothing more realistic than cops immediately knowing where you are while hiding in a secluded area, having sniped someone from a distance with a silencer
This is the type of person to post a black square on their instagram
DT stopped making good decisions over a decade ago, this is the last straw I CAN'T TAKE IT ANY MORE PETRUCCI!
It's nice to learn
Dammit I hate when it's an American specific brand
It wouldn't be so bad if they didn't all look like the cheap "racing seats" you see at super cheap (or I guess auto zone would be the yank equivalent), a well designed car type seat would be fine
If you're fine having your friends contorted faces popping into your head any time you're intimate with someone then that's on you
Oh yeah it's definitely that, not that I visualise things immediately whether I want to or not
Shout out to [Steel Panther ](https://youtu.be/yfB7vF7nCdA) for keeping metal alive!
I don't know if you're a history buff or not..
Well I don't know of any off the shelf chairs that are real car seats so it kind of has to be DIY
Huh I wasn't aware of that, that's pretty dope but also stupid if they don't allow full office chair articulation. I've wanted to do it to a wrx seat for years and there's a dude on YouTube wasabicars who did one with an r32 gtr seat
Mr Holmes over here. John Holmes that is.
I zoomed the fuck in on my phone and saw a couple pixels
EVERYONE WAS PUT IN DANGER! MY GRANDMOTHERS HEAD EXPLODED AS I WATCHED THIS!
The ALS thing was entirely different in that it's something not everyone was aware of.. Who the fuck isn't aware of racism? Of course this is going to be glazed over, people don't want change, they want to stomp their feet and do absolutely nothing while telling others what a good person they are. I've been getting so much hate for mocking the black square thing and suggesting people actually think about a proper fix, perhaps trying to figure out the people to vote in.. Fighting for certain reforms and such.. Nah I'm a nazi cause I think the black squares are masturbatory bullshit. The idea of engaging with someone that has different views? FUCK THAT WE NEED TO YELL AT THEM! THAT'LL FIX IT! DARYL DAVIS IS A NAZI! We deserve this.
Yeah we had no idea what the fuck was going on until we saw a black square, instagram really shone a light on this whole thing
SEE!!??!
Remember those morons that died because the floor mat got stuck? They called 911 as they were flying down some highway just completely incapable of doing anything.. Jesus fuck
Look for clickbait titles, quickly look at the like to dislike ratio and compare that to the level of intelligence in the comments.
Oh great the worst fucking YouTube comment is here on reddit now.. Fuck me.
Nah that's in a Cafe, it's a shame we don't have animated protest signs yet because that I could get behind
No it's definitely a real one, they broke in and set up cameras in a real cop car then managed to smash it up for X amount of time in the middle of NYC.
Well the title was obvious hyperbole as the game isn't finished, and, yes, a game still in the alpha stages isn't as fully fleshed out as a finished game made by a tenured studio with the backing of a AAA publisher, you're right
The water looks the best out of the whole scene but there's definitely some odd noise going on
I misread this the first time, my bad dude
The hardware is different and reacts differently to the version they're mainly focusing on, PC. There's a lot more red tape involved in getting the game on to console as there's no competition as far as games market places on PC so the companies lock them down. You can only update your game X amount of times per year (or longer I don't remember) on console without paying a significant fee, unlike on steam where you can update every day for free. So they're making sure they have the game working as well as possible for the console(s, ps4 is being worked on so they don't have to suddenly go back and do it all again in the end, but, obviously playstation doesn't have a WIP program so it won't be released until finished as every update costs a notable amount of money to ship) before releasing it so they're able to push new content rather than bug fix.
Sorry that came across rather negative, I meant it looked good overall and the water looked the best, though going back and rewatching it I can notice one square of water. Looks good anyway
There's always a silver lining
Might I introduce you to the comma? #,
Relatable
I'M CALLING THE FBI!
I don't remember exactly what he said but the dude said something about being able to recover and getting back to skating.
The spotter is at fault, not the skater
It's exponentially better than getting a dog when you don't want it, far less maintenance with a cat
My old cat acted a lot like a dog and the only animal he was ever friends with was an elderly woman's dog that she used to walk past our house. Wasn't raised around dogs at all though, just had that type of wait for you to get home, follow you to school, dog type personality
Yes go outside but also make sure you don't go outside! Why are you like this America?
I'm so glad I'm a cat person, way less repairs involved
That's true cats definitely cause some mayhem, after dealing with a friend's dog though I don't think there's a comparison lol, that dog is an adorable menace
It's also a rather simple game with very little content as far as models and animations and such so the file size would be ideal for mobile
I think you're on to something
Gyro?
It's a useful feature when used sparingly, makes shooters far more precise. I figure typical driving controls with touch and gyro for the same movements of the csr
Then you won't get any better, someone will like the joke even if most don't and if anyone gets upset over a joke then their opinion doesn't matter
They're almost entirely black
You know what your intention was, to hell with anyone else :)
Well there goes the beer money
That's like the Cadillac of cars
This is like the third one posted, they're also getting posted at /r/redneckengineering
Mr brags a lot over here
Can we make love?
Damn that ad on instagram was SO CLOSE to fixing all inequality but they fucked it
"let that sink in" what an easy way to identify wank
Things are finally coming up millhouse!
Best I can surmise is that mostly gets mentioned on twitter and reddit, literally only ever heard it for the former and never heard anyone say it had been used that way up until a couple years ago. Same with ban the word bossy, that shit was mostly used for boys but any kid who was having a tantrum cause they didn't get the toy they wanted or whatever.. Stop coming up with random non problems to complain about you dumb cunts
Pretty certain it did look like that if you watch the video
Compare a British documentary to an American documentary, it's the American TV logic at play
Yanks don't like introspection so hello downvotes
LOL I wonder how many inconsistent fuck heads this will out
It's weird to me that anyone can hate a specific race, that race is human and humans are the problem.. Fuck humans
It wouldn't be anywhere near as hard as you're making it out if you can follow some tutorials and know how to work with plastic or fibreglass
I can't stop talking like myself, also what's a generalisation? EDIT: meant the incoming downvotes, not the few I've had thus far, there's always that margin for retards
Thanks bro I've been working them out
Oh boy this is just all too complicated
Looks about as coherent as something I'd write if I was annoyed, trying to make multiple points and didn't double check what I wrote, so, yeah either a retard or a troll
So it's just Paul walkers all the way down?
I'll pop on round!
Man I don't know enough copy pastas to grab another one within context
Also frustration when you take the bait one day then later realise it's a copy pasta and you're an god damn fish
What if they enjoy stomping on puppies? You want them to stomp enough puppies to feel eternal joy? You sick fuck!
Those are some very strange puppies
If anime was more realistic
Remember everquest ads from like 09 era? Just straight up a random sexy model pasted over some painted fantasy art that pretty much inspired all mobile game devs (Indian teenagers). Ah the golden days of YouTube not thinking everything was terrorism and ads didn't stop the videos you were watching EDIT: nice try YouTube employees
Everywhere other than the UK, Australia and Japan are stupid
Hey, it's still standing isn't it?
Nah the grass is green 0/10
Huh, always thought they were slow for precision
Same, I'm better than most but some are so subtle or I'm distracted by being in a shitty mood or whatever
Do we feel bad because that's just how it's done over there? Or do we laugh at Darwinism at work? I hate thinking
Takes fuck all time to pop it off and test it but this guy's talking out of his ass in other comments so I wouldn't really trust them. It's a thin layer of plastic with some foam to stop it from leaving marks, not gonna deaden much sound (unless some manufacturers have started adding more to them) and from the top unless you have a scoop that attaches to nothing like me (thank you wreckers for not carrying the right parts..) then nothing's going to get in.
Yeah that 10cm difference is going to change everything
It's not the shops fault, it's BMW's shit design.. Oh how the mighty have fallen
It's the apple of cars, spares aren't brave
This is leaps and bounds better than every other yank example I've heard of this same thing, hell even here in aus we don't have to know a damn thing about the car to get our licenses.. Barely have to know how to change lanes
I'm yet to hear anyone complain that a company is trying to stop them from working on their car by adding something tangibly benefitial, just the proprietary and unnecessarily complex designs
Dammit I want to upvote you so bad.. But you added that damn s
Bruh I have 20,000 views on a video get on my level
90% sure it's a dude who used some randoms photos
&gt;Yeah my 2016 bmw comes with some kind of can that you spray in the tyre
Yeah but who cares if someone says something mean, it's just words on a screen said by some random you'll never have to interact with, if anything it just shines a light on humanity and helps people get a thicker skin
But the person feeding the trolls is the idiot and it's fun to laugh at the idiot
I didn't say only BMW had shit design, I pointed out BMW's shit design because they used to be known for making the best cars and while they still do make some good high end cars, for the average consumer they're far from the best choice
You said others said that, I disagreed, now I'm not sure what you're arguing here
Ah so it's shitty design with more shitty design to compensate
This is the first time I've seen a modern ferrari and actually liked the design, silver looks far less shitty than the other colours I've seen on this car
I just now realised they aren't making a game
Just checked, nope, right to repair and a couple annoying covers on a car aren't the same thing.
Thaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaats what I was talking about
10cms aye? Also this discussion already happened
Oh nice, I wonder if this is the sort of thing I could get shipped internationally
Yeah it's got nothing to do with this being a totally unnecessary and seemingly judgemental comment
"someone glued broken ceramic to all my tennis balls! Dammit!"
Entirely irrelevant, everyone fucking knows.. "uhh just so you're aware, not everyone eats meat" same tone to it, g'fuck y'self
A faux cockpit with which to play flight simulators
You Russian? This shit happens there EDIT: look up cannibal corpse's first gig in russia
It's got a lot of signs of a fake, someone filming a person crossing the road, someone driving past getting angry at someone crossing the road, the special forces knowing what was going on from behind without seeing properly, guy hopping into the porsche while the dudes aren't properly restrained. I'm gonna go with 90% likelihood it's fake.
Oh yeah, couldn't possibly be a joke, better take it at face value and add your own perception on to it, that's always the best way of going about it... Men also grow breast tissue due to illness, probably about as common as dudes with implants, should I talk down to people about not having specifically addressed that?
The only expensive "tool" I bought was jack stands. Not fucking around with that shit
That's why I left the margin for error but overall it seems bullshit. Though I'd it is set up/real then that would explain some things. Still doesn't seem properly real
Good thing I live in a militarily pathetic country
Nah baby's suck, the elderly are cute
The Simpson's explained this ages ago
You're not that other guy
I got kicked for explaining that valve removed the ability to change teams
Isn't it typically "my boyfriend sometimes talks to female friends from high school so I'm thinking of leaving him if he won't delete his Facebook, am I making the right decision?"
It's perfectly fine if you plan in advance, only got fucked once in Surry Hills, fuck Surry Hills and its bullshit Dr Zeus crap
Look Sydney up on a map, it won't be any better
If you think that's bad try driving on pcp (fuck it yolo I'm not a cop)
Just get a hotel outside the cbd and train it in
Oh the church Street special
Never seen a highway patrol at a station before. Come to think of it.. Where the fuck do they go?
Thank fuck
Okay you win, Sydney's simple as shit compared
My last road rage thing was at a dude I was apologising to for turning into a one way but couldn't turn around until he got past.. Ah some days I miss that Mr Miyagi cunt
Was trying to figure out why a snake would do this until I noticed that, thank you photoshop guy for not thinking it through
With a body that large it's just a matter of tubs, the big wheels make it easier
[Original was better](https://youtu.be/ieJUP9O9RG8)
We he get it you have feet quit bragging
Not with that attitude
This guy's definitely in on it somewhat
This keeps getting posted... Some company is clearly about to release a new version and wants to drum up business
Humans will lie to save their ass* Whether a cop or some random, they're not to be trusted.. The problem with cops is we're brought up to think of them as infallible do gooders and anyone who says otherwise is a criminal.
As far as the humans are concerned it is however the system surrounding them is very flawed and easily exploitable which the old adage of give someone an inch and they'll take a mile, explains the whole situation perfectly. I feel anyway. George Floyd's death I won't attribute to racism IF the story of the cop being an ex co worker (or something similar) who was a known bully that George had had some words with, I genuinely think it was about power far more than anything else, race may have played some part in it but the cop needing to hold one over anyone would the crux
Unless they deserve it
#OHH YOU WERE BEING SARCASTIC
Aaaaand you didn't trip them over why?
The movie yank highschool cafeteria model seems the most logical step
Dutch, Cantonese, same thing
Lucky mofo, one friend had a miniramp but I never skated it so we skated gutters and a log for the first 5? Years of skating? Maybe longer
OR they're racists?!
Chinaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa
Classic south Park
Have no idea how this genre is popular, I've tried it multiple times and it's one of the worst games I've ever dealt with
Calling it a game seems like a stretch to me, cod mobile, despite being cod, on a touch screen, made by Chinese devs and having some p2w elements, is leaps and bounds more entertaining
Don't be stupid
This is the opposite of close enough
Yeah I don't really believe in friendship as a result
Oh don't tempt me with a good time
NICE TRY STINGRAYS! I WON'T FORGET WHAT YOU DID TO STEVE!
We're all cunts, don't alienate yourself
Dad?
That's how you eat mi goreng which is superior in every way
Mostly for stoners and alcoholics.. I love the stuff
Reddits almost as bad as Twitter with its inconsistency and obvious projected white guilt.. So sick of yank owned sites
Looks like it's about time to ditch this shit hole, back to actual forums like when the internet didn't suck
Now when you say child porn, what?
That's been the case for years, consistency based in reality, someone came up with something on a whim and you can't question it or you're the next Charles manson
I haven't thought of a better design but it seems overly complex to me
Careful, this is the next one. I've it my not entirely white foot out there door. Absolute cesspool EDIT: I've got my not entirely white foot*
