Not my quote. Apparently it's a Chinese proverb.
Completely agreed. We can and should find ways to address the housing crisis without paving over the province’s best farmland. Opening up the ALR for development is just an easy way out, and a short-sighted one, in my opinion.
Is the jury selected from people in Washington DC? A lot of black people live there...
Most Americans don't really need to know (though it would be nice if they did), but anyone running to be the President of the United States definitely should.
Food seems to be a lot cheaper at Tim Hortons. And maybe the Tim Hortons is in a convenient location for them, and Starbucks isn't? There are lots of possible reasons why someone might go to Tim Hortons instead of Starbucks.
That's % support in the polls, not the projected number of seats. 4% is roughly the same as their share of the popular vote in 2015.
&gt; It's amazing what a 30 billion dollar deficit can buy you. 17.8 billion actually, just FYI. 30 billion was an early projection assuming weak economic numbers (very low oil prices, etc.), and it didn't turn out that way. &gt;**Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau’s government recorded a deficit of $17.8 billion in its first full fiscal year**, beating budget projections by $5.3 billion largely on the back of lower-than-expected program spending, new figures show. &gt;The Finance Department’s Annual Financial Report, published Tuesday, showed program expenses for the fiscal year that ended March 31 were $3.7 billion lower than forecast in the government budget earlier this year. Revenues were $1.4 billion higher than projected. http://business.financialpost.com/news/economy/newsalert-ottawa-says-federal-deficit-for-2016-17-was-17-8-billion-2
That's hilarious
That's basically the approach that Justin Trudeau took in 2015, and it worked out very well for him (his party went from 35 seats to 185 seats, and won a majority government). It was one of his early announcements (grassroots Liberal party members indicated their support for legalization in 2012, and then Trudeau announced it as official party policy in 2014), so everyone heard about it. But when the actual 2015 election campaign started, but it wasn't emphasized that much in the actual campaign messaging, and instead they highlighted other issues. For example, his campaign's TV ads and flyers would focus on getting the economy back on track, cutting taxes for middle class and raising taxes on the rich, investing more in transportation infrastructure, and so on. From what I saw, they rarely focused on marijuana. And IMO that was smart, because with a hot-button issue like that, you want to motivate those who support it, without firing up those who oppose it. By simply having it in their platform, those who strongly *support* legalization would hear about it one way or another, even those who don't follow politics very closely (through word-of-mouth, through the internet, etc.), and could vote with that in mind. For example, at Vancouver's 4/20 pot rally in 2015 (which attracts thousands of pot-smokers every year), there was a [giant banner with Trudeau's face](https://www.straight.com/files/v3/styles/gs_large/public/galleries/15/04/vanpot7.jpg?itok=a4bCWhiI), encouraging people to vote for Trudeau to get legalization. Meanwhile, those who were opposed would probably be aware of it but they weren't being constantly reminded about it, so they might still decide to vote Liberal based on other issues. I presume they also didn't want to make it seem like it was their #1 priority, and that Trudeau was out of touch with the issues that the public cared most about (economy, infrastructure, etc). When asked about it in debates or interviews, Trudeau would say that prohibition has failed Canada because our children have nearly the highest rates of marijuana usage in the world, and that it should be legalized and regulated, to "keep pot out of the hands of children, and keep profits out of the hands of criminals". That was the basic messaging he used, and he never went far beyond that; he never tried to downplay its harms or say it's not as dangerous as people think, he just said that prohibition failed and legalization would work better. Plus, simply having the issue on the table caused the Conservative Party to make some unforced errors. For example, Stephen Harper (the prime minister at the time) said in an interview that "marijuana is infinitely worse than tobacco", and it made him sound really ignorant and out of touch. And for their part, the Conservatives actually didn't talk that much about marijuana during the campaign, because they seemed to realize that it was a tricky one that could divide their support base. Instead, they focused on targeting anti-marijuana ads to specific communities they believed were against it. So anyway, long story short, the Liberal Party of Canada's 2015 campaign is one that the Democrats should look to for some lessons, if they try to run an election in 2018 or 2020 with marijuana legalization in their platform. And since it'll be legalized in Canada in summer 2018, I wonder if that'll change the political dynamics in the US at all. I'm interested to see.
Right, so the argument to make is that "prohibition is harmful and ineffective", not that "weed is harmless" (because that can be disproven).
I think you misunderstand what Statistics Canada means by those terms (which is probably a common mistake). * Employment Rate = % of the adult population that is employed. The "adult population" considered here includes people in the Labour Force (workers and those looking for work) as well as those outside the Labour Force (retirees, students, stay at home parents, or anyone else). * Unemployment Rate = % of the *Labour Force* that is unemployed. The work force consists only of people who have a job, or people who are looking for a job. It does not include retirees, stay at home parents, or other people who don't want to work right now. That's why those two numbers don't add up to 100% (if that was your concern), it's because they're measuring different things. Unemployment rate only includes people who want to work, whereas employment rate (in this context) includes everybody, including people who retired 20 years ago. I can understand why that would be confusing though, especially since those terms aren't defined anywhere on that webpage. The employment rate is generally somewhere in the 60-65% range, and the unemployment rate is generally somewhere in the 5-10% range. For December, the numbers are: * Adult Population - 30,058,900 * Employment - 18,647,500 18,647,500/30,058,900 = 0.62, so we get an employment rate of 62.0% * Labour Force - 19,777,900 * Unemployment - 1,130,400 1,130,400/19,777,900 = 0.057, so we get an unemployment rate of 5.7%
Statscan didn't screw up, the OP just misunderstood how the categories are calculated. See my other post in response to theirs, explaining how it works.
You might have a point, if one side of Canada's political spectrum advocated gassing the Jews.
Indeed, and according to the Supreme Court, reforming the Senate (to switch to elected senators, for example) requires 7/10 provinces with over 50% of population. And abolishing the Senate? It requires 10/10 provinces agreeing. That'll make it *very* unlikely. Small Atlantic provinces (especially PEI) are overrepresented in the Senate, so they would have no reason to support abolition, unless they're offered something else very nice in return. Plus, once you open the constitution to make one change, everybody's gonna start making other demands. It would probably turn into a big mess, and after the 1980s/early 1990s, Canadians mostly aren't interested in having more constitutional squabbles.
&gt;They're rewarded for their party fundraising efforts. That's historically been the main reason, yeah. The good news is that there was enough public outrage over Harper's appointees and the Duffy scandal, etc., that Trudeau has now implemented a more merit-based process, where an independent panel recommends a non-partisan short-list of candidates, and then the PM picks from the short-list. We'll see how that goes in the long term, but so far it looks like a real step in the right direction.
&gt; The Green Party probably doesn't attract too many potential candidates Especially in a rural Alberta riding like this, I would imagine. Beggars can't be choosers. But then again, if your only option is a holocaust denier, best not to run any candidate at all.
That's pretty hilarious. "Let us Stick to our Old Mother Country, Great Britain, the TRUE Land of the Brave and Home of the Free!!" "Let us never change the Union Jack for the Canadian Beaver!!"
&gt;Um, shoulda said "unemployment rate hits 41-year HIGH". 5.7% is the lowest it's been in 41 years. It's not that complicated. 8 years ago the unemployment rate was nearly 9%. &gt;We would love it if the jobless rate dipped to a record low. It did, and we do love it. https://tradingeconomics.com/canada/unemployment-rate See the graph of Canada's unemployment rate over time (click on "Max" to see the last 50 years). The last time we had an unemployment rate below 5.7%, was in the mid-1970s.
&gt;Haters in the Fake News Media (tune in for next week's awards show) said it was impossible, but I have helped Canada to reach RECORD LOW unemployment rates. When Mexico pays for the wall, maybe I will lower their unemployment too. Making North America Great Again! #MNAGA
I read in Politico that he might try to run for the Senate by running in the California primaries against Dianne Feinstein (assuming she runs for re-election). Governor as another possibility. In an interview, he basically said he's tired of sitting on the sidelines and donating to causes or political candidates, hoping it'll lead to change. He was saying he now wants to get into politics and try to make change directly. It's pretty clear from his track record that he cares a lot about environmental issues, which is important to me, so my impression of him is very positive.
A primary challenge against Senator Feinstein might be a possibility. https://www.politico.com/story/2017/10/10/california-democrats-feinstein-progressives-243649 &gt;...On Twitter, some of the party’s leftist activists began marshaling the hashtag #DraftReich, but also circulated names of other people they’re hoping could be drafted for a primary contest against Feinstein — including progressive Democrat Rep. Ted Lieu, a regular tormentor of Trump on Twitter, and CNN political commentator Van Jones. **Other Democrats looking at a potential primary challenge include wealthy Orange County progressive businessman Joseph Sanberg and billionaire environmentalist Tom Steyer.**
He’s better at Centre
I've read too many of them...
The data gets published by Statistics Canada every month of every year, so there's nothing unusual about its release. Currently we're in January, so December is the most recent data available, in February we see the January data, etc. But yes, that is a big minimum wage hike, so in a few months it'll be interesting to see what kind of impact that has.
What are you talking about? Hard facts about what? And what's wrong with having feelings? They're a pretty huge part of how we experience this world.
&gt; I’m surprised the William Street option is not being more seriously considered. What this city won’t do to protect a little green space I guess. Yeah that's too bad, seems like a good option IMO. The National route starts really close to Terminal (and far from Hastings), so it's not great spacing of the arterial streets. Plus that route would have some extra turns in the middle of False Creek Flats. And the Malkin route would apparently be disruptive to a lot of food production facilities, where the trucks currently use the street for loading. Maybe there's a way to change their operations and make that work, I don't know, but that's a concern. William Street would have sliced a park into two pieces, which is unfortunate, but still probably the best option. And it would be about halfway between Hastings and Terminal.
Worth noting that this project is for different reasons than the viaduct removal, and they would probably still make this change even if the viaducts weren't being removed. From what I can tell, this project is mainly due to the re-activation of the rail line in East Van. If I recall from a map I saw a while ago, Adanac, Prior, and Cordova are the only remaining streets that still cross the tracks. Hastings goes over the tracks, and they recently built a new Powell street overpass over the tracks. So now they want to build a new overpass over the tracks for a new arterial street through False Creek Flats, so that they can close down the crossings at Prior street and Adanac (which I believe would have a new bike-and-pedestrian overpass). And then they'll probably close off Cordova at that crossing as well, or maybe build an overpass, I'm not sure. Haven't seen anything about that. That way, once everything's done, the rail line doesn't intersect with any streets, so there's minimal risk of people/cars getting hit by trains, and no more traffic jams from waiting for trains to pass.
At least they'll have more seats on committees, so they'll have more opportunities to provide input on policies that way. And with more members, they'll be more effective as critics on each file, compared to if 1 MLA is the critic responsible for holding the government to account on every single file.
&gt; not to mention his protesting unique status for Quebec I believe you're thinking of Michael Chong, not Scheer. Chong is the one who resigned from Harper's cabinet, when they declared Quebec a nation within Canada in 2006. Unless you're referring to something different?
&gt; her record of sky high hydro rates and **raising taxes and fees** that directly affect those very workers in a significant way Do you have anything in particular in mind here?
What has their response been?
Some Conservatives didn't like Michael Chong and called him a "fake conservative" because he supports carbon taxes, but I genuinely think he would have been their best option. He seemed to have a good head on his shoulders, and was still conservative on most issues, while being more appealing to potential swing-voters outside the conservative base. Andrew Scheer isn't terrible, but policy-wise he's incredibly similar to Harper, and most Canadians probably aren't ready to return to that so soon.
No worries.
&gt;It's our party not yours. I know, I didn't vote in the leadership race or anything, just sharing my thoughts on a discussion forum. And this is just anecdotal, but among the centre-right former Conservatives that I know (people who voted Tory in 2008 or 2011 but not in 2015), most of them wanted Chong to win the leadership. It's fine if you don't want my vote (I'm centre-left and never voted Conservative yet), but to win, your party will need to win over some of the voters they lost in 2015. &gt; Even if you would have voted for him, his positions put the party at risk of fracturing if he would have won. Yes, that would have been the biggest risk of having him as leader. High-risk, high-reward. Andrew Scheer was the safe choice, and there are certain times in politics where safe pays off, but there are others when you need to take a gamble. Choosing Trudeau as leader was a huge gamble for the Liberals in 2013, but he turned out way better than I expected by 2015, and it paid off, with the party going from 3rd to 1st. With Trudeau's government being new and strong in the polls, it was probably a good time for the Tories to take a gamble, but who knows. We'll see how things unfold.
&gt;All of that can be accomplished without people in the legislature though. Not nearly as effectively. People in the back-office don't get seats on committees. And a person in a back-office has very little perceived legitimacy when the public reads quotes from them, compared to a party's official critic, who has been elected. And how well-funded is their back-office really going to be? It's hard to fundraise when you have virtually no elected representatives.
Basically, yeah, but I think it's more about the traffic blockages that trains cause (not as much about cars driving around the gates). My understanding (from what I recall from a presentation I heard a year or two ago), the rail company reactivated that rail line, and plans to increase the number of trains going up and down that line. The city wants to avoid having them block traffic, on major routes in the city, so their long term plan is to build overpasses, so that the trains won't have to cross any major streets.
We weren't talking about the Liberals either, but that didn't stop you.
I'm surprised this is the first time ever, that's pretty interesting.
Where do you propose the money comes from? Which programs would be cut/replaced?
If the goal is to specifically help those incapable of working, then a UBI doesn't seem like the appropriate tool to address it. Why not just increase benefits specifically for those incapable of working, instead of also throwing money at everybody else?
Then why not just advocate for increased disability payments to those who need them, instead than advocating *universal* payments to everybody, including people like me who have incomes and don't need them? That just it makes it way more expensive and less likely to actually happen.
Well the economic impact of raising minimum wages is mixed, with some positives and some negatives. Higher wages are a challenge for businesses, but they also increase people's incentive to work, lead to healthier and happier employees, and increase consumer spending, which is good economically. In economics there's no clear evidence on whether or not minimum wage increases hurt overall job growth and economic growth, as some studies have found that they do, and some found that they don't. With corporate tax increases, it's inherently lowering the companies' profits and return-on-investment, so you could argue that a large tax hike would make Canada a less desirable place to invest and locate businesses, especially for industries that compete globally. That's a negative for the economy. Now the positive side of corporate taxes is that they generate revenue, which can be used in useful ways. In this case they would fund a generous minimum income, which would be helpful for the recipients but actually reduces their incentives to work (and thus likely reduce Canada's labour force), which would have some negative impacts on the economy overall. TL;DR: lower wages, and higher benefits to those not working, would discourage labour force participation to some extent, which is negative for the economy. From the business side, they benefit from the lower wages, but would be hurt by having higher taxes and less workers available.
&gt; Why do you think it's appropriate for the "incentive to work" to be the threat of starvation and homelessness? That's kind of a reality throughout most of human history, isn't it? Unless you and your community produce things to provide for yourselves (or to trade with other communities), you won't last long. Somebody needs to work and produce things, or else we'll all starve or end up homeless. And if I don't provide anything for others, why would they continue to provide for me? We as a society can provide benefits for a certain number of people, without expecting them to work, by having everyone else work a little more to make up for it. But we can't do that for everyone. Somebody has to work, and produce the goods and services that people need to survive, and enjoy their lives. &gt;And the people who do keep working, I suspect the vast majority, will be engaged in interesting, productive work rather than a pointless job. If there's little incentive to work, who's going to do the jobs that aren't comfortable, fun, engaging, or interesting? You seem to associate "interesting" jobs with "productive" here, but there are a lot of essential jobs that are important (certainly not "pointless") but not very interesting or enjoyable. Who's going to work construction outside in the rain and cold? Who's going to clean our buildings, and sweep our streets? Who's going to fix our toilets? Who's going to slaughter the animals that people like to eat, and clean up their shit? Who's going to work in the fields, harvesting food for people that they'll never meet? Who's going to sit outside a construction site all night as a security guard? People generally do these jobs for the paycheck, and we're fortunate that they do. &gt;People who may choose to live in the dole could still: volunteer, entertain, raise children, go to school, etc all without creating debt or fearing that they might starve to death Would you be open to making these helpful activities (volunteer work, parenting, etc.) a mandatory condition, in order to receive a guaranteed income? (with exemptions for those incapable of doing anything)
Right, but the UBI is way more expensive than a program targeted at those groups in need, because it also funds those of us who aren't in need (the middle class, the affluent).
The difference between Trump and Clinton winning was about 100,000 votes across 3 key states. When it’s that close, any number of things going differently would have tipped the outcome, considering a 1% vote swung towards Clinton and she would have won. So I think all of the factors you mention probably contributed (to varying degrees), and without any one of them, it might have tipped the balance in her favour. But we’ll never know for sure, there’s no going back in time and trying again unfortunately.
Oh I absolutely agree with you then. Russian interference may have pushed Trump past the finish line, but he shouldn't have been that close to the finish line in the first place. There's things the Clinton campaign should have done differently, and there's issues with the electoral system that should be addressed, *and* there need to be efforts to prevent foreign meddling in the future.
&gt; Then why not fund charging stations directly? They already do (and should continue to do so IMO). They've been partnering with provincial governments to fund a network of Level 3 charging stations (480 V), which can charge an EV in 20-30 minutes. I believe those cost about $50K to $100K each. Hopefully they'll expand their efforts with the new Zero Emission Vehicle Strategy (supposed to be released later in 2018).
Agreed, though I think it’s more productive to focus on urban rail within cities (and suburbs), rather than focusing on high speed rail between cities.
Can you (or someone) explain how that works? Thanks.
0 seats for the Bloc eh? That’s the biggest surprise for me, but I guess it makes sense if the Liberals win the popular vote by such a large margin in Quebec.
All of the NPA councillors also voted against the Empty Homes Tax, and say they want to eliminate it.
&gt; Remember when Olympic Village was supposed to become affordable housing instead of a yuppie hub? Gregor started as mayor in December 2008. Didn't the Olympic Village deals all happen during Sam Sullivan's term as mayor, 2005 to 2008?
Hard to say. Without a good mayoral candidate, they could be in trouble this year. But I think if they find a good candidate (though I'm not exactly sure who...), they could be fine, simply because I don't see a clear path to victory for the other parties: NPA or the Greens (if they even run a mayoral candidate). As much as everyone always claims to hate Vision between elections, people tend to gravitate back to them on election day, because their policies occupy the centre-left middle ground of Vancouver's political spectrum quite well, with a mix of policies that makes it hard to present a compelling alternative. The Vancouver Greens' general anti-development platform (no densification, no Broadway subway, etc.) seems a little ill-fit for the times. On the other hand, the Green "brand" is as strong as ever (with Weaver's success in provincial politics) and they did very well in the recent school board election, so with some tinkering to their policies, maybe they could surprise. Meanwhile the NPA seems to be at a bit of an identity crisis. Its base is single-family home owners in affluent neighbourhoods, but their newest councillor ran on densifying single-family home neighbourhoods. Maybe that's a winning strategy, or maybe it would jeopardize their base support, if a mayoral candidate runs on that. But without something bold like that, their platform is similar to 2011 and 2014: "kinda like Vision, but with lower property taxes, less bike lanes, and more consultations". That doesn't really seem like a big enough draw. And I can't imagine any other party making a serious bid for mayor without having anyone on council, unless it's an individual who is already well-known in the city. But one way or another, Vancouver city council is getting a major refresh. The 3 highest-profile Vision members are out (Geoff Meggs left to work for the BC NDP, Andrea Reimer and Gregor Robertson aren't running again). And the highest-profile NPA member is out (George Affleck isn't running again). So both parties will have new de-facto leaders.
For the NPA, supposedly Kirk LaPointe (the 2014 candidate), Hector Bremner (new councillor), and Wai Young (former Conservative MP) are all in the mix, hoping to run. That's based on a Frances Bula article in the Globe from a couple months ago. For Vision, I have no idea. Among the current councillors, Raymond Louie seems the most likely to run (he lost the nomination race to Gregor in 2008). But maybe they can find a good outside candidate. And maybe Adrianne Carr will run for the Greens.
&gt; The NPA is in disarray after their board got hijacked by a minor party Can you elaborate about that? Is that the guy from the Cedar Party or something?
Very possible, I'm not sure. I think I saw a tweet about it when it happened, but I didn't see any news coverage, so I completely forgot about it until now... EDIT: here's the one link I could find from googling: http://thebreaker.news/news/shocker-at-npa-board-election/ &gt;Mark Marissen’s bid to gain control of the NPA board was thwarted. &gt;The party with the monogrammed grape logo held its last pre-election annual general meeting Nov. 28 at the Hellenic Community Centre. The meeting featured an election for eight seats on the board of directors. &gt;Seven of the eight were snagged by members of a small business slate associated with Glen Chernen, the former Cedar Party leader who lost the NPA by-election nomination to Hector Bremner. &gt;... &gt;Elected to three-year terms were: David Mawhinney (nightclub operator); Franco Peta (salon owner); Federico Fuoco (restaurateur); Eli Konorti (management consultant); and incumbents Greg Baker (2014 city council candidate and son of longtime councillor Jonathan Baker) and Terry Yung (police officer and husband of park board commissioner Sarah Kirby-Yung). &gt;Commercial appraiser Michael Lount won the two-year term seat. &gt;Restaurateur Marinos Anagnostopoulos was the only unsuccessful member of the slate. Results for the under-40 seat may be contested, based on the age of some voters. &gt;...
&gt; Good question, but he said he's done with politics Hmm are you sure? In the quotes I read, he said he's done at the moment but can't comment on the future, because he's too focused on the next 10 months as mayor, and hasn't had a chance to think about it yet.
So an environmentalist mayor may have received donations from an environmental group that he used to work for? That's the big scandal? His environmental policies were front and centre in his campaigns ("Greenest City 2020"), they really weren't something he surprised us with. His three election wins were a clear mandate to go ahead with those policies.
In what way did he fail to fulfil the duties of the mayor? What do you think the duties of the mayor are?
In 2015 he wrote an open letter to Christy Clark asking her to put a surtax luxury homes, and asking her to give Vancouver the power to tax property speculators. She said "no", and said it's important to continue "protecting the equity of existing homeowners — not just simply raising more taxes for government". &gt;Premier Christy Clark has thrown cold water on Vancouver Mayor Gregor Robertson’s call for extraordinary tax measures to cool speculation in the housing market, saying they could wipe out billions of dollars in peoples’ home equity. &gt;...The premier’s letter, dated Thursday, is a response to a letter from Robertson. &gt;In it, **the mayor argued that wealthy investors in luxury housing and property speculators are a driving force behind the escalation in housing prices. He asked the province to consider a tax on luxury homes, to penalize speculators who flip properties for profit and to give the city tools to fine property owners who keep units empty for investment purposes.** http://www.vancouversun.com/homes/Christy+Clark+says+housing+investors/11110081/story.html Now back to your post... &gt;Gregor Robertson did the most damage to the city by claiming foreign demand was not an issue affecting housing Can you provide a single source or a quote for that? &gt;and anyone who thought that it was must be racist. ...or that?
Good and bad is subjective in politics, but here are things that I would say they did right: * Empty homes tax (2017 was its first year, because the BC government only granted them the power to implement one in August 2016, but it might help the city's housing woes. This spring is the first time people will be paying it, and it may encourage owners of empty homes to rent them out) * Expanding the cycling network (bike lanes can be controversial, but they give people another transportation option, which wasn't as safe or comfortable 10 years ago, and the sharp increase in cycling shows they've gotten results) * Purchasing the Arbutus Corridor for the city (a new walking and cycling path through the city, which might someday accommodate transit as well) * Establishing a bike-share system (it works well, gets good ridership numbers, and is intended to expand further over time) * Creating more public gathering spaces downtown (Robson Square, Jim Deva Plaza, etc.), and allowing parklets (where a business can replace a street parking space with a patio or seating) * Allowing more density around rapid transit, like along the Cambie Corridor (this is a bit of a no brainer) * Passing a new housing strategy to allow more density and housing options in single-family neighbourhoods (they should have done this sooner, but better late than never. The city probably would have revolted if they tried to do this 5 years ago - back then, lots of people were complaining that Vision allows too much development - so they waited until it became politically possible) * Requiring developers to include electric vehicle charging infrastructure in parking lots of new developments (it's a forward-thinking policy that will pay off down the road, when more people drive EVs). Vancouver's building code requires this, while the BC building code still doesn't In short, I think he and his councils did very well in terms of environmental issues and promoting sustainable transportation, and decent in terms of urban planning. In terms of addressing the housing crisis, not good, although I'm not entirely sure what they even should have done. At the city-level, they didn't really have the tools to address foreign demand or speculation, whereas the provincial government did (and does). I think the main thing they should have done differently on housing, would be to call much more attention to the issue, and be more bold about demanding that the province (or federal government) do something.
&gt; receiving foreign money is the scandal Can you point out the specific part of your link that shows that? Maybe it's in there somewhere, but it's hard to find. And on the plus side, donations from corporations, charities, etc. are no longer allowed in any future elections.
&gt; Every Red State piece I've seen linked was still deeply right wing, you know, Brietbart-esque? It's not a website I frequent, but from what I have seen/heard, my impression is that it's still firmly right-wing, but unlike most other right-wing media, it recognized and acknowledged that Trump is a moron who is completely unsuitable for the presidency.
&gt; maybe a $20 minimum wage, Are you serious? They just raised it from roughly $11 to $14, which was already a very large increase, and it's scheduled to increase to $15 next year. How about waiting and seeing how that pans out, before doing another even larger increase?
In my opinion? Decent. I understand the reasons why some don't like him as mayor, and there are definitely valid criticisms, but personally I think he did reasonably well.
&gt;It's not bad. I'm in huge favour of bike lanes until you start using them as a destructive weapon. 10th Ave bike lane is good. Nelson and smithe bike lanes are horrible. Those were the fastest roads to get to downtown and are now a parking lot. Four lanes turned into two. I bike a fair bit, and generally support the bike lanes they've installed. Burrard bridge, Dunsmuir, Hornby, Beatty... I think those were all good ideas. They're safe and comfortable to ride on, and they offer useful connections in the cycling network, and the car traffic seems to have adapted fine as well. But Nelson and Smithe are definitely the most questionable ones they've installed, and I totally understand why drivers don't like them. (I've both biked and driven on them) Those two streets are obviously very busy for cars, and the kicker is that those particular bike lanes aren't even that great for bikes either. The Smithe bike lane has half-block sections where the bikes mix with cars turning right off Smithe (which there are lots of), so that's annoying for both bikes and cars. And the Nelson bike lane is downhill and also really narrow,. So it hasn't really become that popular of a route for cyclists. So long story short, I think those two weren't a good idea as they're bad for drivers and not helpful enough for cyclists to warrant those impacts. I think they're the worst bike lanes in the city, and pretty much all of the other ones are better (less issues for drivers, and more helpful for cyclists) and were worthwhile.
A rapid $9 increase certainly is.
Social and biological factors both contribute to differences, which I think most would agree with? The first sentence (which I think you’re quoting) seems to be saying that. It’s saying that social factors are *a* source of differences (not just biological ones). I don’t think it’s meant to say that social ones are the only source (though it should have been worded more clearly).
Is that high or low for a province like Ontario? How much do they spend on school construction/repairs in an average year?
But additional revenue is needed in order to fund that “massive investment in transit”. So that leaves us at an impasse: no tolls or fees until we have more transit, but no transit expansion until we have additional tolls/fees/taxes to pay for it... Or alternatively, we could just go ahead with both?
Yeah I see what you’re saying and agree, I just think they worded it poorly, and may not have meant it that way.
Seizing property from wealthy landowners doesn’t usually qualify as “conservative”...
&gt;It will be a tax and spend system like any other. "Tax and spend" is the idea, yes. It works a lot better than spending without taxing. Are you opposed to any increased revenue to fund transit expansion, or just this particular source? The population is continuing to grow here, so if we don't expand our transit system, I really don't see what the end-game is.
It is kind of the opposite yeah, but part of their rationale was that the bridge tolls were unfair because they targeted people in Surrey and Langley. If they follow through with this, it would probably be a lower cost but spread across more people (ie. not just people crossing the Fraser).
&gt; &gt; If we went over to Europe and started telling people that we were considering a congestion charge for a city with about a million people, they laugh us off their continent Stockholm, Sweden has less people than Vancouver (2.2M vs 2.5M for the Metro areas), and it has a congestion charge system (first implemented in 2006). https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Stockholm_congestion_tax
Sure, and if we want less congested roads, how do we get there? In urban areas, you'd need to have people driving less. You could accomplish that through more transit, more housing near transit/urban areas, and more incentives not to drive (ie. road pricing/tolls). Any other suggestions that would be effective long term?
&gt;Hope it's not Global news prediction of 4 cents a km. $1.60 for a 40km drive (eg. Langley to downtown Vancouver)? I'm pretty sure there are non-Uber drivers who can afford that. I mean, that's only 50% of the price people were paying to cross the Port Mann Bridge (~$3.00), until recently. And most people have much shorter commutes than 40km. Someone who commutes New West to North Van (for example), would be paying $0.80 each way. It's not that high a price to pay, especially if it means less traffic (and better transit and roads long-term, which is badly needed).
For many people, renting until they become a Permanent Resident could be fine. The main issue I can see is executives or other high-paid professions, thinking of moving here from elsewhere, and wanting the stability of owning a place (especially if they have a family). For example, I once worked for a company, and they did a big management shuffle, where our regional manager left Vancouver to go work at the company HQ, and our office brought in an American guy who previously managed the company's Seattle office. I don't know whether he bought or rented when he got here, but he very well may have bought. If he weren't allowed to buy a place here, he could have been less inclined to uproot his life to come here, and the company might have had to choose a less-qualified candidate for the job. Another example is that the Vancouver Canucks would probably have a difficult time attracting European or American players to sign here, if they wouldn't be allowed to buy a home here (whereas in any other North American city, they could). And it would be similar for other high-paying professions. I don't know how big of an issue that would be, but it could pose issues and make Vancouver a less desirable for businesses to operate.
Thanks man. And for what it's worth, I think you're one of the more level-headed people on here, which is appreciated in a subreddit like this, which has a tendency to devolve into hysteria on certain topics haha.
&gt; Discount gasoline taxes in step with carbon taxes Apparently New Brunswick wants to do that, and the federal government is saying "no", because it has to be an incremental increase, or something like that.
It is illegal now, but it wasn’t at the time of the by-election. Vancouver city council has been unanimously requesting a ban on corporate donations for years, but only the provincial government had the power to change campaign finance rules. After the BC NDP formed government this summer, corporate and union donations were banned within a few months.
Indeed, and hopefully for every election after that (unless the province changes the rules, but I imagine the optics of that would be very bad).
That only works if the people are willing to re-elect them. If the people think it's too opportunistic, and don't like it, then they can vote for someone else. In Alberta, the Conservatives were in power for power for 40 straight years. Then in 2015, their premier (leader of provincial government) called an early election, 3 years into a 4 year term, because he thought his party was in a good position to win another majority. That pissed a lot of voters off, so instead they elected a left-wing NDP government for the first time ever.
I actually think this promise (BC Hydro rate freeze) was one of the worst ideas they proposed. It didn't make any sense. So while it's not good for politicians to make promises and then break them, I do prefer to see them break their bad promises, rather than the good ones.
Pretty sure that’s not true, but feel free to provide a source. A few months ago there was data showing that the decrease on bridges like Patullo or Alex Fraser was small, like maybe 5%, whereas the Port Mann and Golden Ears had much larger increases, like 20% or so. I’ll try to find the link later today.
It’s true. If the NDP wins the by-election, the seat count would be: 42 NDP 41 Liberal 3 Green 1 speaker If the BC Liberals win (which is likely, since it’s a safe riding for them), then it’s 41 NDP and 42 Liberal. In either scenario, the Greens hold the balance of power.
Double-check your info, the BC government said there will be both public and private sales, and I don’t recall them saying it would be sold with liquor.
&gt;An informal poll of those at the luncheon showed 54 per cent believe no one party will win a majority in the next Vancouver election. Around 35 per cent picked the NPA to win with only eight per cent predicting a victory for Vision. That part is interesting.
What's your point, in providing that map? Most of those rivers don't have over 1 million people living just downstream.
Lots of middle class people in Metro Vancouver don't own homes (especially if they're relatively young, and couldn't buy property 10+ years ago). &gt;Also, middle class is a pretty loosely defined but generally includes people with a professional position earning well over 100k. **Think doctors and lawyers and buisness owners. That's what is considered 'middle class'.** I guess we all have different definitions, but I think those occupations should be "upper middle class", or in some cases "upper class" (if they're earning over $150K, they're in the top 2% of income-earners in BC). "Middle class" should be people making closer to the median income, not 3x the median income.
**Most important issues facing BC:** * Housing, poverty and homelessness - 50% * Economy/jobs - 12% * Health care - 12% * Environment - 6% * Education - 4% * Crime / public safety - 4% **Political leaders approval/disapproval ratings:** * John Horgan (BC NDP leader) - 53% approve, 31% disapprove * Andrew Weaver (BC Green leader) - 45% approve, 32% disapprove * Rich Coleman (BC Liberal interim leader) - 19% approve, 32% disapprove **More for John Horgan specifically, based on people's votes in 2017:** * Among BC Liberal voters - 31% approve, 59% disapprove * Among BC NDP voters - 81% approve, 10% disapprove * Among BC Green voters - 64% approve, 25% disapprove
Conference Board of Canada?
Last week the federal government announced $750 million in funding for clean technology development.
The names interested in running for mayor under the NPA: &gt;**(New city councillor) Hector Bremner** is regarded as bright, but possibly overconfident for a rookie. And hours after Mr. Robertson resigned, **2014 NPA candidate Kirk Lapointe** posted on Facebook that he is being encouraged to run and is weighing his options. **Former Tory MP Wai Young** is an ideological outlier who carries baggage from dubious endorsements she received during her last federal run. **Glen Chernen**, one of the prime movers behind the Cedar Party in the 2014 election, has announced he too will seek the NPA mayoral nomination. And potential left-leaning candidates mentioned: &gt;The hunt is already on for an independent leader palatable to everyone on the centre-left, someone such as Mike Harcourt, who won in 1980 and again in 1984. Names flying around include **VanCity CEO Tamara Vrooman, YWCA CEO Janet Austin, NDP MP Don Davies, NDP MLA Spencer Chandra Herbert and Shauna Sylvester, director of SFU's Centre for Dialogue.**
Hmm interesting point. Assuming the BC Liberals win the by-election in Kelowna, it'll be: 42 BC Liberal 41 BC NDP (down to 40 if Spencer Chandra Herbert left) 3 BC Green plus 1 speaker (former BC Liberal) who doesn't vote So if he did leave provincial politics, it would definitely make things more difficult for the NDP (since they'd only have a 1 vote margin, even with the Greens supporting them). But assuming nothing else went wrong, they could survive that for a few months, until holding a by-election (where they'd surely elect another NDP MLA, considering it's the West End). Definitely not ideal for the NDP, but perhaps not the end of the world, depending how long he'd be out of the legislature for, before they called a by-election. And if he won, they'd have a close ally in the mayor's seat.
&gt; The NPA loves bike lanes If they do, they have an odd way of showing it, considering they vote against bike lane proposals almost every time.
&gt; Nothing even comes close to being as important as killing the carbon tax if we want to keep at least a few of these in this country. &gt;... &gt;Bottom line is that right now the biggest threat facing youth in this country is the carbon tax. What's the basis for this claim? Did unemployment rise when BC implemented a carbon tax? Or when Alberta implemented a carbon tax? Or when Ontario and Quebec implemented cap-and-trade systems? In fact, unemployment rates have been falling in all of those provinces, which each implemented some form of carbon pricing. I'm not attributing that positive trend to the carbon tax, but it's pretty clear that carbon pricing isn't having the disastrous impacts on job creation that you claim it is.
Paywall... any chance you could post the whole article?
Thanks!
They’re responsible for a majority of sulfur emissions, but not greenhouse gas emissions (like CO2 or methane) which is what we’re usually talking about, and are concerned about when it comes to climate change. There’s a Daily Mail article that blows up on Reddit about once a year, which says that 50 ships produce more emissions than all of the world’s cars combined. But it’s only referring to sulfur emissions, which kinda makes it a pointless fact, considering that cars produce almost no sulfur emissions, and it’s the carbon emissions that we’re worried about there. That said, ships are still a significant source of emissions (even if they’re not the #1 contributor), so reducing that would be a very good thing.
You think r/Canadapolitics is a cesspool? Really? It’s one of the most respectful places for political discussion that I’ve ever seen on Reddit, and has a good mix of perspectives. Very different from r/Canada Edit: never mind, if you were actually referring to r/Canadianpolitics. I didn’t realize that’s a different subreddit, and looking now, it seems to mostly be one guy called “Arrest Hillary Now”, posting repeatedly about muslims.
Is Main Street doing all 10 provinces right now? I like it. Provincial polls are too rare.
To be clear, I didn't say they produce sulfur but not CO2 - they produce both. My point was that they don't produce the *majority* of CO2 emissions (which is a myth that gets around). Yes, the shipping industry's fuel combustion definitely creates CO2, and same with any other fossil fuels. No disagreement there. And I would definitely like to see that industry get cleaner.
Yeah I think it makes more sense for a strong candidate on the centre-left to run as an independent. Personally I like Vision (for the most part), but they've been in power for 10 years and lots of people are tired of them. And with campaign donations limited now, having a party behind a candidate is probably not as necessary (as long as they can get enough media attention and name recognition).
This link also includes the recent polling about the BC political parties (which someone else posted), but Mainstreet says that was a separate survey. For this poll about the BC Liberal leadership candidates, the sample only included BC Liberal members. The numbers I listed are the ones labeled "decided and leaning voters - weighted". Anyway, interesting results. That said, there's two factors that still come into play: * the regional equity formula (where each riding is weighted equally with 100 votes, regardless of how many BC Liberal members live there) * the ranked ballot So with those factors in mind, it's hard to predict who will win. But assuming this polling is reasonably accurate, it's likely to be either Dianne Watts, Andrew Wilkinson, or Todd Stone. I think Watts has probably benefitted from being the only candidate who isn't a current MLA, which helps her (and to some extent Michael Lee) seem like the candidates for "change" from the Christy Clark era. On the other hand, the potential pitfall for Dianne Watts is that she'll probably get fewer 2nd place votes than the others, since I presume there's more overlap between supporters of Wilkinson, Stone, and de Jong. It'll be interesting to see how it turns out. Any predictions?
&gt;In order to save one penny from his "middle class tax cut" you need to make ~$50,000/y $43,000 actually
Agreed with pretty much all of that. &gt;I am also unhappy with his lack of ambition in renewable energy That's something where I definitely want them to put more efforts. That said, they have taken some steps, requiring the provinces to implement carbon pricing and phase out all coal power by 2030, and they're supposed to present a Zero Emission Vehicles Strategy later in 2018, so I'm hoping that'll include some significant actions. And last week they made this announcement (which didn't get a lot of press): [Ottawa giving $700-million to BDC to spur growth in clean tech - Globe and Mail](https://www.theglobeandmail.com/report-on-business/ottawa-giving-700-million-to-bdc-to-spur-growth-in-clean-tech-industry/article37654164/) &gt;The federal government will give $700-million over the next five years to the Business Development Bank of Canada in a bid to grow Canada's clean technology industry. &gt;The funding is intended to enable the bank to take on more risk, providing high-potential clean tech firms with more capital to expand their operations and hire additional staff. (BDC is a government-owned investment bank)
Looks like the top 4 are all on the west coast! 1: Burrard Bridge in Vancouver, average 3,100 counts a day &gt; 2: Tikkum Crossing in Portland, Oregon, with an average 2,783 counts a day &gt; 3: Fremont Bridge in Seattle with an average of 2,639 counts a day &gt;4: Market Street in San Francisco with an average of 1,738 trips a day and &gt;5: Rue Laurier in Montreal (and the only other Canadian city on the list) with an average of 1,635 counts a day. One caveat though: it only includes the routes where this company put sensors (176 spots around the world). There might be a busier route somewhere in North America that this company didn't measure, but still impressive.
&gt; The stream must have lasted like 15 seconds Wait, what? Do you mean the press conference only lasted 15 second?
Maybe it's not too late?
There's definitely still time. It might be best if they defer to Christine Elliott, who lost to Brown in the leadership race, and let her take the lead without having another full leadership race. If they go down the road of having a real race for the position, it could be divisive within the party, and not what you'd want to do right before an election.
And the BC Liberals are currently without a permanent leader, so the poll asked about them under Rich Coleman.
True, they only get a "leadership bump" in the polls if people like the new leader, or give them greater confidence in the party.
&gt; Does the COV publish ridership numbers for particular routes? They do indeed: http://vancouver.ca/files/cov/Bike-lane-stats-by-month.pdf Looks like Burrard Bridge and Science World are the busiest spots they measured. "Union and Hawks" would be the counter for the Adanac route, and "10th and Clark" for 10th avenue. But of course, those are just one point along lengthy routes, so it's hard to represent the ridership along whole thing.
Indeed. And one of the women worked for Brown, and told her father and 3 other people about the incident at the time (they're all corroborating her story). So it seems legit. Plus I doubt that 6 of his campaign staff would immediately quit unless they believed the allegations to be credible.
He had 7 years of experience in parliament before becoming PM (compared to 0 for Mulroney or Trump).
Maple Tree Square is where again?
I agree with that. But just FYI, he was actually a full-time French and math teacher, who sometimes taught drama (hence why the conservatives labeled him “substitute drama teacher”). That part wasn’t his entire job. Not that it really matters lol, because I do agree that he has a thin resume, pre-politics.
In that case, the guy was already planning to leave politics soon, he was just waiting for his party to pick a new leader to replace him.
There were only 4 Liberal MPs in Alberta and only 2 from Calgary, so Trudeau had a choice between this guy or Kang. As it turns out, they’ve both been accused of harassment.
Perhaps police are more likely to use a weapon if they think the suspect may be armed with a gun? If so, then more prevalent gun ownership could lead cops to perceive themselves to be in more danger more often, and be more likely to use their own weapons.
Increasing access to education for girls in the developing world has been proven to be one of the most effective ways to reduce birth rates (which are very high in much of the developing world). So if If we want to address global overpopulation, this is a good move.
&gt;The bike share service U-bicycle, which features GPS-tracked bicycles members can park and retrieve anywhere, has moved its North American headquarters to Vancouver, and is at work on a multi-city expansion. &gt;U-bicycle launched in B.C. in Victoria in October 2017. Their launch fleet was 160 bicycles, and now they have added an additional 250 sets of wheels which will hit the streets in Victoria next month. U-bicycles come with GPS, three speeds, a carbon belt drive system, and helmets. Their new bikes are 10% lighter. &gt;Users simply unlock and lock the bicycles through a smartphone app. &gt;Looking forward, U-bicycle has ambitions to open in over 100 North American cities, with a fleet of 780,000 bikes. Vancouver will be their operational base, and presumably among the first new cities to have U-bicycle service. It basically sounds like Car2Go or Evo, but bicycles.
Any idea if it's working well there?
Yeah there must be some kind of boundaries, I'm sure they wouldn't want you to just keep riding all the way to Chilliwack, and then leave the bike there.
What's the issue?
If rich sexual-harassers lose positions of power and get replaced by rich people who don't sexual harass others, I'd say that's an improvement.
The PC campaign staff mass-resigned, effectively forcing Brown out, before the Liberals or NDP even made a statement.
By a drunk high school girl and his drunk employee? You think that’s okay?
&gt;Overall map is here (not limited to rentals, just general):http://rezoning.vancouver.ca/applications/ Interesting, that's a good resource. Thanks for sharing.
&gt; According to the article, his sister thinks so. (As much as that means.) It seems pretty common for people to believe their family members are innocent, regardless of the situation, and besides, how would she possibly know? Also worth remembering that the second accuser (the one who used to work for Brown) had her father and 3 other people corroborate her story, because she told them about the incident years ago, when it happened.
&gt; and still leads to a two-party system Preferential voting only leads to a two-party system if people like the two parties the most. If they like other 3rd parties more, those parties will be able to rise, because people can vote for them without having any worries about vote-splitting. That said, it's a moot point because a simple change to ranked ballots won't be on the table (which is too bad IMO). PR could be good too though, depending on the specifics.
&gt; Vancouver controlling 50+ % of the entire BC legislature? More like Vancouver, Surrey, Richmond, North Van, Burnaby, Delta, Langley, Maple Ridge, West Van, Coquitlam, etc. would combine to hold 50% of the BC legislature. Is that a bad thing? That's where 50% of the people live. It makes sense to me that a voter in Coquitlam would have equal value as a voter in Cranbrook. And besides, there's a lot of different types of people living in the Lower Mainland, with different priorities and values. It's not like the 2.4 million of us all vote as a block for the same party.
One of the girls was a high school student, and the other one was his employee (also a teenager). In both cases they were drunk, while he was sober. Which one do you think it was appropriate for him to try to bang?
If the allegations are investigated and corroborated by numerous other people, as was the case here? Then sure, your boss could consider that. But nobody even got fired here, he stepped down after losing the support of his team, in a job where his effectiveness depends entirely on having others willing to support him.
&gt; Can he even find out who his accusers are? One of them is a former employee of his, and CTV released text messages and emails that he sent to her (and a photo of them together, with her face blurred out), so Brown should obviously be able to figure out who it is. But I don't see why the public would need to know, other than to harass or intimidate her.
In this case they got 2 accusers, one of which had 4 other people corroborating her story, and she also had text messages, emails, and photos that matched various parts of her story. All of that was investigated before CTV ran the story. This didn't come out of the blue, without any investigative work.
The courts don't declare people innocent, they either find sufficient proof that they're guilty (beyond the shadow of a doubt) or they fail to do so. If they judge thinks you're probably guilty but there's not enough evidence to know for sure, then you should be declared "not guilty", but that doesn't necessarily mean you're innocent. A guilty person can be let go (and an innocent person can be convicted, though that should be more rare).
&gt; Oh, so your argument is politicians can’t have a sex life because they have a “position of power”? You know it's possible to have sex with women that aren't teenagers, right? He can still have a sex life without trying to bang high school girls or teenage political staffers.
&gt;This + Mays track record suggests she's just what many thought, an over emotional leader unable to make a more logical and considered effort What makes you think she's overly emotional? Was Stephen Harper also an overly emotional leader? He was known to have a temper as well, and yell at his employees. [Stephen Harper prone to fits of rage and growing increasingly isolated, former aide Bruce Carson says](http://nationalpost.com/news/politics/stephen-harper-prone-to-fits-of-rage-and-growing-increasingly-isolated-former-aide-bruce-carson-says)
If one of the guys was a high school student, and the other one was a teenage political staffer that worked for her, and the media confirmed that numerous other people would corroborate their stories? Yeah I'd say she should resign in that scenario, as Brown did.
&gt; No politicians should have sex outside of wedlock Not with high school girls, or their teenage political staffers. Is that really such an unreasonable expectation?
&gt;So if something isn't illegal, why should cops be involved? The cops weren't involved, and it's more of an ethics issue than a legal issue. That's why they went to the press instead (or perhaps the press went to them).
It's not about blame, it's about the double-standard in how they're talked about here. When Harper approves resource development projects in Western Canada, it's proof that he cares about western Canada. When Trudeau approves resource development projects in Western Canada, it's proof that he "gives no fucks about western Canada". How does that work?
&gt;I don't want Metro Vancouver controlling this province, and I live here. How exactly would Metro Vancouver be controlling the province in this scenario, when the rest of the province would have just as many votes? And again, people in Metro Vancouver don't all vote the same way. It's not a unified block, it's 2.4 million people, each with their own perspective, just like the 2+ million people in the rest of BC don't think the same. &gt;Most people in Metro Vancouver make their living working for secondary or tertiary industry that heavily relies on primary industry in rural BC. Yet Vancouver's voting habits would kill primary industry for the sake of blind idealism. So basically your argument is that urban and suburban voters are fools who don't vote properly (ie. not enough support for BC Liberals), so we need a system that gives extra power to rural voters. Or do I have that wrong? If a party fails to appeal to many urban and suburban voters, maybe it should be *their* responsibility to put forward better ideas and win them over. It's not impossible, and history shows that the BC Liberals can win in the Lower Mainland if they put forward an agenda that people support.
&gt; How about we vote directly on individual issues instead of voting for the prettiest liar? Because most people don't have the time or interest to thoroughly study all of the issues that the government needs to address. Even those who are well-educated and well-informed have blind spots, and certain issues where they know very little, or don't realize how little they know. That's why we have a representative democracy, where we choose representatives to devote their time to learning about the issues, talking to the public to understand their needs and concerns, and then making decisions on our behalf. If they do a good job, we can keep them around, and if they do a bad job, we have the option to give someone else a shot.
&gt;**It wasn't until 80 minutes into the debate that a question was posed about the price of housing in Metro Vancouver** — not surprising, if you've been following the campaign. &gt;"We can be bold," said Mike de Jong. "Let's extend our transit networks out into the [Fraser] Valley ... and rezone and build up and provide the homes that people need and get them into our major population centres." &gt;Then he and fellow candidate Sam Sullivan, who asked the question, talked for another minute about how it was important to put pressure on local governments to increase density. &gt;**And that was it. Less than five minutes, on the topic that 50 per cent of British Columbians just said was the most important issue in the province, according to an Insights West survey.** It would be nice if they'd prioritize this issue a little more... that graph in the article is quite telling. Three years ago, 15% of British Columbians said that "housing/poverty/homelessness" was the #1 issue Today, 50% say it's the #1 issue
Why make up a fake response, when the article contains her actual response?
I'm not sure what qualifies as "abusive" in politics, but he did have quite a temper apparently: [Stephen Harper prone to fits of rage and growing increasingly isolated, former aide Bruce Carson says - May 2014](http://nationalpost.com/news/politics/tom-flanagans-claim-stephen-harper-was-hobbled-by-depression-ridiculous-pmo-says) &gt;**Carson also said Harper has a temper and is prone to fits of anger. Asked if the prime minister would dress down people and swear at them, Carson said, “Oh yeah.”** &gt;“You couldn’t run a country or take the position that the prime minister has without emotional outbursts, without displaying temper. And certainly it was there,” he said. And from a book written by his former chief of staff Tom Flanagan: &gt;**“He can be suspicious, secretive, and vindictive, prone to sudden eruptions of white-hot rage over meaningless trivia..."** http://nationalpost.com/news/politics/tom-flanagans-claim-stephen-harper-was-hobbled-by-depression-ridiculous-pmo-says
&gt;If this article was about Andrew Scheer there would be calls for resignation I really doubt that, to be honest. Harper displayed quite the temper, according to his top staff, but nobody of note asked him to resign over it. [Stephen Harper prone to fits of rage and growing increasingly isolated, former aide Bruce Carson says - May 2014](http://nationalpost.com/news/politics/tom-flanagans-claim-stephen-harper-was-hobbled-by-depression-ridiculous-pmo-says) &gt;**Carson also said Harper has a temper and is prone to fits of anger. Asked if the prime minister would dress down people and swear at them, Carson said, “Oh yeah.”** &gt;“You couldn’t run a country or take the position that the prime minister has without emotional outbursts, without displaying temper. And certainly it was there,” he said. And from his former chief of staff Tom Flanagan: &gt;**“He can be suspicious, secretive, and vindictive, prone to sudden eruptions of white-hot rage over meaningless trivia..."** http://nationalpost.com/news/politics/tom-flanagans-claim-stephen-harper-was-hobbled-by-depression-ridiculous-pmo-says
I mean, yeah housing is the obvious answer to that question in BC, but that's precisely because it's such a gong show, and other issues are doing reasonably okay. But in places with a normal housing market, issues like Economy and Health Care would usually be higher concerns. For example, I did a search and found recent-ish polls from this company for [Alberta](https://insightswest.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/11/ReportCardABNov2017_Tables.pdf), [Saskatchewan](https://insightswest.com/wp-content/uploads/2016/04/Election_SK_02_Tables.pdf), and [Manitoba](https://insightswest.com/wp-content/uploads/2016/04/Election_MB_02_Tables.pdf). They asked the same question in those provinces, and they all answered Economy as #1, while the "Housing/Homelessness/Poverty" category got 8% in Alberta, 6% in Saskatchewan, and 15% in Manitoba (compared to 50% in BC, in the recent poll). That said, I do agree with you that “Housing, Homelessness and Poverty” is too big of a category. Housing and poverty should labeled as separate issues in the poll, at least in a place like BC where housing is a big issue for middle-class people, not just those in poverty.
If you want to copy the Canadian system, you could also triple your immigration rate. Is that part cool too?
&gt; has only been "diversifying" for a few decades. Are you unfamiliar with Canada's history, or do you just have a various narrow notion of the word "diversifying"? Did the waves of Irish, Italian, Ukrainian, and Chinese immigrants not diversify the country 100 years ago? And all of the others that have come since?
&gt; California has been pushing HARD for EVs since 1990. EV technology wasn't looking that great for most of that time period, until it had a resurgence post-2009, and battery costs began falling rapidly. Now EVs are on track to reach price-parity with gasoline cars by 2025 (according to the International Energy Agency), which effectively would make them cheaper than gas cars, since their operating costs lower (fuel and maintenance). The prospects for EVs have changed dramatically in the past decade. And just for everyone's info: in early 2017 in California, 9.2% of new car sales were "electrified" (4.4% hybrid, 2.1% plug-in hybrid, 2.7% full electric). Source: [California New Car Dealers Association](http://www.cncda.org/CMS/Pubs/CA%20Auto%20Outlook%201Q%202017.pdf) Also, here's a graph of annual electric vehicle sales (worldwide) since 2010: https://pbs.twimg.com/media/DUljpjDWAAAA65h.png
Said "you're yummy" to her at work, and supposedly he had a reputation for making comments like that, so the women working there (Alberta legislature) would avoid being alone with him in elevators.
Sure. So if him having a temper is reasonable, why is May having a temper an example of being "overly emotional"?
Nah, just saying that as a Canadian, I notice that Americans sometimes cherry-pick certain Canadian policies to hold them up as a model, while ignoring the broader context around them. I see the same thing on the subject of corporate taxes.
Haha that's fair!
&gt; So ICBC has a $1.3 billion deficit. Over the last 6 years, ICBC has written $1.2 billion in dividends to the provincial government. That $1.3 billion deficit is for *1 year* though... the dividends contributed to the problem, but unless I misunderstand something, they don't account for the entire deficit. Something's very wrong.
&gt; better find men that never had sex. Or just men who didn't try to hook up with their teenage political staffer when she was drunk.
Gotcha, thanks for the explanation.
Note to mods: changed the title slightly to make it more clear what the article is about.
The CPC and the NDP numbers are right back where they were 3 weeks ago, so the middle week may have just been a statistical anomaly.
More than just Redditors were making that claim... [Globe investigation: The Ford family’s history with drug dealing - May 2013](https://www.theglobeandmail.com/news/toronto/globe-investigation-the-ford-familys-history-with-drug-dealing/article12153014/) &gt;This investigative report reveals that: &gt; * Doug Ford, Toronto Mayor Rob Ford’s brother, sold hashish for several years in the 1980s. &gt; * Another brother, Randy, was also involved in the drug trade and was once charged in relation to a drug-related kidnapping. &gt; * Their sister, Kathy, has been the victim of drug-related gun violence. &gt;In the 1980s, anyone wanting to buy hashish had to know where to go. And in central Etobicoke, the wealthy Toronto suburb where Mayor Rob Ford grew up, one of those places was James Gardens. In the evening, the sports cars often wound along Edenbridge Drive, past the gated homes and the lawn-bowling pitches, until they reached the U-shaped parking lot. By nightfall, the public park was a hash drive-thru. **One former street dealer, whom we will call "Justin," described the scene as "an assembly line."** &gt;There were usually a number of dealers to choose from, some of them supplied by a mainstay at James Gardens – a young man with the hulk-like frame and mop of bright blond hair: Doug Ford. **"Most people didn't approach Doug looking for product. You went to the guys that he supplied. Because if Doug didn't know you and trust you, he wouldn't even roll down his window,"** Justin said. &gt;... &gt;**Ten people who grew up with Doug Ford – a group that includes two former hashish suppliers, three street-level drug dealers and a number of casual users of hash – have described in a series of interviews how for several years Mr. Ford was a go-to dealer of hash.** These sources had varying degrees of knowledge of his activities: Some said they purchased hash directly from him, some said they supplied him, while others said they observed him handling large quantities of the drug. &gt;...
It hasn't been signed yet, just agreed to in principle. It appears that the signing ceremony will be March 8. https://www.canada-usblog.com/2018/01/23/we-have-a-deal-canada-what-are-the-next-steps/
&gt; and that in turn means we need to massively increase our electricity supply. [According to BC Hydro](https://www.bchydro.com/powersmart/electric-vehicles/bc-hydro-electric-vehicles.html), electrifying all cars in BC would increase the demand for electricity by 19%. That's significant, but it should be feasible over a 20 year period or so. I would imagine the figure is similar in other provinces, but I don't know for sure.
Who do you vote for federally then?
Yeah I like it too. The area will look a lot more interesting and distinct than it does now.
Inslee has been trying for a while. And as the article notes: &gt;Critics might note that that’s rich advice coming from a jurisdiction that is responsible for the majority of oil-tanker traffic in the shared waters between Washington State and British Columbia that are bound for U.S. refineries in Puget Sound. &gt;But Mr. Inslee is the reason that there are not more tankers in the water. &gt;Washington State already boasts one of the lowest oil-spill rates in the United States and under the Democratic Governor, regulations have been tightened around the transportation of oil, including a tax on pipelines to help pay for increased safety measures. His administration is battling the Trump administration to stop expanded offshore oil drilling. &gt;**In February, Mr. Inslee killed what would have been the United States’ largest oil-by-rail terminal by denying the project a permit**. In the language used by B.C. Premier John Horgan to describe the pipeline expansion, Mr. Inslee said the environmental and public-health risks outweighed the benefits of the terminal project.
The Vancouver Sun is different, as it is not part of the Sun News chain. It’s a good paper, but I don’t know how a regular reader could genuinely consider it centre-left, especially when it endorses the Conservative party in every single federal election (as every PostMedia-owned newspaper does).
Why did you put “pipeline” in quotes? Aside from the planned expansion, there’s an existing pipeline which carries 320,000 barrels or oil per day.
They do apply this standard to new pipeline projects, for what it’s worth. And pipeline company TransCanada says the new requirements are a major reason why they withdrew their application for the Energy East pipeline.
This policy was in the BC NDP’s platform before the 2017 election. It got a lot of attention on /r/Vancouver as well, so I’m surprised you hadn’t heard about it.
&gt;but Vancouver pretty much already bulldozed it years ago for the viaducts No... it was the black neighbourhood \(Hogan's Alley\) that got bulldozed for the viaducts. Chinatown was on the chopping block, for proposed freeways through Chinatown and Gastown, but those didn't end up getting built.
I thought this was an interesting \(and sometimes forgotten\) perspective: &gt;It’s the No. 1 irritant for truck drivers in Metro Vancouver: congestion. &gt; &gt;And it has prompted a group representing truck drivers to take a position in the contentious debate around [mobility pricing](https://globalnews.ca/search/mobility%20pricing). &gt; &gt;BC Trucking Association president Dave Earle says his members are in favour of road pricing. And he says if it doesn’t go ahead, some other method of dealing with congestion is needed. &gt; &gt;“When you think about moving product from the port, for example, to a shopping centre or \[from an\] importer/exporter to a different area of the Lower Mainland, drivers and companies are most effective when they can efficiently plan their day,” he said. &gt; &gt;“Given the variable levels of congestion during the day, it’s exquisitely and intolerably difficult to try and plan.” &gt; &gt;Earle said if trucks were able to move around the region more effectively and efficiently, although there could be extra costs, they’d be able to do more work on any given day.
&gt;I was on the fence about Mike Schreiner but his ama on the Toronto subreddit finally helped me make up my mind. Here's the link for anyone interested: [https://www.reddit.com/r/toronto/comments/8na5dp/im\_mike\_schreiner\_green\_party\_of\_ontario\_leader/](https://www.reddit.com/r/toronto/comments/8na5dp/im_mike_schreiner_green_party_of_ontario_leader/)
Indeed. &gt;Zhang Yuxing, a 43\-year\-old Beijing resident, listened. He had planned on Vancouver, but taxes have gone too high. &gt; &gt;Now, he said, his top choice is Montreal. &gt; &gt;... &gt; &gt;At the Beijing expo, Florence Chan said she originally wanted to buy a home in Vancouver but changed her mind. “The taxes are too high,” she said, adding that Melbourne is looking better. In the past two years, our governments have added a 20&amp;#37; foreign buyers tax, an annual speculation tax, and an annual empty homes tax (City of Vancouver only), as well as a property surtax on homes over $3 million. Some of these are still at the implementation stage and haven't taken effect yet (ie. speculation tax), but when you add it all up, it clearly makes Vancouver a less attractive place for foreigners to invest in real estate. To me that's a good thing, given our city's situation. And as some UBC economists argued in a [recent op\-ed](http://vancouversun.com/opinion/op-ed/opinion-school-tax-is-efficient-and-fair), it's generally better to tax unproductive investments like real estate speculation, rather than productive investments, like business growth and hiring of employees. &gt;...To understand this idea, consider an investor with $4 million. One option is to buy land. This would increase demand, and thus the price of land. &gt; &gt;But the higher price doesn’t change the amount of land available. In populated areas, nearly all land is used for business or housing, so this investment can’t change total economic output. It only makes the previous landowners richer. Owning land when demand increases is like holding a winning lottery ticket — it generates a return without doing anything productive. This is called an “economic rent.” &gt; &gt;Alternatively, the investor can hire scientists and buy machinery to produce novel medical devices. Unlike land, the amount of machinery in the economy fluctuates. When demand for products goes up, so does demand for productive capital. That drives up the price of machinery, so manufacturing firms build more machines, which increases output. Labour has this same feature. When wages — the price of labour — increase, more people work. &gt; &gt;Investors deciding between land and capital care about their personal returns. But society as a whole benefits if the investor chooses productive capital, increasing economic output. &gt; &gt;So we should tax land rather than productive capital or labour. The amount of land is fixed so land taxes don’t reduce productivity. In contrast, taxing capital or labour reduces use of these inputs. In addition, taxing land lowers its return relative to productive capital. This encourages investors to buy productive capital instead, growing the economy.
I don't think it was in their election platform, but it was technically an official Conservative Party policy, until they removed it in May 2016: [http://www.cbc.ca/news/politics/conservative\-convention\-saturday\-votes\-1.3604990](http://www.cbc.ca/news/politics/conservative-convention-saturday-votes-1.3604990) &gt;Conservative delegates at the party's policy convention in Vancouver have voted to strike the definition of marriage in the party's official policy document. &gt; &gt;**In a 1,036\-462 vote, delegates from all provinces except Saskatchewan cast majority votes in favour of no longer defining marriage as a union between one man and one woman.** &gt; &gt;"I think our party got a little more Canadian today," Calgary MP Michelle Rempel said after the vote. "It's a milestone and it's not just a milestone for our party, it's a milestone for all Canadians." &gt; &gt;"Yes, it took us 10 years to get to this point, but I think this is something that is a beacon for people around the world who are looking at equality rights. Canada is a place where we celebrate equality."
There was one other candidate (tech entrepreneur Taleeb Noormohamed) , but he had a "sudden cardiac event" and dropped out of the race to tend to his health. [https://www.thestar.com/vancouver/2018/05/31/taleeb\-noormohamed\-drops\-out\-of\-vision\-vancouver\-mayoral\-race.html](https://www.thestar.com/vancouver/2018/05/31/taleeb-noormohamed-drops-out-of-vision-vancouver-mayoral-race.html) That meant Ian Campbell was the only candidate left, so he was acclaimed as the party's nominee.
&gt;The "elites" that Doug hates are not the rich, it's educated people To my surprise, he actually admitted that in an interview, when asked how he himself (a millionaire businessman and politician) doesn't qualify as part of the "elite" that he rails against. He said being an "elite" is not about money, and that some "elites" don't have two pennies to rub together. He said his definition of "elite" is people who think they're smarter than other people, and that he is not an elite.
Yes, taxes on homes worth more than $3 million and $4 million are essentially in a higher property tax bracket now. The owner of a $3 million home won't face any additional taxes (it's only on value over $3M), while the owner of a $4 million home will now have to pay an extra $2000 per year ($167 per month).
The required seat threshold in BC was lowered from 4 to 2. They didn’t just arbitrarily grant it to the Greens, without changing the threshold.
&gt;He didn't show up to vote with his party. You don't get to stay on the front bench in that case because cabinet has to be tighter than the rest of the MP's/caucus. I think that's part of it. [This article](https://www.theglobeandmail.com/politics/article-maxime-bernier-renews-attack-on-canadas-supply-management-system/) in the Globe from this morning is subscriber\-only, but it says: &gt;**Mr. Bernier, a former Conservative leadership contender, uploaded to his personal website last week his book chapter criticizing supply management**, which Mr. Trump has demanded be dismantled in trade talks. &gt; &gt;The 27\-page chapter chronicles Mr. Bernier’s fervent opposition to the supply\-management system, which he calls “the total opposite of a free market.” &gt; &gt;**It is the same chapter that led Mr. Bernier to postpone his book indefinitely in April after he suggested Conservative Leader Andrew Scheer won the party leadership with the help of “fake Conservatives” from the Quebec dairy lobby**. &gt; &gt;**The move comes as the House of Commons unanimously agreed to an NDP motion on Monday to condemn the U.S. administration’s “illegitimate” import duties on steel and aluminum and pledging support for supply management**, the system that regulates prices and production on dairy, eggs and poultry in Canada. &gt; &gt;Mr. Bernier, who was in Ottawa on Monday, left the Commons for the vote. **“I was not in the House at that moment,” Mr. Bernier wrote in a message to The Globe and Mail. “That is why it was unanimous.”**
&gt;Was that added to the article after I made my post? It was probably added later, CBC often adds to articles, as more details come out. Here's the explanation they got from an anonymous Conservative MP: &gt;A Conservative MP provided the reason for Bernier's removal on condition he not be identified. **He told CBC News that Bernier was removed because of his decision last week to** **post on his website a chapter from his book, in which the MP said Scheer's victory as party leader was owed to "fake Conservatives" who only joined the party to defend supply management in the dairy industry.** &gt; &gt;"What was more offensive than his attack on supply management was the attack on our supporters, quite frankly, calling them fake Conservatives, or nefarious paper millionaires," the MP said. &gt; &gt;... &gt; &gt;**The decision to renege on that pledge, along with a number of other missteps, prompted his removal from the front bench.** &gt; &gt;**"Caucus was very disappointed that Maxime chose to break faith with them," said the Conservative MP. "It's unacceptable … one member can't put himself above the team, and we certainly expect members to keep their commitments to each other."**
In what ways?
It's like this: 1. House of Commons passed a bill 2. Senate passed the bill, but added amendments 3. House of Commons accepted some of the Senate's amendments but rejected others Now Senate could either: 1) Accept the version of the bill that has been passed by the House, which included some (but not all) of the Senate's amendments 2) Try to insist on their amendments, and send the bill back to the House once again. 3) Reject the bill entirely Option 3 is very unlikely. Option 2 doesn't happen often, from my understanding, but it could happen, and it recently happened on a bill about railways. On that issue, the Senate finally deferred to the House's decision, after having some of their amendments rejected twice.
&gt;where he bashes everyone in the conservative party who didn't support him How so? From what I've read, the "fake conservatives" line referred specifically to dairy farmers in Quebec who signed up to vote for Scheer, and then let their CPC memberships lapse the following year.
It'll be decided by a vote, yeah. Some of the independent or liberal senators must have supported those amendments, in order for them to pass. But they might choose not to push them any further, now that they've been rejected by the House of Commons. We'll have to wait and see I guess.
But what happens when a cyclist reaches a street that doesn’t have a protected bike lane? They should be forced to get off their bike and walk?
So based on this poll, the current numbers in the 8-way race are: Kennedy Stewart (independent) - 26%; Ken Sim (NPA) - 23%; Ian Campbell (Vision Vancouver) - 18%; Hector Bremner (unnamed new party) - 10%; Shauna Sylvester (independent) - 9%; Patrick Condon (possibly COPE) - 8% David Chen (ProVancouver) - 4%; Wai Young (Coalition Vancouver) - 3%; However that's just the respondents who chose somebody from the list. Apparently 47% of poll respondents said they're not sure who they would vote for (understandably).
Doesn't Quebec currently have a balanced budget and the [2nd lowest unemployment rate in Canada](https://www150.statcan.gc.ca/t1/tbl1/en/tv.action?pid=1410001702)? How is it a "red-head step-child" economically?
I read somewhere (maybe Twitter) that they doubled the number of journalists on their team when they rebranded, so I presume that has helped them, in terms of researching new stories and doing better quality work.
As I posted in the other thread, here's the findings of this poll: * Kennedy Stewart (independent) - 26&amp;#37;; * Ken Sim (NPA) - 23&amp;#37;; * Ian Campbell (Vision Vancouver) - 18&amp;#37;; * Hector Bremner (unnamed new party) - 10&amp;#37;; * Shauna Sylvester (independent) - 9&amp;#37;; * Patrick Condon (possibly COPE) - 8&amp;#37; * David Chen (ProVancouver) - 4&amp;#37;; * Wai Young (Coalition Vancouver) - 3&amp;#37;;
According to the article: &gt;The Progressive Conservatives have also budgeted $30 million for legal costs to fight Prime Minister Justin Trudeau in court over the imposition of carbon pricing if provinces don't have their own way of doing it.
&gt;The feds aren't allowed to place a tax on a province without the provinces approval Since when? Source?
Exactly, and the carbon tax is a major reason why BC has the lowest income taxes in Canada, at most income levels.
Basically cap-and-trade sets a cap on emissions from major industries, and requires large companies to buy permits, in order to be allowed to pollute. The constraints of that cap determine the price of the permits on the trading market, and currently the permits in Ontario cost about $15, for every tonne of CO2 pollution that a company chooses to emit.
Pierre Trudeau won 3 majority governments, but none of them were consecutive. He went from majority to minority to majority to opposition to majority.
Assuming that trade is the top issue on people's minds in October 2019, which is a big assumption. That's 16 months away, lots can happen between now and then. For example, in May 2015, it looked like the Liberals were in big trouble, because a lot of left-leaning voters were mad at them over Bill C-51. Yet by October 2015, just 5 months later, the election campaign had brought a lot of other issues onto the public radar, and they were able to win a majority. Who's to say that trade policy will be a defining issue in the 2019 election? For all we know, the parties might end up taking very similar stances, and it won't be a big "election issue", even if it is still a big issue.
Here's a news story from today, for example: [Omnitrax ordered to repair Churchill's damaged railway line](http://www.cbc.ca/news/canada/manitoba/churchill-railway-ruling-omnitrax-1.4707524) &gt;The federal transportation regulator has ruled that Omnitrax Canada abdicated its responsibility to repair the railway to the northern port of Churchill, Man., and must resume operation of the tracks "as expeditiously as possible." &gt; &gt;The Canadian Transportation Agency ordered Omnitrax to begin repairs on the Hudson Bay Railway by July 3 and file monthly progress reports beginning in August until the work is complete. The railway is the only land link between the south and Churchill and other remote northern communities, where prices have soared as goods have had to be flown in. Of note: &gt;The Wednesday ruling came after a complaint was lodged by the provincial New Democratic Party last year. So here's a case where provincial representatives (in the opposition party) took action and achieved results that will benefit a remote community in northern Manitoba.
&gt;If you look at that board, several have definitive ties to the Liberal party Which ones? Here are the members, by the way: [https://www.canada.ca/en/campaign/independent-advisory-board-for-senate-appointments/members.html](https://www.canada.ca/en/campaign/independent-advisory-board-for-senate-appointments/members.html)
It's funny because I genuinely don't know whether you're saying "look at BC" as a positive example or a cautionary tale, or which party you're calling "lying fuckwits". You might be telling the Liberals "look at BC, and how it has the highest gas prices" or you might be telling the Conservatives "look at BC, and how it has low carbon emissions and also the lowest unemployment rate in Canada".
George W lost California and New York in 2004, but still won the popular vote. Plus if you go by popular vote, then the Republicans in those blue states (and Democrats in red states) would have their votes matter as well, instead of having the entire presidential election mainly decided by ~10 swing states, while everyone else knows how their state will vote.
&gt;the crime rates are pretty high No, in terms of violent crime and stuff like that, it's pretty safe. &gt;the people in general are very cold and superficial I wouldn't say superficial, but people generally don't go out of their way to talk to strangers, which could make it seem cold. People are fine once you meet them though. &gt;the women are golddiggers Even if that sweeping generalization was true, why would that be relevant for you? You're moving with your boyfriend. &gt;it's almost impossible to become friends with the locals It might be harder than some cities, but it shouldn't be impossible. &gt;I also heard a friend from East Europe saying that he was considered a "second class immigrant". I've never heard that before. &gt;Which would be the safest, "nicest" area to live? You need to be more specific than that... are you looking for a quiet, safe suburb? Or an affluent urban area? Or neighbourhood that's hip and has lots going on?
&gt;When Stewart, Sim, and Campbell release a platform item on how to address housing, then it will be news If the media only covers the candidates/parties that are leading in the polls, then it makes it inevitable that they'll continue to lead in the polls. &gt;This is the municipal equivalent of learning the platforms of the Pirate Party, the Christian Heritage Party, and the Marxist Leninist Party. It's not really equivalent... The only mayoral candidate with any experience on city council is Hector Bremner (and even then, he's only been on council for 8 months), so it should be considered a wide open field until closer to the election. If these are the only candidates with clear policies on a key issue (housing), then they're the ones that will get covered. Other candidates can get media attention once they release their own ideas.
In BC and Alberta, poor people receive a tax-rebate cheque 4x a year, directly from the carbon tax revenue.
&gt;You have documented proof that it is not just a cash grab? If it was a "cash grab" by the feds, wouldn't they want the revenue to actually go to the federal government, instead of being collected by the provinces?
In fact, BC, Ontario and Quebec currently have the 3 lowest unemployment rates in Canada.
&gt;If we want to go green, let's actually invest in technology and have business incentives drive it. That's the whole point of cap-and-trade (or carbon taxes). It gives businesses more incentive to invest in cleaner technologies, because if they pollute less, then they can save money by buying less pollution permits (or paying less carbon tax). And in Ontario, revenue from cap-and-trade has been invested directly in supporting green initiatives, like clean technologies, public transit expansion, reforestation, and so on. Another option is BC's approach, where revenue from the carbon tax (implemented in 2008) has been used to cut income taxes and send tax-rebate cheques to low-income people. As a result, BC has the lowest income tax rates in Canada, at most incomes.
To give an example, for a single person in BC with a $30k income, the two main effects are: A) you receive $135 per year as a [carbon-tax rebate](https://www2.gov.bc.ca/gov/content/taxes/income-taxes/personal/credits/climate-action) B) gas prices are 8 cents higher (and other fossil fuels will also be equivalently higher priced) You might be financially better off than before, or worse off: it depends on how much fossil fuels you burn in your lifestyle. But either way, the carbon tax gives you a little more financial incentive to seek out ways to reduce your carbon footprint, and makes low-emission activities or technologies more financially attractive. And perhaps even more importantly, it also gives businesses more incentive to switch to cleaner technologies, and find ways to lower their carbon emissions.
I believe I read that the base model (priced at $35k USD) would be sold at a loss (at current production costs), so they’re planning to fulfill those orders last. In the mean time, they’re delivering the orders for ones with more upgrades, that are at a higher price and are profitable (if I’m remembering correctly).
The challenge is that the Supreme Court has ruled that you have to change the Constitution to do that. To abolish the Senate, you need 10/10 provinces to agree. To reform the Senate, you need 7/10 provinces (with at least 50&amp;#37; of the population) to agree.
There would have been a few in 1983, but condos weren't legally allowed until the late 1960s/early 1970s. Until then, there was no legal way to subdivide a property vertically, only horizontally. In other words, any highrise buildings built before the 1970s had a single owner and units were rented out, instead of each unit being owned by someone different, like in a condo tower.
Yeah I once read an article about it, and most places around North America changed their property laws in that the same time period, the 1960s or early 1970s, to allow stratas and condos. Until then, they either hadn't thought of the concept of selling property without "land", or just hadn't found a way to allow it. But once one US state established laws allowing buildings to be split into separate condominiums (which I think was around 1960), other places around North America followed suit.
It does seem pretty bizarre. Here's a profile of George Conway, written last month, which helps to explain the situation: [https://www.politico.com/magazine/story/2018/05/24/george-conway-tweets-kellyannewest-wing-eyebrow-218538](https://www.politico.com/magazine/story/2018/05/24/george-conway-tweets-kellyannewest-wing-eyebrow-218538) &gt;... &gt; &gt;Over the past year, however, since Trump fired FBI Director James Comey and special counsel Robert Mueller was appointed by the Justice Department, George Conway has become a man in turmoil. **A serious, conservative attorney who believes in the rule of law, he has been torn, people who know him say, between the loyalty he feels toward his wife and an assault on his profession and his ideals that he did not anticipate when he cheered on election night—delivered by her boss.** &gt; &gt;During that period, he has walked away from a powerful job running the Justice Department’s civil division, where he would have served as one of the administration’s top lawyers. And he has become a Twitter phenom—tweeting and retweeting critiques of the president and support for the Mueller probe that his wife’s employer calls a “witch hunt.” **Many in the White House have noticed, including Kellyanne and, according to multiple administration officials, the president himself.** &gt; &gt;The pushback coming from inside the house of Trump’s lead cable-news defender has become one of Washington’s favorite family dramas. In “Conway versus Conway,” George attacks the president, or seems to defend the Mueller probe, while Kellyanne puts her own credibility on the line to defend Trump, who has escalated his verbal assaults on the Russia inquiry and this week even demanded an investigation of the investigation. &gt; &gt;... &gt; &gt;**People who know Conway read the tweets not as any betrayal of his wife but rather as someone who is restraining himself for her benefit, and who would be much more outspoken if it weren’t for her current job.** Maybe he would be writing more op-eds, they say. Or speaking out in other ways. But under the constraints of his current situation, the retweet is the perfect crime: It allows Conway to unload without, exactly, unloading. &gt; &gt;**Even so, friends have warned him, at times, that even his retweets are attracting too much attention and that he should stop—for his own professional reputation, as much as his wife’s. So far, he hasn’t heeded their advice.** &gt; &gt;... &gt; &gt;Kellyanne Conway’s allies in the White House have worried, at times, about her husband’s tweets—worried about how they will be wielded in the snake-pit environment of the communications department, where enemies might try to use her husband as a weapon against her. “I had some angst for her,” said one former administration official. “My anxiety was that he was putting Kellyanne in a bad spot. But I don’t think it affected her at all. Her standing with the president is rock solid. She’s as loyal as it gets—sometimes to a fault.” The source added: “I would say the likely impact of George’s tweets inside the White House is negligible.” &gt; &gt;**And while the general reaction from inside the building was a giant “WTF” when he started expressing disagreement with the administration, a year in, they are generally now viewed with nothing more than an eye roll: It’s weird, but it’s just George being George.** Most people now view his wife as one of the last inner-circle aides left whose loyalty the president counts on. One administration official said Kellyanne Conway is so close with the president that she would feel comfortable flagging her husband’s tweets for the president herself. &gt; &gt;...
It was a journal article that I read for a school class a few years ago, but I’ll see if I can dig it up!
This article is mainly about the BC Greens, who got 17% of the popular vote, and (based on polls) over 20% support among white voters.
This article is mainly about the BC Greens, who got 17% of the popular vote, and (based on polls) had over 20% support among white voters. The question is why their support among BCers with Asian heritage was so much lower.
The poll in the article showed that the BC Greens had about 20% support among white voters in 2017. I think that’s pretty substantial, don’t you? And they only won 3 seats due to FPTP, but it was enough for them to hold the balance of power.
They won 17% of the overall popular vote in the BC election, so given that their support is concentrated primarily among white voters, it would actually be surprising if they won *less* than 21% of white voters.
We can, but only if all 10 provinces will agree to it, according to the Supreme Court.
Great video, thanks for posting that.
&gt;Wasn't there a study done recently that found Toronto's gender ratio in cycling highly favours men, and after survey they found it's because cyclists (and women in the majority) are afraid to cycle the city core because it's too dangerous? That would make sense. I don't know about Toronto's case specifically, but generally cities without safe/comfortable cycling infrastructure have disproportionately high ratios of men cycling, and as cycling infrastructure improves, the gender ratio balances out more. I've seen numbers from Vancouver, as it found that to be the case.
I'm a cyclist (among other things), and I agree with that. If a car has its right blinker on, then a cyclist (or driver) behind them should either A) wait for them to make their turn, or B) pass them on the left, if appropriate. Passing on the right is very dangerous in that situation.
Looking at the voting history of this riding, it's one of the most erratic ridings I've ever seen, and has very little "party loyalty". [https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Chicoutimi&amp;#37;E2&amp;#37;80&amp;#37;94Le\_Fjord](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Chicoutimi%E2%80%94Le_Fjord) In the past 4 elections (2008, 2011, 2015, and this by-election), it has elected MPs from 4 different parties. The past 11 elections have gone: Liberal, PC, PC, Bloc, PC, Liberal, Bloc, Bloc, Bloc, NDP, Liberal, Conservative And it seems like 20-40&amp;#37; swings are almost normal in this riding. For example: * In 1984, the PCs surge from 18&amp;#37; to 60&amp;#37; support * In 1988, the PCs increase even further to 70&amp;#37; support, and the Liberals fall to 18&amp;#37; (compared to 68&amp;#37; in 1980) * In 1993, the PCs fall from 70&amp;#37; to 24&amp;#37;, and the Bloc arrives as a new party with 64&amp;#37; support * In 1997, the PCs increase from 24&amp;#37; to 44&amp;#37; * In 2000, the PCs fail to put a candidate on the ballot, and the Liberals surge from 11&amp;#37; to 48&amp;#37; * In 2006, the Conservatives go from 5&amp;#37; to 25&amp;#37; * In 2011, the NDP surge from 8&amp;#37; to 38&amp;#37; * In 2015, the Liberals go from 6&amp;#37; to 31&amp;#37; * In 2018, the Conservatives go from 16&amp;#37; to 52&amp;#37;
Can you elaborate? On what kinds of issues does he tend to be particularly left-wing?
I found the journal article, it's called "Condominium and the City: The Rise of Property in Vancouver" (2011): [https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/pdf/10.1111/j.1747-4469.2011.01247.x](https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/pdf/10.1111/j.1747-4469.2011.01247.x) You probably can't access the full article unless you're a student (or somehow have journal access), but here's the summary: &gt;AbstractCondominium is a form of land ownership that combines private ownership of an individual unit in a multi‐unit building with an undivided share of the common property in the building and a right to participate in the collective governance of the private and common property. Introduced by statute across North America in the 1960s, condominium facilitated the vertical subdivision of land and enabled a massive increase in the density of private interests. This article describes condominium and considers the justifications that were offered for this rearrangement of property. It then chronicles the introduction of condominium to the city of Vancouver and maps its spread across the city from 1970 to 2010. In doing so, the article reveals that condominium, a legal innovation without peer in its capacity to increase the density of private ownership in land, has provided the legal architecture of ownership for the remaking of Vancouver.
&gt;It's unheard of for the Senate to send a bill back twice. It used to be unheard of, but the Senate is getting bolder and bolder lately... Last month, they rejected a House bill twice (about rail lines and grain movement), sending it back for amendments, before finally accepting the will of the House of Commons when it came to them for a 3rd vote. And even then, on the 3rd vote in the Senate, it still only passed 41-31, as the Conservative senators tried to reject it for a 3rd time, hoping to force the House to accept their amendments. [Senate rejects Commons' transportation bill C-49 for 2nd time - May 9, 2018](http://www.cbc.ca/news/politics/senate-insists-on-amendments-transport-bill-1.4656010) [Senators bow to will of elected government on transport modernization bill - May 23, 2018](http://www.cbc.ca/news/politics/transportation-bill-passes-1.4674077)
&gt; The province will have more money to help the poor now. No they won’t: Ford already announced that he’ll scrap the cap-and-trade program, so he’s killing the revenue source that paid for this.
Check the history of that riding. The results swing wildly, almost every election.
That can work when there's an entrenched party system (like provincial or federal politics), but wouldn't be good for municipal, because it would screw over independent candidates and new parties.
&gt;**TransLink announced Monday the final recommendations of its fare review including scrapping the zone system for rapid transit lines like the SkyTrain, Canada Line and SeaBus. Instead, fares would be based on the number of kilometres travelled.** &gt; &gt;**If adopted, it would mean crossing Burrard Inlet on the SeaBus would cost only $2.20 compared to the $4 it costs today** – the same as it costs to take the bus over the Lions Gate Bridge or Ironworkers Memorial Second Narrows Crossing. &gt; &gt;“We’re not giving the SeaBus any special treatment through this. All we’re doing is trying to make the way we price rapid transit in the gated system in our network is consistent. Right now the SeaBus is a short trip that just happens to cross a zone boundary,” said Andrew Devlin, TransLink’s manager of policy and development. &gt; &gt;**After the first five kilometres travelled on rapid transit, the cost per kilometer will creep incrementally upward to a capped rate about the same as a three-zone fare today.** SeaBus travellers transferring to the SkyTrain or Canada Line should be able to make it as far as Granville Station or Vancouver City Centre station before the higher costs start to kick in. &gt; &gt;**The monthly pass system will also be updated giving daily transit riders options. Instead of buying a $126 monthly two-zone pass, North Shore commuters will be able to choose from 5-km, 7-km, 10-km, 13-km, 17-km or 20-plus-km monthly pass options that range from $93 to $172 per month.**
Good catch, I think you’re right about that.
The advisory council on cannabis wasn’t meaningless, and had many of its recommendations become policy. The same is true for many (but not all) other committees like this. And it’s different then having a committee of partisan MPs that was set up to consider approaches for electoral reform. There’s no guarantees, but at this point in time, I don’t see much reason yet to assume it’ll fail.
Well it’s like this. Government of Canada 2 years ago: “starting in 2018 provinces need to have either a carbon tax or a cap-and-trade system in place, to reduce GHG emissions. If they don’t, then we’ll apply a carbon tax in that province, and return the revenues to that province” Doug Ford 1 week ago: “we’re scrapping Ontario’s cap-and-trade system Government of Canada: “okay, if cap-and-trade is gone then we’ll start preparing to apply a carbon tax” So they’re just following through on what they said all along.
So more money will go to the public accounts, and less will go to the private landowners, selling the land to developers?
&gt;20 years ago no one had a problem riding their bike in busy downtown traffic That's some revisionist history... Twenty years ago, a lot of people would have never even considered biking downtown, because they wouldn't feel safe. Now those people can comfortably ride downtown in the protected bike lanes on Dunsmuir or Hornby. There's a lot more people biking in Vancouver now than there was 20 years ago (or even 10 years ago), and it's not a coincidence. The cities that have made it more safe and convenient to cycle, are the ones where the amount of cycling is increasing the most.
&gt;Saying she’s heard from many people that bike lanes are dangerous Dangerous for who??
Sounds like Wai Young is going to spice up the election campaign, that's for sure... &gt;Lots of populist red meat in Young’s prepared remarks. &gt; &gt;“City Hall is broken” &gt; &gt;“Bike lanes are divisive and discriminatory” &gt; &gt;“I do not have a political agenda” &gt; &gt;The school tax is “a socialist capital appropriation” &gt; &gt;“Let’s stop the decade of dictatorship” Also found this interesting: &gt;The president is a former NPA board member (Peter Labrie). He says over 1,000 people have signed up to the party, and they will appeal to the "urban female vote" the "Asian community", "people that have traditional values", and many others. The "urban female vote" and "people that have traditional values" are not a very common political alliance... good luck with that.
[.@WaiYoung is coming hard and fast with the tweets just after announcing she's running for mayor. #vanpoli](https://twitter.com/KelvinGawley/status/1009888046639034374) Her tweet storm in that link is worth a read, lol.
&gt; Alice Wong is still the undisputed champion of uselessness. She's also the only remaining Conservative MP in the entire Lower Mainland, aside from one in Langley/Aldergrove.
Let's turn Boundary Road into Boundary Moat!
Well this time the petition is sponsored by a Liberal MP, so maybe it'll be more successful.
Out of curiosity, have you done this analysis for any other elections (eg. 2011 federal election)?
The raw data probably doesn't interest many people, but here's a great website where you can see the data on maps: [http://www.election-atlas.ca/ont/](http://www.election-atlas.ca/ont/) Click on a riding, and it will create a coloured dot on each polling station, showing how that area voted. Also, click on "view data for: Poll-by-Poll", as it will make the colours more visible.
That seems like a silly argument... you're arguing that a politician can't be "for the people" unless they implement your preferred minimum wage rate? Is there really no room for debate about whether a $14 or $15 minimum wage is a better idea at the present time? What if someone else proposed a $16 minimum wage. Would that mean that supporters of a $15 minimum wage are no longer "for the people" either? (And for the record, I'm centre-left and not at all a supporter of Ford)
Stepping back from the debate on bike lanes, it is interesting that she's trying to re-direct the election campaign to be more about bike lanes and car parking, instead of about housing affordability and issues like that. As a [CBC article ](https://www.cbc.ca/news/canada/british-columbia/wai-young-vancouver-mayor-1.4717309)noted, her opening campaign speech didn't talk about housing at all, except to criticize the provincial NDP's school tax, which the municipal government has no power to change. &gt;Young did not mention housing in her remarks — aside from criticizing the "socialist capital appropriation" of the NDP's increased school tax on homes worth over $3 million.
It's worth noting that this isn't an arbitrary or random rezoning, it's an implementation of the Grandview Woodland community plan, which was developed through lots of consultation, and was approved 2 years ago. &gt;A total of 438 single-family and two-family properties in an East Vancouver neighbourhood are up for rezoning. &gt; &gt;**The rezoning was initiated by the City of Vancouver as part of the Grandview-Woodland community plan approved by council in 2016.** &gt; &gt;The measure is expected to enable the development of 3,000 new housing units. &gt; &gt;The number is about 42 percent of the 7,150 new homes that the Grandview-Woodland community plan is anticipated to generate in 30 years. &gt; &gt;Grandview-Woodland is bordered by Clark Drive, Nanaimo Street, East 12th Avenue, and Burrard Inlet. &gt; &gt;**The mass rezoning will establish new townhouse, rowhouse, four-storey apartment, and four-storey mixed use zones.** &gt; &gt;The proposed changes will create a four-storey apartment zone in areas along East 1st Avenue, East 12th Avenue, and Garden Drive. &gt; &gt;A number of areas along East 1st Avenue and Nanaimo Street will have a new zoning for 3.5-storey townhouses. &gt; &gt;Certain areas along Nanaimo Street will be for four-storey mixed-use apartment buildings.
&gt;Then the city politicians point to these areas, shrug, and walk home to their leafy SFH surrounded by other SFH. Andrea Reimer lives in this area (Grandview Woodlands). And the mayor lives in one of the densest parts of the city (West End), and supposedly a few other councillors live in the downtown area as well. So it kinda seems like you just made that up...
&gt;"I voted for OTHER people to get screwed, not me!" is an all too common attitude that gets no sympathy from me. Why do you assume this guy was trying to screw people over, when he cast his ballot? Maybe he just legitimately made a tough call between three options he wasn't thrilled with, as he says in the article.
There are a couple first nations reserves, but that's only a small portion of the land.
&gt;He knew someone was going to get screwed... Can you explain what you mean by that? &gt;That seems to support the notion that he was voting for other people to get screwed, not him. Was there an option under which nobody would get "screwed"? (whatever that means) A party whose policies would benefit everyone, and have negative impacts on nobody?
&gt;Well by not voting NDP you're screwing over students (grants) and young parents (daycare). So voting NDP is okay, but if someone votes for other parties, then they're voting to "screw people over"? Is that seriously the argument here? Sorry, but public policy involves trade-offs. There's no perfect option that will benefit everyone, there's always pros and cons. And you can't possibly claim that nobody would be negatively affected by an NDP win (and I say that as someone who voted NDP in BC and remains happy with my vote). Now, I can't stand Doug Ford. I personally think he was probably the worst option on the table (of the major parties). But that doesn't mean that the people who voted for him were ignorant or ill-intentioned.
He wrote a book about hockey while he was prime minister: [https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Stephen\_Harper#Personal\_life](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Stephen_Harper#Personal_life)
Trump's statements about Canada, in yesterday's speech: &gt;**“Canada! Nice guy, nice guy, prime minister Justin. I say, ‘Justin, what’s your problem, Justin?’”** Trump tells the crowd. **“So, Canada. Oh Canada, I love their national anthem, O Canada. I like ours better, however. No, Canada’s great, I love Canada.”** &gt; &gt;**“I left and everybody was happy,**” Trump said. **“I get onto Air Force One, and he doesn’t understand that Air Force One has 22 televisions. They have televisions in closets they have televisions in areas that no place has televisions, unlimited budget Air Force One.** &gt; &gt;**“So I get onto the plane and I see Justin Trudeau, prime minister of Canada, saying ‘Canada will not be bullied by the United States,’ I said ‘What are we doing here?’”** Trump said. &gt; &gt; **“That fact is that Canada has a 275 per cent tariff on dairy products, little thing called dairy products,”** Trump told the crowd Monday. &gt; &gt;**“So, lumber is a disaster, energy is a disaster and I see Justin saying ‘We fought World War One together. We fought World War Two together,’ that’s true,”** Trump said. **“We love Canada, but Canada is charging almost 300 per cent tariffs on dairy products and many other things.** &gt; &gt;**“I said, ‘Look if you wanna do that, we’re gonna put a little tariff on your cars coming in.’ And you know cars are a biggie,”** the president said.
No, the idea was to give permanent residents the right to vote municipally, not non-residents.
The local businesses would probably be against that though, as they like to have street parking available for customers, rather than more lanes for traffic. It's the same reason why some businesses argue against bike lanes in front of them, if it would reduce street parking.
The title seems a little bit click-baity. In the article, the city says the the apartments would be "above-average" rent compared to other new apartments on the west side of Vancouver (typically $1800 for a 1-bed), but are "more affordable than home ownership". They're not wrong...
I'm still shocked that they blocked Bremner's nomination, when he was their only candidate that actually had real policies (or council experience, for that matter). I'm interested to see how his plan for starting a new party works out. His heavily pro-density ideas will be polarizing, but that could pay off in the campaign, considering that the mayoral race has so many candidates and not a lot distinguishing them on the housing issue so far.
Have you ridden the Arbutus Greenway yet? If not, then that's a must. Riding east-west along 10th avenue or 37th avenue will let you see a lot of different neighourhoods around the city. Ontario street is a good one as well (and you could combine those routes into a nice loop). Here's a map of the city's bike routes, which I've found really useful: [http://vancouver.ca/files/cov/map-cycling-vancouver.pdf](http://vancouver.ca/files/cov/map-cycling-vancouver.pdf) And Translink has maps that include other communities in the region: [https://www.translink.ca/-/media/Documents/cycling/cycling\_routes/local\_area\_maps/TransLink&amp;#37;20Regional&amp;#37;20Cycling&amp;#37;20Map&amp;#37;20Vancouver&amp;#37;20Burnaby&amp;#37;20New&amp;#37;20Westminster.pdf](https://www.translink.ca/-/media/Documents/cycling/cycling_routes/local_area_maps/TransLink%20Regional%20Cycling%20Map%20Vancouver%20Burnaby%20New%20Westminster.pdf)
Some other interesting results: * Montreal (80&amp;#37;), Winnipeg (76&amp;#37;), and Halifax (64&amp;#37;) are the most likely to say bike lanes are good, while Calgary (46&amp;#37;) and Edmonton (42&amp;#37;) are the least likely to say that. Metro Vancouver is in the middle at 53&amp;#37;. * Winnipeg, Halifax, Montreal, and Toronto are the most likely to say their community has too few bike lanes, while more people in Calgary and Edmonton say they have too many * In Metro Vancouver, it's an even split: 30&amp;#37; say their community has too many bike lanes, 34&amp;#37; say it has too few, and 36&amp;#37; say it has about the right amount * Cyclists, transit users, and drivers are all in majority agreement that "too many cyclists don't follow the rules of the road" and that "too many drivers don't pay enough attention to bikes on the road" * In the sample they took, 7&amp;#37; cycle frequently, 16&amp;#37; use transit frequently, and 78&amp;#37; drive frequently
That's what I expected, but the poll found that 44&amp;#37; of drivers say there are "too few bike lanes" in their community, while only 17&amp;#37; say they are "too many" (and the remaining 39&amp;#37; say there are "about the right amount") Among transit users, 61&amp;#37; say there are "too few" bike lanes, and 13&amp;#37; say there are "too many" Among cyclists, 61&amp;#37; say there are "too few" bike lanes, and 7&amp;#37; say there are "too many"
Pretty interesting poll results. The percentage in each city saying "separated bike lanes are a good thing": * Montreal - 80&amp;#37; * Winnipeg - 76&amp;#37; * Halifax - 64&amp;#37; * Toronto's 416 area - 60&amp;#37; * Toronto's 905 area - 56&amp;#37; * Metro Vancouver - 53&amp;#37; * Calgary - 46&amp;#37; * Edmonton - 42&amp;#37; Some other results: * People in Winnipeg, Halifax, Montreal, and Toronto tend to say their community has "too few" bike lanes, while people in Calgary and Edmonton tend to say they have "too many", and people in Metro Vancouver are evenly split * Cyclists, transit users, and drivers are all in majority agreement that "too many cyclists don't follow the rules of the road" and that "too many drivers don't pay enough attention to bikes on the road" * In the sample they took, 7&amp;#37; cycle frequently, 16&amp;#37; use transit frequently, and 78&amp;#37; drive frequently
Not really true at all... Bicycle is the most affordable form of transportation (aside from walking, which has obvious limitations). You're right that most people who bike live in the city, not the suburbs, but you're not right in assuming they're richer. Most people in the City of Vancouver are renters, whereas most people in the suburbs (about 70&amp;#37;) are homeowners. It's a lot cheaper to rent an apartment in Kits and ride a bike, than to own a house in North Vancouver, Coquitlam or Surrey, and drive a car (\~20x the price of a bike, plus gas, insurance, and parking). [Here's a map ](https://censusmapper.ca/maps/972#12/49.2775/-123.1391)of the &amp;#37; of people cycling in each area of Vancouver, based on the 2016 Census data. [Now here's a map ](https://censusmapper.ca/maps/838?index=3#12/49.2558/-123.1332)of household incomes, based on the 2016 Census data. There's no obvious correlation, except that the **richest areas** of Vancouver (Kerrisdale, Dunbar, Shaughnessy, Southlands, and the west edge of Point Grey), mostly have relatively **low cycling** numbers. The highest cycling numbers are in the areas with low or middle incomes, lots of apartment buildings and lots of renters (eg. Grandview Woodlands, Mount Pleasant, Kits, Fairview). (And to be clear, I'm not suggesting that urban living is for everyone, or is a good financial decision for everyone. Some people want to have a home with a lot of space, or need to own a car, regardless of where they live. All I'm saying is that you can't assume living in the city means someone has a higher income, because some people's lifestyles actually allow them save money by living in the city, and owning less cars)
They are being serious, which probably seems odd if you haven't lived in BC. Long story short, BC politics is mostly\* a 2-party system of the left-leaning BC NDP vs the right-leaning BC Liberals. Generally speaking, the BC Liberals get votes from federal Conservative voters and right-leaning federal Liberal voters. Meanwhile, the BC NDP typically gets votes from federal NDP voters and left-leaning ones federal Liberal voters. For example, I saw a poll during the 2017 BC election showing that the BC Liberals had about 80&amp;#37; support among people who voted for the federal Conservatives, but only 50&amp;#37; support among people who voted federal Liberal. So it's not entirely fair to equate the BC Liberals with the federal Conservatives, but there is a lot of crossover between them. When BC Liberals run for federal office, they usually run for the Conservatives. And Conservative MP Dianne Watts recently ran for leader of the BC Liberals (and came in 2nd place). \*in 2017 the 2-party system got disrupted by the BC Greens, led by climate scientist Andrew Weaver, who managed to get 17&amp;#37; of the popular vote. But only time will tell whether that's the start of a new 3-party system in BC, or just an abberation
At least this is directly going towards providing people with alternatives. Transit won't fit everyone's needs, but the more transit we have, the more people that will find it useful and use it, instead of having to drive as much.
&gt;I find the comparison between city centres (Calgary, Edmonton, Halifax, etc) and the entire Metro Vancouver RD somewhat odd. Surely that's worth comment? Well Calgary and Edmonton are set up differently then Vancouver. For them, almost the whole metropolitan area is one municipality, so it's actually a reasonable comparison to Metro Vancouver. I don't know if that's the same for Halifax or not though. &gt;Also, does this mean that there is someone in Langley looking around and thinking "damn there's just *too many* separated bike lanes in these parts?" Haha good question. I suppose the question is also open differing interpretations: when someone hears "your community" do they just think about the local area they live in, or do they think about the whole city (especially if they commute from one area to another? I expect it varies from person to person. Someone in Langley think there's too many bike lanes in Vancouver, and answer on that basis.
&gt;I'd expect we're seeing the result of Montreal having the oldest network of separated lanes (so normalized and more support) and Edmonton and Calgary having the most recent dramatic increase in brand new protected lanes (more likely to be divisive). Cool to see how much support there is in Winnipeg. I think that explanation makes a lot of sense, especially Montreal, Calgary and Edmonton, and probably Vancouver as well: there's been a fairly rapid push towards bike lanes (in some areas), which meant more backlash compared to Montreal which has now had them for a long time. And I'm very curious to know why there's such high support in Winnipeg and Halifax. I've never heard of those cities having a lot of bike lanes or a lot of cycling (which perhaps is why they want more).
&gt;More bicycles means less traffic for those who drive. In the long term, I think so. But in the short term, the removal of vehicle lanes could slow down cars on certain routes, so I think that's where part of the backlash comes from. I'm all for bike lanes, but I don't think it's fair to just call everyone "ignorant" for being resistant to them.
&gt;I do find that a lot of the bike routes have tougher hills than adjacent streets. Lakewood (just east of Victoria drive) is bad in that regard. It's a bike route but it's like a roller coaster, whereas Victoria Drive has more cars but is much flatter...
Nah, for this one, most of the respondents say they mostly drive.
GDP growth in April is a reaction to an election that took place in June?
Is there a particular time you think was better? I’m sure there’s a case to be made for other times in Canada’s history, but every era has its challenges.
&gt;Anyway, as with all government accounting, the title here is misleading because they are buying a valuable asset, not giving the money away with nothing in return. Yep. If you count the purchase of the pipeline as adding to the deficit, then you have to count the sale of the pipeline (or other publicly-owned assets) as reducing the deficit, in the year when they sell them. If we go down that road, then a government could sell a bunch of assets in an election year, and use that to legitimately claim they have a "balanced budget", because you're accounting for the money but not the value of the assets involved.
And now COPE is running Patrick Condon for mayor, and he's opposed to the Broadway subway, and wants to run trains at street-level instead. Not likely to win, I would guess, but this mayoral race is wide open at this point, so anything could happen.
True, they just need to buy more trains so they can run them more frequently.
Seattle has been adding a lot more housing supply (especially rental), and it seems like it may be working out pretty well. Here's a news article from this week: [Seattle renters score big as landlords dangle freebies to fill empty apartments - Seattle Times](https://www.seattletimes.com/business/real-estate/free-amazon-echo-2-months-free-rent-2500-gift-cards-seattle-apartment-glut-gives-renters-freebies/) &gt;**As new apartments open across the city in record numbers, vacancy rates have grown, rents have stopped rising and landlords are offering an increasing number of freebies to get tenants in the door.** &gt; &gt;For years, the Seattle rental market was so heated that renters would constantly monitor online listings and quickly show up to available apartments with checkbooks and references in hand. For many apartments, they’d have to fill out applications on the spot and cross their fingers. &gt; &gt;Those days are over. A glut of new apartments washing over the city has quickly turned the tables as vacancy rates hit their highest levels since the recession, led by downtown Seattle, where one-fourth of all apartments are now sitting empty. &gt; &gt;**Landlords who are increasingly hard-pressed to fill their open apartments are offering deals like a free month’s rent, lucrative gift cards and even free electronics.** &gt; &gt;... &gt; &gt;**This is all happening because of the region’s record apartment-construction boom. Overall, the city is getting more new units this half-decade than in the previous 50 years combined, and the peak of the openings is happening right now.** &gt; &gt;**Even in 2016, the Seattle area was already building the most new apartments per capita of any big metro area in the country, according to a study by ApartmentList — and construction has only sped up since then.** &gt; &gt;The apartment openings have finally begun to outpace Seattle’s nation-leading population growth. Rental vacancy rates have grown, particularly in areas where lots of new apartments are going — namely, in and around downtown. &gt; &gt;... &gt; &gt;**This is all translating to somewhat better news for tenants on the rents they pay. Seattle was among the top six metro areas in the country for rent growth every year from 2015 to 2017, according to ApartmentList. But this year? It’s 22nd of out 25, and rents here have actually dropped slightly compared with the record highs reached last summer.** Funny enough, in that Seattle Times comment section, it's all NIMBYs saying "I guess the problem's solved, so don't you dare upzone my neighbourhood too!" Anyway, I think rezoning to allow more housing is probably the most useful thing that can be done at the municipal level, to help housing affordability. Particularly additional rental housing IMO. I support demand-side policies as well, but most of those policy levers are at the provincial level (and fortunately, the new BC government has been taking steps in that regard).
Apparently $4 million homes must be taxed at the same rate as $500,000 homes. If you tax the $4 million home at a higher rate, it's theft, or something like that.
Fair enough. I don't know about the part south of Marine Drive, where it splits and goes to Richmond and YVR, but I think I saw numbers saying that main trunk of the line (through Vancouver) can handle trains as frequently as 100 seconds or 120 seconds apart, whereas currently they run about 200 seconds (3:20) apart at peak times.
&gt;Anyone can wear whatever hat they want and get service. Who ever made that claim?
&gt;The revenue lost by the tax cuts are made up by more people being employed and paying taxes instead of relying on social assistance. They always make that claim, but it never turns out that way. The deficit is spiking due to Trump's tax cut, just as it did when Reagan cut taxes, and just as it did when George W cut taxes. (Though for what it's worth, I think Reagan's tax cuts were the most justifiable of the three) Here's what the US Congressional Budget Office found in April: [ Federal Budget Deficit Projected to Soar to Over $1 Trillion in 2020 - NYT](https://www.nytimes.com/2018/04/09/us/politics/federal-deficit-tax-cuts-spending-trump.html) &gt;WASHINGTON — **The federal government’s annual budget deficit is set to widen significantly in the next few years, and is expected to top $1 trillion in 2020 despite healthy economic growth**, according to [new projections](https://www.cbo.gov/publication/53651) from the nonpartisan Congressional Budget Office released Monday. &gt; &gt;... &gt; &gt;The budget office forecast is the first since President Trump signed a sweeping tax overhaul, then signed legislation to significantly increase military and domestic spending over the next two years. The figures are sobering, even in a political climate where deficit concerns appear to be receding. &gt; &gt;The tax overhaul, which includes permanent tax cuts for corporations and temporary ones for individuals, will increase the size of the economy by an average of 0.7 percent from 2018 to 2028, according to the budget office. &gt; &gt;**But that added economic growth does not come close to paying for the tax overhaul, which the budget office said would add more than $1.8 trillion to deficits over that period, from lost tax revenue and higher interest payments.** &gt; &gt;... &gt; &gt;**This fiscal year \[2018\], which ends Sept. 30, the budget deficit is expected to total $804 billion, up from $665 billion last fiscal year \[2017\]**, according to the projections. In a decade, the red ink is expected to reach $1.5 trillion. To put things into perspective, the $800 billion deficit in America is equivalent to a $80 billion deficit in a country with Canada's population. By comparison, Trudeau gets criticism for running a $17 billion deficit, and the largest deficit in Canadian history was $50 billion (during the recession in 2009/10). Just think about that. To me, it's completely irresponsible for Trump and the Republican congress to be cutting taxes and reducing revenue, at a time when unemployment is already low (minimal slack in the economy), and there is already a huge budget deficit. If they cared about debt, they should be raising taxes and lowering spending at this time. The economy is currently strong, so it's an ideal time to take those measures and reduce the deficit. And then whenever the next recession hits? *That* is when it would be a good time to cut taxes and/or increase spending, as a way to provide stimulus and temporarily boost the economy.
Didn't some bars/clubs ban Affliction-brand shirts and that kind of thing?
Not quite equivalent. It’s much easier to take off a hat than to stop being gay. Discriminating based on clothing (ie. dress codes, or this case) isn’t really the same as discriminating based on sexual orientation.
Correct. It's much easier to take off a MAGA hat than to stop having black skin. Discriminating based on clothing choices is not considered equivalent to discriminating based on race.
&gt;It wasn't that long ago that your neighbour could support the opposite party and you would still be friends. You still can in Canada, in most circles. I think that's a bigger issue in the US. Our politics isn't nearly as divisive as theirs (not yet, at least). I have friends and family members who voted for all of the Canadian political parties. It has never been a big issue, at worst it leads to slightly awkward conversations once in a while. And I've rarely heard of this being a huge issue for other people. On the other hand, polls in the US show that a lot of people wouldn't even want their child to marry a supporter of the other political party: &gt;**In 1960, just 5 percent of Republicans and 4 percent of Democrats said they would be unhappy if a son or daughter married someone from the other party.** In a YouGov survey from 2008 that posed a similar question, 27 percent of Republicans and 20 percent of Democrats said they’d be “somewhat” or “very upset” by that prospect. **By 2010, that share had jumped to half of Republicans and a third of Democrats.** [https://www.nytimes.com/2017/06/15/upshot/how-we-became-bitter-political-enemies.html](https://www.nytimes.com/2017/06/15/upshot/how-we-became-bitter-political-enemies.html) Just think about that. In 2010, about 50&amp;#37; of Republicans say they would be upset if their child married a Democrat, whereas in 1960, only 5&amp;#37; of them felt that way. The numbers for Democrats were lower (about 33&amp;#37; would be upset if their child married a Republican), but the numbers have probably risen since 2010. And 33&amp;#37; is still way higher than the 4&amp;#37; who felt that way in 1960.
What are the ideal qualifications of a cabinet minister? There's never really been a clear answer. Different people bring different perspectives, which have a real effect on policy decisions, and is why diverse representation at the cabinet table is important (at least when governing a diverse population). A room full of women will tend to view certain issues differently than a room full of men. A room full of people from rural areas will view issues differently than a room full of people from urban centres, or people from suburbs. A room full of Canadian-born people will tend to view some issues differently than a room full of people who were born elsewhere and immigrated here. A government's decisions will be more likely to reflects someone's interests if politicians who know and understand people like them have a seat at the table. It's still possible for a non-diverse government to effectively address the needs of people who have no representation in cabinet, but it's likely to have more blindspots. Ontario is a very diverse province, and Ford's cabinet looks to be disproportionately white and rural (and male, to a lesser extent). That doesn't necessarily mean they'll do a bad job, and no cabinet's representation of diversity can be perfect, but it does indicate some potential blindspots.
Yeah it'll be exciting to watch the changes in the Oakridge area, looks like it could become a real urban hub for south Vancouver. I also like that they'll be creating more public plazas and "complete streets" around the area (which I assume includes bike lanes). My only disappointment is that they aren't adding more density and retail around Cambie+King Edward though, that seems like a missed opportunity with the station there. That area is mostly going to remain zoned for detached houses, by the looks of it.
I thought this article was an interesting and amusing read. &amp;#x200B; &gt;Traffic anarchy. Head-on collisions. Confused horses. &gt; &gt;No one knew what to expect on Dec. 1, 1922, when New Brunswick switched to the right-hand rule of the road at the stroke of midnight. &gt; &gt;For as long as anyone could remember, drivers in the province had obeyed the left-hand rule of the road — handed down from the province's colonial past. &gt; &gt;... &amp;#x200B;
For those who don't want to read the whole article, here are some key passages from it, explaining what it's all about: &amp;#x200B; &gt;... &gt; &gt;Generally, federal employees have been free to express opinions about policies and legislative activity at work as long as they do not advocate voting for or against particular candidates in partisan elections. &gt; &gt;But in a guidance document distributed on Wednesday, the independent agency that enforces the Hatch Act, a law that bars federal employees from taking part in partisan political campaigns at work or in an official capacity, warned that making or displaying statements at work about impeaching or resisting Mr. Trump is likely to amount to illegal political activity. &gt; &gt;... &gt; &gt;The reasoning behind the guidance centers on the fact that Mr. Trump is already running for re-election in 2020. It contends that arguments about his policies or impeachment prospects are effectively statements in support or opposition to his campaign. &gt; &gt;“We understand that the ‘resistance’ and ‘#resist’ originally gained prominence shortly after President Trump’s election in 2016 and generally related to efforts to oppose administration policies,” the guidance said. “However, ‘resistance,’ ‘#resist’ and similar terms have become inextricably linked with the electoral success (or failure) of the president.” &gt; &gt;And while impeachment is primarily about removing a president from office, the agency said that because a removed president would also apparently become disqualified from holding federal office in the future, supporting or opposing Mr. Trump’s impeachment amounts to taking a stand on his potential re-election. &gt; &gt;“Advocating for a candidate to be impeached, and thus potentially disqualified from holding federal office, is clearly directed at the failure of that candidate’s campaign for federal office,” the guidance said. “Similarly, advocating against a candidate’s impeachment is activity directed at maintaining that candidate’s eligibility for federal office and therefore also considered political activity.” &gt; &gt;Several legal specialists raised concerns about the new guidance, warning that it would intimidate people into avoiding even casual discussions with colleagues that should not be deemed banned by the statute. &gt; &gt;... &gt; &gt;Ana Galindo-Marrone, the chief of the Office of Special Counsel’s [Hatch Act unit](https://osc.gov/Pages/HatchAct.aspx) since 2000, said she and her deputy came up with the interpretation after receiving numerous questions about the rules. She argued that the guidance fit within the office’s past interpretations, while noting that Mr. Trump’s presidency has raised new wrinkles: The two presidents subjected to impeachment proceedings since the Hatch Act became law, Richard M. Nixon and Bill Clinton, were in their second terms and so ineligible to run for president again anyway. &gt; &gt;Ms. Galindo-Marrone also said the Hatch Act often raises “gray area” situations, in which investigators have to carefully consider all the facts and circumstances before deciding whether a line has been crossed. She contrasted what she deemed the clear case of someone who displays a sign or button that says “Impeach Trump” at work with the murkier case of someone who says that while discussing the news with a colleague over lunch in a federal building. &gt; &gt;Still, Kathleen Clark, a law professor at Washington University in St. Louis who specializes in government ethics issues, criticized the idea of bootstrapping the notion of impeachment to the 2020 election at all. &gt; &gt;“This goes beyond past guidance about what partisan political activity is, and is more restrictive of speech of federal employees than past guidance that I’ve been able to find,” she said, adding: “I think their legal analysis is wrong in this attempt to outlaw all discussion of impeachment of Trump in the federal workplace. Maybe that is a good idea, maybe that is a bad idea, but I don’t think that is what the Hatch Act requires." &amp;#x200B;
Voting is mostly along party lines, but that's the last stage of the process. You could argue that the more important part is determining what's in the legislation (and what the party line is on that legislation) and MPs get to play a role in that. They get to directly review and revise legislation through committee work, and they can try to influence the party stances on issues through caucus discussions, meetings with ministers, etc. &amp;#x200B; And they do have a role on resolving local matters, but I'm not entirely sure how that works, so perhaps someone else can explain that better than me.
Grewal was only elected in 2015, so he has no chance of serving 6 years and getting a government pension, regardless of whether he resigns now, in a few months, or at the end of the term.
&gt;When the top job with the Ontario Provincial Police was posted in October, Ron Taverner couldn’t apply, because his rank was too low. &gt; &gt;Two days later, the job requirements were changed — paving the way for the Ford family friend to apply. &gt; &gt;He got the job. &gt; &gt;... &gt; &gt;Community Safety Minister Sylvia Jones said in Tuesday’s question period that the posting was changed to broaden the pool of prospective applicants. &gt; &gt;... &gt; &gt;Taverner has served in the Toronto Police Service since 1967. As superintendent, he is the unit commander for three divisions that overlap with Ford’s home community of Etobicoke, Ont. &gt; &gt;With his new job — which he will start on Dec. 17 — Taverner will leapfrog over the OPP ranks of chief superintendent and deputy commissioner to become commissioner. &gt; &gt;... &gt; &gt;Jones told reporters that 27 people applied for the job and 15 of them were interviewed. &gt; &gt;... &amp;#x200B; It's possible it was just a nice coincidence that worked out well for Ford's friend, or it's possible there was political interference in this hiring process... which is starting to become a theme: &amp;#x200B; &gt;The Ford government is already facing questions over its involvement in appointments in the electricity sector. &gt; &gt;Ford’s chief of staff, Dean French, was accused of interfering with hiring at Ontario Power Generation last month. He reportedly asked the provincial Crown corporation to fire Alykhan Velshi, who held a key post in the office of former PC leader Patrick Brown, according to reporting by the Globe and Mail. &gt; &gt;And last week, the Globe reported that the premier’s office is in a standoff with Hydro One over the selection of its next CEO.
Sure, but why would you set those cases aside? Resignation and death aren’t really things you can predict (with confidence) in advance of someone’s presidency.
&gt;I really don't see how this is possible at this point. We don't have the technology ready, and its not even on the horizon yet. Which kinds of technology are you referring to? &amp;#x200B; We certainly have the ability to produce electricity from clean renewable sources (and over 60% of Canadian electricity is already from renewables). Hydro faces geographical limitations, but there are still more locations where it can be built. And the cost of producing wind and solar has dropped dramatically over the past 10-15. The technology to electrify many sources of GHG emissions (eg. transportation and buildings) is also on the horizon (electric vehicles, heat pumps, etc.) and their production costs are dropping every year, as the technology improves. Plus we have nutritious and enjoyable food alternatives to meat, that are becoming more plentiful, and more widely available every year, as a way to reduce emissions from agriculture and food production. Cleaner technologies in many sectors now exist, it's mainly a matter of whether or not we'll make the public investments, public policies, and private choices, that are required for us to make the switch. That's for us to decide.
I think Pro-choice and Anti-abortion would be fair labels for both.
That seems fine to me.
&gt;SEFC NEU To save everyone from having to google that... it means "Southeast False Creek Neighbourhood Energy Utility" &amp;#x200B; [https://vancouver.ca/home-property-development/southeast-false-creek-neighbourhood-energy-utility.aspx](https://vancouver.ca/home-property-development/southeast-false-creek-neighbourhood-energy-utility.aspx)
For what it's worth, the official stats collected show that on average, Hornby gets used by \~900 people per day in December, and \~3000 people per day in July. We may disagree on whether or not it's worthwhile, but those numbers are much more helpful than a random anecdote. [https://vancouver.ca/files/cov/Bike-lane-stats-by-month.pdf](https://www.google.com/url?sa=t&amp;rct=j&amp;q=&amp;esrc=s&amp;source=web&amp;cd=1&amp;ved=2ahUKEwj8g-iv4YvfAhVM4qwKHYOjDzEQFjAAegQIChAC&amp;url=https%3A%2F%2Fvancouver.ca%2Ffiles%2Fcov%2FBike-lane-stats-by-month.pdf&amp;usg=AOvVaw2X5GvdiJxxpukGGW9Awg_X) &amp;#x200B; Again FWIW, the 2016 Census found that about 6% of people in the City of Vancouver commuted by bike on Census day (in May 2016). And that doesn't include people who commute by bike sometimes (but not that day), or people who bike recreationally or to get around the city (but not to commute). Lots of people bike in this city. If you mean that less than 1% of the population will use *that particular bike lane* on a daily basis... well yeah, it's literally one lane on one street. Most people probably live on a street that gets used by less than 1% of the population each day. That doesn't mean the city shouldn't have built (and repaired) those streets, or that it isn't important to the people who use it. &amp;#x200B; Last thing, according to the city's manager of transportation design: &amp;#x200B; &gt;"Traffic volumes on Richards Street aren't very high outside of the afternoon peak period. The traffic very easily fits into a single travel lane," said Storer. &amp;#x200B; And during the afternoon peak, it says there will be parking restrictions to open up a second lane. Seems like a reasonable solution.
I think it's a mix of: &amp;#x200B; * people who live in car-dependent areas with bad transit * people who have to stop somewhere on the way to/from work (eg. picking up kids), which makes transit inconvenient for them * people who could use transit, but choose to drive because they simply don't like taking transit, and they're willing to pay for parking * people who could use transit, but choose to drive because it's faster, and they're willing to pay for parking Maybe there's other reasons I've missed as well...
Great point!
I think they were describing the Green Energy Act, not Doug Ford.
&gt;In a healthy market where the sellers (and buyers) are both residents with their normal lives going on, that'd be the case. But in a market full of speculators Uhhh, there are 2.5 million residents living in Metro Vancouver... people going about their normal lives. As time passes, some people find themselves in circumstances where they simply *have* to sell their property and move. It could be due to a job relocation, divorce, death, upsizing due to kids, moving to be closer to family, etc. &amp;#x200B; Those life events can happen here and everywhere, and they cause people to move, regardless of what the housing market looks like that year, and regardless of whether their property can fetch the price they'd ideally want.
Huawei isn't mentioned anywhere in your source.
&gt;Yeah there must be a reason Australia and the U.S. don’t want a part of it... &amp;#x200B; I mean, it has "UN" and "migration" in the title. There's no way the Trump administration would sign it, regardless of what's actually in the agreement. It literally has two of Trump's least favourite things in the title. &amp;#x200B; His views on immigration are well known, and last time he went to the UN general assembly, they laughed at him for saying that he's accomplished more than almost any president in history. &amp;#x200B; Plus, in today's news: [Trump Picks the Former Fox News Anchor Heather Nauert as His U.N. Ambassador - The New Yorker](https://www.newyorker.com/news/news-desk/trump-picks-a-former-fox-anchor-as-his-un-ambassador)
Probably none? &amp;#x200B; He was only gone for 3 seasons, and he scored less than 80 points in the seasons before and after his time in the KHL. &amp;#x200B; Surprisingly, he only scored back-to-back 100 point seasons once in his career, which was 1998 and 1999.
It would come directly from the carbon tax revenue... &amp;#x200B; It's literally stated in the third paragraph of that article. &amp;#x200B; The carbon tax/dividend approach will disproportionately benefit people of lower or middle incomes, since on average we don't pollute as much as higher-income people, and the dividend goes to everyone equally.
&gt;I'm not saying I'm necessarily against a carbon tax but there is no question that this is going to absolutely trickle down to the middle class and the poor The dividends from the carbon tax will also go the middle class and the poor, and for most people, they'll get more from the dividend than they'll pay in carbon tax. &amp;#x200B; People who pollute way more than the average person in their province would pay more than they get back, but everyone else would be better off.
In some industries, it might cause cleaner firms to succeed and expand while the dirtier ones fail. Or if a company pollutes a lot and is going to take a hit to their profits, it might lead them to invest in cleaner technologies, so they'll pay less carbon tax. &amp;#x200B; It's worth keeping in mind that 90% of Canadians live in provinces that currently have carbon pricing, or had it until a few months ago (in the case of Ontario). &amp;#x200B; The theory that it would lead to higher unemployment has not come true at all. &amp;#x200B; In fact, the provinces in Canada that implemented carbon pricing (either a carbon tax or cap-and-trade) have among the lowest unemployment rates in the country. &amp;#x200B; BC has had a carbon tax since 2008, and Quebec has had a cap-and-trade system since 2013, and they are #1 and #2 in the country for lowest unemployment. &amp;#x200B; Ontario also had cap-and-trade (until recently). In June, before they removed cap-and-trade, they had the 3rd lowest unemployment rate. Now they're at #4. &amp;#x200B; Alberta implemented a carbon tax in January 2017. Since then, they've gone from 7th lowest unemployment rate (8.5% in December 2016) to 6th lowest unemployment (6.3% in November 2018). &amp;#x200B; November 2018 stats: [https://www150.statcan.gc.ca/n1/daily-quotidien/181207/t003a-eng.htm](https://www150.statcan.gc.ca/n1/daily-quotidien/181207/t003a-eng.htm) &amp;#x200B; June 2018 stats: [https://www150.statcan.gc.ca/n1/daily-quotidien/180706/t003a-eng.htm](https://www150.statcan.gc.ca/n1/daily-quotidien/180706/t003a-eng.htm) &amp;#x200B; December 2016 stats: [https://www150.statcan.gc.ca/n1/daily-quotidien/170106/t003a-eng.htm](https://www150.statcan.gc.ca/n1/daily-quotidien/170106/t003a-eng.htm)
Yep. Right now, the provinces with the lowest unemployment rates are BC (4.4%) and Quebec (5.4%). &amp;#x200B; BC has had a carbon tax since 2008, and Quebec has had cap-and-trade since 2013. &amp;#x200B; Additionally, Alberta brought in a carbon tax in January 2017. Since then, their unemployment rate has dropped from 8.5% (in December 2016) to 6.3% (in November 2018). &amp;#x200B; The theory that carbon taxes will kill the economy seems to be complete nonsense, considering that the provinces with carbon pricing have all seen economic growth, faster than the rest of the country. But that doesn't stop the fearmongering. &amp;#x200B; November 2018 unemployment stats: [https://www150.statcan.gc.ca/n1/daily-quotidien/181207/t003a-eng.htm](https://www150.statcan.gc.ca/n1/daily-quotidien/181207/t003a-eng.htm) &amp;#x200B; December 2016 stats: [https://www150.statcan.gc.ca/n1/daily-quotidien/170106/t003a-eng.htm](https://www150.statcan.gc.ca/n1/daily-quotidien/170106/t003a-eng.htm)
Fortunately, the tax rebates (dividends) paid out from the carbon tax revenue will also disproportionately benefit the poor and middle class. Similar to the GST rebates (although I think those only go to the poor).
&gt;41% is not a great turnout. That's down from 55.12% from the ER referndum in 2009. And even further down from the turnout for the ER referendum in 2005, with a 61.48% turnout. &amp;#x200B; You might not realize this (which is understandable, since I think you're out of province), but those referendums had higher turnout because they took place at the same time as the provincial elections of 2005 and 2009. &amp;#x200B; It's no surprise that a single-issue referendum would have lower turnout than a referendum that is attached to the provincial general election ballot.
The reason to do the referendum mid-term is that if the current government lasts until 2021, then the next provincial election can be held under the new system. If it happens sooner, then the election will be FPTP, but the following election would be under PR (depending on the referendum results). &amp;#x200B; And people have had ample opportunity to vote. To be honest, I'm surprised that 41% of people cared enough to bother to vote on this issue. &amp;#x200B; The HST and transit referendums each got about 50% voter turnout, and provincial elections get 50% to 60% turnout, when they affect a wide range of issues.
Does anyone else find it weird when people conflate "lower pollution" with "political correctness"? &amp;#x200B; The idea of political correctness is mostly about the language people use, and social interactions and norms. &amp;#x200B; I don't think switching to less-polluting technologies has anything to do with being "politically correct". I'm not being "politically correct" if I bike to the store, instead of driving.
&gt;What's going to happen when the Lions Gate bridge is shut down in 12 years? It's not gonna be shut down... &amp;#x200B; If I recall, there was a story a couple years ago, saying that might happen, after a journalist dug up some old documents from decades ago. However all of the mayors in the area said there's no chance it will be shut down, and that the plan only would have been considered if a 3rd crossing had been built (which never happened).
double-post, just FYI
Exactly.
If I recall, they started attacking the NDP once they passed the Liberals in the polls.
Indeed, the Senate's structure has unfortunately been frozen in time, while the country's population distribution changed completely. &amp;#x200B; It's one of those things that doesn't make sense in a modern context, but changing it is more trouble than it's worth, so status quo bias prevails.
To be fair, our provincial legislatures operate without a senate. &amp;#x200B; Personally I'm pretty neutral on the senate, but since the courts say you need 10/10 provinces to support a constitutional amendment to abolish the senate, I say let's just not bother.
What was BC Report?
Why not both?
Income tax rates were cut when the carbon tax was brought in (back in 2008), and they've remained at that lowered rate since then. &amp;#x200B; That was one of the things the carbon tax revenue was used for in BC (along with corporate tax cuts, rebates to lower-income residents, and rebates to rural residents). &amp;#x200B; That doesn't necessarily mean you've benefitted financially overall from the tax and its uses (maybe you have, maybe not). Just saying that the proceeds of the tax in BC were used for a mix of purposes, and at least one of them benefitted you, to some degree.
&gt;If you care about the debt, you tend not to be Liberal. &amp;#x200B; In the past 20 years, the Canadian federal government has run 12 budget surpluses, and 9 of them were under the Liberals... &amp;#x200B; &gt;they don't really care about the debt, otherwise they would've spoke up during Wynne's rule. &amp;#x200B; That's a weird claim to make, considering that lots of Liberal voters abandoned the Liberals in the recent Ontario election. They fell from around 40% to 20% of the vote, so clearly Liberal voters were willing to hold their own party accountable. &amp;#x200B; That's different than the Ontario PCs (or the federal Conservatives), who seem to be guaranteed at least 30% of the vote in every election, no matter what they do or who they choose as leader (Doug Ford? Tim Hudak?).
Since it's a short article, here's the entire thing: &amp;#x200B; &gt;TORONTO - Bond rating agency Moody's has downgraded the province of Ontario's credit rating. &gt; &gt;The agency announced the downgrade from Aa3 to Aa2 today, citing the province's $14.5-billion deficit in 2018-2019 and projections that it will continue to post deficits in the coming years. &gt; &gt;Moody's says the combination of increased debt and slow revenue growth will result in a faster than previously anticipated increase of the province's debt burden. &gt; &gt;The agency says the province will be subject to greater impact of interest rates increases, which it projects to jump over the next three to five years. &gt; &gt;Finance Minister Vic Fedeli blamed the previous Liberal government for the creating the circumstances that have led to the credit downgrade. &gt; &gt;But Moody's also says that actions taken by the current government to reduce revenue levels will add to the budgetary pressures facing the province.
With the budget already offered for the LRT, they can build the Skytrain to Fleetwood, which will take several years. Then in a future phase they can extend it to Langley. &amp;#x200B; [https://vancouversun.com/news/local-news/metro-mayors-tell-surrey-to-pay-for-cost-of-abandoned-lrt](https://vancouversun.com/news/local-news/metro-mayors-tell-surrey-to-pay-for-cost-of-abandoned-lrt) &amp;#x200B; Here's a map: [https://postmediavancouversun2.files.wordpress.com/2018/12/1214-mayors-council-01-1.png?w=1881&amp;h=1835](https://postmediavancouversun2.files.wordpress.com/2018/12/1214-mayors-council-01-1.png?w=1881&amp;h=1835)
&gt;Mayors also discussed the fact that they had voted last month to work within the existing money set aside for light rail, which is $1.65 billion and staff’s belief that the entire project, from Surrey to Langley, cannot be built for that amount as the current cost estimate is $2.9 billion. &gt; &gt;**Instead it will make it to Fleetwood or Clayton Heights and a second phase will have to be done using part of the $1.9 billion in anticipated funding from the third phase of the regional transit plan set aside for South of Fraser rapid transit.** &amp;#x200B; The article has a good map, showing the potential first stage to 164th street in Fleetwood (which could be built with the $1.65 billion already budgeted). &amp;#x200B; [https://postmediavancouversun2.files.wordpress.com/2018/12/1214-mayors-council-01-1.png?w=1881&amp;h=1835](https://postmediavancouversun2.files.wordpress.com/2018/12/1214-mayors-council-01-1.png?w=1881&amp;h=1835) &amp;#x200B; Also noteworthy: the official estimated cost of Skytrain to Langley is $2.9 billion, but Doug McCallum seems to be saying he can bring it down to $1.65 billion, by building part of the project at grade (street-level) and allowing construction crews to work around the clock. &amp;#x200B; &gt;After the meeting, McCallum reiterated his belief — for which he has not provided any business case or studies — that the line can be built all the way to Langley for $1.65 billion. He bases his claim on the idea that costs can be reduced by building part of the project at grade and allowing construction crews to work around the clock. &amp;#x200B; On a side note, Skytrain can be built at grade in some places (like parts of the Evergreen Line) but it still has to go over top of any intersections (or under them).
Would cancelling the contract actually save lives? In a different article (in the Globe) I read that researchers in Stockholm say that if Canada cancels, Saudi will buy them from either South Korea, China, or Russia. &amp;#x200B; I'm not necessarily opposed to taking a "principled stand" on the issue, but it's not clear that it would actually prevent Saudi Arabia from acquiring armored vehicles.
The article specifically mentions training: &amp;#x200B; &gt; **Money is being set aside for helping companies invest in clean growth, for loans and other financial supports to locate new markets outside of the United States, and for investments in training and new technology.** &amp;#x200B; &amp;#x200B;
The joys of having a 2-party system in the US...
Yeah when you break it down, most of that 47% included retirees, students, and people with very low incomes, who aren't paying income tax because they aren't earning much income. &amp;#x200B; And besides, to imply that they all vote for Obama, while all of the working people with good jobs vote for Romney, was just completely dishonest. After all, it's well-known that that retirees (ie. seniors) mostly vote Republican. &amp;#x200B; That said, it's still nowhere near as dishonest or misleading as the nonsense that the current presidents spews on a regular basis...
Do words have no meaning anymore? &amp;#x200B; Doug Ford's an idiot and completely unsuitable as premier, but calling him (or his government) Nazi is laughable. To genuinely believe that, you'd have to be almost as selective with facts as Ontario News Now (and that's saying something).
Norway's oil royalties go to the national government, and not a regional government. Seems to work well there, considering that they now have a $1 trillion wealth fund saved up. &amp;#x200B; I highly doubt Canada would become "more poor than Venezuela" if it did the same.
On the one hand, I agree the media tend to be jumping the gun with a lot of the doom-and-gloom about Singh, given that anything can happen in an election campaign. &amp;#x200B; On the other hand, this is just a prediction, and I think anything can be fair game there. &amp;#x200B; For example, in his December 2014 predictions, Don Martin predicted that the Conservatives would win a minority government in the 2015 election, but the Liberals and NDP would form a coalition, resulting in Harper retiring from being Conservative leader. That wasn't entirely accurate, but he was right about Harper's resignation, and there's nothing wrong with predicting that IMO. &amp;#x200B; [https://www.ctvnews.ca/ctv-news-channel/power-play-with-don-martin/don-martin-s-10-political-predictions-for-2015-1.2156222](https://www.ctvnews.ca/ctv-news-channel/power-play-with-don-martin/don-martin-s-10-political-predictions-for-2015-1.2156222)
&gt;Our Federal government extracts 7% of Alberta's GDP and sends it on other provinces. Albertans pay the exact same federal tax rates as everybody else, they just pay more in total because their average incomes are much higher. &amp;#x200B; A high income person in Nova Scotia pays the exact same amount of federal tax as a high-income person in Alberta.
Yes, rich and poor alike can expect to own a $4 million home in the future. /s If we want public investments in transportation, health care and education, then the government needs tax revenue. If the government chooses to collect less from the rich, then more would have to come from the middle-class.
Is this... serious? If you’ve found volunteering to be so useless, maybe you just need to find a better place to volunteer at? I completely understand why people would rather volunteer time directly to a cause they support, rather than your suggestion, of spending their spare time working a minimum wage job, and donating the proceeds. Also, that “cost-effective charity” you suggest donating to is probably cost-effective because it is supported by *volunteers* who spend their time helping out. If everyone quits volunteering at those charities, as you suggest, and demand salaries or leave to go work elsewhere, the charities won’t remain cost-effective for very long.
And the Commission rejected his complaint.
Actually Corporate donations have been banned from federal politics for over a decade. This isn’t the US. The only places allowing corporate donations are provincial politics in Saskatchewan, New Brunswick, PEI, and Newfoundland. The federal government and all of the larger provincial governments have banned them. Only individuals are allowed to donate to federal politicians, and there’s a cap of $1500 per year.
Your post seems to be in complete contradiction with the article (and the headline)... If infrastructure funds are being targeted to areas where they can win votes, as you claim, then why did Alberta get way more infrastructure funds than Quebec or BC this year? &gt;Tallying up the total spending by province shows that Quebec is actually receiving much less than the provincial average of infrastructure money. While the province accounts for 23 per cent of the country’s population, it received only 16 per cent of the total funding. &gt; &gt;Alberta has one of the highest per-capita dollar amounts thanks to substantial light rail projects in both its major cities. Only the territories, Prince Edward Island and Newfoundland and Labrador, where the per-capita numbers are slightly skewed due to tiny populations, rank higher than Alberta’s $764 per person. &gt; &gt;Quebec has received about $361 per person, second-lowest next to Saskatchewan’s $337 per person. &amp;#x200B; It sounds more like funds are being allocated based on where there are worthwhile projects that are ready to start, as it should be. &gt;The shortfall in Quebec could be a result of infrastructure projects there being slower to get underway. &gt; &gt;Several major projects in other provinces, such as additions to light rail systems in Calgary, Edmonton and Ottawa, were billion-dollar projects that were ready to go, which quickly pushed up the per-capita numbers up in those provinces. &gt; &gt;Champagne said the infrastructure spending wasn’t distributed via a “top down” approach, because the projects are submitted from the local level. “I’ve been across Canada to see for myself the impact. The distribution seems to me to be pretty even,” he said.
Can you elaborate? &amp;#x200B; The article shows that Alberta got more infrastructure funds per capita in 2018 than Ontario, BC, or Quebec. How is that explained by public choice theory?
The article shows that Alberta (and PEI) received more federal infrastructure funds per capita than any other province, yet the headline makes it sound like Quebec is benefitting unfairly (even though Quebec got the 2nd *least* per capita in 2018). &amp;#x200B; &gt;**Tallying up the total spending by province shows that Quebec is actually receiving much less than the provincial average of infrastructure money.** While the province accounts for 23 per cent of the country’s population, it received only 16 per cent of the total funding. &gt; &gt;**Alberta has one of the highest per-capita dollar amounts thanks to substantial light rail projects in both its major cities.** Only the territories, Prince Edward Island and Newfoundland and Labrador, where the per-capita numbers are slightly skewed due to tiny populations, rank higher than **Alberta’s $764 per person.** &gt; &gt;**Quebec has received about $361 per person**, second-lowest next to Saskatchewan’s $337 per person. &gt; &gt;The shortfall in Quebec could be a result of infrastructure projects there being slower to get underway. &amp;#x200B; To be fair though, it's okay for some provinces to get more funds than others in a particular year, since it depends entirely on which projects were ready to launch that year. It sounds like Alberta had light rail projects ready to go, while big Quebec projects weren't ready yet. But if the article wants to focus on regional disparities, it's misleading us by mentioning Quebec in the headline, when Alberta is actually the one getting the most infrastructure funds (which is fine, as long as other provinces get a larger share of the funds in other years).
&gt;Spending the money disproportionately targeting provinces where he is at risk of losing seats and not places where need it. Where are you getting your info? &amp;#x200B; The article clearly shows that Alberta is getting more federal infrastructure funds than Quebec or BC, despite them having larger populations, and despite them being more important politically as "swing provinces". &amp;#x200B; &gt;Tallying up the total spending by province shows that Quebec is actually receiving much less than the provincial average of infrastructure money. While the province accounts for 23 per cent of the country’s population, it received only 16 per cent of the total funding. &gt; &gt;**Alberta has one of the highest per-capita dollar amounts** thanks to substantial light rail projects in both its major cities. Only the territories, Prince Edward Island and Newfoundland and Labrador, where the per-capita numbers are slightly skewed due to tiny populations, rank higher than **Alberta’s $764 per person.** &gt; &gt;**Quebec has received about $361 per person**, second-lowest next to Saskatchewan’s $337 per person. &gt; &gt;The shortfall in Quebec could be a result of infrastructure projects there being slower to get underway.
The article shows that Quebec received the 2nd least infrastructure funds per capita in 2018, while Alberta received the 2nd most (and PEI received the most). Alberta received $764 per person, and Quebec received $361 per person. Did you even read the article before posting? To be fair, you probably got misled by the headline, which focuses on how many announcements took place in each province, and not where the actual funds went.
Then it make sense that we would be further from the targets after our largest province removed its cap-and-trade program (similar to a carbon tax), doesn't it?
If you’re arguing that there is political motivation behind the choice of which projects to make big announcements at, then I would agree. But if you’re arguing that the actual distribution of funds (which is far more important) is geographically biased due to politics, then I’m not convinced, because the numbers in the article don’t support that at all. If that were the case, Alberta wouldn’t be receiving so much more per capita than Quebec and BC.
Interestingly the cheapest places listed are all French-speaking communities (mostly in Quebec, plus one francophone community in New Brunswick). &amp;#x200B; &gt;Thetford Mines, QC: Average Rent Price = $461/month &gt; &gt;St. Georges, QC: Average Rent Price = $478/month &gt; &gt;Victoriaville, QC: Average Rent Price = $506/month &gt; &gt;Edmundston, NB: Average Rent Price = $511/month &gt; &gt;Matane, QC: Average Rent Price = $514/month &gt; &gt;Trois-Rivieres, QC: Average Rent Price = $534/month &gt; &gt;Saguenay, QC: Average Rent Price = $547/month &gt; &gt;Drummondville, QC: Average Rent Price = $556/month &gt; &gt;Sherbrooke, QC: Average Rent Price = $588/month
No, it's a country-wide poll. It has a province-by-province breakdown: [https://abacusdata.ca/wp-content/uploads/2019/05/Slide2-4.jpg](https://abacusdata.ca/wp-content/uploads/2019/05/Slide2-4.jpg) &amp;#x200B; Full data: [https://abacusdata.ca/liberals-and-conservatives-neck-and-neck-as-greens-rise-to-12/](https://abacusdata.ca/liberals-and-conservatives-neck-and-neck-as-greens-rise-to-12/)
Here's the province-by-province breakdown, for those interested: [https://abacusdata.ca/wp-content/uploads/2019/05/Slide2-4.jpg](https://abacusdata.ca/wp-content/uploads/2019/05/Slide2-4.jpg) &amp;#x200B; And here's the link to all of the data from this poll: [https://abacusdata.ca/liberals-and-conservatives-neck-and-neck-as-greens-rise-to-12/](https://abacusdata.ca/liberals-and-conservatives-neck-and-neck-as-greens-rise-to-12/)
That guy posted about 30 times in this thread, claiming that it's an Ontario-only poll, when that's not even true. It's kinda bizarre. &amp;#x200B; The full details from the poll are here, and it has a province-by-province breakdown: [https://abacusdata.ca/liberals-and-conservatives-neck-and-neck-as-greens-rise-to-12/](https://abacusdata.ca/liberals-and-conservatives-neck-and-neck-as-greens-rise-to-12/)
Yeah that's correct. In my view, the difference is that the federal funds were spent on mailouts to inform people about the new tax credit that they can claim on their taxes, whereas the provincial funds (from Ontario) are basically spent on attack ads against a federal government policy. &amp;#x200B; Not everyone likes seeing public funds used to inform people about a new policy or a tax credits, but it's not the same as using public funds to criticize another government, which seems way over the line.
&gt;What revenue should be raised specifically? &amp;#x200B; Among the 10 provinces, Ontario has the lowest corporate taxes in the country, the 2nd lowest income taxes (at most income levels), and the 4th lowest sales taxes. &amp;#x200B; Any of the above could be raised, if they need more revenue (which they clearly do). &amp;#x200B; &gt;Marginal personal income tax rates are already north of 50%. &amp;#x200B; Only if you're earning more than $210,000 per year. ([source](https://www.taxtips.ca/taxrates/on.htm)) &amp;#x200B; &gt;Why couldn't the Ontario Liberals balance the budget by raising revenue if it's so easy? &amp;#x200B; Because of politics: people often get mad when taxes are raised, even if the revenue is badly needed.
Yeah there's nothing wrong with saying it might be an outlier (since it's the first poll in a little while to show a Liberal lead), and that we'll have to wait and see what other polls say. It's just weird when someone keeps pushing fake reasons to discredit the poll.
You don't really think Kenney's a fascist though, do you? He was federal immigration minister for several years, and *increased* immigration levels. &amp;#x200B; He's very conservative and I don't like his policies (especially relating to climate change and the environment), but he's certainly not a fascist.
&gt;I don't think Tradeau will have many game breaking issues What do you mean by that?
&gt;We'd probably need a mix of both to make a majority bite out of the roughly 150 GW of fossil fuel power used in all sectors. Well, I have some good news... Canada actually has a lot less fossil fuel electricity than that. &amp;#x200B; [https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Electricity\_sector\_in\_Canada#Nameplate\_capacity](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Electricity_sector_in_Canada#Nameplate_capacity) &amp;#x200B; Based on the Canada-wide numbers from the chart "Installed generating capacity, by source and province or territory, 2015", Canada has around 34 GW of fossil fuel power capacity.
&gt;First, replacing a a good, fuel-efficient vehicle with a new electric can be worse for the environment than continuing to use the one you already have. That's not really the trade-off though. It's very unlikely that someone with a good, fuel-efficient vehicle would take it to the scrap-yard. In practice, they'll likely sell it somebody else (lots of people buy used cars), and that person might sell *their* used vehicle to somebody else, or if their vehicle is really old and inefficient, they might scrap it. &gt;Second, the subsidies might not decrease the price of the vehicle. But they do... This isn't a hypothetical, we can easily see the prices of vehicles, before and after the rebate was implemented. I haven't heard of any suddenly increasing their MSRP, have you? &gt;If the car could be sold for $20k or even slightly more like $22k, then the car manufacturers are likely going to sell the cars at $25k. Can you give an example where this happened last month, when the EV rebates were brought in?
&gt;Subsidies have demonstrably increased prices in certain markets Are you just referring to subsidies in general? Or can you give an example where this happened from EV subsidies? &amp;#x200B; &gt;Not to mention there's also the issues of EVs being powered by dirty power. Well the good news is that Canada has one of the cleanest power grids in the world: 80% zero-carbon. &amp;#x200B; It varies by province of course, but country-wide our power grid is about 60% hydro, 5% other renewables, 15% nuclear, 10% coal and 10% natural gas. And the federal government's target is to get it up to 90% zero-carbon by 2030, which is also the target date for a full phase-out of coal power.
Welp, sounds like I missed the best part during my visit... somehow I did not find that hall lol.
I'm not a conservative of any sort, but I think compared to a liberal, a progressive conservative would (typically) believe in a somewhat smaller role for government in the economy, and be more wary of turning away from traditional institutions or social norms. They could still be socially conservative in some ways, I'd expect.
Is there a method of election advertising that you believe will reach all demographics with equal effectiveness? I'm no marketing expert, but I'm pretty sure you need different mediums and techniques to reach different audiences.
Trump's comments about his conversation with Prince Charles, quoted from the article: &gt;"We had a 15-minute chat and it lasted an hour and a half and he did most of the talking. &gt; &gt;"What he really wants and what he feels strongly about is the future. He wants the best climate for the future. He wants a good climate and not a disaster." &gt; &gt;"I believe there is a change in weather. I think it was called global warning, then it was called climate change, now it's called extreme weather. &gt; &gt;"I think we had a great conversation about - as you would call it - climate change. &gt; &gt;"This is real, he believes that. He wants to have a world that's good for future generations and I do, too. &gt; &gt;"He's Prince Charles, he doesn't have to worry about future generations unless he's a very good person who cares about people, and that's what impressed me, maybe the most."
Nice work! That's quite informative.
Of all the things to criticize Ford for (and there's lots), I think this is a strange one... Cabinet shuffles are a pretty normal thing for federal or provincial governments in Canada. It's not a bad thing.
What makes you think they wouldn't actually want these bills to become law?
On this particular issue, there's a wikipedia page that shows how they voted on same-sex marriage in 2005: [https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Members\_of\_the\_38th\_Canadian\_Parliament\_and\_same-sex\_marriage](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Members_of_the_38th_Canadian_Parliament_and_same-sex_marriage) &amp;#x200B; The Conservatives had 3 votes in favour, and 93 votes opposed. &amp;#x200B; For other issues, the website [OpenParliament.ca](https://OpenParliament.ca) is your best bet for seeing how MPs voted.
Feel free to step outside, get some fresh air, and maybe go for a walk.
Do you have a shortlist of some Quebec films that you'd most recommend? &amp;#x200B; I've seen Monsieur Lazhar, but that might be the only Quebec movie I've seen (aside from the English-language movies made by the directors you mentioned). Definitely open to watching more though!
Thanks!
Thanks, much appreciated!
&gt;Hopefully the rest of Canada will do the same soon Do courthouses in other provinces have crucifixes? Honest question, because I have no idea.
That seems like a good solution IMO.
I'm not quite sure what you mean about Trudeau as the common denominator? Not all of the independent senators were appointed by Trudeau. In fact, 4/6 of the founding members of the Independent Senate Group were appointed by Harper and had previously been members of the Conservative Caucus, before going independent. &amp;#x200B; [https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Independent\_Senators\_Group](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Independent_Senators_Group) &amp;#x200B; A bit of history: &gt;**On March 10, 2016, six non-affiliated senators, former Independent Progressive Conservative Senator Elaine McCoy, former Conservative caucus members Jacques Demers, John D. Wallace, Michel Rivard and Diane Bellemare and former Liberal Pierrette Ringuette formed an independent, non-partisan working group** that would "ensure the rights of equality" for all senators, "regardless of their political or non-political affiliation" while working to restore "public confidence" in the upper house "as a necessary and vital institution" &gt; &gt;In order to press for the recognition of the equal rights and obligations of non-affiliated senators and facilitate their activities, the group, which had grown to fifteen senators adopted the name "Independent Senators Group". &gt; &gt;...On May 17, 2017 senators voted to remove the requirement that a caucus must be formed by senators who are members of a political party, making the ISG equal under the rules of the senate with the two partisan caucuses
Do you have a link showing that the Liberals promised pharmacare in the previous election?
If the concern is low income people, it would be a lot cheaper to just send them some money in the mail, instead of lowering electricity rates for everyone, including the vast majority of people who have no problem paying normal hydro rates.
I’m not sure I understand the argument here. Are you saying that using public money to lower hydro rates (for the entire population) is a good or efficient way to help poor people? Even compared to, say, just giving money directly to those poor people?
No, none of those people are Nazis.
There are restrictions on 3rd-party groups, so they aren't allowed to spend more than $1 million in the election campaign or the pre-writ period. However the Ontario government isn't counted as a 3rd-party group, so they can spend as much as they want. &amp;#x200B; In fact, Doug Ford has promised to spend $30 million of taxpayer funds on advertisements and court challenges against the carbon tax. ([source](https://www.theglobeandmail.com/canada/article-ontario-launches-anti-carbon-tax-radio-ads-wont-reveal-cost/)) &amp;#x200B; That's a huge amount - for comparison, the Liberal Party spent $41 million on their *entire* federal election campaign in 2015. ([source](https://www.theglobeandmail.com/news/politics/liberals-outspent-conservatives-by-12-million-in-2015-election/article30524115/)) &amp;#x200B; So if that $30 million ends up being spent in a way that seems intended to influence the federal election, then it could be a concern for Elections Canada. &amp;#x200B; But in case you didn't read the article, Elections Canada isn't going to intervene before the election. They're just monitoring the situation, and will report back after the election. &amp;#x200B; &gt;Perrault said Elections Canada will keep track of provincial activities and spending and he will consult post-election with academics and political parties and possibly in his routine polling before arriving at any recommendations or conclusions. &gt; &gt;... &gt; &gt;If he ultimately decides to weigh in on the issue, Perrault said any findings or recommendations would be in his post-election report to parliament.
Looks like the rebate for Alberta will be $888 for a family of four, and likely about half of that (\~$440) for a single person, based on how the rebates have worked in other provinces. &amp;#x200B; &gt;McKenna said that, by law, 100 per cent of the revenues collected federally will go back to Alberta — 90 per cent returned to families and the remaining 10 per cent directed to funding schools, hospitals, municipalities and green energy initiatives. &gt; &gt;But because that revenue is being returned to families, a family of four in Alberta will be able to claim a rebate of $888 when they file their income taxes next year, she said. [https://www.cbc.ca/news/politics/mckenna-imposes-carbon-tax-alberta-1.5174482](https://www.cbc.ca/news/politics/mckenna-imposes-carbon-tax-alberta-1.5174482) &amp;#x200B; For example, in Saskatchewan this year they got $609 for a family of four, or $305 for a single person (and other amounts for households of other sizes). [https://www.canada.ca/en/environment-climate-change/services/climate-change/pricing-pollution-how-it-will-work/saskatchewan.html](https://www.canada.ca/en/environment-climate-change/services/climate-change/pricing-pollution-how-it-will-work/saskatchewan.html)
I think it will include some combination of: &amp;#x200B; 1. Sector-by-sector regulations 2. Funding for innovation 3. Counting overseas emissions reductions associated with Canada's exports (eg. LNG exports being used instead of coal power in Asia) as reducing Canada's emissions 4. Creating a fund that pays companies to reduce their emissions, or offset their emissions &amp;#x200B; It's worth noting that #1 and #2 are already being done as part of the Liberals' plan (in addition to carbon pricing). Of course, for #1 they could change the stringency, timelines, scope, etc. of planned regulations - more strict or less strict are both plausible. And for #2 they could change the amount of funding for innovation, or where it's targeted. &amp;#x200B; Option #3 would be new, although it wouldn't really be a new policy (more just an accounting change) that allows us not to reduce domestic emissions as quickly, by counting oversees reductions. It would also require international negotiations, in order for that to be allowed to count towards the Paris Agreement. &amp;#x200B; And #4 would be a new policy for Canada, but has been used by the conservative government in Australia (albeit with not much success, apparently). It's described [here](https://www.cbc.ca/news/canada/toronto/doug-ford-climate-change-preview-1.4911862).
The charges against SNC are still proceeding, so what exactly is your point here?
It's because government-funded astroturfing is pretty embarrassing, especially when it's so blatantly obvious.
More like a source of false hope for Nigerians, rather than a meme. &gt;Herman Wasserman, a media studies professor at the University of Cape Town in South Africa, said it's not surprising that Canada is the focus of articles that cater to an African audience, because many Africans aspire to immigrate here. &gt;”If you write stories about immigration, it's something that lots of Africans think about — immigration, becoming more mobile, having a better life. So this type of story is immediately attractive," he said.
Exactly. About 80% of Canadian electricity is already produced by zero-emission sources. But yes, it would make sense to bring nuclear power to places like Alberta and Saskatchewan, to phase out coal power (and eventually natural gas plants too).
Source?
You have a problem with the word "impact*"* being in the title of the act? Seriously? &amp;#x200B; And wait, you also have a problem with people using the word *compassion*? Sounds like you might have some issues you need to work through... and I don't mean that as an insult. You genuinely might be better off finding someone to speak to, because holding that kind of spite and resentment can't be healthy.
Is that a problem? Should we really expect our government to accept most amendments from the oil industry's lobby group, when writing environmental assessment legislation? &amp;#x200B; For what it's worth, the Mining Association of Canada says it supports Bill C-69, and they're the ones that are subject to the majority (60%) of environmental assessments. &amp;#x200B; [https://www.cbc.ca/news/politics/mining-sector-ok-with-c69-1.5174095](https://www.cbc.ca/news/politics/mining-sector-ok-with-c69-1.5174095) &amp;#x200B; &gt;**The head of the Mining Association of Canada says the hotly contested federal environmental assessment bill is welcome in the industry it will affect the most.** &gt; &gt;**"This promises to be a better system than what we've had for the last seven years," said Pierre Gratton, the president of the association.** &gt; &gt;Bill C-69 overhauls Canada's environmental assessment regime for major national resource and transportation projects but the high-octane opposition from the oil and gas sector has drowned out much of the comment from other affected industries. &gt; &gt;... &gt; &gt;Since 2012, when the existing Canadian Environmental Assessment Act came into effect under the former Conservative government, **Gratton said as many as 60 per cent of assessments have applied to mines producing things like diamonds, gold, zinc and copper.** &gt; &gt;**"That cohort has felt consistently that C-69 represented an improvement on the status quo,**" Gratton said. &gt; &gt;... &gt; &gt;The Canadian Association of Petroleum Producers said late Wednesday the government is "risking the country's economic future" by not accepting all the Senate amendments. &gt; &gt;**One of the biggest concerns is the bill's requirement to take into account climate change.** &gt; &gt;Gratton said the oilsands and uranium segments of the mining industry remain strongly opposed to the legislation. **But mineral- and metal-mining companies, which have operations across Canada, are happy with it. He said the legislation from 2012 made assessments harder for mines because provincial and federal governments couldn't easily work together to have one single assessment, which C-69 fixes.** &gt; &gt;**He said the new regime also has more flexibility for assessments to take into account the specific circumstances of different projects and also allows for federal permitting to get underway at the same time as an assessment is conducted, cutting the total time for getting a project approved.** &gt; &gt;He said the 2012 legislation did not "live up to its promise."
&gt;Industry Comments on Bill C-69 &gt; &gt;...-Tim McKay, President Canadian Natural &gt; &gt;...-Alex Pourbaix, CEO Cenovus &gt; &gt;...-Tim McMillan CAPP President and CEO &amp;#x200B; Your list of "industry comments" only included fossil fuel companies and their lobby group, who oppose Bill C-69. &amp;#x200B; You forgot to mention the mining industry, which supports Bill C-69: &amp;#x200B; [Metals mines association, accounting for most federal enviro assessments, OK with Bill C-69](https://www.cbc.ca/news/politics/mining-sector-ok-with-c69-1.5174095) &amp;#x200B; &gt;The head of the Mining Association of Canada says the hotly contested federal environmental assessment bill is welcome in the industry it will affect the most. &gt; &gt;**"This promises to be a better system than what we've had for the last seven years," said Pierre Gratton, the president of the association.** &gt; &gt;... &gt; &gt;Since 2012, when the existing Canadian Environmental Assessment Act came into effect under the former Conservative government, **Gratton said as many as 60 per cent of assessments have applied to mines producing things like diamonds, gold, zinc and copper.** &gt; &gt;**"That cohort has felt consistently that C-69 represented an improvement on the status quo,**" Gratton said. &gt; &gt;He said that was true in 2018, when the House of Commons debated and passed the bill, and it's true today, after the Liberal government rejected a majority of amendments proposed by the Senate. &gt; &gt;... &gt; &gt;**He said the legislation from 2012 made assessments harder for mines because provincial and federal governments couldn't easily work together to have one single assessment, which C-69 fixes.** &gt; &gt;**He said the new regime also has more flexibility for assessments to take into account the specific circumstances of different projects and also allows for federal permitting to get underway at the same time as an assessment is conducted, cutting the total time for getting a project approved.**
How is that tacky? It's the name of her department, for which she's the Minister, and the department is named to reflect its priority issues.
Yes, he does. I don't like him but he's not a climate change denier. Technically, Harper wasn't either, but he refused to do much of anything about it, which isn't a lot better. &amp;#x200B; My expectations aren't high for Scheer's climate plan, but hopefully he'll prove me wrong.
She (Celina Caesar-Chavannes) is actually not running in the next election, so I don't think that's it. My guess is she was unhappy with how the SNC/JWR situation was unfolding at the time, and wanted to show her support for JWR. But in hindsight, perhaps the entire dispute seems more trivial now. As they say, time heals all wounds.
Good catch, I definitely missed that story. But according to the CTV article, she now says she's not running.
&gt;These BCforTMX adds go to everyone in my area. Probably true, but in this case there's self-selection in terms of who bothers to post comments on a Facebook ad about pipelines (because the vast majority don't). &amp;#x200B; If someone supports the pipeline, they're probably not gonna bother posting "yeah, I agree!" on a BCforTMX Facebook post. They'll just see the ad, agree, and keep scrolling. But if someone is opposed, they're more likely to stop and post something a criticism of the ad or the pipeline project. &amp;#x200B; I honestly wouldn't be surprised if people in BC are split about 50-50 on the pipeline, but there's a an enthusiasm gap on the issue. Most BCers who support the pipeline probably don't care that strongly about it (the most passionate supporters are typically Albertans), whereas those in BC who oppose it are often *really* opposed.
Never heard of it before, but it seems to be legit. Thanks for the tip!
In a some ways, Canada’s economy is actually the best it’s been in decades. For example, the unemployment rate is currently the lowest it’s been since the 1970s. And people arguing about everything on reddit and social media happens in every country. It’s definitely not unique to Canada.
I’m all for solar and wind too, but nuclear is more consistent in when it produces electricity, so it’s suitable as baseload power, whereas solar would be good as an addition to it.
Which issues tend to be most important to you? &amp;#x200B; It's hard to say what positives you should consider in a party/candidate, without knowing what topics you would care about.
Thanks for starting that channel, I've subscribed. The combination of clear dialogue with the text in both French and English is exactly what I need, as I'm trying to improve my ability to listen and comprehend in French.
Interesting story. &amp;#x200B; TL;DR: in 1988, CSIS was asked to sort through its files. Some files were sent to the national archives, and others were destroyed, including the ones about former PMs Trudeau, Pearson, and Diefenbaker. &amp;#x200B; &gt;In 1988, James Kelleher, the federal minister responsible for CSIS at the time, directed the spy service to sort through the resulting heap of files. &gt; &gt;Some RCMP records – including voluminous files on Quebec premier Rene Levesque and NDP leaders David Lewis and Tommy Douglas – were sent to the national archives. &gt; &gt;Others were destroyed, including dossiers on prime ministers John Diefenbaker and Lester Pearson. Still other files, judged to have current value at the time, went to CSIS’s active intelligence holdings. &gt; &gt;Security records on individuals become eligible for disclosure under the Access to Information Act only 20 years after a person’s death. Until then, even the existence of a file is secret due to privacy considerations. &gt; &gt;... &gt; &gt;The Canadian Press recently requested the former prime minister’s RCMP file under the access law from Library and Archives Canada and CSIS prior to the 20th anniversary of his passing next year, given that it can take many months to process such applications. &gt; &gt;**The archives swiftly replied that it does not have a Trudeau dossier. CSIS said its records indicate the file was destroyed on Jan. 30, 1989.** &gt; &gt;**In a written response to questions, the spy service said a 1988 analysis of the Trudeau file concluded it did not meet the threshold in the CSIS Act to justify being kept in service’s active inventory. The file also fell short of criteria for preservation set out by the national archives and was therefore destroyed the following year, CSIS added.** &gt; &gt;... &gt; &gt;CSIS declined to elaborate on the rationale for purging the Trudeau file. &gt; &gt;However, when destruction of the Pearson and Diefenbaker files came to light seven years ago, the spy service noted they were presumably compiled at the height of the Cold War with the Soviet Union. &gt; &gt;“That was a time when, as some historians argue, the security community occasionally saw threats that – hindsight being 20-20 – might seem exaggerated to us today.”
&gt;The people in charge of the destruction of these documents should be in jail. In jail for what crime? Nobody has suggested they did anything illegal, even if it's unfortunate in terms of losing potential historical materials.
That does help explain his perspective, but it’s not really a conflict of interest, since he’s not a current politician.
Ah, now I see your point.
It's interesting (but not so surprising) to see dropping real estate prices and improved affordability spun as "wealth-destroying" by some. &amp;#x200B; &gt;In February 2018, B.C. Finance Minister Carole James announced that it was the stated policy of her government to force down home prices. Together with a suite of initiatives announced at that time, she made it clear that the policy of the NDP wasn’t just to moderate home-price increases, but to enact whatever policy initiatives were necessary to bring them down. &gt; &gt;With this announcement, B.C. entered unchartered territory. For the first time in history, a government in Canada announced that its policy was to reduce the wealth of its constituents. About 68 per cent of British Columbians [own their own homes](https://www150.statcan.gc.ca/n1/daily-quotidien/171025/cg-c002-eng.htm) and for the vast majority it’s the primary repository of their wealth and savings. &gt; &gt;... &gt; &gt;First, it can’t be denied that it has been wildly successful. Never in history has B.C. lost so much wealth so quickly. Recent reports are that [$90 billion has been lost in home value](https://globalnews.ca/news/5300334/analysis-metro-vancouver-home-equity-market-slides/), just in Metro Vancouver, just over the past year. This figure is roughly 65 per cent of the entire annual economic output of the region, which has a GDP of $137 billion. It represents about $40,000 for every resident of Metro in the year, almost matching average annual salaries. &gt; &gt;... &gt; &gt;Second, the real-estate development and construction industries — more than 20 per cent of B.C.’s economy — are facing a significant downturn. MLA Advisory’s April 2019 [Pre-Sale Real Estate Insights](https://mlacanada.com/newsfeed/april-2019-pre-sale-real-estate-insights) reports that about 5,000 concrete units within 17 development projects have been postponed. Housing starts are down by at least 20 per cent. Further project cancellations are announced weekly. Billions in investment has already been lost, with job losses and an associated decline in economic activity to follow. &gt; &gt;**Third, one is hard-pressed to find the winners of this policy. Despite the massive wealth destruction and economic damage, few Millennials are now celebrating that they can finally afford a home. Nor would it make sense for any of them to buy one so long as it’s the stated policy of their government to destroy the savings they invest.** &amp;#x200B; The bolded paragraph there is particularly amusing... he's arguing that millenials actually aren't happy about falling real estate prices, because they're so worried that if they buy in, the NDP will continue bringing down real estate prices and destroy their housing wealth. By that logic, those people could just wait on the sidelines as real estate keeps coming down, and it's really not clear why they wouldn't be happy with that turn of events.
&gt;Why is the CBC not reporting that a coalition of Indian Bands living along the route, and elsewhere, not only support it but wish to purchase it? What makes you think they haven't reported it? I did a quick google search ("CBC TMX pipeline indigenous") and immediately found 5 CBC articles about it: &amp;#x200B; [More than 100 First Nations could purchase the Trans Mountain expansion pipeline](https://www.cbc.ca/news/business/tmx-irc-indigenous-1.4975243) \- Jan 15 [Oilpatch CEOs support Indigenous bid for Trans Mountain](https://www.cbc.ca/news/business/tmx-irc-trans-mountain-1.4981171) \- Jan 17 [First Nations chiefs vying for stake in Trans Mountain pipeline get face-to-face with Bill Morneau](https://www.cbc.ca/news/business/tmx-morneau-sale-1.5073542) \- March 28 [Indigenous-led group makes pitch at B.C. Legislature for majority ownership of Trans Mountain pipeline](https://www.cbc.ca/news/canada/british-columbia/project-reconciliation-pipeline-1.5154572) \- May 29 [Rival all-Alberta Indigenous coalition sets sights on Trans Mountain pipeline](https://www.cbc.ca/news/canada/calgary/trans-mountain-pipeline-bidder-first-nations-1.5163282) \- June 5
&gt;If secularism is the goal, why are religious organisations and churches still tax exempt? Why would religious organizations and churches be expected to be secular? That doesn't make much sense... They're not trying to eliminate all religious clothing or behaviour in Quebec society, just in positions of authority in the public sector. Edit: ignore this, I think I misread your comment and thought you were asking why people could wear religious organizations would be allowed to wear religious items
Yeah, Trudeau’s government has brought in carbon pricing (for the provinces that didn’t already have it), and also brought in incentives for electric vehicles, methane regulations for the oil and gas industry, increased funding for public transit, and increased funding for clean technologies. IMO they’ve done a lot of good on climate change, but for some people, that’s all outweighed by the fact that Trudeau’s government also nationalized an oil pipeline and will very likely approve an expansion to it today. Personally though, I think it makes sense to focus on reducing our country’s consumption/demand for fossil fuels, while still producing and selling it while there’s still demand for it (here and elsewhere). Canada could stop exporting oil, but other countries (Saudi, Russia, US) could easily ramp up their own oil production to fill that demand. So I don’t think the pipeline decisions are that unreasonable, even though I do want fossil fuels to get phased out sooner than later.
Ah i see what you’re saying. To be honest, I misread your comment this morning. I missed the word “tax” when reading your comment, so I thought you were asking why people could wear religious organizations would be exempt from these rules and would be allowed to wear religious items. I think the tax exempt question is a fair one to ask.
I think you misinterpreted the comment. They're criticizing Biden and Trudeau as being centrists.
During the Ontario 2018 election, the group Ontario Proud received over $400,000 from real estate development companies (who wanted Doug Ford to win). This was revealed by their post-election financial filings to Elections Ontario: https://globalnews.ca/news/4747339/ontario-proud-donations/
&gt;Kinder Morgan stepped away from the project as it was not economically feasible Kinder Morgan stepped away because as of this time last year, the government of BC was trying to fight it (their efforts have since been denied in the courts), and there was an legal challenge underway from indigenous groups (which was successful in overturning the pipeline's first approval, which led to 6+ months of additional review, and then eventually this new approval). &amp;#x200B; Now that those two hurdles have been cleared, the project would presumably be economically feasible - hence why there seems to be private sector interest in potentially purchasing it. &amp;#x200B; Whether or not pipeline expansion is the right direction for society is open for debate, but in terms of economic circumstances, uncertainty, and risk, the pipeline project is in a very different place now, compared to one year ago.
Right, you tax each activity based on the amount of fossil fuels burned for them, so that finding ways to use less fossil fuels (or to use them more efficiently) will become more financially attractive. That's exactly how the carbon tax works.
&gt;I'm not pretending the OPBS part of the program doesn't exist. Then it's confusing why you'd claim that emissions would get off-shored to China, if you know about the output-based pricing system, which is designed specifically to prevent that. What industries do you think are going to relocate? &amp;#x200B; &amp;#x200B; &gt;In fact, the OPBS allows certain industries that are heavy carbon emitters to get a free pass so they can stay competitive. &amp;#x200B; If a company in those industries can produce 20% more efficiently than the industry average (in terms of emissions-per-production), then they get a free pass. If not, they pay based on how much worse they are than that threshold. &amp;#x200B; It's a similar deal to how the carbon tax works for households: we pay but we also get a rebate. So if we pollute more than average, we might pay more than you receive. If we pollute less than average, we actually receive more than we pay.
&gt;Dont forget how the tax magically comes back and you end up "better off". These people have clearly never paid taxes Have you paid taxes? If you did, you would have seen and claimed the tax credit when you were paying income taxes in April (assuming you live in one of the 4 provinces where the federal carbon tax exists). Tax credits aren't magic, they're really not that complicated.
[South African carbon tax finally becomes law - May 26, 2019](https://af.reuters.com/article/southAfricaNews/idAFL8N2320B8)
&gt;For people who support a carbon tax, would you support carbon tariffs? Yes, I would absolutely.
&gt;I've never met anyone who based their purchases on tax percentages. The point is that taxes affect prices (high-emission activities become more expensive, low-emission ones stay the same), and people and especially companies do make decisions based on prices. So that way, lower-emission technologies or behaviours become more financially attractive.
For one thing, carbon taxes actually help to make nuclear power more financially attractive, relative to coal power and natural gas (since they create GHG emissions, and nuclear doesn't). At least that's true in the provinces that have lots of coal and natural gas, like Alberta, Saskatchewan, and Nova Scotia. &amp;#x200B; But the largest provinces in Canada (Ontario, Quebec, and BC) have extremely clean electricity grids already. BC and Quebec are around 95% hydro power, and Ontario is coal-free and only 10% natural gas, the other 90% is from zero-emission sources (nuclear, hydro, wind, solar). &amp;#x200B; Instead, most of our emissions are from transportation, buildings, and industries. &amp;#x200B; Governments could mandate the use of specific technologies, to reduce emissions - that's a legitimate option. But generally they prefer to use less heavy-handed policies, like carbon taxes or regulations, which create incentives (or requirements) to reduce emissions, but allow private companies and people to make their own choices about *how* they want to reduce their emissions.
More like... we're working to kick our own addiction, while continuing to sell to others, knowing that they can easily find another dealer if we stop selling. &amp;#x200B; It's the same thing Norway is doing: they have one of the cleanest electricity grids in the world (98% hydro power), and they lead the world in electric vehicles (over 50% of new cars sold there are electric). Meanwhile, they produce oil and sell it to the world, which helps them pay for their transition to clean technology.
Harper's government was trying to build the Trans Mountain pipeline and Keystone XL, as well as Northern Gateway pipeline, Energy East pipeline, . &amp;#x200B; I don't mind seeing one built, since it opens up new export markets beyond the US, so that at least Canada can fetch a better price for the oil that it does sell. But building three or four major pipeline projects would have been excessive, in my view, as it would have enabled massive increases in oil production, at a time when we need to be working towards starting to phase out fossil fuels.
&gt;the pro pipeline crowd will never vote for him anyway. Most polls indicate that a majority of Canadians lean towards being pro-pipeline on the issue of TMX. Presumably that includes lots of people who would consider voting Liberal (who have repeatedly demonstrated their support for TMX). We sometimes get stuck in online arguments between left-wing progressives, committed Liberals and die-hard conservatives, and forget about the huge number of people that are somewhere in the middle, and not committed to a particular party. &amp;#x200B; For example, my dad is a man in his 60s, living in a suburb of Vancouver. He's a Liberal-Conservative swing voter in most elections, and he's pro-pipeline (but also open to environmental measures, including the carbon tax). &amp;#x200B; If the Liberals rejected the pipeline, after previously buying it, I'm confident he would have voted Conservative in October for sure. Rejecting it would have made them seem too anti-resource development for his liking, and fiscally incompetent (for buying an asset and then devaluing it). &amp;#x200B; But by approving it, he'll be more likely to consider voting Liberal, because it legitimizes the view that they're a responsible middle-ground option on the energy-environment debates (not too aggressively anti-development, but still environmentally conscious), and that they think seriously about economic considerations, rather than being beholden to the preferences of lefty activists. &amp;#x200B; So no, I don't think today's decision changed the minds of many environmental activists in Vancouver, or oil workers in Fort McMurray. But it might help to shore up the support of moderate voters around the country, particularly in the suburbs of places like Vancouver, Winnipeg, and Toronto. Places like Surrey, Coquitlam, Mississauga, or Etobicoke.
&gt;It will hurt them badly in B.C. I'm not so sure... keep in mind: the Liberals already approved it once (December 2016), and then purchased the pipeline to save the project (April/May 2018), before today's announcement. People who are adamantly opposed to the pipeline should already know that the Liberals support it. &amp;#x200B; By reminding people about the issue, the latest news might push some voters away, but I think most BCers had already taken the pipeline issue into account in their impressions of Trudeau or their voting intentions. &amp;#x200B; It's also worth pointing out that people who are strongly anti-pipeline are a vocal minority in BC, but don't represent the entire population. There are a lot of people in BC (maybe even a majority) who support the pipeline, or are at least open to it, but they tend not to be as vocal about it (compared to the anti-pipeline BCers or pro-pipeline Albertans). Some of those voters may actually be *more* likely to vote Liberal, since it shows that they aren't overly anti-resource development. &amp;#x200B; We'll see though. I hopefully we'll get to see some polls in a couple weeks.
She was the US Ambassador to Canada, and apparently she spent over 300 days away from her post in Canada. &gt;President Donald Trump’s pick for U.S. ambassador to the United Nations was pressed at her confirmation hearing on why she was away from her current post as envoy to Canada for more than 300 days since taking the job in October 2017. &gt;Kelly Craft, a prominent donor to Trump’s 2016 campaign, told the Senate Foreign Relations Committee on Wednesday that she was frequently working on the road and that the U.S. embassy in Ottawa was always staffed in her absences. She also said her travel was preapproved by the State Department. Ted Cruz defended her though: &gt;” I would say you would be a poor ambassador indeed if you went to your office in Ottawa and locked the door,” said Cruz.
I don't think there's wrong with increasing those fees (by 2% in this case, which is in line with inflation). &amp;#x200B; But I'm also not sure why Ford felt the need to freeze them last August, other than as an easy political stunt.
They found a social media post one of them had made in 2014 or 2015, saying that we needed a new PM, so that person wouldn’t be suitable, and I guess they figured it’s best to just pull the plug entirely.
&gt;But only Canadian tankers banned Source?
&gt;many folks in BC and Ottawa are working hard to fuck it up. The BC government and the federal government have both granted approvals and endorsed it.
&gt;What benefit do you see these bills creating? &amp;#x200B; Aside from the environmental benefits, there's also the fact that the mining industry says it'll be a more efficient system for them. &amp;#x200B; [Mining industry welcomes new environmental assessment rules under Bill C-69](https://globalnews.ca/news/5388861/mining-environmental-assessment-bill-c69/) &amp;#x200B; &gt;**The head of the Mining Association of Canada says the hotly contested federal environmental assessment bill is welcome in the industry it will affect the most.** &gt; &gt;“This promises to be a better system than what we’ve had for the last seven years,” said Pierre Gratton, the president of the association. &gt; &gt;... &gt; &gt;Gratton said the oilsands and uranium segments of the mining industry remain strongly opposed to the legislation. **But mineral- and metal-mining companies, which have operations across Canada, are happy with it. He said the legislation from 2012 made assessments harder for mines because provincial and federal governments couldn’t easily work together to have one single assessment, which C-69 fixes.** &gt; &gt;**He said the new regime also has more flexibility for assessments to take into account the specific circumstances of different projects and also allows for federal permitting to get underway at the same time as an assessment is conducted, cutting the total time for getting a project approved.** &gt; &gt;He said the 2012 legislation did not “live up to its promise.” &gt; &gt;**“We actively pursued changes that would address the problems we encountered and we believe that the biggest ones for that cohort have been largely addressed in this bill.** It’s not to say that suddenly federal environmental assessment is going to be easy. It’s still going to be onerous. But some of the real problems that were not really justifiable (are gone.)”
&gt;The biggest issue with C-69 is that because the Environment Minister has final say on approval That may have been changed in the recent amendments that were made over the past couple weeks. &amp;#x200B; &gt;The Senate made more than 200 amendments to that bill earlier this month, but the government accepted only 99 of them, **mostly to do with reducing ministerial discretion to intervene in the review process.** [https://www.cbc.ca/news/politics/senate-passes-environmental-assessment-bill-1.5184488](https://www.cbc.ca/news/politics/senate-passes-environmental-assessment-bill-1.5184488)
How do you figure? &amp;#x200B; Most environmental assessments are for the mining industry, and they say Bill C-69 is an improvement over the Harper-era legislation, and will actually make the process more efficient. &amp;#x200B; [Mining industry welcomes new environmental assessment rules under Bill C-69](https://globalnews.ca/news/5388861/mining-environmental-assessment-bill-c69/) &amp;#x200B; &gt;**The head of the Mining Association of Canada says the hotly contested federal environmental assessment bill is welcome in the industry it will affect the most.** &gt; &gt;“This promises to be a better system than what we’ve had for the last seven years,” said Pierre Gratton, the president of the association. &gt; &gt;... &gt; &gt;Gratton said the oilsands and uranium segments of the mining industry remain strongly opposed to the legislation. **But mineral- and metal-mining companies, which have operations across Canada, are happy with it. He said the legislation from 2012 made assessments harder for mines because provincial and federal governments couldn’t easily work together to have one single assessment, which C-69 fixes.** &gt; &gt;**He said the new regime also has more flexibility for assessments to take into account the specific circumstances of different projects and also allows for federal permitting to get underway at the same time as an assessment is conducted, cutting the total time for getting a project approved.**
&gt;I've never been more motivated to vote a government out of office. Why's that?
Germany currently has a 3.1% unemployment rate (one of the lowest in the world), and huge budget surpluses (4th best in the world). &amp;#x200B; [https://tradingeconomics.com/](https://tradingeconomics.com/) &amp;#x200B; Are you suggesting that Germany is in bad shape, and we should avoid following similar policies as them?
I'm not sure I understand... Today is June 24, but the press release you posted is from June 22, and says the change is effective June 22.
What, are you telling me you never attended Wynne Wonderland?
Well this is only at the rezoning stage, so actual construction of the campus is probably a couple years away.
As a relatively young person, I have to agree... Plenty of young people aren't exactly paragons of critical thinking and careful, reasoned judgement, when it comes to politics. The same is also true for older people as well, of course, and it's definitely not limited to any particular political ideology. &amp;#x200B; If someone wants to argue that people on /r/canadapolitics aren't so likely to be swayed by attack ads, I think that could be a reasonable claim. After all, people on here pay very close attention to politics, and have probably given a lot of thought to their political views. &amp;#x200B; But people on here aren't representative of young people in general. Lots of people, young or old, can be influenced by positive or negative information they hear about a politician, even if it's from a biased source.
Exactly. Townhouses aren’t cheap, but they’re still much more affordable option than another Shaughnessy mansion, which is the most likely alternative somewhere like that.
Some people on the left (councillor Christine Boyle for example, or Kennedy Stewart) strongly support more housing development across the city, seeing that as the long-term solution to address the housing shortage and affordability issues. I think that view is fairly common among younger people. But Jean Swanson is clearly a different type, as she’s so anti-developer that she’d rather see a mansion remain in place, just to stop a developer from earning profits while building townhouses. Doesn’t make much sense to me.
&gt;Coun. Colleen Hardwick said she was "a little surprised, but pleased" by the decision. She said the concept of neighbourliness was a sticking point for her. &gt; &gt;**"Neighbourliness has always been a key principle for property development, especially with existing communities ... that goes back to the '70s and somehow that has been lost along the way,"** Hardwick said, standing in the still-buzzing room after the vote. &amp;#x200B; Anyone know what she's talking about here? Townhouses make for bad neighbours?
&gt;Arguably, somewhat run down Shaughnessy mansions with 12 roommates or whatever are more affordable than townhouses. Sure, I would agree with that. A situation like that could be great for those renters (at least while it lasts). But the municipal government can't just assume that land zoned for mansions will be used that way (and in most cases it won't). It's much more likely a mansion would be occupied by one extremely wealthy family, while this development possibility with 21 townhouses could provide housing for 21 separate households. Would they be people with above-average income? Probably, but at least it means those 21 households would be comfortably housed in Shaughnessy, instead of bidding up the price of housing in other neighbourhoods with gentrification concerns. &amp;#x200B; Anyway, in this particular case, it seems that nobody has been renting there. From another article: &amp;#x200B; &gt;**Swanson said positive points about the development included that it wouldn't result in anyone's eviction** and it would densify a single-family neighbourhood. On the other hand, she said the owner would get a huge increase in value if the property was upzoned and the rentals would be expensive. &gt; &gt;After describing it as "just about a toss-up" for her, she voted against application, citing the pricey rental units. &gt; &gt;"This is not a vote against density in Shaughnessy," she said. "If this was for social housing, I would vote for it for sure." &amp;#x200B; [https://www.vancourier.com/real-estate/vancouver-council-rejects-townhouse-development-next-to-hospice-1.23867359](https://www.vancourier.com/real-estate/vancouver-council-rejects-townhouse-development-next-to-hospice-1.23867359)
For those interested, the article provides a list of major bills passed during the past 4 years: ## Major bills passed during Justin Trudeau’s first term C-6, repealing Harper-era changes to citizenship law C-14, to legalize medically-assisted dying C-30, to implement the trade agreement with the EU C-45, to legalize cannabis C-46, to stiffen impaired driving law C-48, to ban oil tankers from ports along the northern B.C. coast C-59, to establish a national security review agency C-66, to expunge unjust convictions against members of the lesbian, gay, bisexual, transgender, queer and two spirit communities C-69, to reform the environmental assessment process C-71, to reform the federal gun control regime C-75, to reform criminal sentencing requirements C-76, to limit pre-election advertising and foreign interference in elections C-79, to implement the CPTPP trade agreement C-81, to promote accessibility C-91, to promote Indigenous languages C-92, to affirm the rights of Indigenous people in relation to child and family services C-93, to ease criminal record suspensions for cannabis convictions
&gt;I just wish the greens were getting the same shit. Yeah, this place seems to have a bone to pick with Swanson, where she gets singled out over everyone else on council. And on this issue, the three Greens (unlike Swanson alone) could have swung the outcome of the vote, if they wanted. &gt;And if Swanson went a bit rogue and started promoting development in "rich" areas, that'd be kinda fun too. Here's hoping.
Long story short, vehicle efficiency/emissions standards are currently the same across all of North America, but if Trump rolls back the vehicle fuel-efficiency and emissions standards that are planned for 2020 to 2025, California and 13 other states are planning to keep the higher standards anyway, and Canada is now indicating that it'll probably stick with them. &amp;#x200B; &gt;**Canada has cast its lot with California on vehicle emissions regulations, setting the stage for a split with the U.S. federal government if the Trump administration follows through on a proposal to weaken rules that dictate the fuel economy of vehicles sold in North America over the coming years.** &gt; &gt;... &gt; &gt;**They said 13 other U.S. states have signalled they intend to stick with California on stricter standards, even if the Trump administration pulls back on the federal regulations. “Those states make up 40 per cent of the U.S. auto market,”** McKenna said. &gt; &gt;... &gt; &gt;Dan Woynillowicz, policy director with the think tank Clean Energy Canada, said Ottawa is not in a position to dictate emissions standards on its own. **But combined with California and the other states, these jurisdictions represent about half the North American market.** That could encourage most automakers to decide it makes more sense adhere to the stricter standards, rather than craft different lines of production for two sets of rules, he said. &gt; &gt;“The auto sector is now going to be trying to navigate what the future standards are going to be,” Woynillowicz said. “But I think the government took an important step today towards signalling to Canadians as well as to automakers the direction it would like to see this go.” &amp;#x200B; It's also worth noting that transportation is one of the largest sources of emissions in Canada - around 20%. &gt;The transport sector is one of the largest sources of greenhouse gas emissions in Canada, with emissions from road transportation rising from 130 megatonnes in 2005 to 144 megatonnes in 2017 — hitting 20 per cent of the country’s total emissions that year — according to the most recent tally submitted to the United Nations. &amp;#x200B; The other major sources of emissions (in order) are the oil and gas industry, buildings (ie. heating with natural gas), electricity (ie. coal power and to a lesser extent natural gas), heavy industry, and agriculture. &amp;#x200B; [https://www.canada.ca/en/environment-climate-change/services/environmental-indicators/greenhouse-gas-emissions.html](https://www.canada.ca/en/environment-climate-change/services/environmental-indicators/greenhouse-gas-emissions.html)
Long story short, vehicle efficiency/emissions standards are currently the same across all of North America, but if Trump rolls back the vehicle fuel-efficiency and emissions standards that are planned for 2020 to 2025, California and 13 other states are planning to keep the higher standards anyway, and Canada is now indicating that it'll probably stick with them. &amp;#x200B; &gt;**Canada has cast its lot with California on vehicle emissions regulations, setting the stage for a split with the U.S. federal government if the Trump administration follows through on a proposal to weaken rules that dictate the fuel economy of vehicles sold in North America over the coming years.** &gt; &gt;... &gt; &gt;**They said 13 other U.S. states have signalled they intend to stick with California on stricter standards, even if the Trump administration pulls back on the federal regulations. “Those states make up 40 per cent of the U.S. auto market,”** McKenna said. &gt; &gt;... &gt; &gt;Dan Woynillowicz, policy director with the think tank Clean Energy Canada, said Ottawa is not in a position to dictate emissions standards on its own. **But combined with California and the other states, these jurisdictions represent about half the North American market.** That could encourage most automakers to decide it makes more sense adhere to the stricter standards, rather than craft different lines of production for two sets of rules, he said. &gt; &gt;“The auto sector is now going to be trying to navigate what the future standards are going to be,” Woynillowicz said. “But I think the government took an important step today towards signalling to Canadians as well as to automakers the direction it would like to see this go.”
&gt;And provide an additional what, 6 to the rental market Even more actually: there would have been 21 rental townhomes built on that property. It really is quite a loss.
If anyone wants to email and express their disappointment, here are the 7 councillors that voted against this proposal for 21 rental townhouses to replace a single-family house in Shaughnessy: &amp;#x200B; Pete Fry: [CLRfry@vancouver.ca](mailto:CLRfry@vancouver.ca) Michael Wiebe: [CLRwiebe@vancouver.ca](mailto:CLRwiebe@vancouver.ca) Adrianne Carr: [CLRcarr@vancouver.ca](mailto:CLRcarr@vancouver.ca) Jean Swanson: [CLRswanson@vancouver.ca](mailto:CLRswanson@vancouver.ca) Rebecca Bligh: [CLRbligh@vancouver.ca](mailto:CLRbligh@vancouver.ca) Sarah Kirby-Yung: [CLRkirby-yung@vancouver.ca](mailto:CLRkirby-yung@vancouver.ca) Colleen Hardwick: [CLRhardwick@vancouver.ca](mailto:CLRhardwick@vancouver.ca) &amp;#x200B; Apparently you can also send a message to the entire council through the textbox on here: [https://vancouver.ca/your-government/contact-council.aspx](https://vancouver.ca/your-government/contact-council.aspx) &amp;#x200B; Just keep in mind, your email doesn't have to be an essay or anything profound. Even just a quick three-line email would send the message that A) you saw how they voted on this, and B) you didn't like it. The more emails they receive, the more the message will get through to them. &amp;#x200B; If councillors think that local neighbours are basically the only people who care about rezonings and housing proposals, then of course they'll keep caving to pressure from NIMBYs. But if they think that a broader swath of the public cares and pays close attention to how councillors vote, then hopefully next time they'll give more weight to the overall public interest, and the citywide housing shortage and affordability crisis.
Right on, it’s good for them to hear from the voters, whatever our views may be.
It is a bit funny seeing Hardwick (conservative?), Swanson (socialist), and Carr (co-founder of the Green Party) uniting in an alliance against the construction of market-rental housing rental. Say what you will about this council, but at least they don't vote strictly along party lines!
To be fair, the NPA mayoral candidate (Ken Sim) was saying that his main idea for the housing crisis was simply allowing more basement suites in existing houses, which didn't seem like a very ambitious vision... And I think there was something like \~100 candidates for council, so it was hard for an average voter to know what many of them were actually like as individuals. Luckily, those NPA councillors mostly turned out to be quite reasonable (aside from Hardwick).
I'm trying to figure out if it's a joke or not, and I'm stumped.
Okay so I'm no expert, but I'm home sick today and bored, so I spent 30 minutes on this lol. &gt;the plane caries 20t of fuel. I think that number is too low. I did some searching, and a Boeing 747-400 (as an example) can have fuel capacity of around 200,000 L ([source](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Boeing_747-400)). Jet fuel weighs 0.8 kg/L, and 1 tonne is 1000 kg, so a Boeing 747 can carry **160 tonnes of jet fuel**. A flight from Vancouver to Frankfurt is about 10.5 hours ([source](https://www.travelmath.com/flying-time/from/Vancouver,+Canada/to/Frankfurt,+Germany)), and the Boeing 747 apparently burns about 10-11 tonnes of fuel per hour ([source](https://www.flightdeckfriend.com/ask-a-captain/how-much-fuel-does-a-jumbo-jet-burn/)), so we would expect it to burn **at least 105 tonnes of jet fuel**. For our calculations, let's suppose it was fully fueled and they dumped all extra fuel before landing, meaning the full **160 tonnes** was used. Apparently a Boeing 747-400 can have a max passenger capacity of 416 or 524 (depending on layout) so let's assume **400 passengers.** That would mean **0.4 tonnes of jet fuel per passenger**. The **ratio of CO2 emissions to jet fuel is 3.0** (ie. 1 kg of jet fuel burned, reacting with the oxygen in the air, produces 3 kg of CO2 emissions) ([source](https://www.engineeringtoolbox.com/co2-emission-fuels-d_1085.html)). Therefore, we get **1.2 tonnes of CO2 emissions per passenger.** So based on that, the estimate of 1.3 tonnes of CO2 emissions per passenger seems to be in the right ballpark, even if it might be high (depending on our assumptions, type of plane, etc.)
&amp;#x200B; &gt;**A United Nations committee working to end racism is urging Canada to immediately stop the construction of three major resource projects in B.C. until it obtains approval from affected First Nations.** &gt; &gt;The Committee on the Elimination of Racial Discrimination, which monitors a convention to end racial discrimination signed by countries including Canada, is calling for a suspension of the Trans Mountain pipeline expansion, Site C dam and Coastal GasLink pipeline. &gt; &gt;... &gt; &gt;**Trans Mountain Corp., the Crown corporation building the pipeline expansion, said it is approved and moving forward with construction safely and in respect of communities.** &gt; &gt;**BC Hydro said it has been consulting with affected First Nations on Site C since 2007 and has reached benefit agreements with most of them.** &gt; &gt;**"The Canadian courts have reviewed our consultation with certain First Nations and found it to be adequate and to have appropriately accommodated their interests,'' the utility said in a statement.** &gt; &gt;**"To date, more than $230 million in Site C procurement opportunities has been committed to Indigenous companies. In addition, we have around 400 Indigenous peoples currently working on the project.''** &gt; &gt;The Canadian government, Coastal GasLink and RCMP did not immediately respond to requests for comment. &gt; &gt;**The UN committee has previously demanded a halt to the Site C project in in northeast British Columbia, which is opposed by the West Moberly and Prophet River First Nations. However, this marks the first time it has called for a stop to the Trans Mountain and Coastal GasLink projects.** &gt; &gt;The right to "free, prior and informed consent'' to resource projects is part of the UN Declaration on the Rights of Indigenous Peoples (UNDRIP), which Canada has adopted but not incorporated into law. &gt; &gt;The B.C. government has committed to adapt its laws to meet the aims of the UN resolution but has not yet begun amending legislation. &gt; &gt;... If I recall, Trudeau and Horgan have both said the "right to free, prior, and informed consent" does not imply that any group has a "veto" over resource projects (just meaningful consultation). I hope they're right, and that they are implementing UNDRIP in a way that ensures that is the case under Canadian law. I understand the complaints about Site C dam, but if we get to a place where we can't even build hydro dams if a single group is opposed, it's really going to hamstring our ability to fight climate change. Electrifying the parts of our economy that run on fossil fuels is the most promising way to cut our GHG emissions, and to do that, we're ultimately going to need to double or triple Canada's electricity production (while phasing out the coal plants that provide 10% of Canada's power, and eventually the natural gas plants that provide another 10%). If hydro dams in BC get blocked by First Nations complaints, and wind farms in Ontario get blocked or torn down to appease unhappy neighbours, we're going to have a very difficult time ramping up our production of renewable energy fast enough to fight climate change.
&gt;You are mistaken. There is no form of requiring consent, free, prior, informed, or otherwise, that does not constitute a veto. That is the definition of consent: if someone, for example, does not consent to sex, that constitutes a veto on that sex. If that's the legal interpretation of that word when it comes to resource projects, then the federal and provincial governments should make it clear that they cannot implement UNDRIP in its entirety, because the "free, prior and informed consent" part is a poison pill that they cannot accept. Because as far as I've heard, they've both said they have no intention of giving any single group a veto.
&gt;Vancouver city Coun. Jean Swanson is raising concerns that the new St. Paul’s Hospital development at 1002 Station St. may lead to the displacement of low-income residents currently living in nearby Downtown Eastside SROs. &gt; &gt;“The development of this hospital could lead to gentrification in the area,” said Swanson. “There will be hundreds of employees at the hospital who will want to live close to work, and that gives landlords the impetus to get rid of low-paying renters in favour of those that can pay higher rates.” &gt; &gt;Although SRO units are protected by the Single Room Accommodation (SRA) bylaw enacted in 2003 with the objective of discouraging investors and developers from buying affordable housing stock for the purpose of speculation, SRO housing stock continues to dwindle, Swanson said. &gt; &gt;Developers can bypass the one-to-one replacement of SRO rooms for social housing by paying a $125,000 replacement fee per unit. In addition, said Swanson, developers find different ways to get rid of low-income tenants. Some of the strategies she has seen landlords try include changing locks and requiring residents to pay for expensive fobs, offering low-income tenants cash to move out or doing light renovations and then renting the rooms out as more expensive “micro-suites." &gt; &gt; “One of the hotels was advertised as micro-suites rather than SROs, and they advertised that it was close to the new St. Paul’s,” said Swanson. “In March the homeless count was 2,223, the highest count we’ve ever had in B.C. and the gentrification of the SROs will only make it worse.” &gt; &gt;The recent closures of the Balmoral and Regent hotels resulted in the loss of some 300 shelter-rate rooms in the DTES, and four other SROs, The Pacific Rooms, the Silver Avalon, the Arno Hotel and St. Elmo’s, were recently put up for sale, putting another 180 SRO rooms at-risk, Swanson said. &gt; &gt;SRO hotels within walking distance of the St. Paul’s development include the Ivanhoe, the Cobalt and Arno hotels, and make up 230 rooms. &gt; &gt;Swanson is asking that city council direct staff to report back on how to prevent gentrification and the loss of nearby SRO rooms and low-income housing before construction starts on the new St. Paul’s. And that council consider establishing a public database of SROs and other current low-income housing, and increasing the SRA replacement fee and restrictions on rate-of-change for low-income housing other than SROs. &gt; &gt; “It makes good sense and I don’t see any reason council wouldn’t support the motion,” Swanson said.
&gt;Liberals were divided on the sex marriage issue too in 2005. For anyone wondering, the vote tally in 2005 was: * Liberal cabinet: 36-0 * Liberal backbench: 59-32 * Conservatives: 3-93 [https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Members\_of\_the\_38th\_Canadian\_Parliament\_and\_same-sex\_marriage](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Members_of_the_38th_Canadian_Parliament_and_same-sex_marriage) &amp;#x200B; And the 2006 vote count (on whether to repeal it) is here: [https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Members\_of\_the\_39th\_Canadian\_Parliament\_and\_same-sex\_marriage](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Members_of_the_39th_Canadian_Parliament_and_same-sex_marriage)
Canadians traveling to the United States have to deal with US border officers. Canadians who aren't traveling to the US don't have to deal with them. How does that compare to not being an independent country?
What makes MacKay so unpalatable to conservatives in western Canada? Any specific issues they’re worried about? Or just that he generally won’t understand/care as much about their issues?
I'm late replying, but that makes sense. Thanks for the response.
Are you aware that Obama vetoed the Keystone XL pipeline? And that Trump revived the project in his first week as President? [President Obama Rejects Keystone XL Pipeline Proposal - November 2015](https://www.nbcnews.com/news/us-news/obama-announce-rejection-keystone-xl-pipeline-proposal-n458651) [Trump orders revival of Keystone XL and Dakota Access pipelines - January 2017](https://www.theguardian.com/us-news/2017/jan/24/keystone-xl-dakota-access-pipelines-revived-trump-administration)
&gt;Though, somehow this started during Obama’s administration. It "started" in the sense that the company proposed the Keystone XL pipeline while Obama was president, but Obama blocked the project. Then Trump revived the pipeline project in his first week as President. [President Obama Rejects Keystone XL Pipeline Proposal - November 2015](https://www.nbcnews.com/news/us-news/obama-announce-rejection-keystone-xl-pipeline-proposal-n458651) [Trump orders revival of Keystone XL and Dakota Access pipelines - January 2017](https://www.theguardian.com/us-news/2017/jan/24/keystone-xl-dakota-access-pipelines-revived-trump-administration)
Doesn't sound like it, from what I've read, it seems the Security Council's rotating seats are for 2-year terms, and they're based on an equal vote among all UN member countries. Canada is competing with Norway and Ireland for 2 spots in this year's vote (and all seem like worthy options IMO), so one of them won't get it.
&gt;Her other major problems would be the opposition, or whomever, would immediately revive the story about her skipping debates in several elections, and when she used a school appearance to push her political opinions. Those sound like extremely minor issues, to be honest, not scandals. I mean, Trudeau skipped the Maclean's national debate in the most recent election (but attended the consortium debates), and millions of people (including me) still voted for his party. I really can't imagine anyone besides hyper-partisans caring that a PM candidate skipped *local* debates in *previous* elections.
&gt; Why would anyone? To have significant power and influence over public policy and the direction of our country... Elections might not be pretty, but what you can do afterwards makes it worth the effort for a lot of people.
There's now a federal incentive of $5000, for what it's worth.
&gt;our own democracy has consistently elected people and parties who only get \~30-35% of the popular vote to run our country. Not consistently... in fact, that only happened **once** in Canada's history of federal elections - it just happened to be in 2019 so it's fresh in our memories. 35-40% is more common (especially recently), but prior to the 2000s, the winning party almost always got over 40%. &gt;AKA 65-70% of people do not want them to run the country. That's not necessarily the case... I can support more than one party to varying degrees, but only get to vote for 1 of them. And there's also no guarantee under a PR system that everyone who voted for a party in the governing coalition will be happy with it. For example, [in Austria](https://www.bbc.com/news/world-europe-50969001), the Green party just formed a coalition with the Conservatives, so their agenda includes increasing renewable energy, while also cutting taxes and restricting headscarves on girls in school. Over 50% of voters chose **one** of those parties, but they're very different, so there's no guarantee that all of those voters will support that coalition, after finding out what compromises their preferred party had to make. In our system, the coalitions and compromises are mostly made *within* each party, before the people vote, whereas under PR they're made between parties *after* the people vote. Our system has its pros and cons, like any other.
I mean, if you go out and ask the same question to 1200 different people, representing a mix of different demographics, you get a pretty good sense of where public opinion is. It's a lot better than basing opinions off the 10 people you talk about politics with in real life, or social media conversations (which tend to skew towards certain demographics, depending on the website). And statistically, 1200 is considered a credible sample size with a small margin of error.
It's kinda true though. The UN was created right after WWII ended, and the US, Russia, Britain, France, and China were all on the winning side, and got to become permanent Security Council members. It hasn't been changed since then.
I will say that the far-right and far-left both seem to be obsessed with each other, and both seem to believe that the other is a huge threat, and way larger and more influential than they really are. Meanwhile most people are somewhere in the middle, and the major political debates in our country are mainly between the centre-left and centre-right.
&gt; tbf all the leadership contenders are being a tad own the libs-y. MacKay made fun of Trudeau for doing a sport less manly than Hockey (yoga), and gave Trudeau flak for virtue signalling (please don't rule 2 me). I think we're gonna hear a lot of that stuff, during this leadership race. In John Ivison's column today, he says that Peter Mackay turned down a charity boxing match against Trudeau back in 2012 (which is understandable, as a cabinet minister at the time). But MacKay now says he wants to fight Trudeau "UFC rules. Or on the ice — no headgear, no gloves" Like... what?? [https://nationalpost.com/opinion/john-ivison-mackay-offers-a-lot-to-like-for-conservatives-as-he-steps-into-leadership-fray](https://nationalpost.com/opinion/john-ivison-mackay-offers-a-lot-to-like-for-conservatives-as-he-steps-into-leadership-fray)
It might be a case of playing to the base in the primary, and then trying to pivot later, to more moderate stances for the general election.
&gt;The department of finance is usually extremely good at costing programs For this program, the rebate is a set amount for each EV purchased by the public, so the rate of spending depends on the number sold. That seems to have increased significantly since the program started (which was the intent, of course). But as a consequence, they'll either have to end the program early, lower the incentives to stretch them for longer (like BC did, when it lowered provincial rebates from $5k to $3k), or allocate more funding to it.
And it appears that Broadway wasn't a major arterial street? At least not west of Victoria Drive.
Yeah that's a good option as well.
You quadrupled posted, BTW.
Nice catch. Coulda been worse, I guess
&gt;Why is this UK centric news making its way through our cbc? Because it's world news with major implications for a big decision that Canada is expected to make? It was news when the US banned it, it was news when Australia banned it, and it's news that the UK is allowing it. I'm honestly baffled that you could think this isn't newsworthy. &gt;The CBC isn't fake news but they are selective as hell as to what they report if they can't push their progessive agenda. What does this story have to do with a "progressive agenda"?
&gt;just because someone voted for a party that mentioned climate change All three of those parties made climate change policies a central part of their election campaigns, and the Conservative campaign focused on their opposition to the Liberals' climate policies (especially the carbon tax). It wasn't a minor side issue, that was occasionally mentioned, it was one the main issues debated in this election. &gt;that they are somehow deeply invested in that one, peripheral issue. Voters aren't necessarily "deeply invested" in every stance that their preferred party holds - that's always been the case. But the governing party still has a mandate to act on their platform, especially on issues that were well-publicized and are a core part of their agenda.
&gt;If he announces it he looks slimy and calculating I don't think it really comes off that way, to be honest. People seem to want their leaders to publicly demonstrate their support for gay rights, so he's saying he'll do that. That's all there is to it. On Reddit you can find someone to complain or criticize practically anything, but that doesn't represent the overall public sentiment.
Sure, I agree with that. But ultimately the Liberals won a mandate to continue with their climate policies, especially since those policies are generally supported by the Bloc, NDP, and Greens (parties that generally want to go even further, if anything). Should they look for opportunities to accommodate Alberta/Saskatchewan or others who didn't vote for them? Sure, at least when it's possible to do so without undermining core aspects of their agenda. But they certainly don't have to cancel the climate plan they launched and successfully defended in an election campaign.
Other communities want to build more office towers too, in areas like Metrotown, Coquitlam Centre, and central Surrey (all located along the Skytrain lines).
&gt;We have no notable effect, and nothing we do can change it. We're one of the top 10 largest economies, and one of the top 10 emitters of greenhouse gases. We can do more than most countries. Plus, the policies and clean technologies we'll use to reduce our emissions here in Canada can set examples for other places to follow. And if we create some of those clean technologies here in Canada, that's even better, as we can sell them to the rest of the world.
No, that's not it, in this case. I'm Canadian as well, and it's not that I can't remember Obama's staff, it's that I never knew their names in the first place (probably because that President wasn't constantly neck deep in major scandals). I just looked up who Obama's chief of staff was, and it turns out he had 5 of them: * Denis McDonough * Jack Lew * Bill Daley * Pete Rouse * Rahm Emmanuel The only name I recognize is Rahm Emmanuel, and that's mostly because he became mayor of Chicago afterwards. I've haven't heard of George W Bush's chiefs of staff either. But I've certainly heard of John Kelly, Reince Priebus, and Mick Mulvaney.
&gt;Quebec, Ontario and Atlantic ridings are weighted heavier. So that is the silver lining for MacKay. That works, as long as those regions all favour MacKay... but the risk is if he ends up underachieving in Quebec (due to weak French?) and in Ontario (O'Toole is also Ontario-based).
&gt;Man, is it really that tough to walk in a parade? In case you missed his explanation, O'Toole says he'll walk in other pride parades, but not Toronto's, because they banned police from wearing uniforms in the parade, and he says he disagrees with that. &gt;In a statement released on Twitter Tuesday, **O’Toole said he is willing to march in any Pride parade that allows uniformed police to participate**, something Toronto Pride declined to allow last year. Police were only allowed to march if they did not wear their uniform. &gt; &gt;“In my view, its regrettable position is incompatible with the principles of inclusivity and the equality of all Canadians,” O’Toole said in his statement, released Tuesday. I think he's probably trying to use it as a wedge issue.
Good explanation, and for what it's worth, there's actually a price cap of $55k for the rebate, so the more expensive ones aren't eligible. [https://www.tc.gc.ca/en/services/road/innovative-technologies/zero-emission-vehicles.html](https://www.tc.gc.ca/en/services/road/innovative-technologies/zero-emission-vehicles.html)
They're saying the promises were unrealistically fast, whereas the actual funding has been slower.
Indeed. I'm vegetarian (technically pescetarian, since I still eat seafood) and I eat at Tim Horton's sometimes (mostly for muffins, bagels, or donuts). They're in convenient locations, so why not?
Very different ones though, and much more popular. Lots of people are fine with LGBT rights and abortion, but also want tougher sentencing for criminals.
You left out the groups who get the biggest tax cut: &gt; **Individuals with incomes between $103,018 and $159,694 will be $347 better off. Those with incomes between $51,510 and $103,017 will receive $337.**
And a month ago, Pierre Poilievre was calling this tax cut "too little, too late". [https://www.ctvnews.ca/politics/liberals-move-on-tax-cut-for-the-middle-class-in-the-commons-1.4721700](https://www.ctvnews.ca/politics/liberals-move-on-tax-cut-for-the-middle-class-in-the-commons-1.4721700?cache=yesclipId104062%3FclipId%3D104069)
&gt;The most savings go to making over150k a year No, it's the opposite. The article says the most savings go to people making between $50k and $150k. &gt;**Individuals with incomes between $103,018 and $159,694 will be $347 better off. Those with incomes between $51,510 and $103,017 will receive $337.** &gt; &gt;People earning $159,695 to $227,504 are next in line, with a $257 tax cut. Those with incomes between $15,001 and $51,509 will receive $211, and individuals with incomes below $15,000 will save one dollar, on average.
&gt; Alberta businessman Rick Peterson believes there is a “wide open spot” in the Conservative leadership race for some inventive policy ideas and he will launch his campaign in Edmonton Wednesday with a plan to abolish federal corporate income taxes. &gt; &gt;Peterson will also tout a 15 per cent federal flat tax as he looks to shake-up a race that has seen front-runner Peter MacKay scooping up caucus endorsements and rival Erin O’Toole making headlines with sharp attacks on MacKay in the early days of the campaign. &gt; &gt;“From what I’ve seen so far, I just haven’t seen any policy,” said Peterson, in an interview with the National Post. “And we’ve got a lot of policy.” &gt; &gt;Peterson’s speech on Wednesday will focus on themes of innovation and creative disruption, using Canadian entrepreneurial successes like Shopify and Skip The Dishes as examples of how the Conservative Party should embrace risk-taking. Peterson will announce a plan “to make Canada the boldest, most disruptive place on Earth.” &gt; &gt; In his speech, Peterson will also promise to rip up Bill C-48, which restricted tanker traffic along B.C.’s north coast, and rewrite Bill C-69, which changed how major projects in Canada are approved. Peterson will also promise to replace the federal carbon tax with a levy on heavy emitters, promote competition in the telecommunications sector, in the hopes of lowering cell phone bills, and rollback any federal firearms legislation instituted by the Liberal government. &gt; &gt; The campaign hopes that a series of innovative ideas will drive media coverage and word-of-mouth with party members, especially if the two front-runners, former cabinet ministers MacKay and O’Toole, run campaigns more on name-recognition than substance.
And my point is that you were leaving out important context - that people making less money than them would actually get a larger tax cut.
UBC has lots of student housing, and is still building lots more. But not all students can afford (or want) to live away from home, many live at their parents' places all over the Lower Mainland. And some live away from their parents, but prefer to live off-campus. Either way, this would definitely speed up their commutes (not to mention staff and other people who work at UBC). Plus there's some reverse commuting, like people who live at UBC campus but work somewhere east of that. And that trend will only increase as more market housing gets built there.
&gt;Factor in the millions of extra dollars that the CPC spends on fundraising compared to the LPC What do you mean by that?
&gt;No systematic racism you say? He said not the same, not none.
[Telus skips Huawei, picks Ericsson and Nokia to build 5G network](https://vancouversun.com/news/local-news/telus-skips-huawei-picks-ericsson-and-nokia-to-build-5g-network)
Source? Keep in mind, more than 0.15% of the population of New York state has *already died* from COVID. If your numbers were true, it would mean that over 75% of the NY state population already got COVID. That seems very unlikely. In fact, 0.3% of the population of Queens, New York has died of COVID. So if 100% of people got it (unlikely), your supposed fatality rate would still be too low. &amp;#x200B; Here's what we do know: 8% of Canada's confirmed cases have died (over 7000 people). If your fatality numbers were correct, then it would mean over 3 million Canadians have gotten COVID already. If 3 million Canadians already gotten COVID (based on your numbers), then that seems like a compelling reason to social distance and slow down its spread. It's also worth keeping in mind: even aside from death, there are a lot of very bad health outcomes people are seeing, including working-age people.
Good catch, you're right I hadn't seen the video.
Good catch, I assumed from the headline, but you're right he didn't use that word. It does seem from the rest of his comment that his intent was to say the issue is different/better here (rather than non-existent), but he wasn't that clear.
&gt;How many are still in need of clean drinking water? Currently there's 61 drinking water advisories. But on the plus side, 88 have been lifted in the past 5 years, so there is at least progress being made on that issue. [https://www.sac-isc.gc.ca/eng/1506514143353/1533317130660](https://www.sac-isc.gc.ca/eng/1506514143353/1533317130660)
I watched the ABC interview (which was very good), and he said Trump's not a real conservative, and is a danger to America. He said he hopes Trump will go down in history as a 1-term mistake, and that America can recover from 1 term of Trump, but a 2nd term would cause very long-lasting damage. Despite all that... he said he's not voting Trump or Biden, and instead he's going to write in the name of a conservative Republican. He didn't really elaborate on why he wouldn't vote Biden though, even when he wants Trump to be "a 1-term president".
