ADrive????
Pensive?...google search pensive...ohhh deep thought...engaging in reflective deep or serious thought!!! Gotcha!!!
I watch city for Pep...i watch barca for the full sheer experience with the 🐐 and company!!!
1st goal in la liga!!! Good stuff Aleña!
Ahh our Virgin of Guadalupe!!! Her feast day is coming up on 12th of December!!!
Noice!!!
Same I only have the pokemon games mario 64 golden eye and smash bros!
Damn you rock those outfits quite well!!! Looking elegant and pretty!!!
Pablo escobar just waiting for the goods!!
Ok gotta check west babylon one!!
Is there an updated checklist of amiibos? I'm currently collecting now! And am late to the game!
Thank you!
Or death to insult via Google translate thank you!
Thank you!
Yup that's what one of my asian friends told me!
One is a runt and the other is the alpha!
St. Louis Rampage!
Living in the Mcallister's house!!!
Another one!! Feel better and get well soon!
Pooch!!!
How is dark souls remasterd for switch thinking of buying it! With my copy of smash!
Uncle Biden for president 2020!
Cyberdyne systems = Alexa?
Fuck The Chinese government!!! Really fuck them for being so backwards!!! I hope One day their system of government collapses!
Good use of the egg white!!! Love creating frothy drinks!!! The best part you don't even taste the egg when mixed up with the alcohol!!
Nintendo persona 5 golden for switch please make it happen!!!!!
Necks!!!
The man is out of this fucking world!!!
Messi and the Post...like always but this game is going 🖐
Dembouz goal was great, Messi is Messi no comment, Suarez is the Gunner!!! Can't complaint about MSD!
2 free kicks 100% completion what universe does this man come from?
Thank God espanyol stadium is quiet as hell!
Welp clean sheets still!
Grats ATL seriously kick ass fandom over there! And you didn't bottle it like the Falcons!!!
Bernaleo is lit today!!!
Bernaleo is Lit!!!
Make him cry again please!!!
All the right would loose their minds
All i want to see is Tommy Oliver Green Ranger on smash Bros...with the Final smash being him calling on the dragon zord to blast everyone in the field to oblivion
True...but one can dream different lore!
USP Leavenworth is waiting for individual numero uno!
If shit hits the fan i hope the military is with us the people! Not with trumps right wing nut jobs!
thanks
Operation: Expose the NRA wide appart has commence!
Gad...I remember those times...
Something Michael Scott would be fond of!
Womp womp!!! Next!!!!
That shit lol
Thanks!!
I will add this to my snes mini!!
LoL I should delete this thread!!! 😂😂😂
Thanks
Damn garrison in cuffs...a little shade of what's to happen in the future? Neds alive though!!!
beat it already! good games actually i have beaten all 3 samus games the nes snes and the gameboy game!
The Christmas hero we don't deserve!!!
Bruh!!!!
he doesn't have none...
What episode is this???
Damn the tiki torch protest was last year? I could have sworn it was this year...how my mind is right now I'm spaced out and no I don't smoke that tegridy!!! My lifestyle is too busy!! Edit: spelling
Yup!!
really i have to see the episode again!
another one bites the dust dun dun dun dun.....
Maybe hemp cbd but thc I don't think so!!!
Fire Bowles
Your not badass if you call yourself badass!
Inbred red necks!
Crazy Messi 100 percent free kick completion last week and topping it off with a hat trick the man is amazing!!!
Piplup for the win that's all!
We wuz kangz!!!
Ughh bad timing for me as i have to stay clean before i get called for my dream job until the feds legalize it completely! (Air traffic control) at least i got the benefits of full CBD!
I get distillate cbd and mix it with ejuice when I medicate!
I know it's a state only rules if the feds legalize I hope they are lax like canada or have a rule like here in the states with alcohol use which states that you have to abstain from alcohol for 8 hours from last alcoholic drink when piloting or doing traffic controlling.
The halloween episode was the alien invasion one! Grampa dressed up the water tower with lights to make it look like a ufo at the end! Edit: word
Pobre river plate!!! What a surprise for this Arab country
Would it be theft from the daughter and destruction of property by the father
Vamos Carajo!!!!
Tenemos juego!!!
No you have tattoo removal with "lazer beams" the "lazer" is hot enough to remove the tattoo with time and many "lazer" treatments!!!
Deflated balls anyone?
Gotta find high cbd and &lt;.3 thc buds to make a good tincture for my mom after her neck surgery next month!
Illegal state but soon to be legalized in Ny...this isn't hemp legal :( gotta be under .03 thc I'm looking for good hemp buds with high cbd! Might just go for isolate and do something for my mom like I do!
Indoor grow!!
The only adult left the room...now we have a bunch of loons...
Thank you so much I know who's getting a stackfull of cbd hemp buds for xmas!!
Can you explain how I can do this?
Lol I get it!!!
This is it the false king is about to be thrown to the hungry starving hyenas!
Deep throat that shit
Yea if it was in la villa public the PNC would be bitching and fine you...
The red triangles los morteros hahaha I loved those I used to put them on them cracked walls where the cement is chipped in the middle of bricks Boom cracked holes in cement...i used to hear las viejas screaming patojos cerotes vayan a meterle eso a sus abuelas...😂😂😂
The new ligma
fuck i still remember that game!! our Christmas gift from them to us...Barca was 14 points ahead at that point before Christmas break! Santa even gave Ramos his red Christmas card he wanted that classico 😂
[Highlights of the game](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CaXBZxMaugM)
Post on TD I dare you!
i will buy it when it goes down to 50 and its easier to hack I need my good rpgs in and a good emulator!
man crt in 2006 still where rocking...I was all spiffy in college with my flat screen monitor!
Wow...i didn't know lol
If we can't sell it to them sell it to private prison corps...they feed prisoners soy all the time!!
D
John's crazy socks?
Usa
Airplane watched it to many times it and it doesn't get old!
More like I'm soon gonna be working for the feds
Anyways that "aid" is used by the corrupted government for their own needs and nothing or maybe 5 percent is going to the people if it's going to them at all!! Just remember that...this won't matter a bit for those trying to get here to the us for an oportunity!!!!
not gonna lie im really missing that one big time! ffs i wish christmas holiday was 6 months long!
New beginning people!!!! Finally the Jets might reach something next year!!!!
Help me get Anything that can be as close to Tsar by van cleef &amp; arpels...that was my winter frag for me with Burberry can some one suggest something?
Another philly championship??? I'll take it!!! Good luck guys!!! Rooting for you!!
Fumes and diacytel...Popcorn lung!!!
Gotta figure 8 that shit
EASY WORK!!!!
I had that set in the 90s!!!!
So its 3-0 since I haven't seen a redsox Boston game!!! Keep it going Yankees!
Man I thought the ucl game gonna be early at 1pm eastern but 3pm heh..
Making it month 3 here!!!
How much did Victoria secret pay her?
Snooze fest cmon I want a good 2h
This game feels like shit boring...I think if this was Barca vs Spurs the score would probably be 2-1 right now goal from messi and (fill in the blank)...
Wrong message
WE WANT MOURA!!!!!
Why not Harry fucking kane...ffs he's bad
Yea finally he should of been playing from the start mate!
Is it me of TNT changed commentators
This is like the past super bowl here in the states
With this shitty champions league game Messi deserves that Ballon Dor
GAME OVER!
Just another epl weekend match bruh...
That was MSN era!
City will win epl next season anyways enjoy it!
Fuck yea way better
Worst fucking final in years...cant wait for gold cup and copa America and nations league semi
We said it over there at /r/Barca too shite game no tactics at all snore fest!!!
The chic is vitalyztv girl!
Girl friend partner just go to his YouTube and you will see her I the recent vids
Good I'll get the mine pick I want that salt motherload...
Back in 06 messi didn't play for 2 months leading to the champions league final but was included as a sub was he injured? I dont remember this
That game was crazy such heart from our guys even down 1 nil they never quit and scored 2 to win it all! Eto'o and Balletti fucking shut arsenal down! Prime Brazilian Ron was fun to watch play!
Yep! I watched the whole game today! It's crazy 13 years ago I was just about to graduate high school that made my summer!
Boxing is still alive!!! Gonna start following these fights! That esse has heart of a lion never quit! When is his next fight?
Or maybe suggestions of a website that does custom cuts too! Either way thanks in advance
I haven't gotten it yet just planning my project out and yes that karlby has the edge strips
Will apple phase off the cylinder mac pro?
Greatest president ever change my mind!
Bewbs!!!!
Would milk curdle with this type of tea?
Great thinking I hope so! Give us a little bit more power removing some things and make it cheaper for us non professionals!
DARK SOULS DOGGO SIF FTW!!!!
Getting both games fuck I'm happy for raid battles do you know we are one step closer to a full fledge pokemon mmorpg
Yep I have a bottle from a year and a half steeped and it taste good but its harsh a little cant vape it all the time just when I'm in the mood!
So I should buy R9 3900X for gaming streaming graphic design (Ps cad for 3d printing 3d modeling) music production and video editing? Or go a step down to the R7?
So I should buy R9 3900X for gaming, streaming, graphic design (Ps cad for 3d printing 3d modeling 3d graphics for video production) , music production and video editing...Or go a step down to the R7 and Oc it to save some cash in my pocket for my GPU, ram sticks, case, and accessories?
Disney princess
Yes we do! But I have asked my family member if in could borrow his tools for when the day comes and he said yes!
Ey Pokemon sword!
As a shiny hunter please proper sr buttons I dont want to go to the menu 1st and then load the game 1st!
Yep def a thumbs up I didn't like the gradient one from 2 or 3 years ago...this one is a solid buy from me!
Been to the Bethlehem one
AMD ftw!
Switch with keyb? That looks sexy!!
Is this an IKEA hack? Is that wood top a karlby countertop?
Happy one of ower own won!
Yep probably the week of Thanksgiving! 16 more months
Halo infinite!!! Chief is alive!!! Continue the battle!
Shut up and take my damn money!!! This sim is looking sexxxxy!!!
GOTTTEEEM!!! HAAHAAHAA!!!!
Dont forget day one edition
After all those end of gen games release Heh I need about 1,500 by the end of 2020 for ps5 xbox scarlett their day one games...I'm building my gaming PC next month for ms game pass too
Helloooooo Nurse!!!!
Yea making a little to easy for the kids
G4TV....I would do anything to get this back on TV
Yes I don't mind the ads bring it back!
2 more games!
Thank goodness I didn't plop money for this!
Undertale chars on smash!
🔥🔥🔥!!FIRE FREI!!🔥🔥🔥
Shut up and take my money!!!....this year to next year I'm gonna be bankrupt by all these games!!!
Dood really!!! day one purchase for me Let's goo nintendo!!! My inner weeb craves jrpgs on switch!! Now bring persona 5 from ps4 to switch
Might as well hack it up!
Thanks will preorder my founders edition today then!
March 2020 is saturated with games...
I'm happy with Nintendo e3 so far
No living DeX fffffff
Sensei knows best!
Slimer any one?
Saga remake 2020?
Does gooigiette exist??? That's the question!
It's like the Disney electric parade music...it sticks to your ear for ever!
My Ni🅱️🅱️a barret!
This is hot!
I miss this shit
Bravo! Olé!
My piplup better be there!
Hail Helix!
I want those phanpy too...I want my elephant pokemon...it would be a shame if we dont get elephants
Adios good riddance sayonara bye felicia....
Are you fucking kidding me...nah fam this is too much ingnorance...set them a meeting with real white supremacist and let's see how fast the coward out...
Snowball
To me I want a Netflix style of service pay 15 or so a month and I have access to a plethora of games to play now to me I only collect physical copies of games that are unique, rare, and collectable or games that hold value to me cough final fantasy series... I really dont want to own games any more I love the digital copies better
Argentina doesnt have a team
You cant depend on messi...its gonna be a good rest for August!
More dongers Outta the stadium stoke we really gonna run the ALE show now!!!
Youk damn that name!!! I miss that!!!
Chile?
Both would be nice!
30s-50s
Diablo 1 2 3 and all warcraft games...that would be nice
Fast and good like the reply said they are partnered with Google! So expect it to be the best cafe to play in!
Japan and Korea have gaming cafes...pay a fee you get a private cubicle comfy reclining chair a PC an keyb and a screen and you can play all the games you want plus unlimited soft drinks and some snacks! People who miss the last train rent one and play video games and sleep until they open up the train station up at 5am. Open 24hrs
Worthless skin sack neutralized counter terrorist win!
Hes ready for some kkk,white nationalist, neo nazi cock bukake!!!
Hes ready for some...
I love you 3000!!!!!
Any good tc compatible subohm tanks that are worth getting?
Can August come any quicker....
Messi 😭😭😭😭 dont fuck it up!
Just fuck my shit up!
Beautiful save!
Dora the explorer pokemon crossover Grookey as boots
What is in Bezos mind about this?
Satan is gonna go down town with him in hell!
HAIL HELIX!!!!!!!!!!!!!
/r/gentlemanboners
You know I'm pissed the fuck off I let my dad take our old Sony Trinitron Vaio monitor in 2005 that screen was magic playing old school video games and watching bootleg anime DVDs!
Look its trumpshoos
This shit basically destroyed my fam...healing scars now!
And the ones in older pokemon
Gambling irl money...watching my dad waste money like crazy got me into my alcohol problem
Hey fellow /r/vandweller
SE DICE COLOMBIA NO COLUMBIA HIJUEPUTA!!!!!
And pokemon SwSh?.....
Has to be Atlantic City right? I can see the signs from the Atlantic city parkway!!!!
Been there done that 😌 love it at 6am when the sun is rising in the summer time...always had a vodka cran red bull and my herb vaporizer when I used to drink alcohol and visited ac! and went to the back to view the sunrise! Edit: added couple of words
Dani Alves next!
And we haven't reach mid season yet!...big dongers coming in!!!
I see you like the prison issued look on your electronics you cant hide contraband on the babies!...jokes aside they look great
Hahaha lol in all seriousness I'm thinking of doing this mod with led lights in atomic purp
You have your ifr plates in the iPad too?
Cant wait for the new MS Flight sim !! What brand are your flight sim equipment?
Bb2 or the movie!! Stop teasing
B O Y C O T T !
Bye bye T_D....
A bunch of ignoramus people lockem up in a border detention center and hear them weep
Good looking doggo
At least soccer has PES as an alternative but Football fuck man I hate ea Madden I go to nfl2k on ps2 with updated rosters that's the cream of the crop
Friend of AOC?
Any place I can see the replay of the debate... I was out!
Geeze...
Give us a dlc code if stadia is gone or have an option transfer the game to pc/ps/xbox
Yea they use nic salts for those pouches and flavoring
Good old fasttech
This game....
Hammer time!
Username checks out...go to sleep!
Jajaja la policia solo anda viendo onde sacan lana...me paso en la ciudad de guatemala pinche policia casi me deja sin mi passporte y licencia americana y siendo latino me robarron 200 dollares americanos para que me dieran mis papeles de regreso ahi mismo solo porque dijeron que me pase un alto rapidamente...todos esos pinches son landrones...
Mimi!!!
Me lo decis....
Baby yoda baby sonic and baby toucan BLESSED!!!
What an opening of the new decade Barca players winning Hardware!
Siempre con cuidado!!! 1 semana si todo sale bien!
I dont count january because the older I get january just zips by sooo fast now!
Same on the 7th everything shuts off!
Me and my family!!!! amen for keeping the tradition alive...
18 to 26 get drafted if I recall
Trump ordered the strike smh...here we go
Nope only guys
Here is another tweet i got from some one #BREAKING - Sources in #Iran stating that all chances of negotiations with the United States are now over, and talk has now moved to "revenge" (NYT)
Isn't this discrimination?
Smh
LOL I miss Nathan's fries though!
This
i dont know about that Friend!
Remember the Titans...tonight you are heroes!!!!!
Nope til Tuesday tomorrow is epiphany aka all kings day!!!
AWOOOO
Pickle Rickkkkkk!
And. Here. We. Go....
It's been going up since jan 1 with this even more!
Ukranian Boeing 737 crashes in iran due to technical problems...sources say
https://news.yahoo.com/ukrainian-airplane-180-aboard-crashes-034030181.html
This this a million time this!!!! Even nick jr. Was the shit during this time!
Messi carrying the team on his back as always!!!
And I still have my natural christmas tree up this is the latest we have had it up!
Cant wait for this thing to come out!!! Hopefully it has a partition for mod and no mod stealth mode to go online with legit games!!!
I finally get my chocobo in pokemon!!!
Cant wait for 2021 expansion
"The hot sheets!!! Best investigative reporting on the planet. But go ahead, read the New York Times if you want. They get lucky sometimes.”
Pm me the Link please I want to catch that slowpoke?
Terk durka jerrr...😂😂😂I have seen that episode 3 times today
Oooof.....
Homer Simpson
[Here is the pre-take down of our tree](http://imgur.com/a/fwq7XHK)
This is seriously becoming a joke...wtf is up??
I know right the guy at the nursery gave me that secret! And it works...plus low heat in the house, we keep the home at 65 degrees even!
Wait is Valverde officially sacked???
Your fired....and they should strip their trophy too!!!!
And get fired too...hmmm
Tik tok tik tok hurry up!!! Make it official!!!
Until the 8 ball jacket man comes inside!!
Is this minecraft
Cyberpunk 2077 looking fantastic!!!
Slap in the wrist...strip them off their title!
FINALLLLYYYY!!!!! ITTT HAPPENED!!!!
6-1
Let's get back into the Barca winning ways again!!!
Its 530 pm here so I have long way to go to sleep lol
Get reddit is fun app better layout
Alcohol is a downer too remember that...depression!
2020: texas fired...alex Cora fired...and still we say fuck the red sox...2020 is beginning so good!!! Countdown to spring training 39 days left!!! LETS GO YANKS!!!!
How much can your power grid hold? And do you have shore power hookup if you ever go to rv camp sites??
Never to late 32 here and will build one at the end of summer hopefully!!! I want to travel in the autumn!
Timmeh!!!
To be honest yep...sorry articuno...zapdos is my galar fave now!!! Why Chocobo looking dude!!! Final fantasy and Pokemon rpg will be my favorites bar none....!
I didn't see this comming? /s
Do it!!!!
Good call!!! 👍
Keep it going!!!
Remain a threat!!!!key words
Beltran is gone
I JUST GOT IMPEACHED FOR MAKING A PERFECT PHONE CALL! -Donald J. Trump twitter....lmfao...this guy
God I have to wait til september 21 when yankees play houston in the bronx to trash talk and scream cheaters at them even if I get kicked out of the stadium...fuck!
It better happen!!
Dark Zacian!!!
Yea what's up with the sex toy infomercials...lude as fuck lol I dont care but it's weird
In DR its legal over there as long as it's not marijuana or any drug your ok!
Winter wonderland!! We finally got some accumulating snow here in lower ny!!! Too bad it wasnt in december!!
I can feel the hot pepper gas chamber from here
Maybe hes a cat
Hes back!!!!...
The comeback!!! Starting the decade like this is a plus for him with all the past drama
You chew it like gum and spit it out it's a soft waxy substance with honey
Buy xbox live for 3 years and then buy the xbox game pass for 3 months for 1 dollar and it would convert the game pass from 3 months to 3 years for tha 1 dollar
I ain't giving you no treefiddy you goddam Loch Ness monstah! Get your own goddam money!
3am...oh boy everyone is warm in their bed while im working graveyard shift getting that sweet green.
Hey I remember that name!
Jeter unanimous!!! Please!!!
there is really a subreddit for everything!!!
1 motherf...er
I'll take thirty!
Bernie's my man!!!
You gotta go to the heights the dominicans and puerto Rican clubs where the latinos hang and smoke hookah!
Only a miracle can help barca right now!!
I know right....😥
Uno more please just to secure the ticket!!!
https://cc.sporttube.com/embed/Da3CCCG/no-preload/mobile
https://cc.sporttube.com/embed/Ya3CCCG/no-preload/mobile
🤷‍♂️ "tactical issues"...its Barcas bane for the last what years....!
Damn no input hdmi...love running my xbox one with my cable TV
Wow...the wording
I was judgmental about the game...but i went down the rabbit hole...its therapy for me lol!
Yup...I'm shocked
Go out and Vote on november please!!!
Yet Martha fucking Stewart served time!
Its Corona time!!!
You watched southpark last night right? because those 2 episodes aired late night!
2020 starting out like shit fuck!!!
This is fuckinh sad man!!! RIP kobe!!!
RIP to one of the greatest ball players!
Sad plus kobe was a fan of the "beautiful game" too!
I remember doing that shit...always getting yelled at by the teacher!
Aughe!?
I still remember this game easy money thanks kobe!!!
Even North Korea used riley the birthday dog meme to make usa look bad
No...Reverse every single thing signed from January 20 2017 forward when false 45 took oath to the day he leaves in his face!
Meteor 2020 just finish it!
They are randomized in a loot box type deal early 90s packa the owner said.
I trust this man!
You get charged automatically full price?
So he knows he has no chance...thank you B!
This gotta secure both forts
Hes a fucking chomo...
This!!!!
Skittles
Memable
Repeat after me...KKK is a domestic terrorist organization as well as other white supremacist groups!!!
Fuck TRUMP!!!
I feel like I live in venezuela but with more comforts...and less rights
coup d'etat.....
Traitor...
Is trump hiding in his bunker like a sissy?
What happened what he said ect...
That would split the military forming 2 factions...
In a heart beat
It's the white nationalist acting like antifa to encite violence
Sex is free even if blood is linked!!!
Southpark did a parody of that and at the end they wanted to cancel it aka end earth...episode name : Cancelled
Fuck fox news!!!
Is right wing propaganda!!!
It's going to happen...you just wait
He has a tweet for everything he does
B A N K R U P T!!!!! 💯
That video made me sick to my stomach...the kid has his heart pouring out peacefully and the came stomping to arrest him like he commited some big crime....racist pos...
Gotcha now I understand more!
I'm thinking of the european dream now!
Trump is hiding like a pussy...
It's going to take years to eliminate trumpism...years...trump has fucked the united states so bad the wounds are still going to be fresh 3 to 6 years from now. but I hope a president like this shit caliber never ever enters the house in my and future generations. I hope we learned a lesson!
This place is the bomb!!! Mexican authentic and owned!! I know the owner and the family outstanding people...panchos is a racist piss hole just using a mexican name and food to line their scumbag pockets up!
Douchebags and Scumbags!!!
Man if I could of gotten my ps4 in march 😭...I'll probably play a chapter a day!
/r/southpark
This is why acab is posted everywhere because of shitty actions like this!
If he was arrested for bullshit good for him slick!
Oh I will...I will! I'm still in lockdown til mid july so I'm going to enjoy it fully!!!!
I'm going to say it here ff13 is so underrated!!! The story characters and the ost...such bangers!
M32 I need some Summer frags suggestions...let's start with saying i have Bond no.9 Jones Beach and Aqua di gio 2 fragrances that are in the 2 tiers expensive and regular priced that i consider summertime....i need something that screams beach, sexy, sun, and SUMMER TIME!!!
I'm going to try to hunt all the games that made the ps4 this generation!!! If there is a collectors edition I'll pay premium!!!
I got the xbox one also launch edition day one too!!! I have to play the exclusives these 6 weeks left from my lock down!!!
Finally it's about time!!!
Can this modchip be turned off???
One week...we see the boys play again!!! Finally its back!!!
the blue tsunami is forming stong!!!
Vote....
You know what remake I want ff6
Sick sabers bro!!
Bloodbourne 2 please!!!! I'm begging you!!
I'm still schocked gtav is coming for a 3rd release smh
RIP XbS1...ps5 won the console war again!!!
Shenron she got them dragon balls
W
The console is unique!!! Gotta say that
No skyrim but gtav
The future look hella cool
I just started bloodbourne today I cant wait for Demonsouls my body is ready!!!
Ps5 EXCLUSIVE MY FRIEND!!!!
I hope holiday 2020
Let's fucking hope!!!
Prego version I think it will have more fans to cool disk drive
Work for me lol...
Reminds me of my college days back in 06-11
Rumors and trailers of the game being one of the most grueling and challenging games in the rpg world...that got me craving for a challenge!
I got it on day 1 release
Oh hell noo!!
Dont touch his doggo...or else!!!
Bloodbourne I started yesterday...dark souls 1-3 back in the day when they came out for ps3 sekiro I havent touched it yet
Hes gonna lock himself in the bunker and hold the world ransom for 1 billion dollars...hmm where have I seen that before???
My body is ready for the goat's free kick goal out of the box!!!!
More like prison food!
Oh the coincidence....bunker bitch!!!
You dont hurt me or my way of living you be you!!!! So I dont know what the big fuckin deal is with these racist pricks!!! I got ya backs
Sick little racist prick!!!
Nice to see you again Goat and co...ITS BACK!!! and the goat looks younger than ever!
VAMOSSSSSSS CARAJOOOOO VIDALLLL!!!!
We back in buisness guys!!!
Almost 3 months no stress looking younger than ever
Wow what a Barca I saw today something different!!!
You thought 2016 was bad...chech out 2020...future kids going through online records!
Im ready for swsh dlc!!!
Where the mason jars at?
This is historic federal protection rights for the lgbt workers no more fucking discrimination for them!!! What a slap in the face to trump and Fuck kavanaugh with a rusty metal dildo...
Bruh...
I love his music of course but that's my nickname since middle school circa 2002!
Top 10 aaa titles
It's the supreme law of the land!!! Cant fuck with it!
What happen to love thy neighbor? Y'all evangelicals are false blasphemous people!!!
Just starting this game 4 hours in is komoshida the main villan in this game yes or no? I'm really starting to hate his guts in the game! Meanwhile I'm taking respect to ryuji and love Morganas attitude! Just hope I can collect all personas and confidants in one play through!
Gonna be weird watching this game at an empty camp nou!...
El Guaje!!!
Thanks!!!
What a fucking nut...
I want to see goals tonight!!
I lost so many karps in magikarp jump on my phone by pidgeot
Where can I sell my splits at? I'm buying a bottle of TF Fucking Fabulous 3.4oz and I at least want to sell half my bottle so I can recoop cash to buy other fragrances!
Soon to come Armaf Club de nuit intense man Hermes Un jardin sur de la lagune 2 fragrances this month next month im saving for some Tom Ford and Bond no.9
Baller
I used to wear that a lot back in the day...its GOOD...I'm rebuying it again soon!
....Perfection looks like some of the justices have a heart or they starting to wake up and smell the coffee!
Basically fallout game when it was good
We the people 2:0 Donald Trump
I can still hear the intro song
On the day he leaves the house we burn everything trump related! And I mean EVERYTHING!!!
Its almost 4th of july and I think we won't have baseball this season!
2020 just keeps getting weirder....
Oof...we need the sauce!!!
Field of dreams game still on???
....THANK YOU!!!! -Michael Scott
I wanted a johto let's go game damnit!!!
Casket you say...queue the African pallbearers song!!!
Persona 5R &gt; FF7R dont @ me!!!!! I have more fun here than there
The other Joker: I'm crazy enough to take on Batman, But the I.R.S.? No thank you!!!!!
Regular holes and a huge bone and cartilage...
Dont bring that shit back to ny please!!!
Vote...just vote!!!
Haha.jpeg
Time to get my 2nd citizenship
Vote Democrat and January all the flood gates open
I would cum until I become infertile
It's always celta damnit
/r/lostredditors
Jackass?
A mason jar...would be better
Or hold the vodka and pour some modelo, tajin and you got a nice chelada
Armageddon 5th element...some other movie mashup
Sign sign sign please!!!!
I'm beyond ready...
Is the jersey shore still a thing?
Burn the books
Mr.700!!!
Mr. Paneka Mr.700...The kid is still Brilliant!!!
Champions is the last straw...
Damn...I forgot about that!
I'll see you 2 weeks after ID4!
