This might be a bit controversial around these parts but I'm perfectly fine with a PG13 Deadpool. I know he has a reputation now as an R rated kind of character but for most of his history, he was just a goofy guy who didn't take superheroing to seriously. For an example, [here's two Australian guys talking about an old Deadpool comic] (https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=L_2u2yb7TpA). Basically, Deadpool accidentally goes back in time into an old Spiderman comic and disguises himself as Peter Parker. Shenanigans ensue and despite being PG13, it's a fun story that has all the personality and self referential humor you would expect out of him.
You probably already know Gyllenhaal is Mysterio in the new MCU Spiderman movie. Less common knowledge, Tobey Maguire seriously injured his back in 2002. The studio wasn't sure that he could film Spiderman 2 with the injury so they almost cast Jake Gyllenhaal as a replacement Peter Parker. Tobey Maguire recovered quickly but Gyllenhaal came awfully close to being Spiderman.
Oh man, it gets so much worse than that first minute.
I'm really hopeful for the movie coming up. It's directed by Denis Villeneuve who did an amazing job on Blade Runner 2049.
Even if you agree with the message 100%, it was such an out of place and abrupt change of tone. Celebrities!!! Music!!! Dancing!!! Lets slow down and get fake sincere for a second. Now lets get **Wa***Ck***Y a***Nd* **FuN**!*!***!*****!***
Holy fuck! Look at this comment about what 'black people's interests' are. &gt;Democratic policies that will enhance public housing and food stamps. I think most black people would like to be given a better place to live and a higher food allowance. I know that bigotry of low expectations is a thing but this guy has a lower opinion of black people than most klansmen.
&gt;Akiem Hicks I love you big ~~dawg~~ *actual bear disguised as a human*
I'm not even sure it's a joke any more. I genuinely think someone shaved an actual bear, tought him a couple of pass rush moves, and put him in a uniform. Akiem Hicks is not a human being.
&gt; animal welfare I was having trouble putting in words exactly why his comment made my skin crawl but you just made the light turn on for me. That guy thinks about black people, the same way I think about livestock. Not even pets, that's how I think about livestock.
6 O-linemen, 4 D-linemen and 1 quarterback. That's a lot of beef on the field.
Before, during and after WWII, China experienced a bunch of civil wars. The Republic of China (ROC) was the official government until the communist People's Republic of China (PRC) won the civil war and made the ROC government flee to Taiwan. Now, mainland China is officially the Peoples Republic of China and island of Taiwan is the Republic of China which is a government in exile. They are both Chinese, and they both claim that they are the rightful government of all of China. Basically, imagine if the Confederacy won the Civil War and the Union government fled to Hawaii where they still are today. They would both still be American.
Well, there goes all my hope for a Tom Bombadil extended edition. The dream is officially dead.
IMO, most art from any period is garbage. People just remember the good stuff. Most painters from the Renaissance weren't da Vinci. Most composers from the Classical period weren't Mozart. Most directors from the 80s weren't Spielberg.
The Shining The Godfather Jaws Forrest Gump The Shawshank Redemption The Silence of the lambs Rambo: First Blood
Look at Cohen's punt return stats compared to everyone else. Yes, he does really deserve to go to the Pro Bowl.
Narrative, it makes sense, I still prefer Natasha as a redhead.
The word fruit means different things based on context. Rice, cotton and the spinning helicoptery things that fall out of maple trees are all fruit in the botanical context. In the culinary context, seeds don't matter. If it's sweet it's a fruit, if it isn't, it's a vegetable.
You should definitely have the guy with the latest start as your flex. If Chubb somehow got injured on Sunday morning, you would only be able to replace him with a RB. If he was in your flex, you could potentially use a WR.
Ford Field is also closer to Canada than Metlife is to New York.
I've got the UST ones in my car. They are apple cinnamon flavored.
I doubt it, the Air Force has almost 1,000 F16s alone.
According to [this article] (https://www.popularmechanics.com/military/g1080/we-fly-a-b-2-stealth-bomber/) the cockpit has a toilet and a place to lie down in it.
IMO, yes they absolutely should. Rape and sexual assault is way to high among people crossing the border. Also, children should be separated from adults until we can know they are actually with their parents.
I've mentally been calling the new movie. Fantastic Beasts: The Crimes of Gay Wizard Hitler
This school has an RSO (Registered Student Organization) for everything. There's like a dozen of them that are queer specific. https://oiir.illinois.edu/lgbt-resource-center/affiliated-student-organizations
Well, it did happen in the books so it is plausible if unlikely. The thing is that the Witch King is a super powerful badass so you would assume that it would take another super powerful badass to kill him.
Is it just me or is Comey's suit jacket ridiculously longer than it should be. The top button is at his belly button
Yeah, Brazil is a huge country. Most of the soybean farms are nowhere close to the rainforest.
It's not dead. The majority of soybeans produced in America get sold to American livestock producers. As long as Americans keep eating meat, the American soybean industry will survive.
Almost all the soy eaten by humans gets imported from Asia.
Unless they add some garlic to it and call it aioli.
And even if it did happen, it was the ~~Jews~~ *Kulaks* that starved themselves.
It's hilarious how often their dumb-ass memes subvert their own message. Why is there a wall between the US and Mexico but not between the Netherlands and Belgium. It's because Netherlands and Belgium are basically the same (in terms of economy and quality of life) but the US is a way better place to live than Mexico.
&gt; he’s done zero for the 2A He put Gorsuch and Kavanaugh on the Supreme Court
While driving from Texas to Chicago, I had my GPS shit out on me while I was in Oklahoma. I stopped at a gas station, bought a map for like $5, and successfully finished my trip. It's not that hard.
&gt; Look at them advocating for the right to healthcare, food, shelter, and collective economic prosperity! Every single one of those are things the Nazis advocated for. That doesn't change the fact that the Nazis and Communists both oppressed their minorities.
Bronco Nagurski and Dick Butkus were both arguably actual Bears too.
Going by population, land area or GDP, the US is closer to all of Europe than it is to any individual European country.
&gt; They're just too easy to defeat now. Except now the entire 'resistance' can fit in the cargo hold of a YT-1300 Light Freighter. There's like 20 good guys left in the entire galaxy now.
"The only good ___ is a dead ___" goes back way further than that. I've seen multiple pictures from the Cold War where people had "the only good communist is a dead communist" signs.
I saw it, then like two days later I was thinking to myself "I should see Solo" before realizing that I just watched it and already forgot about it.
Johnny Appleseed was a real person though, who actually did go around planting apple trees. That's not so much folklore as it is actual history.
That Jpeg is illegal in California
They are some of my favorite aircraft. &gt;how maintenance intensive They are actually cheaper to operate per flight hour than the B52 or B2 [source] (https://outrunchange.com/2015/04/13/operating-costs-per-hour-for-usaf-planes/). The B52 airframes are getting older and costlier to maintain while the B2's stealth makes it pricey. So we have somehow ended up with the fastest, hardest hitting, most flexible bomber being the cheapest one. Now that JASSMs are being fielded, the Bone's capabilities are getting ridiculous.
It was the same with me. What I remember from precalc was a whole bunch of concepts like limits and sums that were new to me at the time.
25th Infantry Division. They are actually still active. The currently have two infantry brigades and an aviation brigade in Hawaii, as well as one each of Stryker and airborne brigades in Alaska. Their nickname is Tropic Lightning and that is supposed to be a lightning bolt on a taro leaf. Everybody I knew in the army called it the "electric strawberry".
Because Republicans want Republicans to choose Republican candidates.
&gt; knew how to run an elite defense. Honestly, I don't think Lovie deserves much of the credit for that. The Bears D was great when Rivera was DC, mediocre under Babich and that year Lovie called plays himself, then great again under Marinelli. Rivera and Marinelli both went on to have defensive success in other places. Lovie went on to coach the mediocre Bucs and the terrible Illini.
He's generally fine in seriousish roles but he annoys the fuck out of me when he's trying to be goofy.
What about SOFT-T?
To legally be sold as cheese in the US, it has to have a certain percent of milk solids in it. American cheese usually has too much liquid milk and not enough milk solids to qualify. Every ingredient in "cheese product" can be found in other cheeses. It's just that the ratios are different.
America's median income is like 3rd or 4th highest in the entire world.
"Real" communism is fairy tail nonsense that is less likely to occur than a herd of rainbow shitting unicorns blocking your morning commute. All we have in the real world is attempts at "real" communism which have all failed spectacularly because it's an idiotic, immoral ideology.
This is what /r/politics is getting offended by today? Ok then.
&gt;financial and legal moron The dude is a billionaire and the President. Either he is the luckiest human being ever, or he's a bit more competent than you give him credit for.
Compared to Obama. As far as I could tell, while I was in, the general perception was that DOD priority changed from winning OIF and OEF, to "making the military culture more politically correct." Basically, it felt to me like their was a struggle to get time to do training for simple Soldier skills like first aid or radio communication because so much fucking time was spent doing mandatory equality training, sexual harassment training, and other stuff that doesn't make us more effective war fighters. My base even paid to bring in a speaker, that all the units were forced to make time to see, were he lectured us on how to gain consent from your children before you hug or kiss them.
There are about 11,000,000 millionaires in America. There are 540 billionaires in America. Yes, he has had failures, but his successes far outweigh the failures. Even if the wealth is all based off of scams and crime like you think, it does indeed take a degree of competence to keep a scam working or to stay out of prison.
I think they mostly use guided bombs already. The new Small Diameter Bomb looks like it would be perfect for CAS.
Most of the German influences are so well ingrained that people don't realize they come from Germany.
For Tight Ends, he's 11th in receptions, 13th in yards and 4th in touchdowns. According to overthecap.com, he was the 12th highest paid tight end this year. I don't really see any problem.
.22 Hornet is the only other one I can think of smaller than the .223. I guess you could use 5.7 and hunt them with a P90, but I suspect that would scare the Fudds even more.
That one's rimfire
Dairy cows don't produce milk 365 days of the year either.
I imagine for many people, being skin changed into would be every bit as traumatic as being raped. Your mind is the most intimate personal part of your being and someone just forces their way into it, then completely removes all of your bodily autonomy... that's fucking horrific.
The US Army is still using Chinooks (1961) and there are still Hueys kicking around here and there (1959)
I'm with /u/redditgod8 here. Look at it this way, if the events were independent the odds would be... |Bear Win|Bear Loss|Total :-:|:-:|:-:|:-: Ram Win|37.4|47.6|85 Ram Loss|**6.6**|8.4|15 Total|44|56|100 They aren't independent though, If the Rams are winning big, the Bears are more likely to rest players and lose. If the Rams are losing, the Bears are more likely to fight to get the win. Something like this could easily happen. |Bear Win|Bear Loss|Total :-:|:-:|:-:|:-: Ram Win|32.4|52.6|85 Ram Loss|**11.6**|3.4|15 Total|44|56|100 Each team still has the same odds of winning or losing as before, but the chances of each of the 4 possible outcomes, including the outcome where we get the 2 seed, have changed.
He actually played a lot of backups in the 4th quarter. Vikings still couldn't get anything going against the 2nd string defense.
My monthly paycheck is roughly eight times higher than my rent+utilities. I go into work and leave whenever I want because my boss trusts me to be productive. I love what I do. That being said, I do work with my hands sometimes and build things so I guess I'm a loser.
I doubt that the majority of Marines are accurate enough to notice a difference between free floated and not. You could probably just take the best 10% and give them accurized DMRs, then give everyone else M4s and that would be just as effective at long range as giving everyone an DMR.
I like that guy too.
The John P Murtha is a San Antonio Class ship which holds 2. Wasp Class carries 3 Harpers Ferry Class carries 2 Whidbey Island Class carries 4
It's not obvious in most pictures, but the LCAC has a ramp in the back too. They just drive the cargo across the first LCAC, and load the one in the rear first. [Here's a picture] (https://adamcb.smugmug.com/Travel/GreenBay/i-ScKXmzw/A) of two LCACs parked in a ship with their ramps down. You can drive right between the two fans in the back.
I'd assume it's the same but I don't know for sure.
Julius Caesar had a kid with Cleopatra about 6 years before Marc Antony even met her.
Yeah, anyone over 1900 is way too old for me.
Marc just got Caesar's sloppy seconds. He came, he saw, he conquered well before Antony even met her.
Mariah Dillard got to meet Tony Stark.
&gt;William weld You aren't talking about the Bill Weld I'm thinking of are you? The Libertarian party's VP candidate last election? I have literally only heard two people mention him in real life. Both times it was something along the lines of "I like Gary Johnson but his VP choice kinda sucks." I'd be shocked if he got more votes than Mickey Mouse.
The same Bronn who had to have Tyrion explain how loans works, is now master of coin. Just fucking make him master of war or something. He doesn't know what interest is, but at least he knows how to fight.
Even him killing the queen could be spun in his favor. There are two ways to become king, by birthright, or by conquest.
Geocentric astronomy doesn't accidentally kill a bunch of people. Marxism is more like pre-germ theory medicine.
The Knights Light Assault Machine Gun looks particularly promising. It weighs under 10 lbs unloaded, can use standard 100-200 round belts, and has less felt recoil than a SAW.
&gt;Actually, Black people can't... Dude, black people can do anything white people can do, it's not the 1960s anymore.
What did de Gaulle have to do with any of that? Everytime I see his name pop up in the history books, its always either him complaining that Britain and the US don't respect him, or Roosevelt and Churchill saying they don't trust him.
Interesting, where does it say that?
Really? I know that they had been experimenting with telescoping ammo for the LSAT including 6.5 rounds but I hadn't heard anything about them adopting Creedmore.
Alfre Woodard, the woman who played Mariah Dillard in Luke Cage, also played the woman who confronted Tony Stark about her son getting killed at the beginning of Civil War. I was just making a joke about her characters from Netflix and the movies being the same person.
6.5 Creedmore isn't a telescoping ammunition. I did some poking around, and the only use of Creedmore by the military is SOF guys using it in their AR10 style DMRs.
It's more like 9/10ths cocked.
Cody Parkey was the second or third worst kicker in the NFL last year. Only Chris Boswell, and maybe Dan Bailey were worse than him.
Piers Morgan was the winner of The Apprentice when they did their "celebrity edition". He knew Trump since well before Trump got into politics. He's still left wing about a lot of stuff, but he knows the media attacks against Trump are bullshit.
&gt;where you will probably be in a large disadvantage That was kinda the entire point of his comment. If you are relying on handguns, you will be at a large disadvantage to anyone with a long gun.
&gt; Every time an adaptation cuts characters There are some gigantic, Tom Bombadil sized exceptions to that rule.
And when someone mentioned that enforcing that ban would probably start a civil war, he gleefully mentioned that the government had nukes.
GMO really has nothing to do with whether a food is healthy or not. Bt Corn is one of the most famous examples of a GMO crop. Bt Corn has specific proteins taken from a certain bacteria that when exposed to the alkaline conditions of a caterpillar's digestive system, basically turn into a crystal that cuts holes in it's gut and cause the caterpillar to starve to death. When Bt proteins enter a human's acidic digestive, they get digested just like any other protein. There have been loads of studies about the effects of Bt on different animals and they haven't been able to find a single instance of it effecting a mammal. Only certain insects.
High fructose corn syrup is just sugar that's cheaper. It's bad for you because it's sugar, and because it's in everything nowadays.
They should march more, clearly they need the exercise.
It's generally just a good idea to avoid added sugar in general.
I remember loving that movie as a young, dumb, uncritical superhero fan, even then though, I always wondered "how did this one worthless mutant make his way into the inner circle?"
For an "inferior race" they sure do seem to succeed a lot.
&gt;GMOs are by and large designed for crops to withstand the heavier doses of toxic chemicals thrown on them. That is true for herbicide resistant GMOs. The herbicide hurts the crops less, so they use more of it. That isn't true for anything else though. Pest resistant crops is the other big use of GMOs. I mentioned Bt earlier because it is one of the most significant innovations in agriculture. Pretty much every single study done on Bt has shown huge decreases in the amount of pesticide farmers used. There are even studies that have shown non-GMO crops grown in the same regions as Bt corn or Bt cotton also use way less pesticides. http://sitn.hms.harvard.edu/flash/2015/insecticidal-plants/ https://arstechnica.com/science/2018/03/planting-gmos-kills-so-many-bugs-that-it-helps-non-gmo-crops/
I firmly believe all household bathrooms should be built with the toilet within leaning distance of either the sink or bathtub.
That story literally made it into the opening of The Apprentice. I'm not sure why it was supposed to be some shocking secret.
School IDs are worthless for identifying yourself to anyone but your school. They don't even have basic vital information like your birthday or even your real legal name in some instances. I know multiple foreign students that have a nickname on the ID instead of their real name. On the other hand, concealed carry permits are issued to you by the state, and contain everything bit of info that your driver's license does.
Bet you $5 he calls other people fascist.
That's probably a wise choice considering they haven't done an amphibious assault since the Korean War.
You're number is about 9.999% off
In the first Dunk and Egg book, this same guy from the picture, started breaking off the decorations from other people's helmets and throwing them into the crowd, much to the delight of the audience and annoyance of his competitors. Based on that scene, it made me think that they come off too easily for people to use it against you, and that most knights were too polite to target them. Of course, Lyonel Baratheon is known for being exceptionally boisterous, even for a Baratheon.
Three separate federal court cases have decided that the police don't have to protect you.
Sometimes not even that long. I'm not sure my employer even understands what my degree was in, they definitely have no idea what kind of grades I got.
They get them from plants, some plants like legumes have lots of protein but most are pretty low in it. So how does an herbivore get all the protein it needs? It just eats an insane amount of plant matter. It doesn't matter if the grass they are eating has a tenth the protein of meat as long as they eat ten times as much of it.
Michael Pollan famously condensed his diet advice into 7 words. "Eat food. Not too much. Mostly plants."
90 miles per day for a month straight? That's like doing three Iditarods, back to back, at a really quick pace.
&gt; we have hardly any heavy manufacturing capability left in the US What? Caterpillar is the largest producer of heavy construction equipment in the world. John Deere is the largest producer of heavy agriculture equipment in the world. Boeing is the largest producer of heavy aircraft in the world. In terms of refrigerators, Whirlpool is the 3rd biggest manufacturer after Samsung and LG. They've still got 9 factories in the US.
And ironically, semi auto shotguns and rifles like the Browning Auto 5 and the Remington Model 8 were popular with civilians decades before most armies adopted any semi autos.
Loads of the features on your cell phone were designed for the military. GPS was first envisioned as a way for ballistic missile subs to accurately know their position before they launched their nukes. Digital cameras were invented for spy satellites. Before them, the satellite had to eject the physical canisters of film, and airplanes had to catch them as they were falling. Bluetooth is basically just a short range radio using frequency hopping. Radios had been used by the military for ages. Frequency hopping was invented by Hedy Lamarr (the famous actress was also an inventor) to create a guidance system for torpedoes that Germans wouldn't be able to jam.
When did the parties switch? Before FDR but after the civil rights movement?
Cool, so it was still the Democrats filibustering the Civil Rights Acts and fighting to enforce Jim Crow laws.
&gt;a semi auto gun? yeah, it's not easy. It is actually way easier to make fully auto guns, so take that how you will.
In Fire Red/Leaf Green, Charmander can get metal claw which makes beating Brock super easy.
Frederick Douglass is actually a great choice.
You can find facts to support your racism against any group of people. That doesn't make it not racism.
School shootings went way up after the Gun-Free School Zones Act of 1990. Have you considered the possibility that the law was completely worthless at achieving what it was supposed to do.
People who realize that the vast majority of mass shootings happen in gun free zones.
Do you want my PCR or the VZ61?
And yet mass shooting consistently happen in gun free zones but not other places.
Large bird freak me out because they are so unpredictable. I've got a dog, and when I go to the zoo, all the bears, big cats, and other carnivorous mammals have such similar mannerisms to my dog. I feel like I have a pretty good handle on their body language and I can tell what kind of mood they are in. Cassowaries? Not a chance. I have no idea what they are planning.
Isn't it weird that education funded and controlled by the government sucks so bad but education funded and controlled by private citizens is such high quality?
It would be like using a large can of soup.
Fukushima was caused by a huge natural disaster that killed 16,000 people. Have they even finished cleaning up from the tsunami yet?
Most of the time it isn't a realistic option because 98% of mass shootings happen in gun free zones.
Illinois might not ban "assault weapons" or "large-capacity" magazines but Chicago does. Illinois might not require a special state license for firearm dealers but until a 2014 court case, it was completely illegal to open up a gun store in the city of Chicago.
This is a verbatim quote from the "ask a dipshit for terrible advice" column I stole this from. &gt;And it’s not a normal gun, either — it is a 40-caliber semi-automatic, and she has hollow-point bullets to go with it. &gt;Amy, this is the kind of weapon a criminal would possess
That exact occurrence was the 4th biggest earthquake ever recorded. No one was prepared for it.
&gt; you can put your thumb on the hammer IMO, that's actually a massive safety advantage for hammer fired guns. Pay attention whenever you hear news about a negligent discharge. 9 times out of 10, it is either someone shooting themselves while reholstering, or "I was cleaning the gun and it just went off" translation: "I didn't clear the gun before I pulled the trigger to disassemble it." Putting your thumb on the ~~trigger~~ *hammer* while reholstering drastically reduces the chances of an ND.
This is something called "self propelled artillery". It has a 155mm howitzer, mounted on tracks. It has a little bit of armor, but it's really an tiny amount compared to tanks. It looks like a tank but they get used just like any other artillery piece.
https://www.dailywire.com/news/27440/what-percentage-mass-shootings-happen-gun-free-amanda-prestigiacomo
Also in the Alayne chapter they released for next book, Sansa is currently trying to seduce Harrold Hardyng, the man who just happens to be next in line to rule the Vale if Robin dies.
I currently live within walking distance of two breweries, and if I hop in my car, there are another two that are 10 minutes away.
Well, they think that abortion is literally murdering children. I think they actually show a shocking amount of restraint all things considered.
Yeah, it takes about 10 seconds of critical thought before you realize "hey, the Labor Theory of Value is stupid" and you start converting to marginalism.
Pretty much ever single study done on people who own pets, find that pet owners live longer, are healthier, and are happier. Now the health benefits might just be correlation and not causation, but I know my dog makes me happier. Sure I spend time and money on her, but she makes me much happier than most other things I spend time and money on.
I've been here a bit but I haven't seen this one yet.
&gt;foreign arbitration of a peace This is one of my favorite bits of trivia. You know who arbitrated the peace treaty between Russia and Japan? Teddy motherfucking Roosevelt. He even got a Nobel Peace Prize for it.
I always see those two suggested but what about the rest of the FF. I think Taron Egerton and a ten year younger Ray Winstone would be about perfect.
He's pretty much my dream casting. His brash, cocky Kingsman character is perfect for Johnny Storm assuming he can sound American.
On the one hand, I'd love to see him as Adam Warlock. On the other hand, he'd make an awesome Doom.
If you want something identified, you have to take way WAY better pictures.
It isn't ideal for every caliber (.380 comes to mind) but HST is a fantastic choice for 9mm. I personally run 124 grain standard pressure.
&gt;These days, the American dream is more apt to be realized in South America, in places such as Ecuador, Venezuela and Argentina, where incomes are actually more equal today than they are in the land of Horatio Alger. Who's the banana republic now? -A dumbass
Have you ever been the boss of anyone?
Use a Taurus and load it with Freedom Munitions. That way, you at least have a chance.
How has noone mentioned Copperhead Road yet? That song is pure boogaloo.
Name one other game made in a communist country.
You could just as easily say, if they could have easily filmed it, they would have put it in in the first place. The Disney acquisition of Fox was finalized and official on March 20. Endgame premiered on April 22. That probably wasn't enough time to do a real Fantastic Four or X-men post credit scene. From then to now, I think that's enough time to cast some characters and show us something cool.
Well, we are evil.
Why not? If they put in something huge, people will talk about it. People will end up paying Marvel money, to see an advertisement, then talk about that advertisement to their friends, some of who will also then go pay to see the advertisement.
And even nowadays, concealed carry permits are tightly controlled in Democrat states because we can't have those dangerous minorities carrying guns.
Why does every single communist government turn out authoritarian though?
Yeah, I really fail to see how the sound of pumping a shotgun is any scarier to a burglar than racking a bolt on a rifle. The whole idea sounds like pure fudd lore.
Apparently Dachau and Buchenwald aren't in Germany.
People who have jobs maybe.
As long as it isn't visible in a dress uniform unless they have a waiver.
Then stop voting for anti-gun democrats.
Marcus Garvey died of a stroke. Did you put any thought into your list at all?
It also helps that like all the best myths, it's kinda true. Vitamin A deficiencies are a common cause of night blindness in developing countries. And carrots are absolutely loaded with it. Besides sweet potatoes and animal livers, carrots have more of that nutrient than any other food. So, the myth is kinda half true. Carrots won't give you night vision, but a lack of vitamin A will make you lose your night vision.
Yes.
You know, you are allowed to pay extra in taxes if you want to.
&gt;C4... ...who would even consider carrying like that? I can think of two examples from my own life where I carried condition 4. Mostly it was because I was forced to though. When I was in Iraq, whenever we were on bases, we were required to carry in condition 4. The military is super risk averse so they are going to do ever single thing they can to minimize the risk of an ND in the chow hall, while still allowing everyone to be armed in seconds. Most of us had a magazine pouch that strapped to the rifle's buttstock. In Illinois, even if you don't have a CCL, it is still legal to carry a gun in your glovebox as long as the magazine isn't inserted.
A series 80 1911 has a firing pin block too. It also has a grip safety. If you flip off the manual safety of a 1911, does it still count as condition 1?
All 1911s also have a grip safety that gets passively disengaged when you grab the gun. If carrying a chambered Glock counts as condition 1, so should carrying a 1911 with the safety off. I think with Cooper's conditions, it's pretty clear that only manual safeties count in terms of condition 1.
U.S. Marshals It's a sequel/spinoff of The Fugitive.
The hourglass symbolizes the symbol that Black Widow has had on her belt for decades in the comics. It also coincidentally happens to be the same exact symbol that black widow spiders have on their abdomens.
Fine, the 1911s that Jeff Cooper was intimately familiar with when he created the Conditions had grip safeties. He obviously did not count 1911s with the safety off as still being in condition 1 even though they had grip safeties.
I couldn't tell you. I think cocked and decocked are significant enough differences to warrant each having a different condition named after them. I guess a bunch of people here disagree.
Spring forward autumn back?
I did throughout all of college.
No, but it does it way more frequently than other planes. People hype up the "low and slow" as an essential part of CAS, but somehow the fast movers with better avionics are able to identify friendlies and not kill them.
Let's be honest. The people those losers are most likely to hurt are their parents. The people they are most likely to kill are themselves. They are complete failures socially, economically and morally.
Way more CAS missions get done with F-16s than with A-10s. The second half of your comment is completely wrong.
Easily one of the top five sci-fi books of all time.
&gt; carry a gun you would want to get into a gun fight with. I can't really carry a rifle and squad of rifle armed buddies around with me to work though. I agree with the idea that sometimes you have to make compromises for concealment but anytime you have a handgun instead of a long gun, that's already a compromise.
I have no idea how this game works, but somehow, it's still obvious that this man is incredible at it.
Guns hold their value really well. Some guns, most military surplus for example, appreciate at really good rates. 15 years ago you could get an SKS for $200. I sold one last year for $650.
Generation Kill is also pretty awesome.
&gt;Bombers were needed for bombing. Even if it weren't for your other four points, this fact alone meant that transports would be used.
Every time I've heard d**I**ke, it referred to wire cutters.
How many people in America are starving to death? I think it would be hard to argue that any class is poorer or more destitute than the homeless but those guys are significantly more likely to be obese than any other demographic. This country is so wealthy, thanks in large part to it's free market, that we have the fattest poor people in human history.
&gt; right side of history If you lived 1600 years ago, you'd be the kind of person inviting Visigoths into Rome.
There was also Hemingway, Eichmann, Stranger in a Strange Land, Dylan, Berlin, Bay of Pigs invasion, Lawrence of Arabia, British Beatlemania, Ole Miss, John Glenn, Liston beats Patterson, Pope Paul, Malcolm X, British Politician sex and J.F.K. blown away. What else do I have to say?
No, they aren't. Oshkosh Corporation builds trucks and other heavy equipment. OshKosh B'gosh makes children's clothing. They were both founded and headquartered in Oshkosh, Wisconsin.
The meme is making fun of Warren pretending to be Native American by using a symbol associated with Native Americans. It is making fun of Robert O'Rourke pandering to Hispanics with a symbol associated with Mexico. It isn't making fun of Native Americans, it isn't making fun of Hispanics. It's making fun of three politicians. Also, why are the headdress and sombrero racist in your mind but not the Corinthian helmet? Using a Greek helmet as a one size fits all symbol for Roman slaves should be racist too if you're outrage was at all consistent.
No, I'm not in my 40s. Clinton is the first president who's administration I actually remember. I do know that his defeat of Mondale was one of the most one sided elections in all of American history. Clearly most voters liked him quite a bit in 1984. According to [this] (https://www.thoughtco.com/presidential-approval-ratings-4074188) Reagan had a rating of 63% when he left office despite being "viewed as a bit senile by just about everyone." 63% isn't just good, it's better than JFK good.
The federal government spends over a trillion dollars on Medicaid/Medicare each year already. How much cheaper will it be to expand that to cover all 300+ million Americans?
Look at how big his smile was. They've already done multiple meetings and summits together but Kim is still super excited to see the President.
&gt; Like they can't even take off from a standing start? I had bats in my house last summer and I promise you that's not true.
&gt;Now show me some left wing violence. Holodomor.
Science also has hard rules on when life begins, at least when it comes to multi-cell organisms. Once a sperm enters an egg to create a zygote, that zygote is a new living organism. In everything from humans to turnips, that's when life begins according to science. The religious view on when life begins is way more forgiving than the scientific view.
Ehh... those bombers were next to useless in actual combat but they could have loaded each one up with troops, sent them off in hyperspace in opposite directions and saved ten times as many resistance soldiers as they ended up with at the end.
The guy right above you provided 10 examples of left wing violence but you discounted it because they weren't left wing enough for you. I provided an example of one of the deadliest atrocities ever committed, and you discounted it because it wasn't recent enough for you. Where are you going to move the goalposts next?
In 2017, the Vikings got 1957 rushing yards with Latavius Murray, Jerick McKinnon and Dalvin Cook in the backfield.
&gt; Irrelevant flyovers You mean, fellow Americans right?
You've been carrying for a year already right? In all that time, has the trigger ever been pulled accidentally? When I first started carrying, I had a similar fear so I carried with the chamber empty and the hammer pulled back. At the end of the day, every time I removed my holster/gun, the hammer was still pulled back. After about a week I just thought to myself, if it hasn't "gone off" with an empty chamber, it still isn't going to go off once it's loaded.
How are his legs that well defined even when covered up with fur?
No it's not. Basically every country south of the US/Mexico border has way higher rates.
Absolutely. I fucking love this country.
Of course, that army of fire ants would probably be typecast and only given a chance to work on things like A Bug's Life 2: Upping the ***Ant***e
That's true and it was wrong to do that.
That sub is super racist.
Speed is still a useful quality to have for CAS. Besides the obvious fact that you can arrive at your mission more quickly, the faster the plane is, the less time it spends in danger. When the A-10 comes down to do a gun run, it gets within range of the MANPADS and SPAAGs on the ground. Because it has a pretty slow rate of climb, it stays within range of them for significantly longer than faster jets would.
Fundamentally, all the infantry weapons that Soldiers use nowadays pretty much existed 100 years ago so we are at a pretty big plateau right now. By far the two most common military rifles in the world today are variants of the AK-47 and the AR-15 which were designed in 1947 and 1956 respectively. There needs to be some sort of new ammunition or something so real innovation can start again.
I'd be down for that.
Despite the huge amount of three and outs plus bad field position the offense gave them, the Bears defense finished the year allowing the 4th least points and the 8th least yards.
I'll take that cool story and raise you the one about the F-15 that lost an entire wing but still made it back to base. [https://theaviationist.com/2014/09/15/f-15-lands-with-one-wing/](https://theaviationist.com/2014/09/15/f-15-lands-with-one-wing/) Yes the A-10 is very tough and redundant but so are most aircraft in our inventory. Despite being "built from the landing gear up" for it, the A-10 is still much more vulnerable to MANPADS and SPAAGs than the other jets because it is much more likely to get hit by them.
Just about all the science guys of the day supported it back then though. You really can't judge historical figures by our modern ethics most of the time because we have the benefit of an extra century+ of hindsight.
They've been dumb about procurement in general lately.
The federal government spends about twice as much money on Medicaid/Medicare as it does on the military. People love to bitch about the budget without knowing what's in it.
Qasem Soleimani was one of the top generals and most important guys in Iran. He was personally in charge of \*Quds\* which is kind of like Iran's special forces. A lot of what they do though is train and support terrorists and anti-US insurgents in other countries. On 31 December, Kata'ib Hezbollah (a pro-Iranian militia in Iraq) attacked the US embassy in Bagdad. That same day, the US blamed Iran for the attack and Iran denied it. About 24 hours ago, an American airstrike destroyed a car containing Soleimani and the leader of Kata'ib Hezbollah, and conducted raids where they arrested several other leaders responsible for the embassy attack.
The guy also spent almost all of the Iraq war giving armor piercing IEDs to insurgents.
A libertarian candidate with a anti-gun running mate is a pretty tough pill to swallow for many people.
The original strike got two terrorists by itself. Abu Mahdi al-Muhandis (the guy who was directly in charge of the militia that attacked the embassy) was riding in the same car as Soleimani when it got hit. His death got overshadowed because Soleimani is more important internationally but the dude was still a big league terrorist.
An Iranian friendly militia in Iraq attacked the US embassy in Baghdad. The US blamed Iran. Iran denied having anything to do with it. The US blew up a car. The car contained two very important people. The person in charge of the militia that attacked the embassy, and more importantly, the top general of Iran. Iran promised that the US would regret it. The US promised that if Iran did anything, they would regret it even more.
Being a bad president doesn't mean he was wrong about Iran.
That's why so many people in Miami are creating makeshift rafts so that they can escape to Cuba.
The American embassy in Baghdad was attacked. The US killed the Iranian general who was behind it. Iran said the US is going to regret it. The US said if Iran retaliates, then Iran will regret it more. So depending on what Iran does, war is a definite possibility. Also, idiots on the internet seem to think that this war would be a World War instead of just Gulf War part 3
I can't tell you what it is but I promise you won't regret clicking it.
For modern stuff, the F-22 is just gorgeous. It's everything that teenage me would expect a science fiction spacefighter to look like. For older stuff, the F4U Corsair is the king. I love that gull wing it has.
The smartest guys I knew in the Army, were all helicopter pilots. Just take it from me though, the Warrant Officers were all much happier than the Commissioned Officers.
I imagine it would be a touchdown for sure. I've seen it happen on missed kicks more than once.
If you don't practice their specific brand of Shia Islam that's enough for them to hate you.
Doubtful. The Army and Marines have been using pretty different aircraft for decades. The Army uses the AH-64, UH-60 and CH-47 for attack, medium lift and heavy lift respectively. The Marines used to use the AH-1, CH-46 and CH-53 for attack, medium lift and heavy lift respectively. But the CH-46 has been replaced with the MV-22
I really don't understand why so many people think Bridgewater is some huge improvement on Trubisky. Let's look at their first three years. QB|games|cmp%|yds|TD|int|Y/A|Rate|rush yds|rush TD :-:|:-:|:-:|:-:|:-:|:-:|:-:|:-:|:-:|:-: Bridgewater|30|64.7|6150|28|22|7.2|86.3|398|4 Trubisky|41|63.4|8554|48|29|6.7|85.8|862|7 They were basically the same as a passer, but Trubisky is healthier and a better runner.
&gt; Egypt is a very close friend of Israel Huh?
That's a big dick move if I've ever seen one
Copperhead Road is a better Boogatune than Won't Back Down. Don't @ me.
It's way cheaper to charter a flight when you are going from friendly country to friendly country. They will probably land in Kuwait stay there for a little bit, then maybe switch to a C17 or something and fly to Iraq.
That's just the normal uniform they wear 90% of the time. It's plenty comfortable.
Bolivar Trask was played by Bill Duke in X-Men 3 and by Peter Dinklage in Days of Future Past. I don't think they could have possibly gotten two actors that looked less similar to play the two roles.
You guys know that Soleimani was literally in the same car as the guy whose militia carried out the embassy attack right?
What's a position in America that has swung to the right in the last couple decades?
Shurmur did pretty poorly as a head coach but his offensive coordinator resume is much better. The 2017 Vikings got 1957 rushing yards with Jerick McKinnon and Latavius Murray getting most of the snaps. More importantly (to me at least) he made Case Keenum look like a much better QB than he actually is.
Plus the US has bombed Russians twice in the last couple years without Russia doing anything about it. I somehow think they care less about an Iranian getting bombed than they do about Russians getting bombed.
/r/uselessnobody
Jeffrey Wright seems a thousand times better for that role than Ali.
The main benefit is that most of our targets recently have had no AA capabilities at all so any bomb truck works against them. Despite all the the A-10's deficiencies against modern air defenses, it is still a good bomb truck.
InRange dropped adds preemptively, but Forgotten Weapons didn't.
Is that a fixed gun on the side of the cockpit? That seems a lot less useful than the flexible guns on other attack helicopters.
I audibly laughed after I read that one. [You can't say that's not a good metaphor] (https://heavyeditorial.files.wordpress.com/2018/09/pjimage-161.jpg?quality=65&amp;strip=all)
I hate the Packers almost as much as they love spending money on "stock" that makes them an "owner"
Do 30-30 bolt actions even exist?
Soleimani was killed because he ordered an attack against an American embassy. Seriously is the news just refusing to report this, or is everyone on Reddit intentionally ignorant?
I mean, if you consider quitting as 'firing your boss' then people firing their boss happens way more often then the other way around.
Iran and the US were engaged in a small scale naval conflict at the time. Iran and Iraq were at war, and the US Navy was in the region to provide armed escorts to Kuwaiti shipping. Several Kuwaiti and American ships were hit with naval mines so the US Navy was destroying the ships Iran was using to lay the mines as well as the bases the minelayers were refueling at. During this time, there were at least 5 unsuccessful Iranian attacks against US Naval ships and several successful attacks against US and Kuwaiti tankers so the Navy was at pretty high alert. There was also an incident where an Iraqi plane successfully attacked an American destroyer, though Iraq later said that the pilot mistook the American ship for an Iranian tanker. Now that you have the background, here is the incident. One of the ships that got hit by a mine was being towed out of the Gulf with a cruiser escort. Also, earlier that day, one of the cruiser's helicopters was shot at by an Iranian boat. Then the cruiser detected Iran Air Flight 655 flying towards the cruiser, and it shot down the jet. Here's where the US and Iran accounts differ. The US says that their radar accidentally identified the plane as an Iranian F-14 and after multiple attempts to contact the plane, they shot it down. Iran says that the US knew it was a civilian plane and that they shot it down intentionally.
It's impossible to go through the Strait of Hormuz without going through either Iranian waters or Omani waters. By international law, Iran is supposed to give unimpeded passage through the Strait.
We passed that bridge December 31st. Attacking embassies is an act of war.
Also when the missile hit him, Soleimani just happened to be riding in the same car as the leader of the militia that attacked the embassy.
[https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Transit\_passage](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Transit_passage)
The fetus was coming right at me. He reached for his waistband.
[https://apnews.com/7c75c5067d0acb8857e52d98e17dbe97](https://apnews.com/7c75c5067d0acb8857e52d98e17dbe97)
&gt;So Americans involved in training foreign forces are valid targets Why wouldn't they be? Was there ever a time where they weren't treated as targets by the guys they training people to fight against?
A. You are going back to far. You are supposed to mention the December 29 airstrikes next. B. You are supposed to use this template "We passed that bridge \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_. \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_ is an act of war." I give your comment a 4/10
Fun fact, the remaining 1.3 billion was paid out in 13 increments of $99,999,999 If they paid out $100,000,000 then they would have had to notify congress.
Some people mentioned the General Belgrano during the Falklands war but there were some instances during Operation Praying Mantis (1988) that probably count. &amp;#x200B; It had already been hit by aircraft a couple times but the Iranian frigate Sahand took a harpoon hit from an American destroyer right before it caught on fire, then sunk.
Why would we have shot down one of their airliners on purpose?
That's a weird way to say Terminator 2.
At any one point in time, the two strongest proponents of the A-10 are the two senators from Arizona.
The vast majority of CAS nowadays is done with guided bombs.
Food stamps are by far the largest expense of each Farm Bill and it's not even close. Typically over 75% of all the money in the bill goes to SNAP.
Do you have a source for the debunking?
So why isn't he being impeached for it? Why is he being impeached for something completely different?
&gt;burning Shireen wont actually accomplish anything You know the [Night Lamp Theory] (https://cantuse.wordpress.com/2014/05/23/the-night-lamp-an-alternative-strategy-for-the-siege-of-winterfell/)? My prediction is that this is more or less Stannis' plan, but Mel sees his men freezing in the flames, decides to be "helpful" and burns Shireen. The ice melts, and suddenly Stannis' plan goes to shit.
Ok, if there are so many valid reasons, why didn't the Democrats actually include them in the articles of impeachment and why don't they actually send them to the Senate?
Stannis is at the Crofters' village, Shireen is all the way at Castle Black (with Melisandre). Stannis can't burn Shireen unless he's in the same place as her and he can't get to the same place as her unless he defeats the Boltons. Why do you think Mel would get rewarded for burning Shireen? In the show, the only thing she does afterwards that has any influence on the plot is raising Jon from the dead.
Obligatory comment about how Napoleon and Hitler both invaded in June.
Yes, he was very helpful
The news has been telling us the sky is falling since well before I was born. It's been nonstop "disaster" after another.
It's worth noting that the Holocaust would never, never happened if the Vienna Academy of Fine Arts didn't reject Hitler's application to art school.
10 people died in the airstrike that targeted him. Soleimani and 4 other guys were members of the Iranian military, 5 guys were members of the Kataib Hezbollah. That's a terrorist organization that is directly responsible for dozens of attacks against American bases including the attack against the Baghdad Embassy 2 weeks ago. If Soleimani is in Iraq for peace talks, why is he hanging out with the people that just carried out attacks against the US?
Ultimately, Gavrilo Princip is responsible for anime if you think about it.
&gt; They attack American forces because they're an Iranian militia and the US is with zero doubt in anybody's minds an enemy of Iran. So if the US is an enemy of Iran, and this Iranian militia has attacked the US, why is everyone acting shocked when the US kills the Iranian general organizing this shit?
Yub yub Commander.
Imo, Addam and Alyn are superior Velaryons. They are both significantly bigger badasses.
Imo, Corlys Velaryon the Sea Snake would have made a great king. He reminds me a lot of Jaehaerys I.
All you can really do to evaluate position coaches is to see how good the players at their positions played. When you see how well the Tight Ends have played at every team he's coached, it's hard not to get excited about this hire.
Nice. I just put in my order.
Iran shooting missiles at Iraq is what lead directly to the elevated threat level.
&gt;built a full scale mock up replica of the compound back in the States They didn't make the replica completely true to life and it ended up being a costly mistake. The outer wall of the replica that they made had chain link fences while the actual compound had a concrete wall. The stealth helicopters were able to land and take off with no issues in the replica, but once they were in the actual compound, they experienced a loss of lift because the walls were directing air back up into the blades. A conventional Blackhawk might have been able to still take off, but the stealth version was too underpowered.
Yeah, 10% seems like a really low increase. The Army did a study during the earlier years of the war in Afghanistan. They found that your average rifleman carried a load weighing 95.7lbs while on patrols, and when they were under fire, they dropped their rucksack and fought with a load weighing 63lbs. Based on the average weight of the soldiers, that was 54.72% and 35.9% of their body weight respectively. That was just an average rifleman. Machine gunners, grenadiers and mortarmen carried significantly more weight. A 10% increase sounds super doable.
It seemed bad, especially compared to last year, but the Bears were top ten in least first downs allowed per game and lowest percent of 3rd down conversions allowed.
The song is literally about blowing up alphabet boys.
Thomas Ferebee was the bombardier on the Enola Gay. He's the guy who has the highest k/d ratio in history. Kermit Beahan was the Bockscar's bombardier and he has the second highest.
The B-29 has a separate bombardier who did the actual release. Thomas Ferebee was the guy on the Enola Gay, and Kermit Beahan was the guy on the Bockscar.
The official story is that the helicopter landed but couldn't take off again because it got into a [vortex ring state] (https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Vortex_ring_state), so the soldiers destroyed the helicopter with explosives and one of the reserve helicopters was called in to help extract the team.
What do they have to gain by intentionally shooting it down? This is a colossal PR disaster for Iran, especially considering the fact that high level members of the Iranian government were on twitter criticizing the US for shooting down Iran Air 655 just days before they did the same thing. It has made them look like incompetent hypocrites on the world stage.
I don't know that much about the other two, but Andrew Johnson was an uniquely despised President in his time, mostly for good reason. In 1964, Abraham Lincoln (a Northern Republican) chose Johnson (a Southern Democrat) as his running mate and they ran as the National Union Party. Because he was a Democrat, he was massively unpopular with Republicans. Because of his association with Lincoln, he was unpopular with Democrats. After Lincoln was assassinated, Johnson became President and he was mostly ineffective because Congress hated him so much. Despite serving less than one term, Johnson holds the record for most vetoes overturned. In 1866 he vetoed the Civil Rights Act (later overturned by Congress) and basically lost all of his tenuous support with moderates overnight. Like many Presidents, he went on a campaign tour to try to drum up support for his preferred candidates in the upcoming midterm elections. It was a complete disaster for him (and his candidates), filled with events where he argued with hecklers, news articles claiming he was drunk at several of the appearances and one incident where left town on the next available train after a temporary platform built for his speech collapsed killing 13 people. In 1867, Congress passed the Tenure of Office Act, Johnson vetoed it, then Congress overrode the veto. The language of the Act was intentionally unclear but it basically made it so Johnson couldn't fire any members of the cabinet (still mostly just guys appointed by Lincoln) without congressional approval. Edwin Stanton, the Secretary of War was one of Johnson's biggest opponents and he opposed Johnson at basically everything. Johnson fired Stanton, then Congress used the Tenure of Office Act to reappoint him. Johnson later fired Stanton again and then Congress claimed he violated the Act and impeached him. The House voted 126 to 47 in favor of impeachment, but the Senate only voted 35-19. If they had one more vote that would have been enough to remove him from office. Interestingly, out of the Republican Senators that broke ranks and voted not to remove Johnson, not a single one of them ever won an election ever again and there was an inconclusive investigation into rumors that they received bribes for their votes. At the 1868 Democratic National Convention, he ran for their nomination and got crushed. He then returned to his home state of Tennessee and lost several elections for various positions there. He finally won election to the Senate in 1875 then died soon after taking office.
Almost all the soy grown in America gets fed to livestock. When vegans are eating that garbage, it's almost always shipped in from China and other parts of Asia.
&gt;Impeachable offenses do not require a "crime", as stated by all Constitutional Professors. It requires "Treason, Bribery, or other high Crimes and Misdemeanors." as stated by the Constitution.
He has an uncanny way of making his enemies sabotage themselves. It's like a superpower.
I really don't understand why that isn't still a thing.
I assume some type of student loans existed for ages, but I think this is more referring to federally subsidized student loans which seem to have started becoming a thing after the Higher Education Act of 1965.
I did, I also saw the part during Gaetz' questioning where all four of them revealed that they were either biased for Democrats or against Trump.
.22 is way cheaper, it's quieter and has less recoil making it great for casual range shooting. Even casual range shooters like their ammo to be reliable.
Why was this idea implemented for the StG44 and not the MP40? It seems like it would be easier to get 9mm to work in a curved barrel than 8mm Kurz.
Chris Williams too.
If they just adapted the Thrawn trilogy, the sequels would have gotten universal acclaim. Change my mind.
It took me a surprisingly long time to realize that whoever wrote this list has drastically different tastes than I do.
I really really want someone to do a History Cinematic Universe. Basically, pick any period of time where a lot of famous, interesting people interacted with each other and start exploring all their stories. Like you could do a dozen movies about the fall of the Roman Republic/rise of the Roman Empire. You could do a Julius Caesar trilogy, then an Augustus trilogy with Pompey Magnus prequels and Marc Antony sidequels. It would be lit.
I will be absolutely shocked if that happens. I think it will pretty handily break 1 billion, but honestly, I don't see it even getting up to 2 billion.
The Disney movies released right before and right after it were The Little Mermaid and Beauty and the Beast. Rescuers Down Under was commercial flop, but it looked even worse compared to the absurd success the other Disney movies were getting back then.
If Necromancer is in your kingdom, it becomes pretty useful during the early game.
I'm 80% sure that Lt Surge is the only white guy in Pokemon. I can't really speak to any other anime, but I'm pretty confident that the characters are usually Japanese.
The Israeli military infamously eats loads of canned tuna (most other canned meats are pork based and not Kosher). They commonly do a trick where they put a paper towel on top of the oil, then set it on fire. The towel acts as a wick and the oil burns. Apparently, it's a pretty quick and easy way to heat up the tuna if you are getting sick of it being room temperature.
The Mk 41 comes in three different lengths. I could imagine on a ship that small, they would probably just use the smallest one which is used exclusively with the ESSM. Put them in quad cells and you have 32 ESSM, that's pretty solid air defense for a ship that small.
I like how you picked a couple of recent posts with only a moderate amount up votes to categorize the sub while ignoring insanity like [this] (https://www.reddit.com/r/ENLIGHTENEDCENTRISM/comments/ep1c0f/sortameta_post/) that has over 5000 up votes more than all the other ones combined.
&gt; Hard work is a con used by the billionaires to oppress the people. Employment is serfdom. This is exactly the sort of thing a strawman leftist created by my boomer dad would say.
According to [this] (https://www.ibiblio.org/hyperwar/USN/rep/Kamikaze/AAA-Summary-1045/) throughout the Pacific Campaign of WWII, .50 cal anti-aircraft guns fired an average of 11,143 rounds for each Japanese plane shot down.
Which Bible verse was that? I did a search and found some similar but not the same verses where the context is different.
Jesus fuck this place is a cesspool.
Is he? I haven't seen a huge amount of his games but during Bridgewater's first three years with the Vikings he put up stats that could generously be described as Trubisky-like. Now he goes to a team with a good system, puts up ok but not great numbers and all of a sudden he's one of the best guys on the market?
You mean Zelda on **S**NES right? The original NES version looks terrible by today's standards while A Link to the Past still looks great.
Predraft, I remember lots of people thinking Watson, but I remember almost nobody thinking Mahomes was better. In fact, I specifically remember lots of people thinking the Chiefs were idiots because they grabbed Mahomes when Kizer was still available.
I was not aware of that. We are back to Tiger being the only golfer I would recognize.
From the safety of the United States, I feel confident in saying ROC is best China, PRC is worst China, and Hong Kong should be an independent state.
Your schedule only changes two games based on your record. We got 3rd place in our division last year. Lets say that we got 3rd last year instead of 1st. We would have faced the Panthers and 9ers instead of the Saints and Rams. We might have ended the season with one more win, but we would have still been 3rd place.
Cost: Mounted soldiers are orders of magnitude more expensive to equip, train and maintain than foot soldiers. Logistics: In the wild, horses spend almost the entire day foraging. If you have them working instead of foraging, you need to feed them. According to [this Civil War memoir] (http://www.scriptoriumnovum.com/c/p/horse.html), horses are supposed to get 10 lbs of grain **each day**. Strategic Mobility: Cavalry has outstanding tactical mobility but getting them to the fight can sometimes be a challenge. If you need to cross mountains or oceans, dragging the horses along is much more difficult. Versatility: Cavalry is great at scouting and attacks, but they can't just sit at one place and defend a location. They also can't assault castles, and aren't too much use in sieges. Density: You can pack loads of pikemen or musketeers into a small portion of the battlefield and they work really well supporting each other. Cavalry have to spread out more and they have difficulty attacking dense formations but excel when the enemy infantry gets more spread out.
[Here are the videos] (https://www.instagram.com/p/B7leIVGpupc/) that provide the context.
This is the same country that taxed American colonies without giving them representation, exported food from Ireland while the Irish were starving, and gave Czechoslovakia to Hitler. You think Brexit is the worst decision they've made?
They went in against a Sicilian when death was on the line?
It's not a score, it's a percentile. He did better than 70% of everyone else.
A lot of people have mentioned that it looks reminiscent of the Starfleet logo from Star Trek, but if you look at the emblem the Air Force Space Command has been using for decades, it's a way more obvious match. &amp;#x200B; [https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Air\_Force\_Space\_Command#/media/File:Air\_Force\_Space\_Command.png](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Air_Force_Space_Command#/media/File:Air_Force_Space_Command.png)
Compared to the rest of reddit, it is much more right leaning. Compared to the US as a whole, it is still left of center but with a strong libertarian streak.
I've seen a couple prolife rallies and they are always about 95% women.
The picture of him with a Tommy Gun needs to be on here somewhere.
As soon as she gets home, you need to spray her down with disinfectant and burn all her clothes. It's the only way to be sure.
Even if you don't have a clinic near you, every single drug store, gas station, convenience store, and grocery sells them for very affordable prices.
Satellites. Spy satellites, communication satellites, weather satellites and most importantly, GPS.
&gt;Starfleet is rather peaceful... ...Not military. Every single one of their ships are packed to the gills with phasers and photon torpedoes &gt;And this real life spaceforce is almost entirely based on space warfare. Their single biggest job right now is maintaining the fleet of GPS satellites.
Space Force officially became a thing in December of last year.
Launch, control, and maintain all the loads of satellites the military uses.
For the same reason that the Marine Corps seal has Department of the Navy on it.
When the Air Force was created in 1947, they weren't doing anything with airplanes that wasn't being done before. They were just growing larger, and becoming more specialized to the point that it didn't make sense to keep them in the Army.
&gt;Nor do I want to be seen by anyone carrying a riffle case to or from my car. The AR has an advantage over most rifles here because you can easily break it down into two parts and fit them in a non-rifle shaped container.
In general, the amount of people singing above pitch is about the same as the amount of people singing below pitch so it averages out.
It's really not true at all though. Colonel Burton was fired from the Bradley project for incompetence so when he wrote the book, he made himself the beleaguered hero fighting against the corrupt military industrial complex, when in reality his dumb ideas would have made the program go more over budget and be more delayed than it already was. Then when they went to make the movie, the studio made the smart decision to basically ignore anything that couldn't make a good joke. If you look at the famous [Bradley Fighting Vehicle Evolution] (https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aXQ2lO3ieBA&amp;t=93s) scene, almost every single thing in it is wrong. Viola Davis' comment at 1:20 is the biggest lie. At no point in the Bradley's development was it just supposed to "drive guys to the battlefield then go back home" from day one, it was supposed to "drive guys to the battlefield **then fight along side them**". In theory, the M113s that the Army already had were supposed to operate like battlefield taxis, but commanders in Vietnam never used them that way. They always left them in the battle fighting alongside infantry. Bradley development was started because the M113 wasn't heavily armed or armored enough for the role that commanders kept using them in. Turret: They didn't add a turret to turn it into a scout, the turret and cannon were always in the original design because it had to fight along side troops. In fact, the first vehicle they did testing on was an M113 with a turret that failed because it was too slow. Portholes: That dumb idea was actually part of the initial design. The thought was that on a radioactive/chemically contaminated battlefield, the guys could still fight while buttoned up. This feature has since been removed. The cannon will draw fire: You know what else enemy armies like to shoot at? Troop carriers. When the Viet Cong came across M113s, they already unloaded on them with all they had. That's why thicker armor was part of the Bradley's specifications. Amphibious: Kinda, during WWII, the Brits designed a [system to make tanks float] (https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/DD_tank), they tried a similar thing on the Bradley for a while before it got some armor upgrades. Aluminum: Yes, it had aluminum armor. So did the two vehicles the Bradley replaced, the M113 APC and the Sheridan light tank. Aluminum armor is fine. Anti-tank missiles: This is the only thing from the clip that was actually added to the design later and not part of the original concept. The Yom Kippur War happened during the Bradley's development, and Egyptian troops armed with anti-tank missiles were very effective against Israeli tanks. Troop transport that can't carry troops: It can carry 7 dismounts which is pretty typical for IFVs. A reconnaissance vehicle that's too conspicuous to do reconnaissance: The vehicle it replaced in the scouting role was the significantly more conspicuous Sheridan light tank. At this point, the Army had already had several failed attempts to replace that tank with an actual scout and basically just said fuck it, the Bradley is good enough. Less armor than a snowblower: It actually had significantly more armor than the M113 it replaced. But enough ammo to take out half of DC: That was a big part of the entire point of the vehicle. To stick around once the battle started, and support the infantry with their firepower.
There is something called r/K selection theory, where "r" and "K" are two variables in an larger equation that models population growth. r selection is when organisms have loads of offspring, but a small percent of the offspring survive to reproduce. K selection is when organisms have small amounts of offspring, but a high percent of the offspring survive to reproduce. Humans are super deep into the K side of that spectrum compared to most animals. Our reproduction strategy isn't to make the most offspring, it's to guarantee the survival of the relatively few offspring we have. If the man who sired the children sticks around to protect them, their chances of survival go way up. If the female is a ravenous sex hound who fucks anything, the males don't have evolutionary incentive to protect her children. Monogamy is a very practical reproductive strategy for humans.
[Machines making machines? How perverse.] (https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Xr9s6-tuppI)
&gt; The media is doing it's usual frenzy thing Who else remembers SARS, bird flu, swine flu, Zika, Ebola, West Nile virus and a dozen other things?
Eyes protruding. Very disrespectful.
&gt; I'm just more starting from the premise that a constant hull is safer than one with weak points. That premise isn't necessarily true because having more doors means the crew can escape more quickly in an emergency. A lot of combat deaths during OIF/OEF were caused because of rollovers, and crews getting trapped in vehicles. Especially when they rolled over into water, it was difficult for men to get out of the trucks and a surprising amount of Soldiers drowned.
The historical period that people (inaccurately) refer to the "dark ages" is the period between the fall of the Western Roman Empire, and the rise of the Carolingian Empire. The term was literally coined by Petrarch to describe a "godless" time in European history when the continent wasn't controlled by a Christian Empire.
This might actually be really useful in future wars for short range drone defense.
And now, less than a decade later, it all completely went to shit.
I don't think a single person here is more afraid of you than they are of geese.
I keep thinking anti drone. At some point in the near future, it will need to be a thing, this guns absurd ROF would work nicely in that role.
Or... and hear me out here, .22 Ratshot and you turn the gun into a WMD
&gt; It's the left who have attacked folks for wearing MAGA hear. Forced folks to leave restaurants. Attacked folks with bicycle locks for having a difference of views. Let's not forget the Berniebro who shot at Senators practicing baseball.
I always have trouble telling under the makeup, but I'm pretty sure that's Natalie Portman, not Keira Knightley in that particular scene.
Search "2017 Congressional baseball shooting" and you should find the Wikipedia page talking about it.
&gt; See, we only have three airbases in Japan. Only three? Of the top of my head, I can think of Misawa, Yokota, Atsugi and Kadena.
I'm really surprised by the fact that the Hobbit looks so long compared to the LotR trilogy. I could have sworn that each of the books in the trilogy was significantly longer than the Hobbit. I expected it's line to be a fifth the size of the line for the trilogy. Edit: I just looked it up. According to [this source] (https://blog.fostergrant.co.uk/2017/08/03/word-counts-popular-books-world/), the Hobbit has 95,356 words and the trilogy has 481,103 words. The Hobbits line should be about a 5th the size of the LotR line.
Not once all the counties in Virginia secede
That honestly seems a bit more common these days
They only kill the males in egg laying operations. In meat producing operations, the sex of the bird is irrelevant. They keep both genders in the same flock and send the whole group to the butcher right as they start reaching sexual maturity.
I still don't understand the thinking behind this. If they sold it as an advanced Strike Eagle purchase, it would be a bit more sensible cause those things are still great bomb trucks. But every article talks about them as strictly F-15C replacements. Aren't F-35s supposed to be able to trounce F-15s in air-air?
I'd actually use one of these for my passenger seat. My dog's fat ass keeps on triggering the seat sensor.
IMO, the funniest way to deal with these guys is to pretend that you strongly support gun control, but only for racist reasons and waste as much of their time as possible. If you do your job right, they'll have an aneurysm trying to decide if they are supposed to be agreeing with you or not.
Race baits?
The US during the Civil War is a good example of this. The economies of the free northern states were absurdly stronger than those of the slave owning southern states.
It's fucking stupid. Several years ago, most phones used USB-micro. Now they mostly use USB-C. Why did they change? Because USB-C is better. If every company is forced to use the same cables, then none of them will be able to innovate.
&gt;Electrical plugs are standardized in the US Kinda. The US uses NEMA standard plugs but there are about 4 dozen different kinds of NEMA plugs that get used for different things. The ones you see the most often are NEMA 1, NEMA 5-15 and NEMA 5-20 but there are still loads more used.
I am. It's pretty hard to misunderstand "they should be condemned totally" as anything other than condemning the white nationalists but for lots of people, their narrative is more important than the truth.
Like the people who are looting give a fuck about any of that. They just want free shit.
&gt;The problem is that Graham is awful. Last year, he still managed to outproduce every single Bears tight end combined.
Dress nicely. People absolutely do make prejudgements about each other based on what they are wearing.
Looking at the trailer, it seemed like every joke was just "Space Force! What a ridiculous concept! HAHAHAHAH" That's not a lot to go on.
Assuming a completely unlimited budget, would you guys rather have an M2 for home defense, or a Vickers gun? On the one hand, the .50 has better penetration, on the other hand, you can pretty much shoot the Vickers for an entire day straight.
This has been a good week for libright news. Privatized space, lockdowns ending, everybody hates cops now, Koreans returning to their natural environment.
&gt;Let me say as I've always said, and I will always continue to say, that riots are socially destructive and self-defeating This is what MLK said immediately before the "a riot is the language of the unheard" quote. He absolutely, equivalently did not support riots. That quote is him saying "I understand why they happen" it's not him saying he supports it.
It's entirely possible to have a huge problem with both of them.
It's called a bulbous bow
At the time, he was being sued for sexual harassment. Getting blowjobs from your subordinates is a pretty big warning sign in that sort of thing. He may or may not he abused his position of power over Lewinsky. He absolutely lied about it to try to help his lawsuit against Paula Jones. Lying about it in the deposition was the crime he committed, and the crime he got impeached for.
Does lying about sexual relationships with subordinates in a deposition where you are being sued for sexual harassment count as nothing noteworthy to you?
The perjury took place during a sexual harassment lawsuit. Those kind of questions were a lot more pertinent to that.
What universe do you live in where perjury isn't illegal? &gt;it needs to be handled as a new case. I'm going to go out on a limb and guess that despite saying this, you think the Mueller investigation's abrupt pivot from Russia to Ukraine was fine though.
Ken Starr was originally just investigating Whitewater. Linda Tripp gave him evidence that Clinton committed perjury in his prior lawsuit and the Starr investigation pivoted kinda like how the Mueller investigation changed from Russia to Ukraine. Clinton's perjury was investigated as part of the Whitewater scandal, but he actually made the false statements under oath during the deposition for the Clinton v. Jones lawsuit.
I'm basically imagining it happening exactly like that time he [volunteered for the United Way] (https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uEEYbXVCoT0)
I'm not sure why they need to be pondering "radical" designs right now when fairly straightforward ideas like air launched SM-6s or the CUDA are theoretically pretty good solutions for what they are asking for.
That doesn't make any sense. Using your cypher 'fuck 12' would either be translated into 'fuck all bastards' or 'fuck are bastards'
Does the 3,300 lbs figure count just the missile or is it including the booster too?
The protests back then were just as violent as they are right now. I remember Baltimore and St. Louis getting hit especially hard by riots. I doubt anything would be all that different under Clinton. The federal government doesn't have nearly as much control over their police departments as the individual cities do, and most of the cities that are having the biggest issues right now are fairly blue.
&gt; Not all of Congress, but certainly one party, and especially now, with collaboration from the current administration. The Trump administration has been increased NASA's budget each year. They've put a lot more emphasis on space than either the Bush or Obama administrations.
According to the chart you yourself posted, Trump averages 19,754,000 per year and Obama averaged 18,417,000 per year. 1.337 Billion is more than one billion. 7.25% is more than 5%. Maybe you don't think 7.25% is that much but clearly this administration is putting more resources towards NASA than the previous ones. Come on man, this is information that you are posting yourself. Why do you feel the need to lie about what your sources say?
It might sound small but only having 2 air-ground weapons is shockingly common for many missions. For instance, the F-16 has 9 hardpoints. The centerline pylon can only carry fuel tanks or avionics pods and 4 of them can only carry air-air missiles leaving 4 air-ground pylons. The vast majority of missions that you see, the F-16 has fuel tanks on 2 of the 4 air-ground pylons leaving just 2 pylons for bombs. If they are doing CAS or tank plinking, they can put multiple ejector racks on those pylons and carry multiple 500lbs class munitions on each one. If they are doing SEAD or a strike mission, they will only carry two 2,000lbs class munitions. It's a similar situation with the earlier, non-super versions of the F-18.
I'm a bit confused by your terminology. Specifically, how you are separating SCHV and intermediate cartridge into two different categories. I always took SCHV (small caliber high velocity) to mean rounds like 5.56x45 and 5.45x39 but intermediate to include SCHV rounds as well as more old fashioned ones like 7.62x39 and 8mm Kurz. Are you using intermediate to only refer to the 7.62x39 style of assault rifle rounds?
If all they supplied was 5.56 in the SAW packaging, every member of a standard rifle squad would be able to keep on fighting. It's logistically complicated to give the squad every single bit of ordnance that the MTOE says it's supposed to have, but just keeping them in the fight isn't too difficult.
&gt;The biggest problem is they don't have any goals or proposals. People act like the civil rights movement was just a bunch of people protesting inequality and then suddenly things got better. They found a specific policy that was racist (eg. segregation on busses in Alabama) and protested until the law changed. They did this over and over again until things started snowballing. These protests are going "what do we want?" "figure it out yourself"
When the Glock was introduced, it was absolutely great and revolutionary. Nowadays, there are a billion pistols on the market just as cheap, just as reliable and just as accurate as the Glock. Most of the non-glocks also have the advantage of having better sights and better ergonomics.
&gt;dont make profit and are subsidized by the government I'm going to take a wild guess and say that you don't actually know what subsidies farmers get.
I don't understand this comment. Do farmers not deserve to be compensated for their labor? They are creating a good that literally keeps other people alive. How is that not helping anyone?
Ah yes, cause farming makes notoriously huge profits to be taken /s
For hundreds of years before people were using electricity, 'charger' meant a horse used by knights in combat. As such, the first two logos for the Chargers both incorporated a shield with a horsehead and a thunderbolt on it. &amp;#x200B; [https://sportslogohistory.com/los-angeles-chargers-primary-logo](https://sportslogohistory.com/los-angeles-chargers-primary-logo)
No gotcha. The point is that Kaepernick him self explicitly stated that he was "not going to show pride" in our flag or country. The argument that he's not doing it to disrespect the flag doesn't hold much water with me when by his own admission, he doesn't have any pride for it anyways.
When did the book advocate fascism? Besides only veterans being able to vote, the society is basically a much less racist version of America at the time.
Kids aren't allowed to practice magic before they get to Hogwarts at age 10ish. For the first decade of their life, do they just shit somewhere then wait for their parents to come home and clean it up? Also in the first week at school, 1/7th of the student population hasn't learned the spell to clean up their shit yet. That must be a priority on the syllabus.
Only if you do it on a per nostril basis. If you take his cocaine usage divided by the *area* of his nostrils, his ranking goes down.
It's clearly Darth Raven.
Yeah, that's not really an issue in the books though. Lots of traveling happens off page. Outside of the half dozen or so most important characters, most of the chapters start with somebody thinking back on what they've been doing for the last couple months. If Bran's year+ trip down to King's Landing is uneventful, we aren't going to see most of it.
The agents would start talking and right before they come to a deal, Kaepernick's girlfriend would tweet a photo comparing the consumption of Buffalo wings to the holocaust and the whole thing will fall apart.
Yeah, it's fucking scary.
&gt;“A riot is the language of the unheard” - also MLK. I really hate how everybody has been taking this quote out of context. He absolutely, unequivocally was not supporting riots when he said this. In the same interview where he made that quote, he also said this about riots. &gt;I would hope that we can avoid riots because riots are self-defeating and socially destructive. In fact, I'd say he summed up the theme of that discussion pretty well in his opening remarks &gt;I will never change in my basic idea that non-violence is the most potent weapon available to the Negro in his struggle for freedom and justice. I think for the Negro to turn to violence would be both impractical and immoral.
Civilians have gotten more direct benefit from the Air Force Space Command than pretty much the rest of the military combined. Each year it's mission has been getting bigger and more important.
Spy satellites, weather satellites, communication satellites, a little think called GPS that you might have heard of.
\&gt; how long before we would have people who would be considered active members of Space Force? That already happened months ago.
The best way to boil cabbage is in a giant stock pot where you happen to also be cooking corned beef. Or, you can just eat it raw. Cut it into shreds, and dip it into some kind of sesame sauce.
High taxes, high cost of living
&gt; Sansa is back to the North and meets Jon so there's still some potential love triangle between them Based on the Tourney at Ashford theory, I thought that Sansa would end up engaged to Aegon, but if Jon's true heritage gets revealed relatively soon, him and Sansa getting together would still make it work.
&gt;I want him to win just to laugh at the meltdown. There is this bar right next to my college campus that I plan on going to on election night. It has one of those fancy digital jukeboxes. My plan is to go there and play "Donald Trump" by Mac Miller on repeat for a couple hours straight.
&gt;Black witnesses eventually admitted this. Even ignoring the witness testimony, let's look at the evidence. Michael Brown's blood was on Darren Wilson's gun, pants and the inside of his cop car. Brown had powder burns on his hand. Wilson had bruising on his face. I'm not a forensic scientist but that doesn't sound like hands up, don't shoot to me.
Well, that's kinda how the first half of the book turned out.
You can't (or at least shouldn't) open up the legal system to arbitrary stuff like that. That's how things happen like some young rich rapist ending up with a slap on his wrist because he 'is such a bright boy with a future ahead of him'. The law needs to be objective, not subjective. If it isn't, injustices will happen way more often then they already do.
&gt; Probably was picked to be security guard because he was well trained in how to use a gun and had spent a long time using them Well, the guy was like 90 years old so he definitely had a lot of time to get some practice in.
Dammit, I only got to see in shades of green
The ones I had were awesome. They were way higher resolution than any night vision I had ever seen in a movie before, on pitch black, overcast nights you could still see your own shadow and a helicopter landing in dusty conditions produces thousands of times more static electricity than you could imagine. It was still all green though.
&gt;In the moment when I truly understand my enemy, understand him well enough to defeat him, then in that very moment I also love him. I think it’s impossible to really understand somebody, what they want, what they believe, and not love them the way they love themselves. And then, in that very moment when I love them.... I destroy them. -Ender Wiggin
The F-22 is only able to carry 1000lbs class bombs so it is definitely limited in the bunker busting mission compared to the F-117 which can carry 2,000lbs BLU-109 munitions.
Also, Desert Storm was a pre JDAM war. Lasers were the main way to drop guided bombs back then. Most of the missions a F-117 would do these days, would probably involve JDAMs not Paveways.
Any mission an F-117 can do, an F-35 can do better and cheaper.
Two years? Half of that shit on your list happened within two months of Hitler becoming chancellor.
The B-21 is supposed to be able to carry the MOP right?
The vast majority of cats are solitary hunters. Lions are pack (pride) hunters so their behavior is more wolf like than most other cats.
It's kinda absurd how many people seem to think that if the Federal government doesn't promise to give it too you, it doesn't exist.
I always fry that stuff up and mix it with scrambled eggs. Spoon some out onto a tortilla and you have easy breakfast burritos.
I don't think freeing up an extra $9 more to spend on each American would make that big a difference.
The bolt release and selector lever are both between the buttstock than the magazine. You have to move your left hand to your right shoulder to actuate either of those controls.
George Washington Carver is very disappointed in you.
It helps that those 77 courses are seen by most of the characters as an absurd extravagance.
You mean besides being 3 feet taller and handsome? Probably not much.
Trubisky had a terrible rookie year. His sophomore year was the one that was good.
Yeah, I still don't know a single person who has had a positive test. I guess that's one of the many benefits of not living in a large city.
&gt;It's not their skin or identity that gets them the hate, it's their reputation for thievery, scams and other lowlife behavior that seems to be in their culture. That may or may not be true but, racists will use this exact same justification for why they hate black people in America.
For more context, they had received a report of a man with that description waving around a handgun and pointing it at cars. The guy reached for his waist and got shot. Tucked into his waistband, the cops found a realistic looking pellet gun with no orange cap or anything. It was pretty much a suicide by cop.
Usually you would think of montages as a kinda hokey filmmaking tool but Ender's Game really needed a few good montages. IMO, the character of Ender Wiggin has two main qualities that that are absolutely essential to telling his story. 1: He is incredibly intelligent. 2: he is constantly on the brink of collapsing under the pressure that is put on him. With the book, you are constantly in his mind. You see his thought process. He's not a character who says clever things, he's a character who thinks in intelligent ways. He analyzes situations, comes up with plans, and wins over and over and over and over again. In the movie, Colonel Graff keeps on telling us he's smart but you hardly actually see it. Why not show us a montage of Dragon Army winning? Just show a snippet of his new tactics, a victory and Dragon Army's scores updating. Five minutes of Ender succeeding will do more to tell the audience how smart he is than 1 hour of Graff monologuing. The larger, more important part of that character is his poor mental health. He is pushed to the absolute edge of his mental abilities and he goes over the edge twice. The kid is stressed, he's exhausted and he is seriously, dangerously depressed. In the book, we are privy to his gradually deteriorating state. The weight of the world gets heavier, and heavier and heavier until it becomes too much. In the movie, he's kinda an angsty teen. At the very least, they could have shown us his increasing exhaustion, especially toward the end.
People consume dairy products from every domesticated animal that is **easy** to milk. With cows you come out twice a day and fill up your bucket. With pigs, you have to simulate a bunch of piglets sucking on their nipples to even get their milk letdown started. Then once the flow starts, you have less than a minute to try to collect from each of their dozen or more nipples. Then you have to try the process again in a couple hours. Then do it again in a couple more hours.
Shopping at Walmart every now and again is a good reminder to myself that so many people don't even deserve to be paid minimum wage.
&gt;You're asking hundreds of people to put their lives on hold for months As if the government hasn't been asking millions of people who don't work at essential jobs to put their lives on hold.
You don't have to be a narcissist to think that incompetent employees deserve to get fired.
&gt; Wearing masks isn't for just in case someone coughs on you or something If it's not an N95 it is almost completely useless for protecting yourself. Those cloth masks lower the chances of you infecting others. They don't do anything to prevent you yourself from getting sick.
That probably explains why I disliked Cassie so much.
It isn't just Manderley. Barbary Dustin uses the same exact phrase when she's talking shit to a Frey.
The live feed always cuts out during droneship landings. The ship is out in the middle of the ocean so it has to beam the transmission to a satellite which beams the transmission back to land. During the landing, the ship vibrates too much for the antenna to maintain a lock with the satellite.
It was an AK made from a parts kit by an incompetent kitchen gunsmith who tried to convert it to 5.56. Whoever built it had no idea how rivets are supposed to work and is one of those guys who knows just enough about dremeling to be a danger to himself and everyone around him.
If Ginsberg gets replaced by another Gorsuch/Kavanaugh type I'd feel 1000 times better about any 2A cases.
&gt;Neuschwanstein That castle is way less historical than you'd think. Building on it started in 1869, several years after the American Civil War ended. It's not a castle built for any of the reasons most castles are built. It was built because the Bavarian King romanticized olde timey things like castles and monarchies that had actual power.
&gt; The Nazis and Mussolini were both extreme right wing nationalist regimes. Right wing/left wing is an economics thing right? Modern day Canada is more right wing than either Germany or Italy were in the 30's.
Hell, if Roberts got replaced by another Gorsuch/Kavanaugh type I'd still feel way better about it.
I don't think the government should recognize gay marriage. I also don't think they should recognize straight marriage.
I think it was a great idea that they bookended the movie with Faramir telling the story. I never thought of it as a historical movie, more like some old soldier telling a story and each time he retells it, he embellishes it more and more until it gets unbelievable. Like, the first time he tells it, Xerxes is a normal guy. The 20th time he tells it, Xerxes is 8 feet tall, covered in piercings and literally golden colored. There's no shortage of ancient people writing about things they say are actual historical events, but which is filled with mythology and other stuff that is clearly made up.
For example, we know Spartans wore armor. It's an undisputed fact. That being said, have you ever seen Greek pottery where the hoplites aren't naked?
&gt; The Chicago Police Department is one of the worst in the country That tends to happen when you have a place completely controlled by Democrats for 80+ years.
Every day I get more and more convinced that BLM cares more about tearing down America than they do about building up black people.
&gt;but rather it's just about destroying ~~history~~ **America**
Besides Bears/Vikings games, I haven't seen much of Teddy Bridgewater but I remembered him being really bad. Just looking at his stats on the Vikings, he was putting up arguably worse numbers than Mitch Trubisky. Did he just do better at the eye test or what?
By every objective quality of life metric that exists, Chile has better standards of living today than any other country in South America. Countries seem to recover from right wing dictators pretty quickly. Left wing dictators leave the place in shambles for decades.
Plants, insects and bacteria are life too. Everyone has to kill other life forms in some way or another to survive. People have to decide at what point life is "advanced" enough that you won't kill it, and you just have a more conservative answer to that than most people.
&gt;What was so good about Oakley sunglasses? They are ANSI Z87 certified, soldiers are allowed to wear them in uniform, and they get a pretty significant discount to members of the military. That means that there is a large segment of the population that have a couple pairs.
&gt;In Iraq and Afghanistan many “light” units had an assigned set of MRAPs and uparmored HMMWVs assigned to them for combat patrols. Also, all that equipment was usually left in theater and signed over to the unit that came over to replace them.
100 is about the hottest it gets in most places. High 90s are hot but you can still have fun doing stuff like swimming. 100 up and you should just stay inside.
Grid fins?
In theory, you'd need a space station in geosynchronous orbit (and a counterweight above that) that the elevator goes to. The problem is that geosynchronous orbits are about 22,000 miles high. By comparison, the International Space Station is *only* about 250 miles up. 22,000 miles of cable is a lot of weight.
&gt;I think what we call beans and you call beans are different Your beans aren't seeds from phaseolus vulgaris plants?
Knowing what we do now about CTE, NFL players should be more afraid of playing football itself then they should be of catching the coronavirus. I know for me personally, purely from a health perspective, I'd much rather someone with the virus cough directly in my face than take a blindside tackle from an NFL pass rusher.
That's what I was thinking. In what world are the tophat guys paying the money willingly and not because they will go to prison if they don't?
Nobody in libright is against voluntary donations to charity. I'm against involuntary taking
Because they are pretending libright is against charity.
The two biggest authleft countries were the USSR and the PRC, their national animals are the Eurasian brown bear and the panda respectively.
&gt;I'd say people on the left are more likely to be opposed to voluntary charity than the right though. I once had someone unironically argue to me that we need to make charity illegal because that's preventing people from demanding more social programs.
And so can the players. If they are scared, they are allowed to quit. No one is forcing them to play.
It's more like calling Pepsi corporate to complain that the McDonalds didn't put enough ice in your Coke.
According to a quick search, the Army is about 4 times larger than the Marine Corps. If the Army's budget is only about three times higher shouldn't they be the ones hurting when it comes to affording stuff?
Makes sense, he was by far the best part of that show.
I was about to say this. American workers make **way** more money than guys with similar jobs in Russia and China.
It's completely idiotic. To solve the problems that they want solving, taking money away from cops isn't going to help anything. In fact, I'd argue that most cops need way more training in general and use of force/deescalation specifically. That costs money.
I imagine that for the most part, social workers will still want a police presence close by when they go to domestic dispute calls.
\&gt; the funding would go toward measures that would reduce the causes of crime Fund dual parent houses?
&gt;3000 remaining members nationwide On those 3000, half are undercover agents keeping eyes on the other half.
&gt; Can you yell “FIRE” in a theater? Fun fact, that phrase was first used in the majority opinion of Schenck v. United States. During WWI, Charles Schenck was distributing flyers basically saying "The 13th amendment bans involuntary servitude. Being drafted into the military counts as involuntary servitude. Therefore, the draft is unconstitutional." Schenck was arrested and charged with breaking the Espionage Act. The judge used the fire in a theater analogy to justify imprisoning a person for basically just protesting the draft.
&gt; They built off a legacy of their parents That's probably true for many millionaires but most billionaires that you've heard of didn't have wealthy upbringings. For example, the 5 richest people in America are Jeff Bezos, Bill Gates, Warren Buffet, Larry Ellison and Mark Zuckerburg. Besides Buffet who's dad was a politician, the other four had pretty normal middle class upbringings.
It's canonically, damp-hair but I choose to read it as dam-pfair
You can say what you will about Trump but his SCOTUS picks have really good records on the 2nd Amendment. I trust Gorsuch and Kavanaugh with my gun rights far more than I trust 99% of any other politicians.
The 2008 Patriots went 11-5 with Matt Cassel starting almost the entire season. Brady isn't what makes the Pats good, Belichick is.
Sure you can, assuming your state actually issues CCW licenses.
I think you mean un**coom**fortable.
They live in a gated community. The protesters are already trespassing on their land.
Even so, every single time the Nazis took more power, they used violent acts from groups like AntiFa as justification for it.
Luckily for Iran, the Obama administration gave them 1.7 Billion so they can afford it.
&gt;what do you think the president would do if Iran assassinated a top US general? It's tough to say but he probably wouldn't shoot down a place full of Canadians
Yeah, wasn't AHS spamming child porn on subs in an attempt to get them shut down?
&gt;Capitalism didn't work in Somalia Why does everyone forget the fact that Somalia was controlled by a full blown communists for the 21 years leading up to its collapse?
&gt; Would have been a lot easier to just say: "no hate except against whites" because we all know if that wasn't your goal the rule would just be "no hate" Presumably, they want it to still be fine to hate men, straight people and Christians also.
Ok, but that's not a public road those protesters are on
