I forgot AB and Julio, but Adams hasn’t shown the same kind of upside as Rodgers starts to show his age
Chain Laser, you can swap in the fire beam in sectors like slug where you can use it effectively (fire beam the isolated oxygen and get a free crew kill)
It’s a Zoltan, so I’m pretty sure that’s a no
Adams isn’t bad, but TBH I’d rather have Diggs if it weren’t for the injuries.
Just check the Defenses on WW for next week schedules
Or he just didn’t want to be there. If I don’t wanna be somewhere I leave. Given, it’s usually a different scenario, but Trump doesn’t really owe other governments shit
For real. I don’t know another team that exceeded expectations so much.
Fucj
I didn’t even think about that! But it would have a divided Chicago which would make fanbase size even.
Oh
Is into the breach good? I love FTL and don’t have a lot of spare time.
No. They sign him anyways. Fuck logic
**Hello** u/DosRogers, Please post your comment as a response to this post’s theme! /s sorry rules don’t pop up on mobile I’ll put it there soon.
Strip club
You aren’t that bad looking, if people want to have sex with Andy Dalton
I may have to. Because I’m in a deep 2 QB league and Wentz is ass RN
I don’t respect or enjoy any of them enough to give them money
Most anti abortion people are against what they believe is child murder... Dunno where you’re getting this control of women idea.
Krtizkreig, end of round kills, Halloween
So you believe that religious people want to form an authoritarian state where they murder children?
Oh it’s always been an issue, it has just been significantly worse since this update. Back in my post history you can see old ones way before June sweet summer child
I didn’t learn of the Tower of Babel from the Bible
Not good enough. The only reason I liked 2015 was extinguishing your fun, and the only reason I liked 2016 is because I got to make your fans cry when we won. I have no forgiveness for thecards
A house is already like 70% that most of the time.
No but my motive and hatred are stronger.
Now remove both parties needing a trade token
Watch Smash Ultimate streams, the game comes out at midnight EST
Central checking in! I’m doing all my homework and taking a fat nap to 11PM
As a commissioner, I’m making my rule that for you to sub in a player, the opponent must agree and he gets to sub in ANY player, and you can’t change your sub pick, while he can do it after the Monday games. So it can pay off for the swapping team, but the advantage is in favor of the opponent.
My league is casual, and sometimes someone is hurt during warmups or something where our league won’t catch it in time. So rather than bum out the player, make it a higher scoring affair where the other owner still has an advantage
Neither of those cards are OP.
It’s fairly easy to defend and is a versatile card. Most of its usage is a lightning block because of E drag IIRC. A card can be involved in the meta without being OP. Was log OP when it had a high usage rate?
Because those plays know how to play it at a higher level than you do, and they will naturally have a high success rate.
Because Hog and Royal hogs don’t have the flexibility in the meta that Ram does. Hog and RH are only viable as a tower attacker, where as Ram can be used to block lightning or take out a building to clear the way for support troops. You frankly aren’t good enough at the game to understand how to counter it, so you simply call it OP.
Too bad we have Mitch “Cam Newton” Trubisky back.
Some leagues are. I didn’t say yours was but that’s why my league is such
I chose Mario, you guys?
Better than Red Dead IMO, worse than GOW by a fingernail.
Cabrera and Contreras have to have their parents locked up in a compound so they don’t get kidnapped for ransom.
Him and Jay, smoking in Florida
Yes, but 75 mil was unheard of until now
I don’t even like his content, I just don’t want T series to win
Pretty sure he’s gonna lose his catcher eligibility soon, if SDS wants to make his throw power accurate.
Beautiful double leg takedown
Would be game winning if Chase Daniel didn’t stick his hands in butter between regulation and OT
I don’t know If we see the same bears fans, most fans I see are humbled.
You forgot a decimal, you meant 1.7 points, right?
And don’t forget BTEIHRD! He and his dad lead the league in it!
Excited for Walter Payton! Hoping he’s Smashmouth so he fits in my scheme
*NUTS*
“You fucks know that Hue isn’t a player right?” He asks, and throws the mike and walks off.
“These two team were in the NFCCG 2 years ago, now they’re in *TAAANK BOWLL!*”
I still don’t understand that trade, especially with them tearing it all down
It’s the bears paying the cops on their overtime
Bears top 5 team reaffirmed.
Frank Thomas lives near me and we see him in a local bar every so often.
I read it freshman year of HS, but I’m in an honors course, so I don’t think the left had too many people read it
I’m pretty sure Ben Shapiro tried to mail me a debate invitation, but a stamp shortage meant he couldn’t send them all out.
He found a single communist. A dentist in the Army.
Adam Thielen is the #1 fantasy WR, Diggs is top 20, and Kirk is a top 12 QB IIRC. They were bad last week but in general have been good
That’s 60 hours for me, that’s good money.
Doesn’t matter when you’re on probation
YouTube rewind. It’s worse
Smash player and Ike main. I agree, feed him
Yeah... they did lose to the bears who got handed the division, even though the bears have lost all their games by 1 score
Nice repost brother.
Yeah. Each watchthrough averages like 200 episodes for about 30 minutes, and we can factor the hour long episodes as apart of Scott’s tots and other ones you skip because you aren’t in the mood. So I estimate it’s like 100ish hours each Edit: due to lack of commercials it’s 22 minute average so a 65 hours/watch
I know some people skip certain episodes, with Scott’s tots being the most common, do I used it as an example
Oh shit it didn’t realize it was that short. I could swear the show broke 200 episodes
Luck.
Yeah, I did forget that. Someone gave me the runtime and I amended my comment
You legit reposted this off r/gaming
Rules 1 and 2 are “be attractive.” And “don’t be unattractive.”
It is. It’s just weird
Smashmouth player here. Screw you. I need all the help I can get
They even live in Pennsylvania
For real, when I mentioned a team that was keeper people called my league a taco league
I was thinking because he’s such a wildcard, you never know where the ball’s going
“I’m 31, well I will be in November.”
AB or Mike IMO.
QB scenario is always shaky in Denver, but he looks like a potential WR2 with high upside
He wanted you to not get pinned, but to get teched. It’s one less team point for the opponent, And I’d be willing to bet that the State Champ could have pinned you but wanted to work moves. -High school varsity starter on a top 10 team in my state
One where a guy cooks eggs, knocks the girl out with the pan, so he decides to fuck her.
Maybe, but it also gives them a perspective on how other countries who wish to do us harm treat each other.
The meme potential there would be godlike
Middle aged businessman, who has a mildly successful company he will namedrop a lot
AB isn’t as good a WR for fantasy purposes as Thielen except for in standard, AB is 30 now and Adam is 28. Adam has maybe 7 years, 5 of which as a top 15 WR. (He’s been a top 5 the last two years) AB has maybe 5, 3 of which could be fantasy relevant. AB will slow down and lose his edge much quicker IMO.
But do you think Ben and Juju aren’t threats to his production? Ben is old, Juju is younger and very good, and the Steelers like the run. I’d sell high on AB in all dynasty or keeper formats
And an entire offense. Our D was solid last year, but now we have the offense and are squarely a top 3 team in the NFC, top 5 in the league. No team is as balanced as the Bears except for maybe the Chargers or Cowboys, and the Cowboys displayed today they aren’t a serious super bowl contender. (I’ll admit I’m wrong if I see them alive in February)
The bears won’t rest their boys, they got a shot at the 2nd seed.
I need my commish go move D Williams to my Flex
For real man, Taking My Time, Robots don’t drink, Hampden parks, Changed my mind, Let Me Oh, and Sidelines are all on my driving playlist.
Fuck dude
You know you were basically the NFC colts for a while there, right? Given, we were the NFC browns for a little bit
Fairbarn kicked my ass out of the playoffs
Oh snap!
Wasn’t Trubisky hurt for ~~half~~ *garbage time* that game after Smith had a late hit? I had turned off the game at that point because I had some stuff going on that night, but that’s what I remember hearing
Actually do though. Fuck Oakland
I forget, did we score off him? I know Shaw blew the game in the 10th
A McGuire vs Sosa event, where every home run each card hits gets added to a count, and the winner gets a special event or something.
Kelley is the favorite for most fantasy groups.
Hide and seek, coloring, dancing, and board games (if she’s patient enough) are always fun!
No, we’re looking to deal Heyward and use the space on Bruce Hooper
As soon as they’re old enough to speak. Maybe little Johnny wants to read his picture book in peace.
Or you just accept you’re not cumming at this particular moment and go find mom, get the shit handled, and can go back to masturbation.
It shuts down about 3-4 times a presidency in modern times, it’s honestly not as big a deal as the media makes it out to be
Don’t sign Harper. Unless the Giants take Heyward and Chatwood for free, I don’t see how we can make a financially responsible signing
Didn’t Votto get ejected for throwing a bitchfit over balls and strikes? I mentioned the slides, and the respect me thing was a little excessive.
Secular holiday. Seinfeld joke that gained a cult following in popular culture. The Wikipedia page explains it well
Can you do the Hentai Haven or PornHub logos?
Can confirm. Being a target of Sherman is annoying
Obama? Bush? Clinton? Are we listing presidents?
That man is a fucking meme
My team consisting of Taysom Hill will make a rebound this week. (I was knocked out in the 1st round by Amari)
*types 911 on microwave*
My cousin and I just buy games for each other off our wishlists, but he makes me check that I can actually run them on my shit laptop.
Had the same thing happen to me not long ago. You know taxes exist, you just forget they apply to you now, and you see just how much they take, none of which goes to you mind you
Because you get a large part taken away for things you don’t use for another 60 years at his age.
We actually only take like 6% for taxes, we just take an extra 15% for Social Security and Medicaid, neither of which we benefit from.
Well, as someone who believes in less taxation, Is disagree. In the current state of American politics, taxation IS theft. Your money is being wasted. We’re giving billions of dollars to NASA and the military to sit with their thumbs up their asses.
You ain’t gettin Social security /medicare back, and that’s like 15 of those 20 bucks he lost.
He had 1 godlike season, 1 great season, and 3 seasons where he was slightly above average
I traded him in fantasy baseball and regretted it in like May. I would have been set with steals with him and Trea.
But you wouldn’t say that to his face in (whatever the Indians stadium is) Park.
Happy: Heyward signing Sad: Heyward signing after June
I’m going with Rays and Rockies this year, in addition to the teams I root for by default. (Cubs, A’s, Indians) Last year was the Red Sox and Braves for me.
Thank you brother.
Don’t even need a 2nd human player, I did it with one. Ike’s Side B off constantly
What’s a phantom tank bowl?
Because if he gets hurt, a degree would be important to have. If he doesn’t have one and gets hurt, he’ll be needing a lotta money once that rookie contract money is gone for medical bills and to go back to college
I leave it on 50. Back in ‘17 I traded for Mack, and I ended up with a defense of Donald, multiple superstar 1st rounders, Mack, and some 85s to fill in the spaces. I lost Mack, my star MLB, and 2 cornerbacks in the 3rd quarter alone. Sometimes you get bad luck.
Out of the loop. What happened?
1. packers 2. Cowboys 3. Patriots 4. Steelers 5. Giants 6. Packers 7. Green Bay 8. Vikings 9. Lions 10. Packers
He’s not 32 yet
As a 5’3” man, consider yourself lucky punk.
Shoot. I still have a black cat I haven’t started because TTC is so boring. I didn’t realize there was x2 for the events
Can confirm. Kid I went to high school with was rich and trashy. He had a wrestling mat in his basement, rode dirt bikes around his big property, and had a zit covered face. His mom also showed up for wrestling meets in pajama pants.
People complain about debt. This seems like a solution. You make people unhappy because they are not quite that wealthy. *NOTE: I would not make it through college without a combination of savings made by my family and my few scholarships, nobody in my family left with debt.*
Ooooh boy, lotta stupid in this comment. While your phone was created with Chinese labor, I’m willing to bet it was designed by an American company, or possibly a Japanese/Korean one, I forget where Samsung is headquartered. The World Wide Web is 55ish% in English IIRC. The country with the most computers/phones and English speakers is America. Making the WWW predominantly American (though every nation uses it, hence the name.) The moon landings were officially recognized by the Soviet Union. If there were a possibility of falsehood in it, the Soviets would have tried to deny it, but they said it was true, which they had no reason to have done.
The thing is, they are ultimately the most innovative areas of humanity in modern times. They are currently “smarter” but IQ isn’t intelligence, it’s a measure of ability to learn.
I tip. However, I shouldn’t have to. Resturajnts should start paying their workers right rather than relying on us to give them livable wages
Are you going to provide reasons for why you think he’s wrong or just insult him? I agree with some parts of his argument and disagree with others. I’d like to hear the opinion of people who wholely disagree with him.
Queen has bad music too. Bohemian Rhapsody was seen as average at best upon release. There are modern pop songs I like “Call me Maybe” “Fireflies” “High Hopes” “Radioactive” and many I dislike (High Hopes was the best song since 2014 IMO, disregarding songs that are so bad they’re ironically good OFC)
Can you elaborate on this for me?
Because it’s hope. If god doesn’t exist, I lost nothing but time and had the false sense that my loved ones were happy when they left me. If god does exist, I’m not going to Hell. It’s like the prisoners dilemma but without a drawback to being selfish.
So what makes one kind of labor better than another? If I tied you down, so you couldn’t move, and forced you to watch “Call me Maybe”’s official music video, (or some other song you hate) and by the end of the day you had to be able to draw any scene from it accurately, you would certainly call that inhumane. What makes school different?
Caught in a land slide
Research your medicines before you just blindly follow a doctor’s orders. Part of our country is the freedom to go to a doctor who will cooperate with you.
Because players who play with items aren’t usually the smartest bunch. And I’ll admit, I’ll occasionally have a Pokéball battle.
Sophomore here. Taking 4 APs next year, will take 3 the following year, and I’m taking one now. I’ll hate myself but my parents will have spent like 1.6k for a full semester instead of however much it’s gonna cost at actual college.
I would have gone to bed without seeing this! Thanks!
This started playing at my church but I didn’t recognize it from Shrek, But from this one YouTube video where Waluigi sings about being rejected from Smash.
Nah, I meant like what differentiates a regular tank bowl and a phantom tank bowl?
Depends. If it’s like Minecraft where it was stil technically “Early Access” for like 5 years, then not really if it’s a functional game. But usually tes
Don’t we have brothers? I remember Bosa’s brother being a thing in one of my drafts,
Basically a British version of Gopniks, Punks, Lowlifes, Welfare Abusers, Trailer Trash, etc.
Amazing how he gets noticed so quickly
Tell us how this goes
*Beasley*
With that logic Zeke is a suspension risk
Because Jiggs’ specials suck other than rest and the stupid sleep bullshit from that one spirits fuck those kids gooddamnit
Fuck you too buddy. Our defense was good.
HAHAHAHA Biggest franchise? New England? Yankees? You’re not even biggest in the NFL let alone the sports world, not even including soccer teams around the world.
I was about to roast you for calling the bears an AFC team and I realized you meant the divisions the rams play, not the divisions the bears and saints lead.
Can I get a source proving this?
Nice, but it’s actually 77.
Found a new bob account, and he pissed off all of r/fuckmanny
If it makes you feel better, his career is 8 years older than I am.
It’s like Madden, where the one HB angle play is broken because linebackers are shit and can’t cover a fast man.
You just quoted me when I play madden and go for it on 4th and 25
TBF Freeman looked pretty good in the beginning, but Lindsay was the fantasy GOAT, he carried my sorry ass to the playoffs.
This bears team: held the Rams to a pitiful point total, picked off Rodgers for the first time in like 8 weeks of play, have the 2 other favorite DPOY candidates not named “Aaron Donald” and had to Face the Vikings and Rodgers twice.
Go watch the Tampa vs Bears game, that will be your game against the Bears if the bears don’t throw.
Holy shit
I wish there was a way to guarantee a certain loadout and crew setup, like a sandbox mode. Scores could be uncounted. I know the Scramble Mod is a thing but it counts the scores and ruins my high scores.
I only recognize Parkey and what I think is miller on the left. Who is there, because I can’t distinguish fan from player, but I think the rightmost dude is a player too I just can’t place him to a name.
Not in this case. I want the Packers to suffer like the Lions and us have, where they constantly get draft picks too low to fill their needs, but not high enough to mean they had a good season.
I’m with the crazy Swede on this one. I don’t enjoy his content, but I have subscribed and liked that video to protest T series and YT rewind respectively.
Yeah. My sentiment isn’t common, but Lions and Bears fans grew a camaraderie over the years with our mediocrity.
I do this sometimes too.
Strawberries
Remember when he also predicted a Jags Packers super bowl? Even at the time picking the Packers was stupid.
Nah, it’s gonna be a repeat of the Tampa game. Trubisky going to go full BDN and throw 7 TDs
It was only stupid if you weren’t paying attention. The Bears had a top 5 D last year and this year they had Mack and Smith. Trubisky had people to throw to now and they were a complete team. Bears and Vikings fans knew it would be close, Bears fans moreso with how uncertain Kirk was, and proved he still is, against good teams.
“Tyreek down there somewhere. YEET!”
#FULL REID IS APPROACHING! HIDE ALL CHIEFS FANS AND SHOOT ANY MAN WITH A WALRUS MUSTACHE!
Wait what? Big Ben passed for 5k?
You wasted their careers.
Unpopular opinion. It’s good he passed away early. Cancer is a terrible way to go and he would have suffered more the longer he lived. It was merciful.
I was playing TF2 and this guy on the server had a deep European accent and was getting drunk as we played. The server swapped to a custom map with mini games, and one of them was a game where boxes fall from the ceiling to crush you. Now, this drunk Russian guy screams “REVERSE TETRIS, WHERE THE BLOCKS STACK YOU.” And he starts playing an earrape Tetris over his mic. He also had a demoman loadout where he was an Arab and would try and kamikaze people while screaming “Allahu Akbar.” I played with this guy for the better part of the year, and he was consistently hilarious.
You must not be afraid of spiders
r/Tierzoo Or r/outside
She dumps the lady’s stuff in the toilet, and Oscar is smiling because Angela punked the bitch
Bottom 10 team in the MLB right now, and it looks like their prospects are all busts or getting hurt so unfortunately they may suck for a while
Or a Shawshank to find Redemption from
Nah, in America you just have to try in the ACT, SAT, and get a good GPA through junior year.
Just an FYI BBW means something different that Buffalo Wild Wings
1 TE unless I get a top TE I’ll start every week, 1 QB because I play matchups and don’t value top QBs highly, 3 RB, because they’re hurt a lot, sometimes drop them for byes, 1 WR or Defense depending on my luck there.
For what it’s worth, in OOTP Tapia was a gold Glover the next two years IRL, before he became my 4th outfielder as 3 5 Star international FA’s came to town
As an athlete, I’ve found pot is one of the quickest ways to hurt your performance. So for the sake of everyone’s enjoyment, pls no. Though in all fairness everyone I know who I’m basing this observation off of smoked it, cannot speak for edibles because none of them can cook.
Shit. Gordon’s injured consistently for a few games but he’s still ahead of gurley.
Damn.
I’ve only seen it referred to when it’s an edible like pot brownies. Whoops!
I know, he just told me
I mean, Link and MK play fundamentally different from the other swordies, cloud and Corrin both have different movesets to the point where I don’t feel like I can call them offshoots of Marth or Ike
Funky isn’t in the DK Crew but I want him. He could have a mix of DK and Wario’s moveset
Lanky as Belmont reskin confirmed
I don’t care how many touchdowns he scoreD (because that’s last year, when he wasn’t a massive question mark) if he’s dealing with knee pain and could sit half the season
I have Kamara at 3. I just forgot he existed.
I got this a lot. Mainly because I pit two rival factions against each other before I winged Hussar them and take out the world
Yeah, I believe they call you a traitor if that happens
Her neck hella long now tho
I lost a really dope save thanks to this update :(
In OOTP I named the MVP the Mike Trout Award
Then we couldn’t turn your M upside down, that’s a win win as far as I see
If I had the opportunity to high five any cub, even fucking Kyle Ryan, I’d be hyped as hell and love them forever. I’m in favor of nets, but I get what that guy’s saying.
Where they’ll never get to the kids because it’s going to be a jump ball like any pop up foul ball.
I know, but I’m saying that it could be skewed slightly for coors above, so there’s an argument that he could have been average
I always forget about story, he’s maybe a 15 HR 20 SB guy and a solid defender. He’s no Baez, Correa or Lindor, but he’s definitely in that Tier 2 of SS.
Slut = man kills himself due to feelings of depression OR he becomes an incel
I've been on both, and they have very similar philosophies on many issues, MGTOW just has given up tryna get sex.
That's great! I'm American but decided to take German as my 2nd language, and it sucks that there are migrants who refuse to learn your language.
Alright, thank you, I'm still learning and appreciate the feedback!
I can’t put a 40 inch on my desk close to my face lol, I wouldn’t be able to see it. And my monitor has a really short refresh rate, which TV’s won’t have.
That’s faster than Usain Bolt runs IIRC
I can’t remember the number, but “what happened to site 13” (may have the number of the site wrong too, I read it like 4 months ago) Is a similar tale/universe with character development, but very long, it’s pretty cook
Where would I access the revision on mobile?
There was a slight hyperbole in my statement, but a liar I am not. I didn’t buy a 6k monitor, because it’s excessive for what I wanted, but I built a PC for 1550 which is noticeably faster than my highschool’s macs have ever been, even when I’m downloading over 200GB of steam games
None on the wiki to my knowledge. There was one in a deep sea submarine though, and it was said that 096 was moving extremely fast in that instance to get to the ocean
There was a slight hyperbole in my statement, but a liar I am not. I didn’t buy a 6k monitor, because it’s excessive for what I wanted, but I built a PC for 1550 which is noticeably faster than my highschool’s macs have ever been, even when I’m downloading over 200GB of steam games
Damn autocorrect, I mean cool
It’s in personell, you can find their stats by sorting by scouting skill IIRC you’ll want to have a scout who favors tools when you’re developing and ability when your contending
Can we all just agree that who you sleep with isn’t anyone else’s business?
I know, but then his wouldn’t make sense
&gt;in theory Yeah, everyone with half a brain knows it doesn’t mean shit
But could he strike or babe Ruth?
I think it’s cheating we’re so high because we have 2 Gold Glovers
I would take a massive discount to take his place and get roasted and stay up late lmao. Fuck smoltz
Lester, Hamels, Votto (his counting stats are still a LITTLE far away and he’s getting older) There’s an argument for Molina’s bat not being good enough but I think he’ll get in based on his awards.
I love how seriously you’re taking this. It’s really funny how you typed out not one but two replies for me.
Yeah, if you go into your Minecraft folders you can make a world download by copying the file and making a drop box link. You can clone it in other ways too iirc.
Gotcha. But with Javy’s range, I’m not sure if they took that into account or not
For sure. I also wouldn’t be surprised if he’s one of the highest walk rates outside of roiders like bonds
Change of scenery, warmer ballpark, no more Wrigley winds, being a starter, and being protected by mike trout may help with that.
Yeah, that is something to note
What the fuck you implying?
The onion is struggling to keep up
I think his attempts to lower taxes and make tariffs have slightly emboldened American businesses to compete in international markets because it was supposed to be slightly easier to make a profit.
If Trump wasn’t on Twitter, I don’t think many people would hate him
He lives in America too lmao. Do you really think he’d undo all the work and endanger his real estate empire to spite the next president?
Everyone forgets that ICE does that too.
Because rather than build off his improvements, the next president to run against him will undo all his changes and then spend the last half a year campaigning for re-election where he’ll sit on his hands because the republicans will have a majority in Congress and stop him from doing anything. The party system is cancer and divisive
IIRC his son is autistic, and I wouldn’t be suprised if he had his viewpoint affected by that, but I’m glad he’s changing.
Yeah, the blackface thing was funny, because it was a bunch of idiots getting their comeuppance
So do you not want the constitution upheld?
It publicizes every opinion he has and removes the filter of time that many presidents before him had. Obama waited for a speech to say things. He thought them through. Trump just tweeted it out. It’s very interesting to see, but I personally think it hurts him.
You really gonna snub my man Anthony “Catcher Clobberer” Rizzo like that?
Derek Lee, when he was healthy
Matt Ryan, Wentz, Watson, and Luck, without looking at ADP. And I’m not so sure about Watson either.
If you don’t want A Aron, Trubisky did chug a beer successfully, and I’m high on him this year so I’d reccomend drafting him if you miss on Cam.
If that happens, I will pay for your favorite pizza place to deliver an order for you. He’s facing the Bears and Vikings twice, and LeFluer said he wants to run more, I don’t see his 36 year old ass going out there and doing above QB10
Brady doesn’t drink beer, but he chugs defensive schemes for dinner
Ryan has 13 games in dimes which is great for his accuracy. I’m not high on A Aron at all.
SOMEONE BEAT ME BY ONE MINUTE!!!!
False. Denmark was taken over in 1940 and Hitler attempted to take over Norway in 1941, without much success IIRC
I think it’s in front of the box but the back half of the pig blends into the box.
Everyone knows you build a bunker on each side of your portal.
It’s a meme account
To be fair I forget Ali was Muslim too. Black people aren’t usually Muslim. (Not tryna be racist,the Europeans colonized that part before the Islamic missions reached that far.)
They were, they just didn’t travel south to colonize, they remained in the north
The lowered illegal immigration rates? The steps taken toward ending trafficking? Read the thread and stop mindlessly saying “orange man bad”
Except for treat yo self from Parks and Rec, that gets mentioned several times
“You’ve Yeed your last Haw!”
Oh man, the goblin child wouldn’t blow over in one of my campaigns, the elven ranger HATES goblins to the point he’s dragged the party along with him to kill goblins. Now I want my DM to make that happen during a watch
Todd Howard you did it again!
When you’re the outsider, it’s a reasonable expectation that you should conform to the expectations and culture of the people already there
13 with kindergarten, plus college and preschool, he could technically have 19 or 20 if his parents stared him in preschool at a young age.
So Javy Baez’s career
Its his baby too.
4DS, which has four screens and folds nearly to the size of a USB.
You right
You nearly made me cry in the middle of a wrestling event I’m at
Guessing Senzel?
Nolan totally deserves his 1st place spot, and his play last night means you can never change my mind. KB has been a very respectable batter and base runner, with decent defense and versatility. I dunno if he should be above or below Bryant, leaning above, but I guess we’ll see.
And he’s arguably one of the better defensive CF. The only names off the top of my head better than him are Buxton, Hamilton, and Laureano (IIRC, the A’s CF who went and made 5 crazy plays in the first month to start the year.) Haven’t looked at metrics, but MAYBE Bader or Bellinger is on his level? (But I know belli plays mostly right.)
Well yeah, you’re good so people care again
That’s fine. He’ll be 40 by then and still requesting 30mil a year
You think? He’ll be practically immobile by then and he’s gonna get hurt easier. He won’t be able to do quite as much of a hard carry, and will limit building s team around him with his cap hit
July 5
Nope. July 5. But the first batch of FRQs were graded and the ones so far have a 33.9% of people getting a 1.
Go back to playing Minecraft Pocket Edition.
Drugged out of his mind, yes. With how much cohesion our team’s built (Mack and Roquan getting full camp) I don’t see it happening again.
No. Little kids just play it more for some reason
That defense that held a strong offense to 17 points while the Offense and Kicker lost the game? That was 100% not on the defense. That same offense put up 40 points on the pats in the Super Bowl season.
YTA. You could have just put in earbuds.
And his Ej/9 (ejections per 9 innings) is elite. He’s gotta be an all time great. If him and Joe West aren’t in the hall based on their insane rates alone, then I’m washed up.
He’s on his way I guess. A solid player wrecked by injuries for a few years now.
I’ve told a guy nice shot after a good shot before lol
Why not both?
If you studied, you’d know Haiti consumes a lot of their natural resources trying to rebuild after their frequent tropical storms.
How did I not know this?
Maybe.
Probably 1080*1920, but he cropped out the bottom to make the file smaller
The white men who BOUGHT slaves from the tribes in exchange for guns and luxuries to get more slaves, then enslaved and WHIPPED them, forcing themselves upon them in some instances and oppressing them in nearly all instances. White men owned slaves for a long time with no qualms.
I thought it was funny when I was stuck in a hotel and had to watch it, but I could see how liberals don’t like it, same as I wouldn’t like a show roasting moderates.
The Middle East is predominantly Shi’a and Sunni Muslim. Women couldn’t drive for the majority of our lives in several nations, and books like “A Thousand Splendid Suns” have detailed graphically how other nations have oppressed women even after 9/11. Even if the religion forbids it, the culture does nothing to shame or discourage it. Forced marriage IS a form of slavery, like it or not. I’m willing to bet 25% of modern slavery is caused by Islam, and that doesn’t include African Muslims like the Sudanese (now northern Sudanese) who were committing Genocide, Genital Mutilation, and slavery against the more Christian south. I know many of these terrorist groups in Africa only act in the name of Islam, not the spirit, but unfortunately, Islam is a cause of some of our forced slavery (and that’s a conservative estimate with 25%)
In exchange for guns to get more slaves. Rather than being better, we decided to exploit a group and treat people poorly.
AP Human Geography curriculum defines culture as the religion, societal values, art, language, and music of a location (among other things) Religion is a BIG part of culture and defines how people act. Forced marriage is an ingrained part of culture in the Middle East. I know you don’t want to admit it, but there is fault to be taken. I never said Christianity DIDN’T do those things, given, as a whole they don’t anymore, see the USA, which is currently only guilty of Genital mutilation through Circumcision (and that’s debatable) and WAS guilty of slavery, Genocide, and lack of rights for women (but do none of these things except circumcision for the last 70-150 years. The last genocide committed by Christians was the Holocaust, and the leader was an atheist. (But Germany was catholic at the time so you can attribute it to them if it makes you feel woke) the last genocide committed by Muslims was the Sudan Genocide of 2003-2009, but you could also mention the Armenian Genocide if you want to. There has been no mass genocide Im aware of since then. I’m not attacking Islam, mind you, I’m saying the culture it promotes is a culture of oppression, of misogynists and homophobes. There are also great parts of Islam I respect deeply. I find that they are a committed group, at least in my experience, Ramadan is a cool holiday in my opinion, and requires a lot more dedication than their counterparts.
I did forget about the Chinese warlords, but that was more of a king or emperor controlling a serf or peasant if I remember. My history education was more Eurocentric so I often forget about the Asians in the Middle Ages
Perfect length for prime spaghetti noodles
Yeah, they want to have him for another year for a playoff run
I haven’t heard them bitch about devolution which y’all don’t know, so I think it’s gonna be worse for y’all dummies with the next
Oh damn. I didn’t realize that, it’s a TM right?
For real, then beaning Rizzo. If you accidentally hit someone, then you don’t need to bean a man too
In the game Terraria, the female NPCs act more hostile and are given different voice lines on blood moons. I’m pretty sure it was a joke, but he isn’t the only one at least
r/WTF
So 15 was right? Damn I’m good.
Your class had an easy test, I’m asking this guy why he blames the test and not his studying methods
Deforestation whining pisses me off, if you know that Haiti is a low latitude periphery nation you can rule out everyone answer but deforestation and desertification, and you know that desertification doesn’t happen in the Caribbean’s humid climate.
Or... maybe blame him for not studying enough? Rather than blaming the test itself. We all had the same test
So you didn’t go over climates like Mediterranean, arid, humid?
My sister is allergic to 13 different major ingredients. There are some people out there with a lot of allergies, but yeah, load of BS
Haiti isn’t arid. The entire Caribbean is humid, arid places would be the Middle East or other climates being threatened by desertification. A place prone to tropical storms is the LAST thing to be arid. There’s a little common sense that needs to be applied here and you’re failing to miserably.
Part of being a man is knowing when and how to manage your testicles. Think of it like having to deal with a slightly loose bra
It’s called a shoe. My rule with spiders is if I can’t get him with shoes or a cup of water (for ones in the sink or toilet) then I allow him to live unless he’s near my bed, then I use the end of a nerf sword and a Kleenex to kill him.
Actually, I heard they just had him sit on Jordan Howard’s old locker they dragged out onto the field as a shrine.
Have you read his official promise on guns? He wants to make it similar to driver’s licenses with tiers, with safety measure taken along the way. There IS a grandfather clause, if I remember right
I would be okay with that
I thought that was still in the works...
As a 16 year old, relationships are VERY unstable as a whole until you’re more mature. I’ve watched strong relationships crumble over issues they didn’t expect, and at 19, I don’t see it being better
B-but I’m Liberitarian and Right. I H A V E A S C E N D E D
Not really.
Depends on if you need HR’s really badly and are set on BA.
No he’s our SS now. Instead they’ll talk about his arm and his P L A Y M A K I N G ability
For damaged flags, but not in acts of unceremonial protest.
If you google “modern Jesus” you can find a middle eastern Jesus
99% the US if the girl has a sorority T shirt and can’t drink.
Damn. And I thought my MadBum BB/K in OOTP of 33/199 was impressive.
Why not?
Just read it, god damn, that was spooky. The MTF log really sold it
Rip
They don’t play favorites at all. I watched the play and Manny was completely over the top on a good call.
And Donaldson is two of those outs. Honestly they should just tell him to get the opposing pitcher ejected every game like he did with Musgrove. He’s more use that way.
Its against the Brewers. He’s trying to run fast to get the ankles before they take them away.
Well yea, it’s Scandinavia away from Scandinavia.
I dunno... antivaxxers are a thing
The chin looks like it’s gonna impale some 5’8” person
So is devins
You’d be surprised, actually
I’m gonna sound like a cunt for saying this, BUT if it’s past 1939, I let Hitler live as long as possible. He was incompetent, and any replacement would put the Allies in a less advantageous position, D-Day would have likely failed, as an example, and Russia would have been better supplied for the Germans. Plus giving Hitler comeuppance would be great, to make him pay for what he did with a life in prison.
Because past 1939, Hitler would have set the Holocaust and WW2 into motion and replacing him with someone more competent would prolong the war and Holocaust, leading to additional death.
Seeing as the answer is from “God” I think OP fell for a joke
Speak for yourself, take “We” outta that statement pal
That’s both libertarian sides.
Then Bernie says how his free college is gonna kick trumps ass.
I don’t know mondesi was out until now. Shit
No. Weeb
You can adjust it to lower the % needed and increase the votes per year.
I think it was supposed to be a sympathy or awareness thing? I don’t agree with it, personally
Found Drew Brees’ son!
That is definitely not true
He did that with Chapman, and I’m willing to bet Theo told him “we aren’t resigning him, use him as much as you want.” We have Kimbrel for 3 years, so I don’t think Maddon will have a job if he acts like that.
Technically, we have to.
Legally he did
They cared more about it than I did. It also had like 10 hours to simmer so everyone knew. It was also a Boring conference so SOMETHING happening was an excitement
That’s a good way to think about it, with the real first kiss still coming soon. Thank you
That is incredibly unspecific
Yeah I based the title off that song, I didn’t realize that’s what you were referencing because your punctuation and autocorrect make it hard to read
Not a fam of the visor. I am a fan of haha Pickin-Six though
Because he needs to face adversity now rather than October
Same with Swagger souls.
Puig made a bet with a wizard, if he doesn’t know he hit it, it’ll just be a double off the wall
Maybe ISO + OBP - BA? So Mike Trout’s ISOBP would be .162 + .347 = .509 if I did the math right. I don’t know how to weight SB, but trout has 9 so far which is solid
Rizzo crowds the plate like Cubs fans crowd Wrigley on a Saturday afternoon
kb got requests for one at GABP when he went 5/5 with 3 HRs and 2 doubles.
I didn’t have an older sibling, and I’ve found I try and form a close bond with every older or more experienced person I meet. I guess I have great advice givers, but that’s not the best surrogate for a timid person
Hell yeah
He is a Jew, so I understand it
None of this is serious. He’s a meme account
It’s the perspective, it’s taken slightly to the left side of his face, as the shadow indicates
TY! I know she returned but couldn’t remember how often.
Yeah. I have 2 accounts with 50k, it’s sorta just about volume and knowing what gets upvotes.
I know, but with the bow and my already high stealth modifier, I had a +11 to my stealth at level 5 while also doing 24 damage on average plus a d8 for colossus slayer per turn. I would have to roll under a 8 for the enemy to have a CHANCE at seeing me without magic or their own perception modifiers.
Hulk probably observed the significant majority of it. Edit: absorbed not observed
Oops! Meant to say absorb but I got autocorrected
I’ve seen plenty of subs and users violate the TOS with no reprocussion, and plenty of harmless subs banned. Reddit sold out, plain and simple. Rip r/waterniggas
Since you seem more experienced than me, (in my first campaign session 15) could you Judge my character? He’s a wood elf ranger who had his parents killed by goblins which fuels an intense hatred for goblins and their allies. He will never turn down the opportunity to kill them, but he doesn’t railroad the campaign into goblin killing. He does display traits of honor and a wanting to help people however he can. He’s the leader in the woods thanks to his ranger abilities and he navigates and is their elven Liason, as only one other character speaks elvish and he’s notoriously bad at communicating without getting us into trouble. He also has a mockingbird companion who he can talk to thanks to “Speak to Animals”
But consider this: Javier Baez. But really I have Nando in fantasy and he’s fun to watch, if he didn’t get hurt he would for sure be in contention.
Luck was hurt
I forgot, I’ll be back again tomorrow
In my chiefs franchise, I run a very pass heavy offense, and Tyreek Hill is a historically good WR because I leveled his speed to 99 and he’s basically sent to run Go routes. I do try and pass the ball to my RBs and Kelce, but my other WR’s are basically just glorified TEs who block for Tyreek on screens.
Could you clarify the last sentence? Do you think I should apologize because I may have been a little too harsh when I was angry at them?
0th?
It doesn’t have to make sense for it to work.
The electoral college exists to give the smaller groups a voice. Otherwise the only people who would het attention are in Chicago, The New England Megalopilous, California, The Eust Belt, and Florida
You don’t really need to jailbreak an iPhone to replicate this
Who’s your replacement for Kluber again?
I can’t throw that hard and I’m in high school. Given, I’m 5’4”
G I V E P R O S P E C T
He’s talking about Walker you jabroni
Most Chicago fans are actually pretty chill tecebg
Being trans and being gay, for the purpose of the military, are completely different things. As far as the military’s concerned, nobody’s having sex (well, nobody should be) but if you’re requiring hormonal treatments, are statistically way more likely to experience depression, and the boomers in charge aren’t sure what barracks you belong in, then you’re not an idea candidate over the millions of other people out there like ya boi, the cis male turning 18 in a couple months.
If there ever is a draft, the war will have escalated to the point where there is a nuclear power involved, and then we’ll probably be dead, MAD doctrine and all.
Didn’t they make out as the rebel base got blown open?
To add onto the comment above, teen relationships are REALLY volatile, I’ve had breakups happen very suddenly, so while some attachment is good, understand that it could end tomorrow, enjoy each day for what it is.
You think the LLWS (kids who are already preteens) are going to be ROY’s in 20 years? How many 30 year old rookies do you think there are gonna be?
Oh no I’m aware I was just joshin ya
He also aged and suffered injuries likely contributing more to his downfall than juiced balls
On the other hand, my GF (now ex) convinced me to wear my blue light glasses (I’m a gamer and I don’t want eye strain) and a beanie I got for Christmas with like a flannel and to look like a hipster, and I just wasn’t feelin it, but she said I looked cute, anyone else just not feel a fit but go along with it because other people say it looks good?
It fucked him up really bad. I feel really really bad for him, he was batting like .265 for 7 HRs or something, which would be a great season for his defensive skill, but he batted like butt after that, I feel so bad for all parties involved
And the crack of the bat happens at least 40 times a game, and can happen on at least 250 different instances.
I’m not. I’m saying it gave him a mental block because he was most certainly terrified of doing it to someone else, and likely nagged at him
Yeah, that really fucks you up in the head.
Doesn’t he play the field a little bit? As long as he’s C eligible he can be put there.
The tariffs hurt slightly in the short term, but have potential to turn out well, but the next president won’t continue them so what does it matter?
Politicians all lie.
You clearly don’t spend much time in low income areas. There are always lowlifes, but 90% of people struggling are trying to make a better life for their kids.
Hanging on the low ground gives you a stealth advantage, giving you another damage die to roll
So you believe that the fact he caused harm to someone by accident had 0 effect on his plate approach after that?
He’s said publicly he will only sign one year deals. He made a bet with a friend that if he signs a multi year deal then the friend can shoot him in the balls with a paintball gun.
I heard that two years ago, and I think it’s true, but I could have ate the onion.
Fuck off
He wasn’t even good the one year he was supposedly good.
The Addison Russel trade.
Same thing for Kirk, but he isn’t quite good enough, for the on the field part. I LIKE THAT
Talking to the bot
Strikeout machines
Not sure about Florida and specific states, but I know you can limit players from foreign nations to 0.
Darth Altuvious the Small was a Dark Lord so powerful he could use bandages to walk off Chapman.
I’d rather be responsible for the deaths of millions than ever willingly root for you
Yeah the L runs on time if I massacre millions, the bodies can’t get in the way because it’s above the ground
Well, I was born a cubs fan in 2002, and didn’t really have the attention span to give a fuck about baseball until 2015, so while I sat through the years where we trotted out Fukodome, Soriano, Junior Lake, Darwin Barney, and so many others, I didn’t really give a fuck about baseball on a day in day out basis until 2015. And if the Ricketts are clearly not going to support their team, in addition to being scummy people in general, then I’d rather support a different team who has players I genuinely like, such as Tatis, Acuña, Trout/Ohtani, Bochette/Biggio, Anderson/Jimenez, Senzel/Votto, Chapman/Olson, etc. Why would I actively spend my time supporting a half assed product to put money into the pockets of terrible people?
He’d think I’m Kinda a chad, because I actually learned how to talk to girls and shit, but also disappointed because I went and slipped into a depression, quit soccer just as I got good, didn’t have as good grades as I used to, and generally just didn’t fulfil my potential.
Cool.
He also had to compete against Tony Gwynn to do it
There’s probably been some variations made but I made tbis myself when the format was popular and forgot about it until I found it trapped loading in my uploading posts.
Doesn’t Senzel also play second and BSN spent time at 3B?
I mean, we all know the writing is on the wall for it. As much as I hate it
Literally what I did for Brewers games when I was bored summer of 2017
Humans are durable, but humans also are unbelievably strong.
Not OP but someone close to me has the exact same tube in overnight. She says she wakes up feeling full, it’s basically like you drink but it’s going directly to your stomach.
Mans looks like SCP 096
They changed the madden ranking system. 80 and above is your above average starter. MUT, though, which is what I think this is based on, has like, tons of 99 overalls because they motivate people to buy coins during the year by implementing better and better cards slowly
That’s awesome, I wish I had that level of photoshop ability. Some series to do from actual madden could be like, “legends” where it’s some of the best to never win (and some to win who maybe had big contributions.) “flashbacks” where you depict some awesome moment from survivor (the black widows getting Erik to give up immunity, for example) And maybe you even make your own series like “challenge beasts” or “social butterflies” to highlight your favorite players at a certain aspect of survivor.
I genuinely didn’t remember Sophie cuz that season was so much about all the crazy around her.
My coworker’s baby who is approx. 30 hours old was in the same room as a switch and managed to 4 stock Zero with bowser
Women can be bris. Bro speaks not to what is the gender, but if what their character is.
It’s because there isn’t too much of a difference between silvers and like, low Gold Nova, but the thing is silvers lack the gamesense and intelligence to make moves you can even predict. I’m silver elite, my friends are all GN, cuz they queue together while I solo queue and lose more often, and while we’re equally skilled, they get pissed when they queue with me and we get a silver game and people stand in the stupidest fucking spots. And it’s the same thing when I’m the silver in a higher GN game, I’ll occasionally still do stupid shit like push thru a smoke and get a 3k, because it gets them if they don’t expect it.
He was based in true mathematical equasions. And I liked his joke so I wanted to award him
I like you.
Next up Forever’s opening minute would sound really cool on a record player
If you go frame by frame you can. That’s how Soviet Womble makes his subtitles.
Hell, Kris Bryant hasn’t been the same the past few years because the guy takes 2000 swings a day for probably a decade now. His shoulder injuries are catching up to him.
Yeah I was surprised (as someone who started at Tocantins) to see Bob below Natalie W
I genuinely have thought Wendell and Glover/Gambino were each other once or twice.
Given what happened to me recently, I avoid THAT girl. 12 is too recent to invest in bitcoin for me
We do and don’t care
Fucking hated Hillary. I still believe, especially with her on trial right now, that she’s as bad of a crook as him, and definitely has blood on her hands. I also liked the idea he didn’t really give a shit and wouldn’t be a puppet for a party like a lot of presidents are. But as I’ve grown more mature and decided to research the issues and discuss things with the people I know in real life (while taking care to ignore any partisan media and twitter/reddit takes, no offense but a lot of internet users are fucking idiots, myself included) and I’ve realized that Trump serves the economic interests of people I know, but doesn’t at all align with the humanitarian views of anyone I respect. One of my main issues is that I don’t want to vote for someone who’s a racist or has raped someone, and honestly that leaves me in a very bad spot for 2020, and makes me wish that if the Dems were going to strongarm all the moderates into dropping (which they did because they don’t want Bernie in charge), that it was someone who I could respect like Buttigeg, and not someone who is everything Biden is.
I was in the same boaf
Well yeah, Denise is about that age. This is the first I’m hearing but I’d believe it
You forgot that there are 2 L’s meaning that it’s actually 2/7th of his name when you take it by unique letters. And who the fuck uses 7ths so we can round up to 2/8ths which translates to 1/4th or the 4th quarter. Check mate packers fans.
She gotta breathe tho
I’m getting out of silver within this week if I win once or twice more in a row as I’m approaching 400h, coming raw from not playing a shooter since mid 2017
I didn’t even think about that! At that point he’s making as much as some households are, and most of them have the comfort of working from home in safety!
I feel like given enough attempts there would be a timeline where Russel wins survivor Samoa and the game is completely different than it was in our timeline.
Surprised to not see Victoria from EOE, seeing as her AMA featured a TON of jokes about edibles and the like.
Obviously with the shift from the older style of play to the Idol centric era after Samoa, do you take into account players who were very successful in the old school survivor like Amber, but didn’t quite hold up as well in new school survivor? I’m not sure if you have a list planned out yet but how did you plan out old school vs new school?
I definitely agree with the first season weight, unless it’s a player like Rob or Lacina who has a wildly successful second half of their survivor career despite being a merge boot in their first season
HHH has one of the better recent casts too.
Yes i do, but it hurts the Astros the most, and fucks over their players for contracts and performance
Same thing about cars. Like a solid fuckin car in GTA or real life both just have this orgasmic feel to them.
Oh no WP is an all time great but like, madden cards have him faster than any player in the league right now and also faster and stronger too
Bucs fans gonna get PTSD if you talk about Mitch’s career day.
I wrestled 113 as a sophomore (I’m 5’4”) and I wrestled a kid who was 6’0” and it was literally like wrestling a cornstalk.
Get god of war as well
Well twitter and tik tok literally launched a campaign to order tickets and then refund them, of course they expected more people than actually came.
Turning out part 1 and 2 and call my dad are the closest to dear winter, but I think Three Thirty, Weak, and Come hang out are all pretty similar in the sort of “sadboi insecurity” feels. Edit: totally add Don’t throw out my legos to that
I don’t support him at all but I’m saying that this headline/reddit post is just trying to create a circlejerk when it was just the Zoomers exploiting an issue in their program. Think critically
Still, the point was the Zoomers intentionally inflated the expected attendees. My point was a better headline should be “Zoomers pull a fast one on Trump campaign.” Or something like that
Russell is the poster child for Chaotic Evil in alignment charts. This man does whatever the fuck he wants and I love it
Yeah I’ve been told by other people I’m s good driver, the only complain I’ve gotten was that I sometimes need to take more smooth stops at a stop sign, but my point is that mechanically, and reactively, I have good reflexes and a good sense for the road around me that has helped me avoid accidents.
It’s because kids don’t like being told that they’re being irresponsible and because I was probably an ass about how I said it.
He seemed like a good guy, I’m sure Samoa has a few decent returnee candidates, other than Russell obviously
Male Sarah looks like he’s about to do standup
If Houston had swapped over, there would have been an instance of CHI@HOU (neutral site at Miller Park) as a result of a hurricane, which lead to a no hitter iirc
Cubbies fan here, who actually likes you guys, this post was reccomended to me by mobile. Honestly if I had to guess the division would go: Twins/Reds Cards/Cubs/Sox Brewers/Indians. Royals/Tigers/Pirates The twins and reds both have very strong rosters on paper, the cards are always a threat and the cubs had a lot of players underperform who could come back in big, and their weak pitching is hurt less by the shorter schedule allowing them to push their guys a little harder, the Sox have a lot of young offensive talent. The brewers and Indians are both looking to be missing some talent, so I’m not convinced they’ll be very good. Then we have the obvious bottom feeders.
2016
Ima get downvoted for this, but am I the only one who can’t stand half this movie because Scott is just too damn unlikeable? I get the point is that he’s a shit person and so is Ramona, but I couldn’t get past the fact that Knives, Kim, and Wallace were the only people I wanted to survive?
Man I wish my inbox could get blown up every now and then
I got it for free after like 10 hours of grinding heists with my friends.
Angry douchebag
I did it in quarantine and had fun doing it, I don’t consider it lost time at all.
Jon will just wave him over.
Yeah, my friends got the game thru epic for free so they got a lot of free shit, and then we found a glitch with the arcade heist/casino heist when we get gold to get 5 million in takeaway (but now the game brings it down to the max possible money st like 3.6mil) so we abused that
He’ll look at them and he and Contreras regularly backpick guys or throw them out. I honestly think that’s a bad take on your end.
Yeah, I don’t know how old you are but I was 16 when I got a part time job and worked for 5 months to save up enough and get myself a PC and then it’s all set for me.
I can definitely understand it and I’m glad that you were able to vent your feelings and frustrations. It’s normal to be upset when your rewards are taken, but since you’re obviously a pretty smart person and it seems like you have a good future in store for you, I don’t think it’s smart to leave the house just yet or end it all. I’ve been in a similar situation to you when it comes to contemplating Ending it, and I can truthfully say that it does get better. We go through hard times but at the end of the storm there’s a rainbow. You’ll find that you experience a lot more freedom in the years to come, and you also learn the satisfying feeling of working and seeing all the things you’ve spent time on coming to earn you money. I started to work full time recently this summer before I start my final year of school, and it’s really satisfying to know you’re earning money each day at work and it makes it feel much more fulfilling than school work does in contrast. Keep pushing, because you’re about to reach a way better part of your life!
Even if you aren’t smart you’re clearly very driven! It takes a lot of dedication to work hard late into the night! If you ever have any worries, just send me a message!
so im a fuckin idiot, care to explain this joke?
Never would have expected that but it’s dope as hell.
