Actually it was our 2nd, since we had an opportunity last Saints game... Played like dogshit then too...
Need to have Romo move to Monday nights so we can all see him.
Read something about Denver firing their coach, Del Rio to Denver?
Instructions unclear, dick now stuck in solid object.
Our last Seattle game was home last year, and our last Lions game was in Detroit this year, why not rotate sites?
You're right, my bad.
Sub divisions of NFL teams used in /r/NFL... ELOE are the traditional powerhouse teams. They also subdivide all the bird and cat teams respectively.
Since his last game in Atlanta?
That looks like it could've been the case. I was in town visiting for a wedding, and the smoke looked off in the distance toward the wineries. I didn't know where to go for info, thanks for that.
Number 6 is so ingrained that I couldn't help from shouting it at a wedding when the brass band was playing "When the saints go marching in"
The groom and bride are in the know, the hatred runs deep.
Just spent 2 hours in the security line there this morning. While different from a passengers pov, I'm totally amazed at how efficient and overwhelmed they were at the same time.
What types of things are you into? There are numbers of intramural sports leagues like trisports, several different Meetup groups, and a variety of bars and music that can pique your interest.
Did they fix Exodus Down? I just played it, and Thaviks would still disappear, but reappeared every 10 seconds it so, it actually seemed like he was around more than he was gone.
A friend was in Vegas last March, missed it on laying it at 18/1 for me, I got my chance in August when we were slumping at 6/1. Worked out nicely.
I just got a 6 month subscription with my vehicle, it expired Jan 1, and they mailed me an offer to subscribe for 6 more.
Very common after performing a kernel update, either install the updated kmods package that goes with your new kernel, or reboot into your old kernel where they are installed and launch vbox.
Reboot, when the grub screen comes up it has a 3-5 seconds where you can use the arrow keys, the most recent is at the top, just drop down one on the list and press enter. Try to run VB once logged in.
It's only in effect in rural Oregon counties, larger population counties still require attendant services.
My truck coasted off the interstate during snowy/icy conditions on Christmas Eve morning a few years ago. My back tires only spun in the mud/snow. A silver Rolls Royce pulls off the side of the road, two guys in long black winter coats, gloves, hats, got out, and asked if I needed a push. We got it back up in the roadway, they wished me a Merry Christmas and drove on down the road.
Google wrote in their blog that they performance penalty was highly dependent on the code being executed and for most general operations the impact was negligible.
https://security.googleblog.com/2018/01/more-details-about-mitigations-for-cpu_4.html No numbers in the blog post but an excellent explanation.
"Thank you for shopping Eververse guardian." You say that like we had a choice in the matter.
We did have to win 4 straight to close the season to make that happen including 3 rivalry games, 2 on the road, and when the going got tough, we got it done.
Damn!
Back, and to the left... Back... And to the left... Back.
The offsides is a penalty that takes place before the snap, thus the previous play was still in effect. Edit: How get downvoted for quoting the referee?
Freeman good, but the only reason he got his TD earlier is because Mack picked him up and carried him across the line like a sack of potatoes.
Check out local bike shops, I got mine as a refurbished model from their previous rental fleet, new the bike was 1600, I got it for 650.
Are they bleeping his name during the German broadcast?
I can join with my Titan, never cleared on that class, plenty if other clears though. PSN: Bob_Ghengis_Khan
Never cleared with my Titan, but have with others, ok to join? Bob_Ghengis_Khan
The scoreboard trying to freeze the kicker with the froyo ad.
The "Blake Bortles Facts" dude is probably losing his mind, he's closing in on that all time rushing mark.
Jag-wires... Jag-wars... Jag-u-wars... This is worse than Louisville.
This was me in the ATL airport on Weds rocking my Olsen jersey.
I don't mind them doing it as much as they want and losing. :)
Jag defense so hungry, they sacking themselves.
Bortles putting up Cam Newton numbers. Rushing &gt; Passing.
Cam did it and ran for a touchdown... :)
Fuck the Saints! (I've got practice saying that recently.)
I was cheering for the jags on behalf of my brother, we both got into watching nfl at the same time, and each picked an expansion team to follow.
Don't you put that evil on us, Ricky Bobby.
Which one?!?
They just showed 2 graphics dedicated to how you've improved since last year, and how you've got the likely DROTY.
You don't talk much, do you?
Breaking... Officials targeting defenders #26!
He's a pro wrestler now.
I heard a whistle at 00, I think Cam did too, because he hesitated.
Why the commentators always like, he hasn't missed from here, oh wide right...
Speedy receivers that can catch... What a novel idea.
Winner of this game plays the Vikings.
We hoped the answer was in Samuel and Byrd, but unfortunately they both hurt.
Challengers Readdddy! Gladiators Readdddy!
Both of us buddy.
It happens after a national disaster, or as your QB approaches 40.
If we can just get it close at the half, go in, make some adjustments... What the hell am I even saying?!?
Turf monster! Still better than that Coliseum field yesterday.
Emerging from the locker room tells a story, we slogging out and the saints are skipping like schoolgirls.
Mariota showed us that he could play QB, WR, OT, and Coordinator... Why is Cam slacking?
Talking like that can get you in trouble.
76 Saints
Knew it was 3rd down, trying to make something happen.
Coke zero sugar?
Like Ted Ginn... 😂
I don't know, Ron hasn't gone for it on anything more than inches that much this year.
Both teams breaking records!
What the hell is that thing?
3-3, 35 yard bomb...
"Haven't sacked him yet." Cue the Turf Monster!
What was that whooping sound as they cut to commercial?
Strahan did, after he forgot he picked us.
NFL's favorite pastime, hits to Cam's head.
You sound like you believe that...
"He's got getting away from the Saints speed!"
No choice, we'll always try and go long field.
Sandstorm - Darude
No long play on 3.
At least Ron showing some emotion with the "Damn!"
I trust Payton as far as I could throw him, look for the fake punt!
Need a video of that.
What is a catch anyways?!?
Oh my God!
Way to hold on to it Saints... If we had brought our A-game in the redzone it would be a totally different game. Still, I don't mind losing a good game, I just didn't want to watch a shitshow. Good luck you you guys.
Not the outcome I wanted, but hard to do much better as beaten up as we are, we had a shot, just couldn't get over the top. Perhaps our new owner will invest in some WR and Secondary help...
Saints dropped last week's game on purpose. As soon as the Rams lost, they dropped it to keep the 4 seed and us.
Yes, he was at a sports bar in Vegas.
So I'm an Astros fan as well, since before the panthers were a thing, i know the long wait feel, I thought it might be too much to hope for a WS and SB in one year, but one can dream.
That's total estimated net worth, he'd have to liquidate a lot. I heard he only had about 250mil disposable.
I mean the NFL head office called in to ensure it was enforced correctly, so I doubt we would've won a challenge, even if applicable, since it was inside of 2 mins and we were out of TOs. Still though, we got a ball into our receivers hands in the endzone on the next play, and still didn't come away with it.
[Tom Brady Losing](http://gif.mocksession.com/wp-content/uploads/2012/09/TOM-BRADY-FUCK-YOU-BITCHES.gif)
I still think the hit wasn't as hard as they supposed because he was still pretty sharp on the last two drives. I lean more towards him actually getting poked in the eye and not being able to see briefly.
"Through more purchases at Eververse you can assist our development team with their staffing issues and help bring this window down to 2 weeks."
Now we just need a Sarah Mclachlan song and a commercial.
We did it guys, even the threat of flying the banner worked!
Neopotism?
Quickstart guide for ovirt here: https://www.ovirt.org/documentation/quickstart/quickstart-guide/
I've said this to everyone that I've run into the last 2 days bitching about the grounding call costing us the game. If we didn't spend our 5 redzone trips netting 3 field goals, we wouldn't have had a problem at all.
My wife calls down, asks me to help put my daughter to bed, and I'm like, ok. PS4 off.
Seahawks have announced they are interviewing Mike Shula, were awaiting for him to become available.
At 0:44 I've got Austin vs Ahmed Johnson, Sid vs Undertaker, and Bret vs Brian Pillman?
In about 5 billion years. It's very unlikely that we, as humans, in our current form, will be around to witness that.
5 I most definitely agree with, but 6 is still supported til 2020. Some people may also have inherited legacy infrastructure and could find the info helpful.
I modified this from default_volume_type= &lt;None&gt; (commented out) to tripleo_ceph and restarted the cinder volume service on all 3 nodes and still a default volume create goes to my sata pool, thoughts? [stack@rhel-osp ~]$ openstack volume create --size 10 test2 +---------------------+--------------------------------------+ | Field | Value | +---------------------+--------------------------------------+ | attachments | [] | | availability_zone | nova | | bootable | false | | consistencygroup_id | None | | created_at | 2018-01-12T15:11:04.666481 | | description | None | | encrypted | False | | id | 554d0c3c-f257-461c-9e69-4dbbfdee7266 | | migration_status | None | | multiattach | False | | name | test2 | | properties | | | replication_status | None | | size | 10 | | snapshot_id | None | | source_volid | None | | status | creating | | type | None | | updated_at | None | | user_id | c030b8e969104655a9c0dedee5e0fb09 | +---------------------+--------------------------------------+ [stack@rhel-osp ~]$ openstack volume list +--------------------------------------+--------------+-----------+------+-------------------------------+ | ID | Display Name | Status | Size | Attached to | +--------------------------------------+--------------+-----------+------+-------------------------------+ | 554d0c3c-f257-461c-9e69-4dbbfdee7266 | test2 | available | 10 | +--------------------------------------+--------------+-----------+------+-------------------------------+ [stack@rhel-osp ~]$ openstack volume show 554d0c3c-f257-461c-9e69-4dbbfdee7266 +--------------------------------+--------------------------------------+ | Field | Value | +--------------------------------+--------------------------------------+ | attachments | [] | | availability_zone | nova | | bootable | false | | consistencygroup_id | None | | created_at | 2018-01-12T15:11:04.000000 | | description | None | | encrypted | False | | id | 554d0c3c-f257-461c-9e69-4dbbfdee7266 | | migration_status | None | | multiattach | False | | name | test2 | | os-vol-host-attr:host | hostgroup@sata#sata | | os-vol-mig-status-attr:migstat | None | | os-vol-mig-status-attr:name_id | None | | os-vol-tenant-attr:tenant_id | cc999caac35e405a8bb70d154d4295b6 | | properties | | | replication_status | None | | size | 10 | | snapshot_id | None | | source_volid | None | | status | available | | type | None | | updated_at | 2018-01-12T15:10:44.000000 | | user_id | c030b8e969104655a9c0dedee5e0fb09 | +--------------------------------+--------------------------------------+
We already had the other 2.
Hey man, thanks for getting back, so yeah this actually led me to discover a greater problem in my deployment that I've spent the entire day trying to resolve. Apparently the cinder services were not restarted earlier as expected due to a hangup I had in pacemaker and the volume/backup services running there. I am happy to say that everything seems to work great now. Thank you for all your help.
I would do centos, self hosted engine install and ensure your hosted_storage domain is mounted from your storage server. Set the two nodes up as a two node cluster.
No, in fact I'd go node-ng, sorry I misunderstood your question, and was suggesting to go centos instead of rhel.
bob_ghengis_khan
Thank you for calling Delta, if you like you can receive a call back in greater than 2 hours, you will not lose your place in line, and we will call you back in greater than 2 hours.
My last flight had me rebooked on a 7am before my flight even touched down because we missed our connection due to a 3 hour mechanical delay.
They didn't edit the boos to cheers, interesting.
@NBC, the use of "Going the Distance" there was awesome.
bob_ghengis_khan, a few clears under my belt.
Did I miss something reading the article? I saw them talk about signing Star as a FA, but didn't see anything about Luke other than the photo at the top.
3-28 you say...
Breaks away, hell they're scared to shit the refs will flag them for touching him near the sideline!
Not the first time today.
I need a Tomlin screaming gif.
One time, 2 series ago, they mentioned it was their first time today.
Cheeseburgers.
Started out 21-0 jags, aside from 3-4 amazing touchdown tosses, Pittsburgh couldn't hardly move the ball, though I saw 4 I believe 4th down conversions, which kept the game exciting.
Lattimore riding him like a horse, and still couldn't stop him!
Redman, Kodiak, Skoal!
Miracle in Minneapolis!
Need Case Keenum Surprise Gif!
Happened a few years ago, the other team refused to come back.
My wife came downstairs to check on me.
I've always scp'd my iso to the manager or hosted engine vm, and then ran uploader against localhost.
Unfortunately, the OT rule was written expressedly that way, if the game ends in regulation they must complete the PAT by rule.
Kneed it yesterday.
There was one in my home town too, always wanted a house on that stretch.
I use DC villains. More than once someone new in security has seen active ssh connections from user@darkseid and started freaking out.
I have a co-worker with a Mac, and he tends to just open the vnc text file, get the address/port and type them into his regular vnc client.
Wonder if he'd lose that one too?
Same to buying these things directly with silver or dust instead of random engrams. First week of Osiris I spent my dust on the Timely Dance, because I love Rocky Horror. Being able to choose what you want and buy it outright is just a given. On the wrestling note, I want the HH hand to ear emote, and a suckit emote.
...no chance in Hell!
Revenent was the bomb until SuperBlack came out.
My daughter was born in early December, as such we didn't travel to see family for Christmas, we decided to make our trip this weekend, in February. Saw the forecast for snow, so decided not to go the Asheville route on I-40, but up through Virginia. We went over the bulk of the snow. Imagine my surprise, arriving in Kentucky, and reading in the local paper about Raleigh and Durham and seeing that photo, and the hotel up on I-85 that opened it's rooms for free to all the people stuck on the interstate.
I just spent the last 20 mins trying to push out 2 stranded neighbors who are essential staff at Duke Hospital, got them both going together in one vehicle.
Sounds like something you'd find on an Oregon Trail tombstone.
Are the clusters managed by the same hosted_engine?
I think then with two separate masters, export/import is your only option.
Taking bets right now on first to arrive: Fun/Enjoyable version of D2 to Play. FFVII Remake.
You could have both clusters under a single defined data center under one engine. Problem is that you can't mix 3x and 4x nodes, or el7 and el6 nodes. Creating a pivot cluster upgrading and hot-migrating guests is how I strive for NDU upgrades.
This episode has made me really uncomfortable.
When you're running down to first, and your pants about to burst...
VMWare did the same thing with their first round of patches, waiting on firmware microcode from hardware vendors.
I introduce my daughter to Maui and have him sing to her.
bob_ghengis_khan
bob_ghengis_khan
Man they're really buying into this whole last team to beat the Bears thing huh?
Nance: could be a facemask. Replay, barely touched him on back...
I was like, Lewis doesn't seem to know what he's doing... Ohhhhh.
Hold at will. FTFY
"That's it boys, Commish said to swallow the whistles."
Just keep putting him on his bottom.
No passes...
I just turned on the game, like what the hell is happening?
[Like this one?](https://twitter.com/ESPNStatsInfo/status/828459362737852416?s=09)
We had one game earlier this season where we ran the clock out at 1:24 with 2 timeouts, near our 40... I mean, try for the 25 yards and the long FG, at least try...
There was this Titan yesterday during this event that kept shooting the little blights, and myself and 3 other Guardians kept punching him and doing the "no" head shake at him and he punched us back and kept shooting the little little blights.
My daughter asked where the "Thundertakers" lightning was...
I work in IT, often at a desk 10-12 hours a day anyways, when I want to relax I don't want to be there.
Not OP, but how do I get my wife on split screen 2nd controller to play COD: WW2? I couldn't even run a local match with bots for fun.
When it comes to supporting which team for the SB, my mind was made up by the fans in attendance at the Thursday night game vs the Eagles.
If I hadn't had personal experience with people cheering for Luke leaving the field injured, or people not cheering for a great play their team made, but instead choosing to scream obscenities at the local fans sitting around them, then yeah. I'd like to say this was just one jerk I encountered in the stadium, but there were just so many of them. I've been to rivalry games where both falcons and saints fans were much nicer, even when losing...
If they want a campus, they'll probably grab a few of the vacant IBM buildings off of Cornwallis.
You can run a dnf remove on the qbs-1.10 and see if there are other departments in your system, if not, remove it and install qbs-1.09 as required by qt.
Sounds like a blast, and it's not far from my house either. Need to see what the schedule allows for and if I can arrange a sitter.
I did that too, ended up sharing the area another blueberry Titan, I would smash, he'd gobble my orbs, he'd smash, I'd gobble his orbs, whole grind took like 20 mins.
Only if he can beat Santinos record, and gets taunted in return.
I went this afternoon, just hadn't made it out, the theatre, while a small theatre, it was 3/4, mostly older people, probably were drawn in by the oscar buzz.
That's only when the camera does a slow-pan, if it's stationary, they are as blind as we are.
The optimist in me wants to hold out for there to be a buried secret somewhere here, and that it'll never be found naturally due to the player base dwindling. Even now, if it we're to exist, and if they were to leak it, like the secret room in Arkham Asylum, would people be engaged at all to return to find it?
I really liked 35 in Chapel Hill, but it closed when they rennovated University Place a few years back. There's one near the old On The Border and Bojangles on 15-501 which is where we've gone the last few times. To tell you the truth I haven't done much buffet food for a while.
So if you're taking your regular prenatal supplements, then... um... Yeah we have no ground to stand on.
Speaking of, is Alexa legit 5'0" or is it a reverse Andre situation?
205 Commish?
Shinsuke stays on SD and goes after AJ, RR wins EC and goes after Brock.
Brock's pecks are especially saggy this evening.
Alexa "Iron Man" vs Sasha "Wonder Woman"
Sasha corner kicks weak...
Botch? It happened quickly and suddenly, and the way she tumbled, I thought she was looking to catch the ropes.
Is Carmella the women's Heath Slater?
They're in the briefcase.
I filed a bug report with them, they updated that it has been reported before, but no ETA on a resolution.
I was thinking time-share.
I'm on a call with RH right now, and when they announced it like 30 mins ago, the whole group cheered... :)
Hawthorn many years in the future after she converts to an exo, uses vex tech to journey back to a point in time to assist us with a greater threat.
Yeah, but I'd assume with the Traveller now awake and a 2nd Golden beginning, that technology may be uncovered again.
bob_ghengis_khan, no completions, but know the mechanics.
[Watch This](https://youtu.be/d1Xh748wX2w) The thought was that it was supposed to be a draw, with both going through tables simultaneously, note the ref checking outside the ring before calling for the bell. Sheamus' table didn't break, so he won.
Second this, I see Josey downtown for sports massage after my races, she's the bomb.
Are you cleanly unmounting the share in client end before the server reboot? If you are just stripping out the server connection then that can cause the client become confused.
In the case of an unexpected server outage, and nfsv4, I believe you will need to umout and remount once the server is restored to working order.
Can you confirm on the client end that it can perform successful lookups on the user accounts those files belong to?
I've got family coming up from TX very psyched for the opener against Dallas, that could be fun. You scratched 12/16 both for holidays, but I think SEA, and ATL are both likely to be rocking games.
https://goo.gl/maps/3wMBwEhWSLP2
I actually do wish there was a way to report players publicly.
Hillbilly Jim
Which version of Ontap are you running, the main ansible modules for NetApp were written based on 8.3.
NFS is the preferred supported driver for persistent storage for OpenShift. Ideally a file-based solution would be the best fit considering that's what we are dealing with here with basic images and dockerfiles. With CephFS in Tech Preview until recently, I think GFS was settled on as the de facto preferred standard until more details iron out. Edit: Out of date information.
Taken King had the April Update.
Our Lord and savior, Rick Rubin?
For school security concerns they are no longer considered public access.
Used to use the track at Duke all the time when it was still on the football field. There were a ton of people on the track and steps at Wallace Wade. I haven't been since they moved it and made the new track and field facility.
Line 1276 defines his auth url in a deprecated section, but all of the other related values nearby are commented out. auth_url = http://controller:5000 No admin name or password, so the conf likely has it trying to talk legacy auth, but the creds aren't present.
"I bet Bungie an entire bottle of hot sauce that I couldn't get you to say more than two words." "You lose."
I was going for [Calvin Coolidge](http://www.historybyzim.com/2015/02/coolidge-you-lose/), but Donnie Brasco rocks.
Master Choi's tae-kwon-do near South point starts at age 3 if I recall correctly. It's been a few years, but he's very good with kids.
Need a loudspeaker proclaiming they are now baptised into the Catholic faith, really scare them.
The time gate is definitely my issue, I was able to grind a few hours on Tuesday, but got on a plane Weds for work and just got home yesterday. I'm sure I'll pull it out over the course of the season, but it doesn't feel good, to feel this far behind.
I got back into running this year, did a 5 mile last weekend and held an 11 min pace, which was my goal. I'm starting to chip at it slowly, but I know I'll get it knocked out eventually.
Same for the Durham dump off East Club if you are closer.
Just to help out, there are 2 Eno Parks: Eno River State Park, and West Point on the Eno (City Park), the better hiking is at the first one. As for local attractions, they did give you some great suggestions. Maybe after your pizza you can walk around the block and grab some ice cream at The Parlour as well.
Totally missed that, thanks.
Just to help out, there are 2 Eno Parks: Eno River State Park, and West Point on the Eno (City Park), the better hiking is at the first one. As for local attractions, they did give you some great suggestions. Maybe after your pizza you can walk around the block and grab some ice cream at The Parlour as well.
Aim Assist Off?
"Not even a million deaths are enough for Master Rahool!"
"So Zavala, when you told our guardian friend here, I need Cayde... did you really mean it?" "..."
Thanks for nailing it, in my case lazy memory won out. It would be nice if we could replay story missions on demand. Maybe it wouldn't have been so fuzzy.
When he gets shocked. "I'm never leaving your backpack again." He also says something in the D2 story about Failsafe having a whole ship, while he lives in our backpack.
I'm trying to figure out how events in 1984 work in the setting of the current movies, since she tells Bruce that she went into hiding 100 years ago after WW1... That is... ... Dammit Barry!
How? The movie starts with her getting the old photo from Bruce. She remembers how she met Steve, how she was disillusioned with mankind after WW1, and after remembering it all, and that it's worth fighting for, she comes out on the rooftop at the end and flys off.
You want your hosted_stirage domain to be on NFS, and mounted from a source, external to any of your ovirt nodes. Having it hosted on an ovirt node creates a single point if failure for your entire environment, and leaves the virtual manager VM unable to start on any other nodes. Your other virtual guests will be running, but you cannot manage them.
Yeah, it's just really ugly.
Most of the area going south of the mall is tree lined, except for a little area near Herndon Park. If you don't want to jog the giant hill near the mall, driving over and parking at the old HH Gregg is a good place to start. As another person said, parking at the trail access lot on 54/Fayetteville near Bull City Running, starts you exactly 6.5 miles from downtown a great half distance if you feel like giving it an out and back. I've never felt unsafe jogging on the trail by myself during the day time, but I mostly bike a lap downtown and back that makes up 15 miles or so.
I hate to say it dude, but that is a major risk you run by utilizing community supported software. There's extreme value in it, but oftentimes when it comes to support and debugging you are left holding the bag. The official oVirt IRC channel might be a good place to look for help, beyond the official oVirt documentation.
I handed in my flashpoint this morning and he said something you the effect of: "I wish I could get out of here, maybe get back out to the Reef again."
So you will either need to retake your NCDA exam before/after your current certification expires to extend it. If you happen to take and pass one of the NCIE exams while your NCDA is still valid, it will re-up it as well.
I mean... it could've been Rikishi...
Do we need to wait for Disney to buy Fox before we can have a Franklin Richards vs Jack-Jack showoff.
I don't know if it's a rights issue, I know for sure my DVD from a long time ago is still the Rufus Wainright version, but there is a definite difference in the version on Netflix currently and the Rufus Wainright version on Google Play.
No PSN problems today, but Activition servers were down for about an hour around 10am.
My problem is that if there are cosmetic items I want, I should just be able to buy them outright, I shouldn't have to gamble at a chance to get them and keep throwing money at that.
The sheer number of people jumping and gliding all around the map during heroics yesterday, with Grounded on... I'd say I'm dying... But it was them, they were dying, and I had to keep picking them up.
Will Of Thousands sucks too because he makes the turf turn purple and pops you up... wham, instakill.
You should just be able to create the lacp bond on each hypervisors, and create logical networks from there, under the network tab and tag the appropriate vlan. It'll handle everything via ovirt network bridge and vdsm.
Our local bike store has an annual sale where they refurb and sell off their rental fleet. I got a nice road bike, 3 years old for ~500, brand new retail was 1750.
My understanding was that was part of the food truck explosion in Durham a few years back. In order to get a license to operate you had to show a business plan that would establish a brick and mortar location within 5 years.
Brailies, The Social.
The downtown YMCA pool would be great, you can even practice laps in the one or two lanes in the kids pool, but often people doing laps in the larger pool during the hours you mention.
Drops it to Asuka when he finds ball punch remarkably ineffective.
That, but I want to know what type of jobs they had to afford that house and that many kids in suburban Chicago.
Star Wars: Rebel Assault 2 came with my PS1. I got Crash Bandicoot and Twisted Metal the next day.
My problem is that I have 38/40, and I don't know which two im missing or which of all 38 I have.
Why did you say that name?!?!
Hearing Zavala laugh as he tries to say it makes my day.
No it doesn't necessarily.
Sane sales on MLK and Southpoint Crossing, but all frozen foods, sandwich meats, are practically gone.
I was 10 in 1993, my brother 9, when the Panthers and Jaguars were announced. We each picked a new team to root for against our uncle's and and have both been loyal every since. Once we got old enough we started scheduling regular brother games when the two teams meet.
I've seen a storage vmotion storm lead to a filling and overflow of snapshots reserve, as all of the deltas from the now "missing" machines were retained in the snapshots. Of course once the snaps rotate off, the volume looks normal.
Unfortunately VMWare desktop products, (workstation/fusion) are the only ones supported for NetApp Sims.
Makes me think of Ronny Cox playing Dick Jones in RoboCop, I was always making the Dick Cox jokes.
I'm trying to get through this as well, Bob_Ghengis_Khan, 592 Hunter
They have a Proof of Concept lab, but I don't know the specifics of making arrangements. May want to talk your sales team to see how to go about it.
Wait, 2 good defensive sequences... What team is this?!?
Bye Barner! Edit: Shit.
Tampa really really wants to give us this game.
I've been dealing with a sick baby, and in and out of the room, when did Ron take over?
I met with my family over Thanksgiving weekend, my dad mentioned that Cam wasn't doing too hot, and I mentioned his stats, and he looked at me confused, and asked how we were losing.
Ok... Fire Everybody!
Is this where Ron gets back to Charlotte, tells Tepper that he's relieved Washington, and then finds out that that's not good enough?
The 2nd one stood out in this game, it wasn't a tipped ball out of a receivers hand like the 1st one. It wasn't like the 3rd/4th one where he was literally getting mauled by defenders and hung it up short. The 2nd one, the Panthers had a good drive moving down the field pretty well, and with hardly any pressure and a wide open throwing lane, he leaned it right to a red jersey.
Better not Google that...
Um, was there a legal tag there?
A few years back, I'd made it work with VirtualBox myself, but the next update I did broke it. I went through that 1-2 cycles and gave up on it.
I literally got my first two "dropped" exotics on Sunday off this week. I've yet to use either of them.
He was elected on the 1960 ticket with Kennedy. And he did win his own single term in 1964. As he had only served 1 year of Kennedy's term, he was eligble to run again in 1968 but decided not to.
To be fair, was he really going to beat Bobby Kennedy? Americans were so enamored with the Kennedy/Camelot storyline, and JFK's murder was still very fresh in everyone's mind. Considering that the convention system was very different back then and only a portion of states held primaries, the party itself picked it's chosen nominee and followed Johnson's lead with Humphrey. Had Robert Kennedy not been killed himself, he may have had the momentum to secure the nomination, but at the time of his death, he was trailing Humprey due to the states that awarded delegates based on the local political parties, and not primaries.
Theres something about the words Tess and backdoor in the same sentence...
Meh, lesser teams.
Max Rebo plays Jabbas palace, Figerin Dan and his band play in the Mos Eisley cantina.
There's some teenagers that come around my neighborhood, don't for $20 a driveway, $5 sidewalk. They make a killing.
Steelers game flashback?
Is there something like breaking a seal on exotics? I hadn't gotten any since Forsaken dropped except quest based, then I got one drop from my first Last Wish run last weekend, and have had 4 Forsaken exotics drop since.
In HVF, had a few brief blips today, and a brownouts or two, but as of writing we are good.
"We couldn't tell which one of the Eagles recovered the ball, Troy, can you help us out?"
I was helping a friend catch up his awoken talisman and we farmed Sanctum of Bones for Taken. Noted after clearing it each time, new blights appeared on the ground floor. Seemed out of place, but don't know what exactly it is.
I was kind of hoping we wouldn't see D3 until next gen console launch, that would put it square in the early/mid 2020 frame if the PS5 rumors are true.
The modern red/blue colorization for the political parties in the USA only came into commonality during the elections of the 1970s. Introduced by CBS, initially they used Blue for conservative (Tory Blue) and red for liberal (Communist), in 1984 ABC started using (R)ed for (R)eagan, CBS followed in the 1990 election, NBC didn't follow suit until the 2000 election. [Source](https://youtu.be/lgz3p4cEXZU)
I had this problem back when I was a spectrum customer, it worked wonders switching to googDNS.
Got one last ice cold Coke before he met his maker too.
I think the only place I've seen Tab referenced in film was BttF. In Die Hard, they opened him a can of [Coke](https://imgur.com/a/yGJO0RJ) Although, it does look like they poured it into an iceless glass.
Happened to me several times yesterday, never really disconnected.
5 matches, no more, no less. That is, unless I forget to pick up a clan bounty, which always happens because Hawthorne is on the ass-end of the tower, then I have to do a few more.
Last year the double down in chapel Hill was a bit more organized, the 4 mile run started 30 mins before the 10 miler, with double downers in front, when you finished the 4, you had a little 200 yard jaunt back to the starting line, where you were around the last of the 10 milers taking off. Rock n Roll Raleigh is now cancelled, and they have a new race coming, "Sir Walter Half".
Running of the Bulls 8k through Durham is one of my faves, a nice 5 miles with a few hills through downtown Durham.
I've had two customers in the past that had enabled vscan at the filer level. Depending on your network stability, and the number of files being opened simultaneously it can take a few additional seconds to open files from the share as they are scanned on access. One of the clients had the vscan server crash, and attempts to open files failed because they couldn't be scanned. For a simple cifs share as you're suggesting, I would rely on client t side AV as you suggested to your boss.
I think the issue is when 50-100 people call your help desk and talk about how slow the server is this morning, it creates other "political" problems. A snap restore for an infected volume is near instantaneous. Still the chance of data loss is there if there are files newly created since the last snap, so I'd have to spend the weekend sorting that out as well. Still, I feel client side is the best way to go.
Don't you call that baby hippo an ogre, she's cute!
Or what they are used to, too. Almost all animated shows on TV are the same animation style these days. It's like color vs b&amp;w TV for my generation, so many great movies that I didn't catch up on til I was in my 30s. They were previously ignored simply because they were b&amp;w. I still struggle to get my brother to watch some films
I really really want a hair match between these two. Awesome wrestling, with *everything* on the line!
The default RHV install is now to perform this via cockpit, instead of the hosted engine setup scripts, should be the default from 4.1 onward.
I wrote to him two years ago. I got a standard form letter showing how little he: a) understood the issue, b) was willing to learn about the issue, c) or just plain gave a crap. The TWC pockets were too deep.
I heard you on the wireless, back in '52...
Is it shrine? I've read it as shine. Man my TV is crappy.
I've been rocking Burnished Orchid on everything for my Hunter.
Or you could have that one student that submits a paper that is copied directly from one that the professor co-authored.
It's a device to help prevent concussions. It pinches the neck tight, causes the head to swell a bit and provides a bit of natural cushion. Started wearing it after the scares a few years back.
He's been off/on hurt all season, but nothing in the leg area that I've heard about.
I'm as giddy as a school boy, I hope it lasts.
Not to sound like John Madden, but if the Panthers keep scoring touchdowns, and the Saints keep scoring field goals, the Panthers might win this game.
Yeah, he's been KK since we've had him with us.
I wonder if ESPN had a broadcast on ESPN2 without commentary, how much higher the ratings would be?
We've actually been severely limited on having Cam run to pick up 1 this year, we've done it extremely sparingly, and it hasn't worked out the way you think it would.
Thigh... Left hand... Meh.
I started thinking about all the scenarios, where it wouldn't work, like maybe we only score TDs, but only 1 more, and you guys kick 4 more FGs... I would be sad.
More storage in the trunk than in her carpet bag, I'll tell ya what.
Yeah.
Cam's arm is not ok, I don't care what he says.
They've done that to us quite a few times in the past few years. Saints in 2013, and Falcons in 2015 had 2 games in 3 weeks each time.
And Cam's lack of arm strength bites us again.
Nelly is performing live in the stadium.
Got nothing on the teams vying to give up a chance at the 6th seed. :)
Was he out on the catch?
Wait, we made it to the line with enough time to call an audible... What is happening?
I think the buy your wife a Lexus without her knowing commercial is worse. You're not taking out a line of credit for 30-50k without running it by her, or you've that that much disposable cash?!?
Random drug test coming in for Eric Reid.
It's Sean Payton's game plan, give us a false glimmer of hope, crush us in the dome in 2 weeks... Enjoy panther tears...
There's his arm, there's the ball, let's mark it at his waist.
Well shit!
Panthers get momentum, floaty interception! Panthers get momentum, fumble!!!!
Panthers season summed up in one play.
Don't give up on us yet...
Because it would be our last challenge, and the way this game has been officiated we might really need it, instead of having a 3 and inches they would probably pick up anyways.
♫♫♫ "When I see an elephant flyyyyyy!" ♫♫♫
It's like we broke the refs with the previous challenge, they had to get a bad spot in somewhere.
"Answer Uncertain"
If Watson's wasn't when he took a step, that sure as heck wasn't.
Winterfresh, apparently he suffers from chronic dry mouth, it helps him so he can speak during the game.
Saints didn't convert 2, Brees threw it right to Donte Jackson who returned it 97 yards for 2 points.
Hail Darkseid!
F
I was like, that better not be on Reid, they threw the flags before he made contact.
Kamara running into a standing brick wall?
As someone who gave up drinking almost 5 years ago, the Steelers game almost tipped me over, this at least has been interesting if not crappy football.
"My Leg!"
Not at all, I didn't have a problem or anything, I gave it up by choice when my daughter was born, then realized I really didn't miss it. Lost like 25 lbs too.
What in past 3 quarters leads you to believe we're capable of scoring another TD?
Just slightly over pursued when he made that quick pivot back inside.
"Are you not entertained?!?"
Let's make something happen here, I'm ready, for good or ill.
Holy crap we clocked a ball!
We don't deserve the playoffs after our performance the last 6 weeks... Looking at this game, I'd argue neither team wants to play in the playoffs.
Yes, been really hurt since like week 3, the bye loosened him up a bit, but it started bothering him again in the Lions game, just couldn't put any force on the ball.
Just hope there's not a scoring adjustment overnight, I've had that happen to me in a playoff once.
Literally our last 3 two min drills have been that way, I was surprised we clocked the ball when we did.
I wouldn't be surprised if we shut him down tomorrow, and go with Heinike the final two weeks, no matter what the official team answer is.
Dan Radez has a great book "OpenStack Essentials" the book is slightly dated now considering the rapid release cycle of the OpenStack project, it is "Newton" timeframe which is OSP10 in Red Hat speak. It will help you familiarize yourself with the main projects, and walk you through both a packstack demo so you can lab some stuff out. Best of luck man.
The game against Princeton last week had some tickets in the 150-180 range, on the Sunday, just two days before. A lot of times the ticket price and the perception of the opponent go hand in hand.
I think it would be awesome, I miss the seafood burritos from my time in Wilmington.
Bret Hart lost a match, got his leg kicked out of his leg, and managed to limp to the ring and co-win the rumble.
What if this is it, LeBron leads the Tune Squad against DPRK (Moron Mountain) and Swackhammer (KJU) for the freedom of the world. KJU uses his magical Kim powers to steal talent from the greatest basketball players of the 1960s and 70s, since the kingdom is kind of stuck there, and proceed to play the game of the century.
That was a real bomb? There are some sick people in this world, sick!
When all 3 running something different, then player 2 switches to match player 1, then before the boss player 1 switches to match player 3. Player 2 gets screwed.
🎵The sky was all purple, there were people running everywhere.🎵
Now I think I know what my daddy meant, when he sang about a lost highway.
Broke it off, O F F, off.
I've said it before, to his benefit he did throw the winning touchdown pass.
It's a bar stool, I got it at Guitar Center about 10 years ago.
The mugs were gifts, we had just opened them, I took a shot to show my brother.
I think that's the Panthers/Falcons game.
Chair was nearby, grabbed it, set up the mugs, took photo.
Man I hate to see what you think of me. :)
Yeah, don't know exactly, they are correcting the order and sending us new ones, but this was just a pretty awesome screw up.
I can ask the person that gifted them to us.
They are fresh out of the wrapping, not used for beverages yet.
Yeah, I did my undergrad there.
01-05
My wife has her MS from Duke. The Duke mug is supposed to be for her.
The person that got us the gift was so distraught, they're having them remade, I just thought the situation was quite funny.
The WKU mug is Navy though. Black would work well, but in this case they just did a pallete swap at the factory.
We had a 4' x 4' x 3' doll house in our garage since September, just threw a blanket over it and put a bike against it. My daughter never questioned it.
I was born and raised in Kentucky, but I worked at Duke for 10 years, and my wife has her MS from there.
I think the inability to cope with this fact, is one of the fundamental boons of religion in society today, people see these unjust people going unpunished, ney rewarded, and have to feel there is some form of divine retribution to make things right in the end. Helps to cope with the "why do bad things happen to good people" question, and settles it with "he'll get his in the end."
They have to do back pay, with interest, which is why shutdowns are stupid. They cost more socially and fiscally.
You are correct, it looks like it's up to Congress to 'make it right' after the fact. I got the info about interest here: http://www.crfb.org/papers/qa-everything-you-should-know-about-government-shutdowns#doshutdownssavemoney but I may have misread.
Weather in the 60s and sunny Saturday, a walk through the Sarah P Duke Gardens, or an outdoor hike at Eno River State Park.
If you delete a massive amount of games from your system you might need to rebuild the console database so it can accurately account for all the new free space. While the games are uninstalled, there's very likely a large amount of disk space still used.
Unsure then, confirm no scratches/smudges on disc that are preventing it from copying the files?
I think you just look at the primary requirements of establishing any city center in ancient times, many we're built on vast water sources. Egypt/Nile, Babylon/Euphrates, etc. At some point in each of their histories, a rainy season/great flooding of some type must have occurred. Oral histories likely played telephone games, until a great flood became THE great flood, over the face of the entire Earth. By the time it was written down, the tale had grown exponentially.
Weekend's shot, might as well ride a century or two.
I thought the Artemis they reference us not goddess Artemis, but amazon [Artemis](https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Artemis_of_Bana-Mighdall?wprov=sfla1)
It totally explains him kicking AJ in the nuts. "Captain Planet!"
[Damn you, Erdogan!](https://pics.me.me/breaking-news-christmas-cancelled-santa-shot-down-after-violating-turkish-38803062.png)
Topps 89, Biggio was the one that started my Astros fandom. I played catcher, and he was the only catcher in my set of cards.
RHV has it's own cert, KVM as a local hypervisor is on the rhcsa/ce exams.
I think he second guessed his non-throw with Reddick for a few innings, and it got to him. The double play would've ended the inning, it was THE play to make, not the throw home.
My folder wasn't my diploma, but an invitation to join the alumni association with my first donation to the university. My diploma came in the mail 2 weeks later.
This is the song that doesn't end, yes it goes on and on my friend, some people, started singing it not knowing what it was, and they'll continue singing it forever just because...
Ssh interactively from your deployment host to the host in question, say yes to the question about accepting the host key, that way it is stored, rerun the deplotment. The ansible playbook can't answer the interactive question when prompted.
We bought in 2012, just sold a few weeks back, listed in your price range and got multiple offers in 48 hours, all over asking. I think the April-June time frame is when more stuff is hitting the market to take advantage of the people trying to move mid summer for school starts, so there is likely a glut, but also many people are using sites like Zillow and Redfin to measure their comps, and setting prices higher than they should be.
Getting blacked out, because we are playing a team that is 6 hours away from me is very aggravating.
The end of "Field of Dreams". John is walking away, music builds, then Ray finally just blurts it out. "Dad, you wanna have a catch?" "Yeah, I'd like that."
No, I think all the teams should be on the Atlantic coast, not in Indiana. For that note I would punt Louisville and pick up someone like Rutgers too.
When dial up internet was rarity, there was a kid with the first 56k modem at school, that would download porn jpgs, store a bunch on a 3.5" floppy and sell each disk for 5 bucks, kid made a killing for a while.
"No! No baby oil! Get out!"
[Animaniacs taught us so much.](https://youtu.be/MGyBx3TfdbI)
Second the lodge, my family has lived here for 2 months, and the ability to walk to Target or the mall, and easy access to the ATT cannot be beaten.
The past few Insights for EMEA have been in January, so I wouldn't expect to see it on the schedule without a 2020 date.
Yeah, you done did it man.
These projectiles... They're all guardians, the runners, they're using guardians to cheese the gauntlet!
Anvil of Crom is fantastic. I use it for walkup in softball. Basil Poledouris is amazing for both this and RoboCop.
It shows it's excluding due to a filter. Look for a conf file listing the local disks, see if they are blacklisted.
This is a 6 episode mini series.
Would you know it was broken without additional consultation and affirmation?
I've used Boer Brothers for years, after my old unit blew up, and had them install and maintain a new one. Happily recommend.
Mine was in that $6k ballpark for our 2200 sqft 2 story house, the air handler was outside and the rest of the unit in the attic above the 2nd story. Natural gas/electric. In our case it was the air handler that blew up at 5 years old, while the attic portion was still original at 19 years. We replaced both units so they could be tuned together.
Yeah, my brother and I got into football together when they made the expansion teams, he's a jags fan, so we try to do the Jags Panthers games every 4 years or so.
This or any number of the parking garages downtown. A large number of people do this as well.
Holding gauze on myself in the ER for 1 hour, due to a surgical suture that ruptured, then they then came in and taped it and discharged me. ~10k billed to the insurance.
He gets weaker with every super action he performs, then instead of using sunlight to recharge, you have to fly through rings to get his strength restored.
My uncle threw a new years party, and all night poker tournament for a few years there. On Y2K night he snuck off right around the time the ball was dropping, and flipped the master breaker for his house. The screams when the lights went out are etched in my mind forever.
I see something like this, and it blows my mind, considering my wife often struggled with production issues, and we had to use donor milk, and supplement formula for both of our kids.
Se7en, keep Kevin Spacey.
It seems like it'll feel like the 3 disc experience all over again.
That makes sense, unless you wash all the way up your arms before eating.
I'm just super excited we're looking at OCs, it'll be our first ever offensive-minded head coach!
In his defense, he did throw the game winning touchdown.
They get their two points and the ball early on, coming by an OT field goal win is a bit harder. You can play 4-D chess all day, but you can't assume how that play would've affected the outcome.
I just tuned in on the radio, what happened to Carson Wentz? Edit: They just mentioned concussion.
Affleck? I mean he looked pretty buff with his shirt off in Justice League.
And nothing of cultural significance would be lost.
With the Panthers looking to bring in a offensive minded head coach, I'd love to see Wade on our defensive side of the ball.
I'll be there from Jan 26 - 30.
I hadn't actually looked up the travel time, before but it looks like either a taxi or public transport will take about 24 mins, according to google. Are you in town for Cisco LIVE as well?
Are you by chance in town for Cisco LIVE as well?
The form I filled out online asking for information received an email from Raquel at that address. She did mention there would be an extra fee but did not state what it would be. She said they are doing the transformation challenge, and that they would love to have me as a guest that week.
I got a response from Raquel at the other studio esp003 from the email inquiry I had sent. they did mention there would be an additional fee for classes but didn't say what it would be, and said they were cool with international guests doing transformation challenge there.
For the Well there are three sides of it each one accepts a specific charge type. There used to be a time locked activity called the shattered throne which was only available every third week when the curse was at its strongest, lots of giant taken bubbles in the sky. Now that's unlocked anytime as well.
Still though, they make something off the cargo, and the one passenger, and they have another flight in Austin, they have to get the plane there somehow, might as well as make a few $ on the side.
Apple Campus in Cupertino.
This is my uniform for sportyball.
Ok, I just posted about this in /r/personalfinance. We had an odd login to bank around 9am EST, says authorization was username/password/security questions. I panicked and logged in to change all of them, but it was a login from WIN7 and IE9. &amp;#x200B; This does correlate with my wife checking the mint app on her android phone before going grocery shopping this morning.
Thanks for the help understanding that, I looked at both our PC's and they are Win10, so I knew it couldnt' be us. Just a freaky way to start out a Sunday morning. &amp;#x200B; Somebody on /r/mintuit subreddit just asked a question about an odd bank login from Mint this morning around the same time as my question was posted here, so it looks like something happened there, and it's not a fraud. Still on hold with BBT, but I'm going to talk to someone there just in case, get it on record.
Gotcha, good to know for the future.
So BBT confirmed they've had a large number of these reports this morning, and they are tying it to mint.com, their IT team is investigating.
Rule 34.
Fitness World has a couple of squat racks from last time I was in there.
41-24
I think a lot of that actually has to due with people not realizing that the turn lane is for 54, and not I-40... people will get in the turn lane, speed up to the light, then reallize they aren't at the right intersection. It doesn't make it right, but that's what it seems to be. The same going the other direction on Fayetteville at Woodcroft/Woodlake, there is a right turn lane, but people will get in, pedal to the metal, and shoot through the light right ahead of the animal hospital and merge back in.
[Obligatory](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2UFc1pr2yUU)
A guy from marketing walks by my desk: "Hey, can you help me [Step 2], for a presentation and live demo I have this afternoon, they say it's easy if you know what you're doing, so I came to see you." FML
That watching of video on the monitor continued into the postseason and early in the 2018 season, but the trash can banging seems to have stopped prior, from the way I read the commissioner's statement. Did I misunderstand?
They keep scheduling a vote to override Cooper's veto, but they don't have the votes, so they are hoping Democrats don't show up so they can weasel it through. When enough show up, that the veto override will surely fail, they cancel the vote.
Think if you can play this game for most of a decade, make your mark on a franchise, fanbase, the entire league even. Then, while you're still able to walk, run, dance, and think clearly, you're able to walk away on your own terms, at the top of your game. I'm proud to have been able to root for Luke all these years. I hope he takes the time he needs, but I'd love to see him in a coaching role sometime soon.
Yes, by MLB rule, each team is allowed to have 1 employee in the replay room, and the phone to the dugout, that a manager uses to confirm whether a challenge is worthwhile or not. The dugout phone is a one-way into the replay room, and is monitored by MLB. This is why it cannot be used to execute the scheme. There needs to be an external video display, or an illegal runner between replay or dugout.
I think there were a large portion of us that just assumed Greg was next, especially after that final game video was shared, and wouldn't have been surprised by it. Luke snuck up on us and took us down unexpectedly, like a good LB is supposed to do.
Dirty or lazy keto is doing a low-carb diet but not strictly tracking things you may have 20 you may have net 30 carbs a day. Overall whether you're in keto or not a lower carb diet just seems to be beneficial overall.
Kanki in Durham, over off 15-501.
Do you have this available as a print? I'm moving soon and looking for some stuff to decorate my office with. This is appropriate.
But not a PC-CDRom, were looking mid-90s for most family PCs there.
Well, back to Final Fantasy 7.
The watch will be fine swimming in a pool, however make sure you surface before using any of the watch buttons. Pushing a watch button in underwater breaks the waterproof seal and can lead to it shorting out, this I learned from experience.
The one on the right: "Nope, just poop."
The number of times I went back to wreck the Midgar Zolem after running past him the first time.
Best Buy has some really good Pre-Superbowl specials going on right now.
Fruity Pebbles
You know, if he does that, but it unlocks Cerberus Vae III, or a pathway to other D1 strikes, I'm all in.
Have you ever just chased a job for the money, other factors be damned? I believe everyone has to do that once in their lives. The real question I have for you is outside of your age, what other factors are present? Family/kids? Do you have to move? At 35, you may not believe it, but 65 is going to come quick, where are you in regards to retirement savings? An opportunity for a 45% increase is rare, but it you don't like the job, you can have that as your new set base salary expectation for future roles.
Pork Chop Sandwiches!
I've been looking for a team to do this with for a while. I've never attempted, but I'm a 972 Hunter and could help give it a go, if you're interested.
To be fair, last time I had to conduct an interview with a candidate, my boss told me about it 20 mins in advance. So my ability to review the resume was severely limited.
My doctor is totally cool with it for going on 4 years now, "Whatever you're doing, keep doing it."
As someone flying through Heathrow next week, should I be worried?
Thank you, it's my first trip to Europe in a very long time.
I just ordered got an XL, it said 1 left, so I may have gotten the last one.
Bulldog Mansion -- Happy Birthday To Me
Totally normal, in my case, Fidelity allowed me to do a mobile deposit with the funds, it was in the new account in 2 business days.
I used flat pencil erasers for the same effect.
Reposting here. I'm in town for work this week, would like to find a bar that has football games on TV, specifically with the SKY Sports channel to watch the Leichester City match.
He's actually really good on TV, he's called a few games for Fox already when we were on bye, and when he was hurt.
I've migrated a trident created pv to another cluster and reattached to a pod there, but I've never migrated between two storage classes. I'd love to find out how it goes. It may just be pure grunt labor, create the pv on the destination side, attach to a pod with scp, then transfer data between the pvs manually. When complete the new pv can be attached to the pod you want, and the old pv can be deleted.
Instead of watching the halftime show, flip over to animal planet for 30 mins of puppies playing.
Considering the amount of genocidal campaigns he suggests for his followers in the OT, I think that's pretty evident.
Some good news for once, woot!
He's demanding it, and the RNC will power play, and scout Nashville, Atlanta, and Vegas, but truth is, we don't know what August looks like for Covid here, and we don't know how either the current reopening efforts, or the protest marches are going to affect the situation at that time.
I was in sixth grade, my brother and I each got one sapling. We dug, and planted them, we were proud of ourselves. A few days later our dad ran over them both with the lawnmower.
Goro Wins. Fatality!
Same at the Publix in Apex on Kelly Rd.
Look over there on the other side, what you've got are thieves, rapists, and well, I guess some of them are ok people.
Run: 'yum whatprovides */leatherman_curl.so.1.3.0' This will give you the package that's missing that provides that library, most likely leatherman-devel-1.3.0 Install that: 'yum install leatherman-devel' Rerun your install, if you trip on another missing library, follow the same process.
They don't count for a bounty, but they count as multikills for Witherorn.
4.5 isn't due for at least another month based on standard release cycles.
The look on Gizmos face when she makes the reveal. I really miss the stuff they used to be able to do with animatronics and puppets.
I like being able to go back and watch sessions on demand, I often find schedules at conferences to be fairly restrictive, either two sessions I want to attend or at the same time or a session is only presented once and I have a real work meeting I have to attend. Do I have to say this is the first time in several years I've had to actually go out and buy t-shirts. :(
I swear I thought you were linking to all the people that named their kids Kahleesi in 2016.
I mean part of the original story behind it was that when Beltran came to the team he informed them that if they weren't doing this they were behind all the other teams in the league.
Sorry, we're all out of cake. Didn't realize it would be so popular.
Clear!
They're all on HBO right now.
Destiny's "...and we're in Blackreach" moment.
I remember there was a Video Game Secrets show that Fox had on after 9pm one night, and they showed all the warp whistles in SMB3, plus the secret easy Bowser with the PWing, my parents got me out of bed to watch it, then sent me back on my way.
Huge fan of Bull City Running in south Durham. The ATT runs right by their shop, and they'll help you get the right fit and assess your stride and form.
Hey, watch it with that trombone!
Does the built in mic work? I've had a problem with that and gallium.
My wife is from New Hampshire, and has commented for years how I get to buy Panthers jerseys for our kids, but never Pats. I think we've just found out common ground.
Thanks man, I appreciate the help.
