K... so, wanting to see the solution before I say it’s a good thing is a problem for you, how?
It’s probably illegal, but I would be tempted to just drive them as far in the wrong direction as I could before they demand to be let out.
Good? Any can figure that one out. Pretty easy, IMO.
Verbal consent is just not how things normally happened. I’ve personally never asked and never been asked. Yet, I have no doubt everything I’ve ever done was consensual. I’m a lawyer... Tradition and how things are normally done strongly influences the law. I would argue that the requirement for how consent is demonstrated should flow from how things are normally done, not seek to prescribe how people behave.
Eh... Passive is for when someone is being passive. Roll is when people are being active. Still, why is the guard questioning?
Pact of the Chain warlock is plenty powerful already... you should be getting advantage reliably, scouting effectively, and even sending messages to others easily. At my last session we were overrun in combat. Decided to fall back to an outpost manned by allies. My imp flew to warn them to expect us with enemies on our tail. I did not need to pause to write a message... imp speaks common. Oh, and we’re level 3, but I am currently my party’s top damage dealer... eldritch blast can hit like a truck compared to what most people are doing.
You believe that sex should be illegal?
It’s a clearifying question.
I mean... I would like to own a large island too.
SEC football is like a religion...
But, what about the elephants? Can’t just leave us hanging like that.
I think you need to ask the mods. Even then, I think they only have raw numbers, not rates.
I see the rafaello packaged with rocher all the time.
Graduate the kids who aren’t doing well in school early so they can get a job now.
LGB seems fine from what I can tell. T is an issue if you get outside of Austin.
Until
What's this for? parent_submission: id: [thread_id]
Why should we fear the mentally ill?
How else are you suppose to deliver cargo, if not for masts at full sail?
Yeah, I was shocked when I first heard about this. I use to work for an insurance company and one community we served had apparently just got it... This mostly came up when I could not find an address and would stop for directions. People would often mention 911 as the reason otherwise unnamed roads had names.
I’m a lawyer, and those existed... but, my ancestors raised animals... so, idk? Then again, my mother experienced difficulties in my birth, so we’d probably both be dead.
He missed a 0. It was $100,000. Still, some people do swap periods and commas when writing out numbers.
Ben and Jerries does 100x.
Idk, Constitution makes sense as being partially mental so makes sense as a caster stat.
No.
I honestly think I felt the ship move once on my last cruise. I was genuinely shocked we had started moving the first afternoon... expected to feel it.
It does not meet any legal definition of rape I am aware of.
Also, if someone is capable of becoming pregnant then how can you argue God did not intend them to do so?
I kind of want to see a real version of Amy’s dress from the date sequence.
r/ask_lawyers, but only if you prefer actual lawyers answer... not know-it-alls and police officers.
You were looking for r/evenwithcontext. See rule 1.
Well, no. The entire premise here is that I shared my opinion and now people are feeling that I should operate with identical rules of evidence in my personal life as a court of law uses. Feels like a personal choice to me, no?
Oh, I'm sure I'll believe you... And, since we're talking about the standards I use for my personal opinion that should probably make you feel satisfied. Now, if a judge will care or not... Well, probably not. So, up to you which one matters to you more.
I'm not sure he has committed a felony. Edit: Oh, you decided to edit your question as soon as you typed it. This was originally asking me why I support someone who committed a felony.
No. I don't. I think mueller sees a guy who surrounded himself with criminals and figures that he must've done something wrong. Maybe, maybe not. Still, it does seem like mueller is casting a pretty wide net at this point.
We're not talking about criminal proceedings, we're talking about my personal opinion... So, it works out fine.
In a personal opinion case? Sure.
Yes, I do.
No.
... that is a federal program. The school still gets money.
Anything misspelled. It’s not unique, it just makes me think you were drugged up while filling out the form.
No, I still reject your premise.
Because neither Mexican nor Muslim is a race...?
My newish fiancée threw down her ring last week. Might be the most expensive object used as a miniature, ever.
I think the no fighting style is part of the core concept of Barbarians. Fighting styles represent training and skill. Barbarians are not skill, they’re raw power.
I don’t think a Sikh can be a Muslim... sounds pretty bigoted to assert otherwise. Is that really what you mean to do?
I don't think it's a coincidence, no?
No, I don't understand... since muslim isn't a race, so someone who is bigoted against them isn't necessarily racist.
Oddly, I blame your father for modeling this behavior.
I'll do what I like and there is nothing you can do to stop me. MUA HA HA HA HA HA HA!
So, you were raised by a guy who attracted horrible women, eh? What was that like? Did your dad ever find anyone worthwhile?
Why are we blaming the woman in the first place? Do you realize that we cannot blame the women that use him for how he acted to attract them, as he's the only constant? I mean, I can't shift culpability away from someone who never logically had it to begin with... Unless you just think it's better if we lie, in which case... it's absolutely the horrible women he date's problem that he attracted them... how dare they like him. Don't they know that he's a superior male filled with male jelly?! See, now we're blaming them for basic attraction... how does that work? I suppose my assumption is that these are horrible people... we can opt for assuming he's a horrible person who drives decent women away, but ... that feels worse, no?
I don't see how this logically follows at all. I asked you to explain and you just repeated yourself. I feel like you're arguing that victims should get a free pass for how they victimize others. Oddly, this means that want to alleviate the blame of sex abusers because they were likely abused themselves...
That's my original argument, yes. The one you responded to. Being that him being a nice person people can trust is not working out for him. Then again, with how angry he got with me so fast I'm starting to feel he isn't really that nice.
Uhh... my shirt and the odd dick?
Ah, but it's not just one woman. It's many women. We can say what they should do, but at some point he has to protect himself.
https://supreme.justia.com/cases/federal/us/287/112/
Absolutely. That lady is so sultry...
Wait, how is that a question?
r/maliciouscompliance u/Not_An_Ambulance https://www.reddit.com/r/MaliciousCompliance/comments/a5nabz/best_of_rmaliciouscompliance_2018_nomination/
The bar on proving a child is being intentional is very high. Honestly, unless the child is here to tell us she's doing it intentionally we assume it's not. And, yes... that's a pretty common thing here.
Lol, OP did not. But, nice try.
Removed. Not a nomination.
As a lawyer who sometimes works collections, this actually took me a second...
I’ve had white castle’s burger. It did not taste as good as the regular slider, but I would not have guessed it was not meat if I had not known, it just tasted like different seasoning.
I believe liberal views are more common among academics for two reasons. 1. A large portion of academia works for the state, where their interests are typically advocated for by the Democratic Party. Academics tend to then vote for their interest. Then, because of natural human biases, they will tend to support some other causes championed by Democrats as a way of justifying a selfish act. 2. Academics, again as employees of the state, are also more likely to have never worked for a private business in any serious capacity and may sink into a mindset where they view corporations as non-human institutions, rather than a collective of people and capital that serves to create jobs and wealth. And, while some schools are equally conservative, I do not believe any are of nearly the size of some of these liberal biased schools.
I’m a lawyer. I wish for the misfortune of unethical lawyers.
So, not a criminal case... but, [Pepsi once won a suit against it by proving that Mountain Dew will dissolve a mouse](https://www.theatlantic.com/national/archive/2012/01/pepsi-says-mountain-dew-can-dissolve-mouse-carcasses/333399/).
Ketchup is never the best condiment for any situation.
Removed. This post has already been nominated.
Removed: missing title of post
Eh... almost.
Honestly, most of the cases are meth or heroin addiction.
Probably both.
What he is saying is that Trump is free to share what he thinks he remembers without much consideration. We have seen reports about trump not having a great memory a few times now. This contrasts with Michael Cohen, who is required to say he does not know in that same situation.
The best presidents all do.
I’m sorry, do you not speaker internetcommon?
I’m so sorry. I blame myself. I saw those kids with flies on their face and I just change the channel... I suppose this is what happens.
Apparently REALLY subjective. That dude was the least funny of them all. I chucked at the profit one though...
The most common thing seems to be that people seem to think Trump was the one who started separating children at the border. He did increase the number, but the policy started under Clinton as it was seen as preferable compared to imprisoning children. Trump’s actual policy change was to criminally charge everyone caught attempting to illegally cross, which means more parents imprisoned. Another, related fact, that some people seem not to be aware of is that part of why the parents could not be located for some children is that they were not crossing with their parents in the first place.
Not any of the ones who ran against him, no.
Source?
I have before, in exactly the way I just listed... but, I am super active on reddit so I am not going to go find examples as this would involve kind of a lot of work and i’m pretty busy this week.
I just gave an example in that sense... I see no reason to provide multiple.
Yeah, just try to make it as open as possible.
First, I think I had misunderstood what you were asking before I saw this... so, sorry. I probably could have addressed this, I just misread. Anyway, so... To some extent, yes. Trump ended that program, which was exactly why the numbers jumped and you can absolutely blame him for that. I am just not certain that the children were obama’s actual concern. I mean... they weren’t just releasing families or anything like that.
Nah. Basically flat.
I want Medicare extended to everyone, but not Medicare for All. This seems somewhat popular on Reddit, but is not popular among supporters as a whole. I would also like to see free education and reform of student loans. Net Neutrality should be a thing... but this is popular among reciters, but not among politicians or trump supporters in general. I generally oppose the death penalty. I oppose abortion by rape victoms. Since this is likely to be the most controversial opinion I give, I will say that two wrongs don’t make a right... the baby is either a human with rights or it’s not.
Well, the demand for newborns in adoption is pretty strong. So, either the mom can keep the child or the adoptive family can take care of it.
I’m a Trump supporter who lives near Austin! There are dozens of us! Actually, I believe where I am at is very slightly left leaning... Still, I don’t feel the urge to hide it with friends, but at work I tend to just let people assume what they want.
Removed. This post has already been nominated.
Just very common for husband or wife to start prioritizing their other relationship, creating jealousy, then a demand the open marriage end, followed by cheating, and divorce.
So, if you were a baby you think you’d be okay with being killed? Because you think a baby doesn’t understand death? I mean... even an ant prefers to live.
oh? Not your opinion? So, you must have a source?
Eh... He sued for 6 things, including both copyright and appropriation of likeness.
Why do you feel that's relevant? Its not. I'm allowed to disagree with them.
Which programs work? Please provide sources.
Best punn evvvverrrr!
When someone asks how you feel about something, “I don’t care” is a valid response.
They stopped being an adversary almost 30 years ago. Obama made fun of Mitt Romney for suggesting Russia was a threat.
I think we wait for even a small amount of evidence...
Oh, come on... you don’t get THAT homophobic without your own temptations.
No. But, we’re done now. Further messages will be considered harassment.
Nah. He would be more pissed to read what I wrote.
Source? It was my understanding the energy grid is air-gaped.
Money now, please.
No. Because they aren’t anymore than any other country and didn’t. A corporate network is different than a generating station, high voltage transmission lines, or distribution lines.
One... is part of a power grid. The other is part of a corporate network.
I do not understand your question.
Possibly, unlikely, but it’s not clear from the source you provided.
That should be right.
So... everywhere except the place they’re most likely to be from?
Depending on source, 54%-59% of Reddit is from the US... Have you really never noticed?
Eh, I consider knowing your character mechanics as the job of the players. Constantly reminding players how characters work seems like a way to suck the fun out of playing for a DM.
Removed for Rule 1.
No. It was a TV show...
Merry Christmas!
Most common nicknames (Will, Rick, etc) come from the 11th-14th century. Word games were their jam back then.
See, I’m not convinced it counts as an adult career.
I think you’re incorrect. &gt;An improvised weapon is, indeed, a weapon, but only the moment it's used as such. A chair/shield/etc isn't a weapon otherwise. —[Jeremy Crawford](https://mobile.twitter.com/JeremyECrawford/status/666693440600600576)
Uhhh... Have you been told no? I was under the impression that their named burgers exist on a secret menu that you can order off of even if not listed on the menu you’re looking at.
Can confirm. Source: Am angel of death, junior grade.
Simplicity. Why would I perceive illusionary physical others, but the physical would be real?
Ace hardware is a cooperative of individual small businesses...
&gt;Do you agree with this sentiment? Yes, I do. &gt;Will you trust whatever the Special Counsel produces/do you trust what they have found already? I don’t know, we’ll see when they come out.
&gt;How are you reaching your conclusion? Reading the full context of the paragraph and understanding the greater context of the letter itself. First, the congressmembers are discussing the need for the report to be trustworthy if you look at the rest of that paragraph. Second, we’re discussing Americans, not Chinese or Russians. Americans do nothing just because the government says... I consider your interpretation so rediculous in this context that I cannot help but immediately discard it.
Removed for requesting legal advice.
Well, yes. Legalize marajuana and reallocate the money into immigration enforcement. Incentives for local law enforcement and additional staff with ICE.
No. Americans as a whole do not. Americans usually want someone moderate. You need a moderate for president because they're the president for everyone. Most successful candidates are just a little to the right or left of center because most people are a little to the right or left of center. Typically Republicans and Democrats start off running a little extreme then pull to the middle as they near the general election.
I mean, not really a Texas vs Austin type of discussion?
Yep. We also have a decent amount of automation. Most homes have a washer, dryer, and dishwasher. Robot vacuums seem to become more and more popular too.
Fanccyyy. I've just been sacrificing homeless people. Then again, I mostly work appointed cases. Don't have the budget for something like that.
Maybe don’t do that. I hate guys who show pics of girls they’ve been with, no idea what is in it for anyone.
Hijacking this top comment on the controversial sort: You can skip this one. It’s mostly people coming out as gay or furries. Really not interesting.
IAAL. You cannot sue for defamation that occurs in any type of official complaint. Police either go after her for false reports or they don’t.
The dice rolling app I use let’s me save the entire roll and name it. 3d6+3 saved as “giant’s axe” or whatever saves a second or two because I don’t have to even add. can save the attack mod too.
I’m a lawyer. It’s funny to me that he’s sort of correct, then derails himself. Ultimately, rape, sexual assault, and sexual penetration are all phrases used to describe overlapping things in different jurisdictions. If you wanted to go by a definition from a dictionary I would guess that at least most of them would include what this guy did. So, in my mind you can call anyone convicted of any of them a rapist. But, when you said they’re “convicted” of something it sort of changes what the meaning is. There is the implication you’re using a legal definition and those are more specific.
You want to know if it’s possible to ethically test if throwing infants will cause police to stop chasing people...? No. It’s not.
Fun fact! Every crew member was intentionally written gender neutral for “Alien”. They then just picked actors they liked best for the roles when casting.
Eh, I play with rolling a 1 on a skill check or an attack roll is means something bad happens. The exact nature of how bad changes. It is sometimes hitting a party member, but I am usually looking for something else. Dropping a weapon, damaging the environment in a way bad for the party, or something of that nature is my usual flavor of this. But, sometimes... well, your whole party is crammed into a tiny space and the fire bolt is just going to deal half damage to the rogue. Incidentally, having a 1 on a knowledge skill check is my favorite. Players end up knowing they know wrong information.
Reread it. No. It’s correct all the way through. “Uni” is not something Americans say typically, so when someone says it who isn’t foreign it comes off douchey.
I mean, I didn’t give a reason.
I use to work for Dominos. Cops will usually avoid ticketing people who are working, but if you're driving stupid you're going to get in trouble anyway. You still can't be obviously drunk or speed through a neighborhood.
Yeah, but crit successes work the same, yet opposite way. Still, I have been just being creative in the moment... I might just create a fumble table roll on it with over half being nothing happens.
Removed for requesting legal advice.
You know, you don’t really need to explain. If it was just banned because of lack of moderation they’ll likely give it to you when they get to this.
From a US perspective, yes. But, internationally not ever country does long jail sentences. In Austria, there are judges that rarely give more than 6 months for anything.
Universal healthcare WAS first proposed by Nixon.
Fuck the movies trying to retcon that. Seymour died alone!
I mean, I was speaking about in US politics. A lot of the systems began in the 40s and 50s for other countries.
Uhh... Deciding to get a laptop for $1100 because you prefer OSX over windows and know the battery will be enough to operate the computer is the same as shelling out $1000 for a stand? Cool... cool...
Indeed. The push for universal healthcare in the US has been spurred by the baby boomers retiring while they had smaller families. Huge demands for nurses and doctors forecasted. Government needs to figure out a way to pay for it all.
You posted this on a subreddit about shaming chefs who forget practicality while they are a properly adjusted human being. It would never work out.
Just slurp the thing until the level gets to a place you feel comfortable.
I mean, he could. DEA has merely been instructed not to enforce in states that have repealed their own laws. They can still bring federal charges.
No it doesn’t. I speak for others professionally and I draw a clear distinction between a person who has agreed that I speak for them and one who has not. Therefore, I find your attempt to speak for me insulting.
Those don’t exist. The show was abruptly cancelled. I am hoping for a movie.
Tyrion is also perfect, IMO.
It’s a different enough flavor and texture profile imo that it’s like interjecting that you like those sausage and pancake corn dog things when we’re talking about waffles. I mean, cool... but, it’s a bit of a derailing comment. The ham element changes texture and flavor of the whole thing.
Death Knights are a similar, yet more powerful option. The part about them being resurrected is in the flavor text instead of the stat block. I take this to mean you can defeat them and DM can choose narratively when they should return. They’re CR 17 to the revenant’s CR 5.
I didn’t say shit about melts. I don’t care what you call it. I did say it’s not even close to the same.
Mom insists you not eat those tendies in the basement, eh?
Yeah, I suppose I would be the only one who is willing to judge a paint not on the basis of the color of its contents but the character of its skin.
There is nothing hypocritical. I’m a lawyer. Just stating facts
Nice. You talked in circles. Failed to make any sense. I can think that blatant lawbreakers should be arrested without being a hypocrite for my non-arrest-able traffic tickets. Btw, I am verified on the lawyer subreddits... maybe don’t be a jackass just because no one you know has ever made anything of themselves. 🤭
You click the button saying you’re okay with seeing it... like... so easy you should feel shame in admitting you’re that lazy. Well, unless you’re high.
Apple Fanta!
Yeah. I hate to say it, but there are a lot of shit Reddit apps.
So, second life?
A computer can be male? TIL
So, land ownership didn’t work back then the way you might think of it today. Or, rather... most people don’t realize it’s still similar. Essentially, the King has a claim to the land. The king then assigned the part of their land to nobility, who would then assign their land to lesser nobility or knights. Perhaps several layers of nobility. There is no land outside this system. The original transfer might be a recognition of merit, but when the original transfer ends it would either revert to the person who granted it to them (or their heir) or the heir could pay a fee (tax) to take it over. Land also often had other obligations. A high noble might have to provide a number of knights when requested, but a knight may just need to show up. This system changed over time, but even today property will go to the government if someone has no heirs within a certain degree and doesn’t leave a will. Typically ~4th cousins is the limit.
We don’t allow those anymore anyway... for like 6 months.
I'm the most humble.
The stand is $1000 because they don’t expect many to actually buy it. They’re specialty monitors that people usually mount to the wall.
Lawyer here. I’ll say it’s right. Unfortunately, sexual assault tends to just have a single witness on one of the elements. The legal system is set up that they only get one bite at the apple and trying someone when you don’t think you have it is a bad idea. One of the side effects to having a courthouse full of liberal judges is that they actually tend to be a little more pro-defendant. I personally think it’s good, but I dislike innocent people going to jail.
That's okay. I don't particularly like you anyway.
We use to do that a lot. Most of our earliest users were from there.
1. "I don't like it" without expanding on why you don't like it isn't really much in the way of feedback. 2. I take the "I'm gonna unsub if I don't get my way" threat a bit like a more lame threat of suicide. Like... I could pretend like I care about you, but you're really hurting yourself more than you're hurting me.
Bye???? I don't know you and you don't seem to care much about this place anyway.
You still don’t know, eh?
The names are because of the traditional names for variables in math, not shape. I realize it’s a joke, but you premised it on you being an idiot and I decided it was funnier if I just agreed with you.
So, you don't know. Got it.
You're being purposefully obtuse. They didn't ask if she was wearing clothes that encouraged rape, they asked what she was wearing and you're assuming that's why they asked.
Still nothing, hum? At least you’ve slowed down. Oh, and probably best if you don’t spread lies about an attorney.
Meanwhile, you have yet to answer a very basic question.
No, I'd be a professional in a very related field who is explaining facts to the "nice" folks of r/Austin. I've yet to mention what I think should be happening, just given my opinion on what will happen and what likely did happen.
They're both more or less X shaped. The Y is smaller, but ... just to give you an idea, the rest of the chromosomes are numbered. Also, some animals use W and Z chromosomes instead for sex and others don't really have sex determined by chromosomes, instead it is determined by environment.
Thanks for noticing...? Was wondering when you’d realize I wasn’t insulting anyone back.
Okay, so you’ve apparently broken from reality. I have answered every question and discussed the article throughly. I am an expert, but so far no one has debated me professionally at all. The clear professionals are agreeing with me rather than engaging in debate.
Yes, because suing detectives will make the rapes better! How dare I argue for giving them the benefit of the doubt when the claims sound ridiculous. Seriously, does an APD detective stay employed if he talks to rape survivors that way?
My state has a badass consumer protection statute that can give up to 3x damages plus attorney’s fees in some situations. I occasionally dip my toe in matters that might normally be small claims, only I take it to the next step up... sometimes a business goes from being difficult to falling all over themselves to pay you before the you put in more time on the case than you have already.
It’s suppose to look the same. You get an error message for a shadow ban.
Erm... ask nicely to be a mod/volunteer when they ask... then you just delete it? Either that or get a job for Reddit.
This is profoundly fucked up. In a way I find fucking shocking. I’m a lawyer, not your lawyer. Going to speak in general terms, obviously not going to list every exception or comment on anyone reading this’s case. Parental rights termination is a legal term for totally cutting off the rights of a parent. Typically, the last right remaining in extreme circumstances is the right to modify custody in the future. Parental rights termination does that. It can be done involuntarily to one or both parents and clears the way for an adoption to take place in the future. How states handle rapists varies a bit. Some states have the criminal case judge terminate parental rights as part of sentencing. Some states require a separate lawsuit. My state actually has it as a family law case, but the statute lists this situation multiple times for whatever reason as one of the grounds to terminate. What shocks me most here though is that most states have a “best interest of the child” standard that a judge can use to limit rights even without termination. A parent’s rights are not really just one thing. In my state, a judge can tailor a parent’s rights and custody as makes sense for the situation. Judges can and do limit particularly terrible parents to no visitation, no input or information, and perhaps just a right to ask for a change in the future and know if something extreme happens... like if the person with custody moves in with or marries a sex offender. Statutory rape is incredibly easy to prove if there is a pregnancy. You get ages of the people involved and a DNA test. It’s literally one lab test and some birth certificates. Most major crimes you have to prove some level of intent. This does not exist in a statutory rape situation. So... exhaustively... either this judge has missed something or the law didn’t give the judge those tools for some reason. Oh! My state also allows lifetime protective orders for rape victims AND THEIR CHILDREN against their rapist. These generally do effectively cut off visitation... Just fuck Alabama. WTF. P.S. I live in Texas, so it’s not even like we’re some crazy, diametrically opposed state. We like Jesus and Guns too.
#ORIGINAL o·rig·i·nal /əˈrijənl/ ***adjective*** \1. present or existing from the beginning; first or earliest. "the original owner of the house" synonyms: indigenous, native, aboriginal; More \2. created directly and personally by a particular artist; not a copy or imitation. "original Rembrandts" synonyms: authentic, genuine, actual, real, true, pukka, bona fide, veritable, not copied, archetypal, prototypical, master; *informal* kosher \3. not dependent on other people's ideas; inventive and unusual. "a subtle and original thinker" synonyms: innovative, creative, imaginative, innovatory, innovational, inventive, ingenious; ***noun*** noun: original; plural noun: originals \1. something serving as a model or basis for imitations or copies. "the portrait may be a copy of the original" \2. an eccentric or unusual person. "he was one of the true originals" synonyms: individualist, individual, eccentric, nonconformist, free spirit, bohemian, rare bird, maverick, oddity; Summary: Original doesn't mean "interesting".
That's just it, while original and innovative are synonyms, original and interesting really aren't.
Source, please. I already quoted google's definition. Feel free to provide another that supports your assertion. As is, it's obviously wrong to me, but you're basically just saying "nuh uh!" in response to me having quoted a dictionary entry.
Erm... That link should've stayed blue.
Your post absolutely relies on that fact. You seem to have a misconception about what the word "original" means. There are LOTS of situations where something can be original or interesting, but not both.
Shame? ... No no... Lets not get shame for you. I'm not sure you deserve it.
I wonder how often people page that guy for things that have absolutely nothing to do with him...?
I’m a Texas Attorney. Technically any victim has the authority to go after them, but it is more expensive to sue someone in another country. Probably cost prohibitively expensive, but it depends on the amount stolen.
I mean, over 40% of the budget is retirement services if you include Medicare, Social Security, and Government Pensions.
What? No. Have you never smacked your erect penis against your buddy’s erect penis? Nothing about it can get you stuck.
We live in Texas. Spectrum covers most of the state while Comcast only covers Houston.
In his teens, my brother worked as a lifeguard at a water park in the Midwest. They watched the black people more closely than most because they knew most could not swim. It was just a fact.
This is illegal, so... wrong sub.
Lol. So, just destroy your own stuff? The real pro tip is always in the comments!
They’re written in every place they normally go. You’re responsible for knowing them.
Opaque is the opposite of transparent. Translucent is the middle.
Eh, see... I like adding Potatoes to things that already have ground beef. Probably the tastiest texture upgrade ingredient they have.
Things Crawford says that don't make it into the errata are RAI, not RAW. DM can choose between the two as they see fit, IMO.
I'm sorry, canceling your service completely is a different department. This is the downgrades department and you wanted the cancellations department. Unfortunately, it seems like they closed a few minutes ago. If you call back on any third Wednesday I'm sure they'll be able to get that sorted!
Our rules encourage a discourse on Reddit and insist on people selecting the easiest method for sharing content.
It’s okay. There is also lube,
I really do wonder... I've seen 200+ pumps at But-ee's.
Stick
Humans
As a lawyer, I can report that our regulatory agency is magical. We are more self-regulating than most. It’s fellow practitioners at the top, elected by lawyers only or appointed by those who are elected by lawyers. Our ethics rules only get through if we vote them in ourselves. The investigators? Fellow practitioners. Judges? Fellow practitioners. If they come down on you, you likely did fuck up.
Check the sidebar, nothing is banned.
That's not actually what happens...
Not your lawyer. But, you might consider looking into unemployment for any days between the 28th and when you start your new job. I believe if you don't select your last day, then you've been laid off. Of course, it's possible this is not enough time to claim... but, eh? Maybe it is?
It's not technically wrong, but the mental image I get with the headline is one involving china committing an act of war against Belgium. The reality is more of Belgium getting shit because they didn't want to allow the people to stay while their visa processed.
I don’t particularly care, crazy dude. Have fun not understanding basic concepts!
I mean, that’s well above average. I feel for yours...
That’s actually the name of a ring tone, but Alexa now has a “kids” mode.
One of my Alexa’s is an old model. It seems to occasionally get knocked off the network. It does not seem to even know it has in until you say “Alexa”, then it throws an error and gets a red error ring until it’s fixdd.
Excellent app, locations spread across nearly the whole country, extra payment methods, variety of account types, friendliness of customer service... Oh, plus overdraft protection is a thing.
Fail. Alexander Hamilton and Ben Franklin. Alexander Hamilton was the first Treasury Secretary and the chairman of the Federalist Party (the party of the first 2 presidents). Ulysses S. Grant was the top general for the Union during the American Civil War, but then he became president following Abraham Lincoln's Vice President, Andrew Johnson. (P.s. Andrew Johnson and Andrew Jackson are different people, I don't want to confuse you with the similar sounding names). Follow up: Which bill denomination is Thomas Jefferson on?
Oh, I think I might've added an edit a little late: As a follow up, which bill is Thomas Jefferson on?
Removed. We do not allow legal advice. If you want an answer, consult with a local employment attorney.
r/lostredditors
Fuck.
Oh? When did they stop?
Fair enough. I was not aware. I only knew they were hiding discrimination lawsuits behind arbitration because someone I knew was ... you know, suing them for discrimination but forced into arbitration.
The author of this post has been banned for calling another story fake. As have 3 of the 4 commenters. I have decided to leave this so we all understand where the line is. Edit: Going to keep checking this post because a lot of you want to call this one fake too... Not sure why someone would think the rules don't apply here too.
This is a story based subreddit. Our most interesting content is therefore from posts. Truth is usually stranger sounding than fiction. Part of why a person may choose to share something is that things went down with a storybook ending or a person actually sounded like a Disney villain. Moreover, we have had people delete popular posts because some minority harassed the author over how fake a story sounded. Moreover, this sub has had this rule in place since the beginning. It received most of its early subscribers from a “talesfrom” subreddit with a similar rule. I personally consider it core to our subreddit identity.
Honestly, it was a perfectly fine subreddit at 40k subscribers... we had been banning about 1 in 20 people for the longest time. I am okay if we get back to that.
Of course. It's been over 6 months since we even added new rules. Rule 3 is from the first month or two.
There is no real way to know.
Anything other than an absolute prohibition creates an arbitrary line. I'd rather not have that be how we moderate.
This has been the rule here since the inception. We just went through a wave of politely reminding people. This particular story had a high number of violators and I've realized I've been too nice, so ban wave.
Exactly.
Hasn't yet.
Legit. I'm actually over 40 now. I'm basically just going through in waves.
Thank you.
That's not a rule, no.
Thank you so much. 1. It's usually the worst when the truth detectives show up. I guess I don't notice anything else happening all that often. Still, I suppose people insulting the writing does happen from time to time... I might have to rewrite the rule a little to get that... but... 2. If I don't say "calling it fake is against the rules" then I'm afraid people are going to legitimately not realize it's against the rules to say its fake because they don't think of calling fake and harassing op as the same thing.
You know, I wonder what this thing about "janitor" is about. Do you not want me to remove the trash?
Fuck that dude. He clearly has a small dick.
Oh, no. I think people are confused about what's happening. I've been banning people who call the story fake. Nothing else. I think a couple people are convince they didn't deserve it because... you know, they called it fake AND said something else, but eh? If anything, I assume you're just passionate about the sub.
Of course. lol
Not at all. Long standing rule. Has always been enforced this way. I think we're just getting brigaded because some of the banned people are trying to start shit.
Weird, cause we do.
You want us to Dox people? or force them to dox themselves?
No. I'm using my discretion to enforce the decorum we're always expected. We use the death penalty excessively. I dare you to be a criminal.
Automod took it down for about 20 minutes due to mass reports.
I don't understand what you're confused about.
No. We’re clearly being brigaded today. Nothing has any real connection to what the sub normally is.
I’m not actually on a power trip. The sub is being brigaded. Most people are breaking rule 3 or 5. A few have also requested to be banned, which is weird.
My evidence is that I have been reading people’s profiles. The vast majority have never commented here before. Regarding the same buzzwords and tropes... They would tend to do that naturally. People frequently acknowledge that another story reminded them of their story. The typical person only gets a few of these stories.
What question?
No one cares? What do you think is going on?
No one banned was not aware of the rule. We have a warning system. The first 10 were all previously warned. I then put the warning in the comments and began banning people who persisted. Most are actually not even from this sub.
No one. Why?
Well, no. The bans have all been for violations of long standing rules. This thread just has a lot of violators.
Removed for requesting legal advice.
“Extra judicial killing” is not really defined. “Self defense” does not necessarily end in death. It’s more about actions than consequences.
The problem is that “extra judicial” not being a legal term basically means that there is no “legal” answer. At least, none universal.
&gt;For example, drones do kill innocent civilians. Are drones now not the answer for surveillance of wild fires? This is going to bug me a bit... What alternative to drones do you see in a combat situation?
It’s probably 6 inches longer in some direction.
Well, I’ll look into it.
Yeah... there is still a point where it’s pretty clear someone is just trying to troll. I really prefer rules I can just apply without having to apply my judgment much at all... ideally, clear rules applied with zero tolerance.
Only one flair can be applied to a post at a time...
Removed for requesting legal advice.
Okay man. If you want to out yourself like that I cannot stop you. You’d know better than us if you have low insight.
It sort of depends. Generally yes, but accused individuals regularly attempt to end prosecution’s attempts to investigate them within the American legal system. It basically boils down to each individual’s rights and how they choose to do so.
There are a lot of burger chains here. I think I eat at all of the others more often then there. It’s overpriced for what it is. If I am wanting to pay in that price range then I am probably going to want Hopdoddy’s instead, but Shake Shack, Wendy’s, Short Stop, and Burger King are all more likely to get my patronage based on value alone.
I mostly just talk to the prosecutor in person. Sometimes we talk about evidence or a defense. Sometimes it’s just about modifying the terms of a plea to avoid a peripheral consequence.
Prude.
It wouldn’t be. Treating others the way you should and getting a small reward doesn’t trigger the same justice boner the opposite does.
Erm... r/adviceanimals
Tasty animals.
It very much is. I forget the exact numbers, but for every person in a combat role there is always at least one other person in a support role. Of course, that’s beside the point - The military is increasingly eliminating gender as a criteria for service and selection into specific areas of service.
China and China. Iran isn't a major issue. Russia is probably #2 to china, but they aren't anything like what they use to be. There are hypothetical situations where they get scary, but as long as the status quo is maintained they're not going to actually do anything more than badly interfere with the election. What I think some people don't realize about China is that China plays a longer game than the US tends to. Most US politicians are worried about getting results in a 5-10 year timeframe, but China is looking at 50+. The goal is to be the next superpower for them and they're on track to do it eventually. When it happens, it might be at our expense and it might very well be without further warning.
Removed. Rule 2.
Yes, of course.
No. International law is much more complicated than that. Also, the United States has only not been in a de facto state of war with someone for a total of 17 years in its entire history. The last time the US was not at war at all was in 1985.
It’s a rebuttable presumption and it’s defeated pretty decisively when the DNA test comes back. That’s why you give a fake name and get a burner phone.
Ohhh... even 1 casting of a non-prepared spell could feel powerful. Could also make players feel more free to experiment with new spells.
Removed for requesting legal advice.
You're comparing apples to oranges. Rephrased, he's saying that the ratio of non-criminal gun owners vs total gun owners increases when it's easier to own guns legally. You're linking a study that finds an increase in gun ownership increases the number of gun-involved murders. - a very different contention. I can see how that that might shape your opinion, but you're not contradicting him.
Ahh... I see now why you thought it was related. Homicide is one of the worst crimes, but it's not all crimes. Again... Apples (or at least tangerine) to oranges.
I'm not the person you were originally speaking to, but that seems to support his conclusion, not refute...
It’s not what I said. I rephrased what someone else said. I have just been reading the attempt to argue and pointing out most of the stuff is irrelevant.
Well, respond to them if you want to talk about what they said?
You’re probably messaging the wrong person.
I mean, I have met Ted Cruz and I still find him skevvy. I have no idea why he was even the right choice originally for Texas senator.
Uhhh.... neatly and cleanly? It applies to every investigation that did not result in legal action on the federal level.
Yeah, I think every person who replied to me didn’t really read it.
I have no idea and most members of the public won’t either.
No.
I addressed 3 of your 4. The 4th is so vague as to make me feel it cannot be argued with. Just because family and humanitarian reasons are positive for other reasons doesn’t mean that the slope should be slippery.
I feel like Jesus Christ was trying to get convicted.
Yeah, well... that dog never really listened when we told it to drop something.
I had this happen at a car dealership in the US 4 months ago. It felt disgusting.
There are a lot of different types of laws out there. Obviously, every law should be complied with. However, some are obviously more important than others. Some laws have criminal penalties if they are violated. Some laws the wronged person can sue you civilly if you violate. Some laws only the government can sue you civilly if you violate. Some laws nothing happens if you violate. The ultimate example of a law that (for most people) is really just a guideline is the US Flag Code. If you chuck a little flag into the garbage or hang it upside down or turn it into a nice pair of shorts no one is hurt. Maybe you offend a person or two, but for most people it's not anything more than a guideline.
If they have problems with moderator workload then they could just add more moderators.... I mean, I am not a historian, but I can read a comment or post and figure out if it complies with the rules.
Does this "flair panel" have a reason for not creating one beyond those that have already been listed, or are you just suggesting they're willing to hold us hostage over them?
Yeah... the blue is the west.
You just haven’t put it together yet... It’s the women who ARE colorful as fuck already. The choosers are the men in our world. It’s just that humans use sex casually before the real choosing that is throwing you.
It may also be a crime not to report a death. This obviously depends on several factors, such as jurisdiction.
Troll.
If nothing else, the current system improves continuity of government and increases the power of the election result. Hypothetically, if a candidate dies after the nomination deadline but before the electors vote then they can substitute in the VP candidate for president and try to reach a consensus for the new VP.
Oh gosh... My first intention was to do insurance defense. I was literally so bored with that that I barely went a week. Now a lot of my practice is Family law. Same laws over and over, but the situations are always a bit strange.
Met this girl online. I recall when I tried to open the door for her at the restaurant she launched into a feminism-inspired rant about how she could/wanted to open her own doors. After that, I felt I was walking on egg shells. Had no interest in her anymore, but finished the date off anyway.... I realized later I open the door for everyone.
The best advice I have for this is to try to find the subreddit for people who already have that job instead. The subs that are just about career advice in general tend to be pretty dead.
I don’t have a problem with wealthy people existing. I think the ability to shift wealth to the next generation is the only area that logically is objectionable to some extent. As far as money buying things, that’s the point of it. You also seem to miss the implication of my last sentence in that the wealthy who care to do this have already been doing this, up to and including emigrating out of the country in some cases. Finally, I consider this area to be a logical hole in leftist ideology. The rich need to stay, but let’s let in more poor people for the money to support!
Don’t they all start like that?
Not with automoderator.
*Ghost* - Peter Griffin
Police’s duty to everyone is equivalent to duty to no one in particular. Limited resources is the main reason.
There are women and gay dudes?
Yes... giving alcohol to dogs is animal abuse....?
No. I am questioning why a guy thinks no one is attracted to tall men.
Well, no. In the US nearly all politics is conducted behind closed doors, for better or worse. All of these senators already know what is going to happen. The senate trial is for show. Nixon, you may recall, was never even impeached. Instead, he was told that the conclusion would be his removal and he chose to bow out instead of make them do it. This isn’t corruption, they just actually communicate freely - not just in hearings or meetings.
Honestly, I think searching independently and posting on reddit was likely a massive fuck up. Title insurance exists to fight this stuff for you... you shouldn’t need to do your own search.
Your right to free speech is revoked then. What you gonna do? Sue me? And complain to who? And ask for a new law against this passed by who? Exactly.
No one in the whole country is required to self incriminate and yet convictions occur all the time. The barrier this posses is greatly exaggerated.
I can only conclude that I wanted to feel superior again when my mind decided this post should exist.
It’s not a criminal issue without doing more than owning the property. I imagine the exact requirements change by state. It can still be a civil issue, but there are exceptions even then... like, one can typically knock on someone’s front door without being considered a trespasser.
I disagree as to chicken, but I can see how you might prefer McDonald’s.
I just did that...
I mean... sounds like it should be a university course instead.
The department of education doesn’t even do what most people think it does. It mostly administers student loans.
Do you think lying under oath is acceptable?
Perjury traps aren't a thing. You can't be trapped into lying. He was being sued civilly for sexual harassment which was alleged to have occurred when he was Governor of Arkansas.
Coca-Cola.
Tex-Mex
Maybe. What you did and where matters, so unfortunately you'd need to speak to a local attorney to get an idea.
Removed for requesting legal advice. Also, you should probably not be admitting to committing a crime online. P.s. at first glance, that looks to me to be a sentencing guideline - not a statute of limitations. I.e. It's saying 3 years if you were 17 when the photo was taken.
&gt;1) Should Trump order Barr, or the justice department, to investigate Obama specifically for his role in “Obamagate”? No. There is no reason to do so. It will either happen or it won't. &gt;2) Relatedly, should Trump order Barr to charge Obama for “Obamagate” related crimes? If so, what crimes specifically? No. Barr himself rarely has a hand in charging decisions, why should Trump? &gt;3) What evidence should Trump/Barr rely on to charge Obama with crimes? Why would we know that? &gt;4) What should Trump do to endure his case results in a guilty verdict? (Ie, does he need to appt a new judge to a certain district) Trump should avoid being involved.
Less than "overwhelming majority", but more than "some" or "a few".
He hasn't activated the insurrection act. He's commented he'd be willing to if that's what's required. I'm not sure it's an obvious need yet, but at least he's obviously aware that there is a next step if the lawlessness continues.
I suppose it's really different kinds of activists in my mind, but a protester isn't really effective in my view at affecting real change. One that stuck out in my mind I met recently is an attorney who advocates for children to be able to get abortions. Every court case has the potential to do much more than any one protestor ever does.
Honestly, most of my black friends are disgusted by the looters and recognize that the system was working in this instance so are confused why it sparked protests.
When did protesting ever accomplish anything?
Seems like it was until recently.
Mississippi, can you just not? You're dragging down our averages in basically every category... maybe just stay quiet.
It's always the time to question what government officials are doing. This is a thread about Mississippi. Pointing out they're one of the worst offenders is not only acceptable, it should be expected. If this was a thread about the US and we called out Mississippi it would be another matter, but it's not.
That's not what I said and implying that it either is or that I should be quiet about my opinion on Mississippi are both deeply rude and offensive.
Telling someone that what they said wasn't appropriate is rude... You apparently misunderstood what I was saying, but that doesn't change anything. And, let me get this straight... You're told you're being rude and your reaction is to insult the person you were being rude to rather than apologize? Odd.
The election would not be postponed. At this point, technically neither is the nominee. They are officially nominated in August at the convention. At any point before then, in the event of death the party will select a new nominee. After that, it is a bit debatable... but, likely the election would continue as normally except the electors would likely actually have to exercise some judgment. If this fails to give any one candidate the majority then the house will select the winner.
Before the Department of Education, its functions existed in other departments. Some functions have actually existed since Andrew Jackson, but they've shuffled through various other areas. All that is accomplished by having a Department of Education is: 1. You pay more for the salary of a secretary of education than you might otherwise for its administrator. 2. You have a cabinet secretary holding that title to signal that education is important. Without this, one of the cabinet secretaries would still be over those areas and have the relevant knowledge. Look, it's not a lot of money - but it is an easily identified issue.
Obama isn't president anymore and has nothing to do with the way I reason. I also don't respond well to other types of logical fallacy. I don't give a fuck what other people think. This is how I think. If it even really is an ad hominem attack doesn't change my reaction. Edit: Since there seem to be a lot of questions about this - When someone suddenly brings Obama up out of no where I normally find that they're assuming I feel a certain way about him. Trump has never run against Obama, so it's a major assumption that anyone supporting Trump felt any particular way about Obama. Trump WAS obviously antagonistic towards Obama back before Trump ran for office, but ... Well, that's hardly a reason to vote or not vote for anyone.
I think you're twisting the context as part of asking this question. Trump is somewhat a known quality. I support the type of government he runs. I accept he is a flawed individual, but so is everyone else. One or two flaws is not enough for me to change my vote.
Actually, yes. Sometimes I think they're funny, but usually I take them with a grain of salt. He tends to pick out some fairly benign thing to point out about people.
I've already addressed this.
Not in those contexts, no.
Oh, you're right. I suppose it is more complicated than just ad hominem vs not. It would have to be that certain attacks on him are just totally irrelevant to the discussion. For instance, anything about his personal appearance is just ... it's totally unimportant. I've also, from my experiences, found that anyone who opens with that is generally uninformed and won't be launching into any intelligent discourse. Likewise, anyone who attacks his supporters for being "racist" is generally engaging in a type of "if you're not with us, you're against us" reasoning and there is essentially no reason to even engage with them - they clearly have no interest in being open minded and haven't for so long that they've probably been just slurping up the anti-trump koolaid. So, it's really more people just engaging in red herring issue now that I think about it.
It's not like Trump is a doctor on the front line. He's dealing with big-picture issues nearly exclusively. He likely gets a briefing every day. He has staff that is focused on this issue who will come to him when they have something he needs to know about or make a decision on... but he's not going to add anything more even if he somehow figured out a way to add an extra hour in the day and spent all his time on Rona.
Why are impartial police valuable?
No. I'm not willing to explain vocabulary.
I most often see it on the internet. I most often immediately close whatever I was consuming and don't see the rest of it.
&gt;If you are in fact researching these things, does it change how you feel about him when something negative about him turns out to be true? I consider if this new information makes him worse than the most likely person to run against him in the next election. &gt;How do you determine it to be true? I actually take it as you've just asked a clarifying question to the answer to THIS question... so... not sure what you're trying to ask. &gt;I ask this because a lot of TS supporters in general dismiss things as fake news. Now it's one thing when a news outlet puts something that's out there that's clearly a lie. But what about the things that are true, that you wouldn't see on a network like OAN or FOX? Fake news means the news is biased, not literally fake. We have this debate a lot, but it's quite clear if you look at the context Trump and his supporters use the phrase that this is the attributed meaning. Please consider this definition and re-read my top comment with the reflection of this reality.
Okay, I think I'm going to explain this as best I can... If there are two candidates. One dresses like a literal clown. The other occasionally mentions they support murdering 1 American every minute and, if elected, they promise to appoint Supreme Court justices that support that too. Which do you vote for? You vote for the clown. Now, are there other issues you'd consider those murders worth it for? Maybe... I mean... I can't think of anything quite so clear cut that you'd say was worth going the other way, but I'm willing to believe it might exist. Now, what do you*, in this hypothetical,* think of the people who point out the clown dresses like one? Edit: added the part *in italics* for clarification.
So, you think his complexion has anything to do with ... which issue of national importance?
I can just do that... It's super easy.
Yeah, but like... there have been more than 47 million abortions performed in the US in last 50 years?
The founder of planned parenthood was a racist. Abortion occurs disproportionately among the black population. We are talking about it.
My position is that your immorality and oppression has culminated in the death of at least 20 million black babies.
I've answered this several times, but this is my favorite version: https://www.reddit.com/r/AskTrumpSupporters/comments/gx28n6/is_there_anyone_whos_criticism_of_trump_you_would/ft0d8kh/
I've answered this question at least 15 times. Please find and read one of the other answers.
Really? How does [this](https://www.reddit.com/r/AskTrumpSupporters/comments/gx28n6/is_there_anyone_whos_criticism_of_trump_you_would/ft0d8kh/), not fully answer that question?
lol, I'm a little disappointed this is so far down on this subreddit. I think some of my responses have been pretty good.
I mean, the US did...
Oh? When is it necessary for someone to choose who lives and who dies?
How would he source that?
You know how people are proud they came from nothing? Some of the south still hasn't financially recovered form the civil war.
I don’t feel that way. Actually, I feel that Democrat’s attempts to help black people have done the opposite. For instance, if you made it illegal to fire someone based on their race you actually discourage them being hired in the first place. I realize that is illegal too, but it won’t stop everyone.
You think everyone agrees with you? No. That's not the case.
No. I'd describe it as representing a region of the US.
Interesting. I honestly didn't know that.
I'm not sure what that is, but I'm assuming so as the Libertarians tend to just go with more of a hands off approach.
Oh? Has someone been asking for reparations? Are the slaves still alive to receive them?
No?? But, we're talking about the flag. Could you please stay on topic?
Assume you're not racist. If you can be sued for firing person A, but not for firing person B. Who do you hire in the first place, if they're otherwise equal?
I don't think patriotism is the point.
No. What good would that do?
Stop trying to infantilize them. Stop imposing "protections" on them that make it more difficult for them to be treated equally.
Do you have to have done it to be sued in the US? No.
I tried it for like 3 sessions. I found myself writing down phases other people said constantly. It turned into this whole extra mini-game in social situation.
This fits the hypothetical too.
There are coyotes and a large owl where we live. We purposefully do not keep small dogs and we make our dogs use the buddy system. So far no problems.
Yes, but I actually hold advanced degrees in relevant areas.
It's approved now.
No. I'm saying people do, not that you should.
This was removed. It violates rule 2.
No. The word "thug" cannot be racially insensitive. There is no race connotation.
It's an obviously flawed paper - They don't have a control group.
https://www.reddit.com/r/AskTrumpSupporters/comments/gyxlxc/how_do_you_feel_about_the_controversy_surrounding/fteg0gl/
I read it, but it wasn't relevant to the discussion.
Indeed.
If they don't care enough to do something fairly minimal, I question if they even really care. I mean, on some level I think there is more value in an election if it's not just people, but people who care enough to put in a small amount of effort. For instance, if you can't be bothered to drive to the polling place, request an absentee ballot, or something equally easy then I'm not sure I care what you think anymore.
I mean, I'm not suggesting it's a chore. That said, having to sit there for like 10-20 minutes while the worker fills out the paperwork for the sale with you is a little tedious.
You need more to this question. Actually use the extra space to ask follow ups and give context for why you're asking.
Yes. The only problem is that often times lobbyists will attempt to pervert the aim of government in pricing in externalities.
You can say thanks now without using a question mark at all, btw.
You should probably have to go at some point when the poll is open or do a little preplanning.
It IS standard.
The question didn’t ask about results.
Why would it be winning? You don't ever know what happens unless you actually try.
It does. Obama was somewhat fucked by the current events. Look lets be honest, Obamacare is a half measure. It would be much better if we just got Universal Healthcare instead. That said... 1. I'm not sure Obama actually wanted Universal Healthcare. Maybe he did and didn't think he could get it, but he certainly didn't try to get it. 2. If Obama did want it, he was still fucked by the recession that was occurring when he took office. Without getting into the details of the math on this, it's just fucking stupid to add any taxes (and yes, universal healthcare is going to be a tax increase, just like Obamacare was technically a tax) in a recession. THEN by the time the recession was actually over you had republicans in office and, lets be real, they weren't going to let Obama pass his dream plan willingly.
You realize most trump supporters on here want Universal Healthcare, right?
No, just here. It's come up a lot in the past and at least 80% of us want Universal Healthcare. Honestly, my only caveat is I want something like what Nixon advocated for, not Medicare for all... Medicare for all is like a premium tier insurance, I want assistance for low income, but like... a high deductible plan for everyone else.
Do you actually care or are you just annoyed football season hasn't started back up again?
The US Flag code is really just guidelines for employees of the US government, there are no penalties for not following it. At least, for a citizen who isn't a government employee... I'll admit I'm not sure if you can get in trouble in the other two cases.
No. The first amendment is a thing.
&gt;Congress shall make no law respecting an establishment of religion, or prohibiting the free exercise thereof; or abridging the freedom of speech, or of the press; or the right of the people peaceably to assemble, and to petition the Government for a redress of grievances. I'm obviously referencing the first sentence, not the second.
I'm not sure it has a limit. The United States is built on the assumption that people are fundamentally moral from the perspective of its christian founding fathers. Something that can't be reconciled with christianity perhaps should fail the test. But, of course, this argument flies in the face of the first amendment's actual words. Still, I don't know if it flies in the face of the intent. So, in short... I don't know. My feeling is that it should fail, but I also don't see sexual acts as really deserving the same level of scrutiny of the color of one's skin when it comes to discrimination.
I didn't argue anything about free speech. I've already clarified that.
&gt;first amendment is related to separation of church and state -Are these Catholic adoption agencies state funded? Yes and no. They receive funding for caring for legal orphans, who are normally the responsibility of the state to care for. &gt;Are they tax exempt? Yes, it is a charity who also received charitable contributions.
No. This would be preventing it.
No. I cannot understand what you don’t understand.
No. The Catholic Church, to my knowledge, does not recognize “cannot” have children. You’re either having sex with no barrier to procreation or you’re not.
Yes. Assuming they’re not attempting to operate at a for-profit basis.
There is an attempt at orgasming without there being a penis inside a vagina together with full openness towards the conception of a child by the participant. This includes masturbation. And using contraceptives.
Yes.
1. The Catholic Church rejects your assertion that their entire religion is reflected in the Bible, that's a protestant belief. 2. Matthew 18:17. 3. I mean, part of the fact pattern in the case linked is literally other adoption agencies that discriminate on the basis of race.
Miracles are a thing within the Catholic faith.
No. They lack the parts to even actually have sex.
The funny part is, in this article the state was only defunding the catholics, not the people discriminating based on race.
Well, no. I think if it were a non-religious government funded adoption center they'd be purely restricted based on wishes of parents, which might still prevent a gay couple from adopting some particular children, but then the non-religious government funded option would obviously have alternative children since at least 50% of people wouldn't care or wouldn't care enough to request otherwise.
&gt;Who said anything about a jury trial? I did, because I felt it was relevant. &gt;Are you directly involved with financing and paying for the care these children receive by the state? I'm directly involved with billing the state for conducing a jury trial and, as an attorney, have a knowledge of how many people are involved and the expense there of. I also know how much it costs the state to house a foster child and what happens if the situation continues. Your question was fully answered, as was the follow up questions. If you did not understand the answer, I suggest more follow up questions.
&gt;Are you in support of having biological parents providing similar restrictions for adopting when they aren't specifically involved with their care? Yes, because sometimes that's the only thing that would make a parent who has to choose between giving up their child and seeing if the state can force them to give up their child choose to give the child up...
That's the protestant denominations, Catholics don't source the Bible for everything.
&gt; Yes im an american? Are you? Yes. &gt; Absolutely, however Catholics in the US vote really heavily in the conservative direction. No, they actually don't all. &gt;Conservatives in exchange enact policies that the religious want. The Republican Party tends to vote in favor of Evangelical christian's desires, not Catholics. &gt; Alot of those policies go against the teachings of the catholic church. Right? Some do, yes.
I feel like we must be looking at different links... What you just linked showed a nearly even split for catholics between the two parties' presidential candidates. &gt;So why is it that US "Catholics" can vote against what the church says, vote against what the word of God is, and still be inline with God? They aren't. &gt;How is the US catholic system, not an offshoot, as evangelicals? I don't understand this question. &gt;How can they even claim to be Catholics then? This presupposed an answer to the previous question. Look, I've been answering all your questions, you're not actually helping yourself by asking many questions in a row like this if I'm going to tell you I don't understand or disagree with the previous point. &gt;Lets bring this back to the original idea, if Catholics are not cooperating by catholic church beliefs, then they for the sake of the argument might as well be any other religion, or cult. Why should any religion or cult have any involvement in the government? But, they ARE cooperating in the church's teachings.
1. I'd maintain free medical care for those eligible for medicaid today. 2. For medical &amp; hospital: $1500 deductible, 20% Copay, $7000 maximum out of pocket. No charge for births and prenatal. 3. $5 Generics, $25 brand names, $100/mo max, and free contraceptives for 90 day+ supplies or longer term options. 4. No coverage for routine foot care or missed visits. 5. Dental included in medical. 6. No vision coverage, except for those at medicaid level. 7. Government acts as clearing agent for insurance companies that provide supplements to fill in holes in above. 8. To pay for it, additional employment taxes in whatever rate is required. No maximum. 9. All numbers above are inflation indexed.
Eh, I forgot everyone else was afraid of their shadow. My life has gone back to normal due to living in the greatest country in the United States.
I've already addressed this.
So, congress can do it, but not with the commerce clause.
I think it makes more sense to just go with the higher cutoff. I would probably remove states totally from determining eligibility and paying a portion of the bill, except for as employment taxes. I don’t really think states with higher numbers of unhealthy poor people should be paying for it themselves. I think It’s probably a function of people moving to places that are more desireable for them because they’re poor and/or unhealthy. Offering better assistance for the homeless is a positive thing. Having nicer weather doesn’t mean more tax dollars automatically.
Heterosexual couples can lie...
My last eye exam was $85. The glasses were $54.80, including high index lenses, anti-reflective coating, and shipping. The frames, including basic lenses were $9.95, but my prescription is moderately high.
You don't have to include a question, you just need to use the word "thanks" or "thank" instead. This isn't a change to the rule 3, just making it easier to actually talk normally.
Happy cake day!
It doesn't say that. I summarized. I didn't actually hear this originally through this document, but summarized from church officials. [The purpose of marriage is the creation of life and married couples are not to thwart that.](https://www.vatican.va/archive/ccc_css/archive/catechism/p3s2c2a6.htm#2366) [Masturbation is against the natural order and immoral](https://www.vatican.va/archive/ccc_css/archive/catechism/p3s2c2a6.htm#2352)
Because sexual pleasure is commensurate with sexual acts.
&gt;Even based on that explanation, there is purpose in a lot of biological actions. Does the church care if we eat only for pleasure? Like ice cream? Yes. Gluttony is a sin.
I mean, I do. Yes.
I'd remind you that the Catholic Church doesn't actually hold that everything important to the religion is in the Bible... but, obviously there should be limits. The problem is that when two or more rights interact you need to make a judgment call on which one wins and it's reasonable to not force a charity associated with a major religion to violate the tenant of the religion, especially if you're choosing to allow discrimination by other groups of different rights.
Essentially all Supreme Court opinions. I'll try to remember to come back and give you some good examples.
No. Women’s groups have even come out saying they believe the accusations but hate Trump.
Well, if we stop testing then we'd have more comparable statistics from a methodology standpoint to other countries of a similar size. I don't see any value in paying attention to raw statistics of cases though, I just care about the number of beds free for new ones.
The entire American people as they slowly realize Donald Trump is infinitely better than creepy uncle Joe.
His flair is deleted... Watch, in a few months it'll pop up as "China" and he'll be focusing on telling everyone that tiananmen square didn't happen.
I mean, even before that they willingly chose to engage in a sport where if you're not wearing proper gear you can have an ear ripped off...
Texas is quite large. Honestly, we've already been debating which major city is best. I've been losing most of those, I think... or, at least I'm out numbered.
What makes you dislike Biden?
You got this removed by your unneeded ending, btw. "question mark ?". You can now just say thanks without a question. It's up now.
There was an election. The stated reason for the protest was that Trump had won. Protesting because you don't like the person everyone else likes just feels like a pointless exercise. What could it ever accomplish?
Eh, sometimes I want a nice IPA. Sometimes I want a chocolate stout. Sometimes I want a mass-produced lager.
You stop allowing the immigrants and the businesses will have to either: 1. Pay a higher rate so the job can be completed and/or 2. Automate the job, creating a small number of EVEN HIGHER paying jobs.
Trump shouldn't take any responsibility for this. 1. Covid-19 is depressing some people. If anything Donald Trump was more reactive to this than most people were. To the extent there are complaints about his reaction, they seem to be politically motivated by the democrats wanting the next president to be their guy. 2. BLM and the associated protests and riots is mostly a manufactured scandal. The situation with George Floyd is rare, even though it would be nice if it never happened. The cops were charged. Everything that should've happened in response was done. Leftist groups are continuing to push this narrative and expand it, likely due to the upcoming election - again - because the democrats want the next president to be their guy.
&gt;What about Blackstone's - better to let ten guilty escape than one unjustly suffer? You need to get arrested for that. &gt;If we're gunning down innocent EMTs in their beds, are current procedures really worth that happening at all? I don't seem to recall a protest 2 months ago.
I am actually with them on the renters thing. A few is probably fine, but renters tend to care less about the home they are in or their neighborhood than owners.
The survey excluding people that actually follow local news. Pretty easy to get things to seem like they’re fine when you don’t read the native language of the place you’re judging.
Flat earth is a debate exercise... though, some people might not realize that's what it is and take things a little too far.
Well, my wife and I are trying to have a baby.
&gt; Elaborate. How does, for example, Civil Rights take away from the rights of others? Well, that's really easy. If there are 10,000 people in a town and only 4,000 people can actually vote, then they've got a much bigger voice in that election than they do if the 10,000 people can vote. Now, you've obviously reading this going, "but everyone should be allowed to vote!" well, yeah. But, that doesn't mean that the 4,000 didn't have their voice quieted a little so that everyone could have one. It can both be correct AND a limiting of someone else's rights. &gt; As for your second point, that hurts no one but other immigrants who are already being victimized by our immigration system to begin with. The people crossing illegally do so because more often than not they will quite literally die in line if they don’t. Immigrants aren't being "victimized" by the immigration system. The people waiting in line have to wait longer because other immigrants are skipping the line.
Nearly everyone qualifies for student loans. As long as you major in something that will lead to a good paying job then it should make sense to take out loans for a college degree.
I handle my own traffic tickets. Does that count?
Bernie Sanders ran for president...?
Oh? And where was he referring to people on the extreme right holding office?
I mean, making a list of extreme leftists takes a while and I don’t intend to even respond again if you do.
yeah, but that's what? More than daily?
Trump doesn't actually have the same level of control that the government of South Korea does. The US splits power between the state and federal government. The US is also 7 times the population of South Korea while also being nearly 100 times the size. Just saying... We took some time to ramp up.
Unfortunately, not every social problem in the country really rests on the president to be able to fix. How states operate police their departments? Not really a federal issue. At best, you can appoint some federal judges that favor a certain solution but that's kinda.. slow. And, Covid? Anyone who points to another country and says "they did so great, why didn't we do that great?" Well, we're a massive country in comparison or their country is doing worse than us.
To be blunt, I think a lot of recent candidates only really want what's best for themselves. I believe this of Biden, I believed this of Hillary. I didn't believe it true for Obama and I don't believe it true of Trump.
By Elon Musk's definition, yes. lol Incidentally, Elon had a tweet a few weeks ago that I'd interpret as him saying he's now a Trump Supporter.
I think that's the most obvious thing.
https://twitter.com/elonmusk/status/1262076474565242880?s=20 https://twitter.com/IvankaTrump/status/1262095075963736064?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw%7Ctwcamp%5Etweetembed&amp;ref_url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.foxnews.com%2Ftech%2Felon-musk-take-the-red-pill-tweet
And, when is the first time his children were attacked in public for who their father is?
Someone reported this comment for proxy modding. 1. Moderators don't politely ask people to direct questions into other threads as part of their role. 2. He is a moderator. I don't think he could proxy mod if he tried.
you can report to the attorney general, but you have to like... know that's what you do. I don't think everyone does.
Oh, probably 9mm. Every study I've seen shows negligible difference between 9mm and any larger common pistol caliber. My understanding is you don't see noticeable difference in result until you switch to a shotgun or a rifle.
The threat is that if you don’t come to the DA’s thing it’s going to be a black mark on your career.
Yeah, I misread that. Fair enough.
regex should be in single quotes.
Removed. Rule 8. "EF = Entitled Father" Please correct and then request the story restored.
I would oppose it as federal government overreach. State governments should either do that or begin issuing licenses to be a police officer. Either way, States could then freely decide how much weight to give other State's lists. They could also require potential hires to fill out paperwork telling them which States they've worked in to make it easy to check the other lists. It is also common for States to work together to purposefully pass laws that are more or less identical to other State's laws if they're trying to be consistent.
He hasn't stated his goals for a second term yet. He was asked not long ago what he intended to do with a second term - he dodged the question. It doesn't concern me that he hasn't stated a list of goals yet. I'd expect one in the next few months, if nothing else I'd expect him to have proposals for the Republican National Convention or the First Presidential Debate, at the latest. This situation has no affect on my support of Trump. I would consider him superior to Biden even if all he promised was to keep doing the same things he was already doing.
I don't understand what you're trying to ask.
Sure, but I don't expect to change my vote even if all he says is "more of that other shit".
In my state, it is more likely to be enforceable.
I don't actually know. A presidential election is often a choice between two people and between Trump and another Republican is hard to decide without knowing who the Republican would've been. I might've decided for Ted Cruz if he was running against Trump in the general. At the time, I disliked Ted Cruz... but, I think I might've found Trump's behavior towards him more insulting than I did in the primary. Then again, since the election I've heard Ted Cruz talk more than I did in the primary so... it's hard to know if he would've persuaded me to vote for him if he had more time to share his views.
Maybe. I voted for both of them.
Obama was the front runner. The statement about the Central Park incident said that the perpetrators should face severe punishment without specifying who he believed that to be.
Well, first... his comments were published. Could you at least link those rather than the opinion of someone else? And, nothing about suggesting someone whose father and brother were born in a foreign country might have not been born in the US is inherently racist.
