In the spring I was in a boot for five weeks. I take link to Westlake for my commute, in that time there was not a single day that all of the escalators were working. And for about a week the closest elevator for where I'm going wasn't working. It wouldn't have been so bad if you knew from the mezzanine but sometimes I would have to go part way to the street and turn back.
I have a love of porcelain skin like yours
This is one of those photos that makes me think "if I had ovaries they would explode"
But why the Mercator projection!?
Ah the 37th view of my. Fuji
It's my understanding that porn theaters are staying afloat off of men wanting to have anonymous encounters with other men
I love musical theater and sucking dick. (BTW, my current favorite musical is a show called hadestown and it's coming to Broadway in the spring and even though it's across the continent, I'm stoked about it)
Well I'm at the taco truck for the third time this week, so... Not yet
We had a cat that loved all seafood, especially shellfish. Our family tradition is to have crab on New year's Eve, after a couple of years of her jumping everywhere trying to get crab we finally started just giving her some through the meal. She was a weird cat, loved a weird about of human food (including coffee), and was dumb as a brick, but we sure did love her.
On a scale from judge Judy to Snoop Dogg, how stoned were you when you did this?
Death goals
I chugged two glasses of water earlier and then went down some stairs, I had to stop for a minute so I didn't throw up the water I so desperately needed. I fucking hate that feeling.
You don't say. It's crazy but it just might work
So cute! And your hair looks awesome
Wow, my state has had legal weed long enough that there are whole new slang terms I don't know.
Two years ago I quit biting my nails so I'm the opposite, I can't stand it for long and cut them within a couple of days but I love the sound and feeling of my nails on my phone screen
They do look great, but I think in the dress on the right they look a touch bolt-on, but most of the time they're flawless
I want two things right now: 1. Monique screaming as if she were a fog horn as my text message ringtone 2. Monique to be my Google Assistant voice, America. 3. Monique to have a four episode arc on pose 4. Dick. (You got a couple extra for your nerve.)
Same thing with Bob Wehadababyiteaboy
Don't yuck someone's yum.
The newest buses do have this, but we're not used to it yet
Sucking to hard on your lollipop, or Love's gonna get you down
It's easy, the team that gets the puck in the correct goal the most times wins.
It's not uncommon to know people's HIV status in my world, but I know more people's than you'd expect and far too many details as how they either got HIV or the ways they should have.
Drag
That was STUPID. but i loved it.
Is anyone else getting "the prisoner" vibes? I love it
Yeah I'm aware of chasers, not my scene whatsoever
It was STUPID. I LOVED IT
Musicals: Of all time: West side story. I've seen so many productions of this show it's insane. I love it every time. Right now: Hadestown. They just announced their Broadway opening. Plays: Of all time: ooof this is harder, either A Doll House (clock the username) or Angels in America. Right now: this ties in with musicals, but the house of Bernarda Alba, I'm working on summiting the musical adaptation to be produced next year and me direct so I've read it like four times in the last two weeks.
Die mad.
I'm stoked
I'm in Seattle so I didn't get a chance for those productions but I figure one of the regional theaters will do Angels in the next couple of years. The bring it on isn't so much an homage as they just had the sharks and the Jets as the teams. It was spectacularly bad
Serving Columbia meets Norma Desmond.
Wait, your foot cramps just from pointing your toes? That doesn't seem normal...
Her name is Madonna.
Last Monday my buddies took me up to the view level of Colombia tower, it was a spectacular day. Totally worth it
Is "menorah" such an obscure Hebrew word? I feel like that's a pretty common one.
I love how they claim it doesn't look like a tree and a menorah when I saw it instantly and without labels because it was the sync preview.
Friends? It's not a problem any more.
Is the guy on the left super attractive or am I just THAT single?
... Go on....
The scene where they're taking the baby downstairs in children of men
I see her all the time, she picks up the bus outside my work.
Would you be OK with a Marshmallow Fluff based fudge recipe? This one is the one my mother has used for at least 30 years: https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/228782/the-original-fantasy-fudge/ and based on what I can find online fluff doesn't seem to have artificial coloring or flavoring. The [stuff I know](https://www.target.com/p/marshmallow-fluff-frosting-16oz/-/A-14773337?ref=tgt_adv_XS000000&amp;AFID=google_pla_df&amp;fndsrc=tgtao&amp;CPNG=PLA_DVM%2BHooklogic%2BShopping&amp;adgroup=Afrin&amp;LID=700000001170770pgs&amp;network=g&amp;device=c&amp;location=9033305&amp;&amp;ref=tgt_adv_XS000000&amp;AFID=google_pla_df&amp;fndsrc=tmnv&amp;CPNG=PLA_DVM%2BHooklogic%2BShopping&amp;adgroup=Afrin&amp;LID=700000001170770pgs&amp;network=g&amp;device=c&amp;location=9033305&amp;fndsrc=tmnv&amp;gclid=Cj0KCQiA3b3gBRDAARIsAL6D-N-CqdYBymL1JZd7aswq8cDT-_w16-G9959SK_bjb1G0KaWzO6MKj5MaAhv-EALw_wcB&amp;gclsrc=aw.ds) only has four ingredients, but availability of that particular brand varies as far as I can tell.
I would think Kevin Sorbo might be more famous than Kevin McHale, but I don't follow sports so I might just be completely wrong.
90's Hercules
I don't think I can take it.
Yes, good idea AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA I feel much better
Is that... Not normal? I live in Seattle, that's pretty normal here
SEA is that way too now.
those are some suspicious quotation marks...
&gt; I’ve never heard this song until today. Girl, congrats on learning about Jolene, it's a great song! Maybe use it to jump into Dolly's oeuvre? It's amazing!
So this is going to be bad, right?
It's really aged SUPER poorly
*woman one has a human 2.0 body.* Woman 2: hey, nice body! Woman one: thanks! It has pockets!
That's my stance on all shared substances, with the one exception of if harm will be caused by not forcing it. I've had a number of people challenge me when I say something similar with a dumb challenge like "what about air and someone refuses to breathe!?" So I amended the rule to shut those people up
I have two: First: don't get dead. Second: if you're going to wear underwear, they should be cute.
It's gay_irl because we all want to yell at Lena Dunam? ACCURATE
Normally I'm more interested in darker skinned guys, but something about this type of pale skin is really doing it for me
Two thoughts: That's a nice looking dick I find that when I have to specify no PnP that's not a guy I want to meet up with.
Wait, why is nina the reality?
Baby how you feelin?
I'm so glad this didn't end in her going to AMDA
My "I'm sad, I'm poor, and I don't particularly want to cook" "dish" is a box of broccoli cheese rice a Roni and some sausages. I make the rice a Roni per the box, meanwhile, slice the sausages into medallions and brown in a dry pan. Put the sausage on a plate, top with all of the rice a Roni. Enjoy.
Taco Time
Why is Zachery Ty Bryan from 1998 reffing soccer?
Stick to Nazis, they deserve it
Mine was two and a half years ago and I'm intensely single and have been for years, but I went. I spent the entire time finding fun ways to bring up being gay. My favorite moment was after the actual reunion we went to a bar, so I get to the bar and peruse my beer options. They happened to have a shandy on tap so I got it because I love a shandy. This woman who was, at the time, the fiance of a former classmate asked what I was drinking, so I told her, then added, "because it's the gayest thing I could order." She stopped for a full beat, then gingerly asked "is that...a thing in your life?" To which I responded, "oh, yeah, I'm hella gay." I laughed, my former classmate laughed, she finally laughed. Turns out she's from the liberal part of the state (where I live now) and was warned about the crazy conservative nature of our home town and she didn't know if I was being serious or making a super off color bigoted joke.
It sounds like a type of jello mold. The thing about jello molds is that there are a number it techniques you can learn and then reuse to make your own. Looking up pear jello mold might get you close, but it's very possible that there isn't an actual recipe, it's just something your friend started making.
... Yes
Sure Jan
She was having the best day of her year and I'm so glad to see it, so glad to see it
I love when a top can make me make that face
And I bet a bunch of people will hate it because it's a simple, classic look. An evening gown doesn't need to be all sparkles, spangles, and tomfoolery, sometimes a classic silhouette and a great color takes you all the way there.
Maybe it wouldn't have been flat if pearl decided to pad. jk Kamora. (also, it's annoying that we have to make it clear we're making a joke in a drag sub, Dorian Corey would shake her head)
I have always felt Fame's drag persona is intentionally controlled and subdued in that "mysterious super model" sort of way, though I don't know if she'd describe it that way herself. I always found her more charming out of drag.
Meanwhile March of the Mistletomosexuals happened last night too and involved a tonne more glitter and skin.
There are some very odd label choices here. Identified Portland, but no cities in California, and randomly Mt. Baker as the only peak marked on the map.
Oh man, remember Chuck and Al?
Dua Lipa's new music video is coming along I see
I wanted this to turn into a "karma's a bitch" video so bad
I started going to yoga, still working up to my goal of twice a week but I've lost a bit of weight and I feel so much better
The cute barista started flirting with me yesterday after I ordered cold Brew. It was great
Please tell me I'm not the only one who saw this and wondered how it tastes
I can... Feel this in my sinuses and it's not pleasant
I feel very attacked. This is the one thing that has gotten worse with yoga. But it feels great when everything cracks
Monet X Change needs to STOP
I can turn my right foot all the way around (so it's pointing behind me) without my hips moving. Totally thought that was normal, but nope, a curious doctor finally did an x-ray and we discovered that when I broke my leg when I was young the doctor set it wrong so the bones are twisted on that side.
that's not normal? oh.
I love both being caged and playing with caged guys. Keep huffing, I'll make you cum no matter how long it takes me
Work Marcel duchamo fish
I few months ago I was chatting with a friend who asked how old I was, without hesitating and with all the confidence in the world I said "thirty five" my buddy looked at me and went "no you're not." "Oh that's right, I'm thirty one, I don't know why I said thirty five, oh well"
I watch in a bar where they have projection screens so it's a pretty big screen
How's your head?
who TF is Jakeyonce?
I'm a thirty two year old man, I have no shame in not knowing who internet people are
Dat dick doe
That's some black magic fuckery right there
That's just what happens when you try to touch the divine.
THAT'S A SLANT RHYME
You mean Eyjafjallajökull?
When I first joined Reddit, eight years ago, one of the common meme comments was how "socks are lube for pants"
I really enjoyed her book, interesting stuff and a small window into the crazy that is and surrounds Tom cruz
If she's still alive (I hope she is, and she writes a tell all takedown) Also: hi Karin! Just remember when you're ready to leave there's tons of support out here for you.
/r/niceguys
Congrats to Laser for quitting!
She's the head of public affairs in Scientology. Leah Remani told Reddit that she would be reading everything the internet has to say about the "church" so any time it's brought up we try to encourage Karin to get out.
Literally you just swipe up from the bottom for the app drawer, no third party launcher needed.
Could you please put that on a stable surface please?
But is it Arlenian or Arlenite?
How angry is the peacock?
She has a Wikipedia page about her that at least seems to indicate that she's still in that position
Then I'm probably dead
Trouble maker. It details the last couple years or so of her still being in Scientology. It's a good read
It has not aged well in the slightest
If it's a small amount I'm sure it will be fine, but if they ingested lots of yardage I would seek medical attention
My mother's chili recipe just says "cumin to taste (you need more than you think, just keep going)"
That's like the time I went to a "bad Halloween costume" themed party where I went as life and tried to give people lemons. By the end of the party I hid eight lemons in my friend's apartment. The look on her face when I went to hug her goodbye and said "I've hidden eight lemons in your apartment" was amazing
The favourite is one of my top five movies of the year it is great
I finally retired my OG pixel XL yesterday, other than the battery not being as strong as when I first got it, it served me perfectly for two years. It's my favorite phone I've ever had, though my pixel 3 xl is primed to take that spot.
The gays^tm have the shady clever reads market cornered.
Black magic fuckery
For Christmas, my mother bought me a reissue of the original 1950 Betty crocker cookbook, it's full of interesting and alarming recipes, I'm stoked to cook out of it
I'm waiting for an Ethel Merman.
I'm just impressed that there are only eight people in that show. Also, even if they were the only people you deal with there's a lot more work in being a hairdresser than you seem to realize
Because of her I find myself contemplating the inherent eroticism of the sea far too often.
You might have an alcohol allergy
/r/badwomensanatomy
I love that movie but I don't consider it a horror movie, a phycological thriller is more correct
Kaboom. It was on its way toward being a not good but not horrible gay movie but the ending completely destroyed anything that was ok about the movie. I laughed, uninterrupted for fifteen minutes after watching the ending
This has to be a straight guy because the idea of simply washing his face didn't come up...
Aesthetics
for me from home it takes about the same amount of time to drive into downtown as it does to take the light rail. If I'm going downtown I'm taking the train 'cause then I don't need to worry about parking or driving in downtown.
...that's just how legs work.
*Stephan voice* ACCURATE
My family went to do our every 2 years phone upgrades this week, I had had the OG Pixel XL, and my parents both had Galaxy phones (a 6 and a 7), but my Mom walked into the Verizon store and while we're waiting just loudly announced "I'm sick of samsung, dad and I are getting pixels." The verizon guy had his easiest sale of the day, 2 standard pixel 3s and a pixel XL. Parents got screen protectors, all of us got cases, and my mom thought the pixel stand was cute so she got one of those too. Dude spent maybe 45 minutes with us and probably had the biggest single sale in the day.
I love making hats, it's about all I make these days, welcome and enjoy, I love your color choices!
You made a hat where there was no hat. It looks great!
I'm not a sleeper, never have been. Melatonin helps, but it's not perfect. My best sleeping time was when I was doing summer stock in college and the first thing I had to do was be at the theater at six, I'd get up around four, stay up for the show, party after, then get stuff done from around three until six or seven then sleep.
My mom and I were talking about this on Christmas, a clean, but not too clean stove. Normal wear so it's not perfect but nothing just sitting there, festering.
I have the XL, my mom thought it was too big for her so she and dad got the regular sized ones
I'm visiting family right now and went out to find her hosting a show last night, she is a great performer
My mom got a case she loves, I like mine and my dad doesn't care, I might buy a different one down the line but honestly my mom loves her case and that's worth the extra money
Party mix!
I've been given black TP. I put it on my toilet and never used it
Dad's pretty hot, he could just do it to me
And by the elimination she had decided she was going home, she was shocked that Manila picked gia.
I have a friend who always likes me tweets. I tweeted about him being my biggest Twitter fan, and he didn't like the tweet.
My two favorite places to eat don't have salt and pepper on the table, one of them has a ton of sauces you can grab but not salt. I don't put out salt and pepper at home because I only really cook for myself so I can get it to where I want without having to add anything at the table
Why do you have dish soap in your bathroom? Or do you brush your teeth in the kitchen? And if so, why?
We're too busy contemplating the inherent eroticism of the sea
Age of majority is the age you're legally considered an adult, in 48 of the US states it's 18. Age of consent is the minimum age you can legally have sex with any other consenting adults, in a lot of states that's less than 18, in my state it's 16.
WANT
But Manila had actual jokes that helped, trying to set her up with her brother and such
Wait, what event is this? It's like vault but with a trampoline? Madness.
&gt; a mixture of tumble and Tramp See also: me on a Friday night
One time I fed a bear and ended up in a five month relationship
The problem with that idea, and queens who are used to television, is you introduce x number of huge personalities who will steal focus at any given opportunity. Unless you get queens like Pearl, Naysha Lopez, and Max, you know, queens without personality.
Pigeon pose can suck my left nut. My yoga teacher had us do that then go to half Crow in the transition and my fat ass did not succeed in that transition.
My best friend got a new iPhone a couple of months ago and all excitedly says to me "my camera is now as good as yours has been for two years!" I had an OG pixel XL at the time.
I just started salivating
Endpaper mits? I love that pattern, I use the cast on for almost everything now.
Oh I love it, it's a bit widgey the first couple of times you do it (you'll fail the first time) but once you get the hang of it it's great for stretchy projects, and since I mostly knit hats, it's perfect for me.
It's more about the combination of sunglasses indoors and metallic jacket that makes me feel like I need to judge her
To be honest, I'd be ok if he had no shirts
When I was at Western I gave campus tours for three years. At that time the tous started at Wade King, where we'd stand in a location in front of huge windows and talk about the facility. In the fall and spring, especially in the mornings we would be taking about the facility and see The guests get what we called "deer face" so, without missing a beat we'd finish what we were saying and finish with "and there are deer behind me, aren't there?" We'd use that opportunity to remind people to be careful driving around campus, being that the campus and Bellingham are surrounded by forest lands it's pretty common to have wildlife in the road.
I'm not a drag when, but I'm friends with a few drag queens and I'm a gay so I've completely given up and come to be at peace with always having glitter on me, it's not going away. Also, if I remember right, the product she used comes off in sheets pretty cleanly so it's not nearly as bad as it could have been
They won't put their hands up and surrender. There will be no white flag above their door
You mean the song pop muzic by M?
Ten? Psah, amateur
Why do I keep watching the clip? I see the preview and know exactly what it is but I still click every single time
Would it be runners up? Or does that just sound better to my brain which has it wrong?
Is it just me or does the one on the bottom right have some upsetting racial characature elements going in.
Carla does back to back chef and I love how supportive she is of all the celebrities.
Last year I was in a boot for eight weeks, in that time I think once I could get from the train to the street via escalator and for a few days there wasn't even an elevator option.
I really want all stars to be a no elimination, point based system. All the queens do all the challenges, the winner gets x number of points, points given for tops, bonus points earned in various ways, and a secret column of points to keep it mysterious
I love accusing people of wearing a bump it. I don't know why, I just find it super hilarious
This looks like something Hildy would have done on trading spaces
In my mind, the following is the list of Tracy Turnblads by importance: - Ricki Lake (OG Movie) - Marissa Jaret Winokuer (Original Broadway Cast) - Keala Settle (orriginal touring cast, one Tracy I saw on tour) - Nikki Blonski, from the movie Hairspray
I have real concerns about his relationship with that pastor.
somehow that doesn't surprise me at all.
does anyone remember this Peppermint thing? I don't remember that at all and these half explanations aren't really giving me a picture.
I bet you could actually make that popular if done right
I picked up an uber right outside a gay bar and the driver asked me if i had a wife and kids....
i don't see anything gay about this.
uhh.... no
All these people asking about straight pride knowing full well that ford truck month is right around the corner.
Hey Gwen
I just really want to snuggle into all that hair
this feels like it should belong on /r/niceguys
&gt; their victims are usually the sort of people who cops and society don't pay as much attention to. Yup, there was a guy in Chicago (i think? Could have been another city) who was killing people he met off grindr that was finally caught in the last couple of years.
I give out ridiculous awards made of canned food, plastic figurines, and gold spray paint for my birthday.
Technically, it's Reese's "Dairy Whipped Topping"
A man marrying a woman is a heterosexual wedding. But it's also a LGBTQ or Queer wedding 'cause he's a man with trans experience.
Seattle Pride is always the last weekend of June, but there are pride events all month. White Center pride is this weekend in fact.
You know that's actually what I was thinking of, thank you for providing more info
Ok, I missed something...huH?
put on your socks before your pants, socks are lube for pants!
Autumn Feather Iris
I live in Seattle and I'm pretty sure there are 3 working in my office right now.
Oh man, if only I had $1500 bucks plus the cost of flights and hotels for this. You think I could gofundme this?
Marry me
&gt; Nobody hates Janeway because she's a woman I GUARANTEE that's not true. Source: I live in the world.
All chaps are assless, otherwise they'd be pants.
UGH I'm so stoked for this TOTC was a huge part of my coming out process, but i'm working BOTH my jobs today so I can't watch until tomorrow.
Armistead and the show runners have said this is more a continuation and is sort of "left" in time of the last three books. I'm STOKED about it.
Mine was in 1998 when Ryan Philippe took off his shirt to get into the club.
Asian don't raisin
Well I'm getting killed by 74 year old Tony winner Andre DeShields. It will be lovely, i'm sure.
The day I've been training for
IDK Colton seems legit
I still occasionally buy cool whip, I don't always want to whip cream and to my palette it's just as good. Plus you can't make cool whip salad with whipped cream
I still have a love of sprinkles, I don't really eat them very often but I still will jokingly claim them as my favorite food
GOOD.
Years ago I worked on a play that required an actor to eat a packing peanut, so we bought some, and the minimum amount you could buy was something like 10 pounds, do you know how many packing peanuts make up 10 pounds? We discovered you could use them to build stuff, if you lick one it will stick to another, by the time we opened we had built a whole little fort in the booth.
Yes, is this where I line up for the dick pigging?
Every. Single. Time. I've seen the clip, it will likely be my last words, and I can see the preview on mobile, but each time, click, hehehe
I'm fully that person. It's hard for me to not plan to be at the airport three hours before my flight. Got to have some time to have a bagel, walk through overly expensive stores, maybe have a cocktail, read, stare out the window and try to figure out what the ground crew is doing. Of course I'm also one of those people who waits until the line goes away to board so it has no use that I've been there for hours
I think it's time the gays need to start requiring fan skills classes before you can buy one
I mean, that's basically what all these groups are, they're attempting to co-opt liberal language in an attempt to present their beliefs and positions as equally valid. Unfortunately a lot of people fall for that.
Marry me.
Thank you for naming my first born
Oh look, my ride is here
This is fully on my list for when it cools down a bit. Looks amazing!
You're struttin' into town like you're slingin' a gun Just a small town dude with a big city attitude Honey are you lookin' for some trouble tonight
This dude totally has bodies hidden somewhere.
I hung out with a fwb today and he kept getting texts from people who call him daddy. Hilarious.
Is your printer starting a post-grunge band in 1996?
It's fine, gays can't drive anyway.
I make bagels once a week, I really should price them out but I find the majority of my cost is in what I put on them or in the dough.
We stan a New Look queen
This is what we're going to do? We're going to attack me on a personal level like this? I mean except the hat, I'm not into cartoons and I hate baseball hats
Two very formative movies for me
It wouldn't surprise me at all if Adam Rippon were a top. I love me a femme top.
I fully expect to get on one of these and be fully disoriented for a bit the first time. Stoked for it.
Wow, in this economy it seems that E. Mutt had to get a job.
Sleeping. It's midnight, I need to be at work at 8:30. Insomnia sucks
Look at all those chickens!
There was no way that SPOG was going to endorse Sawant. And while it might technically be a labor union, it's a very different beast than what people think of when they think of unions.
It looks great as an image, not necessarily for the face. .- a theatrical lighting designer.
This looks like the conversations I have with my friends on the apps. Nothing better than getting a notification and finding it's you're friend calling you a whore. We have fun
If you're fat I'm a fucking planet. You look great
Getting yourself hydrated and getting enough sleep does wonders for the bags, but if that's impossible there are a bunch of awesome skin care products that should help
I've had this recipe saved for a while and haven't done it yet, how do you like it?
ooh, an excuse to make Samin's focaccia recipe again :-D
This is becoming a more common anti lgbtq+ statement, variations on the theme are showing up as dog whistles
Were you chatting with contrapoints on Grindr? Did she talk about the mouthfeel?
My first thought was how dark that room would be at night, also there's no way to control the light so if you're super sensitive to light when sleeping you might be fucked
Nah, he's white
wait, Domino's has green olives? this changes a few things.
I've told interviewers multiple times that my theater degree is very similar to a communication degree but with an arts slant. I also know how to work in groups effectively, and can communicate with other people of various knowledge levels on the topic all from my theater degree.
Got it, Scientology is the Supernatural of "religions"
I'm also wondering who the audience is for this. Something about this makes me think young rappers? Wealthy frat? Wall Street bros? I just don't know.
Well that just gave me all of the douche chills
Piggy
Which direction they are going! There’s no knowing where they’re rowing, Or which way they river’s flowing!
/r/UNBBBBIIVCHIDCTIICBB
Because that's what's been proven to work.
I totally thought of that watching this video. Man, I love Emmy, she's just lovely
I'm a little worried about all my lgbtq+ and related subs, and their mods. I'm sure they'll be on the list of targets.
The US has no official language, and Washington has no official language. Sure, English is the de facto language of the area, but there's not legal standpoint for the use of English.
I wear purple all the time, it's probably my favorite color.
I'm not finding that option in RES, can you point me in the right direction?
a couple of points here: - No one is asking everyone in the country to learn a different language. - I would attempt to learn the language of any location I was in, and in my experience so do immigrants to the US. - None of this negates the fact that the US as a whole and Washington state do not have an official language.
I could see this being very popular for underwear and fetish events at bars, you don't have to worry about where to store your wallet.
you don't want to limit access.
I mean, you can share your experiences, but [the government shows all the ways you can be allowed to take the test in other languages](https://www.uscis.gov/us-citizenship/citizenship-through-naturalization/exceptions-accommodations)
In Seattle we have an event that's known for naked cyclists, i saw more dick in an hour than I likely will through all of pride weekend.
But we sure had a great time at the trans parade
I shall now refer to you as Sue in any future interactions. I too love some pineapple on pizza, Sue.
Not everything is made for every person. Let people like things, even if you don't like them. It's really ok. You'll survive.
It's a variation in both my and my mother's Better Home and Gardens cookbook, so it's been a thing since at least the early 70s.
"that'll do pig"
McDonald's orange drink is how I found out I'm allergic to red and yellow good dye. Fun times
My ten year reunion in 2015 was missing five to ten guys who enlisted, went to Iraq and never came back
You should really make a game of your crying. A crying game if you will
Poor community, promise of paying for education, 2005 international global situation, and a ton of my classmates signed up. I know none of them that actually got to do much with their lives.
I could always go for either a BLT or a club sandwich. ALWAYS
That was mine.
This was one of my college go to "no time, no energy, no money" meals and I had the most intense craving for it the other day. I'll have to make myself some soon.
When pizzas on a bagel, you can have pizza any time!
I've seen a number of shirts with this written on them and I both love them and know I'm too chicken shit to wear one in public
and even at the initial snow, it's likely it was raining for weeks beforehand, so it's just snowing right on top of what becomes a sheet of ice.
As a bear I volunteer to make this happen.
I'm 33 and was reading a book while visiting my parents over the holiday, my father hadn't washed something he was supposed to and my mom tried to do this to me thinking it was something she asked me to do. Sorry Mom, I'm 33, I bought this book with my own money, I don't live here, and that wasn't my job. She caught herself pretty quickly but it was pretty funny
I'm fully intending to bring my laptop home on Friday. Then probably haul my huge ass work laptop back and forth daily because it won't be bad enough to not go in. I'm going to have to pull a "I LIVE ON A HILL!" to work from home before giving up and just leaving my laptop and not being able to get in the next morning.
My company announced last October that we'll only be allowed to carry over 120 hours of PTO from 2020 to 2021 in an effort to get us to take our vacation time. It was weirdly upsetting to look at the number of hours I have to take by the end of the year. I could just not work next week
I try to take mental health days and take time off work, but i rolled over 80 hours and i'm accruing 8 hours a pay period so i literally HAVE to take something like 3 weeks off total this year to not lose time.
I've gotten really annoyed with their inability to respect each other's boundaries.
my friend and I were just talking about her stuff, we're both 33 as well, and remember when she first went viral when we were in college. Her content fully has aged with her, and it's really interesting and fun to see.
It was the second lap sitting one that really pinged my annoyance with it. That video is basically "lets trick our friend by not respecting their boundaries in a way in which they cannot get upset about it or people will hate them and our entire livelihood is based on being liked"
Agreed. Even "Eugene, live a little" ignores all of his personal history as a gay man growing up in a strict household and having to hide parts of himself from the people he loves.
I think you're missing that they're *not white* therefore all forms of force are allowed. /S (please tell me no one needed to be given that to understand that that's a horrible take, right? Right?)
So....I shouldn't lick it?
Op is very jellical
Oh I'm just going to go beyond, because that way I get to hang out with Tina Turner
Marry me
"life choices" gurl.
That would be because Roll on, Columbia, Roll On is the official folk song of Washington State!
I just wish the brand my family preferred as a kid were still around. If anyone knows a dupe recipe specifically for Mission brand mac and cheese let me know.
the floor is prescribed heteronormativity.
Goodreads gets better and better as you add and rate things you've read. I read 76 books last year, many of them based on their recommendations page, and that's made my recommendations even better!
Apology? Where? I'm not seeing one. FWIW "I'm sorry if anyone was offended" is not an apology, it's an accusation.
This has "posting someone's in town on your Instagram as gay code for look who I fucked" energy
That dude is giving me major creeper vibes so he can go ahead and die
I went to high school in East Wenatchee, I'm cackling at the pronounciation
Aww now I'm sad Brittney Murphy is dead
I honestly think with a sweetened dough you could make a pretty great bananas Foster inspired dessert pizza
I'm not ashamed to admit I would eat all of this in a sitting, especially if there's some good crusty bread around
That's a pretty good amount of money for a dinner for two. It would really depend on what vibes I'm going for, but my first thought was making my mother's "world famous chicken" (which is chicken baked with potato buds used as breading, it makes for a great texture and unique flavor), scalloped potatoes, and a veg of some sort, probably garlic and butter green beans.
My first thought was dill. I find ways to get more dill in my diet. I even add it to my tuna salad. Give me that dill.
I forget how much I like deep fried mushrooms but now I'm going to need to get some after seeing this post
Avgolemono
Ritz or better yet, club crackers
Really good crusty bread. I've been known to down an entire loaf of bread with only some butter or Olive oil by my side
I am so happy for and proud of her!
I think it came out right :-D (though I'm not trans, I'll let a trans person make the final call on that) The thing I'm most interested by in this situation is that she's built her entire fame/brand/whatever you want to call it as Nikki, the woman. Her trans identity was never part of who she is in the public eye, I think that's a HUGE win for the trans community and trans youth in the world.
Question, as a mod for a beautuber sub, is your ban-hammer a specific brand? What brand would you recommend? What color do you have it in? How's the day long wear of it?
you should totally colab with a ban-hammer brand :-P
Looks amazing! Even [Astonishing](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2ZX8pKPm5LQ) (If you'll forgive a broadway nerd reference)
like conceptually? Yes.
I'm pretty sure they taste faintly of cream of tartar, I have no basis for this but my own baking journey tasting and smelling things used in sweets
I really hope this is a troll post, but on the interest in saying something to those who actually feel this way: Sure, this is totally ok, you don't have to live your life as prescribed by those around you, but you must understand that that right was built by those in those communities you're choosing to reject. The matachine society died because not all of us can assimilate. The people in gay bars and in pride demonstrations did something radical sixty years ago so you can have the right to deny them. I don't begrudge anyone's distaste for the gay community today or activists who continue to work for us, but don't ever lose sight of the fact that you can make that choice because of what those people did for you.
Same
A lot of people love watching it, I do not. I learned long ago to let people like things that are not actively harmful.
So not quite an answer for your question, but any time I'm doing a marinade with sugar in it I add a couple of tablespoons of miso. It gives it a nice funk and combats the sweetness.
Yes, I agree with all of this, but now I'm fascinated by how this works for floating bridges. Forgive me, I don't drive so I don't know all the particulars of our local floating bridges but is the road surface still sounded by air or is there an insulating factor with the water? Does that help even if they're not touching the water? I'm honestly curious
Oh yeah, I love fish sauce and a number of my favorite vinegar based hot sauces for acid, I tend to find citrus too sweet for my liking but in certain situations I'm all about it
Oooh she fancy. Love it
Yes but there's cheese (like product) which might have enough lactose to move things along
I got heart burn seeing this photo
I'd be surprised if it was more than a day, WSDOT is really good at keeping passes open. In my experience, having lived just to the east of the passes they say this when they can't get it open in twelve hours, which makes sense for going into the night hours
I made these a bit ago and someone, who wasn't even from the south, had the audacity to claim that biscuits couldn't be square. Yours look better than mine, but I hope you won't have to dig a shallow grave like I did
Yikes
welp, looks like i'm taking my work laptop home again today.
I've been planning to cure some yolks for a while, then Brad did it, and now I want to do it more
I'm the bright green bag
Now I really want olives
Ah yes the love song Steven Tyler wrote for the movie his daughter was the romantic lead in. We didn't think about that then, but now it seems odd
They only have deals!
That's in the top 5 nicest things someone has said about me to me in the last year.
I love putting off eating because I love to pay for one meal (dinner) in a day rather than two. I already skip breakfast so...
Aww man, I wish boys would toss me baguettes
Oh are the heteros upseteros again?
Literally three minutes. Put some butter down, realize it's too cold to spread, wait THREE FUCKING MINUTES oh look, spreadable butter
I do think that this is pretty much the end result of this whole exercise, but for me, it's not the object that makes me feel better, it's the act of picking it out and deciding that I want to own it, then making that happen that causes me to retail therapy. I can get the same feeling without buying most of the time, but that's likely because I'm not swimming in money, but I do let myself buy when I can. I wonder if this is what others enjoy but can't or won't stop themselves before the buying portion of the exercise.
Honestly coach is one of the last obnoxious of the leather goods brands, my mother loves them too, she doesn't avoid their branding but ultimately a single hardware piece is totally fine when in comparison to LV and their attempt to stay in 2003
I'm just going to put it out there, I make amazing breakfast foods
As the type of person who has both a preferred and a back up spice store that I use constantly, why the fuck does anyone care about onion soup mix? It's likely onion powder and msg, and probably tastes great. (I know it's the point of the sub, but) people need to get the fuck over themselves about how other people make food.
My favorite spinach dip recipe uses knorr onion soup mix as a main ingredient
Your title gave me shingles
I've even been there and didn't realize
A few years back I bought a big bag of army men that I started putting in my friends' places when I went over. To this day I'll get photos of army men I left that they're just finding. One friend moved a few months ago and found five while packing. It's an amazingly fun thing in our friend group
Honestly I just popped in to pick up a hold, it's not my normal library and I didn't explore
Upside down cake is a highly underrated cake. This looks awesome
This bitch has been following me since 1971
I occasionally play the at&amp;t store at pike and 4th.
Interestingly, there was a study a few years back that showed that all mammals, regardless of size take, on average, 21 seconds to pee. Which seems to indicate to me that urethra circumference is most tied to bladder size.
Yup, me too, I've even talked to a coworker about how I don't really see straight people between Friday night and Monday morning
Ah yes the completely nonsense mispronunciations of PNW states. I feel you. - a Washingtonian (there's no r in Washington)
Always what I think of when I see women with big boobs. As a gay dude it goes between 'how's the fit in the clothing' and 'poor thing must have horrible back pain'
I assume some I walk past in public are likely straight, but in Seattle it could go either way really, and it's best to pay them no mind
Click for the bad diy, stay for the super groovy soundtrack
Would think it's a picardigan, but it's not (I'm sorry, I'll see myself out)
A week from today is the first day since like November where the sun will set after five pm
[I'm not a science person so I was hedging my bets by using vague terms, but here's an article about the research](https://www.sciencealert.com/most-mammals-take-21-seconds-to-pee-regardless-of-their-size) Yeah, I was a bit off but in essence, 21 seconds.
my worst spell :-(
there's a rehab facility near me called Hotel California and I really hate it.
Blue skadoo, you can too
I'm glad I wasn't standing when I opened this photo, my knees got weak
I agree the unofficial patterns look better, and you're not supporting a TERF
Oh hi long forgotten crush on bubba
2020 vibe goals
Three weeks out of four I'm frog for Sunday bunch with the boys, week four, I'm Kirby.
well you have to remember that they only know two genders: [white] male and political.
I'm pretty sure he was pretty out of it on the train on my commute in this morning
I heard it and it sounded like fireworks going off, between eight and ten shots in a few seconds.
I felt the need to see it because I want them to make more musicals into movies. I was not prepared. I should not have done that sober. But in stoked for in the heights this summer
I think these look very good. Official looking and distinctive enough to be identified by people in person and while watching at home.
That's a full hour of network television content.
That's about the same length as an hour of network TV. Do you watch ER in chunks?
yes, is this where I line up for the dick pigging?
Oh, so they're all attractive in their own way? lovely.
Huh, not one of the places I had sex or masturbated in while I was there. Lost opportunity it seems
I love that you're wearing three belts and none of them are being used as a belt. (This isn't sarcastic, this tickles me to no end)
Scene: last week, my kitchen Me: why isn't my sugar melting for this Carmel? Oh well I'll wait Thirty minutes later Me: why isn't this melting!? Ten minutes later, I realize the stove isn't on. Me: oh. I still burned the first batch of Carmel
damn. Oh well, she drinks. Also, I bet if you tried hard enough you could eat a mountain. It wouldn't be pleasant, but you *could*
Mcmansion hell would have a field day with this.
I don't know if Squatch is real, but I know I want it to be.
Whoa slow your roll there buddy. Maybe try asking her? There's likely a really simple and logical explanation. Maybe you guys haven't talked about exclusivity, maybe this person is a family member or close friend she's known for ages and she has different interpersonal boundaries than you do. Just talk to her.
I fully believe Alexis is one of the most underrated Queens from the show. I think she's a great example of a queen who is great at drag but maybe isn't great at drag race
Do yourself a favor and read Insomniac City by Bill Hayes, who was Sacks' partner at the end of his life
... I'll be in my bunk
Wait, could I wrap seitan around something bone like? That's diabolical!
Well, there are worse things Than staring at the water on a Sunday There are worse things Than staring at the water As you're posing for a picture Being painted by your lover In the middle of the summer On an island in the river on a Sunday!
I've screwed up this hat like three times and frogged it each time.. Eventually I will finally defeat this white whale. Yours looks amazing
I've never sliced my peppers when doing stuffed peppers but I like it! Looks bomb
Hillary Duff deemed this not cool in [2008](https://youtu.be/b_MIb3mYznE)
Moving around product so it can't be quickly and accurately found is totally going to help
How much of a craft store is filled with product a man can't like?
You and I have different experiences in craft stores.
I take light rail every time I fly. Since my company pays for my orca card it's essentially free, I don't have to add the stress of getting a ride or driving and parking, and I don't have to worry about traffic. Last time I flew was the Saturday before Christmas and I left my house and was to my gate in an hour.
The slow, building pressures of societal expectations
The rangoon mother!
I agree, not a castle, just a mcmansion
My office encourages re-usable mugs and it's great. We still have small single use ones that can be used for urgent needs or if you don't have your cup or something. It's fun 'cause everyone has their own cups/mugs/water bottles that reflect their personalities. We do have branded ones but most of us use other ones. I have a mug for coffee, a thermos for tea, and a water bottle for water.
I feel like one shouldn't do this in heels.
I'm in my office counting the minutes until my 8 are up. I got a ton of stuff done today so my boss don't care if I dick around online occasionally.
Two Tories
Looks amazing! Not gonna lie, from the thumbnail I thought it was fried chicken, which also looked amazing
I love a hotel bar, especially in a smaller city, it's a wild combination of people and expectations
Well now I know what I'm going to hear on my deathbed
That's why I would prefer to use a source 4 Jr. Zoom for personal bat signaling
That's the most I've used my lighting degree in ages. Protip: don't get an arts degree in 2009 ETA: Wow people are really concerned about me not using my degree, trust me I have, I've just moved to other parts of theater production.
I thought all local vehicle mishaps needed to involve animals of some sort, are you sure this wasn't because of some highly flammable geoduck? Or something?
That poor family. Hopefully there's a family member who can step in and take care of the kids.
therapy. The first step is realizing that there is a problem, but don't do it alone, therapy is a wonderful thing.
it wasn't until later, when I was washing the blood off my hands, that I even know they were dead!
That was nice for practice but when is he going to go for a real challenge?
I was thinking about this today, what are the chances they're still in the area? It wouldn't surprise me at all if they high tailed it out of washington, maybe even the country the second their names were released, if not sooner.
I just watched this while waiting for my order at my local taco bus, now I regret not getting this because I'd totally devour it
Y'all can have Andy, I'll be over here having a side of Rick.
This photo just called me fat and acted like I wasn't allowed in the same bar as it
Bleach and lip fillers
The women from the restaurant are just lovely
Children singing Flying a kite
He does gels, far less prone to chipping, hell I cook a ton and mine never chip
I'm stoked for the SAAM to re-open. It has probably my favorite permanent collection (maybe after the modern/contemporary collection at SAM) in the city.
She spent more time in studio for this promo than she does for most of the music videos she's featured in.
I worked at a "church camp" one summer of college (granted, it was an ELCA camp so not nearly the intense churchiness that you find elsewhere) and if you don't think staff is doing the gay nasty, a lot, you're wrong.
Man I love a blouse
There's nothing that can be done in an instant pot, air fryer, or sous vide that I can't do as well or better with the tools in my kitchen or wishlist (still haven't pulled the trigger on a food processor)
When I was a kid we had a microwave with two dials (one for seconds and one for minutes) instead of buttons to set the time. It was a common breakfast to have poppyseed muffins that we'd microwave for thirty seconds before eating. Well me being under five years old my reading wasn't great nor my memory, so occasionally I'd set the microwave to thirty minutes instead of thirty seconds and we wouldn't realize until the kitchen was filling with smoke
Yeah last time I was at his house where he cooked I was amazed that he pulled off having a dry streak using sous vide
My instant reaction to anyone I can hear taking to loudly is to speak more softly, even if they're not in conversation with me. The person I'm talking to always has to strain to hear. I don't know why that's my natural reaction but here we are
If I can't see who's touching me I've trained myself to verbally say "I'm being touched" This was great when it was a running joke in college. As an adult it's lead to many awkward moments
I do all these things, but I'm also gay so...
And 54.
We live in the same building, Megan is my version of you were at my wedding Denise
M o u t h f e e l
That's mostly because of a multi generational blood feud. We don't like to talk about it
Helen
Would still eat At the beginning of quarantine I bought some piping bags and piping tips to use for cupcakes I've not made, but hello potato options
At the time we thought it was classy and earthy. It was better than all the sponge painting earlier in the decade
It looks awesome, I really need to pick up some tahini because these sound so good
"just two really good friends" *- historians, probably
You own five acres, or just over two hectares
And ruin my manicure!? I think not.
Oh this is what we're going to do today? Attack me personally on a public forum? Ok, I see how it goes
Yup, I wasn't there for this but this happened right across the street from my work, I watched a lot of similar BS go down around this time.
Stoop kid's afraid to leave his stoop! Eta: thank you for the gold, but that money is better spent on supporting Black Lives Matter or the myriad of legal funds for protestors
When was the last time he cared about if what he does is legal?
I would like to have him point out Seattle on an unlabeled map please.
This is the most literal /r/sapphoandherfriend ever
she was even right in that! *Trade* didn't like the session, but she was right, so she did not die, she crystallized.
Yeah, as testing ramps up this is going to have to change. I saw a figure cited (no source so who knows how true it is) by STB that 20% of people living in Seattle don't own a car. I'm one of them, I don't have the option to get tested at the moment (though a quick google search shows at least one option near me for a walk in clinic that's doing testing but it's not the county/city free testing).
These looks are stellar. Off the top of my head I can at least trace this *concept* (not these looks, art builds upon concepts over years, this is not shade, just trying to contextualize) back to Viktor and Rolf's Fall 2005 ready to wear collection, which may have been influenced by a similar looks at the opening of the musical Hairspray which premiered in 2002. I bet there are more examples of this going back but those I know off the top of my head.
Butterfly in the sky...
Don't let your dreams become regrets
This makes me feel much better about my "whatever butter is cheapest and is actually butter" stance. Thank you internet stranger
The pride flag is generally six colors, not seven. (Exceptions being the original which included hot pink and teal, and the Philadelphia variant that adds brown and black)
BAM!
Physical 👏 affection 👏 is 👏 not 👏a👏 commodity 👏 in 👏a👏 relationship 👏 Sorry for the old meme, I feel like I've had this conversation a lot with people in the last year, there is not a monetary value to physical affection in a relationship, trying to assign monetary value to affection of any sort is at best a red flag.
Like centuries if gays in hell hasn't lead to some major gentrification. There's probably a pink berry on every corner at this point
To be fair, that's what I do many days as a gay guy, so maybe they're just confused?
Those peas remind me of that doll that ate the cherries
Ooooh gurl, that word already has a specific meaning in the sexual lexicon and I'm sure it's not what you're intending
Lgbtq+ icons supporting lgbtq+ icons
Reminds me of bovril
People need to understand that hot Cheetos are just not good. At least in this case it's cut with cheese so it's probably fine but we need to get over this hot Cheetos obsession
Someone call Monet x'Change
From my understanding it's about gradually learning. You don't go from short nails to inch long acrylics all in one go. A good nail tech would start you at 150% of your nail, so the cuticle to your finger tip is two thirds of your nail and the last third is of the tip of your finger, or less. With time you go longer and longer incrementally as your nails grow out so you're adjusting how you use your hands as your nails grow. I know when I started getting my nails done I always got them cut short but now I'm rocking a bit past my finger tip, I don't know what my goal length is but I know it's a slow process
Well I'm bewitched, bothered and bewildered! (Alternate complimentary joke: say you will, say you won't, say you'll do what I won't, say you're true say to me, c'est la vie!)
Every year at pride in my city there's the flag both that advertises with a flag that looks like this and says "flags" I want one so bad but they don't sell that one
No, no, the feet normally wash ashore in shoes
I mean there are four different types of trees around my house in the west, and all of them are native I believe
This was a just finished photo, I used a clean up brush after this but didn't think to take a photo, honestly this is the best I've done sans clean up anyway so this dude with an essential tremor isn't pressed about a touch of polish around the nail
My family used to have a time share between Chelan and Manson, when we'd go we usually would spend more time in Manson than Chelan because it was less touristy, and there was an amazing pizza and pasta place we'd go to. I haven't been in years but after the casino was built it changed a lot. There were always big houses in the bluffs above town but now it's like Chelan touristy stuff has grown out into Manson
I love Lily, after she left clevver she has really let loose and given up having any fucks. Her channel is pretty entertaining and while I miss some of the interactions between her and people still at clevver the stuff she does with shared channel with Jos is great.
They look great! I got three colors (regretting not getting the whole collection already) and they're arriving early next week, I'm stoked
I've fully added Johnny's to their less salt chips
I'm old enough to remember a time when a corporation the size of day Nike would be lambasted on late night television, face major drop offs of sales, or boycotts for running a pro lgbtq+ advertisement in mainstream channels. it wasn't that long ago, I prefer what we have now to straight up ignoring us.
Ma'am, the new balance and sketchers are to the right
That's a really funny way to write "racism"
Honestly, I'd live, but you can clock the username
I recently realized that while I don't like a Snicker's bar I do enjoy a crispy peanut butter Snicker's, which means all Snicker's had to do to get me to buy their product is to completely change the product into a different candy bar completely. That is too say, Snicker's can get to kicking
How much is your door dash delivery fee?
I really love the mural on the north side. I walk past this every day in pre corona life and that mural really makes me happy
as long as we avoid calling it the "CP Arena"
I will say that budgeting was much harder in college, a quarterly lump sum to budget for three to four months, plus my meager pay from my two jobs. Couldn't save anything with money flow like that. Once I got to the workforce with regular pay checks it became much easier to budget and save some. I doubt your old roommate doesn't do better with more frequent income, those tough years really helped to get me to where I am, not as good as I'd like but with some savings
I have such an intense love of marzipan it's probably going to kill me
NOT TO MENTION THE COVID ISSUES WITH BLOWING OUT CANDLES! IT SHOULD ALL GO IN THE BIN!
I feel like I would pull that then immediately be like "no I'm just kidding, it's nice to meet you" and act over excited to meet my colleague to ensure that they understand it's a joke
You know those mid century recipes that use jello and such? I love them.
When it came out I was well into my late twenties but the little kid in me felt very very seen
I wouldn't be surprised if a ton of cease and desist orders are flying all over the place right now. I'm sure many are legally dubious, but this community (the ones mired in drama that is) aren't known for they scholarly attributes
I don't think they have to be registered with any governing body
There are queens who are great at drag but not at drag race. I also think there are queens that are great at drag race but not at drag.
Yikes
