The way the show created a sense of emptiness, isolation and dread was downright masterful. How the tension built up over the season, and how it progressively got darker, bleaker, gorier...man, that's some film-making right there. It's one of the best examples of "man is insignificant in the face of nature" media I have ever seen.
I knew what this would be even before I clicked the link lol WHATEVER YOU CAN PUT TOGETHER, PUT IT TOGETHER *random lady in crowd has orgasm*
I'm biased but Jack Armstrong is wayyy up there. He sounds like an overcaffeinated, 5-packs a day New Yorker and I wouldn't have it any other day GET THAT GAHBAGE OUTTA HEAH
Lmao why did this remind me of Boats n Hoes
&gt; They were both shit beyond comprehension Lmao this is just a ridiculous amount of hyperbole and exaggeration. They weren't great but "shit beyond comprehension"? Really?
Lol out of all the things to complain about in S7 and 8 of GoT, the Ed Sheeran scene is the last one. It was actually a very well-done scene that brought some depth to the Lannister armies. They're not just a bunch of murdering assholes, but real people with families and friends that probably just need the money to survive.
Nice! 3 of those books are fantastic. The other is bad. So 3 outta 4 aint bad
Essentially how I felt about it. It was one of those 3-star books for me based on Goodreads/Amazon rating system. It was reasonably entertaining and I didn't feel like I was cheated out of my time, but at the same time, I probably won't really remember it in a couple of month's time and I'm probably never going to go out of my to recommend it to anybody.
This is so faux-edgy that it's bordering on the laughable and cringeowrthy. Sounds like all you're going for is shock value.
What is the purpose of this scene though? Like what is the theme, and how is it developing your characters and the narrative?
It's crazy to me that most Raps fans don't see this. Drake always has been a groupie of the most popular team. He started repping Toronto when we started going to the playoffs regularly. I feel like the people who defend Drake as "HURR DURR TORONTO AMBASSADOR" and "RAPTORS SUPERFAN" are just really young guys that are the prime demographic of Drake's music.
&gt;what Drake has done for the city specifically in terms of global recognition This is extremely reductive of Toronto as an amazing city in its own right. It was already a globally recognized city way before Drake. I'm not saying that Drake didn't bring some awareness in hip hop circles to Toronto but claiming he put Toronto on the map is too much.
Best show on TV right now other than Barry. Absolute must-watch.
Relax, it's only been 3 games and we still 2 more to win with Klay probably coming back. Also, there are no asterisks on rings.
You can pay for school but you can't buy class
Absolutely no regard for human life
Now his watch is ended
Put all the asterisks you want. The fans won't care one bit.
How much fantasy have you read? The general rule of thumb is that the more you read, the better a writer you'll be. Doesn't even have to be fantasy specifically. Read anything. But yeah in your case reading something in your genre is a good idea to become more savvy at it.
I dropped WoT after about 5 books as well. Aside from what you said about nothing really happening, whatever was happening just felt really cliched and generic, with little nuance and a lot of high fantasy tropes. The characters are absolutely TERRIBLE. I hated almost everyone, but the women, especially, were awful. Jordan absolutely has no idea how women work or how to write. The men weren't much better tbh and their average is only brought up because of Mat. I kept reading up to book 5 against my better judgment because people kept saying it gets better. Looking back on it now, they were probably some of the biggest wastes of time for me from a book perspective.
It's Twilight for middle-aged white nerds
Mistborn trilogy. It felt like part YA story and part video game tutorial. I get people love Sanderson's magic systems, but boy does he go on and on about it in Mistborn. The dialogue is cringeworthy and characters are paper thin. He does get a little better at the writing and character aspect in Stormlight, but man, this dude cannot write dialogue. Everything that comes out of Shallan and the Wit's mouth is major cringe. Wheel of Time. I gave up after 5 books and to this day I consider it the biggest waste of my time on anything I've spent it on. What an incredibly dull and generic story, with some truly awful characters I have zero shits about. Jordan has zero clue how to write believable human relationships and his female characters might just be the worst in all of literature.
I'm really gonna miss the annual hallway massacres in Daredevil :( Man, all the Avengers needed to do to deal with Thanos was put him in a narrow corridor with Matt Murdock
Yeah it worked for Fury Road. I actually felt like they kind of sped up some of the fight scenes? Gave it an almost surreal edge, which works with the tone of the movie. FR didn't have a lot of traditional hand-to-hand fight scenes but I did think the one between Max and Furiosa was really well choreographed. These guys aren't martial arts masters, but rather hardscrabble survivors of a desert wasteland, and it showed in every move they made, using car doors, water hoses and hidden pistols and shit to get an advantage
Yeah I'm trying to figure out how to structure it. Maybe he'll be put in a team with people of his own age, and the academy structures itself based on age ranges? Or maybe there are different types of training they receive based on age i.e. younger people and kids are trained in subterfuge, sabotage etc, adults in more traditional combat skills and elders in poison-making, gathering information, spying or something.
Yeah I'm really leaning towards more of an assassin university style, where a select few in their late teens to early 20s (18-23ish maybe) will be chosen to attend and become the best of the best. I think it gives an opportunity for some dark, mature storytelling instead of shoehorning children into those situations (not that those can't be done well - Mark Lawrence's Red Sister is fantastic)
Lowry can also shoot, which, you know, you kind of need when playing baskteball at a professional level these days.
&gt; Remember that back in the real middle ages knightly orders mainly recruited young fellows aged 25-30 into their ranks. Actually didn't know this, TIL. Thanks! It does fit in with my story then, because he would be trained in hand-to-hand combat, weapons training, magic development and how to utilize it in combat/assassinations etc. So it does make sense, I suppose, to have someone in their physical prime. The academy also contracts out their students for high-level personal protection services, specialized troops for combat scenarios, supernatural creature/monster hunting etc. so I guess it makes sense that you'd want an adult doing all these things. There are essentially different disciplines the pupils can choose to elect that focus on each of those aspects.
The age range will be late teens to early/mid 20s. Essentially the academy wants people in prime physical condition as the training and eventual duties are physical and dangerous in nature
&gt; So 20-something joins the academy to learn how to be a trained mage-assassinn for the purpose of vengeance. That's kind of the direction I'm going in. He essentially joins the Academy for his own purposes as he has his own axe to grind with people that did him dirty, and the academy is his best way of doing it. While at the academy though, he gets pulled into something bigger and more threatening so he has to deal with a bunch of shit from both ends.
They're also human beings and feel the same kind of stress and pressure in their respective fields, just like any of us do.
Their relationship has always seemed, on the surface anyway, more of a business partnership than a romantic one so I wouldn't be surprised. All this Mr and Mrs Carter stuff always seemed so fake and put-on to me.
You think I give a fuck about a Grammy?!
*Jesus Christ it's Jason Bou- I mean Death Stranding!*
Thanks a lot, just busted my nut at work, and am on my way to the HR office now.
His playmaking is the weakest aspect of his game so he can definitely work on that. He showed flashes of being able to have some really great passing games, especially against the Bucks. If he becomes a better passer, he'll elevate himself yet again.
HBO should've hired them for GoT season 8 instead of Benioff and Weiss
Lol a team as competitive as the Spurs would not want a top 3 player just entering his prime? What are you smoking dude. If Kawhi told Pop he wanted to come back, he'd be starting for them the next day
There's an audience for everything. Write what *you* want to read instead of what someone else does.
Broken Empire trilogy by Mark Lawrence. The MC, Jorg, can pretty much be considered the villain. He's a cruel bastard and does whatever he has to, to get his way. He's also a fascinating, compelling protagonist. Highly recommended.
Fantastic review. Saga is amazing and one of the best graphic novels I've ever read. I love that it's focus is always on the smaller scale stories, even though the universe it takes place in is pretty epic in scope.
Welp there goes the feels train again
Lmao this is the most r/movies thread ever
So controversial yet so brave
Which men are "afraid" to see Little Women? What a dumb fucking article. Have they considered that some men just may not be interested in seeing this movie?
Holy shit I haven't seen that in years lol
Oh yes Bobbie is awesome. Frankie adams is a great actress and brings a great mix of badassery and vulnerability to the role. She also looks like a believable Martian marine and like she could beat the shit out of you pretty easily. I believe the actress is also a boxer IRL
Name 5 movies you think have no holes and I'll find them for you
I thought it was ok but the marketing of the movie as "anxiety inducing" and "stressful" is wayyy overblown. Nothing about this movie put me on edge or made me stressful. It's just a bunch of people yelling really loudly at each other. Sandler was really good and there are some great individual scenes but overall I found it overhyped. All I can think of is that if you found this movie stressful you must live a very sheltered life lol. Also the soundtrack was beyond awful.
Ok let's go through these one by one: \- Alien: Ripley tells Lambert that the life raft/escape pod thing only holds 3 people and they had 4 crew members remaining. For decades now, international law has been to have at least 4 spots on lifeboats and life rafts. It makes no sense that decades into the future, when we have *interstellar travel*, that they would still have these kinds of limitations on a spaceship escape pod. \- The Matrix: Cypher making his deal with Agent Smith makes no sense. I believe that meeting took place inside the Matrix, but don't you need an Operator to help you connect? The movie establishes that you can't really connect into the Matrix without help. Wouldn't Cypher need Tank's help to do this? How did he get in there by himself? Also, another minor one: when Morpheus tells Neo near the beginning of the movie to go meet Trinity, he mentions that Neo's phone is tapped. So how would the Agents not figure out where Neo is going? Also, your point about humiliation makes zero sense. There are a thousand different ways to humiliate human beings without *using them as your main power source*. If the machines can create a virtual reality for humans, why not just create one where they put people in situations they would be most humiliated by? People *don't even know* they're being used as machines. How does that humiliation aspect serve any purpose? Nonsense lol \- A New Hope: Why isn't R2 and C3PO's pod shot down at the beginning of the movie? The reasoning is that there's no life forms on it, but the Empire still needed to recover the plans to the Death Star. They really would not allow anything to escape, and they also know that droids exist. Makes no sense. Also, at the end of the movie, why does the Death Star need to orbit around the planet to get to Yavin 4? Isn't it literally a planet destroyer? This is a contrivance to give the rebels the time they needed to destroy the death star \- Gladiator: Quite a few minor holes. there's a scene where they're discussing a plague in the cuity and taking hygienic measures to stop it, but at that time in history, we had no knowledge of transmissible diseases and using hygiene to combat them. Also, when Maximus is fighting the Germans, he looks like he has a German Shepherd with him - that breed wasn't even created until like 1900. There's another section where I think some leaflets are being handed out but paper wasn't even a thing in Rome at that time. Another one is after Commodus kills Marcus Aurelius, he tells Lucilla that the surgeons said he felt no pain - the term "surgeon" wasn't invented until at least a 1000 years after the film takes place. Also, when Commodus has Maximus taken away to be executed, no "official" reason is given to the guards taking him away, or to the army at large as an explanation for the change in command. And no "rumors" of why the general was killed is mentioned later by anybody. Even after they learn of his survival and former soldiers talk to Maximus in the Colosseum. Therefore, Maximus would have been considered "murdered" as soon as the execution happened. Anyone who knew of his murder, short of the corrupt few who were chosen to kill Maximus, would have tried to learn why. And given how loyal the army was to Maximus, they would have taken control and removed Commodus from power almost immediately. \- Forrest Gump: Forrest is a billionaire, he discovered the Watergate scandal, he was a football star and he gained media attention for running across America - but literally no one at the bus stop recognizes him? Jenny also shows Forrest a clipping of him on USA Today which was first published in September 1982. But Jenny's grave says she died in March 22, 1982. There's ton of these other little factual errors in the movie, all of which would constitute as plot holes.
There's no such thing as too weird for fantasy - that's why it's fantasy. Harry Potter probably has some of the wackiest, most out-there concepts in fantasy and it's literally the most popular book series of all time. Don't worry about it. Just make it compelling and people will be down to read anything.
I've only ever been killed by a riot shielder when I've been stuck in a tight corridor and don't have room to maneuver - this happens like maybe 1 out of 20 times. Otherwise, it's really easy to semtex or thermite them or just run around them and shoot them in the back.
So underrated! I consider it a top 5 series of all time but i don't see it discussed very often here. Could be due to its age though.
I might get downvoted but I honestly feel like Sanderson's work has an assembly-line, quantity-over-quality vibe to it. His worldbuilding is solid, magic systems are fine (if a bit too dry and video game-ish for my tastes), he writes decent action and everything ties up relatively well. But that's the thing - everything he writes is just...*fine.* I never feel that emotionally involved, the writing is about as bland as it gets (I know he does get criticism for this) and characters are usually archetypes. It's like eating McDonald's. It works and you're relatively satisfied, but it's assembly line easy to digest fast food.
One thing I've noticed on r/writing and r/fantasywriters is the almost overwhelming focus on SHOW DON'T TELL to the point where you're expected to just have dialogue and action scenes. I think this stems from how much these two subs get their inspiration from TV, movies and video games instead of prose literature. In reality, most well-written novels have a LOT of telling. That's just how prose fiction works. East of Eden, imo one of *the* greatest novels ever written, is almost entirely "telling" and it's one of the most powerful pieces of fiction I've ever read.
Great points, thank you! Another approach I was considering was that just having everyone on the planet know the history of their colonization, and knowing that there still may be a bunch of crazy Jesus freaks up in space. Maybe they're just ignored and considered pariahs and people just go on about their lives. This i feel like could lead to an interesting power struggle, as maybe some groups have some advanced tech and use it to consolidate their power over the groups that were unlucky enough to not hold on to weapons, resources etc.
Ironically kawhis whole dgaf attitude and stoic, robotic personality is what made him marketable because it's such a far cry from other popular athletes.
Not a fan of the Ball family but this is pretty dope by Melo
Hey at least I didn't post a blade runner 2049 thread...right?
That's a solid trade. What Rubio provides is extremely valuable and him and Shai are ranked around the same.
That's the PG experience lol, trust me from someone who's had him almost every year. He'll go through these rough shooting patches and then suddenly catch fire one day and win you week after week.
Spectre was SO disappointing. Casino Royale and Skyfall were fantastic (QoT is just kind of...there, instead of being outright bad), but man Spectre was such a boring, turgid mess. Really hope NTTD is a solid farewell for Craig. My dude Rami Malek is in it so I'm watching regardless and I know he's gonna deliver as the villain.
How so? He looked like he was bored the entire time lol. Not as bad as Jared Leto's cringey overacting but still, he just didn't seem into it at all.
His highs are REALLY high and his lows are unfathomably bad lol. Very little in between with this dude.
&gt;Prometheus is the best Alien movie, imo Lol hol' up my dude. I love Prometheus but calling it the best Alien movie is just silly.
That movie was just too self-consciously Tarantinoesque, if that makes sense. His best movies feel effortless and fun. Hateful 8 felt like he was trying too hard to make a Tarantino movie lol.
I love the Wit and the Skill in Robin Hobb's books. They have limitations as to what you can do with them but they're also mysterious and mystical.
32v32 on Shipment, who says no?
Literally every single MC in Wheel of Time. Absolute worst characters in fantasy. EDIT: Except Mat, he was tolerable.
It doesn't. It's pretty much a near-1000 page prologue.
Eh we're doing alright compared to most of the world I'd say. Our leader is incompetent but at least he's not Trump? *shrug*
Are you supposed to love Fitz though? From the very beginning, he's been a messed up, emotionally broken person. No family, taught to become a killer from when he was a boy, mentally and physically abused. He's far from being a traditional fantasy hero. The mistakes he makes make sense to me because he's pretty much just a kid the entire trilogy.
Great ideas! The father being a traitor one is another one I've been playing around with. Maybe the MC is to be executed as well but in a panic, he vows to serve the kingdom for life if he's spared, seeing it as the only way he can remain alive? Then he gets sent to this shitty outpost but he rises above himself, and wants to get involved in the war.
The forced conscription is another one I've been considering. Maybe the family just doesn't *have* the money anymore to buy the MC out of it and are forced to let him go to war. Great ideas, thank you!
Totally agree with you. I definitely don't want this to be "rah rah muh kingdomz" thing. I was thinking more along the lines of him seeing that human nature just tends to be cruel and apathetic (the whole war is because of bad blood between the two nations that go way, way back) and him fighting more to save the poor and the innocent whose lives he sees being destroyed (this is also something I want to play around with, him having a bit of a savior complex because he's essentially a liberal college student lol). I like your second point - it would add more intensity if he had to run and there's constantly the fear of being found out by his father's debtors. He makes the choice to go to the last place they'd think of finding a rich, spoiled youth: right on the battlefront.
Would you guys drop Tristan Thompson for Wood?
# #FIRETHEMOPBOY
This year has honestly been absolutely terrible for injuries.
Also, how would a Collins and Drummond front court work? Collins likes to drive to the rum a lot from what I've seen and Drummond just likes to clog the paint. Neither are particularly great defenders either (from what I recall of Drummond, maybe that's changed)
Zingis and Drummond are a nice front court. You get your spacing and rim protection from Zingis and elite rebounding and additional offense from Drummond.
It was marginally better than Way of Kings, but man, as impressive as some of the worldbuilding in this series is, I find it hard to get past Sanderson's weak characters and white bread bland prose.
Didn't kyrie just say he can barely lift his shoulder?
You serious? People can't wait to shit on kawhi everytime he has a bad game lol. Literally every post is comparing him to LeBron if he shoots below 45% or the clippers lose
Hah! Kawhi doesn't care about that stuff. He was the best player on our team but he was not the leader. That's always been Kyle.
That's MBJ in most things tbh
Good for him, those movies were terrible and were only salvaged by the chemistry between him and Emma Stone.
You've probably watched it already, but the videos of Keanu doing his gun training with Taran Tactical are so cool. He looks smooth, controlled and absolutely badass handling those weapons - pretty much John Wick
When it comes to good character development, I think of authors like Robin hobb and Joe Abercrombie. Their characters are complex, complicated and sometimes unlikable and frustrating - just like real human beings. Sandersons characters are very much more like archetypes. Kaladin is the angsty brooding hero, dalinar is the wise old mentor warrior type, shallan is the quirky, feisty and brilliant young female lead etc etc. I never felt as if their personalities extended much beyond that and that's after almost 3000 damn pages. In regards to prose, i don't understand your comment. It honestly sounds nonsensical lol if you don't mind me saying. Prose comes in a variety of different styles. It's not just functional and "flowery shit". We're reading a book after all, not a screenplay. Just my preference but there should be at least some effort to make the writing interesting instead of it just being "he went there, she did this". Sandersons prose is about as flat and boring as it gets. It's like the writing on the back of a cereal box.
Disagree. I HATED joffrey in ASOIAF but he was a brilliantly written character. Same with jorg in broken empire. He's absolutely not likable and is a piece of shit but he's very well developed and complex. Not a weak character at all.
Uh yes he can...? He pretty much plays as a secondary pg along with Trae.
He doesn't owe the cavs anything. Teams treat players as assets and trade pieces all the time. Why should players be expected to treat the team as some hallowed institution they owe their allegiance to?
Lol bunch of nerds arguing over statistics. Just watch the games, giannis is better.
Anyone who blames Luka is on crack. Mavs would be an absolute bottom tier team without him. He's a legitimate mvp candidate.
Celtics fans can correct me if I'm wrong but I feel like Hayward when healthy has been the best player on the team. If you're the best player on a team that's likely to make a deep playoff run then you're def worth 30 mill
Post apocalyptic movies that go in depth into exploring the psychology and day to day emotional toll such an event would take on regular people. Don't get me wrong, I love a fury road or quiet place every now and then but I'd like something more character driven and slow burn
Ship him to Orlando
Brolo is one of the most fun players to have in fantasy. A 7 foot SG that can block like 7 shots a game lol
Not really. It just so happens that cp3 is a top 3 pg of all time and is able to manage the offense flawlessly with the talent he has to work with.
If there's one good thing that can come out of this, it's this. Yeah Friends sucks, fite me
You're trying really hard to make yourself sound intelligent and well-versed but you're coming off as nonsensical as first of all, your arguments make almost zero sense, and second, by attempting to cram as many unnecessary big words as you could find, you turned your entire post into a jumbled world salad.
Even though I don't always agree with the general consensus on this sub on certain authors and other fantasy related stuff, for the most part it's probably one of the best specific book/media related subs on all of reddit.
Your comment has literally nothing to do with what I posted.
Wow could not disagree more. I find your attitude towards prose very reductive and dismissive. If I'm reading a novel, which is literally playing with the written word, I'd like to see it being used in interesting ways. That's part of what makes an author great, to invoke feeling and imagery through their writing style alone. Sanderson is fundamentally bad at this because there's no flair to his writing. Which is fine - his priority has always been breezy, action-filled and fun stories. They're easy to digest and easy to read, which is why they're popular. It's the same thing with pop music or big budget Hollywood movies. And do you actually think Le Guin has flowery prose? As u/qwertilot mentioned, her style is actually very concise and straightforward. She just says a lot in little words.
Do it! The campaign is ridiculously fun. It's an awesome near-future military sf story that would have been a critical hit if it didn't have the COD name attached to it.
The first book is pretty slow the entire way through and it was a bit of a slog for me. Second book is a little better though. However, I honestly don't think it's good enough where it's worth trudging through a few hundred pages if you're not enjoying it. I honestly think Sanderson is way overhyped on this sub.
Hell yeah! All Mr Robot needs is to be on Netflix, and I guarantee that it will blow up.
As much as I wanted Rami to win, I'm happy about Brian Cox winning it too. Succession is only 2nd to Mr Robot as the best show on TV in 2019.
Great way to put it, although I'd argue whether Jalan was actually that horrible. He's a self-serving coward but is he really that *bad*? Nona from Book of the Ancestors is also pretty much a "heroic" character even though she does her share of killing. Jorg is truly a horrible piece of shit though lol. regardless, all of Lawrence's trilogies are very much worth reading, he's one of the best in the business right now.
Yeah I don't find dark and disturbing at all, but PoN just seemed so over the top about it that it was hard to take seriously. Bakker is like screaming TAKE ME SERIOUSLY
&gt;The incessant, never ending need to beat the hope out of Fitz. Lmao that's actually one of my favourite things about Realm of the Elderlings. Not in a sadistic, i-want-to-see-him hurt way but because Fitz always finds the strength to keep going. It's dark and depressing but also hopeful and inspiring in a way. I will admit though, it's tough sometimes to see the main character get so mercilessly beaten down, physically and mentally, at almost every turn. ROTE is my favourite thing in fantasy but I have to admit it skirts the line of emotional torture porn at times.
I think the series would actually *benefit* from the characters being bland, but Jordan seemingly wanted to make everyone as actively annoying and juvenile as possible.
I definitely think some of the biggest and most popular series on this sub are exactly what Le Guin is talking about. Not naming any names but we all know what they are. OTOH if we're talking hugely popular series, I think ASOIAf is the exact opposite of what you'd expect a mega-successful series to be. It's dense, complex, very gritty and raw and doesn't make a lot of concession to accessibility at the very beginning. A lot of the characters, POV ones at that, can be unlikable and Martin is almost always...ugh forgive me for using these words...subverting expectations. It also some of the best pure character-driven storytelling I've ever seen in the genre and that shines through the endless parade of names, houses, histories, family trees and bOiLeD LeAtHeR I'd also use Robin Hobb as an example. Her books very well-regarded and are quite popular to boot - they all have tens of thousands of ratings on Goodreads, and unanimously high scores across the board. All the while absolutely refusing to abide by the tropes and cliches you would see in commodified fantasy. take the Farseer trilogy for example. On the surface, it sounds like your typical coming-of-age/training fantasy story - young boy gets trained as an assassin from a very young age to fight the enemies of the kingdom. Would've been easy to slap on some training montages, and make him a badass fighter doing le cool assassin things. Instead we get a poignant, powerful and often heartwrenching tale of a broken individual who never really manages to become the person he visualized himself wanting to be. *Because* he was trained as an assassin as a child - it would traumatize anyone on a mental and emotional level. The scars of Fitzs' choices reverberate throughout the trilogy and the subsequent books as well. Hobb doesn't hesitate to absolutely destroy her characters and prevent any easy wins or even any moments of catharsis. Every victory is tinged with melancholy and heartache. This is why I consider her to be the best living writer of fantasy right now.
100% Robin Hobb. Her works are the antithesis of the "commodity" fantasy while still being accessible and fun (well...maybe "fun" isn't the right word). They're slow, often glacially paced, focused almost entirely on character development and character psychology over plot and almost entirely eschew cool and badass moments for something more real and often heartbreaking. And man does Hobb definitely NOT coddle her characters lol. It's almost painful to read about Fitz sometimes.
Latvian Laser\*
What does that matter? Lol he already has the contract and the NTC, Lebron can't do anything to him.
That's Patrick "3-peat in his first 3 years in the league" McCaw to you, pleb
Solid, versatile glue guy that does a little bit of everything and can fit on any team and contribute. Good enough scorer that he could probably avg 15-16 ppg with lebron and AD
Trophies are pretty meaningless in general
I don't know if this fits your requirements because I don't think I've ever seen it discussed here - but I LOVE Tad Williams' "Otherland" tetralogy. Memory Sorrow and Thorn is what he's famous for but Otherland imo is his magnum opus. It's such a huge, epic tale with some truly wonderful touches. Easily my favourite "trapped in virtual reality" style story.
Oh yeah haha just in my personal opinion. There are definitely other fantasy authors you can make a case for as well.
Is this your first time playing fantasy? Brolo is like top 50 in cat leagues lol. Points leagues are lame anyway.
You just proved his point lol
Honestly pretty much everything by Sanderson. His premises, ideas and worldbuilding are always good - but poor characters, terrible prose and formulaic, predictable storytelling really takes away from the overall quality of the stories.
In her defense, i did think the writing got better as the books went on. It was never amazing or anything, but Half Blood Prince and Deathly Hallows are considerably better written than Philosopher's Stone and Chamber of Secrets
I just want some good fried chicken, man.
I never said they were objectively bad, though.
I suppose it's more of a subjective thing but I'll try and provide my opinion on it. I find most of his characters bland archetypes. They seem to fall in the angsty brooding hero, the plucky feisty heroine and the wise old warrior/mentor cliches. Sometimes they have some color to them but for the most part they're kind of boring without a lot of complexity. In Stormlight Sanderson *tried* for complexity by adding a bunch of mental issues or whatever but it fell flat for me and seemed really contrived. The prose - i actually don't think this is subjective at all. His prose and dialogue are bland and functional at best and clumsy and stilted at worst. There's no flair whatsoever to the writing, it's basically just utilitarian. I get a lot of readers are fine with this as they just want the action but it does nothing for me, and just lowers the quality of his books as a piece of literature. Storytelling - I feel like he does the same thing in every novel. Build up a mystery (which is fine), spend a *lot* of pages on the magic system (not for me, I dislike how they turn the action and plot video gamey) and then a big climax at the end. All his novels pretty much happen this way and after a while you know what to expect. The worldbuilding is nice, for sure, but too often it feels like his characters and the narrative are there to serve the worldbuilding and the magic system instead of the other way around. Again, different strokes, but not for me.
Wheel of Time - interesting worldbuilding and lore but terrible characters and plot Red Rising - fast-paced, action-packed with lots of badass moments, but really shallow and basically mindless popcorn entertainment
Lightbringer is basically a shonen anime
&gt; I'm sure you will feel intellectually superior now, and you're probably right, but I don't read fantasy books to bolster my own opinion of my intelligence Where's this coming from? I'm not criticizing Sanderson to feel intellectually superior. His works just genuinely aren't to my tastes. I don't disagree with you either on Tolkien's writing style - it's very heavy and old-timey and can feel impersonal. We can at least be in agreement with Abercrombie and Lynch as I really enjoy their works. I read fantasy for the same reason as you haha. Always nice to escape reality into a stranger world.
It's Sekou Szn homie
Anyone playing fantasy needs to pick up Sekou Doctor Doum-bouya
Both sound pretty cool to me tbh, and I think they both have a lot of potential. But like u/legalpothead said - the best stories are always about the journey of characters. The reader will see the world and the narrative through the eyes of your characters. So I'd say maybe pick a couple of characters, one in each setting, whose stories you want to tell. Who are they? What do they want in life, or in the world in the context of your setting? How will they achieve it and what are the obstacles in their path? These should give you an idea on how to organically create some conflict, and your setting should do the rest. Maybe for setting one, your MC lives a hardscrabble life on one of the planets, a poorer one without much resources or infrastructure. The civil war arrives at this planet as it's weaker and defenseless and is being targeted by a more powerful planet. You can then have the story be about your MC's survival in this hostile new environment and have him grow and develop as he experiences the horrors of war.
It's because the writing is fantastic and gives all the character real human emotion and flaws. Yeah David is snarky, flamboyant and super gay but he's also kind of lonely, insecure and has a genuinely good heart.
Day-viiiddd
I'm honestly in for anything Dan Levi does after this. He killed it as David and his writing for the show is top notch.
Can confirm, redditing at work
I'll take a spoiled rich politician putting on blackface being our biggest scandal than a motherfucking world War
Good. I don't know enough about the military but I really just hope we stay out of this whole shit show altogether. Not sure how possible that is but man, really don't want to see dead Canadians because of that orange idiot
Oh yeah agreed. But ya know, politicians and hypocrisy, no better iconic duo
10v10 on atrium who says no
That's almost 7 times the population of my country lol
Meditative and melancholy are the first things I think of. Also cozy and warm I guess?
It's possible to write an engaging story about literally anything
MuH wOrLdbUiLdiNg and MaGiC SyStEmS
I want to try it but I hated Wheel of Time lol. Still worth giving it a shot?
Lol you load managed Pop, just own up to it.
How could OP be so brave yet so controversial
Give me Ja and JJJ. I think they have the highest ceilings.
Imagine actually writing all of this out and thinking it was a good idea to share this opinion with the world lol
&gt;You're the best team in the league I mean...a team with Steph, Klay and Giannis will also be far and away the best team in the league lol. If Giannis wants to win and be in the best squad, it's in his best interests to team up with Steph.
Realm of the Elderlings is *the* absolute best in the genre when it comes to character development. Honestly I don't think anyone else comes close.
He's also a Capitals and Yankees fan
He probably just started watching basketball this year, give him a break.
&gt; per 36 minutes in the clutch. lmao
Facts. I've played some mad intense games of Dom on Shoot House and Hackney Yard (the 2 best maps in the game imo) where you literally don't have a second to rest because everyone is going for the flags at all times. That's when this game is at its best. It's hectic and fun as hell.
Yeah just throw a 3.25 scope on one of them bitches with some accuracy mods and you're good
Agreed. I find it hard to play Core now, HC is just too much fun. Less camping (in my experience), more people playing objectives and I love the fact that every gun is viable, and it' harkens back to the twitchy COD of old where reflex and aim matters the most. Just wish they had some 10v10 modes.
Ground War as a whole is awful lol. i only play it to get longshot kills for AR camo challenges
Yeah even with a lot of recoil/control mods, your gun will lose some accuracy at long ranges. Burst firing definitely helps, even with very accurate guns like the Kilo and the M4. For guns like Oden, AK etc burst at long range on Core is almost a requirement.
The final season elevated the show into one of the all-time greats for me. It's crazy how a show that started off as so cold, cerebral and detached ended up being so emotionally powerful and heartbreaking.
I've kind of stopped playing Core. Found it too campy and no one playing objectives + M4 being way too powerful. HC is much more balanced. faster paced, more people playing obj and every gun is viable.
Survival is insufficient
It'll probably be a critical success and as a film, I'm sure it'll be great. Denis Villenueve is an excellent director and the cast is stacked. I just don't think it'll really strike a chord mainstream audiences
It just boggles my mind how a starting PG can avg 2 assists like Sexton is lol.
I honestly don't even think Mistborn and Wheel of Time are good beginner recommendations. They're both guilty of the exact things that turn a lot of casual readers away from fantasy. Mistborn is very YA-ish and honestly feels like a videogame with all the rules of the magic system and doesn't do much in the way of character development and prose to draw in new readers. WoT is MASSIVE with an absolute metric shit ton of filler and bloat and honestly some very antiquated and problematic views on gender and relationships. Neither would stand up very well to a new reader who hasn't read fantasy before.
Seriously? Where did I say YA fiction and video games aren't popular? Maybe people looking to try fantasy aren't looking for YA fiction and video game rulebooks when they're reading literature?
DAE think 1984 is like, totally a scathing observation of fascist societies?? Le mind blown!
Keep them as ideas and don't write any of them into a story obviously, ya pleb
You don't *have* an audience my guy. You haven't written anything. There's no finished product. therefore there are no readers and no audience.
The obsession with hair and hairlines on this sub is frankly baffling to me lol. Some really weird dudes here
Yeah I knew about the pseudonym
Lmao yeah printSF does love their Blindsight
Facts. Caruso would be one of the most irrelevant and obscure players in the league if he wasn't playing for the Lakers.
Sounds like every single character Reynolds has written lmao
&gt;Commoditized fantasy author Brandon Sanderson Lmao spicy reference
Haha yes that's what the corporation would call it
I agree with you, and it won't be just "YES GIVE ME MONIES" haha. I was thinking more along the lines of the idea that the founder of the company has a vision of turning these "new" worlds into new Earth, and making all these star system a harmonious, futuristic vision of the stories of old, with utopian societies on planets across the galaxy. He's obsessed with this idea and it's turned into a virus in his head pretty much, and he will go to any lengths to achieve his goals. We will find out in his backstory what he had to give up to make his company what it is, the personal sacrifices he had to make, and he won't back down after making all those compromises
It's very helpful, thanks for your input! I like your first idea of trying to get justice through legitimate means - maybe once he fails, it makes him disillusioned and he sees just how little justice there actually is in this world. This would give him more motivation to join with the dissidents. Maybe also finds evidence of other people getting hurt or dying or straight-up killed because of what the corp is doing, adding fuel to the fire
Exactly the angle I'm going for! That's their party line (and in actuality part of what they're doing). They've improved the lives of many by providing jobs and infrastructure on colony worlds - the cost being them being in complete control and doing as they feel with the worlds they consolidate. So they definitely have *some* argument to be doing what they are
There's actually another twist I was considering although I don't know if it's too far fetched. The idea is that Viridia went through a cataclysmic event in the recent past. Before that it was a wealthy planet, growing in power and influence. But behind the scenes, the corporation would be behind this cataclysm, committed through sleeper agents they had sent to this star system. Once the planet is decimated and the inhabitants are struggling to put things back together, in comes the Corp, offering hope and salvation from a disaster they created. Maybe the MC finds this out and this also provides a big motivation for him
He would be a complete zero dude, stop fooling yourself. What swag? Are you tripping? Literally his only defining characteristic is that he's balding. You kids need to go outside lol
Yesss this is what I wanted the most.
I think for Realm of the Elderlings, it also helps that the scope is much, *much* smaller. ASOIAf and WoT are huge, continent and world spanning, end-of-the-world epic tales. ROTE is way more intimate in scope and the battles are usually internal and between people and their relationships. There are external conflicts, sure, but I've always felt that they were secondary to the psychological battles the characters were fighting.
A:TLA is better than WoT in every conceivable way lol. They're not even in the same league.
Carmelo's Blazers, lmfao imagine typing that and actually posting it
It's been a hell of a year bros :(
Anything by Brandon Sanderson should fit the bill.
Yeah when I think A tier, I don't just look at worldbuilding or magic systems or whatever. I look at authors who can really *write*, really weave some magic with their words. Sanderson just isn't on that level
Will Barton should've gotten that extension. Easily the 2nd best player on the team.
Most fun: Raps, Heat Most boring: Rockets
Kawhi has 2 rings and fmvp though, and he was the best player on a championship team. Those are superstar credentials
Definitely meant gosling I think lol, who's made a career out of the stoic badass. Reynolds is like...the complete opposite
The Irishman wasn't exactly top tier Scorsese though
Book of the Ancestor is dope as fuck. Nona is one of the best female protags I've read in recent years.
It's funny, I think Lakers fans talk the most about the Clippers than anyone else I've seen on this sub.
Ricky is finally making the Suns look like a legit offense and helping them win games. He's an elite floor general and complements Booker and Ayton very well. Why would the Suns trade him for B-tier role players like Harkless and Shamet who don't raise their ceiling much at all?
I usually prefer personal battles, especially if we care about the characters and their lives are at stake. Big battles can be good but they tend to feel a bit impersonal and detached and after years of reading epic fantasy I'm a bit burnt out by them.
Kareem is the 2nd greatest of all time
Yeah man, don't you know how STREET these 0.01 percenter multi-millionaires are, funded by a dude with a net worth of $40 billion? GIVEN as fuck brah
That's the thing - Kobe was a lifer. He lived and breathed LA. Despite the rumored trade requests, he never left, helped them win 3 rings and carried them to 2 more. Doubt *anyone* will ever surpass Kobe as the most beloved athlete in that city. Hell, even Shaq and Lebron aren't on that level, what chance does a mercenary like Kawhi, who doesn't even really seem to care much about what team he plays for, have?
I can never dislike Sweet Lou no matter who he plays for. Love watching his ball out.
I appreciate how the Spurs played ball and how fundamentally sound they were. With that being said they were still boring as shit.
Kawhi is boring? You serious? Dude is the closest thing we have to Jordan. His game is very exciting - his combination of raw strength and finesse is very fun to watch. Also one of the few dudes keeping the wet midrange alive.
Sky Ranger Prowlers Night Wolves
The Master of None
Lol what kind of dumb thread is this? What kind of taco sub are you posting in? /s Agreed. I think we should try and foster a more positive culture here.
Gonna have to try this. Origin is the next shotty I'm trying to gold
Lol they made the right decision. SGA is now the franchise player on a team with a bright future. Would not want to see him waste his talents in the Cavs dumpster fire.
Giannis back-to-back MVP leggooo
Very fair trade imo, both guys have the same number of MVPs and rings /s
Definitely Gobert. The best rim protector in the league - his defense is absolutely game-changing. I would argue that Rubio has been almost as important to PHX winning games this year as Booker.
He's up there. Top 5 for me would probably be Kyrie, Steph, Dame, PG and Giannis
Siakam and Powell are back, and FVV should be back soon so Lowry's minutes will hopefully, as a Raps homer, go down to 30-32ish. A 34 year old PG playing almost 40 mpg is ridiculous but you can't really blame Nurse too much - we were so crippled by injuries that he didn't have much of a choice.
Yeah I loved that the lore was there if you wished to dive into it, but it wasn't necessary. If all you wanted was to rip and tear, well shit, Doom Guy is happy to oblige
What does that have to do with anything? Yeah, Cavs embarrassed us year after year. Doesn't change the fact that they've been a dumpster fire since Lebron left (and were pretty dysfunctional even then).
Hardcore objective modes only
Lol so funny you mention the recipe one. My wife loves cooking and follows a lot of online recipes and she was complaining about this exact same thing - having to wade through a bunch of irrelevant BS before getting to the actual ingredients and recipe
CCP is so fetch these days
I just read 1984. WOW... JUST WOW. DAE think it really reflects FASCISM and AUTHORITARIANISM?!
1 word is better than 0 my friend. Any progress you make is worth being proud of
Agreed. OP, check out The Terror by Dan Simmons. It's very similar to what you're talking about - a group of British explorers on an Arctic expedition come across something supernatural while also dealing with the local Inuit population. It's a fantastic read and the TV adaptation is great.
Really? There was like no "on-screen" development for Dalinar lol.
He was a prototype Westbrook with a better shot. At least that's what I see when I see Russ.
High Alert is a lifesaver when you're sniping and have to be stationary a lot. Really helps to know if someone's burned your location.
I haven't seen any other fanbase talk as much about the clippers as Lakers fans lol. It's actually hilarious.
TPL is so awesome.
KAT probably uses M4 and 725 with claymores and never plays objectives
Easily one of THE most overrated books on Reddit
Last book I read was Nrowegian Wood by Haruki Murakami Current book I'm reading is Children of Time by Adrian Tcahikovsky Next book will probably be Wolf Hall by Hilary Mantel
Amazing book, it's like a cyberpunk Count of Monte Cristo lol
What about his sentence structure did you find complex? Sorry, I just didn't think his writing was all that intricate or dense or whatever.
Yes, make the White Walker lineup happen and give us the GoT Season 8 we deserve
I'm subscribin' man. That's a series I would soooo love to see.
I'd probably be ok giving up most anyone other than Siakam.
Realm of the Elderlings books by Robin Hobb. She takes an almost perverse delight in absolutely destroying her main characters, both emotionally and physically. It's honestly hard to read at times lol, but it's also incredibly powerful and emotional.
Really? Are you being flippant or what, because those guys are all versatile, impactful players with championship experience. I get loving your franchise superstar but it's not like Siakam, Gasol and Lowry are scrubs...they were huge parts of helping us get a ring.
I actually found Bakker's books so over-the-top in their attempts to be graphic and shocking that they crossed the line into unintentionally hilarious. They read like a teenager's attempts at being edgy.
Yeah Hyperion, the first one, is one of my all-time favourites. It blew my mind when I read it and I think about it pretty often. But like you said, the sequels just didn't capture that same magic.
I'm actually reading it right now and it's a lot of fun. Reminds me of A Deepness in the Sky by Vernor Vinge and I'm fairly sure Tchaikovsky was heavily inspired by it. Like Deepness, the uplifted species are more interesting than the humans lol
Drop Sekou for Culver? He's my only droppable player
He's gone if they don;t win a ring this year. Averaging almost 40 points a game, having another MVP playing next to you with nothing to show for it? Yeah he's probably not happy.
Write what you want to write. If hard sf is what you're more interested in writing, then do that. I will say though that by and large, you'll find readers are more interested in your characters and your story as opposed to how rigorous and accurate the science is. This is not always the case, however, and some people definitely prefer the scientific aspect over characters and narrative.
Could be a multi-team deal. Apparently Houston, Dallas and Philly are interested as well.
Put ma key in de door bodies layin all over de floor
I've read the first 5 books in the series so not accurate to say I haven't read GoTM or that my points are baseless
Welp here comes the feels train :( I can't read the Gray Havens chapter without getting misty eyed
One of the greatest I've ever read for sure. So evocative, powerful and melancholy.
&gt;but how exactly has this guy been consistent? Refer to his game logs :) &gt; we all know how much of a slump he can get into. He only underperforms when he's injured or doesn't get minutes &gt; Lol he definitely won’t finish anywhere near top 50 He's already the #75th ranked player, and that's with missing two games recently and an entire month earlier. Lots of season still left!
I was debating this and I feel like wall is a little better as a distributor and defender and westbrook was absolutely annihilate opposing second units so it might be better for team composition overall
Lmfao
I got some shit for holding onto Favors for the entire season (I drafted him in the 7th round). But that guy is my homie and I've drafted him every year for the last 4-5 years, I wasn't gonna give up on him like that. Well I sure feel vindicated now lol
I'm 8th of 12th so I'm just barely holding on (8 teams make playoffs). Not sure how sustainable it is though, I've had to hit it out of the park with all my streams to even stay afloat.
James harden sighs in relief
For fun guys only
Lol no way dude, are you tripping. Kyrie is just an idiot that runs his mouth. AB is an actual piece of shit human being. He is way worse than kyrie.
Damn that was slick. That jelly at the end was almost as nice. Spurs fans, why is dejounte barely getting any playing time?
Yo somebody come get their nephew
Raps, nuggets and Pacers I reckon
Unless he falls off a cliff, I don't see how he doesn't. He's avging 29/9/9 on great efficiency at 20 years of age and carrying his team to the playoffs. What he's doing is almost unthinkable at a player this young and only the best of the best have ever shown this kind of talent. He's only gonna get better and he's like 5-6 years away from even hitting his prime. My guess is that in the next year or two he will likely be in the conversation as the best player in the world. His game doesn't have as many holes as giannis who is the only other player who can take that best in the world crown.
From a real life perspective he's an elite rim protector and is one of the main reasons why the bucks defense is so good. From a fantasy standpoint he's rated #45 on the season Real embarrassing right?
You 👉 don't 🚯 know 😡 what 😱 ur 👀 talking 🔊 bout 👿
Punched the air and snapped his neck back on reflex
Devin "empty stats on a bad team" Booker at it again smh
Especially when ayton is now turning into a super efficient 20/10 guy with solid rim protection too. He honestly isn't that far behind Luka
One of the greatest basketball moments I've ever witnessed. Curry was incredible even before this obviously but this was the moment when I was convinced that he's truly one of the all time greats
Not really tbh. Haruki Murakami, jhumpa lahiri, Cormac Mccarthy and Robin hobb are my favourite non SF authors and I don't see a lot of connection between what I love about their works and the Sci fi I read.
Do you really have to post a different thread about Blindsight every week? This is like the 7th thread from you I've seen posted on the book. Just ask all your questions in one thread lmao
Princess Mononoke and Spirited Away to me are the absolute pinnacle of what animation can achieve, from an artistic, storytelling and emotional standpoint. Absolute masterpieces.
I'm actually working on something like this! It's more of a stone age story dealing with 3 tribes at war with each other, powered by animal totems and also a looming Lovecraftian darkness in the background
No thoughts but i just wanted to upvote you for a clever nickname in a sea of really shitty ones.
If you don't read, you're going to be a shitty writer. No ifs or buts about it, just straight facts. Then again I get the feeling that a lot of people here are more interested in making a movie or a video game but can't for whatever reason, and decide on writing because it has a lower barrier of entry.
This is me every weekend. TLDR rant time: For the last 6 months or so, I've just been playing around with *ideas* and *concepts* and *premises* without actually writing something. I keep getting paralyzed, worried that no one will like my work in the slim chance that it ever gets published. I keep browsing Goodreads lists of popular fantasy and sci fi books to see what the common theme is among them. Only one thing that sticks out to me: they all seem like stories that the author *wanted* to write instead of something they think would be popular or worried about whether it's been done before or if anyone will read it. So I'm making a more concerted effort at writing the kinds of stories *I* would want to read instead of what my imaginary, non-existent audience would enjoy or whatever some coke-snorting Netflix exec would deign worthy of adapting on to the screen for. Today I started working on one of my bucket list ideas: an alternate-Earth stone age era science fantasy with warring prehistoric tribes that channel the powers of prehistoric animals to fight against a Lovecraftian threat that may very well be aliens. Also lots of sex and gore. Also the MC is a guy from our "present" world who got pulled into this alternate world and has to survive his harsh new reality. Don't even care anymore if it's ridiculous - the story is swimming in my head and I need to let it free.
Oh I agree with you and I hate that I'm even asking lol. i just get that little voice in my head saying "hey if you're writing *this* you're missing out on writing *this*" etc. Truth is that if I keep listening to that voice *nothing* will get written.
Yeah I don't really hate him because he hasn't actually done anything super shitty or evil. I don't have that kind of emotional investment in him lol. I just find what he says baffling and idiotic.
An all-time great sci-fi novel. It's honestly a must-read no matter what your preferred genres are.
Dude I LOVE your idea. That sounds amazing and something is definitely pick up. I was actually thinking about having an outside element as well, making it an almost portal fantasy where the MC from a more "current" time line gets thrown into this prehistoric alternate earth.
For me, I definitely like the pocket dimension/gateway idea with an alternate prehistoric world. You have more freedom in how you want to depict them and can make them more or less "advanced" technologically, culturally, socially as you wish. Good luck, whatever you end up doing!
Mr Robot easily. Best final season of any show imo
The books are terrible so they have nowhere to go but up. There is some interesting worldbuilding in there but it's bogged down by awful characters, juvenile interpersonal relationships and bloated pacing and filler. Actually good to hear that each season will compress the books because there's a lot of unnecessary shit in them.
4, 5 and 6 are some of the best action movies I've seen in years
You son of a bitch, I'm in
Dame's perspective and demeanor on life is way, *way* more mature and enlightened than Kyrie. They're just wired differently.
No. There are wars but they're in the background. It's nothing like WoT. Much more intimate and character-driven.
Hyperion is one of my all-time favourites! Blindsight I wasn't much of a fan though
I think Dune will be a great movie, but I'm also fairly sure it'll be a commercial flop.
Ok so the concept is pretty neat, especially for something you came up with at 14. I'm always down for some badass revenge stories. The actual execution leaves a little bit more to be desired. To me it comes off a little flat and stilted and is the sign of someone who doesn't read a lot. So that's my advice to you. Start reading, and start reading a lot. Especially fantasy if that's your chosen genre. You'll get a better idea of sentence structure, prose and dialogue and it'll help your words flow better. But keep writing. There's an energy in this little excerpt that made me want to keep reading. You just need more practice and experience.
I feel like will Barton is more of a third option. Seems to be a more versatile player and better defender.
No because jaylen brown doesn't play for the Denver nuggets
I know some women who like the series and have no problem with how the women are portrayed. I don't know if it has any correlation but their personalities are very similar to the female characters portrayed in the books. take that how you will. Personally (not a woman) I think the depiction of both male and female characters is horrendous.
Love it, I'm fanboying hard over two of my favourite fantasy authors talking to each other haha. Also, of course Robin hobb would never let her protagonists have happy, loving *anything* in their lives haha. She's the master of emotional suffering.
Burrich was also the only father he ever knew, so it makes a kind of twisted sense. Emotionally abused kids sometimes give their abusive parents a pass
You can actually keep a player in IL indefinitely even after they lose the Injury tag - you just won't be able to add players from waivers. I don't think this is anything new, I've definitely seen people do this in multiple leagues I've played in. It honestly doesn't really work much to your advantage because chances are, if you have a guy in an IL spot, he's a good player whose production likely won't be replicated by whoever you're streaming.
Was actually thinking of combining the two as well! Post-historic sounds about right lol
Personally I hope Giannis and Siakam end up on the same team together. All-Star team I mean But also Raptors
Crazy people on the subway, streetcars and buses has just been crazy lately. I got in the northbound train at King on Wednesday night, around 9:30ish, and for some reason one whole car was empty. Turns out it was some homeless dude with all his stuff and he had pissed himself on the seats. The smell, along with what I'm guessing is unwashed BO, was something else lol. Had to move like 3-4 cars down just to get away from it.
Nothing wrong with standalones. If it's good, you can sell it. In any case, you can pitch it as a self-contained story with room for an expanded series. Most publishers will want to see if you can tell a standalone story anyway, for your first book.
I value character development and prose above everything else, which is what drew me to the Realm of the Elderlings series. Robin Hobb is second to none when it comes to developing her characters and putting them through some truly awful shit lol. Her writing also has a elegant, melancholy quality to it.
Yeah doesn't it have like 200k ratings on goodreads
Ingram because he doesn't have a massive glaring hole in his game. Simmons is handicapped pretty easily unless he has a team built around him perfectly
Damn millennials killing the movie industry!
These are tropes that are fairly common in fantasy literature and video games, I don't think they're exclusive to Morrowing and Mistborn. Great houses controlling society and ruled by a tyrannical dictator is *very* common in fantasy literature.
Thirded. I don't think anyone should ever feel bad or that there's something wrong with them for not liking a popular, well-acclaimed novel. Tastes are subjective and your opinions are yours. There are lots of popular novels on this sub that I don't like at all.
You are full of it lol, I live in Bendale/Dorset Park. There's no gangs, drugs and escorts around here.
While I don't disagree that not every book is for everyone, it sounds a little bit like you're asking me to not criticize the book. I may be way off base here though so correct me if I'm wrong. I get what the book was going for, but I also don't think that it's justification to not hold it to the same literary criteria that exist for most novels. You can have fast-paced action and a personal story about becoming a great fighter, and still have in-depth character development and good writing - I don't believe those are mutually exclusive. I did mention that on a surface level, the book did have all the ingredients I look for, but I guess there are other aspects that I like as well, which I felt the book didn't deliver on. But again like you said, different strokes.
It's not a competition but this maybe the biggest and most significant death is sports history. i hate even typing those sentences but in terms of how much of a huge profile Kobe had and how much he transcended the sport, I don't think anyone else comes close. How sadly ironic that even in death, Kobe managed to be the biggest. Life sure has a dark sense of humour...
He's been absolutely insane. Carrying the Blazers single-handedly. Kobe would've been proud - this is the very definition of Mamba Mentality.
I'm sorry man but to me it sounds like you're basically saying if you don't like a book, don't critique it because it's not meant for you. How else is criticism supposed to work?
I was thinking along these lines, where one of the society is actually a traitor and tips off Leopold to the existence of a Dreamer, because he wants in on whatever Leopold has planned.
Still weird. He averages 25-27 pts and 7ish assists, and elite ft%. Should be more than enough where he never falls out of the top 10.
Holy shit I LOVED Everworld and Animorphs as a kid, but I've completely forgotten about them in recent years. I wonder if I was subconsciously picked the name lol
&gt;And one tip that may be interesting (or not, you choose): perhaps, even in "our" world, there are retroactively evident signs that hint at the existence of the darkness that is sickening the lost kingdom. Things like, the starlight getting dimmer recently, or people with connections to the lost kingdom becoming somewhat scared and paranoid with shadows/dark rooms/crows/&lt;insert ominous thing here&gt; That's an awesome idea, actually, might incorporate that! &gt;If the Dreamers access the lost kingdom subconsciously, in their sleep... how can they let multiple men, let alone an army, cross the boundary between worlds? Can they learn to consciously open portals? Maybe they let everyone in their dreams somehow? What I'm thinking is that they're called Dreamers, but when they see the lost kingdom in their dreams, they're actually there, physically, inadvertently passing through to the other world. They're just kind of in a half-asleep, half-in and half-out kind of state so everything is hazy and dreamlike to them. Still need to flesh it out a bit more though.
&gt;Also, he framed the review about being "A little disappointed", which reads as centering the OP and not the book, and the reasons for his disappointment - which are quite personal. Criticism by its very nature is completely personal and subjective, though. The very fact that you liked TRoD more than I did is proof of that. All literature is subjective and your reasons for liking or not liking a book is *always* personal. There's no consensus system for how much you should like a book. &gt; This is a place full of other readers, writers, and, yes, authors, so starting posts to attack things just seems a bit...mean? Or anti-social maybe? Lol *what?* Not loving something unconditionally is attacking it and being anti-social? How does that even make any sense?
How is being disappointed in a book having it live up to my expectations? Isn't it the complete opposite?
That's a fair point and I've seen the same criticism for Gene Wolfe's work as well. However, I think even though the stories these guys write can be dense and challenging to read, their prose is objectively masterful. So idk if I necessarily agree that good prose is just something that increases enjoyment of the story.
I actually want to see what the hype is all about for Licanius but everyone keeps comparing it to WoT, which I hated. So IDK
I really dislike this as well, and this is an MO of plot-heavy writers like Sanderson and those of his ilk. I love reading about living, breathing people going about their lives, building relationships and doing mundane things sometimes. It makes me care about them more. if it's just "advancing the plot" over everything, then the characters just seem like they're there as devices for the story to push forward.
I think it really depends on what the reader is looking to get out of their fantasy. After a certain point of comparison, it's kind of hard to deny that there are a multitude of things that Tigana does much better, for lack of a better word, than the Dark Elf trilogy. Like you said there's nothing wrong with popcorn entertainment but ultimately, I usually don't really remember much of the popcorn fantasy I read. They're disposable fun. Something like Tigana, well for me anyway, it's something that sticks.
I hate deus ex machina for sure, but I think you can still have "soft" magic without resorting to a cheap solution to save the hero. It really depends on the skill of the writer.
I'm inclined to agree. It's nice that we want authors to feel like their work means something to us but sometimes I find that we tend to walk on eggshells a bit too much when discussing works of authors that post on this sub.
Martyrdom, akimbo 1776s before patch and one man army noob tubes on HC Shipment, let's get it
What's wrong with writing fantasy? Or are we being snarky cause everyone on the feeding ground wants to be the next Robertandon Jordanderson lol
I think the book is actually closer to what a crowdsourced reddit novel would look like. The movie was a slight improvement over the white male nerd nostalgia porn that the book was
And timothee chalamet, don't forget him.
There's nothing unique about Stormlight aside from the very surface setting. It's still an archetypical good vs evil tale with a thousand-year old threat returning after a long time, and a bunch of plucky teens with their wise mentors saving the world.
May I tell you about our lord and savior Malazan? Highly recommended if you're looking for a slice of life LGBTQ romance about people running a pastry shop Or if you're looking for some post-apocalyptic Afrofuturism, definitely try out Mistborn!
&gt;Lovecraft Valhalla Rising Literally my dream story to the point where I'm working on writing a story centered around something like this
They don't get any better lol. You'll have to live with it if you choose to continue. FWIW I gave up around the 7th book because I just got tired of the bloated, interminable plot and the awful, unlikable characters. WoT fans will try and justify how awful the characters are by saying, oh wait until book 10 or 11 when they really develop or something without realizing just how absolutely, unequivocally *ridiculous* that statement is. Also...Sanderson had good characters? Hobb obviously has incredible character development, and McClellan and Weeks are solid at it but man, Sanderson's characters are almost as wooden and dull as the ones in WoT lol
&gt;\*Rey and Kylo kiss and it's the worst fucking thing ever. LOL for real? That legit sounds like some shitty Tumblr fan fiction. There was like absolutely zero romantic build up between Kylo and Rey. I'm betting it probably wasn't even developed in TRoS?
&gt;I go back and forth on whether to get a tattoo of their symbol constantly! Probably not the best idea lol
Am I the only one who thinks it may not be the worst idea to have a critique thread on this sub? I find that most of the posters here are much more well-read, honest and forthcoming than on somewhere like r/writing or r/fantasywriters (which is still solid). Maybe a weekly sticky on a reciprocation basis, like "i read yours, you read mine"? We can put a limit on word count so as not to have people spend too much time reading. Focus on no sugarcoating, honest critique but not being assholes either. Just a potential (possibly stupid lol) idea.
That's not what he said though? I thought the implication in his comment was pretty clear - if you're a millennial and you're a fantasy reader (which is a given if you're on this sub) then there's a *very* high chance that you grew up with reading Harry Potter.
I'm sure you're not the only one but they're just not very well done or believable, and kind of make me cringe at times. But like you said, being on the asexual spectrum may have something to do with it. I'm not too aware of how that works for you, so I don't want to offend or presume, but could it be maybe because you don't have a lot of experience with romantic relationships? (just basing off what you said)
Ah ok! my bad haha. Honestly if you enjoy it then that;s all that matters. I'm not a fan personally because I actually find it the complete opposite of emotionally believable lol, but I'm just one person
...ok? lol
What about Sandersons romances do you find believable? Because to me they all come off like a fantasy version of a middle school dance where the boys and girls stand on separate sides of the floor and make moony eyes at each other
Aren't these characters supposed to be late teens all the way to adults in their late 30s or 40s or whatever? Is it realistic that they'd act like middle school children? I can't comment on laurel k Hamilton because I haven't read her books and I'm not even sure how that's relevant here
Lol they completely botched Death Note, which by all rights should have been one of the easiest anime to adapt. Now they're gonna try one that's super over the top and just...super *animeish*? This has disaster written all over it
I agree with your second point in that most fantasy writers, especially male ones, are pretty bad at romance but also gotta disagree that Sanderson does it any better.
Maybe you can give me some examples of mature, non cringeworthy romance scenes from his books instead of being condescending. Cause I've read a lot of his stuff and I'm sorry, it's just not there.
That's beautiful. What's this style called? It kind of looks like Herges *ligne claire*
Wow that is so terrible lol. That's Sanderson humor for you I guess.
Sanderson and attempts at humor? Gonna be a hard pass.
Week ago!
Reminds me of Lovecrafts The Color Out of Space. This is how I imagined tye color to look lol. Very nice work.
I think he went a little too hard on averaging 38 ppg. It's impressive as hell but that kind of workload would take a toll on anyone.
I was shipping for starling and Fitz so hard in assassins quest lol but of course it wouldn't be Fitz if he didn't go out of his way to be as miserable as possible
Beren and Luthien Brashen and Althea from Liveship Traders Brandin and Dianora from Tigana Worst: any of the romances in WoT or Sandersons books. Also worst: kvothe and denna but really anything with kvothe and women
Ebert's reviews were amazing even when I disagreed with them (not often, tbh). He's honestly in a tier of his own. So many critics these days try to copy his snark without having his deep and heartfelt appreciation for the medium. Ebert really took each movie for what it was trying to do rather than what he thought it should be. He had impeccable taste without being a snob and was able to appreciate art house stuff and blockbusters in equal measure.
No offense, but is English your first language? The grammar, punctuation and vocab is really hard to read, sentences are structured really strangely etc. I'd recommend either reading a lot more English language novels or maybe attempt to write in your own language
This trilogy is actually amazing. It sounds really cliche and formulaic on the surface and in some ways it is, but the execution is incredible. It's a transition point between LOTR-esque epic quest fantasy and the more grounded, darker political intrigue-heavy narratives made popular by ASOIAF - GRRM in fact has lifted a lot of his ideas from the trilogy and has directly referred to it as an inspiration.
Seriously dude? Klay is like the 2nd or 3rd greatest shooter of all time and plays very good defense. You're really downplaying just how big of a part he played on that Warriors dynasty, especially the first ring without KD
I think the hate for Dray is more because he talks trash like a first option sueprstar instead of an excellent role player who can't really do much on his own. Also the whole kicking the kiwi dude in the nuts thing
&gt;Kushiel (Phedre's Trilogy) Oo nice pick. This would probably make my top 7 if I had to expand the list
One tip for the HDR - use the Bull barrel. It slows ADS speed wayyyyy the hell down, but it also lowers recoil a lot and increases the fire rate. I've found it the best way to get double kills for the HDR. Euphrates Bridge is your best bet.
I gave you my ex owners numba PSIKE! that's the wrong numba!
It's one of the most popular books on this sub but personally I found it mediocre, even below average. There are some things it does well, like worldbuilding and action scenes but everything else was lacking. Shallow characters, dull prose, a plot that's been done a million times before. it's got a lot of action and things going on but none of it particularly compelling. But then again YMMV as people seem to love it. I see it kind of like an MCU movie - lots of flashy action but not much substance. It's a pretty easy read and won't challenge you in any way so you might be able to blow through it.
With all due respect, you really shouldn't be asking a bunch of strangers to come up with a plot for you. A plot is supposed to come from within yourself - it's a story you want to tell. So figure what story it is that you want to convey. If you can't find one then chances are your heart is not really in it.
The whole Prime video interface is horrendous. Terrible user experience. Idk how you can be one of the biggest tech companies in the world and have this travesty of a user interface for one of your biggest products
Lol the book is fucking amazing but every day someone posts about it on arrr books pretending like it hasn't been discussed a million times before. Most of the time they have nothing insightful to add to the discussion. It's just a variation of "omg isn't real life like totally 1984 tho"
You gotta come to Scarborough, specifically Lawrence and Pharmacy, if you really want GOAT-tier shawarma.
Have you seen the state of the US? Lmao why would we open our borders to that insanity?
It really does boggle the mind. Like what fucking universe are these dipshits living in where they think that's even remotely close to being funny?
Gonna have to agree with you. I found the trilogy to be more Sanderson-esque than WoT actually, in that the focus is mostly on the plot and worldbuilding and everything else like characters, dialogue and prose are pretty severely lacking. I prioritize character development and prose way more these days so the books fell pretty flat for me.
Absolutely zero chance that Wheel of Time will be anywhere even close to Game of Thrones. GoT is one of the most popular shows *of all time*. It's one in a million, and shows like that come along very rarely. The biggest critical factor to GoT's success is that the story transcended the genre. It was a gritty, grounded (for the most part) and subversive retelling of fantasy myths, and along with the excellent characterization and acting, it was able to appeal to all demographics. Toning down the fantasy aspects in the beginning helped a lot too, as it was able to tell its story as more of a dense political drama/thriller with some sprinkling of the fantastical. WoT on the other hand is about as *fantasy* as it gets. You have your chosen one, your dark lord and his evil henchmen, mages, orcs, magic systems etc pretty much right off the bat. Despite its popularity, it's something that really only appeals to fantasy fans. It doesn't have the mainstream appeal that GoT did. Also, it has some truly atrocious gender dynamics and interpersonal relationships and dialogue which, unless changed heavily, will sink the show like a lead balloon. The first few books are essentially LOTR retreads - mainstream viewers have seen this all before and I doubt they want to see another version of it, this time with annoying teenagers. The books really only somewhat get their own identity around book 5 or 6 and there's no way in hell that non-book fans will stick around for multiple seasons. WoT won't have any of the casual viewership that GoT did because GoT is honestly extremely different from WoT - what drew people to GoT won't do the same for WoT. I think this show will most likely be a pretty major flop.
I find it really hard to believe that anyone but the most diehard fans will stick around for 3 seasons of derivative storytelling. There are way too many options out there right now for most people to bother.
I would argue that you'd be a pretty poor writer if you *don't* have an overactive imagination. It's kind of a requirement for the job.
Trump, that you bud?
Striking Cobra vs Sleeping Dragon
I would stay the fuck awya from anywhere near that field
It's not very often that I actually want to read more from a draft posted on this sub, but this one really did hook me. It helps that I'm a sucker for any story taking place on the jovian moons but this was immediately interesting to me. I'd definitely read more!
I don't think you want to write because you have a story to tell. You want to write to make a lot of money and have the lifestyle that comes with it. That's why you can't write anything honest because you don't have honest intentions for your story. You don't have a story to tell.
I live 2 minutes away from a fire station and honestly it's not bad at all. I don't really even notice it now (in fact, I don't even think I did when i first moved here).
Weird, Shadow Rising is where I noped out of the series
I just finished this book and...wow, just wow.
Wow. Just wow.
Get a cat. Trust me. They'll take care if that mouse real quick. Also, if you have one mouse now, there's a chance you'll get another one in the future. Might as well keep the cat around, you also have the benefit of a cute, furry friend.
Character development and I don't think it's even close. Good characters can pretty much carry a show entirely. Worldbuilding isn't really that important to me and I'm a big reader of fantasy.
Didn't take long for a racist to show up
Majority of my music is various types of alt rock, metal and hip hop but I fuck with BTS. My wife is a huge fan and put me on them. They have some legit bangers and their videos have insane production values and choreography
If there's one person who can save us from the zombie apocalypse, it's Rama
Any asshole that goes out of there way to spoil stuff for people should get a taste of their own medicine. Scour their comment and post history for a game/movie/tv show/book they're excited about trying, find out the ending and plot twists and spoil the fuck out of it.
I personally don't see a point in getting critique or feedback until you've finished your first draft and done revising. All it'll do is steer you in a million different directions. I remember when I was in a writing group with about 8-9 people and we'd critique each other's work on a weekly basis, rotating every week. Without fail, I would get about 8-9 different kinds of feedback on my chapters which just became confusing after a while. You'll end up changing and editing so much that it won't even be your story anymore. What happens when you get critique for a chapter is a lot of commentary based on personal preference, which is stated as something you *should* be changing. It might not even work to the benefit of your story to change it. After all, you can't judge a narrative by a couple thousand words. My advice is to finish your draft, edit and then get beta readers. This way, you'll get the feedback of someone actuslly experiencing the story rather than reading a chapter simply for the purpose of line by line critique.
Oh God are Ari Aster fanboys the new Blade Runner 2049 fanboys.
The character development was key to elevating Train to Busan above a typical zombie flick. Any horror/survival movie is at its scariest when you're worried about what's going to happen to the characters. Otherwise there's no stakes. TtB made me genuinely care about almost everyone and as a result, the tension was sky-high throughout the entire movie
One of the most overrated movies in years
*Jordan Peele sweating gif but with Trudeau's face*
But but r/TheLastOfUs2 told me that this game will be a massive flop and no one will play it!
Aniyah and Azhir are instant back outs for me.
No, the COVID virus will go through your pants and into your butthole. Stay away from park benches.
FUUUUUUUUCK YOU BUDDAY!
Pretty much everything by Lars von Trier and Gaspar Noe
r/music has a Hall of Fame blacklist as well. Before they implemented it, it was just wall to wall Radiohead, Tool, David Bowie, Kanye West, Metallica songs etc.
I will never understand the crazy amount of praise this series gets. I found all of it just so incredibly mediocre. Basically felt like a action RPG video game. Shallow characters, terrible prose, cliched plot and atrocious dialog.
A 9 minute song about the inherent violence and division in humanity and angels looking upon them in bafflement is a radio friendly tune? Lol alright then.
Hmm I swear I saw Fear Inoculum have like 34 million listens. That's what shows on I hover over the little bar on the Spotify app on desktop. With thag being said those songs are all legit bangers
For me, it's Right in Two. Sadly more relevant than it's ever been.
If Eulogy doesn't win I'm gonna fuckin riot
7empest for me. I'm usually more of a fan of the bands softer, more reflective side but man that track just fucking slaps
It's hard to say because lyrics, like music, is fairly subjective and it really depends on the kind of music you're talking about. Maynard probably is one of the best when it comes to alt rock/metal in general but you can't really compare him to someone like Kendrick or Biggie or Nas in hip hop or Prince/Madonna/The Beatles etc when it comes to lighter pop music. They are all exemplary in their chosen genre. Maynard happens to be one of the best in his. Even in the wider "rock" umbrella there are quite a few considerably better. Bob Dylan, Tom Waits, Neil Young, Leonard Cohen, Bruce Springsteen etc
Whoa that's definitely unpopular lol. That gives me chills every damn time
You mean Tool songs are structured like Pink Floyd? Lol.
*cries in Modern Warfare*
There was a time when most of the fantasy I enjoyed was the flashy, epic kind. Tons of books in the series, hundreds of pages, magic systems, big battles, heroes duking it out with the bad guys etc, with lots of blood and gore preferably. These days, I prefer the complete opposite. I like small-scale, character driven stories that focus on internal development and relationships. And I absolutely need to have good prose and writing. Can't abide by anything else. Give me compelling characters and some lyrical world play and I can read thousands of pages easily. There was a time when I *loved* guys like Sanderson, Weeks etc. These days, I find them almost unreadable. People like Robin Hobb, Gene Wolfe and Guy Gavriel Kay are my favourite fantasy authors now.
One of the best trilogies ever.
Oh God please don't let the feeding ground read this analogy they're already obsessed with turning their stories into half baked rpgs
Viggo Mortensen too
Your ideas probably aren't as unique or clever as you imagine. Ideas mean nothing by themselves, it's all about the execution. It's possible to create something compelling out of even the most basic idea. To be more specific, you're going about it the wrong way, trying to develop your magic system and worldbuilding before characters and plot. No one cares about your magic system. It doesn't matter how complex or unique or badass it is. It simply is irrelevant unless you have characters and story to back it up.
The Farseer trilogy by Robin Hobb. It's fairly grounded low fantasy without a lot of magic and focused more on character development and with some lovely prose.
What's up with this dude? He's been throwing a temper tantrum across this entire thread lol
Wow...Just wow. I'm literally speechless rn
Could it be because of jobs in construction and the trades, which I would assume are pretty heavily male-oriented? You can't exactly wfh for those.
What is with this new trend on this sub of trying to tear down or minimize the achievements of all-time greats? What a dumb post.
Oh shit one of my posts made it here. Truly this is a blessed day.
If you enjoyed KiY and want some more Lovecraftian flavor, I'd highly recommend William Hope Hodgson's works, especially The House on the Borderland and The Night Land. They have that sense of cosmic weirdness to them and you can see how Lovecraft himself was influenced by those stories.
I wouldn't worry too much about it. Hard sci fi actually has a smaller, more niche readership than soft sci fi. Neither is better than the other. They just offer different things. And don't forget that characters and story always come first. SOmeone else mentioned The Martian, which is a good example. It's definitely quite hard from a science perspective and the author clearly did a lot of research. But do you think people loved it because of the rigorous details about the Martian atmosphere, orbital mechanics, interplanetary communication etc.? Sure, that stuff is cool, but the story worked because the protagonist had a unique voice and the premise was very compelling. People wanted to see a regular dude survive extreme, hostile conditions using just his wits and resources. Another example on the other side of the spectrum - Hyperion. My all-time favourite sci-fi book and one of the greatest ever written. There's almost nothing hard about it. It's got wormhole travel, time-travel and a weird Lovecraftian monster that's more like some kind of demi-god. Didn't stop it from being an incredible story - because it focused on its characters and their journeys. SO my advice to you would be not worry so much about the nitty-gritty mechanics of science. Just write the story you want to write.
This is going to go down in flames lol. Multiple players will likely test positive when the season restarts and they'll shut the whole thing down all over again.
wtf what is this music, it's fucking fire
need a name of the tune
Bugsmax the new playstation GOAT
best city worldwide despite everything
I'll be honest - this character sounds rather bland and unoriginal. I feel like she's a hodge podge of a thousand other fantasy characters. She has these crazy OP powers but her only flaw is that, oh no, she feels some guilt! And she's totes a rebel. Sounds like every female YA fantasy protagonist I've ever come across
Wow amazing, two of the blandest, most generic fantasy authors ever in one place. This should be great.
I mostly prefer smaller scale, more human stories with a greater focus on character development. I find that for larger scale stories, the more epic they try to be, the less I actually care about what's happening other than from a detached spectacle point of view. Give me Robin Hobb and Guy Gavriel Kay over Sanderson or Jordan any day of the week
It really makes you *feel* like a teen girl going on a brutal murdering rampage
It's mostly for properties which have, for lack of a better word, "nerdy" fans. Games and superhero movies are big ones. Some people just tend to tie their identity and self-worth with these properties and will defend/criticize them to their dying breath.
Yeah seriously. There's been a lot of positive stuff lately, especially with the protests and people coming together against police brutality, people uniting to fight COVID etc., but there's been just as much, if not more, negative shit that just shows how utterly divided we are as humans. It doesn't even really apply to the game because these characters are *literally* living in a post-apocalyptic world with fungus-infected zombies. Their reality is a lot worse than ours, even with how bad ours is.
To be fair, pretty much everything posted on r/writing is worthy of mockery so in a way our job is a bit too easy.
There's no hard and fast rules for story structure. It really depends on the kind of story you're writing. Genre fiction tends to be more structural while literary fiction is less so. Your story is an absolute gold mine for conflict by the way, with two sisters slowly starting to resent each other. There are entire books worth of things you can write balut something like that. Maybe they are just really different people with different outlooks on life. Throw in a conflict, maybe a familial one, that affects both of them and explore how they tackle it differently. They would have to interact with each other and them being different people would create conflict. You can try and make the main story arc being their interpersonal conflict slowly rising in severity until it's a blowout and the resolution brijg they come to understand each other better or drift apart or learn to compromise or whatever it is. The possibilities are honestly endless.
I absolutely love The Terror - these "supernatural horror in isolation" stories are like catnip to me. Can't get enough.
Lol only people outside of Toronto would call those cities part of Toronto. There's only one Toronto, everything else is the gta.
Man people on this sub ask some of the most ridiculously idiotic questions I've ever heard.
&gt;And getting your hair did I haven't gotten a proper haircut since February. I need this lol
I more or less agree with you. Wheel of Time and Stormlight, for example, are long and bloated as hell, yet the characters have the depth of a paper bag.
The Farseer trilogy by Robin Hobb
Wtf is your dad smoking? His entire critique is just a nonsense stream of consciousness word salad lol. I'd highly suggest that a) you never ask for critique on your first draft and b) never ask your dad for critique again
I don't understand your question. Are you asking if your idea is too controversial or polarizing? Ever heard of the Hunger Games? I don't mean to offend you, but you'd have to be very sheltered to think your idea is edgy or disturbing in some way
Who cares, it's an empty parking lot
Re: everyone writing fantasy, you have to keep in mind the demographics of reddit. It's mostly young white males in their 20s, fairly nerdy and introverted and heavily into speculative genres. Fantasy is also an easy genre to write because you don't really have to abide by a lot of real life restrictions. It's also the one that allows for the most wish fulfillment. Or I may just be being too cynical and maybe they just love the genre lol
Although this isn't my *favourite* Pixar movie, it might just be their best. When you think about it, it's incredibly daring and subversive to have your mega-budget kids' movie climax with a child realizing that everything happy is tinged with a little bit of sadness. The whole movie really is just very mature and wise about emotions, and how even our worst angry impulses, and lowest points of sadness work in conjunction to make us who we are.
You had me at post-apocalyptic, and even more importantly, post-apocalyptic with no zombies. Subbed on Spotify.
Yeah I loved the gameplay, story and world, but the performance issues were really bad. I played it on PC and it was still bad for me. It would literally take like 5 minutes to load the game everytime I died. I got so frustrated that I stopped playing. Never did find a solution to that
Doesn't look as good as Train to Busan tbh. While I'm probably a rare minority that's not tired of zombie movies, I *am* over a bunch of faceless miolitary dudes mowing down zombies with automatic fire. That's why TtB worked so well - they were just regular people out of their depth relying on their wits, determination and bravery.
I don't understand all the complaints about critique threads. Why are people so opposed to negative opinions? Why is it only ok for Sanderson fanboys to list their appreciation threads? Healthy discourse involves multiple perspectives, with some of them being negative. Otherwise it's just a blind wank-off. With that being said, Sanderson is indeed an incredibly mediocre author who deserves all the criticism targeted at him.
Sec9nding Robin Hobb. Imo she's the greatest living fantasy writer
OMG you're a legend
I wanted to play through the first one for one last time before jumping onto part 2 but unfortunately I won't have the time. So instead I'm going to watch a full playthrough by Markiplier and get myself hyped.
None of them come even close to measuring up the true alpha Brandon "StormDaddy" Sanderson.
It's a metaphor. Get it?
Yorgos is one of the most talented and unique filmmakers working today. No one makes movies like his. Dogtooth, The Lobster, Killing of a Sacred Deer, The Favourite - all fantastic
It's the dark souls pg bug being snacks video games
Church's though
Lol Toronto Life is so transparent now, posting these outrage-whoring articles for clicks.
There are lots of unique and unconventional directors that still get movies made with decent budgets. Just look at yorgos lanthimos, the safdie bros and ari aster. Shane Carruth isn't that special in this regard and his two movies aren't even all that great. It's probably more to do with him as a person. Based on what I've seen, he's kind of a prick and hard to work with, and thinks he's above it all.
Came to say horror fantasy as well. It's crazy that more authors haven't tried sticking these two genres together. The possibilities are limitless. You can do so much more with horror, especially if you're setting it in a older secondary world with no advanced technology. I'm actually writing one myself now, just in the beginning stages but we'll see how it goes.
You can't be any kind of writer unless you read an absolute shit-ton.
Yeah no kidding about the violence. I re-read these a few years ago as an adult and jesus christ, they are dark and brutal *as fuck*. Like I feel like they might have to tone some of the violence down so it doesn't become NC-17 lol.
Hyped by who, r/movies? I doubt most people outside of reddit are even aware of this.
How does a game go on a *reading* list?
&gt;all signs point to flop I mean, this should be pretty obvious, right? I highly doubt there's going to be a 2nd part, even.
Still been cheaper to own for me.
Some people don't have a life outside of reddit.
I pretty much only enjoy low stakes fantasy now. I just can't bring myself to care about epic, save-the-world stories anymore. For some reason, I just find myself completely detached from them. But give me a smaller, more intimate story with well-developed characters and great prose and I'll read thousands of pages. Robin Hobb and Guy Gavriel Kay are my two favourite fantasy authors and they're the masters of lower stakes fantasy.
Fucking piece of shit. I know it won't happen because our justice system is soft as hell but this scum needs to be thrown in the darkest prison cell and never see the light of day again.
***Dude be the OG***
A lot of GGK's works are standalone and amazing. The Lions of Al-Rassan might be even better than Tigana. A Song for Arbonne is also fantastic as is The Last Light of the Sun.
It's always hilarious when people here act like Kanter is some hero when he openly supports an anti-semitic, homophobic murderer who used top be friends with Erdogan
What exactly are you basing this on? Can you cite some specific posts and comments that indicate that people are against identity politics?
Wow it's almost like games are a subjective experience that have different reactions from different people! But I'm sure you're literally the only person who has never enjoyed it.
Loving it so far as well.
Because every discussion thread for the game on this sub turns into a shit-talking echo chamber lol
As a Canadian, stuff like this absolutely blows my mind that as a worker you'd to be too worried to even take a sick day.
Kennit from Liveship Traders
You got me, I gotta be more like you and spend literally all my time crying and bitching about Harry Potter fans instead.
Same reason as you, anus idiot like me.
You sound like you're tri-uh I mean upset. Take a deep breath. Relax. It's just a reddit circlejerk thread.
Hilarious how anything resembling criticism for Sanderson is being deleted by mods. Good job guys, way to keep the discourse free and open!
Wow such an insightful, thoughtful critique.
Yup and reddit is very much in that 5%
I guess we'll have to agree to disagree. Which is fine and actually speaks in favor of the game. Art should be divisive and challenge people and being out different reactions
Desi checking in. I loved Unaccustomed Earth. Such a lovely, melancholy read. I've enjoyed pretty much everything lahiri as written - she really has a way of getting to the heart of the immigrant experience of being a South Asian in the west.
Hell yeah let's get it!
Thanks Lebron, very cool. Must be tough standing up against something as brave and controversial as racism.
Highly recommend Jhumpa Lahiri. Her books focus on being an Indian immigrant in the Western world and they're fantastic. Melancholy, beautifully written and emotionally powerful. Start with the short story collection Unaccustomed Earth.
Pretty much anything by HP Lovecraft, since Bloodborne pretty much ripped off its entire story and lore from him. Tons of short stories you can start with - The Shadow Over Innsmouth, The Color Out of Space, The Whisperer in Darkness, The Call of Cthulhu etc.
Why are you so upset, friend?
This year has legit felt like a decade. We've had what feels like 10-20 years worth of headline news and shitty incidents in the span of 6 months.
Working on a horror-thriller at the moment. Takes place in the 70s, MC travels to a remote Alaskan island to investigate the disappearance of his sister. His search leads him to an ancient legend about a lost city that exists between dimensions, as well as a secret society of scholars who've been fighting the dark forces that try to escape from this other world and into ours. MC finds himself roped into this ancient struggle. It's got a lot of Lovecraftian small-town cosmic horror elements.
Bunch of slugs
If done well, I'm a big fan. They really need to be important though, whether it's fleshing out a characters motivation or giving context to a plot point etc
I suspect that most writers and readers obsessed with overpowered characters are video game and anime fans first and foremost. Those mediums have a plethora of characters of ridiculous power levels that act as a self-insert. I would say that most of the people you're seeing talk about overpowered are young guys. They want to bring that vibe to prose works as well.
The Pillars of the Earth by Ken Follett Shogun by James Clavell Wolf Hall by Hilary Mantell Half of a Yellow Sun by Chimamanda Ngozie-Adichi I, Claudius by Robert Graves
I read the first 2 books and it's about what you'd expect from a Sanderson-esque fantasy - mediocre prose, shallow characters, perfunctory dialogue. The magic system is cool though. It's very much an action movie-type story.
Empire trilogy bu Wurts and Feist
2 chick-fil-a's for me.
Woj-ronavirus
Lol this is going to be a complete disaster.
Inb4 the shitstorm of angry gamer children.
Most immigrants vote conservative though.
I saw an entire thread shitting on Cyberpunk lol. And people have been shitting on TLOU2 for weeks now. Gamers are just a whiny, immature crybabies.
