Her foundation match is terrible
This pisses me off so much. That winged liner shit is just a pop culture thing. Women didnt really wear makeup like that in the 50s. It was more subtle.
I'd send this to her if she didnt block me lol
3 dollars lmao 💀
Same. I love leopard print but in like a punky/alternative way
/r/bettafish reccomend a 5 gallon
the gem cutters on this sub are next level. yall are secretly dwarves or something
hes like a water colour painting
i'll take 20
Hes giving me Patrick Bateman vibes
She literally made steamed hams
there are some amazing jewelry creators on etsy, you could get a nice ring for around 150 dollars and not have to support some gross big company.
I sell on etsy so no. Some people do sell some cheap crap from china but 95 percent is creators
I'm Italian and this is a fucking TRAVESTY
I have to go to one in february and I'm already sighing. It's at a fucking hall also....like my cousins need to be so extra. Just do it in your damn house
Oh I've been there :) they had a dragon exhibit when I went lol
profile pics of middle aged dudes on fb be like
Wild turkeys scare me
yes! used to be hardcore believer. now im a pagan who practices witchcraft :)
first gen italian here, i totally understand. catholicism is still intertwined with a lot of italian culture and it sucks. i'm also the black sheep of the family. Black sheeps rise up
please someone YTP this
finally some more audrey snark, we need more in here
this but unironically
every day im glad they ditched that stupid ass black bathing suit she was in. it looked stupid as hell
girl my lips are naturally chromatic, get on my level
perfect &lt;3
As someone who works with animal bones and animal magic this makes me smile
Ew this looks like some weird inbreeding cult
I fucking love coffee. I'm Italian. I grew up on espresso. I'm actually kind of a coffee snob. But you'll never find my obsession with coffee listed on any of my social media accounts. It's just basic and who tf cares?
The short hair thing is so dumb because women in the 1950s mostly had short hair....long hair was not fashionable during that time
Racing stripe :)
Tortellini
Omg what an artsy and gorgeous pic. Name suggestions: aurora, salt, Gregory, bacchus, tortellini,
Eyeshadow and lipstick 😂
I wish ppl would stop giving fish to kids as a "starter animal". Get them fucking plant instead
god fucking dammit, why do ppl gotta make long hair creepy? this makes me feel weird about having very long hair now :/ i just love my hair and i feel elegant with my hair. i take rly good care of it too
thanks &lt;3
Thanks :)
It's a cabomba plant :) I imagine that soft plant probably feels awesome to a fish
nah, i'll wear my spyro onesie around the house. you dont know joy untill you walk around your house in a cute onesie lol
:D
Lmao her shirt says "blonde" but she fucking dyes it blonde. Lmao ok hunny
🍊🤡
I'm Italian and I'm glad these nut cases forget that Italy exists lol. Also they arent allowed to touch my culture just cause we are the same skin colour
I hope it spontaneously combusts or something
I'm so tempted to send them a curse jar and watch them freak out
Why
That kid drives me mad
Topaz
Omfgggg so cute 😭 my red boy is also named Ares. Idk why I look at this sub when I'm at work. I just end up missing my boy
🦐💖🦐
They also dog whistle like hell and suck people in with that "traditional waifu uwu" nonsense
Those shoes ugly af tho. And with polka dot socks 😂
Wtf brio is an italian cola
Are they in Walmart 😂
Paul is such an insufferable cunt.
That drives me batty. Michelle is a heartless wench and doesnt have a loving mothery bone in her body
Honestly if people love their kids and have the means to take care of them then idc how many they have. But Michelle and jim are heartless selfish cunts who harbor sex pest
I highly doubt meech has bonded with every baby. She just has had too many. And it's not like she needed to anyways cause she has her daughters do all the mothering
I wish I could calculate their carbon footprint
definitely I agree, i didn't mean for it to come off that way
ok the only one of these comics that i actually like
someone tried to tell me it was a scam.........a scam for what exactly? to sell more reusable items???? i dont get it
offering absolutely no source on this other than strong women = bad
eugh that sub makes me wanna vomit
They're fucking stupid. Places like mgtow and pussypassdenied can exist...and yet we're the bad guys I guess...smh
I guess those orange streaks on her face is bronzer 💀
She looks like trashy Malibu barbie
Your expression says everything 😂
She maybe fresh to the whole thing. Give her time to see how shit the products are and how much money shes losing. I'm sorry you gotta deal with this nonsense
I feel like shes rubbing everything so hard into her face
Lmaoo basic bitch yellow
And piggish 🐷
Same 😭 so cute. My tank is on my computer desk. So anytime I get up my fish gets excited and thinks its feeding time. Sometimes he gets the zoomies when he sees me which is extra cute
Dear god
Hey man we can insult people without using a slur
These motherfucking bottles
Shrimps rise up 🦐✊
Is that the 1 gallon top fin tank? ....
kristen looks like a moldy lemon
ya its from the video released yesterday
awesome, got a little worried there lol
BITCH this is just my voice. smh
death metal growls only
Systemic racism is a pretty easy phrase to understand lmao. Dumb mayo
Also companies who design fish tanks and fish care items also produce shitty critter carriers and spread misinformation. A lot of the big name brands like, top fin, produce tiny tanks and just perpetuate poor fish care
Bettas are tiny dragons change my mind
I have that same silicone plant lol. My boy likes to sit in the middle of it
They are all in seperate tiny tanks so no. But theyll die from the high ammonia for sure
I follow you on Instagram:)
Ruby woo
Maybe shes afraid of getting hurt again since she went through the whole divorce thing and blames her self??
Bless her heart....
I dont even think she can regulate her pulse
I dont think morgan could handle the emotional, let alone material, needs of a child. It's kind of dangerous
Check out the youtuber theramintrees he goes over a lot of this stuff
Waifu
their coffee tastes like warm piss
I wanna go mandalorian on this bitch
There is a mormon youtuber and her husband is undeniably gay. He bought a James charles palette and did her make up.
you can make prints of this on vista print and sell them
Dont do cactuses dirty like that. They're still way prettier and great
I did my college placement at the habitat for humanity restore. People donate great stuff and that place is tax free
Ellie and jared
yes im a pagan and yes i think nakedness is fine. the naked body isnt shameful
Add samus. Shes way more recognizable that that knight guy and is bad ass af
/r/gank
No dragons are real, how dare you
Maybe the setting spray?
Ok, reddit armchair psychiatrist
Investing in eternity sounds so fucked up
It's kind of what ben Shapiro does. Fast talking so you dont have time to think
:q
Omg he looks like seashells and sunlight
fuck off
How can she be a "true traditional house wife" without kids? 🤔 shes a poser lol
Yall I'm so done with people thinking some eyeliner and a red lip is a "vintage 50s" look
Oh absolutely it's why she wasnt so upfront about the vax question but she will probably not vax her kid
Despacito in 2020 🤔
I'll dunk on her crotch goblin. Idgaf
I feel like my betta is more active when I'm around. I'm positive hes intrigued when Im eating at my desk. He likes to stare at me when I do so
This is so cute. Bettas are adorable. This is why I baby talk my fishie son 😶
Omg he looks like the 4th of july
Tucked in
Shits gonna go nuclear real fast and I cant wait to see the shit show
I know for a fact shed never get help for that child if he turned out to be autistic. Its fucking sad and disgusting.
Girl she needs a towel 😂
This is why I left the faith
Everyone here is next level. I love this. How can I start to work with clay?
I rly like that mascara tbh.
King in the castle, king in the castle! Sorry just had to make that Borat reference lol
Thanks ! :) your pot is so cute
They jump out of the puddles into bigger streams. You arent a marine biologist
Awww. It's so amazing how they all have varying personalities.
He looks like opalite!
I have 1 betta fish. I wish I could get more. But I'm satisfied with the care level. I cant take care of things that require too much attention.
Ya honestly. Go live in 1890..I'll be here living in 2020 being able to connect with people around the globe and enjoying life
Yup dogwhistle
Jinjer needs to fix her hair though
Yea their brush cleaner is much cheaper too. I like to grab a couple of those bottles
She would do that
So many good MUAs I watch on youtube work with their lipshape and dont over line. Over lining only works when you're a drag queen or doing some bold edgy look for a fashion show/concert/cosplay
Some of their tools and lipsticks I like but I wont touch their eyeshadow I get some of their palettes friggin free when I order online and they're all untouched lol
/r/justbootthings Hes a dumb boot too
Plump cutie :)
My fish's name is Ares but his nickname is jelly bean. Also I do baby talk him 😂
My fish is the same way. Sometimes he looks purple or teal depending on how his scales reflect the light
BRO is this part of the new Odyssey ?
interesting thing to note Guy is actually pronounced as Ghee.
they still talk EXACTLY the same way. theyre so immature
/r/comedygenocide
I think I follow this artist on Instagram. I cant remember their name at all. I follow a lot of strange artists
Birthy is the definitive mrs. Struggle
Birthy is literally the one who "suffered" from being single..bitch has a huge victim complex
I wish I could understand why there are so many women who are openly mysoginistic and anti feminist. That shit hurts more to me as a woman than when a man acts this way. We are suppose to lift eachother up
Their research is all religious propaganda
The witch trials as well
Nice gemstones :) I also have a clear quartz in mine too
One of my fave stones. I got a labradorite ring on right now
Damn this sub is boot-ish
Me in the club
I heard that mint actually causes your lips to dry out
not to be that person but goldfish require a 30 gal and 10 gal for each additional goldfish. their bio load is big. The teacher could have got a 5 gallon tank , heater, filter and a betta fish and keep it in the classroom.
i really hope that woman never owns a fish. :( poor fishies
this is honestly why i couldnt be a parent....i cant put my partner second like that.
RIGHT? i collect so much random junk and goodies and i make stuff. HAVING HOBBIES IS FUN... how can you be like this?????
Little blue dragon
*Poisson*
I have the same issue with the slow mo setting too. The phone only allows it at a set distance. Its weird
edgelord elitists on this sub probably
U literally proved my point.
ok. edgelord
this is a mood
ya honestly lmaooooooo im too mentally ill for this shit already
I wanna see your geriatric cat pls
thats a cursed video
still cant get over how he cant handle hearing her say "fart" lmao
the anatomy on the skeleton anubis skin drives me nuts. google a dog skeleton the legs are SO wrong
to be fair, Guan Yu isnt really a god either
I love Xing's design. my headless son
ive had close games like that but ive also had close games because both teams were equally skilled. them 80 minute long matches lmao
years ago when i was a noob, i was playing seige and the enemy team was a full hirez employee team. that was cool af
Loki: "Aww did I hurt your feelings?" Ymir: "yes" lmao or when I'm Xing I like to say "dismissed" when someone dies. LOL Hou Yi when someone dies "Congratulations"
Zeus does this. "yes" "YEESS"
this reminds me of the drag race all stars episode when they did the Jersey Court
wtf does this even mean
i think they have an ointment for that
Mood. Join me. Granny metal group
even in warhammer 40k goblins are little shits lower than orcs
i make art from animal bones all the time. its natural, im all about the beauty in death and using natural items
ha i was thinking the same :) this sounds like the life!!!!
no worries :)
in that second she took a pic, something bad could have happened. that car thing make me have a panic attack lol
thats actually a good point
new rule, never take sex advice from someone who cant even say the word sex
he is never affectionate with her (hugging, hand holding, resting his arms on her shoulders, holding her close) he just sits there while she digs her claws into him
not a hot vampire either, just an old undead corpse with a small head
excellent bot
now make a doctor strange inspired skin for merlin :P
im attacked
I'm down for trading. I live in canada I got animal bones and fur and stuff I can trade
Bruh I'd play death metal so loud. I ain't listening to that shit.
Braincels still exists tho
Wow. I have a cat heart that was gifted to me. I could trade you a coyote paw with the claws attached if u wanted
Awwww that's a nice memento. I have an etsy store where I sell oddities do u mind if I PM it to you? You can message me there
/r/oddlyspecific
shovel
thank goodness for lexapro
these women wouldnt be able to survive half the trials and tribulations I have been through and they have the gall to say I'm wimpy???? Fuck off. their whole book is just how to be a godly freeloader and judge others
that thieves blend is actually much more older than YL. its a popular oil blend
apart from the MLM shit. what bothers me is as a pagan and witch I do use a lot of natural items in my practice and life. but its apparently fucking weird if I do it because im pagan but these fundies can go around talking about "natural shit" and it's all ok and whatever
remember when paul admitted he was mad at morgan cause she didnt get the right coffee?
she fucking CRIED over that book lmao
her step father was the best part of that doc
happy birthday Sister, I can't get over how awesome your aesthetic is
for easy serving. cronch
tbh i was trying to figure out what was wrong with this image for a while lol. i thought they were gumballs
i can understand why you hate it tbh. I use leopard print as a more punk/alternative look so i really love it for that
i enjoy thayers. i have rosacea and eczema on my face and it doesnt affect my skin at all which is great
/r/awwnverts
my nerite snail be like
What? Lol I just wrote whatever word came to my mind :)
yas this sub thread is making me sweat lmao 😩
Why do people feel the need to act like jackasses on the internet for no reason. It isnt even funny
hey man dont drag us witches like that lmao
slow down there james charles
right? i wanna light it on fire
people who have coffee as their personality always like that sugary starbucks crap
lol honestly! im being dragged to a baby shower this weekend. pray for me
imagine having the runs and listening to this clock while your bowels destroy the bowl
oompa loompa filter
i'll be praying for this tbh
youre a FOOL if you dont think people werent fcking out of wedlock for centuries. like goddamn. THOUSANDS of years of human civilzation.....we were all getting tattoos, piercings, painting our faces, boozing, fcking and praising all sorts of gods. shut up lori
YES I WAS GOING TO SAY THIS! everyone forgets that hes a rapist
Holy fuck lmao. "You woman. You cooky cook. Me man. Me worky work.
chad hbomberguy, virgin european trad guy
/r/comedygenocide
same here, owning a betta has improved my mental health. he is the first thing i see in the morning and the last thing i see at night. his little wiggles always make me smile. edit: woops my comment decided to duplicate like crazy
cabomba
so grumpy in the second pic lmao
theyre so swimmy and cute
Bambino
little gold nugget
mormons have tons and tons of connections. they are looney and i really despise them
JENEVA LMAOOO
i have no doubt in my mind now that all the Rods kids have suffered some form of abuse
Jeneric
Yup. So much fat girl hate. But its reddit. I'm not surprised 😑
Tbh. I wish hippie/alternative coffee bars where a thing again where people would discuss anarchy and talk about art and culture. Live bands would play...
I got hella downvoted for my comment lol 🤷‍♀️
Lmao fragile
lil bambino
hes a cutie, hello other betta mom :)
hes banned from entering Canada
because according to this, it causes violence and is evil
this but unironically
Good thing when im stressed out I just cry lol
me three
we need to buy all the domains
yikes the thought of getting married at 19. im 27 and looking back at my 19 year old self makes me cringe. you are so young and havent even become a full adult yet.
the big difference is you two understand the need for passion,compassion,empathy etc for a relationship instead of just focusing on if that person believes in god or not
girl yes, theyre stuff is cute. they did a whole harrypotter thing and had this cute af cape coat. but its sooo expensive
they might as well be T-posing
thats some level 3000 white fragility
i'll counter her prayer with a curse to get her TF off all social media lmao
the sewers
Nice!!!
forgetting to switch accounts?
cotton candy!
thats super cute :) heck yea! i'm extra af also, i like to wear kimono shawls to work cause i love them!
Lol! honestly its taken me a very very long time to feel comfortable with dressing the way I want and my body. I'm here to enjoy my life and my body and enjoy life the way I want to. I have a whole philosophy about being materialistic. I grew up feeling guilty on spending money on myself to look good and such. Why would would it matter if I was going to die and go to heaven when im dead? (im no longer religious lol). But now I realized its ok to enjoy material things we are material creatures after all. There is definitely a limit. Like i'm not saying we should go buy expensive designer goods but like. If you like those blouses? then get em girl! feel good in yourself and the way you express yourself. Enjoy this world and the material items it offers.
we need some support T5 skins. A yemoja one would be lit
Hes insane and idk why anyone pays attention to him. Doesnt even make good content. People like this need to be banned from social media
awwwwww. build a bear has also been making good quality pokemon plushies too. i have the snorlax. he helps keep my arm leveled for my tendinitis
we live in a pro-natalist society. no one is shaming moms on any level. these people are just inescure
according to her it is less selfish to produce offspring and further *your* own genes instead of helping others in need? ok
kind of like therapists who are toxic
sometimes my boy doesnt notice where they are and i gotta point to them lol
don't feel bad, fish care is soooo misunderstood and misrepresented. i started off with a 1 gallon tank . i did research then 3 days later returned it and upgraded my tank. Walmart has a 5 gallon tank for 40 bucks. it comes with a filter and you can grab a heater from your local pet store
i found this [https://www.walmart.com/ip/Aqua-Culture-5-Gallon-Fish-Tank-LED-Aquarium-Starter-Kit/20693704](https://www.walmart.com/ip/Aqua-Culture-5-Gallon-Fish-Tank-LED-Aquarium-Starter-Kit/20693704) &amp;#x200B; &amp;#x200B; walmart can also ship to your house
mmmm algae crust
Arisu is a lit korean BBQ and sushi place. China town is great for food.
Also it has the word "fem" in it which I think upsets a lot of these shitlords. They equate it with a "female only" exclusive movement and afraid of that
not to be dramatic, but i would die for Burton
i hope she gets scammed by those people who pretend to be from the IRS
yes :D Kitboga
my parents were too poor to afford a dish washer. im a pro at washing dishes now. i never thought it was super uncommon for people to not have diswashers
Reading her posts is exhausting
theyre insecure about their sex life and sex experience. people who have good sex dont get all preachy online
i wonder if it causes major butt sweat
LITTLE WATER DRAGON
Madonna did nothing to deserve this
this makes me feel itchy
same, i probably have about the same. i sort my brushes by powder brushes, contouring and blending
girl needs a dermatologist not some pyramid skin gunk :(
he looks so ethereal !
"this is a serious matter" \*spam laughs\*
lmao grow up
had chronic migraines for a bit, docs gave me all sorts of meds. turns out my neck and shoulders were really strained from stress. my god i was in a lot of pain. I have IBS but i still have a very strange pain on the left side of my abdomen. I can't sleep on that side for too long. Literally have no idea what it is. Did blood tests, ultrasounds and even an x-ray
thanks for the info! i'll look into that in the future
there is a reason why i use Lilith's sigil
i literally just scrolled by a post complaining about sunsetting lol
this is something dear to me because i am a fish enthusiast and fish are often seen as emotionless beings that dont feel pain. But they can remember people, count and some even use tools [https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ut6B5PVJ3hE](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ut6B5PVJ3hE)
So cute :)
this is kinda relevant but i like it when my chocolate bars are slightly melty and soft
her having a child is gonna be a trainwreck
what the fuck seriously? racists should be threatened out of communities, they do nothing but threaten the livelihood of others. they made a choice to be racist. THIS IS SO STUPID. fuck racists, i wont be nice or accepting to any of them!!!!!!
same. sometimes even doing things for my fish helps me a little with my episodes
god i wanna sample **"I yield my time. FUCK YOU!"** and use it at the beginning of a super aggressive thrash metal song.
what the hell? can someone explain this to me
there is a band called Neckbeard Deathcamp but theyre like black metal and they mock alt-right chuds. It's pretty rad but not for everyone. I wish i could write music lmao.
Universal income would help so many people!!!!
I am already better than them because I dont believe and spew the same trash they do
forbidden condiments
rat bag is the best
hell yea, hard to find sometimes. lots of nazi black metal chuds out there. There is a FB group called Is It Fash: The Musical and they weed out if bands are fash or not. super helpful
im pretty glad armor is gender neutral looking. its refreshing. too many games are like " oh we have a GIRL? better make their boobs seeable so we know its a girl"
hackers is seriously my favourite garbage movie. its so bad its fun to watch
i wish, the only reason why i keep FB is for groups like that and i like fb messenger
BUNNY ASMR
bunnies chew like machines, dogs chewing sounds like theyre eating for the first time lol
YES i love MHW but daaaamn some of the armor lmaoooo.
L I C K
same here! a lot of times i dont even know the difference between male and female guardians unless they get hurt and i hear their voice (hunters are a little more obvious cause their armor is more sleek which is fine). It's seriously awesome
aw no, i just have my regular instagram, sometimes i post my boy on there. i commented on one of your pics im dark moon desires
the way her ass moves doesnt even make sense
/r/transmatfiring energy
i would look into getting it restored
wow thats awesome
Because Christian's absolutely eat up being pandered to
britta filter looking thing
damn that betta is so pale :(
very editorial sweatshirt
She looks like she yells at customer service employees
God its wild to me that people live with all these rules. I do whatever the fuck cause I want to and it makes me happy. I wear cute night gowns if I want. Like who tf cares I'm a grown ass woman.
...what
wardrobe change
i think she looks tough and cool, so much more refreshing than "here is cute girl version of same male character"
this looks like toilet water
gentle british voice 😌
/r/destinymemes
I'll do raids with you :)
his ventral fins look like little hands from this angle lol
id be pissed! it's not cheap to do your nails, and if my nail tech wasnt able to achieve this, she'd let me know. it looks awful and i hope OP did pay too much.
what is this pose?
that arowana looks done
where are people getting this idea that critter keepers are fish tanks?!?
ugh my heart is broken
cause Spez is a chud
omg pink chiffon looking baby 🥺
you can get some very nice silk plants from amazon i can link some if youd like :)
HELLO TINY BABIES 🥺
hes so cute and peachy pink!
big ass cakes like this are such a waste. fuck fondant and then u gotta put bars in it to support it? smh
god does this woman ever shut up?!
yea wtf this is scary af to me, these fuckers can get away with making people deaf?!
That makes me seethe
i am welling up with tears! this is so cute and sweet. i want to believe that animals understand certain things at a core level. Doesn't matter how small an animal is, showing this level of care and commitment is so amazing
beluga whale + betta combo
why tf do randos think they can just perform experiments like this !?!?! you arent a scientist in a controlled environment. there is no reason for this.
ppl think she looks fat???? WTF. i dont understand men and what they consider fat women
the original post was so stupid, everyone just talking about how theyd jerk off to this. how is that relevant star wars content?
yea her body looks more real/natural, i do like the purple look of the old one tho
bungie has a very diverse cast of voice actors, 3 of their main ones (lord shaxx, zavala and ikora rey ) are voiced by black voice actors. anyone who disagrees with bungie doing this or has an issue with it is a fucking massive idiot jerk
Brother vance yea but osiris is voiced by an Israeli actor. Brother vance is an annoying bitch anyways lmao
i get that there are good christians out there that are kind and forgiving but i cant help but feel weird because they pull their faith from the same bible that extremists christians do. how to excuse the rape, murder, subjugation etc in that book and espouse love and kindness? Idk for me i could never feel comfortable believing in something that tells me im a sinner from the start cause we sought to seek knowledge. The christian god is evil, he wanted to keep us dumb and afraid and killed everyone (noah flood) to cover his mistakes.
omg nurie is skeletal
what the fuck.
my aunts funeral wake had more food than this and looked 100 x better
shrek colours
one of her daughters has her bed on the floor??????? and like barely anything in her room and ive always found it so fucked up. that kid looks SAD
morfefee wishes
fuck god then
imagine wearing a suit and tie to a place like this.....it looks like a kids restaurant
make a horrible comparison like that, thanks
people dont realize that body builders have bulk to their stomachs, its completely normal. also jason is fine as HELL
killing enemies and banking motes is way more fun that throwing balls at the sky. especially since you had to keep walking back and forth from each zone to protect it from annoying ass cabal bosses. and not everyone knew what to do, but this is way more simple and fun, since you focus more on the killing
wow shes a beauty
Heck yea :) if u want someone to help I play on steam. My name is Xiphias
pics of winston in his nice tank pls
fish dont live in small contained areas of water in the wild, they need water flow, good bacteria, oxygen, heating for tropical fish.
working at home, my betta makes everything better :) he's right beside me on my desk. I love watching him be a derp. Sometimes i see his little head poke out of hiding spaces.
/r/solarpunk
just cause shes an absolute failure of a human being, doesn't mean women cant have it all. Get real afterbirthy
Ah those colours 🥺 I love him
hahah loud black guy funeee he has purple light saber 😂 😂 😂 😂 😂
the prequels are hot flaming trash
omg look at this cookies n cream looking cutie pie
destiny memes in my /r/hmmm \*INDEED\*
/r/transmatfiring
i actually have a shungite pyramid cause i like volcanic rocks
man honestly, stop fucking playing if u dont like it. &amp;#x200B; i am enjoying the hell out of this season and im super excited for the expansions
i hate how much summer and heat is seen as ideal? i hate it. i cant stand being sweaty, going outside is hard because it is very hot. I straight up get headaches from the sun. I just like cool comfortable weather. Summer in a city is crap
These people are fucking narcissists
They're not allowed to have a personality because anything worldly is sinful
BLUE FROST CUTIE
walmart,[amazon](https://www.amazon.ca/Weiman-Brass-Copper-Polish-Cleaner/dp/B003A5AURU/ref=sxts_sxwds-bia-wc-p13n1_0?crid=37VY7PJ9ESGKI&amp;cv_ct_cx=brass+polish&amp;dchild=1&amp;keywords=brass+polish&amp;pd_rd_i=B003A5AURU&amp;pd_rd_r=7ae857e0-b7f3-4215-87aa-0dac6df6e7c0&amp;pd_rd_w=aROQL&amp;pd_rd_wg=tZUXo&amp;pf_rd_p=5dc9bb73-73b1-4abd-a228-ac5c707beb7e&amp;pf_rd_r=XDPE3F97R16DN2Z2KAP6&amp;psc=1&amp;qid=1591981402&amp;sprefix=brass+po%2Caps%2C163&amp;sr=1-1-70f7c15d-07d8-466a-b325-4be35d7258cc) :)
thats so cute and unique, little ice spirit
Tank size: 5 gallon • Heater and filter? (yes/no): yes both • Tank temperature: 79*F • [Parameters in numbers and how you got them](https://www.reddit.com/r/bettafish/wiki/tank#wiki_test_kits): I use API test kit. 0,0,0 and pH at 7.8 • How often are water changes? How much do you take out per change? What is your process?: 60% once a week • Any tankmates? If so, please list with how many of each: yes nerite snail • What do you feed and how much: pellets 3 in morning and 3 in afternoon (northfin). Brine shrimp, bloodworms and daphnia as well • Decorations and plants in the tank: all silk and silicone plants. Mug and vase in tank are ceramic and very smooth • If you haven't already posted a picture, please post pics/vids to imgur and paste the link here:
I answered the questions! Thank you for your response
right? :( it's so stressful, i've been making tea with IAL as well. ok thanks for the advice, i'll make sure to do smaller water changes within the week. Maybe i crashed the cycle from doing such large changes?
Thanks for responding. I'll do a change for him after I'm done with work
I'm so fucking sick of this idea that anger is wrong and sinful!!!
Nah. I'd like some peace and quiet. Also mental illness runs in my family and I'd hate to force another being in this world and have them suffer for my own selfish interests
What's wrong with hating kids?
also me in the crucible...
im sorry but shit like this should be illegal
category is : fast food fashion
the weird fucking thing is how she could have seen her self kinda cheating???? like do these people not trust themselves enough that they need to avoid attractive people? its so fucking insane
I'm pretty sure Lori is a hive god from Destiny....filled with worms and anger
why do people need christian versions of having sex? "Awesome sex, god's design" WHAT DOES THIS MEAN?
God she is unattractive. She espouses biblical woman hood but does not have much that's "feminine" about her. She dresses like a tom boy. Not that that's an issue but it's ironic given her angle
People like this is why climate change is an issue
someone fucking animated this.........
big mood
😧 😧 😧 😧 😧 i cant deal with this. poor baby
How dare u remind me of this
god all of them look scary af. this is one creepy looking family. poor kids look so malnourished. who is standing next to nurie with the dark purple dress? SHE LOOKS ILL!!!!!!
i still can't get over the absolute waste the duggars create.
my bf is on the spectrum and he has a hard time verbalizing emotions also. This is really cute and we have special ways we non verbally communicate affection too.
fuck it, idc if its mean, she looks dumb as hell. she judges the fuck out of other women. she's some basic ass white bitch
you write out your monthly expenses with a quill
god i wish i wasnt allergic to cats
i will absolutely still pet cats even though im allergic lmao. I must do it
bungalo literally hiltner 😡 😡 😡
kinda fucking hard to ignore when your front page is constantly filled with "sunsetting bad" and "bungo bad" nonesense
this sent me
exactly. most online games i play have issues with servers and hackers. Vermintide 2 needs some optimization badly, Smite servers got so bad i just stopped playing entirely. It doesn't help that everyone and their mother is playing now because quarantine. No game is perfect. But bungie tries their best and they are human beings with families and devs get treated and paid like shit. ontop of that they deal with entitled gamers who cant stand being mildly inconvenienced. I havent had a problem with hackers and i notice servers are generally the worst on Friday afternoon but thats like most games rn tbh
she also looks very dry
i cant stand people who haul ass in strikes. i will wait for my team mates. this is a team battle. when ppl haul ass then they end up dying all over the map and we reset
OMFG cross post this to /r/muacirclejerk
/r/fragilewhiteredditor
how is it racist? "white people" are not oppressed based on their skin colour. this is satire. fucking snowflake. also "white people" arent just 1 giant ethnicity.
dude white people werent shamed and made fun of by other people doing "white face" . Im white and this doesnt make me feel demeaned in any way. This is just satire on the whole fetishization of "le aryan-white blonde blue eyed cutie"
doesnt matter, this isnt racist at all. its satire of the whole "ideal" white aryan woman thing
not all white people are the same. Italians werent even considered white when they first entered the USA [https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Anti-Italianism](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Anti-Italianism) Dont tell me that because I am Italian. My people were not seen as "white" what is considered "white" always changes. "whiteness" is a farce that other while people hold against eachother to pass their "whiteness" shit test based on their own prejudices of what they think "whiteness" is and should be. Vikings were a group of Scandinavians and they lasted for about 300 years. They were not my ancestors. I am a first generation Canadian. All my ancestors are in Italy. Not all Europeans are the same. Even Greek people who are "white" in skin colour aren't even considered "White". The Mediterranean seems to be a zone where white supremacists don't touch. I grew up in Canada learning about the Underground railroad. That is intergral to the history of Canada. I also learned about the black neighbourhood in Nova Scotia [https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Black\_Nova\_Scotians#:\~:text=The%20two%20other%20significant%20Black,with%20a%20majority%20white%20population.](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Black_Nova_Scotians#:~:text=The%20two%20other%20significant%20Black,with%20a%20majority%20white%20population.) These are far more recent issues that were a direct result of slavery
Nah. Its not rooted in oppression. It's not racist
Omg where did u get that cute fake shell?
Shouldnt it be mould and not mold?!
She looks like a smug bitch
Ppl complaining about grinding have never played runescape and it shows
tactical crop top
youtube is a disgusting platform full of content farms, white supremacists, incels etc. goddess, we need a damn alternative to youtube.
my steam friend code is 88685659
this isnt the sub for this
im here for the Cattle Decap meme. god they were great to see live
ugh fake sheepskin gets so nasty so quick, its gonna look bad
they should be forced to put their wealth back into the economy and help financially support the rest of us struggling due to the pandemic
couldnt agree more
it takes so much time and effort. look into mindifulness practices. these can help you ground you a lot. I used to be way worse about day dreaming as a kid. Things have significantly improved. I feel like MaDD never truly goes away just like any mental illness and comorbidity. its just learning how to manage it that matters. We all have good and bad days.
But why do u feel so entitled to having your nsfw art on a regular sub. If I posted one about Achilles it would get reported and removed
Simp nerds feel entitled to having their sexual preferences forced in everyone's face.
SAME! The Gnawing Hunger is a great weapon
i think its so cute, they basically have a long hug and then eggs pop out of the female lol
they need to stop projecting their cuckold fetish on random people
u dont want /Palpatine voice / U N L I M I T E D B A B I E S ?
These bitches are only The Hobbit/LOTR fans because its trendy. Bethany said she left the room When DAEAeV was watching LOTR cause it was "too scary". They have no personality and just absorb trends "safe" enough for them
kinda fucking shit that these idiots make money off of nothing and im working a job and i have my shop on the side that i havent made a sale off of in months ...
its so cute, little love hug
oh man, it was on an IG post she made. I tried searching for it but i cant find it, it was a while ago
not to mention, isnt the whole wizards and magic thing kinda taboo for them? What about Galadriel who is a powerful elf who is a woman?
i wish they would get rid of that dang coconut bra
also the dinosaur isnt wearing a party hat. absolutely ruined
girl literally tells other people their bad cause they dont follow her own life script
Oh he wigglin
THAT WOULD BE AWESOME. 3D PROJECTIONS PLS
there are some FANTASTIC jewelry creators on etsy and they are far far cheaper too. I'd rather get a ring from a small shop than Peoples and places like that. their jewelry is tacky too imo
I took a nap this afternoon and I ended up with 2 mosquito bites on both of my eye lids...
these fuckers literally felt so ENTITLED to her making actual porn that they doxxed her and her social media accounts were mass reported and removed. Like holy fuck dude. Think about this. Making porn isnt for everyone and it can definitely ruin your life/future career. Having sex with strangers isnt the same as taking ass and boob shots. It's just so annoying to me how these types of "fans" will lose their minds because they feel \*entitled\* to someone else's body just because theyre cute
Also it was made during a time where 3D was gaining a lot of popularity and the general public wasnt as interested in 2D
I dont get the whole aeghao face thing but I can see why thirsty sexually frustrated boys latch onto that shit
god what an insufferable bitch
poor dude was suffering from mental illness
check out /r/fundiesnark
people who treat animals as status symbols can fuck off
my bf is on the spectrum. hes a normal dude just a mega nerd and talks your ear off. But i love that about him. im much more of a listener. I have my own quirks from having anxiety and depression lol. everyone is strange in some way
same
l a u g h
fuck his stupid faux "senstive" "im poor and relatable" fake charade. hes as fake and petty as the rest of them. I never bought that shit from the start
this is peak 2001 douchebag aesthetic
I might be biased but I think red bettas are the best
Have you seen those angry cheeks? Bullying 😂
i like the dreambane bond. the wings look cool af. i dont know why u cant change the colour of the wings tho...
i have asthma. id rather wear a mask than end up on a ventilator.
there are acne body washes you can try
also moisturize! use brands like cetaphil or cerave. they do not clog pores
Dying to yourself is the most toxic mindset. Been there
God that's just fucking wild to me
I love the pressure of massages
those paws
forbidden green jello
god i hate this logic, its like GD saying feeling isnt necessary for marriage. what the fuck? this goes against everything about being a human being. our feelings are important and necessary to thrive
they need to keep convincing themselves that its worth it and the "truth"
do people unironically think the prequels are good?
Yea the lack of black shaders has my goth heart sad
isn't this from jackass?
this makes me want to go back in time and destroy the 90s
ok im a new players so i never knew this. thank you
Holy fucking shit....
My flair is relevant
