Haven't you ever wondered what it's like to be hated by pretty much everyone?
Different type of hate. We've been sculpted by hate our entire lives. Hated when we are bad or good, no matter the sport, no matter how we act. Philadelphia fans are hated so much that we have learned to embrace it and wear it as a badge of honor. We are hated by fans of teams that we don't have any ill will towards (looking at you Steelers fans.) It is one thing to be hated because of success. It is another to have others despise you as a person, simply because you support the teams you were born into. Embrace the hate. Join us.
Highly awarded agencies struggle with retention the same as everyone else. Clients move around, winning agencies offer better salaries to staff the accounts, people jump ship for the raise/promotion. It goes on, even between the top agencies.
Journalism isn't just information. Do you think NYT and WaPo just magically have these stories pop into their head and put pen to paper? These organizations employ journalists all over the world that break and investigate stories and leads, many of which don't lead to anything. You aren't paying for the information to be delivered for you, you are paying for the information to be discovered. Free news sites like the Hill cannot exist without organizations like the Post and the Times.
Fantasy football was already massive in 2008. Pretty much everyone I knew that followed football played.
He was never in the "rushing" greats conversation because he mostly caught screens, but he was one of the best. Definitely a legend in Philly and you see his Jersey all over the place still.
&gt; I'd never even heard of a tomato pie Don't wanna assume, but are you not from Philly?
Cheeky
Fair enough, visit Philly and get some tomato pie, you're missin out.
They're a private institution, they can serve whoever they want. The point is that they aren't ripping off their students.
This is the kinda shit I love about Union Square. Pretty interesting place IMO.
He was by age 12 or so, so he's definitely been around for a long-ass time.
Happened to us for years under Kelly, which I'm guessing is the root of it.
Why not take the delay of game...?
This is the problem with every conversation about Brady. People act as though team stats are the end all be all of the conversation when Brady has always had a very good team. He's obviously one of the best players of all time, but to completely dismiss any argument that others may have a claim is just ignorant and annoying.
But RBs have a finite # of years. Every year you stay in college you lose millions of dollars over your lifetime.
Yeah, most of them are taking classes year round too. I know at Penn State a very high % of the players graduate in 3 years, which is insanely impressive.
True that game was nuts, I'd just love to have later in the season games with you guys that mean more.
I think the difference is that if you take MJ out of that bulls team and replace him with the 15th best SG in the NBA, they are a 5 or 6 seed. If you replace Brady with the 15th best QB in the NFL, the pats still have a few rings. That's not to say that Brady isn't an all time great, but I think the difference between him and the pack isn't near the level it was with Jordan. I think Brees could have won just as many rings as Brady did with the Pats.
As a PSU fan, so happy to have that family as a legacy. They've all been beasts for us.
Yeah, those guys are also there during the summer taking classes as well and some enroll early so I can see how they do it, but the level of dedication is extreme. Anyone that thinks they aren't taking a normal course-load is off base to say the least.
But what is your evidence otherwise? Matt Cassel went 10-5 there in 2008 and wasn't a top 15 QB. Maybe if you wanted to say any other top 8 QB it would be more accurate, but you can't simply ignore how good the team around them and the coaching is. I have seen nothing from Brady and Brees individually to make me think that Brees couldn't have won those SBs.
I hear the D very obviously on both tapes too and Trump is literally my least favorite person on the planet. Maybe it's an accent thing and the inflection hides it to some people, but I grew up in Philly and live in NYC and it's fairly obviously to me that he it's "I'd".
Cassel was a decent QB, but he wasn't great. I've seen Brees do the things that Brady did in the Superbowl throughout his entire career. Hell, I saw Michael Vick do it multiple times for the Eagles. Again, Brady is obviously one of the best of all times, and could be better than Brees. But I think people that outright dismiss the idea that Brees could have won those SBs on that team must not have watched a lot of Brees' career.
&gt; Bear down Don't you mean [fat dog?](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7qzCAC2YYqE)
Obviously people can be in weird situations. Megatron won zero playoff games, but doesn't mean he wasn't one of the best ever. BB grew. I still think Brady is one of the best ever, but saying he had the same level of importance to his team as Jordan shows a lack of knowledge of at least one of the 2 sports.
Lol @ people downvoting you. Hand was a terrible OL coach at PSU and Auburn.
Lol if you think Barkley's rushing numbers were anything but extremely hindered by the OL.
Is your brother *Danger* Powers?
Pry was big and Franklin needs to learn to manage games better, but he has improved a little since he came on so I have hope.
I think for PSU people it sort of goes along with the reason people were upset with the media coverage at the time. The focus in a terrible story of children being terribly abused and raped is the one guy that will make them the most money to talk about, despite him not really being too central of a figure in the actual events. Even if Paterno was involved in the cover-up, he was the lowest on the totem pole of those people, which included the university president and the man who oversaw the police department with jurisdiction. Outside of that, there are actual victims here and this whole thing someone seems like a money grab taking advantage of their situation by making the whole thing revolve around a celebrity.
[They listened!!!](https://imgur.com/a/jP645)
Yeah but the rest our team is definitely better than the rest of yours was at the time and our academy is finally starting to produce some talent, so this is def good.
I don't think people see him as an idiot, but his in-game management has been by far his biggest weakness and we've lost just lost our best recruiting coach to Bama. We want PSU to become a national power again and we're not quite there yet.
But the point of advertising is to make money, not be creative. If you test and the metrics show that something else will make more money, you do that. You aren't running an art gallery, you're selling products and services.
Really? This is super bizarre to me haha. Penn State turns into a tribal war zone during playoffs.
...So the AFC team would use your locker room? Either way, you are clearing out your lockers if you aren't playing in the super bowl.
If they don't get it then the Pats get the ball on the Jag's 40, now they have to start 45 yards further back.
Yeah I don't understand why people are making this argument lol.
Hey, still worked.
Mack Hollins, he's a rookie and is not too bad.
Yep...
Pederson took not getting Coach of the Year very personally
https://imgur.com/a/AZBe6
Those people run football operations, but teams are companies that have lots of other stuff that needs to be taken care of. Rent, paying all employees, hiring staff, etc.
Yep
Why would you want that even? Rather have the advantage of the cold weather in the post season.
Dude you have no idea how many times I've had literally that exact same thought.
Literally the Brady of hockey.
You serious bro? hahaha
That is fucking amazing.
happy HAPPY happpy HAPPY
Oh you haven't heard? We all knew the entire time, that's just how it works.
Not to defend the behavior, but if you did this you would definitely get some love from the Philly fans. People take it way too far, but those that embrace the hostility rather than taking it personally are usually welcomed.
Dude every city has that, it just doesn't make the national news, probably a blip on the local 6 oclock. I found these Skins incidents on Google in 2 minutes and they're only from the last 5 years: https://sports.yahoo.com/redskins-fan-knocks-eagles-fan-172420406.html http://dfw.cbslocal.com/2015/12/08/cowboys-fan-attacked-after-redskins-loss-2-arrested/ https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=x5_gJNLkWW8&amp;has_verified=1 http://www.rightthisminute.com/video/redskins-fans-fight-each-other
And your fans threw beer onto the field and hit Tom Brady with one during a game a couple years ago. There's also a ton of fights and arrests every time you guys play the Packers. Every fanbase has shitheads.
But it doesn't happen in Philly more often, it's just reported nationally more often because it will get views/clicks. A Redskins fan made the same argument you are making earlier and in 2 minutes I found a ton of videos and news stories about their fans attacking people, throwing stuff, getting arrested, fighting each other, etc. I'm sure it wouldn't be difficult to do the exact same thing with Boston either.
https://www.tripadvisor.com/ShowUserReviews-g60898-d108699-r508568124-Georgia_Dome-Atlanta_Georgia.html
My point is that it is confirmation bias. Shit like that doesn't make national news anywhere but when Philly does it.
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Availability_heuristic
Yeah, the SF bay area fans have way more serious violent incidents than Philly, but it's not as fun to talk about.
Idk their fans acting like a bunch of salty baby back bitches after the game has really soured them for me.
Not even the best place on the block. Ishkabibbles &gt; Jim's.
People have been saying Bird Gang for a quite a while. A quick google search brings up urban dictionary entries from 5 years ago.
It was super easy when I was there.
2010, just climbed in.
Do you think the American flag and the national anthem represent the military more they it represent civilians?
Do you think the American flag and the national anthem represent the military more they it represent civilians?
You have a very sad and closed-minded view of the world.
Please mods
Real talk not a bad idea.
Literally everyone I know in NYC smokes weed once in a while at the very least.
The giveaway for the game included batteries, it wasn't like people brought them with them lol
Out of pure curiosity, does experiencing this at your own school give you any different perspective on the PSU scandal? For example, do you believe that &gt;&gt; He seemingly had no knowledge of what was going on other than some sort of Title IX investigation was ensuing that he couldn't interfere with or run a parallel investigation legally. also apply to Paterno? To be clear, this isn't a defense of PSU or criticism of MSU. I just wanted to get some perspective from another school going through a similar situation.
Silas Redd was one of the best RBs in the country his sophomore year so I'm not really sure he fits the question. His circumstances were a bit different than most and he still had over 1000 all-purpose yards his junior year at USC. Fun fact is that he actually plays professional rugby in Australia now!
&gt; Paterno had direct accounts given to him of a coach sexual assaulting young boys on campus and didn't report it to the police or stop it from happening. Paterno reported it to the Athletic Director and the VP of the university who oversaw the Police department that had jurisdiction. Sandusky was also no longer a university employee, so how could Paterno "stop it from happening?" Would that not fall under: &gt;he couldn't interfere with or run a parallel investigation legally. Again, this isn't to defend Paterno, but that one line stood out to me about interfering or running his own investigation. What specifically do you think he should have done differently? This is mostly me being interested in seeing how another university reacts to a terrible event that happened there. If figured it would happen eventually and always wondered how it would be treated.
No he didn't. Sandusky wasn't even a University employee when the events in question happened. They were during his charity camp after he retired from coaching. I never realized how much misinformation is out there about our scandal.
I guess my point isn't about who knew what. It was more around the idea that the person shouldn't be interfering in the investigation or conducting one of their own. Paterno knew what was reported in the incident, but beyond that, he wasn't part of the ongoing investigation.
It's unfortunate, but people really do need to understand that it can happen ANYWHERE and is not a reflection of the people who make up the university or their greater culture. People like Nassar and Sandusky are predators that are master of manipulating and tricking 100s of people. Most casual PSU and MSU fans had no idea who those 2 people even were. To prevent this from happening again we need to make sure schools have much better procedures and checks and balances and that everyone knows exactly what to do. I'm sure MSU's community will heal and start to realize that this is now an opportunity to help survivors of abuse.
He reported it to his boss and to the man that oversaw the police department. That's literally exactly what he did.
The difference I guess is that Klages didn't report anything to Hollis, whereas Paterno reported the incidents to the AD at PSU. He also reported the incident to the VP of the university that oversaw the police department.
Yeah, they had a somewhat loaded backfield at USC and he still looked pretty good. He had a bad senior year which killed his draft stock. I'm salty he left, but a lot of people want to believe it was his downfall when it really wasn't.
This was exactly my motivation for posting.
Paterno and Sandusky were never friends, it was pretty well known in their circle that they never got along outside of work. EDIT: Why is a statement of fact being downvoted?
Dude it's become apparent in this thread that people don't actually give a shit about looking at these situations and preventing victims from getting hurt. They saw our scandal as an opportunity to tear down a school they didn't like. They aren't even reading what I've wrote, and just want to feel superior, like their school could never having anything like PSU. Then when it does, it's not the same.
Paterno was told directly and reported it the the AD and the VP of the university that oversaw the police department. At what point does it transition to him not interfering or conducting an investigation of his own?
It has to do with children being raped, which happened in both circumstances. Mentioning the similarities and differences and creating a dialogue about the larger problem can help look at why it was allowed to continue and how we can prevent it in the future. So I really was draw attention to rape survivors, but thanks for trying to make this about tribalistic sports nonsense.
I mean, we'll never know why, but this was well documented going back that the two were work colleagues that understood they were successful together at work but didn't like each other. This was before any of the alleged incidents. When Sandusky retired he also threw shade at Paterno in his sport illustrated interview.
So he was invested in a company that was run by someone that was one the board of the second mind, and was also a PSU trustee. Is that supposed to be evidence that Paterno and Sandusky were friends?
Well, Sandusky wasn't a coach at the time, nor was he even a university employee. But, my point is that for all we know it could be 100 that haven't come out yet. If you're old enough to remember the catholic church's scandal it was 1 priest, then 2, then 4, then 10, then 100. Child predators tend to get themselves into trusted positions and are master manipulators. Priests who were trusted absolutely with children were godly men, Sandusky who ranba charity for disadvantaged kids, and Nassar who was a trusted doctor for child athletes that have been told their entire lives they need to make immense sacrifices to get to the next level. It can happen anywhere. Understanding how EXACTLY to deal with any suspicion or rumor or evidence or report is necessary to stop these predators from being successful.
Because an open dialogue about abuse and administrative failure to prevent it is necessary to prevent children from being raped in the future. The PSU scandal is an extreme similar and relevant recent example of mass child sexual abuse involving an athletic department at a major university. Looking at similarities and differences between the cases and understanding what each person could have done differently in both situations can help us create a framework for preventing abuse in the future. Make sense? Spreading false information in these discussions, such as the idea that Paterno and Sandusky were friends, can derail actual constructive conversation. It may be easier for some people to assume Paterno helped Sandusky because they were friends. It may settle some cognitive dissonance, rather than address the fact that Paterno and Sandusky did not like each other, yet somehow Paterno knew and Sandusky was able to keep raping children. Why was that the case? It wasn't because they were friends, so let's move onto the next idea so we can find maybe an actual reason that is preventable in the future.
My point is that saying "Paterno and Sandusky were never friends" is not defending him. It's stating a fact. I'm fed up with the idea that any time anyone states a true fact that is contradictory to the mass understanding of the situation, they are "defending Paterno". This is the perfect example of why many people at penn state have adapted an "us against the world" mentality since the scandal. We're called rape apologists for wanting the matter of fact truth, which unfortunately isn't black and white. It's hard and hurtful. Spreading false information does not get us any closer to understanding why these things were allowed to happen and is simply dangerous.
&gt; There are allegations of at least 20 of those incidents happening while he was employed. Source? Because again, this false information.
It's sad that this is the case. It's why I'm not a big fan of the Paterno movie coming out. I'm not against the idea of looking at his involvement, but his celebrity made media companies' eyes turn to dollar signs and shifted the diualoue away from actually helping victims of abuse.
As I've said multiple times in this thread, to create a dialogue about what specifically needs to be done in these situations. We can focus on calling Paterno a bad person, a rape enabler, whatever you want. But that gets us no closer to preventing the next Sandusky or Nassar. I asked the person what specifically Paterno should have done and they said take it to the police and their boss. He did both of those things. So following the socratic method, what specifically should he have done differently? It's an important question because it's not about him being guilty or innocent, it's saying "what specifically can a person in paterno's shoes in the future do to prevent children from being raped?" I'm trying to create that dialogue that wasn't prevalent during the PSU scandal. All everyone wanted to do was point fingers and imagine it could never happen to the school they love. And now it has happened again. Maybe this can be a learning moment to address the similarities and differences in the cases and make people aware of how they can and should act if they ever find themselves in a situation similar to this.
Because it's easier for people to believe that Paterno was helping out an old friend than it is to jump into the messier details of how mass child rape could happen.
The OG is obviously the best, but the one in Williamsburg is pretty dope too, just had it for the first time.
Best pizza in the world. Joe's is actually pretty close though, worth checking it out.
Kendrick has had more #1 albums and his most recent album sold 3x what Bruno Mars' most recent album sold. Maybe he's less popular in your demographic, but it's just ignorant to say Bruno Mars is more popular. Using touring as context for popularity, Bruno Mars brought in $1,898,099 for his show on the 24k tour at Barclays in Brooklyn, while Kendrick brought in $3,074,047 for his DAMN show at the same venue.
But paying Smith 23.5....
You think all of those people the US were fighting were using semi-autos and hunting rifles? They were fully operational militaries.
I think it's much, much less scary than the IEDs, rocket launchers, automatic rifles, landmines, full tactical gear, grenades, sniper rifles, anti-tank missiles, etc that the US were facing in those conflicts.
You seriously thinks that's what the US was up against in Afghanistan, Iraq and Vietnam? I seriously suggest you take 5 seconds to google the weapons used in those conflicts. That's honestly a joke if that's what you imagine those conflicts to be.
Not sure how old you are, but these things happen in dating and the more they happen to you the more you'll come to appreciate the process and the good times you had. You may even be on the opposite side of a similar situation sooner than you think. There's as much of a beauty in the transience of many people in your life as there is in the permanence of some relationships. I know it doesn't make it easier right now, but the fact that you were able to get to that level with someone you love just proves it's nowhere near impossible to get there again.
The Tweeter on the Grassy Knoll.
Yes, keybar is the shit, but I always end up accidentally going on 80s night instead of deep house. Which is the good night again?
Do they not? They always make me put a sticker on my cameras.
&gt; a crowded-ass summer concert presented by 104.5 or whatever Philly represent
So because the Democratic party is more nuanced and not blindly loyal extremists they suck as a group? Also, what about the Dodd-Frank changes do you disagree with specifically? I tend to agree with Michael Bennet's opinion that Dodd Frank wasn't actually working as intended and fighting for it in principle without going into specifics about what parts are working and which part's aren't is counterproductive and extremely reminiscent of the Republican Party's strategy over the last 16 years.
Nobody deserves anything, just vote for who you think is the best option.
How do you think print media would magically work without the internet? Let's ignore the entire process of creating the content, designing, and event printing. You would have no working supply chain to get supplies or deliver goods. Logistics would completely collapse. Maybe a few major publishers or local small town papers could pull it off, but it's highly unlikely in the near future.
The world wasn't built around an entire infrastructure depending on the internet then genius. Without the internet how do you know where to deliver the product to? Does the company have the infrastructure to take orders over the phone, record that information and communicate it to fulfillment in an analog world? No. Do the delivery contractors have that same infrastructure in place to take deliver orders and field calls from all of their customers losing their minds about losing the internet? There are a million variables in the modern supply chain that would completely fall apart without internet.
Sure, but I don't see why print media would have any particular advantage here over any other industry, such as CPG, retail, services, etc.
I think print media means something different that you think it means. Print media isn't the same as owning a print shop.
&gt;Internets not that old wouldnt be too hard to adjust back to early 90s I can't imagine where you live and what you do for a living where you think this statement is logical. You realize that entire infrastructures would need to be completely rebuilt from the ground up? You want to take orders? Can't do that online anymore, need to hire or build a call center, have them ship you everything they record, hire someone on your team to intake that information, hire someone to process it and hire someone to fulfill all the orders. That only covers the process of taking orders and is far from exhaustive for that task. Imagine rebuilding the entire industry.
&gt; Also in my view it wasn't so much Clinton not offering the cupcake but rather her inability to sell the cupcake. Well this is an even dumber criticism. If you turn your nose up at how someone is selling you a cupcake and in doing so convince other people to choose getting punched in the face for the entire group, that's on you. Literally if someone says you can all have cupcakes or get punched in the face, anything other than "I like the cupcake option" is you caring more about purity than actual outcome.
“I think eventually everything’s going to be okay, but I have no idea what’s going to happen next. And neither do any of you, and neither do your parents, because there’s a horse loose in the hospital!”
But the point that you seem to be ignoring that many people on here are pointing out is that you nitpicking in public forums on things that literally have no impact on the final outcome, or at least no positive impact, can impact others' actions. Regardless of if you think they are acting rationally or if it should impact them, it does, and you are therefore hurting yourself and others. Sometimes doing whats best doesn't mean sounding like the smartest person in the room.
Supreme Court refused to hear a case on it, upholding the previous decision. The currently set precedent is that concealed carry is not covered by the 2nd amendment.
See I doubt that highly. Think about it as a domino effect. You now need a shit ton more paper for records, so they need to increase the logging industry. They'll need more machines built for that and they'll need to hire more labor. They'll need additional shipping to get it around the world and shipping will have their own problems operating without the internet. That shipping company will need to hire additional people too. That in itself could take a couple years, and that's just getting paper to store records. Think about all the printers that would need to be manufactures and purchased, serviced, etc. And companies around the world would be competing for these new resources, as they would be scarce for quite a while. Then consider that this would have to happen for a ton of different aspects of the business. They would have to hire people for call centers, hire people to train them and assess them. Would have to implement new employee success tracking, because that is widely done on SAAS now. In the meantime, all of these companies would need to somehow operate and pay all of their employees without generating any revenue. This is ignoring that the economy would entirely crash and we'd go into a depression worse that the great depression considering how much our country's economy is tied up in the internet. I just can't see it correcting in any less than 10-15 years.
That's not how case law works. You can absolutely point to precedent from other circuit courts and it is done on a very regular basis.
&gt; (not a CFB fan, plz correct if wrong) A little wrong on this one. You won't see it in a lot of the big highlights but is definitely a power back. [Here's a mild example](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YLDoTHwLvZw) but he did it a lot of trucking throughout his career.
You publicly pointing out a factor that literally would not at all impact her ability to perform as president as a negative for her when compared to a much, much, much worse alternative isn't nitpicking?
We are specifically talking about concealed carry, not open carry, and you are the only one that used the word ruling in this comment chain though. I don't see how anything you are saying here is contradicting anyone else.
To open carry a handgun, which is slightly different. You can still open carry a gun in NJ without a permit.
Obvious things will be digital, but records will most definitely be stored on paper. hint: to fax records you need paper.
Magazines and Newspapers. Google is your friend.
The average dentist makes $150k a year. That's not "rich-rich".
Sorry to break it to you, but 150k is not even close to "rich-rich". [Pretty much all Americans, even those making under 25k a year, consider rich to be making 300k+ per year](https://www.nytimes.com/2014/06/17/upshot/definition-of-rich-changes-with-income.html) And that's not even "rich-rich".
Yes, if you read the article it literally says that people who make under $25k a year consider $293k/year to be the cutoff for rich. The next bracket, $25k-60k considers $394k to be the cutoff for rich and it scales up from there. The definition of rich is definitely relative, but even the lowest earning people don't consider $150k to be rich. I think you are just working with a warped definition of "rich" compared to the rest of the country. Having a bit leftover for the occasional luxury does not make you rich.
Yeah I think it's the best track on the album if you don't prescribe to any specific genres
I think that is still to be seen. Sproles didn't really show many signs of slowing down before he got hurt. He could still be a beast for all we know.
Why not? Tons of companies participate and it's a crazy fun event.
NJ has one of the lowest gun crime rates in the country, so maybe they do work.
How can they force McDonalds, 711, toll booths, taxis, etc to shut down?
I think the point is the "having to deflect" part. In most cases you don't have to deflect the accusations, as they don't hold any water.
&gt; Just let them take the time to vote and it's not that bad. That is how the current laws work. Employers are required to allow their employees time to vote.
I mean how is that different? The point is that poorer people are disproportionately suppressed on a public holiday. A ton of people would still have to work and it would almost all be these lower income people.
This isn't how it works in the US at all, and the government can't force all companies to shut down. You are also ignoring a whole ton of industries. What about security guards? Also, Mcdonalds isn't the only restauarant that never closes, there are probably 500 chains in the US that never shut down on holidays. Movie theatres are always open too. I don't know if you've ever been to the US, but they can't just force private stores to close. There have even been studies that show election holidays wouldn't have a positive impact in the US. Here's a good article on the subject: http://www.slate.com/articles/news_and_politics/politics/2016/11/an_election_day_holiday_might_not_increase_turnout_studies_demonstrate.html
I think we're going to see what pretty much always happens with any genre of music. There will be wild rapid offshoots every once in a while that basically turn out to be a massive fad, with elements living on in future music. You saw it in electronic music with the bro-step stuff that got massive with Skrillex's earlier music, died, then got incorporated as an element into newer music that isn't as radical. Same thing with Punk in the 80s contributing to the general direction of future rock music.
I mean...his best music was almost all when he was in his 20s...
&gt; the most consistently great artist ever. I really, really disagree with this. He's one of the best song writers, performers, composers and musicians of all time, but he has put out a lot of questionable music and largely Ok-to-good music over the last 40 years. I thought New was good and has some staying power, but I wouldn't say it's "Great", especially in comparison to his older work.
Being around for 60 years doesn't automatically make your music consistently great. I honestly don't think Mccartney has more than a handful of great songs in the last 30 years and I have his image tattooed on my arm. Nobody has more #1 hits? It's been almost 40 years since he has had 1, and it was a colab with the biggest artist in the world at the time. Paul McCartney is one of the greatest artists of all time, but consistency is far from his strong suit. You citing accomplishments that haven't been supplemented in the last 35+ years only helps prove my point.
And that's 24% of people over 18. So less than 1 in 5 Americans voted for Trump.
tbh there isn't really that much hate for him on the sixers sub. There was a lot of funny memes making fun of him during the that whole sweatshirt ordeal, but it was more joking around than actual dislike.
He was given a pass on them well before he was murdered.
Imagine was after this stuff. At that point he was mostly practicing what he preached.
He wasn't singing about struggling by having no possessions though. You clearly miss the entire point of the song if that's what you took from it. The point is imagine if the concept of possessions didn't exist. He isn't telling people to get rid of them, just take a second out of your day to try to imagine what it would be like if people didn't feel the need to control and own things. The whole song is a thought experiment and him asking you to join in.
I live in NYC and would kill for those prices.
I think you are oversimplifying human beings into binary categories when that's not how the world works. He isn't talking about a desire to personally lose his material wealth. He's talking about imagining a world where nobody has possession of anything. He's not talking about himself having nothing in a world where other people have possessions and value them highly. There is no leading by example in that situation. It's like me saying the world would be a better place if everyone were just happy all the time, then calling me a hypocrite for being sad sometimes. Also, as I pointed out earlier, he is talking about being peaceful years after he hit his wife. He openly talked about and even sang about how that was wrong and he had grown to understand that. Do you have any evidence that he abused his kids? It seems like you are partaking in a easy narrative without looking at the nuance of the situation. Not everyone who grows as a person is a hypocrite for their past actions.
Yeah, you're right. People should just ignore the racists and nazis and pretend they don't exist. They'll never have any real impact on our lives anyways...
I think they were simply humanizing them, because they're humans. I think NYT had a pretty good response to criticism like yours: https://www.nytimes.com/2017/11/26/reader-center/readers-accuse-us-of-normalizing-a-nazi-sympathizer-we-respond.html
Did you even read what I wrote? He's not talking about anyone having nothing in a world where others have possessions. Sorry that you don't understand the lyrics, but that doesn't make him a piece of shit.
&gt; to treat both of these groups as the same thing is woefully naive. Nobody is treating them in any way. They were simply portraying these people's lives. The article literally points out all the horrible things about them. The point of the article wasn't to appeal to the alt-right, and if you think that you are incredibly misguided. The point was to show who these people actually are on a day-to-day basis. Basically a "know your enemy" piece. Most people see Nazi's as evil cartoons of people that they never run into. These same people thought there was a 0% chance trump would win. The article's purpose was to point out that there could be a lot more of these people that the average person thinks. Not every news piece needs to focused on tearing someone down. It was simply documenting a culture that exists in our country. The fact that it made so many people uncomfortable and angry just proves how necessary the article was.
&gt;in a world where trump has never dipped below 75%-80% approval among republicans? that one Ok, but 5% of democrats and 38% of independents approve. Most moderates are not registered republicans.
The problem is that public transportation is the ONLY option for the vast, vast majority of the people in NYC. It has to be better than "pretty good" when there is no other way to get around.
$121 monthly for unlimited 24/7 transportation throughout the entire city is really nothing. The equivalent in London is more than double.
Do you live in NYC? Good luck not getting slammed by a cab or some dumbass opening an uber door into your lane.
Why not just call to see if anyone is missing a kitten? For all you know they filed a report the day before and have been looking for the cat ever since.
Foles?
I mean, tons of people were saying Johnny's college talent wouldn't translate well into the NFL. I don't think they were saying he'd be a bust at this level, but it was a pretty common narrative. He fell to 22 when a decent amount of teams needed a QB.
Many brought up his maturity then too. He was caught selling autographs. It really seems like you're revising history more than most on this topic.
I was delusionally tired from tailgating for 14 hours and just started crying after that play. Never seen anything like it in person.
Live in NYC and have PSU season tix. About 4 1/2 hour drive, 5-6 hour bus ride depending on traffic.
We're gonna have the hap, hap, happiest Christmas since Bing Crosby tap-danced with Danny fucking Kaye!
It's not about winning. It's about doing the right thing, even if it doesn't make you feel morally superior while getting nothing that you want.
Who says I'm a democrat? Would you prefer a supreme court judge from trump or one from clinton?
&gt; Far right is doing fine for the GOP, they have the presidency and both houses of Congress and the Supreme Court will likely be extremely conservative soon. But what are they realistically getting done? The liberal agenda was pushed more forward under obama than the conservative agenda has been under trump and the GOP is a ticking time bomb. Going extremist is not going to end well for the left.
We're not talking about having a conservative supreme court. We're talking about radicalization of parties, which is not why the supreme court is the way it is. Any republican, even a moderate, would nominate a conservative judge.
But the the radicals aren't really successful in pushing their agendas, and you've only listed hypotheticals that could have happened. I'll agree when I see concrete examples, but the US moved far further left under Obama, despite the tea party movement, than it has moved right under trump so far with them controlling all 3 branches.
That combo actually looks pretty dope tbh, not unfashionable.
&gt; You want U.S. to be moderately left leaning, you support the radical left. No I don't. I actually completely believe the opposite. If you have radically left leaning goals you should support moderates, and change will happen over time, which is literally what we've always seen. You make the flawed assumption that the moderate left and the radical left have extremely different ultimate ideals.
Swelly Express is a fucking classic. Almost every single song has aged fantastically.
This is my experience in NY as well. Way easier than everyone running their own tab the whole time.
I think it's because other leagues generally go by games back in their ranking instead of win %, so people are getting mixed up.
Google will be tough and probably not worth the effort. Have you thought of developing partnerships with companies like Minibar and Drizzly? You could potentially ask for better product placement on their sites and pay them in somewhat of an affiliate manner, like per referral from those specific placements (so not including when people search for you). I'd also consider content marketing. Not necessarily a hard CTA, but if you have an articles about you, put some money behind them on Facebook, Twitter and native display. Happy to talk further if you have any questions.
If you don't want to wait in line, you can walk across the street to Ishkabibbles. It's just as good IMO.
Incorrect
The difference is that in American football you have possessions/downs, which doesn't exist in rugby. Losing the ball in Football is a much bigger blow than it is in rugby because of that, so they tend to be more careful with it. A dropped forward pass is the end of a down, a dropped lateral is a fumble and the ball is still live. That said, you see it a lot more in college than you do in the NFL.
No more obscure than a lot of the people on here though.
Sure, but then ~30% aren't. There's a decent # on here that are significantly less know.
&gt;psychology claims a study to be valid at around 70% This is factually incorrect.
...do you even know what this thread is about?
Did you not see that double option we tried to run last week? There's a reason that nobody does that in the NFL.
Yeah this thread shows how little reddit actually knows about digital marketing.
Is the entirety of reddit under the assumption that Google doesn't serve ads on Apple products?
iOS apps serve ads from Google. That inventory belongs to Google (or whoever owns the ad network) and is their responsibility, not Apple's. Do you think apple serves all ads in iOS apps? Again showing how little people actually know on here about how adtech works.
I do know how it works. But how exactly is that relevant to the make of the phone? Why is it Apple's responsibility to track that any more than it is Google's? It was a dumb answer to avoid the question. Under COPPA, Google is also liable for serving these ads to children and collecting their data, not just the developer. Ignorance is not a defense there. In addition, if the app isn't primarily targeted at children, then it's not the developer's responsibility to even include that code. Everyone is skirting these laws on all sides.
Apple's only real responsibility is making sure that the apps in the marketplace are labeled correctly. After that, it's not their legal responsibility to make sure parents are, ya know, parenting their kids. You are throwing scenarios out there about who should be responsible that aren't in line with the actual laws. If google is showing that to a kid, it means they are collecting the kid's data, which means they are legally responsible for breaking COPPA.
In all seriousness though, the Athletic is worth paying for. Always good to support a company that's doing quality work you care about.
Try Lynda.com. Not free but worth the money.
You realize old firm is an outlier, even in Europe. But plenty of teams in the US are heavily tied to communities in historic ways. Also, in America there is usually only 1 team per city in each sport, so the histories of the teams are tied to the culture and histories of the cities themselves, rather than smaller groups within. Within cities there are definitely rivalries historically tied to socioeconomic status, like the Cubs/White Sox in Chicago. Generally though, you'll find that college sports tend to fill that void more than professional sports in the US. Many are tied to religion (Notre Dame, BYU, etc), history around race (Penn State, Michigan State), socioeconomics (BYU vs Utah), etc.
Just because there are 5-10 rivalries like that in the world doesn't make them outliers among all the top flight teams out there. I don't think football is any more tribalistic than other sports, America is just a different place than europe culturally and geographically. When it comes to college though, I'd say it's much more tribalistic and more similar to european football crowds. You get scenes like this pretty often: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NNDb-kFY2SY https://youtu.be/veHQMaxiOmg?t=61 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eBl0G9bDo1M https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fPsAZpNuaGk
&gt;Humans survived before houses as well, but I think our lives improved when we started living inside them. For the sake of argument though, nobody is forcing humans to stay inside with no way out of the house. Would you prefer to not have a house or to be confined to the same one your entire life?
The points aren't mutually exclusive. If you give up every time something is more difficult than it should be and just bitch about it online, you aren't ever going to get what you want in life.
Are you replying to the right comment...?
I have friends that worked there and loved it too. There's a lot worse low paying jobs out there.
Cousins is my second fave QB after Suddfield
As someone who has a lot of authority on this subject, I would absolutely be moving to get this guy onboard if I was a competitor and believed in my product.
You realize that product is one of the 4 P's of marketing right...seems like you just don't know anything about marketing, but thanks for trying to speak with authority on something you know nothing about.
Bit confused here. You came into the convo telling someone else that they were speaking with authority on a subject that they aren't expert on (with no evidence). Now you've clearly demonstrated that you don't understand the subject and actually have a distain for it. So why did you post that original comment? You then went on to post a video of someone speaking on a subject they are not an expert on. I just don't really see what you're going for here. Are you just trying to be a dick on a nice Sunday morning for the sake of it?
Price, Promotion, Place. There are other aspects to marketing and I think students are now taught in additon that the 4 P's don't necessarily cover, but product being part of the 4 key aspects of marketing that have been taught decades shows that the poster doesn't really know anything about marketing.
There we go, happy trolling.
During Obama's presidency the US: - Overcame our largest recession since the great depression - Saved the auto-industry - Repealed don't ask don't tell - Legalized Gay Marriage - Pulled out of Iraq - Passed the Affordable Care Act - Passed DACA - Passed CCARDA (which not enough people acknowledge) - Signed a nuclear agreement with Iran - Opened diplomatic relations with Cuba - Significantly raised fuel economy standards - Passed Dodd-Frank And the list goes on. Maybe you are too young to remember the US under Bush, but it was a lot like it is under Trump, but a lot less funny since we were in 2 major wars. Presidents can't snap their fingers and fix everything over time, but to suggest anything other than MAJOR progress under Obama is ignorant.
The thing is, 0-100 is pretty much the weather range in northeast US, so it works incredibly well here.
Well the lowest average temperature for a month in Michigan is 17 and the highest average is 83 so it's pretty much right in there though.
[There is a difference in daily circulation and PAID circulation.](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Newspaper_circulation) &gt;Circulation is not always the same as copies sold, often called paid circulation, since some newspapers are distributed without cost to the reader.) [New York Times is firmly on top of the paid circulation list, by a lot.](https://247wallst.com/media/2017/01/24/americas-100-largest-newspapers/) These numbers have only grown the last 2 years as well. For more up to date numbers, NYT recently went over 4 million paid subscribers and last year USA today had 2.6 million paid subscribers and that number was declining.
Don't know why you're being downvoted here, this is literally exactly correct.
Not OP, but in past years I feel like we've shown great form at this point in the season, focused heavily on winning the USOC, and tired players out/lost focus on MLS. I'm not happy we lost, but I'm not upset that we'll be 100% focused on the league now.
&gt; In my definition of science, experiments should be repeatable. How are experiments not repeatable in psychology? It doesn't seem like you are really using any criteria here outside of your feeling on the matter.
Shit gonna take a while, but it will get better, even though it may seem impossible and it's probably not what you want to hear. 1 day at a time man, it does get better.
Boomer too
Almost all modern hip hip uses sampling, generally pretty heavily too. It's just not based as much on soul samples like it used to be in the boom-bap days.
Everything is cyclical.
Have you run any conversion lift studies? Depending on how much you're spending, Facebook has a tool for testing the incrementally of the channel without shutting it off by creating holdout groups. Feel free to PM me if you have any questions about how to set it up.
An easy way to think of these situations is compare them to any other job. You can have a super talented company with an overbearing/micromanaging executive and yes-man manager and the company will likely not succeed. You'll have pressure in any job, but if the organization is a well oiled machine, it makes success easier and the pressure is less stressful.
Yeah...but 0-2 is worse than 3-2, right? Like you can't just ignore the wins...
Do you know what semantics means? &gt;One playoff berth = one opportunity to lose in the playoffs. This is literally false. We've literally had multiple opportunities each time he's made the playoffs.
That's not what one opportunity to lose means. They have the potential to lose 1 game, but multiple opportunities to lose it, because there are multiple judgements of win/loss along the way. Also, the entire point you're trying to make is stupid anyways since you're ignoring the wins and ignoring any nuance. You're other comment mentions being 1-1 in the playoffs last year as bad. If you're able to use any nuance, you'd realize that's actually not bad, as only 2 teams in the entire NFL had a better playoff record than that last season (Rams and Pats).
&gt; Would you like me to say he’s had two opportunities to accrue playoff losses? No, because again, it's wrong. You may benefit from taking a logic and reasoning course. Also, you're working pretty hard to negate the importance of a super bowl winning run in terms of playoff record. If anything, the super bowl win makes the record even more impressive.
The only coach with a better playoffs record than doug over the last 2 years is BB, who is 5-1. Nobody here is saying Doug's playoff coaching prowess will carry us, but it's certainly a factor. And you could argue Doug's ability to gain momentum late in the season and getting the team play "playing cohesively" is a big reason for his playoff record, so I don't think you can simply separate the two. Records don't exist in a vacuum.
Well, it's not the end of the world, this is a learning situation. Are you able to create custom conversions in Facebook to only track the conversion value of the orders you care about, then optimize from there? Budgets may be lower, but you could still grow the channel over time.
&gt; each ~~mayor~~ *governor* earmarks just enough funds to keep it running One of the biggest issues with MTA is that it's run by the state and not the city. If it was city-run, it would almost definitely be in a better place.
But in this scenario the titans are on offense, so I'm not sure you could argue that it's to "prevent a score".
Having been at PSU during the scandal, I probably had at least 15 different reporters run up to me on my way to class over the course of a couple months and I didn't even play football... What a bizarre time.
Yeah, you are your actions, not your intentions. Snape is a shit head and acted like a shit head as a student, young adult, and teacher. The dude sucked and if anyone of us knew him as a person in real life, we'd almost certainly dislike him.
I think the point is that losing in a super bowl is less painful for a team/city that has won a plethora of recent championships than it is for cities that haven't. I think current Boston fans have a hard time understanding this perspective. For example, if the Eagles lose the SB this year, it would hurt exponentially less than if they had lost 2 years ago.
A forward pass is only such if it is intentional. This was clearly not an intentional play, so it would be a fumble.
what if someone fakes throwing the ball to the ref, then takes off down field?
College football playoff rules just make too much sense for the NFL I guess.
Can't stay healthy? He took a late hit to the head dude. Enjoy your campbell's chunky soup and your double date at the prom coaching situation.
I don't think taking a late hit to the back of the head is an indication that he can't stay healthy. Meanwhile Foles was seriously injured this season so not sure what point you're trying to make.
Broken wrist
How's your game going?
I don't think we actually have one, but I could be wrong.
Just happy to be here
Then why don't you go hang in the dallas game thread?
No Eagles fans expected to win, we just don't want our entire team to get murdered while the refs sit their with their thumbs up their ass.
Agreed, we have to let him throw in the redzone if we want to win.
Why are we worse on 3rd and long than 3rd and short? Can we just spy on wilson, like once?
And we're still in the game, what does that say about you?
He took a late hit to the head and got a concussion, no QB is walking away from that.
Lol what?
McCown must think he's Barry Sanders or something, because the minute he feels pressure he just starts running with reckless abandon.
It's every gamethread dude. They have nothing to cheer for so they cheer against
Ya know, it really, really did.
Did you watch college this year? The new targeting rule is great and works perfectly. Targeting is reviewed automatically and has to be confirmed for it to stand.
I can't think of a call outside of maybe maybe false start that is called correctly as consistently as the the new targeting rule.
So what do you think Bernie will do, magically wave his hand and bypass congress? You're ignoring the reality that large parts of the country do not support public healthcare and aren't going to randomly stop watching fox news.
People bring it up with Bernie, because his supporters are the only ones that don't seem to understand the way the system works. I'm not against Sanders, but it's not like his chutzpah gives him influence over GOP senators or something.
Bernie isn't my first choice candidate, but drumming up support doesn't magically turn red districts blue. There needs to be a political strategy for whipping votes, bundling initiatives, etc. &gt;I'm not being facetious--join our movement, connect with people, and you will see firsthand what these concrete grassroots campaigns look like that help get policy passed. I think my question is what concrete policy examples do you have to point to of anything even close to as big as M4A?
&gt; Stop threatening me. Lol
What do you not like about the new college targeting rule? How would you recommend improving it?
Dude we didn't even offer Dawkins a strong late-career contract. What makes you think we'd do so for Jenkins?
&gt; I hate seeing kids thrown out of games on questionable subjective calls. That's literally what the new rule prevents. Every targeting call is reviewed and must be confirmed. If there isn't sufficient evidence to confirm it, the ruling on the field is overturned.
The entire point of the movie was making fun of bad comedy sequels though, it was a satire of forced and predictable comedy sequels...
I mean, it's been enforced well. What examples do you have that say otherwise?
"Lowering the head before attacking by initiating forcible contact with the crown of the helmet" is by definition targeting in the NCAA. It doesn't matter if nobody got hurt, the rule is there to help protect the tacklers and carriers by forcing tacklers to change their behavior. Leading with the crown of the helmet is dangerous and should be illegal. You can not like the rule of what they define targeting as, but the rule is clear and was enforced correctly on that play.
&gt;It's poorly written and poorly enforced. You've yet to describe how it is poorly enforced but ok. As long as we're cool with 19 year olds giving themselves permanent brain damage for our entertainment, I guess.
And they're hiring Garrett as OC
Lol ok edgelord. The Beatles are largely responsible for the development, popularity and growth of psychedelic rock, but let's just call them bubblegum pop and do no research whatsoever.
My dad is a republican that voted for clinton, hates trump, and hates Bernie. He said he'd vote for Biden or Bloomburg, but would be hesitant voting for Bernie because he doesn't agree with any of his policies or viewpoints and think they would be detrimental to the country. I'm not saying I agree with my dad, but there are a lot of people like him around the country.
Nobody said Bernie is dangerous to America here. That "if you criticize us you're against us!" mentality is what makes his supporters look like a cult. It's very cultish behavior.
Lol we're in a thread about Bernie Sanders, nobody here is ignoring him, just trying to have a nuanced conversation without people getting angry at each other.
That's not what a victim complex is...
Would you vote for Warren against Trump?
Who in this direct comment chain is talking about acting like he's a victim. If you click parent all the way to OP, it's never mentioned.
Did the person you're responding to ever say "cult of Bernie"? I don't see it anywhere in this thread. Seems like they are just trying to promote less division on the left and are getting attacked for it
TBF the Bernie subreddit is kind of a joke. You can be a supporter of someone and not like their subreddit. Maybe they enjoy nuanced discussion and learning about other candidates and what they are doing.
This is why people say Bernie's supporters are a cult. Someone says to focus on the issues and policies and that equates to "fuck Bernie Sanders?" I like Sanders, but let's encourage open discussion, not shut it down.
I'm confused. Why did attribute to this person both referring to a cult of bernie and being a centrist when neither is really supported by their comments? I wouldn't call myself a leftist and you should vote for who you think is best, but this person doesn't seem to display what you are attributing to them.
All good, I'm not even complaining about the constant Bernie articles being posted (though I do think a lot of them are wishy-washy, but that's just a product of Reddit's mechanics, not specific to Bernie). I just want to promote healthy debate and discussion.
I don't think many people disagree with Bernie's IDEAL policies. Many people just don't believe they're attainable. The main difference among democrats is strategy, not goals.
&gt; Just because they call out other candidates as con artists and self serving capitalists I think the problem is that they attack supporters of other candidates as much as they attack the other candidates themselves.
The article really only talks about his anti-war position, it doesn't talk about any specific policy. That said, I'm talking about supporter rhetoric, not the article. In this thread there is basically no discussion about foreign policy outside of a single thread on the green new deal (which Warren also supports). There actually a decent discussion in that comment, but the rest of the comment section is people attacking and insulting each other for one reason or another. If Bernie supporters don't want to be called a cult (and I'm not calling them one, just saying it's a perception that people have), they should be working on pushing policy discussion more, and less insulting other candidates and people that support them. I think that ALL people should really be focusing on policy discussion, but conversation seems to move away from that more in the discussions about Bernie than others, so that's why I'm bringing the point up with his supporters and not others.
&gt;She is also less electable due to Trump supporters being able to get riled up easily when he calls her Pocahontas You seriously don't think he'll come up for something with Bernie too?
He doesn't but my point is that candidates get cheaper rates on TV ads than PACs do, so he could be aiming to maximize his efficiency.
Markelle has being doing really well this year, he put up 25 yesterday.
Part of me is happy because he say something really dumb, but not I'm worried about what he's actually DOING right now.
It's a massive echochamber that causes people to lose touch with actual discussion on politics, since they all not only agree on a candidate, but are so passionate that they engage in a forum regularly to support them. For context, I don't even know if my preferred candidate has a subreddit, but I discuss politics regularly on here.
tbh I think that's kinda interesting, but I work in marketing.
Well we bombed them right before killing 27 of them, so yeah, they were pissed. It was bad that we killed him because he is a government official, which makes it a political assassination, which has much worse political consequences.
I'm not trying to defend him here, but the best way to get better after a many surgeries (such as a hip replacement) is by walking/exercising, not taking the easy way out.
Just like people were watering down the meaning behind Nazi early in his tenure?
So are we going to just pretend he isn't constantly already ignoring the constitution, or are we waiting for the peace of paper to come to life and physically remove him from office?
I see based on one glance at your post history that you seem to go around looking for comparisons of the rise of the Nazi party and the current state in the US. Glad I could help Kamerad.
I mean, if my child was sick and I didn't have a way to get the money, I'd consider robbing people. This person didn't even threaten or show a weapon.
I mean, he's ignored the constitution tons of time, claims executive privilege on things that don't apply, ignored the emoluments clause, assassinated a foreign leader without congressional review, etc. How do you think Hitler rose to power? The Nazi party took all of the positions that enforced checks and balances and slowly concentrated the power. It's not like he campaigned on the slogan "Make me dictator and let's kill the jews". Until Trump is actually checked in any material way, he basically is running the country how he wants.
Maybe read up on anything the Nazi party did before the final solution. It's an extremely apt comparison, but no reason in arguing with someone that can't think critically. Enjoy worshiping another man, it definitely makes you seem super cool!
Dude I don't think about Trump really at all unless I see these articles on Reddit. If anything he's been great for my investments and bank account. I'm a white, male, high earning exec in NYC, so I'm not too worried about myself personally, really looking out for other people that he's hurting. Enjoy living vicariously through another insecure dickhead lol.
I wan't excusing it. I was just saying I might do the same thing in their situation.
When did I say minorities? Are you suggesting that trump is disproportionately hurting minorities?
&gt; I think most tech people are accepting of female tech workers lol, where do you work that suggests this. It's definitely not the norm and much worse compared to the vast majority of industries.
Well, white males tend to generally have an advantage in all of society, regardless of Trump, which is why I included it. I believe Trump creates issues as much for poor white rural males as much as he does for anyone though. Like I said, at the end of the day, I'm walking away with more money. That's my personal worst case scenario, so thanks for owning me my man, us libs sure are salty! lol
&gt;Blaming it on FB isn't at all ridiculous. [It really isn't and tons of people saw it coming as early as 2016.](https://digiday.com/media/publishers-facebook-still-frenemy/) The possibility of this happening by becoming overly-reliant on FB has been happening in the publishing industry for a long time.
I mean, they're different people so you don't know. I'd love Duce if we legitimately think he's the best one for the job. He'll leave eventually if he doesn't get promoted.
&gt; isn't the flower power movement we think of today mostly a California thing? Nah it was on the East Coast as well for sure, especially in New York.
It's exciting to see us not as the butt of that joke
We get it dude, you're ok with slavery as long you can win a reddit argument.
Why are you attacking someone who is literally trying to help fix the problem you are accusing them of supporting? I'm sure your purchasing does more to support terrible working conditions than this person's job does.
You can hit a defenseless receiver, just not in the head. That was a super clean hit.
It’s up to the client that they use personal data. Any agency can work in a way that you describe as “ethical”, it will just be less effective.
I feel like it’s a stupid rule that they lose a challenge/timeout there. The decision was still different than the original call, despite the outcome not changing.
It depends on how you want to measure it. If you want to measure ROAS, it should be cart value including discounts. If you are breaking even on shipping, I'd likely not include, but it really depends on how you're keeping your books.
Again, really depends on your goals. Do you want to measure revenue there? Then it should be the exact amount of money coming in. There is no "right" answer, you just have to choose how you want to use it.
The problem is that none of these articles are substantive. We've literally had like 20 articles over the last 3 days on the front page that are just "Bernie can actually win", "Bernie is the only candidate that will bring change", "Bernie is the only candidate that can beat Trump", "Bernie supporters are extremely enthusiastic", etc. They're fluffy populist BS. I'd be happy to read articles about Bernie's policy and what he's doing, but none of these articles or comment sections offer anything to inform me in any way.
Yeah I feel like I'm taking crazy pills in this thread. Graphic design doesn't add any value in 75% of marketing jobs. Maybe for very general roles at small businesses it is a must have, but not for most jobs.
I mean, they snapped it quick, Clemson could have too.
Honestly dude, fuck you, you clearly don't know what you're talking about, you sound like a 15 year old that just learned how GTM works. Your situation is that you do ecomm and want to pass back a parameter and don't know how to calculate your own success metrics? Congrats bro, take literally a single class on marketing in your life or get an internship, then come back to me with snippy bullshit. You have provided zero relevant information about your goal, how you are doing accounting, what your success metrics are, and what you'll even be using this data column for. Honestly, your complete lack of understanding of how any of this works tells me you won't be successful with ecomm anyways. Your questions might as well be "I'm wearing a t-shirt, what color is it?" Then responding that "there's no question about my situtation" when someone says that everyone has different color t-shirts, so it depends on the situation.
&gt; things like Google SEM Specialist positions are dying out. No they aren't.
I don't know why you're getting downvoted. He's actually been fired 3 times as OC after 1 season, not just twice. He was the OC in CLE, MIN, and JAX, each for a season.
It was investigated already and no evidence was found to support it: https://wjactv.com/news/local/penn-state-investigates-assault-claims-made-by-football-player
Always are around Sandusky-related articles.
I never said nothing happened. I said there was nothing found to support the claim. Obviously there are accusations of illegal things, or else the police would not have been involved.
&gt;Not saying the allegations are true, but blindly believing police and the university -- particularly at a place like Penn State Particularly at Penn State? If anything, Penn State would be even MORE diligent than other schools, given the scandal. Nobody there is risking their entire career to protect football players. Franklin even revoked a prospect's offer for hazing.
Of course they change it every year. It's not 100% accurate, so they add more historical data and adjust. That's how predictive algorithms work.
&gt; If you are fresh out of uni/college you would be nuts to specialise. This is a massively bad take. Things may change but knowledge is transferable, or else everyone would be out of a job immediately. The most successful people I've seen by far specialize out of school at agencies and then broaden their knowledge. People that start out broad tend to sputter out at most companies because they don't have a truly deep understanding of fundamentals of how things work and aren't learning from subject matter experts. The most successful people I've seen in my career have started in brand strategy, media strategy/planning, integrated campaign management, marketing analytics, or sales. All of these are specialization.
I'm in NYC and have worked at startups, large companies, big agencies, and exited a boutique agency where I was the first employee. I've seen all walks of marketing life and the vast majority of people I've worked with in marketing have zero graphic design experience. Obviously there are people that need that in marketing, but 90% don't.
About 25% of marketing is creative, maximum. Edit: To people downvoting me, you must have VERY limited exposure to what marketing entails in its entirety. Outside of creative there is: - Sales - Strategy - Research - Demand Planning/P&amp;L Analysis - Media - Analytics - Audience - Project Management - Account Management - Retail - Operations - Compliance - Partnership Development - Lifecycle/Retention Just off the top of my head. Graphic design doesn't hurt to know, but there are a TON of other skills that would be more helpful to develop for the majority of marketing roles.
He was already elected at that point, what were people supposed to do. He said it in hopes of uniting people and shit not being too bad, and has since publicly gone back on it.
Linear regressions models against sales (Marketing Mix Modeling), Milward Brown brand lift studies, matched market tests etc. There are plenty of ways to measure it.
&gt;TV ads are supposed to sell products This isn't true really. TV ads can have lots of goals, such as: increasing brand awareness, increasing favorability, improving retention, etc. All of these things are measured by major marketing companies through statistical modeling, brand lift studies, spike attribution, matched market tests, etc. This sub is a total shitshow and makes me feel really good about my marketing prowess.
&gt;That didn't happen. &gt;And if it did, it wasn't that bad. Fun stuff
Who did Klobuchar's makeup...it can't be on purpose can it?
Ever considered she may be telling the truth?
Were you in the room?
This is getting ugly for warren/bernie
He could say a woman couldn't win the election and not be sexist. Could be a completely statistical argument.
She did
Care to go into specifics?
Ok, but have you considered it?
I love how people refuse to even consider this. Bernie saying something along those lines wouldn't even make him sexist, it would just be a statistical argument. Who cares?
It's not a sexist comment. I don't believe a muslim could win in 2020 but that make me islamophobic
Why is she dividing the left? What if she's telling the truth?
Because Sanders supporters believe he in infallible. They haven't even considered a situation where maybe they both believe they are telling the truth.
Ok, you don't think it's possible that they remember the conversation differently while discussing America's willingness to elect a woman? I've been part of that conversation hundreds of times leading up to the last election.
I mean, I don't Bernie is lying, but I don't think Warren is either.
I mean, she didn't go on the attack, if anything she changed the subject. CNN asked the question, not her.
This is gold.
I mean, is that not a legitimate question?
He's trying to navigate the question without talking about his sexuality, which is a major factor.
Pete got asked why black people don't like him, but according to reddit CNN is biased against Bernie because they asked if people will be turned off by the label of "socialist". You won't get a real answer here
Or they remember a conversation differently.
If absolute proof came out that Bernie was lying (completely hypothetical), would that change your mind on her?
I believe them both.
Or they remember the conversation differently. Ever consider that?
Or she remembers the conversation differently and is being honest.
My theory is that they has some discussion on America being ready to elect a female president (one that is a valid discussion) and Bernie may have said something along the lines of "I'm not sure". Even if Sander's said "No" it's not a reason to be mad at him. If she believes he's lying about having said that though, it would make sense that she's mad now and wasn't before. That's just a theory.
Deep breath, no need to be toxic.
So you support Donald Trump over Warren?
How do you know she's lying?
There's a difference between caring about politics and reacting the way OP did. It is possible to care too much to the point that it is a detriment to your life and mental health.
Or maybe she didn't want it to leak but believes he said it.
I still don't think it is, I think it's still a very legitimate discussion. The same as discussing Pete's lack of black support due to his sexuality and Bernie's potential issues with the socialist label. Issues do not simply go away by not talking about them.
Nobody is shaming them for caring about politics. People are concerned about them due to the extremism of their reaction. If this person takes a step back to focus on themself for a bit, others can help pick up the slack.
OR she believes he said that, but doesn't think it's relevant so she moved past it.
She was asked a question and answered it. Same as Bernie.
&gt; I'm so done with Warren and anyone who continues to support her. They seem at this point to be utterly determined to split the progressive vote... Do...do you not see the irony here?
Or she said it off hand to someone in the same discussion the next day and they're the ones that leaked it. There are other very plausible explanations here. These are all likely conversations we've all had with our friends.
She may have mentioned it offhand to someone after the conversation with Sanders not thinking much of it. If Sander's campaign can release hit pieces on Warren without his approval, can't the same happen for Warren and her campaign?
Is it any worse than the official memo from Bernie's campaign?
You can feel very passionately about matters and deal with them in a healthy way. Screaming fuck you over and over is not a healthy way of dealing with it and won't change any opinions.
Unless it is true or she believes it to be. It's possible she didn't want it leaked but feels the need to tell the truth when asked about it.
Or she just isn't trying to make anything out of it. She also made a lot of comments about them being friends and on the same side.
Why can't they both be honest and are remembering or interpreting the conversation differently? I'm not saying I know all the answers here, but contrary to the world republican leaders want us to believe in, not everything is black and white. I wasn't in that room and don't even give a shit if sanders said he doesn't think a woman can win. It's pretty inconsequential either way.
&gt; All because a rogue supporter posted something that was deleted, but first taken and spread. [Not sure if you've seen the reports, but Bernie's campaign admitted to essentially lying about the "rogue supporter" argument today and admitted that it was officially distributed by the campaign.](https://www.politico.com/news/2020/01/14/sanders-admits-anti-warren-script-early-states-098786) My point is that this shit happens with campaigns and these 2 "scandals" are essentially meaningless. Let's focus on issues that matter and ignore petty bullshit from any side.
The one calling Warren out of touch. It came out today that it was officially distributed and not some random slack message like Sander's campaign first claimed.
She answered a questions honestly and moved onto the next point. Jesus Bernie supporters on here are fragile.
&gt; Those talking points were not an attack, sloppily worded or not. Then I just don't understand why Bernie and his campaign lied about them being official
It's not her job to make Bernie look good. She said she doesn't agree with him then moved to a positive message about women. If supporting women comes across as an attack to you, then maybe you share some views that Bernie is being accused of.
&gt; It’s her insinuating that Bernie said otherwise which we know he’s said the opposite multiple times so that’s obviously a farce Disagree that it's obviously a farce. Honestly, I'm undecided in the primary but the whole last week has really turned me off from sanders. His supporters inability to have an objective conversation worries me and reminds me of 2016. I'm going to vote Blue no matter what, but I don't like people that are by FAR the most negative on the Dem side accusing everyone else of mudslinging. Makes me question if him being out early will help unite the party more.
Why is that gullible? [That video is correct, there is a weak and strong form of that knot.](https://medium.com/starts-with-a-bang/theres-a-physics-trick-to-keep-your-shoes-from-coming-untied-71ef91d09282)
&gt;Erm, I hate to point out your link refers to a different knot (granny vs. square knot), not the direction one ties their knot. The knots are literally the exact same outside of the direction of the loop in the second step. Those are the 2 knots references in the video. Not sure why you're trying to act like a knot expert here when the video very, very simply explains this. The video's point also isn't how to tie your shoes. It's that simply minorly changing a step can have a massive impact and to never assume the way you do things is the best way.
Yeah real talk I expected this to be the top answer. Biggest curse of our club was losing Harvey.
&gt; And I'm sorry but when it's hit so far straight up in the air, it is difficult to judge it. For a professional you expect them to do it, but for a non professional it's impressive. Not the same person, but this is a routine play for middle schoolers in baseball. Obviously it being barehanded makes it impressive, but tracking the ball is something that would be expected of anyone in baseball, it's a very routine part of the game.
I haven't played baseball in 15 years and could do this. Drunk middle-aged guys playing softball do this on a very extremely regular basis. Again, the bare handed catch is pretty impressive, but tracking the ball in baseball is the equivalent of kicking the ball 20 yards in the air in soccer. It's something that's a bare minimum you should be able to do if you are over 12 years old and want to even play the sport for fun.
Yeah I've actually met skip and he's a pretty cool dude, definitely hams up the character.
The tracking was brought up by a cricket fan saying specifically that that part was impressive. I'm just countering that and saying that it's not, and is routine in low-level games of baseball. People seem to be arguing this for some reason.
Lol what are you talking about. Everyone knew who Mac Miller was, he wasn't some obscure new artist.
What legislation has trump passed lol? Obamacare still exists, there's no wall, etc. Basically zero of his promises have come true.
She was secretary of state not that long ago and is still very active in washington. You think she doesn't keep in touch with her old colleagues?
Is the point to be loved or to accomplish things?
He was at peace.
I mean, he could have been in a different mindset when he wrote the lyrics than when he relapsed. Relapse often comes from small moments of weakness rather than massive issues.
Sure, but they're certainly more qualified than a random ass redditor.
Dude had dementia, and as far as I know there were no reported incidents of racism from him before he developed the disease (could be wrong here though). I've seen people completely change when they develop Alzheimer's and it's sad to think that people can be remembered for being someone they had no control over.
He was a fantasy stud for a few years
Dude went to the pro bowl in 2009 and had over 100 receptions and over 1200 yards. In a PPR league that's very good stats.
I mean, he might have. I wouldn't put it past him.
Frank Ocean, Radio Head, Anderson Paak, The XX, Lumineers, Kaytranada, Run the Jewels, Blink 182, Alabama Shakes, Bon Iver, Flume, Grimes, etc. A ton of albums are put out every year by big artists where big labels aren't involved in the recording. There's also a major difference between working with a label for recording and working with one for distribution. Billie Eilish most definitely worked with a major label (Interscope) to promote and distribute the album one it was made.
Every cop I've seen in NYC has been overly aggressive, even when the first protests on friday were peaceful. There is a new feeling in the air in NYC that it's residents against cops. And cops are doubling down on their side.
Welcome to STAT 001 !!! Now for your first lesson...
I did it and have been protesting in nyc since Friday. What are you doing?
Wasn’t sure if this thread was being brigaded by racists or trolls until I saw this uploaded. Posts on Instagram are negatively impacting society more than police murdering innocent men?
Ok racist fuck. They don’t want policies passed, they want them enforced equally. If you can’t see that then I look forward to the day your grandchildren are ashamed of you and leave your backward ass alone in an underfunded nursing home, so you can be racist alone while your caretakers talk shit on your behind your back.
Taking water from medics and doctors at a city-sanctioned station because people in full paramilitary tactical gear with shields and guns might get hit with a disposable water bottle? In what world is that reasonable? Meanwhile, cops are high-fiving racist skinheads walking around with baseball bats past curfew in Philly.
It's unfair to compare one city in florida to an entire state of NJ. I think it would be more fare to compare it to crime rate in a NJ city. Think about those numbers in Trenton, Camden, Newark, etc.
Yeah for those people the flag means more than black lives. They're the problem and they are racist.
Are you going to ignore the actual cities I listed, which doesn't include Jersey City? lol. Looking at the the most violent cities in the US, NJ has 5 in the top 100 and Fort Lauderdale isn't even on the list. You also keep calling it Fort Lauderville, which isn't even a real place so I'm not sure why you're even arguing here.
None of the anger has specifically at white police, what are you even talking about? All races of police are being protested and confronted.
Which would be valid if all colors of people are brutalized by police at the same rate. Black men are brutalized by police statistically WAY more per capita. I know this analogy is thrown around a lot but it applies perfectly here. If 1 house is on fire and the fire department comes, they don't split the water between all the houses, because they all have problems. They focus on the one that's on fire. Right now, that house on fire is police brutality against black men.
Are you reading your own links? Those are the exact pages I used. Violent crimes per 1000 residents according to that site: - Trenton: 11.81 - Camden: 16.22 - Newark: 7.59 - Fort Lauderdale: 5.65
Racism isn't only intent-related. This is just what white people try to convince themselves that they aren't part of the problem so they can enjoy their privilege in peace.
Imagine having to apologize for having a different skin color. What you focus on here shows your true nature.
You think nobody should ever apologize for their opinion?
I mean, his statement alone has sparked this conversation which is more beneficial to the movement than his entire football career has been, so there's that.
I will pledge to donate $1000 right now if someone were to create an official fund to pay these players' tuitions while they strike. If boosters can pay for athletic scholarships, then boosters can pay for their tuition regardless. I would love to see this take off.
It's not just midwest, it's German-American areas. It's super common where I grew up in Philly, which is a big area for German-Americans.
They're already athletes and not playing sports, so, how so? Edit: What violation is it?
They can't take scholarships from funds for civil rights activists?
Treat people like they're a procedure and not humans. This is why people are treating cops like obstacles they are and not the humans they pretend to be.
Show concern for human life and not be bureaucratic fascists
If a certain number of high profile players did this, it wouldn't destroy any of their careers. People on here love talking about NCAA football players too like more than the most minuscule amount go to the NFL. If 500 starters that aren't going to make the NFL across the country decide to do this their senior year, it would cost MAYBE $50k/player. That's $25MM, which isn't impossible to raise in any way shape or form.
So they're good PR for cops by being nice to kids that will be oppressed by cops a few years later?
Or dealing with it in a reasonable way instead. There are schools all around the world without police that manage just fine.
&gt;As for Kirk, I do not think will he fired. There aren’t “specifics” to point to necessarily (yet), but rather a culture issue. Many Black players did not feel comfortable in this program. That is not okay. Plus, our AD, Gary Barta, is both racist and sexist. You'd have to assume there is a good chance both the AD and Kirk will be fired. This is possibly the worst thing that could have happened to the university right now and is a systemic problem with a program they specifically oversee. It is quite literally their job to make sure shit like this doesn't happen.
True, I was out all weekend so I'm late catching up on all this CFB news. I wonder if most people are feeling more strongly about this now because looking at the thread, there are a lot of people here that seem more concerned about CFB than the apparent systemic racial issues. Hoping nothing like this comes out about PSU. I don't expect it to, but you never really know.
How are we defining being "canceled", because Louis CK took his dick out in front of people without asking and started jerking off in front of them. Even ignoring the power dynamic he has do to his place in the comedy industry, that's worthy of being ostracized.
If you think these startups are the reason why then you are inanely out of touch with the situation. The local papers were already dying since Facebook and Google have eaten up all the available advertising dollars. No publication can sustain itself on ad dollars anymore. So, the solution is to charge. You see the same thing from WaPo, WSJ, NYT, etc. The Athletic is a natural answer to the climate, not the other way around. Also, SI was failing miserably and laying off employees before the athletic came around.
Welcome to the realization that 99% of this sub is nonsense.
Facebook doesn't sell data. They sell a black box with access to customers and machine learning algorithms.
Agreed, it's necessary.
I'm really confused as what you see the actual differences as in Europe outside of language, geography, and flora then? Because those states are just as different as most countries in western Europe outside of language.
What is so different about the culture in European countries (outside of language) that doesn't apply to US states. I keep seeing people say this but give no examples at all.
&gt; How would the look for her career future if she tazes her partner. Then have some self respect and get a new job. She officially made herself part of the problem when she had a choice. Money &gt; human rights to her.
How about instead of victim blaming, you hold the murderers accountable...
&gt; yeah, focus on the one point that maybe the us also has and not the three others that i gave you. Dude you listed "the culture is different" as one of the three responses to my questions "What is so different about the culture in European countries". So what country are you from, so I can add "lack of reading comprehension" to the list. So I focused on history being massively different in the US, let's talk about food. Do you think the food in Texas isn't wildly different from Massachusetts? Do you think Food in Georgia isn't wildly different from food in Hawaii? Food in different states are just as different from each other as European countries are. So again, what is actually different about the culture that is more vast than the US? "History" isn't culture, so what about the culture itself is different?
My question was "how is the culture different", not "why is the culture different". I also listed the vastly different histories of US states. They have been in different wars, parts of different countries, speak different languages, eat different foods, etc. And I've been to Germany a number of times, I'm of Bavarian decent and have a lot of family there.
Well then how do you change the issue? LAPD has a history of firing officers that make complaints about other officers.
I mean, we've finished top 10 twice since 2017 and have won 2 new years 6 bowls. I think most people would have been happy with that outcome if you told them before. And it's not as though PSU is getting further away, we just haven't gotten over the hump yet.
Fuck Cuomo, he was defending police on TV right before this happened, claiming they weren't attacking peaceful protesters. Meanwhile I was seeing them doing exactly that with my own eyes in NYC. Fucking political mouthpiece.
Yep, we're 2 great recruiting classes away from being a natty contender. Could happen at any time but our floor is pretty high right now.
Yeah the competitive nature of our division is what makes college football fun for me still (as a graduated old-head that only gets to 1-2 games a year). Otherwise it would just be the NFL. As much as I hate OSU football, it's success has been beneficial to PSU as well, so I think we're all in a pretty good situation.
Numerous deaths and lives ruined will result from inaction too. Ending systemic oppression takes momentum and the time to act on it is right now. A few weeks ago people were protesting without masks because they couldn't get a haircut.
If you look at lives ruined by systematic oppression of black people by police, it's more than 1000 a year. If permanent changes are made, it will save more than 100,000 lives. Also the biggest threat of COVID is hospitals being overrun. That isn't the situation right now in NYC.
Yeah, if you completely ignore selection bias.
Ignoring a problem that is hurting people is still harming people though. Think about it like this: if a guy with a gun ran into your house and threatened your family, you saying "well I'm not actively harming my family" doesn't help. You have to fight back against the guy, you don't get brownie points for not shooting your family along with him.
Sure, but again, there's a very large chunk of the population (see: half the comments on this post) that simply thinks "not being racist" is an active solution when it's not.
&gt;And you may want to compare the numbers of people who get killed by police to the numbers of people who are dying to Coronavirus, it's a little one-sided You know how many people's lives are ruined by systemic problems in the police system? If we made these changes 50 years ago it wouldn't have been a problem, but more than 100,000 lives have been ended or ruined by police in the meantime.
If you read the comments it looks like someone at Vox reached out to corroborate. Hopefully the essay or some form of it gets published by a trustworthy source that can vouch for it.
I loved the reaction of the gorilla dribbling the basketball running around in the background.
Yeah it's weird to think of the people on here also posting on /r/nfl lol. I guess both subs are filled with hot takes
Have you ever considered that you might just not have a good eye for graphic design and other people notice the difference? People literally get 4 year degrees in the subject. Like sure, Betty Crocker cake mix taste pretty good when I use it, but it's not the same level as a pastry chef.
&gt; If I understand it correctly, if someone is charged with a crime, and it turns out during the trial that he is actually guilty of a slightly lesser crime... he walks free? No, not how it works, he's been charged with Murder 2 and Murder 3
Police kill 1000 people a year in the US, and that's not counting the people they permanently injure, bankrupt, wrongly impression, etc.
Yeah lol, it's like people saying Donald Trump can't do things because they're unconstitutional. We're well past that. This is how the police have ALWAYS operated and why they need to be abolished and built back from scratch.
Not specifically on marketing, but Predictably Irrational, The Paradox of Choice, Thinking Fast &amp; Slow, and The Power of Habit are all must reads in you work in marketing IMO. Also the obligatory Ogilvy on Advertising, which is currently sitting on my couch next to me.
Nah, seriously, Cuomo can go fuck himself. NY's budget and voting schedule happened to line up with the laws passing, they weren't his work that he quickly forced through or anything. Cuomo gave a lot of lip service during the lockdown, but it's not as though he was an early adopter of shutting things down. Now he was saying police weren't abusing peaceful protesters. He went on record on the wrong side of history. Also, it's not like people even liked Cuomo before Covid.
Google you need an account. Zoom also has a much better grid view for large groups. Zoom also has better screenshare capabilities for video with audio.
I live in NYS and it's a joke to say we're out of the woods. The same factors that made NY a hotspot for Covid still exist. And why do you assume I'm a trump supporter or something? I voted for Cuomo for Governor. Just because Trump has done a shitty job with Covid doesn't mean that Cuomo shut down the state early enough. And it doesn't mean that I have to like how Cuomo has responded to the civil unrest and police brutality. &gt;Cuomo did great. I mean, I very much disagree. [Here's some good reading on this topic specifically.](https://www.nytimes.com/2020/04/08/nyregion/new-york-coronavirus-response-delays.html) And his signing 50a doesn't mean he's done a good enough job with police reform. Pretty much all of the protests in NYC have specifically said that 50a is a starting point that the government will use to throw the movement a bone. It's not enough. If that's all Cuomo does, paired with his comments on police brutalizing protesters, then he has failed in this matter.
Yeah a big problem with a lot of recent sports logo redesigns in general is that they are aiming to be modern/contemporary, when they should be aiming to be timeless.
I guess I need to add "candy-flip at MLS game" to the bucket list...
Vegas odds are determined by how people are betting, what are you talking about?
Well we were the first circle, so don't blame us...
&gt;You don't have a right to publicly shame someone for disagreeing with you it's extremely childish I mean, it's literally the first amendment.
Will he feel bad that he's hurting them or understand what is wrong about what he did. That's the issue right? Addressing a symptom vs addressing the problem. I think that's what most people miss about BLM.
The problem is that it actually includes any ads with topics that could be considered "political issues". This was a massive issue with publishers like [NYT getting their news articles marked as political advertising](https://www.nytimes.com/2018/06/14/business/media/mark-thompson-facebook-algorithm.html)
The point is that the 16 year old's story that was the first big accusation outlines exactly the same behavior. How would that accusers know the behavior pattern if they were making it up?
Dude the allegations are from underage girls too and follow the same exact behavioral patterns.
Age of consent doesn't make child pornography legal.
Yeah I mean if he hooked up with an 18 year old I wouldn't give a shit. When he regularly is trying to pick up teenagers on the internet it's creepy and socially unacceptable.
I didn't say trying to. There are situations in which he could not know a girls age and meet them and hook up with them. Once you start targeting them online, it's weird.
But his behavior still led to him soliciting pictures from underage girls. Take a step back for a minute. Would you re-evaluate your life if you realized your decisions led you to asking multiple underage girls for pictures online?
But in actuality what it does is bring on additional charges for human nature, rather than change human nature. So it doesn't make sense.
Literally the first person who started this. He said "send me a pic" to her when she was 16. If your life decisions end up with you sending that text to a 16 year old, you made poor decisions.
Why not keep the spread out, smaller voting places as well as increase mail-in though?
TBF, them being democratic doesn't mean anything. There is a black candidate that is gaming steam on an establishment democrat, so that could very be motivation for the gov. Not saying it is, but your point doesn't really refute that they could be targeting black areas.
There are certain beliefs that people may hold that cross a line though. If you're friends with a Nazi, then you are ok with Nazis and normalizing Nazi ideals. Functionally, you are supporting nazism.
No body said literally to not vote, don't get upset because you don't understand idioms. They said that a vote for green is the same thing as not voting. It's means you are neutral on Trump and the issues facing our country.
&gt;And before the straw man comes out to play, I am not saying that Nazism and Communism are the same. They are very different, but I view them as both being disgusting horrible ideologies. Ok, lets cut through the bullshit then. Would you be friends with a Nazi?
No, honestly fuck off with the ad hom. You're not going to win an argument by trying to insult my intelligence because for some reason you think you're an authority on this subject. Imagine it this way. If you were out with 5 white guys and 1 black guy, and one of the white guys starts making racist jokes, do you let it slide? I'd really hope not. Now imagine that black guy isn't there. Are you going to say something? The guy isn't any more or less racist in either situation. If you tolerate your friend saying racist shit to a black friend's face, you're obviously racist. So why are you somehow not racist if you tolerate it when your black friend isn't there? Tolerating racism is racist. It's pretty cut and dry. Solving racism doesn't mean making no people racist. It means breaking down the societal structures that support racism, and taking power from racist people. The collective people have the power, so if people collectively decide to solve racism literally today we could. The people who are neutral just have comfortable lives due to opportunities granted to them through racist societal structure. They are actively benefitting off their neutrality to racism.
It does mess with their ability to plan though.
Dude, [people still successfully steal priceless art from museums.](https://www.nytimes.com/2020/05/27/arts/design/van-gogh-stolen.html) That somebody who really wanted to get in there could is easily imaginable at most places.
&gt; or a racist asshole who is able to seal team six their way past security. My point is that most of the time, all it takes is an orange vest and a clipboard to get anywhere. At the end of the day, the security there is still a bunch of minimally trained people getting paid like $20/hour tops. If you read the link I posted, a kid literally broke the glass at the museum, walked in off the street, and stole a van gogh. He wasn't seal team 6 and stole something worth probably all the cars put together.
Did you read the article I posted? A kid literally smash and grabbed a van gogh in amsterdam. Smashed a window, grabbed the painting, walked out, all in jeans and sneakers. It's MUCH MUCH easier to do this stuff than most people think. Hell, I drunkenly got into the locker room of one of my favorite professional sports teams after the game, got a bunch of autographs, and walked out. It's just that the potential cost of getting caught is way too high to make it worth it for a lot of things.
I mean, this is your theory but do you have anything to back it up in practice or even statistics? Just look at the last election. Almost all far left candidates that got nominated lost when trying to unseat repubs, while more centrist candidates led the blue wave.
&gt;There are currently more members of the progressive caucus (98 members in 2018 vs. 78 in 2016) in the house than there has been since it was founded 30 years ago. The 2018 midterms do in fact point towards progressive populist candidates gaining momentum. Was this from new progressives unseating republicans or from more progressive candidates winning in already democrat-voting areas.
I think the idea of the question is that if you are a likely voter, and the election is held today, you have to pick someone. You can't be undecided when you're physically filling out the bubble, and this poll was meant to mimic that.
If you ever wonder what white privilege is, please look at the comment you just wrote. Your thought process shouldn't be that. It should be "Central Park is an amazing place, but be that as it may, black neighborhoods should not be strategically torn down to make way for the entertainment and enjoyment of white people."
I wonder why you think this is people crying wolf and not people having such racism their entire lives that they believed these to be hate crimes.
Dude nah. I'm white and that's literally not what was being argued in this case at all. Nobody said all white people did this. For the wider topic of discussion, what people are saying is that white privilege exists and we've set up a system where when all else is equal, a person will have a much easier life if they are white than if they are black. There is a difference between all white people being racist and all white people benefitting from racism. BTW demanding an apology for "the white community" makes me think you're racist. Saying shit like that sounds racist. You may deep down in your soul feel that you are not, and truly believe it, but you outwardly look it to everyone.
Well if you go back to 2012, 98.25% of voters voted for the top 2 candidates and in 2008 98.58% did. Considering no major 3rd party candidates being talked about and a much more polarized country/election, I wouldn't be shocked if very close to 100% of those polled chose Biden or Trump.
Are...are you arguing that systemic racism doesn't exist?
I swear like 1 person in this comment section read the article. This is about advertisers boycotting, not users.
EU has already done that. They're considering opening up borders to people OTHER than americas because of how shit our response has been.
I love this logo, but the 5 finger pawprint is my all time jam just because of how stupid it is that it exists.
Way to oversimplify it beyond belief. Population density is a massive factor in speed of spread and NYC is ~1/1000 the size of texas with ~1/3 the population. NYC has a ~20% infection rate and herd immunity won't kick in until 60%, so suggesting it "peaked" and can't go back up is a complete misunderstanding of how this works.
I mean, NYPD strangled Eric Garner to death when they didn't even need to arrest him, and then didn't even fire the officer that did it for 5 years.
The % of those being tested that have tested positive are quickly raising in Texas, so it's not just testing availability.
The Rodney King riots weren't just in LA either, they were all around the country.
Actually no, considering the largest protests were in areas that aren't seeing spikes. There's also [this recent paper](https://www.nber.org/papers/w27408.pdf) from the National Bureau of Economic Research, stating that they "find no evidence that urban protests reignited COVID-19 case growth during the more than three weeks following protest onset."
Why do you assume they are saving money? Companies advertise because it makes them more money than they spend.
[It's almost like that happens in literally every single economic recession...](https://www.reuters.com/article/us-usa-economy-crime/u-s-recession-fuels-crime-rise-police-chiefs-say-idUSTRE50Q6FR20090127)
I think this case specifically is an amazing opportunity to shape narrative though. I realize people are very polarized right now, but this case a chance to make some voting cohorts (such as military wives) consider staying home.
&gt; Does being oppressed by the police cause people to commit violent crimes? Yes. It enforces poverty, which is highly correlated with violent crime. But what that person is saying is that white people are less likely to be stopped, investigated, and charged with crimes and they can afford better attorneys if they are. So obviously those numbers are going to be bias when the system enforces that bias.
Define "pro white"
define "pro white"
Yes, and the system is cycle. If people feel as though they need to turn to violence to survive, others will plan to defend themselves. This leads to teenagers in urban areas carrying guns, which then gets them arrested, into the system, and the cycle continues.
Cool, so you'd rather be worse? Because those are currently the 2 options. Adopt or perish.
So the way to get more votes is to shed people?
