this was very interesting..... great post
hot!!
You are a beautiful woman
Kroger and Tom Thumb is where its at....
Those are sexy
The new Oklahoma Sooners "horns down" replacement
Asking the real questions
40+ here.... i dont qualify as a "boy" but every other month I head to Winstar... ill think of ya =)
She's sexy
"married in a post" *RebelPosting* . . . . yeah I got bummped from there a long ass time ago
"A woman will know within 2 minutes of meeting you whether she's gonna fuck you or not..." - Chris Rock "...She be like 'I'm gonna fuck him, he better not say anything stupid' . . men, if you say anything stupid them panties come up really quick"
I would think any bar in NY
Practically any bar in the North Dallas/DFW area is going to be a fun time. Sucks you are in NY. Just know, that I would approach you for some food, fun and foolery. =)
That back arch/curve .. . what's that called? subreddit?
First off, you didn't get rejected at all . . you didn't get a chance to bat. So why are you taking the loss so hard. What I am saying is that, It's not like you were on the verge of getting laid and you said or did something that made her panties come up quick and leave . . see THAT is a rejection. All you got was a bunch of "I don't care for playing". So there was no game, no loss. Manage your expectations. Let's say it's your first time to set up to bat, you have never batted before, so you are are up to bat and you EXPECT to hit a homerun? Set your expectations. I'm not saying, you can't, it can happen - but lets be realistic. Also, clubs are the worst place to meet women. Bars, coffee shops, etc.. Rejection just means you are not what they were looking for and THAT is okay - nothing wrong with a woman saying "you aren't my type" or "no" because you don't waste your time and energy on her and you can move on to the next. Don't be sad, don't be depressed. Work on your game and set some smaller goals.
I guess what I am saying is ehy are you choosing guys who dont know this. If he does this, that is your fault for giving him the opportunity to do this. You gave him CONSENT to the opportunity
sexy
perfect
dat ass
Neither did I.... but there are those who talk ABOUT women and those who talk TO women.... takes practice but you never forget how
fuck yes!
Damn.... i know that feeling but from the roles reversed.. me being male
Dont go to r/adultery then
*hugs*
I drop the "wtf... its not suppose to be like this..." thoughts all the time
Sounds pretty SkyNet to me
Would marry.... shes so perfect... fuck
Shes beautiful
Southbound Pachyderm
Everything you ask for I do to my wife and I still get turned down. My APs are so happy to be recipients of my passionate intimacy.... that acceptance brings me so much joy and reverance as a man that its justified just to keep my sanity.
Yup....the holiday season is allocated for the family
better not cum in her
Ancient Aliens
*HighFive*
I luv her
No sex under the tree?
That's so sad
Its about chemistry, sensuality and friendship for me..... those nurture trust and adventure....
No I'm saying for the youngsters out there . . . there was a time when a TD celebration from the other team as broken up.
Very nice
Doesn't your hubby know that's what DVRs were created for?
...yeah . .but that gets old.
*Hugs* =)
. . yours . . or the women YOU CHOOSE . . .(See what I did there)
Meet me half way.... Vegas! =)
I freaking luv her
Gloves. In fact, I always have a few male and female gloves wrapped as my life saver presents in case someone gives me a present and i didnt get them anything.
Simply sexy
Ohhh.... explain
Still perfect
Hot!
You pursued him thinking he was attainable and that is morally wrong for him to out that hope in your heart... even us married bastards have honor and tell you up front "... im married, but im open to fun...." and that puts the onus on you. You make that choice to pursue or not. What's screwing you up is the accessibility.... never at work hon.
Sounds like you got the holiday blues
Now you know the truth. If its any consolation, I dated a girl who didnt tell me she had a boyfriend and we had chemistry and a great time.... but that's all it was, nothing more. Ripped my heart out but... women can be just as sneaky and misleading. *hugs*
I said ok....
Awesome album
Yeah.... do not search for that video.....
Oh very nice
Absolutely beautiful
Yo bitch... i posted a link and the mods removed it claiming spam... ao fucking slow your roll
Happy Cake Day
so so hot
Very sexy
Putting on your oxygen mask first before helping others put theirs on.... if you are on a flight that loses cabin pressure
https://m.imgur.com/5xM7R
https://m.imgur.com/5xM7R
Wow....thats a sweet ass
Top Shelf
Come on... without him you wouldnt have had ".... when Mozart sits down to paint....."
so beautiful
Gonzales Market sausages are the best!!!
Fivehead
Very sexy
Top shelf
love sexy toes
You don't know how "ho's" and "hoodrats" work do you?
Without a doubt.... beautiful... sexy.... yes 1000 times yes
hell yes
Fuck. I just re-read that. Sorry. So what da fuck happened... you scared to aint man enough to fuck yet?... dont be scared
Women who do this is known..... but i dont understand men doing this..... crazy. I give women attention they need... I appreciate an excited frisky woman
Oh shit..... for me "Love the Coopers".... [This scene] (https://youtu.be/SELFeneZL04) and [this scene] (https://youtu.be/DECt9uTxaLE).... long distance pen pal for over 12 years... lots of life moment, naughty talk, etc.... we had great online chemistry.... then her hubby went on a hunting trip with his buddies and so we decided to meet up for the 4 wonderful days. The best and worst thing is we were exactly like we were online. Without a doubt we loved each other. During our visit we went to see "We are the Coopers" and held hands, shared popcorn, and enjoyed our moment and time together at our movie date. Under different circumstances, we would be together but we got to share our life together for that time and i feel no guilt at all, in fact proud that we were both bold and brave enough to do it.
when she puts her hands on mouth.... thats the green light to go balls deep and own it
We finally solidified our friendship and love. We had to break contact because she wanted to "focus on her marriage". I respected that and we talk every now and then.... but we shared so much those days. Without a doubt I still love her.
you are gorgeous hon
Hermana y Scorpio..... aye dios mio....
You act like thats a bad thing
if the nickname for your ass is "Monday" then yes!
uh sure.... you know in Mexico swap meets they sell sodas in plastic bags
Woah... where was that stated. I'm a scorpio but I would not dare act childish like that. Not all of us act that way.
Wiyhout a doubt we are vengeful fuckers.... we forgive but dont forget..... and sure we are naughtiest of the naughty..... passionate where we burn twice as hot but burn out quick.... but never ever use kiddos as pawns. Again, sounds like he's being a bit childish.
Dirkie/Lost in the Desert.... the ending of Sleepaway Camp..... and the Exorcist
.... and now she loves you.
Beautiful
Damn shes perfect
Good wife
Tread lightly
I have had a few APs who had a daddy fantasy. I didnt understand it, I found it wierd but she got off on it hard and I make no judgement for we all have our kinks and my job is comfort and joy.... not analyzing her past. At least you know the source and reason....
Know who you are, your skill set, your personality, work ethic. This will find the right position for you. There is nothing wrong in not getting a job because you were not the right fit. I was always upset i didnt get a job and kept wondering "did i say something wrong?", "Maybe im not good enough?" and it really screwed with my confidence until one of my more established professional friends told me "dont take it personal, you just weren't a right fit, they didn't say you weren't smart, they didn't like you.... trust me, you dont want to be at a job you are not happy at.... and that's often because you took a job not fit for you"
yup
me too.... wonder if she knows how many fans she has.... her and Anne Faithful
sexy sexy
Well hello there.... damn you look sexy as hell
stunning.... you are definitely one gorgeous woman
Lets ask Joe Rogan
Flying reindeers is where this comes from.... thats your Christmas tie in there
Every Easter
fuck
Looks like an Austin gal
damn
I'm guessing.... i have a sense.... im curious if i am right... if i am i'll tell ya my theory
..... but i could be wrong
Partying!
what ever happened to this gorgeous woman
Stop saying lul.... and find some more friends. Serious, friends that are single who like to go do shit increases your chance of meeting more people who are single.... clean slate at every new place
Please dont forget work experience....just letting ya know.... even if it has to be volunteer work
Calhoun can hit.... play him
Wow! So sexy!
Allen Tx?
"I drove him home..." uh....
Sweet chocolate
Wow... very sexy!
yeah.... me too
aye amor!
THAT is amazingly beautiful !
You are still freaking hot
absolutely
Would wife
so sexy
r/godpussy
Hawt!!
Gorgeous toes play a part in the complete package of sexy heels worn by a woman . . . now hopefully you don't walk in them like a flamingo on roller skates. =)
You can't get any more perfect than that
Fuck all that stuff . . it's really simple. If she smiles when she's around you, that means she's happy. Be the one that puts a smile on her face and that's all you can do really. . . . now . .what makes a particular woman smile, various from woman to woman . . that's the kicker.
Do we not have an I-formation play for goal line scores? Maybe put a defensive lineman in the fullback role?
*swoon*
Oh dear..... so sexy
Very hot.... need to see more
"Oh Buffalo gal wontcha cime out tonight.... " I got a vape
Oh like . . Fuck Dak! (for not throwing away the ball and losing 5 yards that cost the team a shot at a field goal . . . )
Elegant and sexy !
Heels on always..... im not complaining
Goodness
".... Potter's not selling.... Potter's buying!" (one of my favorite movies)
not sure why you are being downvoted.... my sentiments exactly
St. Nicolas was real
"... not right now you don't..."
Oh very sweet
Rotisserie chicken by record player is the best dinner!
"... and thats another thing where do you get of calling me Nick?!"
Very sexy!
What is the IC in DallasIC stand for ?
Lucky man
Perfect indeed
Absolutely sexy!
There is no god.... but there is God!
Theres nothing wrong enjoying someones company. You haven't done anything wrong. Enjoy the ride. Find out how much "fun" she really wants
Hell yes
Same here... love my wife... love my family but i'm a scorpio who loves to be adventurous and naughty..... I enjoy being that fun safe descreet AP for wives that want ti have fun, passionate fun with no judgement. For our time together, we belong to each other so we both can share and taste fantasies and intimacy that our spouses have no interest in participating in.
Could it be you squeezed out all you could from your LTA... and so you are ready to go back. Sorta like visiting Vegas for a weekend..... it was fun, i'm done
Fair enough... but you know what you were getting.... which is Norm talking sports..... so why is everyone bent out of shape
First off.... no one from Fort Worth would ever misspell Fort Worth.... good luck in FuNKY ToWn
That's a beautiful mom ass !
Wow... yeah i'd come undone...
Your wife is hongry!
Does she smile?
that's a sexy look
Thank you for that wonderful image
"When you fail to plan, you plan to fail". Congratulations on merely having the strong conviction of what you want.
"taking a risk" and "being careless" are two extremely different things
"... is it me you're lookin for? " - Lionel Richie
"Jeremy spoke in...."
What is this experiment called and where can i find more info
oh fuck, oh my God
Yeah... pineapple was a r/trees thing
You need to find a new activity that requires your entire focus so any attempts to think about your AP cannot wedge itself in your mind.
this
Thats easy.... just make sure you find a lover who's hand doesn't shake when he slides it under her shirt.... thats what i bring
Such a wonderful wife
Fuck yes... resting on my shoulders.... digging in my lower back...
First Playboy I ever saw was the Crissy one
She got pregnant on purpose to find out where they stand...
that ia a beautiful woman
*Ooof*
No kidding, he was a great player and teammate. Have no idea why
No way... not buying that.
Event Horizon.... not the sci-fi I was expecting
Where in Texas carino?
Jackpot
I wanna see
She is top shelf
I know... just not buying this one... i could be wrong
Please make it happen.... Bob's already riding Dak's dick where no one can say anything critical about our beloved quarterback
"obviously..."
Toe point acceptance.....
Be Happy. No one can ever fault you for wanting that.
How so?
You dont think that doesn't happen with Baptist, Jehovah Witness, Jewish, etc? Just curious why Catholics were singled out.... we all fall short.... we are all weak....
I agree
BOTH . . but I'm an American working for a British company that was sold to an Indian company. I also was an American programmer working for an American company that moved it's development to India because it was cheaper and had the honor of training my replacement and if I didn't I wouldn't get any severance.
The Gospel of Antonio Romero
Nope
Bobby Carpenter
sexy af
Couldn't have said it more better
Nice
This is my thang (Side note, I watch "The Night of the Meek" episode on Christmas Eve too)
Then thats not truly a party...
damn thats a beautiful pussy
beautiful
P.... PUNT
She's hot
I need release.... STAT!
No begging.... show her or not....
Killing me with ass!
THIS right here is the flaw i yhe system. Its like when CEOs or Upper Management get their golden parachute money for a dying company. There is no accountability held to those who allowed this to happen. They should be held accountable for their actions.
You are so sexy hon.... perfect pale skin too... damn
Wow... both are gorgeous
fuck yes
Fuck yes
Mmmm Asian..... when I was at UTA... damn they were fun
I just want some bud....
Natalia Lafourcade - Hasta La Raiz
shes so hot
This right here is the crime..... that dumb ass bitch was teaching and molding young minds
aye amor
hot.... very hot
I agree
Would wife
Damn hon.... so wonderful
Absolutely beautiful.... where in Austin?
hell yes
This is art
I do.... its my damn kryptonite
im ok with this
Top Shelf
Not a big fan of the spit thing....not sure why its a kink
so hot
hot
Fuck you are sexy....so much so my hatreds for the Patriots was pushed aside
Hell yes
so sexy hot.... fuck
Awesome... I would love to look your gorgeous eyes whilr i slip my cock in your sweet ass
hot
I've been a bull for a few hotwife couples. The wife has her tubes tied but its still so intense when the wife lays back on hubby and he holds her legs back and offers her pussy to me... and after a while you hear "... be a good wife... let him impregnate you honey.... its okay... i love you"... then when he kisses her hard.... and she's moaning in his mouth letting him know i'm seeding his wife...... Mmmm
you look good hon
wow... absolutely sexy as hell
Wow... she is beautiful
Would wife
Wow... i finally got to see your face.... you are so beautiful hon
DFW has a few
i wouldn't cancel
fuck you are hot
damn
Well im pretty blunt and honest when talking about sex.... so its a way to see if she can handle my personality... its not vuglar in fact I have the upmost respect if we can have open conversations about sex. If that is offensive, then we probably are not going to be a match especially when we start to explore more adventurous activities that require direct open clear conversation. But this is OK! There are women who won't kiss on the first date and there are women who will do anal on the first date. Just simply say "im not ready for this or we are not compatible - thanks" and move on.
the heels are sexy... but damn... those beautiful white legs....
Fuck you are hot
so wonderful
Pale skinned thicc curvy women who wear heels are this Mexican's kryptonite and would get a "mamacita" shout out. Its a compliment really just letting you know what you are doing is working. =)
The jealous part stems from the fact that another man can pleasure your wife jast as good or better so the hubby kinda feels insignificant..... however, its important that you let your hubby know you love him. He's going to have to learn that the sex part is different frim the love part. It is difficult but I always speak with the hubby, man to man to express I am there to be a tool for his wife's pleasure and assure him I am not there to take her love away from him and if at anytime he feels uncomfortable that he let me know so they can discuss. In many cases just bring mature about it his concerns calms hubby down and give me the green light. But its natural to get jealous.
So wonderful
There is no way.... you are beautiful and sexy curvy
That is a beautiful ass!!
Well my ex-gf ruined me. She knew I had this thing for a woman in heels. So my birthday present was her in bed wearing only sexy black strappy heels. Needless to say I was hard as a rock. To show my appreciation I ate her pussy so good to let her know how much I appreciated her supporting my kink. Then when we were going at it she broke our kiss and told me "... don't make love to me.... I don't want that... when I wear these heels for you I want you to fuck me.... use me...." So now when i see a woman in heels, that scene runs through my mind... but its the woman wearing the heels saying it to me.
I grew up poor.... i know this feeling. Women hate it when you are poor but if you know how to fuck and eat pussy.... she'll find you
Fully loaded..... but I know a "bad" wife is merely a misunderstood "good" woman =)
So when many women complain "my husband doesn't understand me"... I instantly go to the thought of "he's not giving her what she needs".... I've yet to be wrong
"I love how you make me feel...." is the expressive but not too overwhelming way of saying the same
What were they doing on this second date though? =)
Aye amor.... i would so make that happen for you
Shout out for being in touch with who you are and what pleases you.... that is sexy in itself
There's nore there. Its a kink or something she hasn't shared with you that makes he cum harder with blacks. Im a fan of pale skinned thick redheads - its my kryptonite so maybe black cock is hers.
Oh my...
Its some hip liberal Lati o thing youngster jumped on..... think of The Malcolm X "awareness" of the early 90's....its a fad
Uhhhhh.... Jessica, I'm sorry you had to see that
She's having regrets getting back at her parents.... it wasn't worth it.
So beautiful
indeed
sober or drunk..... I'd buy you a fish sandwich
so hot
Damn you.... so sexy
You could have easily asked someone "hey, i didn't know it was BYOB, can a buy a beer from you"..... if he's a Texan he'll give you one and tell you "...oh hell yeah, nah hold your money..."
Its good for the atmosphere and all
Uh.... she fine
Someones kid plays baseball
ripe to bear fruit
So you are looking for a new relationship not just sex
Love that ass
okay.... you are amazingly sexy and beautiful
Sounds like that was no fun..... count your losses and move on
She killed her husband though
ok
No doubt
I wish i was there to help you out
"lover" is thrown around too
Hell yes..... fuck I love milfs in heels
Damn hon you are gorgeous
lucky man
she's doing it right
Hell yes... Dallas checking in
Wow.... very sexy
fuck yeah
so hot
nice!
oh hell yeah.... would love to
can't blame you for wanting to be happy
fuck.... wow
Gotta be man enough to do it.... and I love doing it
"... never die, just multiply..." (colors)
beautiful woman
This is freaking art.... i admire it and it puts a smile on my face
Oh my... looks scrumptious
I would.... very much so
hell yes... and if she does it right.... i'll clean up that bathroom too
"... finders KEEPers... loser WEEPers... gobble gobble gobble....
Pop.... goes the Weasel
his name is Goose, Maverick
i like.... sooo much
I would be honored =)
A little give and take makes for a fine relationship
Nice try Hope Solo
kids know when you are happy and apparently you flash your smile most around you AP.... its that easy really
Marijuana is legal there tho.....
would wife
Perfect
ive followed you and this is the first time i heard your voice.... you are so damn sexy
Austin?
so hot
I don't blame him
... or resting my shoulders
That's not a good morning.... that's a GREAT morning
Gorgeous woman in sexy fuck me heels is always perfect
Eyes so beautiful i didn't notice you were naked..... well now i am
Oh my
Big money brings you big power which brings an obsessed cult like following because of the power and blindly approving their actions as a sign of submissive worship
She's purdy
Oh my
Wow she's beautiful
Wow... beautiful
lucky man
Gorgeous
10k is saving this cringe....
That sucks.
damn it
yum
Sensual Stank (tm)
Good for you. Not everyone on Kik is bad (im on kik) but its like shopping for a car, if you are in need of transportation then any sorry as car will do and the salesman has strong leverage... but if you are willing to walk away thats when you have the leverage. Having options grants you the power of choice and that allows you to have what you want. Good for you on owning it *hugs*
Yeah but no one goes to Hooters for the wings except Craig Wright
No.
I cried when I ran/jogged 1 mile without stopping.... I know this feeling. Good for you.... you will find when you are you own best friend, good things happen.
http://chano8.com/33422-2/
DFW is prime stomping grounds for us good bulls...
perfectly hot
I'll make it clear... he wants to fuck you
would wife
Sexy.... now is it "damn hot wife" or "damn hotwife"
Very sexy
She's beautiful
Simply beautiful
she is hot
Uh, I beg to differ.
so sexy
There are some of us who get pleasure giving pleasure.... so I eat, lick and suck until she can't take anymore. I just want her to feel beautiful, sexy and drunk with orgasms.
Proper context.... actually i thought you were gonna argue that Eskimo was a racist term
Absolutely sexy
Curvy woman squatting in heels is soooo fucking hot
You forgot the part where you have tears in your eyes and he tells you to kiss him.... and as your lips quiver... you realize your reluctant kiss of acceptance morphs into a kiss of appreciation.... (this is an intense role play fantasy I have done with a few playful wives)
hell yes
fuck.... so sexy with them red toes too
Top shelf sexy
Yes they do. Also they had WWE Raw events there and other things....
Don't give strangers that much power over you and your feelings. Im gonna be tough here but that's your fault and your choice for caring what they think. "Only listen to those who protect your heart as much as you do" This best advice I ever got and I'm sharing it with you.
balls deep touch
Wonderful wife...
now THAT was funny..... (cause its probably true)
Had friends who were swingers.... they would play with a couple they were familiar with.... my buddy tells his wife "don't love you no more"...other couple divorced..... buddy and divorced wife got married.... had a kid and are happy. Just letting you know what may happen
Tell them we're gonna be late
why not both?
I get what you are saying....you can't fix ugly in the inside dressing it up pretty on the outside
Perfect.. i wonder how much stuff has she had done
Sweet
I want you to wear the stethascope so you can hear my heart race when you show me..... then I get to wear them to herat your heart race when i pinch and suck it.... (yeah, ive done this nurse fantasy with a few ladies before)
There is a kink called reverse colonization.... it falls in line with bbc fantasy which has its roots (no pun intended) from the slavery reversal.... black slaves... now white women are slaves to black cock..... well same of us brown boys... you colonized and stole our land, now its our turn to colonize and steal your family tree...immigrant cock is the new kink
she's not jerking you off.... she's just trying to hold on
after church fucking is beautiful
don't get too tan either *wink*
Gorgeous smile hon
anklet completes this sexy pic
squatting balance in heels is sexy
she's hot
I love making a wife whimper.... its the joyous song of accepted pleasure
Women are jerks too now.
sexy toe point too.... fuck yes
dry dock
Yup. Every AP I have had is very special to me and very much a part of my life
She's so bat shit crazy hot
rewinding the collapsing building video
hawt!
sensually beautiful
don't care.... still would
so sexy
wow hon
Still would eat dat fake booty
Still love her
yes.. yes.. hell yes
Thats how you own her
good article
The moment she remembered she left the iron on...
oh hell yes..... you are amazing!
Satan couldn't resist huh
I'm scared but my weenie is shaking happy!
because many are posers who don't understand or respect the game....
lucky husband
fucking gorgeous woman.... I too would wife
Hello sweet Texas ass
i luv her
get in line
She fucked up that beautiful body with all them tattoos
damn hon... you fiiine
r/fellowkids
dat starfish booty hole
that gorgeous woman... fuck
beautifully scary...
She purrrdy
i luv her
I luv your body
she is cute.... would ask if she would like a fish sandwich
sexy
yes... i like
hi
I would.. i so fucked up way if there was something i couldn't give her and she needed/wanted... then in a gesture of "unselfish love" I would allow her to savor what makes her happy...
Lenny
".... not right now you don't..."
Purity being naughty
Damn hon.... sexy
Damn I'd wife you
sexy
I love Krissy Lynn
so damn sexy
hawt
Gorgeous
She's sexy
Mine too !
DAMN . .you lucky fucker
City Slickers
DAMN hon . . I would love to give you bday present sex
VIP at BET gets to DP....
Many comments here are confusing hotwife and cuckold.
So thick and hot !
you are the perfect herls model
so sexy
Poor hon... she was so sexy.... thrn that meth monster got her
https://nypost.com/2019/08/22/ex-porn-star-jenni-lee-found-living-in-las-vegas-homeless-tunnel/
Perfect
sexy
hot
So sexy
Sexy . .but the anklet sets it off
I think you enjoy reminding us . . . doesn't matter tho. =)
Okay !!!
When I flirt with a married woman . .she always shows off her ring and says "..I'm married" only to see if that first "roadblock" will stop you. All married women love the fact that even married, they are found attractive. I have no problem giving a married woman a compliment. =)
Very sexy !
That's sexy hon
Very sexy !
Hottest mommy ever
Do that on a burger - people will love you.
She's sexy.... let her know I said so
I'd rip it off.... worth the rebuy =)
i still love her
Don't laff, one of the best first dates I ever had was where we went to various Goodwills, Salvation Armys and other resale shops to try on crazy hats, old jackets, t-shirts, stuff like that . . . plus you can learn a lot like "my uncle has one of these" . . or "my mom absolutely hates troll dolls" . . lots a good conversation starters
No... thank you darling =)
Oh yes
This is probably one of the best pictures I ever seen of her.
That's a very nice mix.
Meh . . until she smacked her on ass hard . . . that's when I fell in love with her.
Meh-hee-kah-kneez =)
r/godpussy
Damn hon . . you are perfect !
Definitely getting seeded
...."then I kicked her in the pussy"
Joyous parts of your life that your SO aren't part will go the grave with us all
Sexy Queen of Spades
Perfect
Well . . let's drive you wild
My love . . I still find her beautiful
I fucking love this woman
You ain't see Apocalypse Now?
so sexy hot
MY GOD !!! Holy shit hon . . that's like top shelf ASS !
He said thanks for "punishing" (as in fucking with no mercy) that ass for our (visual) pleasure and arousal
well does she?
Absolutely wonderful !
I . . love . .this . .woman . . she's amazingly awesome!
WOW
She's fucking hot
Ease of Use vs. Security - Forever foes
Fiesta supermarket . . . Oak Cliff (Dallas), Texas. Probably also got triggered when she was in the 15 items or less lane and has more.
Oak Cliff (Dallas), TX
Fuck she's thick and hot
Absolutely !
absolutely sexy
