Something with "Dynamo".
Eh, I tried it out recently and it was still the same old, poor performance included. Ultimately it still feels less interesting and is definitely slower than the original Basketball once... Which in on itself isn't amazing.
&gt;Rookie player wasn't amazing god-carry on a crappy team (with probably very lacking support staff) full of rookies And y'all decide that he must be shit... Give him at least a Split, dummies...
Would love it if the ADC/Marksman role was fixed; however, I think there are quite a few more issues in play within the entire game system that prevent it from being an easy fix - especially since (normal) ADCs can still be a nightmare when they get their full builds. Not to say that it can't be fixed; however, in my eyes, Riot has been too passive and short-sighted - they could have fixed the ADC &amp; Crit/Item-Gold-Stats/Snowballing/Role Power Distribution issues long ago...
They were teaming for a very short while, it was even referenced when they both entered the 2011 Royal Rumble. At the end of the day, Drew's and Cody's tag team was more impactful, lol.
I swear I read this about like 10 clubs in every league...
Except half of the CS (and tbh LCS) rosters will have a complete shuffle before the next Split, making any and all development (especially when combined with the poor economic state of the LCS) completely pointless. They might be solid now but I suspect another year in which not only the West but the entire LoL scene will just be treading in water.
It will slightly help the Pro Scene in terms of quality and diversity and I applaud and thank you guys for finally doing it. With that said, no, it won't really fix anything or, rather, bring any substantial changes; it might make a Series or two a bit more exciting but long-term we will still see the same Picks over and over again which will likely make people extremely bored of the LCS by the time it draws to a close (thus likely hurting viewer retention). In order to actually improve things... You need to fix the game itself (core systems like the Gold-Item-Stat trinity as well as Snowballing; Roles, mainly Tanks andADCs; really Champ Design across the board...). Of course, that is easier said than done... I have my own vision of how to achieve that and I am sure you do to - but I just hope you guys actually go about executing it. Sitting on your hands and accepting the Status Quo is the worst thing you could do. I say that because I think that Competitive Gameplay (and thus LoL E-Sports as a whole) can be (substantially) improved and I really wish for that to happen; I really believe that it can and, best yet, without hurting the Casual Gameplay itself. Good luck!
And read the newer piece of Lore where it is described how it is actually done. Seduction as a means of deception is implied, but not any sexual activity.
Ross McCormack Dominic Poleon
&gt;Nicalis and Edmund are probably at their creative wits end by now. How can that even be possible? Since the original BoI I've had an idea about floors or even entire "campaigns" with mythological settings (adapted to the BoI style/verse): Egyptian, Sumerian, Babylonian, Aztec, Incan, Greek/Roman, Celtic, Chinese... It's, like, such a basic idea that I am sure many have had - yet, it is also a *good* idea, too.
My personal "grand vision" for the game - which is focused on making Pro LoL more entertaining while also improving Casual LoL - includes combating snowballing by reducing Gold from Kills, Assists and Turrets and by drastically increasing passive Gold gain. It would, along with many other changes I have in mind, lead to shorter (but more action-packed) games on average where the amount of Players (Chams, Roles...) per Game that feel powerless and useless is drastically reduced. This, of course, includes making ADCs less of a "super-stressful, 0 margin for error feast or famine Role" and making them into a more balanced, steady and "evenly distributed" Role (in terms of Power). ... So, yeah, I agree with you!
EU does have a larger playerbase after all. The NA Ranked playerbase is a joke.
&gt;Just minimize or eliminate last hitting and shift the gold gain to passive gold or interactive items like support gold gen items. ... No. Not in the slightest. Don't go HotS on me, bro... &gt;I literally cannot fathom why something as unappealing as last hitting is still in the game. It's fun? That's why, lol. &gt;It also is so boring. It is like lane swaps. Yea there is some detailed strats for last hitting and contesting last hits but damn if it isnt boring to watch or do. ??? &gt;I'd rather have gold gen items or maybe even something similar to a keystone before game where you choose primary way to boost your gold gain. &gt;Gold Gain Keystones: &gt;Exponential Growth: You have terrible passive gold gain at the beginning but it grows to outstrip other gold gain methods by late game. &gt;Murderous Rampage: Your passive gold is increased every time you kill an enemy and you get more kill/assist gold! &gt;Farmers Union: You love PvE because minions slept with your mom! You get extra gold for last hitting and slight passive gold gains for each last hit. &gt;Silly shit like that could bring this game to a whole other level of tweaking the meta. I have definitely entertained the thought of pre-game Roles a la Dawngate; there is loads of potential there. However, yeah, no, no way would I go in this route you imply. --- Sorry to sound dismissive, but, yeah, your idea here is unfathomable to me and quite the opposite of what I envision (despite the shared trait of "more passive gold").
Yeah, I guess I just remembered incorrectly... He was likely just in the TI Open Qualifiers for teh lulz.
My issue with Poppy: * I dodge her Q (both times) * I avoid getting stunned by her E. * I step on her Buckler. Yet she still wins the fight! Just not O.K...
As well as you should. Oh and, duh, of course it is pleasant - she is literally eating a soul. Still doesn't make it sexual *nor* does it paint her as a sexual individual.
I mean, most of us watched Okada/Omega without any prior investment or understanding of the storyline. It was in-ring storytelling, charisma and psychology that made it great, *combined* with awesome wrestling on a technical level (variety, pacing, crispness, intensity...). So... I think talents like Styles and Zayn could easily have a match like that with minimal build-up. Further, I think that the WWE has plenty of wrestlers of that level.
... Why? I don't even like his Top 10 but they are great games.
Makes sense; though when it comes to these lists, it is usually people feeling insecure and wanting their choices to be validated.
Yeah and I don't like that, the CS:GO approach is better. The LoL approach? Oh, great, you get a simple set of leagues (or just one) to follow... You also get regular weekly regional/domestic competition... Finally, you get a steady seasonal schedule. O.K., those are the positives. Negatives? Repetitive, meaningless, boring matches... Drawn-out season... Teams confined to their own region... No actual Tournaments (aka the best thing ever)... West doomed to never be competitive... Specifically for LoL's case, the Tournaments we *do* have are a joke, so, it's just the (shit) cherry on top. Basically, the only thing the LCS approach is good for is for casual viewers that just want to watch and "follow" something... Personally I'd prefer the tennis approach... It's basically the CS:GO one but improved, since it is standardized and unified into one cohesive, year-round structure.
Too bad their format is crap and not at all like any actual league.
I don't see how I am an optimist/naive/dreamer because of presenting one very simple, straightforward and doable example concept; just because no one is doing it right now doesn't mean that it isn't doable - saying that is not being a realist, *that* is being delusional. Yeah, of course there is no proof of concept - they all suck and don't have the right intentions/approaches. PEA failed deservedly.
Hm, I don't think the front of the dress being torn up would make a big difference, no? Maybe if it was torn in its entirety, making a short skirt... But then you'd just be making an excuse to make her half naked, wouldn't really be a wedding gown anymore. Anywho, the upper-body is what I am more intrigued about. :P
Cool, but, I think that Garen would be a bit more buff. The shoulder pads are hilarious, but, accurate!
Ah, I see. Still, good job... You wizard, you.
Indeed, it definitely feels good to help - and I have also seen a few others do it, too.
I'm having a *whoosh* moment, what are you referring to?
He is supposed to be some dark force that inspires war and bloodshed. He really should have some support and/or ally-buffing abilities.
... *lucker noob*
Yeah I know of Tsunderes for sure - and especially because they are such a silly character trope does it surprise me that Yandere are apparently exclusively crazy and dangerous. There are a few more, since, you know, there is a name for everything.
None of what you said matters in the slightest. The vast majority of the games are completely "fair" when it comes to Runes, Masteries and Champion Pools, lol... Do you think brand new players play Ranked or something?
At least in DotA characters don't scale with stat sticks... At least in LoL you don't lose gold upon dying... Really, there are a lot of "BS" moments in both games. In general, however, LoL players do tend to ignore the amount of BS in their game when comparing it to DotA... Even when they otherwise whine about it.
* Can we change our Champion at any time? * Can we change our Masteries/Runes at any time? * Can we spawn additional dummy Champions at any time, freely choosing their Level, Items, Masteries and Runes? The last part is especially important. If it doesn't have these features, IMO, the tools are really lacking... Let's hope they get updated sooner rather than later.
Thanks, I guess it is indeed very specific. I'll look more into it, maybe on TvTropes.
Yeah yeah, keep on circlejerking. Actual logic and facts, who needs that? I've never spent a dime on the game and in the six fucking years I've been playing the game I've never been in any kind of competitive disadvantage. So: * Get your head out of your ass; * Try to use healthy logic; * Learn a thing or two about the subject matter before being a smartass about it.
Yeah, note how stuff like Black Cleaver, Ghostblade and Sterak's/Maw Builds, blatantly designed about making ADCs actually useful, proactive and fun in the Mid-Game, were quickly stamped out by Riot... As far as a solution goes, IMO, Crit should be completely removed as a "regular" Stat available in the game; there should be X or Y "Damage Multiplication" stats available, however, they should be exclusive to certain Items and Champions (Masteries? Summoner Spells? Roles a la Dawngate?), even better if only as Active Spells. Instead, ADCs design should focus them on: * Damage * AS * Auto-attack Modifiers (You know, making things like Wit's End primary ADC items). If anything, at the least, this could lead to a Rock-Papper-Scissors trinity of AMs - which is still better than "rush Crit in the most optimal way"... The Champions themselves could further be balanced into three categories: "Peak Early", "Peak Mid Game" and "Peak Late Game". Now, I have my own "grand vision" for LoL and this is just a part of it; thus my ideas here would be complemented and rounded-out by some other large changes. One potential one is one that I hinted earlier: Actual "Roles" selected prior to the game, a la Dawngate, giving you specific bonuses and penalties. This would allow for more elegant balancing, akin to what DotA now has with the Talent system (or, fuck it, Riot, just rip-off said Talent system). --- As an alternative/addition to all of this, I'd suggest simply making Melee/Ranged versions of the same Items: Why mess around with the balance of Yasuo/Trynd by, say, changing Infinity Edge when you don't have to? Simply make a Melee-only and Ranged-only version of the Item and balance them separately.
I replied to GoDyrusGo a bit above with my own thoughts, if you're interested. Reading what you two have been sharing has been quite cool, so, I was motivated.
Eh, dunno. Sometimes an ADC melts a Tank and sometimes they can't kill a Support.
Fairs points... But, yeah, conclusion is still the same - this is all kinda fucked.
&gt;First of all, calm the fuck down. No one is attacking you or personal life. Sorry, but, you're the one with the issues... Making random and unbased assumptions about others, suggesting that others need anger management issues and repeatedly using a very passive-aggressive "friendo". Yet, if we apply your own logic to your own behavior... Well, I said "fucking" and rightfully told you off; in your eyes, that makes me obviously *super-duper angry*, someone that needs to "calm down" and has anger-management issues. So, I am assuming that on-lookers should interpret your post as clear indication that you're a literal psychopath?
Interesting input, thanks. I was just going for the joke, tho, playing with the stereotype.
Oh O.K., no problem, thanks.
&gt;The most common thing people want is to convert crit to a simple multiplicative stat, eg. 20% CrC = 20% bonus damage. I made a thread a few years back on the forums and Morello responded saying they wouldn't take that approach because it's boring. Of course, Morello is gone so maybe that's changed by now. Hope so, since I wouldn't mind that solution at all... Screw boring, if it is functional, do it. &gt;Anyways, I like your idea more as well, something new, perhaps restricted to specific items. The problem is making that mechanic interesting, intuitive, and better than the current one. It's not easy in practice, although if we free Marksmen of the obligation to scale as hard as they currently do, then that gives more leeway on creativity. &gt;I like the idea of auto-attack modifiers. Removing Crit and adding AMs is really the point of the whole thing - Crit would be just another type of AM, albeit very rare and specific (so as to avoid it becoming dominant again). But, yeah, there are certainly a lot of interesting possibilities with AMs to hopefully make things easier to balance *and* add more flavor to the entire thing. &gt;re power spikes and early/mid/late I honestly think that you're right and, come to think of it, my overall vision for the game (involving a lot of other changes) would be complimented by your proposed direction... Namely, it involves basically making *everyone* viable at every time, reducing the disparity between early and late game Champions - mostly due to how I would adjust Gold income - so, yeah, in all honesty, your goal fits my better than the more rigid approach I suggested, given how difficult to execute that one is and how likely to produce binary results it would be. &gt;I never played Dawngate, so I don't know how this would play out. I like the theory of it though. The current mastery system is always struggling to find a way to accommodate everyone's identity without simultaneously breaking another role. It would be a lot easier for balance if you could pick a role after selecting your champion and access a role-specific mastery tree from there. You basically chose one of 4 Roles prior to the game starting, thus giving you specific bonuses - like bonus Gold for killing minions for one Role and bonus Gold for getting Kills for another. That, in combination with the game's Item system as well as the fact that you had 3 Summoner Spells that you selected once the game began (1 at Level 1 and the other two throughout the game), meant that there was a lot of versatility to be had - and a lot of specific balancing opportunities for the game. ... Yeah, it was awesome and in that sense had loads of potential. Riot aped things like Trinkets from Dawngate, but, really, they should have focused on... Everything else. Anywho, again, things like DotA'2 new Talents would work wonders for balancing and fine-tuning too. &gt;Also I would like to simplify the rune system. Have that written somewhere on one of Ghostcrawler's pages. I'd remove it in its entirety. It adds nothing to the game. ... Or I'd at least make it more fun, a la Dawngate's rune system. &gt;Definitely agree on this. Melee and Range has never been well balanced. Would prefer to see them just go melee specific or range specific on certain items. I think that would require however a rework akin to the Juggernaught one, since they are not modifying an existing role but creating an entirely new one, for melee ADCs. Maybe in S9 lol. Hm, partially yes, but it doesn't have to go that far. Like, what if they want to nerf IE in the very next patch? Literally just make it give different stats when a Melee Champion buys it and when a Ranged Champion buys it (and I guess make the effects switch when it comes to Champions that can change their range, not like it would matter much for IE specifically; maybe for stuff like Black Cleaver)... That way they can nerf ADCs without, say, nerfing Yasuo - or the other way around. Similarly, I'd maybe even think about making different versions of certain Items for Manaless Champions, to help solve some power issues.
Comments seem positive but I reckon Pope/Matthews are still announcing so I am not really willing to tune in. :X
Yeah, exactly. This is literally not even a controversy or anything, just a simple case of someone going "hey, I am personally not a fan of this chance. Does anyone want to discuss it?". I think it is a combination of two things: People being close-minded about the opinions of others *and* thinking that others can't possibly have that opinion and thus thinking that it is forced contrarian behavior.
That's rude... Not sure what else to say to such pointless malice.
&gt;If they removed crit, they could replace fervor with a mastery that gives a fairly high chance for autos to crit. I really don't know tbh and I'd probably just go down the "amplify damage by X%" route, although I'd still make it limited. &gt;I really like the auto modifier idea, which basically would make on-hit items core for adcs. Which is extremely fitting, really. Indeed, these Items feel a bit out of place most of the time anyway; so adapt them to your primary AA-based role! &gt;Wit's End could replace Maw, Nashor's could be core on Ez and Corki, and Bortk would be the tank busting item. Rageblade could be interesting for hybrid adcs, and even Duskblade would fit for Twitch and Jhin. And that is just with current Items! If an overhaul was to be done, it would surely be even better with more options available. &gt;The only problem with that is those all have attack speed, so stacking on-hit would cap you without rebalancing, but those items want a lot of attack speed to make them strong individually. Well, I think for most players "attack fast/a lot" is the power fantasy when it comes to ADCs (and for someone like me, all Champs :P), so it is the correct route to go down. &gt;The other issue is that Nashor is AP and the only other item that gives cdr and on-hit is triforce, which they made more of a bruiser item. And, yeah, rebalancing and redesign of the existing Items, as well as introducing new ones, would be the way to go. --- Here is a fun sub-idea: What if a totally new type of "ADC Tree" Item was introduced, a la the Smite Items? Basically, you'd have a Core "AS + Modifier" Item that you would then take in different directions (including existing items like Wit's End, Nashor's and BotrK), depending on your situation. Oh, further: What if this whole Attack Modifier deal was taken to a next level and you had the opportunity to combine two specific ones to create a third new one? So, basically, there'd be loads of "Tier 2" Attack Modifiers that could be combined into a few special "Tier 1" ones.
Well, O.K., Test died in 2009, likely due to a long time of abusing steroids. Nevertheless, he was talented and could have been a solid upper-midcarder; however, that angle did kinda hurt him... Forever.
Well the Z Fighters at the time were completely lacking in Ki relative to Broly, thus basically being unable to damage them. Super Perfect Cell doesn't have as much Ki as Broly, but, he should still be a far better fighter while being quite a ways more powerful than any of the Z Fighters from when they fought against Broly.
I honestly like good ol' Cho'Gaths design. I honestly wouldn't want them to do too much with him aside from a new model. With that said, your work is pretty good!
&gt;Idk about anyone else but i'd rather see multiple international tournaments in LoL similar to CSGO than the current LCS system. A less over-saturated version of what the CSGO esports scene looks like now would be my ideal esports system. My personal preferred format would be something akin to Tennis: Nice mix of regular International and Regional Tournaments with a standardized format for each, with all of them tied together into one unified whole (due to the ranking system). --- Alternatively, as a possibly optimal solution of "best of both worlds", I'd have 3 (much) shorter LCS Splits, each followed by one 16 team international Tournament (akin to current Worlds but shorter &amp; with a better format), with each of them being the same, all topped off with the "World Tour Final" ("Worlds") at the end of the year, inviting the Top 8 teams as per the rankings (with points for that awarded during the 3 Majors). There you go - regular domestic competition of the LCS, but less of it so as to not have it be boring, repetitive and meaningless; 3 big international tournaments (likely each played on a different major patch) to truly test and rank the real level of loads of teams; one last "big" event featuring the best of the best from the entire year (with likely enough time for some bonus All-Star matches). Furthermore, the calendar I devised for this option has quite a lot of free weeks for the teams/players (to prevent burnout) as well even time for some bonus smaller tournaments for the weaker teams (I'd call them "Regional Development Tournaments"). --- At any rate, there are many (many) options that could be explored, most of them far better and more balanced than the current LCS... Including just making a better LCS, lol.
&gt;S2 didn't have the foresight to take HoN to its potential. They lacked the *everything* to capitalize on HoN's potential, including the foresight to make it F2P. &gt;Streaming websites killed Chinese practice regiments (Two Best of 5s every day was what they used to do). Chinese shuffle super hard after every big events. Team owners are sons of billionaires who enjoy the idea of trading players hoping to build the "perfect" roster. Basically the same thing as in LoL; they have money but their infrastructure and foresight is bad.
You've gotta meme it up: "Roman Reigns, you are the real gold medal"
Not sure what happened with Smite but calling Paladins a travesty is hilarious. What, pray tell, is so wrong with it? You imply like there is some evil in the world due to it even existing...
Well personally I choose to believe that it *is* his power and that there is some crazy "meta" reality warping going on with him; like, for me, it is blatantly obvious that him literally defeating shit in one punch is the entire point of the series. Since so many of you seem to disagree and push the whole feat and scaling thing, I just tend to not even mention the character.
It's a well made game that has obviously lower production values than OW but is, likewise, obviously free. It also, IMO, does have *enough* gameplay differences. It isn't different from OW as, say, LoL is to Dota 2 - but, for example, as HoN is to DotA or Dawngate was to LoL. I'd say that most people would prefer to play OW - although Paladins has some interesting unique traits - but, again... It's free.
It is simpler than games like LoL but it de-facto has more depth than OW.
I mean, in current kayfabe Power Levels, Goldberg is *still* the top dog. This means that a Goldberg in his kayfabe Prime would be the most powerful wrestler, likely of all time.
Hm... So its premise is that it has more variety and content but that is ironically its biggest lacking point?
You're bad at making one.
Not sure about the weapons, but, I never felt like Terraria had that much content either, except for a linear progression towards the end-game.
I have a feeling you pulled that out of your ass and you don't actually feel that way, lol. Like, first of all... You're straight up wrong. Do you not notice how many people care about "X &gt; Y" discussions, be it about Teams or Regions? You *do realize* that for the majority of fans that is the actual *fucking driving point of the entire experience*? Second of all, the vast majority of fans and viewers have a favorite Team - and they want to see how far their Team can go and how it measures up against various other ones. Third of all, all of my suggested changes and format overhauls are about providing MORE of *those things that people like*: Moments, Rivalries, Experiences and Narratives. You *are* partially correct: Most casual fans don't care about pure competition and who placed 5th-13th - but they DO care to see where *their* Team places, where the Team they hate places, how their Region does... Which leads to the same end result. Oh and your "American meme" doesn't even make sense: All American Teams have loads of fans despite those Teams not winning shit... They just want to see their Team compete. So, whether it is increasing the amount of pure competition for me or increasing the amount of "stuff" a casual fan's favorite Team gets to do - the end result is the same despite the motivations being different.
Thank you for the kind words. I really should have just reposted that during/after the Overwatch World Cup, while the iron was hot... Would maybe get a few more upvotes then.
I thought it was gonna be a Poison Trail steal.
She was and still is pretty. The change is what gets you, tho.
Not sure what you mean, but, I myself don't think that any one Tournament should be a "World Championship"; I think that there should only be a few top-level Tournaments, like in Tennis... Winning one wouldn't make you a World Champion, winning more than one in a year would imply that you were the best during that year.
Jhin and Lissandra maybe? Illaoi?
Well, you just outlined the issues... The people calling the shots and trying to build up US soccer don't want to lose money, don't want to rely on the fan demographic increasing quite yet and prefer a more stable growth. The (ironically) "communist" nature of the MLS (and other US sport leagues) is actually pretty much perfect for growing the sport, if you ask me. What it won't improve is the grass-roots scene; soccer is not seen as the sport people can just pick up and play and is instead seen as a niche and, more problematically, expensive and "elite/bourgeois" sport... Unless college soccer becomes a thing I am not sure if it is possible to in any way accelerate development in that regard.
Maybe one thing would be to try and have the country split into 4 Leagues (not divisions, actual leagues) of, say, 16 teams and there being a National League in the form of something like the CL. That could allow room for a lot more teams and Pro/Rel in a certain sense without a lot of the negatives.
Eh blame the game design. The only time we can get an action-packed game with a back-and-forth flow is when it is tied to horrible decision-making... Otherwise, when good teams play properly, we get boring games of "invisible" action and tactics. Game changes need to be made...
Thank you for sharing this information with us, props!
Even if Keith wasn't playing like that they still obviously lack true cohesion, shotcalling and gameplan, IMO.
Well they imploded during one tournament due to internal issues and during Worlds they just kinda sucked; the sample size is 6 games. With that said, the formats are to blame. I wish the tournament formats had more games (and bo3s at that) so that we could get much more EU vs NA.
Yeah, frankly, it's lame. I blame OW.
I'd call the latter a strictly inferior way to conduct oneself... Hence, arrogance.
Definitely not a fan of no class restrictions.
Yeah, OG have been a very strong force ever since the Frankfurt Major...
Uh, sounds horrible. Fuck Rek'Sai I guess.
Jesus, basically every response you got is pathetic. People aren't even discussing anything with you, they are just saying "ur wrong" and downvoting... I don't even know if I even agree with the stuff you've been saying but I will upvote your comments out of principle.
&gt;Q follows through abilities like Arcane Shift Finally some way to out-bullshit the Ezreals and Tristanas! --- Overall, the new WW looks cool but I am honestly surprised that they mostly kept the same old kit for him; it's basically the same old Warwick, just modernized - I expected more changes, a la Sion. I fear that he might, once more, find issues with being useful; his ult doesn't seem much better than before, like, at all - same problem actually.
Not really, lol. Historically speaking drawn erotica and pornography are a regular thing. Like, do you consider written erotica and pornography weird, too? That is incredibly widespread and old too.
Why is Melee on Saturday? Sm4sh is getting the rub and going on Sunday? *The terrorists have finally won!*
This was blatant to me just from the Spotlight - this is a new, modernized and cooler incarnation of the old WW kit... ... But it is still the same old WW kit. I see WW having the exact same "role" he has had up until now: Popular in low elos, marginal in anything a bit higher and non-existent in high elo and competitive.
Keep note, people, that for some dumb reason Challenger this season has only, like, *5 matches per Team*... Single Round Robin of a 6 Team group! So, this is actually a big deal.
It's still a net nerf and I really don't see a point to it.
C&amp;C. (And an obscure little game called Swarm Rampage)
&gt;I agree with this particular response. Rocket league is fairly easy to pick up for players, is relatively new, fun to watch, and has a growing prize pool. Indeed, it is just a very natural E-Sports - and again, it's just managing 3-4 players. Not sure if Rocket League will permanently go with the LCS-esque route, but, it definitely has great potential. &gt;I wouldn't recommend Heroes of the storm as the ability to locate a fledgling team is difficult as the game's popularity is not on par with its predecessors. I mean, it still has an O.K. viewership for what it is and a decent amount of competition. I wouldn't write it off quite yet; it won't be taking the Top 1 (or 2... Or 3...) spot anytime soon, however, it just like Smite can be a stable "low-key" game to grow in. &gt;Overwatch is decent if you can build a team and prepare them for the Overwatch League. Again, I personally don't know what the hell will happen with the OW League but I don't see anyone but the biggest established Orgs managing to bridge the gap during the transition to that model. &gt;Building an org from the ground up is difficult due to the business acumen required to run a startup, and the player skills, knowledge, and contacts required to find talent for your teams. It might be a better opportunity to find a fledgling org and join to help with the business aspects and working with teams. Growing with an org develops the connections with players and outside vendors, and can get you skills necessary to join larger organizations or start your own down the road. Oh, definitely; OP is 19 and has some money, haha, that doesn't really sound like it will just reach some great heights soon. I would thus agree with you; he is more likely to create a glorified clan - one that looks nice and is polished and all that, but a glorified clan nonetheless. Of course, that isn't a slight against him, just the reality of things. Building up experience and connections through a current Org sounds lie a better idea.
The point is that *whatever* you bring up about powers, rules, logic and reason in regards to *whoever* the opponent of a Suggsverse character is, his character is able to defeat them thanks to having infinite-omni-meta powers... So much so that many of his characters have such powers that they outrank *you*, as a living human being and their word beats yours.
That sounds reasonable. Good luck with your ambition!
Save from the polished visuals, literally the only good thing about HotS' game design is the whole Map System, as it does add some interesting variety, both to casual play and the E-Sport scene. Everything else is either a lame gimmick, a bad experiment gone wrong (with ironic results) or just a straight-up case of bad design. * &gt;Action-packed Part 1 It is basically only action, all the time - it gets boring, it is oversaturating, it is the same thing from start to finish... The natural flow of a game is very poor in that sense. To make it worse... * &gt;Action-packed Part 2 Wet-noodle syndrome. All of that constant action is boring; no one deals any damage and CC is weak, in contrast to loads of heals, loads of shields and a decent amount of movement abilities. This affects the game negatively in many senses... * &gt;a game that encourages teamwork, coordination, timing, and persistence Persistence is the key (negative) word here, while the other three things are kinda made moot due to the low cooldowns and aforementioned wet-noodle nature of the fights themselves; messed something up? Repeat ad nauseam... Teamwork is cool and all, but the game is basically *only* about teamwork, which is a bad thing all things considered... Loads of people love to play "Solo" and be individually powerful. * &gt;Heroes Utterly weak individual Characters/Players... The previous two points lead to this. Simple enough. Very unsatisfying and frustrating. * &gt;Shared Experience The biggest lie Blizzard ever sold people is that this is a good thing. "It takes away snowballing and prevents just one person on a team being fed!" No, the only thing it does is make it impossible for a single player to carry while keeping it *VERY* possible for a single player to feed. Further, it just makes snowballing and one-sided games a big thing due to the timing of the Levels/Talents... * &gt;With opportunity to recover from poor fights and improve over the course of individual games players can turn bad games into victories. When has that ever happened? * &gt;no last-hitting Why even live? Seriously, horrible mechanic. It's bad enough that the game effectively doesn't have laning... Speaking of... * &gt;removes the (in my eyes) boring parts of other moba's Yeah, Laning is fun, straight up. There is a reason why literally no LoL or DotA player complains about it. I've already hinted at how important it is in another sense, so, let me be clear: it is VERY important for a healthy game pace and flow. A good rollercoaster builds up to the climax, it doesn't go from 0-100 in 3 seconds and just stays at that all the time... Though, with HotS, it is more like "from 0 to a steady 60 in 3 seconds and then stays that way until the end". * &gt;The talent system allows players to customize their Hero to aid their team or counter enemy players Just a re-skinned Item System, except made more shallow and rigid while being less gratifying. That is literally all there is to it - and it is a net negative. --- So, again, except for the varied Maps and their objectives - where are those positives you imply? Even if I give you laning as being "boring" (it's your taste, as bad as it is :P), the rest is pretty much fact. If you want to see the general idea behind HotS being executed 10x better, check out Arena of Fate... It may unfortunately never come out of super-secret-closed beta, but, you can find gameplay overview videos online - it is fantastic, it shows you the goals HotS has *can* be reached... Meanwhile, HotS stumbles around and definitely doesn't succeed at them.
I personally disagree, big time. * The first fight shouldn't have happened at all, Jayce and Hecarim could have gotten out with Rumble just cancelling the TP. * The second fight likewise shouldn't have happened at all; as Deficio pointed out, they should have just forced UoL away (and actually kept their Turret arrive) while taking the T2 and/or T1 Top and Mid Turrets respectively. * The third fight wouldn't have happened, like, at all, if the 1st and 2nd hadn't had happened - OG would have been far, far too ahead. Even then, OG players made a lot of individual and de-synchronized mistakes in that fight as well as, again, not cutting their loses when they had the chance. * Nothing to say about the fourth and fifth fight; they are basically unwinnable ones that shouldn't happen.
&gt;It's hard to describe. I just don't get the same feel of visual feedback from it. I think the graphics, while good in theory, are making it hard to discern what exactly is going on. Very weird and I never got that complaint. Objectively it is no different than LoL and the color palette should scientifically be better for the average person, lol. &gt;The secret shop has ALWAYS bugged me. It has always been a neutral thing for me, never really gave it much thought. I wouldn't mind it being removed but it does no harm right now while adding flavor. &gt;The carrier system as well. Not speaking of the town portal scrolls, but having to walk back to base to heal. Well these two go hand in hand. I think both are fine, except going back to heal sucks in punishing lanes... But hey the same thing happens in LoL so w/e. &gt;Dota 2 feels just so "slow" compared even to LoL, which is also pretty slow if you consider game time. Not sure how that could be. &gt;And like I said, the interface is just still a frickin' mess. Why? What is wrong with it? &gt;The shop during a match is clunky as well. Everything is so tiny and confusing. How? Why? What is wrong with it? &gt;And the skin shop out of game is even worse. There is no cohesion to it. Not sure why, the in-game menus are totally fine.
I'd just say fuck it, increase Tank Base Damages and make their Abilities scale *negatively* with HP, ensuring low damage output in mid and late game. Still won't save ADCs, though, since that Role inherently sucks due to poor design.
I hope he stays with NJPW and has some more magic matches. Also, when it comes to "principle", I think he should really stick with them at least another year...
Not sure what you're talking about.
There is no frickin' IP in my idea, lol. At certain levels (5, 10, 15, 20, 30) the amount of unlocked Champions increases, with the gist being that you start with the simpler ones and get the more complex ones. As for who would pay ~5+ euros for them... Plenty of people sadly.
&gt;So if you had it nothing to compare it to it wouldn't feel clunky? Yes, correct. I don't recall people complaining that DotA (or WC3 for that matter) is clunky before the whole LoL thing.
Then I don't know what to do; give them lower CDs? I get that they require damage but to many people it seems like they deal too much of it - and it's not like mobility is the issue, either. Again, it's likely that ADCs need to get fixed above all else.
&gt;I mean I've heard this being said by Riot, but is it really true? Where does this 'fact' come from? I might be in a vast majority here, but I don't care about if it's different or not than from solo queue. It's still the same game. Just a slightly different meta. Solo queue meta is never the same as the competitive meta anyway. Well, there are three demographics for LoL E-Sports (and anything else, ever): * Casuals * Cores * Hardcores Casuals sure as heck don't want to see things like the laneswap meta; they want to see action and excitement, loads of back and forth interactions... And they definitely want what they see to look like what they play. Hardcores just want to see the best of the best do their thing - they want to see optimal play. Now, here, the thing is that you can change what optimal play is... If in the PoV of the Hardcores laneswaping is the optimal strategy, they will like it and appreciate when it is done well, as well how it contrasts and interacts with other strategies... See, Casuals just want to be entertained. Hardcores are about "appreciating the skill and strategy" - they derive their viewing enjoyment out of that and in comparison to the Casuals, their viewing experience is both more in-depth and demanding. However... Neither of these two demographics *truly* matter. Casuals care more about the game itself than LoL E-Sports, whereas Hardcores will tolerate just about anything; further, as with any fanbase, their numbers reflect this - the Casuals are by far the most numerous while the Hardcores are the "niche". So this is where the Cores come in: They are regular, dependent and "steady" in the viewing habits, balanced in their taste and, obviously, take the middle ground in terms of population. They care a lot and have decent understanding of depth (in contrast to Casuals) while being more easy going and less critical (in contrast to Hardcores). Basically, they are "the meat" of the viewerbase, making them the most important; further, they are (as I implied) neither here nor there in terms of stylistic preferences and, importantly, what they derive enjoyment from. Do they appreciate a good ol' fast-paced, back-and-forth bloodbath? Yes. Do they appreciate skillful play and intelligent teamwide strategy? Yes. What "ratio" is optimal for them (obviously on average)? I'd say 70:30, 60:40 at the lowest. So, seeing strategy is nice and all - but if the game is slow, plodding, formulaic, filled with little action (and little consequences), as well as one-sided... It just won't work. That is the case of current Pro LoL (and has been for a while)... Generally slow, formulaic, repetitive; the action is in relatively low amounts or just isn't satisfying; the strategy on display is too obtuse and isn't "visible" enough, while often being more about set-ups and avoiding interactions than combat-centric proactive play. Finally, oh boy, is it snowbally - which is why whenever there is a close and "bloody" match, every screams "clown fiesta"... Because, indeed, that is basically the only way you can get a close, back-and-forth game: loads of unforced errors. And the reasons I mentioned earlier are why whenever people scream *that*, others argue back that "they don't care, they still enjoyed it". Which brings me back to my point: People prefer more "direct" executions of tactics and macro-strategy, with it being combat-centric and "visible", not preparation-centric and obtuse. This naturally leads into more *action and kills* and what is general considered "proactive play" while nonetheless containing strategy. However, at the end of the day, that is what it is all about: Action &amp; combat, usually at a fast pace (but not constantly so) in an even, back-and-forth flow, all leading to a climactic finale - and the strategy employed and *on display* is supposed to facilitate that directly, nothing more or less... And *not* be about avoiding combat and things like "winning via attrition". Now, after reading all of this, you can say: "dude, sure, fine and dandy, but where is your empirical evidence that the average viewer has such tastes and stylistic preferences?". Well, I don't have any - just logic. However, I wholeheartedly believe in it; I think you can take 10/100/1000 regular LoL E-Sports viewers (so, the Cores) and show them Pro LoL gameplay on an experimental test patch aimed to achieve the gameplay style I am talking about and 9/10 would prefer it.
Firecracker Jinx has always been the prettiest Jinx to me. The legs in that one were always nice but the artist definitely made them "noticeable" in this one, haha.
Not really, no. Unless they are the primary drafters and shotcallers, that is.
I'd rather they use smaller arenas (5k people) as long as said arenas have good acoustics and a visual design to make it *look and feel* packed.
Lol, the ignorance. Bro, the majority of any viewership is made up by two demographics, Casuals and Cores... Those two groups, *especially* the former, primarily care about action and excitement, as long as the play is at least decent (not like the Casuals can even detect anything but the most obvious bad play anyway). The third demographic, the Hardcores, is the one that cares about pure skill and strategy being on display, the "pinnacle of CS"... And guess what, that demographic is by far the smallest (and least relevant by proxy). WITH ALL OF THAT SAID - I agree with you, the teams in this Tournament are great and we can likely except an exciting *and* quality Grand Final.
Still wish they made a comic book division, a la Marvel and DC... Just launching loads of series set in the main universe as well as in many alternate ones. Then just sell both physical and digital copies. Would be pretty cool to say the least. Obviously, just posting written fiction is far less costly.
Nami and Fizz, right? Is your fish unaware of Tahm'Kench?
Awesome Splash there for Jhin.
Still need a better map pool tho
Hm, we could do: * *Garen: Chronicles* as a series of self-contained short stories, * *Garen: Noxus Son* as an alt-universe one-shot where Garen was born in Noxus instead of Demacia, * *Garen: Infinite Crisis* in which an alt-universe Garen goes crazy about the concept of Justice and main-universe Garen has to stop him, * *All-Star Garen* in which Garen gets cancer...
The 10-year-old NA kid dabbing in a VP jersey, tho...
What an underwhelming ending, just kinda rolled over them slowly. Then the reserved golf claps from the crowd to top it all off... What a contrast of going to this after watching the CS:GO Major. The end of G1 was cool and all, but, games like that are rare... Not to mention how it was, like all Pro LoL games, only even close due to blatant decision-making mistakes.
It is not, I'm pretty sure. But don't worry: Tencent have their own two LoL clones, too! Oh and fun-fact: Heroes Evolved is more of a DotA clone than a LoL one; the graphics and some Champions are there, but, it is definitely more of a DotA game.
DotA 2 is a modernization of DotA, HoN is an iteration and attempt at remaking DotA, LoL is another, more drastic iteration. Heroes Evolved is a blatant LoL-themed DotA clone, to the point of literally copying characters and using art assets. The Tencent clones I mention are similar, from what I gather. Basically they are soulless and shameless products made for the sake of making ez money.
I mean, my first game I played was "Teemo", except that the E was a guaranteed Crit on ever 4 hits and the Ults stunned instead. But, yeah, the Leveling, Stats, Items and Jungle are DotA's.
No one in North America, South America, Africa, most of Europe and a large part of Asia (even if you exclude China) cares about Cricket. Not sure what is so hard to get about that.
Do you think LoL's very frequent (and often drastic) patches, featuring Riot's heavy-handed balancing, are a contributing factor to all of this?
Sigh, this is the same thing every year... We've seen a few matches between (either slightly or very) new Squads, in the beginning of the Season, on one single solitary Patch, during one Meta and during one run of form. We can't even properly judge and rank the teams *within NA*, much less the NA Teams relative to the rest of the world - especially, since, you know, they don't get to play against the rest of the world.
He does rely a lot on Gold and XP, for sure. The fact that putting him in Bot Lane is *worse* kinda says a lot about the state of LoL's Duo Lane.
Why are you calling people idiots?
How dare they say something you disagree with... I don't even agree with it, but speaking in such a way and being so hateful is just pathetic.
Sigh, was gonna watch the VODs. My fault for checking Reddit. --- I enjoyed the Tournament regardless; I love that a Tournament, especially such an important one, finally did what needed to be done and used the Swiss format. Sure, their one was not a "true" one, but, really, even their own variant made sense and has a bunch of positives. The only thing I didn't like about this Tournament was how the draw for the Quarterfinals was done; it seemed to be totally random. They should have ordered the teams from 1st-8th and then done it the traditional way.
EF have totally shown a big improvement in cohesion and late-game decision making and they definitely deserved this big victory! However, their inability to control/predict Evelynn as well as how easily they got rattled by that Baron sneak in G2 (not to mention even allowing it) is still a clear sign that they have a lot of work left to do. Still, they have shown great potential and I do hope they keep improving. "Good" to see FlyQuest lose - let's hope they also learn something from this, as their streak snapping will likely keep them grounded mentally.
Haven't been paying a lot of attention, even the Royal Rumble hype is not enough anymore. Also the thread says 2 matches?
Banks/Jax is something I'd never tune in for, lol. The Smackdown 3v3 womens match sounds fine but I am not feeling it. The Tag Titles match is on the main card according tot he thread body?
HE KICKED OUT OF A SUPERMAN PUNCH WITH BRASS KNUCKLES! We have reached peak Roman... EDIT: This rivals him kicking out of a Brogue Kick back at Survivor Series 2015... A surprise Brogue Kick that blindsided him, just after his tough match against Ambrose, which was his second match of the night (he took a lot of punishment from ADR earlier in the night). Meanwhile, the Brogue Kick was the most protected finisher in WWE, no one having kicked out of it up until that point.
&gt;Can't avoid upsets in sports regardless of format. Upsets happen. Of course, but the larger the sample size the smaller the effect of RNG... In theory. &gt;I agree. Pretty much the only thing I hate about this modified swiss format is ... well... the modified part. Should just be normal 4 rounds of swiss. It is a bit more exciting and definitive, which casual fans like. I don't mind it, honestly. I'd be totally fine if the format for LoL's Worlds was identical - well, save for Bo3s replacing the Bo1s. Obviously, the 4 round standard version would be better for the final standings before the Quarterfinal draw.
Oh come on, it was fine until Strowman was eliminated. After that, it became obvious that they were stacking bodies for the three part-timers...
Goes to show how *one simple thing* - who you play at Number 30 - has so much influence on the perception of the match *and* entire event. Even if Orton still won, this place and the venue itself would have gone crazy for Samoa Joe... But, no, we got Reigns. --- It's a shame - the Rumble was really fun up until Strowman got eliminated. After that, they were obviously just stacking bodies for Lesnar/Goldberg/Taker. That is when the match slowed down, but, there were still some fun moments (Harper/Wyatt/Orton). Even then, once Lesnar/Goldberg/Taker did enter the fray, it was still exciting - come on, did anyone really expect Lesnar to get demolished by Goldberg *again*? Regardless, the negative of the final third being so predictable still stands - as does the fact that valuable and quality dudes like Ambrose and Miz get chump'd so hard. We didn't get any returns, but, you can get over that due to Lesnar/Goldberg/Taker. However: No debuts beyond Dillinger? Extremely underwhelming... --- **At the end of the day: Samoa Joe should have been Number 30 and he should have won.** As simple as that!
Nah, some of us did quit. The Royal Rumble always gets a chance, tho...
Yeah the part-timers were obviously there to just be draws and kinda be hype. I'd rather have surprise returns and debuts (where was Joe)... The match itself was O.K., especially up until they eliminated Strowman. However, Number 30 and how they were blatantly setting-up for the part-timers is the bad part.
Agreed with both points made. I don't have much more to add... I think Taker should have been gone a long time ago (unfortunately) and, yeah, Vince is just horrible with everything he does on RAW, save for maybe Strowman and Sami. But, as we see, he is also horrible with PPVs!
Worse relative/compared to what?
I'd argue that literally all of them are very good with potential to be great.
&gt;After Strowman the Rumble became pretty slow. No one did actually something except doing some finishers or some fun spots. This usually happens in RRs tho, we can't overlook that. It is definitely basically required in order to have a good flow to the match. &gt;The worst part is you had the whole New Day in the match, Cesaro and Shamus, Bray and Orton and they literally eliminated no one. What is the point of having full teams in the Rumble when they don't even work together to eliminate people? Well, Cesaro/Sheamus eliminated the New Day, at least. Wyatt/Orton ultimately helped each other and, IMO, them not doing much besides that is fine, since they had the whole (great) thing with Harper. &gt;Lesnar and Goldberg confrontation was so disappointing. Well, to me, it was legitimately surprising that Goldberg just shat on Lesnar *again*. So, that was kinda cool... Tho, really, that is partially because I am just legitimately hoping that they don't have any more matches. &gt;I don't mind that Romans entering the rumble Well... Sure, in theory. But he took Number 30 (thus utterly deflating the whole thing, souring everyone's perception and making things feel utterly pointless) *and* potentially took a spot of Joe/Styles/Balor/someone. &gt;but the fact that he lost his title match because of Strowman and they didn't try to use this in the Rumble made me upset. Well, after Strowman got eliminated, I concluded that Roman wouldn't enter and that it would be continued on Raw... Silly me. &gt;The whole booking of the Rumble made no sense. Its like you said, a set up for the three guys who didn't even add much to the match. I guess Vince thought the three of them were hype enough... &gt;I feel so disappointed, they had an allstar roster for this Rumble and they did almost nothing with it. Seriously... They could easily have a great *40-man* Rumble... Well, when it comes to the roster in terms of talent. In terms of current booking and level, basically everyone looks like a chump - *especially* after the match itself... It's sad how Vince has basically ruined everyone, lol. ... When you get to the point where a shitty piece of fantasy booking from a smark is better than what we actually got, you know we've hit a low-point... *But*, again, the match itself wasn't *that* much of a problem, just kinda whelming... Would have felt much, much better if Samoa Joe was 30 and won the damn thing.
I mean, this is more disappointing since we thought that Vince had learned by now.
What? Jericho, at this point, is a pretty slow, "old-news" comedy veteran midcarder. He couldn't, at all, be in a serious Main Event match... I mean, come on, he was having "meh" matches 2-3 years ago... His match against Styles at Mania was meh, too. Joe &gt; Balor (if available) &gt; Styles &gt; Ambrose &gt; Zayn &gt; Wyatt &gt; Orton &gt; Miz &gt;... Jericho &gt; .... Reigns &gt; ...
On paper it is simultaneously a blatant improvement of the concept but it is likewise the same flawed concept. He basically has the old weaknesses and limitations, just that his kit has been modernized.
What an arrogant owner Abramovich is!
Let this be a warning to all that Riot is fucking evil and will happily drive away its most devout... So what I thought was the case is not only true, it's even worse - Riot openly mocks us! I had my hopes up, especially after seeing the "ty Riot" comment chain, but unfortunately Riot disappoints again, as they always do... "We see everyone wanted Bo3s and Bo5s, so here are a bunch of Bo1s, along with a bunch of logistics excuses". Utterly shameful... I cannot comprehend how they can be so incompetent and incessant on not doing a normal fucking tournament. There is yet to be ONE LoL tournament not named IPL 5 that can match an average/basic DotA 2 or, hell, HotS tournament in terms of format. Then they have the AUDACITY to say that they are receptive to feedback and have the best interest of fans, competitors and E-Sports in mind... What liars. When the Rift Rivals was announced, I was both so disappointed and pissed off (in conjunction with other things) that I legitimately quit LoL and Reddit... It was the tipping point, too much of Riot-related frustration culminating in one final slap to the face. I happened to be lurking today and go figure, unsurprisingly Riot spits in my face once more. Let this be a fucking big-ass sign that Riot fucking don't give a shit about us... I've been invested and active for 7 years, politely asking, begging and pleading - even just for an honest conversation - and never getting even a PR response... Changing approaches didn't help either... But nah, meanwhile all of you behave like Riot is amazing and the best Dev. I knew that Riot has always hated me, but, screw it, I now hate them back (the people involved in these decisions that is). You made me bitter, you made me hate a game I genuinely loved. Fuck you, Riot.
Is Vince for real?
OH NO OH NO NO NO NO ON
I'd be happy too if I got the only consistent and efficient weapon in the game!
Unironically very well-done by Riot. Given what MF is supposed to be in concept, the Splashes do a great job at being sexy while still actually being appropriate for each Skin (like the Mafia one). Kinda surprised they didn't make the Splashes more erotic (if there is one Champ to do it with...) but I guess Riot are finally learning some temperance.
I do like Jatt in the games themselves but him just focusing on the Analyst Desk itself is just fine.
Definitely have had this happen. Just an unfortunate situation for everyone, can't really predict something like that happening if you're not doing dedicated VoIP. Also: Cute art!
Nothing sexist about it; can't change or ignore human biology, which is what limits how they can perform in a physical activity...
Not sure if it was a 5 star match but I enjoyed it a lot, which is saying a lot since Jericho hasn't in my eyes wrestled anything above an average match since I've started watching in late 2011. Come to think of it, the only other match I actively liked and enjoyed was the Extreme Rules match vs CM Punk at Extreme Rules 2012; coincidence?
Please, please no... Lesnar vs Reigns is just a given, who cares at this point... I've just learn to deal with the whole Reigns bullshit. But Cena vs Taker? *Now*?!? It should have happened at WM 30... Or, really, at any point after assuming that the Streak is still intact. Now it is just horrible to have that match. Gosh... They've ruined Taker so bad.
I disagree. Main Roster wrestlers are booked and written horribly, ultimately being mishandled with their start potential floundered away. In other words: It happens regardless of NXT. What does or does not happen in NXT is not a factor. In fact, those NXT storylines - why don't they happen on the Main Roster? That is the real question.
The Okada "three things" promo doesn't come off as comedic to me, albeit I am an outsider. Regardless, I am fine with it. Naito is arrogant and something something "representing disillusioned and cynical millennials". I don't have a problem with it. Hiromu, well, his thing is to be kinda off. But, yes, the whole Daryl thing is almost designed to be a meme. Cena has always cracked jokes, as some form of temperate evolution from his Rapper character. It's just his version of "say your prayers...", for a different generation... You know, like with The Rock. Reigns makes bad jokes because Vince. It's a shame and it sucks so much. Strowman's MMC stuff, yeah, that I would say is more of a "kayfabe is dead" thing than "lacking consistency". With all of that said, I do agree with you. I very much respect, appreciate and desire consistent characters and performances.
For a company that is down on its luck and kinda struggling, yes, the match and accompanying presentation was completely good. It's good to see them still going and I hope that they indeed give a lot of space (and a platform, really) for talented performers to grow in. It is awesome, I might try to watch some more when I have the time.
If you want to imagine that, sure... Fuck it, I can see it too. :D Not sure about that smile as a reaction to seeing your dick. Can go both ways. 🤔
Implication is hentai, but I don't see why there'd be many smug faces in hentai?
You know, maybe it's the Internet making it seem much more common than it really is, but I've always had the impression that jerking it off to "anime" (aka drawn and/or animated stuff from Japan) or any other draw/animated stuff is normal aka common. But damn dude, based on this and your entire discussion with that guy, your approach it as something totally alien. That doesn't necessarily disprove my theory, but it does represent the other side. Not sure why you think it is something extreme, though? What about erotic and pornographic literature? Are you not weirded out by that? That has been a thing for literal hundreds of years... And is pretty commonly accepted as "normal", especially for women. So what is so different about drawings/animations?
Well I'm sure there is a reason some people prefer small boobs over big boobs or are, you know, gay and shit. What you're implying is that it is not just the genetic make-up of the person but... What? Somehow trained? Dunno, I'm sure watching loads of cartoons and/or playing games and/or reading comics has some effect, but not all that much.
Dunno how it usually is fam but Yugi could see his grandpa appear for short amounts of time
Interested too (tho I don't get how it relates to emotes).
Now I'm just imagining someone taking that emote and literally not changing it and drawing the rest of the body out of it.
I honestly like it a lot, got a good smile out of it! Good job on the comic/meme overall, especially with the appropriate details ("we mas retrn bak 2 shurima my bruddas"). I also really like how you drew Syndra! She is so damn cute.
I read the sidebar but I gotta ask, unironically and modestly: What is the point of this subreddit? Who makes these posts, who are they for, what is the purpose and so on. Thanks.
Oh look, a real league with Bo3s.
I like them, especially Pangolier!
*Yes*
Gameplay is boring. Instead of fixing that they just reduce the amount of games played and market the LCS as some SUPER HYPE league.
Meh, it's going to be a crapshoot either way due to the Bo1s. It just makes the competition random.
To me it feels crazy recent... Even when looking at the date I think "wow just a year ago".
Eh would be a dumb momentum killer.
Forces each team to have strong players? Forces each aspiring pro to be that much better to even make it into a team? Allows each team to have great subs? Pretty straightforward.
I mean, someone with discipline and foresight could say no.
*inb4 SJW or feminazi accusations or w/e* Paladins used to have a nice and balanced roster of female characters, but it got sullied recently in typical Hi-Rez fashion. Ying, Cassie, Maeve, Skye, Evie, Kinessa and Tyra - all pretty and appealing, while being pretty diverse, nothing distasteful or obnoxious. The most questionable one is maybe Ying, as her outfit and mannerisms seem a bit too forced. On the flipside, Cassie's default outfit got changed from what it was in earlier versions and intelligently got turned into a skin. Since then we've gotten both nice and... Horrible additions. Inara and Ash are fun additions, further expanding the amount of aesthetic diversity - by which I mean having colorful and appealing female Champions that people like without having to be sexualized (and people indeed like them regardless). We've got Willo... Who is just horribly ugly, lol. Something about her face/head/ears/eyebrows makes her ugly. It's obvious they were going for a cute character but, sorry, they just failed. Here is to hoping for a remodel/redesign. On the positive, we got Moji, so she covers that "cute critter character" role. But then... Seris, Lian and Vivian. Oh boy. Vivian, viewed in isolation, can be passable. There is no particular reason why she has those curves *and* that flattering, revealing outfit but hey - from a real life perspective that is not weird and from a meta perspective Tyra, Kinessa and Cassie are not like that so it is O.K. Just O.K. Seris and Lian tho... Seris is supposed to be some dark oracle/death thing from the void. Lian is supposed to be an arrogant noble/royalty and expert marksman. Where the fuck does, in either of those character archetypes, fit in the element of "super bodacious babe wearing sexy outfit"?!? Neither their characters nor their themes warrant such sexualization. It's just dumb, 100% forced sexualization just for the sake of it - and their numerous sexy skins confirm that. It makes no sense from a design perspective beyond wanting to shoehorn-in sex-sells features... Seris shouldn't have the large chest/cleavage and should have either spectral or covered legs. Lian, lol, that design just doesn't work. She can keep the heels because it is appropriate, but the rest of the outfit is just a joke. Literally hentai grade, she might as well come from the Sakura series. If those two designs were fixed, honestly, I'd be very happy with Hi-Rez... Well, you know, up until I remember how they are screwing the game otherwise. Mind you, they could still have sexy Skins (though not all of them should be) - like Infernal Seris, although a similar-but-not-sexy version would be great to have alongside it - but there is no reason for the Seris, Lian (and maybe) Vivian base designs to be so blatantly sexualized. Literally, unarguably no reason to.
I'm not agreeing with "Reddit" but your logic makes no sense. &gt;plays one game well &gt;deal high damage as he is supposed to "This guy is great, you are all wrong, I am smart"
&gt;literally the same thing was said about AJ Styles Hm. Sure, AJ Styles is much of a bigger name, but practically it would be the same.
They gave it to Henry after so many years of servitude - and, sure, he was a menacing monster heel... But you have to believe that Kofi will get a Title run. Like... They gave Title wins/runs to Swagger, Ziggler, ADR... They never did much with Swagger, they apparently hate Ziggler and ADR was a huge failure (in terms of amount of push vs benefits) that had issues with the company.
With far less BONKS, unfortunately.
Dunno Bochniak was just kinda annoying to watch. Davis was entertaining in how he carried himself, but even I as a pleb can see that he really needed to, you know, fight far better. Someone mentioned distance control and patience?
N'Gannou's outfit as he walks through the hallway looked kinda silly. Good things he is a frickin' terminator, lol.
Or get some of that sweet, sweet Combat Sambo.
I often forget and then am pleasantly reminded that basically all women in wrestling wear those hose-y leggings or w/e. These guys look cool together, but the dude in the middle is the selling point. Looks badass as heck.
It's a funny thought to imagine a grandad 40 years from now explaining to his grandchildren that he roots for a club due to how sick their players were in Ultimate Team. :D
It is? Well for once I'll disagree with mainstream meme opinion, cuz I still find it hilarious.
TBH they should really have a dynamic off-season where they send people away for like 3-6 months... Tell them to relax but also tell them to come back looking real jacked. Would help for the obvious reasons an off-season helps, while also allowing them to have more impressive physiques.
So what is wrong with him? Only thing I read about is poorly-worded pro-net neutrality arguments.
Black woman boobs or boobs covered in chocolate?
Honestly it has gotten to the point where watching sped-up VODs online, at my own leisure, feels like a waste of time.
Hit squad got the wrong guy at first?
&gt;Have to give credit to the casters in this current Korean meta, games are often long with long periods of not much action When has Pro LoL not been that way tho? Riot seriously needs to step up.
In what way?
Why do you defame the reputable Prince Olajide?
I think it is fine to have a very powerful team, but... You need two to tango. So, having 2-4 *consistent* teams that constantly take each other to the limit is ideal.
I like these claims knowing that 0.05% of the total exports viewerbase (across all games) couldn't care less about any of the ethical issues at hand. Props to you if you do, but you'll quickly realize that you are in the vocal but irrelevant minority.
Wish he was #30, as his due payback for what they did to him in 2014.
&gt;Fanservice for the sake of it is fine But it isn't, since: &gt;so long as it doesn't completely nullify a character Is not possible. It's one thing to include sex appeal or sexuality as part of character design, but fanservice is irrevocably a bad thing. Maybe it's a semantics thing but, trust me, fanservice is always bad. Look at it like this: If there is literally 0 reason - both in-world and in-meta - for a character to be (super/hyper)sexualized other than "this will get the weebs going, hehe" aka sex sells reasons, it is a bad thing. &gt;Smaller amounts of clothing does NOT always mean fanservice Everyone, I hope, realizes this. Then again, people often argue that someone like Ryu from Street Fighter is sexualized so I guess people are dumb.
Totally appropriate content for this sub. Just as sensible as that attire! /s
&gt;Like a swim suit. And knee high socks. To be fair, that odd combination is quite compelling and sexy. The pencil and scissors are just "wut" tho.
I see thicc is just a general world now :D
That looks pretty damn good, props! Very compelling, the outfit is on-point. Do you have an album with more photos or something, a DeviantArt or Facebok and so on?
&gt; There is not huge amounts of money in entertaining greasy fatties. If you're being cynical, at least be truthful: There is a LOT of money in doing just that And, yeah E-Sports are popular with plenty of "average male" demographics. Very popular.
Rocket League has not grown as well as I hoped for, but it is doing alright. Siege has grown more than I had expected, but it is also doing fine.
People will be gushing over the Roster, Qualification and Goat changes, but what about the structure and amount of tournaments? There will be only 5 Minors and 5 Majors? That is... Horrible. That is a step in the opposite direction from the current system, a step further from tennis' ATP Tour... Instead, we again get a situation where we will have either loads of empty weeks or, even worse, meaningless tournaments! Once more we will have non-DPC tournaments that will be dubbed as unimportant... I very much prefer the current system and this update has done the opposite of exciting me.
It took me like 30m to watch the entirety of RAW and I feel like I wasted my time.
People like the performers in WWE and are familiar with the product. They watch it because they want to like it, they want it to be good. They complain because it isn't good but they believe it can be.
Lose to Costa Rica, beat Switzerland and suffer a last-minute goal against Brazil. That sounds appropriate for our standards. :D
ITT: Elitists with an /r/gatekeeping mentality. Wtf is he supposed to support if his local team doesn't interest him? Or if he doesn't even have a local team? How is he supposed to follow football at all? This blind anti-American mentality is crazy... No one cares if other people like foreign teams, it's not only a problem if Americans do it. You best bet that I care more about Liverpool, Tottenham and Inter than Spartak Subotica or FK Palic... Also you fuckers should realise that things are changing. I like E-Sports, there is no such thing as a local team there... Not to mention that many of us that follow things like the NBA from halfway across the globe.
Just needed more tournaments, preferably overlapping ones.
Well England *is* successful; the NT isn't because of management and the Clubs aren't successful in the CL due to a combination of management and the intangible power of Barca and Real. Poland and Romania in comparison are far weaker.
~~Serbia will win it all~~ Germany will win it all.
&gt;no, Steve, for 50th time this week I still don’t watch football.. Well there is your problem right there!
They should just give up and copy DotA mechanics at this point. Buybacks, Runes and Smoke ganks!
Loads of people seem to agree, but SF is quite boring to me; as an outsider, I'd much rather watch Tekken, Smash and even the new DBZ game.
I feel like Egyptian players will run out of stamina if they keep this up.
Thing is, although I find the gameplay of SF boring (to play and to watch), my main bias against it is due to strongly (strooongly) disliking the character design (*cough* females *cough*) and, well, jsut because it is the most popular one. Contrasting that, although I am quite anti-Nintendo and have no Smash-related nostalgia, there is no denying that the gameplay is fun to watch. Tekken is by far my favorite: the combat is fluid, authentic (of course not realistic) and meaty - while not being heavy and slow. Couple that with its underdog status and personal nostalgia for it, it is easy to be my favorite. The thing about Guilty Gear and all of those 2D Japanese Fighting games is that they are just too wild, vague and combo-heavy for my taste. I also don't like "team" fighting games (like MvC), so really the only reason I like DBFighter is because... DBZ. It just *works* so well.
Sure, but were talking about the quality of the product. As a fan I'd much prefer what I outlined (aka similar to NJPW).
Very competent gameplay from Morocco so far.
Shame that the match went down the drain, Morocco started it very well... But then it just kinda became a poor match with loads of bad play and fouls. Shame for Morocco and poor #20... But on a positive note, at least it is less likely for Spain and Portugal to play for a Draw now.
Viking Clap MonkaS
WTH is this FS1 commentary?
From first going "what the hell is this?" to thinking "I want these two to commentate everything" within the span of 5 minutes, I have to say that I like them!
Vrsaljko pls
Nah, Morroco vs Iran was worse... This game at least featured spells of attacking where the end product was missing.
They are big fans of BOOOOOOOOOOOM GOES THE DYNAMITE
I just don't like the Groups of 3... I think they should legit do something crazy and make it "points are gained by scoring goals" or something.
Happy for the win, of course, but damn... The finishing from Mitrovic and SNS was woeful. We have great (attacking) middlefield creativity, but the end product is just dire! Let's hope they get it together for the match vs Switzerland. EDIT: And yeah, when your team is wasting time you just want the game to end, but that really was unnecessary "dirtiness" from some of the players.
Well I am equally fond of both teams but prefer Germany due to their high level of quality - but yes, I do hope for lots of goals! How about a 5:2?
What an expertly done header, what a majestic save and what a clinical rebound finish from Kane! Why can't Serbia play like that? ;-;
If it is spreadout, that does make more sense. But how are they up? What kind of profit did they get?
May him and Bam Bam tear it up together in the afterlife, RIP.
Well, this person is obviously unhappy with that. They didn't want OW E-Sports to be what it is. They see it as a bad thing. They have a right of opinion to think that a corporate league forcefully made from scratch is a bad thing. As per their second comment, there is truth in the fans not being at fault: maybe Blizzard shouldn't have made an E-Sport out of something that wasn't made for it... Like CoD or FIFA. Let him be an E-Sports purist if he wants to... Not everything is /r/gatekeeping material.
This was the first time I've seen Johnny Sins being the one to get fucked.
I think the amount Riot asked from the Franchises as well as how much money Riot got from sponsors/investors are laughable... And that is for an established E-Sport. In comparison, the numbers Blizzard and OWL are working with are just ridiculous. Also all of those sponsors are gonna be pissed...
Funny stuff!
Of course Brazil would score in the 90th... Not even sure if this is worse than a 0-0 draw for us (Serbia), but I didn't really want them to win... Well at least we still don't have any 0-0 draws, amirite?
"Why can't I scroll down"
Ah poor Iceland Great two goals by Nigeria
If we don't win because of that overlooked penalty...
Number 20 holding Kane... That should be a penalty and yellow right away.
*looks at scoreline* Oh look, the scoreline we would actually expect from England!
Bah, this makes the lack of the penalty called against Switzerland even more annoying. :X But about damn time! Those are clear penalties.
And so are other countries. Why bring up the US? Insecure and petty manchildren. XD
Unfair of course but its Serbia so who cares, right? We are all evil and people can do to us whatever.
And the Belgian, Dutch, Russian, Scottish, Polish, Austrian, Brazilian, Mexican...
I'd rather if he gave me a few of those millions... Or to 2K for their games.
Also he should have went for a different sport. Why not try and make Rugby or Handball a thing?
Messi should sign with a different NT. I'd welcome him in Serbia.
Eliteserien? *Elite*? Then it **has** to be good!
Yeah I get T1's whole thing but that is unbearable screeching...
Watch us lose to a war-torn Ukraine... Hopefully we get second, behind Portugal. Hope A has a field day with demolishing Kosovo.
Exactly, thus the country is not deserving a Major. Might as well organize it in Somalia.
Not good. :C
Looks soft and I dunno the rules at this point but yes, that is great! From bad to good to great in short order...
Pretty bullshit. Kuku shouldn't be banned in the first place and TO's shouldn't be allowed to do that on their on accord. Either Valve handles any and all bans or they don't at all... Here they just conveniently waited. But again, Kuku shouldn't have been banned at all for his "crime"... And guess what, I can bet this won't do any good for the future and Valve will handle future situations differently. I'm just sad it isn't a big Western org... A larger outcry would have helped. Oh well. #FuckValve #FuckChina
How this should have been solved - and I'm 100% certain there is no better way: * For Kuku: * Fined with $1,000 for inappropriate and racist statement. * Not allowed to play his (team's) next 5 DPC Matches (regardless of BoX count, regardless of when that may be). * (Privately) Please post a public apology. * For TNC: * Fined $10,000 for lack of accountability and problem resolution. * (Privately) Tell Kuku to apologize and make sure not to play around in the future, learn from this. * For the Tournament Organizer: * Failure to comply with the aforementioned, attempts to issue some other form of punishment and unfair treatment of Kuku &amp; TNC will result in Tournament's Major status being revoked. * As such, the Tournament will not award DPC points and Valve's part of the prize pool will be revoked. * Valve will not work with you [Tournament Organizer] in the future. * China's TI9 hosting will be revoked. * (Privately) So, if you try to be vigilantes, you'll have to answer to all of the DotA community, including China. * To the DotA community as a whole: * Racism is bad, don't do it. Similar punishments will be had. * Repeat offenders will be harshly punished.
So it's as stupid as prostitution being illegal.
Is that why there is a 4Chan-approved new SCP-like project? I can't recall its name, but it is blatantly the same premise, just with different management.
Using shallow cuts on fat body parts to draw lots of blood and such, right?
Well, having an unnecessarily steep learning curve, right out of the gate... That is also a flaw that can be criticized.
&gt;b) assumes that the motivation to draw this was purely sexual In general, how much do you think this is the case for artists that draw ecchi/erotica and hentai/r34? &gt;I had a college roommate who was so vehemently opposed to anime Personally I am not "vehemently opposed to it", I just dislike a lot of the content that exists within the medium... Love hentai tho.
Or turning LoL Champs into new SCPs!
Skarner is superior to a crab, as he is a scorpion.
&gt;make bad show for weeks &gt;make fun of bad show and acknowledge some of the recent issues in a worked shoot promo &gt;continue making bad show Hm.
And it would be better if they just let those teams have a TLC match instead.
This is wise, yes. And you're right about OW as well, it is inevitable - I can't see any money being made besides the money that Blizzard tricked the investors into giving them... And once that runs out it will be kaput.
A completely artificial scene, unfortunately. The Pros will now suffer because of it. I reckon the game had a lot going against it: arrived late, was built-up as a LoL/DotA-killer, didn't find its identity quickly enough, gamers expected something similar to other DotAlikes and instead got a different game, bad engine, artificial E-Sports scene.
&gt;Then explain Mojo Rawley vs. Seth Rollins going 11 minutes only for Mojo Rawley to disappear again from television while Seth sold offense for days. That's ridiculous. It's ridiculous how poorly Vince books almost everything, yes. Rawley should be having *some* kind of matches against a variety of opponents, not just appear once and bugger off. Rollins the Main Eventer having a competitive match is never a bad thing; Rollins the Main Eventer having a competitive match with a midcarder is not a bad thing at all - him selling offense against a guy bigger than him is also totally fine. Basically, in these posts of yours you're erroneously seeing the issue as "main eventers don't beat midcarders enough" (which ironically happens plenty and there are clear tiers), while the actual issue is always much simpler: the booking is inconsistent, short-sighted and just poorly conceived. Your way of going about it just results in the rest of the roster looking like a bunch of geeks.
How is this upvoted? You're making fun of the thing you watch and you're being an asshole about it.
That's why I don't get people that shit on fantasy booking: Even if you take some of the worst of the worst, I feel like it would still be more exciting than what Vince does at this point. Vince probably knows that, if he retired and a serious group of show-runners was assembled, the company would be doing much better... It's either delusion or ego that prevents him from doing that.
What I want to know is why Seth is not more edgy. "Seth Rollins"; "dark power ranger" attire; "Burn it down". You've got the tools there, just make him an edgy badass. People still like that stuff.
In this stupid back-and-forth chain of nothing, at least /u/WrestlingWoo has an argument: Friday Night is a known death slot. What is your counter-argument? Present it. "Fox probably has an plan and knows something we don't" is not a counter-argument; you *are* going off of something logical (that paid professionals probably know something that we don't), but **a)** paid professionals make mistakes and **b)** we don't care about the fact that "something" is probable, we care about *that* "something". So, **what** is Fox going to do in order to avoid the "death slot curse" with a WWE wrestling show, on Friday nights, in 2019?
I apply.
&gt;as low brow white trash entertainment along the same lines as roller derby and monster truck rallies. Which makes me giggle as I imagine (not that it would ever happen) a super-serious "puroresu" hour of NJPW programming. Like, imagine that on Fox or wherever. Just an hour of (English commentated) wrestling that takes itself super-seriously and is present in a high-class manner. It would either somehow blossom or indeed cause so many "???" reactions that it would be wonderful in either way.
I mean we can respect the performers and wish them success over our selfish desires, but cmon, we as fans care about good entertainment... Whether you wanted to see him do stuff as a cool character or have epic matches, Almas did those things better (and at all) in NXT.
It's cuz ARAM sucks while Nexus Blitz is literally the best MOBA experience ever conceived.
20 and 30 is the same; 40, sure, the brain will have aged strongly by that point and some reaction speed reduction is certain. But the only potential differences between teens, 20s and 30s for E-Sports athletes is burnout.
If they divided us SC users into three writing groups (1 for each hour of RAW) and we made decisions based off of some type of majority vote, I think RAW could be pretty fucking interesting without being typical "DAE silent badass??" and "DAE Bryan/Cesaro 1h Iron Man Match??" smark pandering. Would 100% be better than what we have now, especially if we kinda competed against one another.
&gt;The reason you like league of legends so much is the competitive aspect that you can’t get from most games. Except for many other games.
Sigh, this again.
... Why *would* you be lumped equally with other foreigners? You speak the same language natively, you have the same skin colour and you come from a similar culture, to say the least. Racism is bad and the end goal of being progressive is indeed to give everyone a chance regardless of things like skin colour, but feeling more familiar with people similar to you is only natural and logical. Should Germans treat Austrians as foreigners the same way they treat, dunno, the Japanese?
Were we watching the same show...? Crowd was alive and fine. Reacted to everything.
What are y'all talking about... It was -6 here in Serbia just yesterday (and it was fine). I'd imagine places like Norway to treat such temperatures as a joke. Is it hotter in the rest of Europe or what?
Not sure about you yourself, but personally I don't see why Cardiff fans would know any better than others - at the end of the day, being a fan still means that you're all but guaranteed to be a clueless outsider that knows at best little about football.
If he doesn't have to work house shows, gets creative freedom and every PPV match of his has the same freedoms as a TakeOver main event, sure. Otherwise...
What exactly do you mean by and how do you define "colonizing"? From what I've gathered in this thread they've been there for 50+ years; what is the cut-off time for an "acceptable" territory take-over, the likes of which have been happening since forever? What makes West Papua different and special from the other different and varied Indonesian regions? What warrants independence?
Or even better, a TakeOver match.
Well, this thread isn't good for my mental health... Apparently this topic and development is extremely bad and sex work is horrible. So confused...
Amusing article, thanks for sharing! The thought of easily getting authentic and realistic fake photos/AI-generated images is crazy, I'm curious how this type of technology will develop in the next 10 or so years... This + deepfakes + VR = sci-fi becoming reality.
Would a hypothetical NOAH-AJPW merger benefit or hurt the scene?
It's not impossible that he values attention above money tbh.
So fuck the people that like to put on good matches, tell good stories and have creative freedom? Laughable stance you have there. You're basically saying that passion and artistic expression don't matter and treating wrestling as some boring 9-5 office job.
Eww, too dark and seedy.
I'm also dwelling on it solely due to wanting to play Mario Kart and literally nothing else.
Plenty probably don't and just think "render" is a context-specfic synonym.
To be fair neither of those two things are his fault.
What about guys with speed and crazy flips like Kalisto? Or guys that are short but stocky and "legit" like Gable?
What is he supposed to do, though? His character work is objectively good. His wrestling has plenty of touches of that. What is left? Purposely having shitty matches and promos to get go-away heat?
&gt;Ultima Thule That place sounds like it is ruled by some powerful galactic warlord.
If it was slower-paced and not as frantic with random building (so, like PUBG or APEX) then Solos or Duos would be fine. But yes, Squad is by far the most watchable and should be their primary (and maybe only) E-Sport mode.
Basically, that is what it seems to be; very thin veil, that. Thanks for "metonymically", wasn't aware of that word.
Nope, not at all. Where did you get that from?
The point is, there are examples of **both**; people tend to ignore that and pretend that all of the ex-indie darlings only care about money nowadays.
I think the same thing - original owner/head of the company sold the stakes in the company and some outside boardroom dumbasses ruined everything.
Which is the only dumb part IMO.
McIntyre's is good enough for me.
SJWs are bad though, like, by definition; the issue is branding everyone as SJW, especially people that are progressive and supportive.
What do you mean?
6 Zeals, as is tradition!
Are you purposefully misinterpreting what they said? Hunting for karma maybe? Where in all of what they said did you find that? It's literally just criticism of "identity politics capitalism".
Technically, neither of them are.
I would disagree with that strongly; the entire *concept* and gameplay of Artifact is so far removed from HS and other typical card games that it isn't even funny. It's basically a weird boardgame of setting up pieces that then (uneventfully) bump into each other - extremely different from any popular TCG/CCG. HS players that want something more? They got Magic, they got Eternal, they got Shadowverse, they got Faeria... And a slew of other (even more) niche games. But you have to remember that the majority of the HS playerbase, even if we remove mobile players, are Casuals: they like Warcraft-y stuff, they like the graphics, they like the simplicity. They would never play Magic, ever - far less smaller games like Eternal. The rest of the playerbase, the "Cores" and the "Hardcores" would definitely be open to trying another game - even something as weird as Artifact - but never, ever the Casuals. With that said, I'd say that, business model aside, literally 1 in 1000 of Core/Hardcore HS players would like Artifact, in terms of pure gameplay. It's just so niche. High-profile HS players saying they like the game? Some might legitimately see the strategic depth of the game and appreciate it; most were just trying to maximize their potential, would have been there some huge Artifact popularity growth. So... Artifact was unironically intended to compete with HS and steal its current and potential players? If that is so, whoever came up with the game needs to get fired, whoever made the game needs to get fired, whoever does market research needs to get fired and whoever approved the whole thing needs to get fired - because holy hell man, it was obvious from a mile away that it would fail miserably. With a better launch, with F2P, with more in-game features and with a better aesthetic (so, best case scenario) *but* with the same actual gameplay, the most Artifact could have hopped for is like 50k-100k regular players, as well as to be alive for a long time (likely "forever"). More than that? Never.
I mean, they have a point. How do we know that he has or can apply any of those skills and experiences to actual tangible ability for the club? Seniority and experience doesn't automatically make him qualified for the job.
That's quite the shame that a club (in a franchised league at that) gets screwed so badly.
Interesting. Might there be another cycle where that happens again? Great either way, hopefully that means GPU prices and stocks normalize.
Isn't it just another cryptocurrency?
I suppose that is true, but I disagree with that, I don't see Speedruns or WoW PvE stuff as E-Sports. Just my take on it... Nah, it's Japanese Devs we're talking about; they're hands-off and mostly clueless. It would be the community or bust, just like with most grass-roots E-Sports. I do know some people play Fire Pro World "PvP" like that but I haven't been following the "scene".
I doubt anything close to enough people have heard of that controversy to make it a bad buy.
But you said it sucked?
Ah yes, the not funny joke that people like and use so much it becomes overused. Totally not even funny.
The constant circlejerking in *both* directions is insane.
Nah Valve just sucks at it. Compare it to how Blizz and Riot have always treated social media and customer care.
Fantastic idea. Puts some roguelite, BoI/Slay the Spire feel to the game!
Hm, that sounds lame, honestly. Far too arbitrary if you ask me. Not in the spirit of DotA either.
Why?
Yeah UI changes won't fix that.
Hm, thanks for the insight. I'm still very much a noob and figuring things out (I've got like 10 games and never played the original Mod) - and, ya know, I've literally played one game with Scrappy and it just happened to work decently I guess. I was left 1v1 with the first place opponent (I had like 10 hp and they had like 50) and although I somehow just barely beat them twice then, the third and knockout fight was a pretty one-sided loss for me - so I assume that they adjusted their own comp to beat me. Yeah that Alliance item needs to be buffed big time IMO, 20% is so low. What would you recommend to mix with Scrappy, if one were to go for 3 (or was it 4) Scrappy?
Yeah, I'll think about throwing in a Tide or Kunkka in to help control the flow of battle. I kinda ignored them tbh... Maybe I'll try with Druids, as you said. I did get the T3 Clock and Timber at a decent time, so that was pivotal to make me competitive. I did have the explode-on-death passive, it even got me 1 Draw lol. Dunno about being level 8, I guess I didn't win enough rounds and spent a huge amount of my bank on re-rolls to try and save the game at the last second. Yeah the balance does seem varied, I am happy with the variety for now! Overall, I'll just keep trying I guess, I'm still a big noob.
Yeah, with T3 Arc and Razor and maybe a T2 Abba those last few fights might have worked out. Oh, you mean because the clone would also have the Meka?
I'm sure he'd be fine in NJPW and could compete with those guys legitimately, but the WWE schedule and restrictions are horrible. He also lost a lot of agility after his injury.
Ah, I see. I didn't know that... The tutorial should share info like that. I guess this opens up some new avenues for strategizing.
&gt;unofficial voice of E-Sports Hm, no? Most E-Sports fans don't know him at all, I've only heard of him via this sub and I watch the three major E-Sports and some smaller ones
Play 2K14 (PS3/360) and stop there. Trust me. It's better than '13 in every way, incrementally ofc, but better. After that, if you want to torture yourself with gameplay that is utterly terrible, try 2K16 or 2K19, since they are the best of the terrible 15-20 era; as in, they're the most functional and complete, but the core gameplay is still absurdly boring. Better yet: try 2K14 and then immediately after, in the span of an hour or whatever, 2K19. You'll be blown away by how much everything is worse: features barely on par with an older game, various annoying "modern game-isms" and worse gameplay.
Woah, slow down there Mr. Robot!
What are those?
Love when cats are sneaky like that!
How so?
Succinct summary, I strongly agree with it. It does "FPS with abilities" better than OW and it is a more streamlined, focused battle royale game. I suppose balance, content and fix updates (rather, the lack thereof) has hurt the game; feels like it should be even bigger. So much so that I'd say that it is THE most suitable BR contender.
Made it more unique and yet seemingly only 1 in 1000 people liked it more that way... It's a product, not an art piece; it's failing to do what it is supposed to, which is to be popular and the best game in the genre. Knockout is a gimmick; asking for shorter games and getting a separate mode is a slap in the face if you ask me.
Well those gamers should play on PC, it's a FPS after all.
Ah, thanks for explaining. Makes sense.
&gt;the franchise is irreperably tainted now. No way. * Do a surprise 2020/21 remaster of ME+ME2. * Do a indirect sequel and/or reboot in 2022/23. * ??? * Profit, loads of it. Literally. Nostalgia, man. Easy to weaponize.
&gt;We don't like to talk about dragonball GT; the unwanted bastard child had out of wedlock. The better of Z's two children, tho?
No, it's because he isn't human. It's like taking a wild (big) cat and raising it as a domesticated cat: it will *never* actually be the same.
The responses you are getting are hilarious. People are acting as if you said "Japan sucks, they ripped off China and made a Chinese story. Dragon Ball is Chinese. ^^Also ^^fuck ^^Hong ^^Kong." Dragon Ball, the brunt of the original content (premise, setting, characters) that made the series what it is and set up for Z and Super, is heavily influenced by Chinese stories and mythology. The manga/show are distinctly Japanese in style and they were made by Japanese, yes; but it's still a Japanese take on a Chinese story. People acting like your post is an argument for (or against?) cultural appropriation, an accusation that Toriyama stole from China and a random pro-China statement are being awfully silly.
Bring it back, please.
It has millions more players, lol.
Oh, thanks. Also now I feel like I saw a meme how the main characters would always get cuts on the shoulder but that is about it. So basically almost like it was a "monster of the week" format, which is not what you'd want from a developing and growing narrative.
Eh, doing it half-decent at least could work... Not taking risks and playing it safe, even. Or, you know, just integrate new minds.
It's been making crazy money and been a big deal for years and, yet, we don't care. No one cares outside of China.
Unlike deez plebs, I do remember those things (some live, some retroactively). The good times. \#IPL5StillTheBestTournament
Very a cute.
Compare WWE 14/2K14 to 2K15; it's a ridiculous disparity. Then compare 14 to 19 to see how long it took them to get to the same level in terms of features... While having worse gameplay.
Hm not sure about Madden, NHL or 2K NBA, but, FIFA didn't really have such issues; well, more so, it didn't really happen as it had its engine updated.
This is true and what matters the most (otherwise PES would have long beaten-back FIFA). Personally I have no local teams and am generally nerdy so the idea of fantasy leagues or simply exploring small global leagues is fun.
Now, if only we could get at least 30% of them to buy PES instead. The sports game formula is what it is, but monopolies are never a good thing.
So, what, never try again?
Never watched these, so, sat down to watch them in bed last night. Awesome series, laughed a lot! My only "criticism" is that James wasn't in Episodes 2-4.
But the global audience won't even know about it, far less care. Certain trends occuring in places like China and India just don't matter for the rest of us and should be discarded, keeping in mind the context of their large populations.
Well yeah athletes earn their millions fairly too, I assume the person above is arguing that they are paid too much.
I saw him streaming Rimworld.
Everything but the hands is great, keep it up.
Your "question" is just a lame argument brought forth by Rito indoctrination. Ofc there is no time for extra tournaments when the ones that do exist take so long, for no real reason. Reduce the length of both Splits and/or remove Spring altogether. No reason 18 Bo1s should take so much time.
Point is that people don't care about any of that.
Does he have Twitter or Insta? The stream I saw was surely about 3+ months ago.
Yup, thinly-veiled rant it seems...
It's simply the correct opinion. You make a new Champion, you don't ruin the identity of an existing one.
*Sun Tzu's Art of War, colorized*
Would be too much crossover I think
Hypothetically speaking, he'd have to offer a ridiculous amount for her to even consider accepting it. Cuz, you know, she doesn't do that kind of thing. *He's just thinking about stopping the fires, guys.*
Some details and such are a bit iffy (as others have pointed out) but the colors and shading are lovely.
I always love the Lucha gimmick legacies and convoluted timelines.
Can't "Good" Balls just shoot the gold balls at Strong Guy, allowing him to easily absorb a lot of kinetic energy? Seems like a creative teamwork maneuver.
It's an interesting topic tho. Should have he simply been the blatant top guy with the "top face" push? I feel like it could have worked well.
No idea, I prefer not to think about it. I was making a silly joke.
How do you know that there isn't some crazy-skilled spec ops soldier or something that is extremely devout? Like, for example, a crazy skilled Orthodox Russian operative?
Cute!
This is why I, although annoyed at people here acting as if Hogan is a KKK grand wizard or something, really do hold it against him. He didn't properly face the facts and just kinda apologized for getting caught.
So I guess Woods and E were marks when they deeply cared about getting Kofi the World Championship? I guess Kofi was a mark when his dream came true? Please, get over yourself. This meme that wrestlers don't care about accomplishments, position on the card and wrestling itself needs to die ASAP.
The old one is so much tackier and gaudier.
First of all: they should find a better/alternative marketing tool. Second of all: said marketing tool has run its course. It's not a big deal anymore, at all. Only insecure DotA fans care about "the BIGGEST prizepool".
Exactly, which is a good thing, which is just an added reason why they *should* cap it: it's a win-win, better scene *and* prestige remains.
I'm at the gym, didn't get to watch. Can someone summarize what the match was like?
It's basically splitting hairs, but: he is hotter than she is, I think. Funny.
I only knew of IA due to their remake of Think Tanks.
What a weird segment that was. Fun idea, done incorrectly.
You have besmirched the name of the Urban Rangers, Ed boy.
Good point; I'd say what they did there is not "trying out different themes" but simply missing and incorrectly representing characters. Also, in general with how they handle MF they seem... *Hellbent* on "legitimizing" the character. The comics, the cinematics, the lore, the Legends of Runeterra subtle changes to her "features". It's like Netherrealm, lol.
What would you say are those hypocritical reasons and double standards? How can discussing anything on Twitter be better tho lol?
Well they're not equally as dangerous tho. Depends on the racist in question.
That's... Big if true. Wtf.
I've unironically been saying this for a while. If Rito ever released a 4v4 game mode on SR I feel like it would quickly become too popular.
Well the difference is 8/10 and 10/10 (in "lewd factor" of the design), it's just that it's lost in the shuffle of fairly grounded "World War 1/2-esque" designs.
I mean, same.
Alright, which **exact** parts of the technical artistic elements and the stylistic choices/themes make it look like a LoL fan art?
This is so much superior to the usual "haha weird absurdist references" shitpost. Very well written script, great for a humorous sketch.
Ghey
Only by getting stomped by tank spam earlier in the game.
Generals, despite being more recent than most of the C&amp;C games, is in desperate need of optimization for modern systems. UI, resolution, bugs, pathfinding... The BFME games are based on the same engine and work just fine, so it is possible. As for the Dune games... With the upcoming movie, remastering those games seems like a no-brainer.
Depends. I feel "impure" but if it was a stupid puzzle I get over it. The only recent one in memory was the bottle puzzle in Pinstripe. Boy, did I ever overthink that one.
Spawned units *still* don't only deal 1 damage?
Yeah it's unreasonable to expect someone to be successful in at every team across such a long career in an ever-evolving sport. By all accounts he's been more than successful, it's just that some of those failures were recent/higher profile; by nature of the modern age and social media, they're more memorable and more oft repeated.
Anyone have the vods?
Except for the competitive MK players that play regular races, yeah, they totally don't exist. ...
I do believe so. He's been doing the same exact thing in the same exact way in WWE for so long tho, so, yeah.
It is indeed a bad argument when taken at face value and not given any contextual and logical application... As bad as an argument as the false analogy you're trying to get at. Please don't hit me with that 16yo edgelord "DAE JUSTIN BIEBER POPULAR = SUCKS??" logic. Popularity is indicative of at least a certain level of quality. FFDP has excellent production, all the band members are skilled at what they do and they make catchy, practically-constructed songs. As far as I am concerned that's all I need; I listen to all kinds of metal, old and new, mainstream and niche - but FFDP's style is extremely appealing to me (well, except for the "brodude" jingoism, but that's exaggerated anyway). Given their popularity it's safe to assume that I'm not the only one who appreciates (most of) their stylings. Yeah their older stuff was better but their modern stuff is still fine. So, yeah. Miss me with the immature elitist shit. If you have to be like that, go to YouTube and spam how Disturbed sucks or something.
I'm not. Don't be rude. He has a very odd, forced smile. Clear as day.
I didn't, I brought it up as a sign that people like the music. Popularity != quality, but it is indicative of at least a certain degree of quality (within reasonable limits, given tastes and biases). Also I'm pretty sure a whole lot of people do indeed like those artists you mentioned and don't get all anal, salty and oddly combatative about them. So I have no idea what you're issue is, unless you really are an asshole metal elitist or just cosplaying as one.
I always find posts on these topics hilarious. There is a subset of people that are convinced that a LoL MMO would be awesome. It'd probably bomb. I don't think there is nearly enough interest.
Just like in my hentais.
Wait, this implies that he got his hair ready, put on the sweater, got the cat all prepared... And *then* painted his face?
Not sure what that is supposed to mean in this context. Everyone understands that the vikings were warriors, pillagers, raiders... Thiefs, murderers and rapists. It's completely innocent and above all else harmless (making your argument pointless) to romanticize them.
But no one will talk about the Soviets that way. At most people romanticize the "aesthetics".
Hippos are bigger and tougher. Also, elephants.
It's [vague metaphysical entity] vs [vaguer metaphysical entity]. When it comes to such [vague] reality warping "battles" there are only two options: they cancel each other out OR one is strictly above the other. Ultimately we can't know which is above the other but its safe to assume that FD's Death is more of a high-tier conceptual entity, thus giving it the advantage.
How do UK/France/Italy win the European war...?
How many games?
Great art. But Lian is definitely a hentai fodder character.
Well it's not just about the technical action in the ring, sometimes it all just has to "click" as well ("momentum"). Keep in mind that, yes, plenty of people will be against him just because he was pro-WWE.
Fish-eye windows.
*goes to comment section of that video* "Stupid Vince, should have made him world champ"
I feel like he would be if he was taller.
Chibi art of sexy characters has always been such a weird concept for me.
Good on them. Not unexpected, happy that they can indeed do it. Definitely an argument as to whether it should or should not be acknowledged tho.
Why not develop a character, then?
&gt;It's no different than say, Saban Entertainment continually producing Power Rangers movies and shows, buying and selling back the actual franchise from Disney, Fox or Hasbro when it's value for the holding company gets too low. All you have to do is be cheap enough with the operations and negotiate for the maximum profit. That's an... Huh. That's an interesting comparison. Do you think (Neo) Saban would call it quits if the original Japanese product stopped? It's such an unique dynamic. Also, Power Rangers and Pro Wrestling are in all honesty "culturally" really similar... I wonder if each views the other as "lesser" or acknowledges their similarities. Either way, WWE totally should have had Braun and Seth Rollins guest star. Just saying.
I don't see the issue. It's a pretty safe gimmick to give to a monster wrestler, protecting his power level while keeping the whole "weird and creepy" allure. It's not like he had crazy momentum during or after the Reigns/Bryan feud. Just look at his showing against Brock at the Rumble, carefully designed to not make him look weak. Basically: a holdover gimmick, until a storyline opportunity or spot on the card opens up. Not to say that they didn't go overboard with the spider thing and made it all hokey... But the essence was fine.
WILDCARD RULE!
Tbh them teaming up against an "average Rick" is debatable, 5/10 at best. Against THE Rick, tho? They get stomped.
No crowd tho.
Almost killed Darkseid? Erm, is that THE Darkseid or "just" an avatar?
Oh my god, people like you just need to get over yourself and just stop behaving like this. THIS is the worst type of tone-deaf, thick-headed and over-zealous behavior that annoys normal people and gives bigots ammunition for their racist arguments. "It was all in good fun, everyone involved enjoyed it, it was a reference to classic movies, no one is mad or insulted by it - so imma be offended by it and preach how it was racist". Just... Just stop. It's not racist. You're unironically deserving of the SJW moniker.
What a way to shit on anyone from Bruno Sammartino to Rikidozan. Pleb.
Let's see if it's just the honeymoon period.
"What's ~~your~~ my ~~move~~ title so that I can ~~kick out of it~~ not defend it?
Murder Hornets isn't really a relevant thing.
Well football never left I guess.
No they aren't. CMV.
Yugoslavia 90 and Mexico 98 rock.
Wow, otherworldly. Inb4 Wimbledon in December.
It's a shame that the egalitarian sentiment has now been turned into a negative "non-support" idea due to bigots clutching to it to mask their true feelings.
I'm willing to bet my entire life savings that 90% of people out there protesting and shouting the BLM phrase don't know that BLM is a political organisation. Ergo, it doesn't matter that it technically is, it might as well not be. It's irrelevant and has no influence. BLM is effectively an anti-racist principle and that's all there is to it. The thought, premise and implication of the phrase has outgrown and overshadowed the political group carrying its name.
You're missing the easy solution of making it a triple threat that eventually leads to the Cena/Bryan match at a future PPV.
I enjoyed it quite a bit. Too bad ~~Chris Farley~~ Otis wasn't involved... There also wasn't any payoff for them damaging Braun's car. I get those that didn't like it, humor is vague and fickle. Tastes differ. I do wish the tag team division was taken more seriously.
I was thinking "what if she's just lying, she got drunk, her problem" but that was quickly dispelled after like the first few sentences... It's one thing to be a bit "forward" and goad her into drinking, but being told "no" and continuing, pouring stuff in her glass while she isn't looking and sitting on her lap after she said no...? Damn. And *then* we get to the bathroom part. Oof. It's not the worst thing ever but it's still very unhealthy and dangerous behavior, so if it is true, fuck him.
Far too modest for a Seris skin.
I could only see this working if Courage gets plot armor tbh. In-character he cannot defeat Rick.
&gt;“fucking is the best cardio” to a 15 year old. Indefensible behavior Easily defensible based on the context. Your damn uncle could tell you that and odds are it's banter/bro-talk, not him trying to sexually exploit you. But being pedantic aside, him saying that so casually to this kid he barely knows is suspect, since I assume he was trying to normalize the concepts and themes (for easier grooming). To be honest, the most suspicious thing to me is the "gotta keep it secret" flavor he uses in the messages.
American*
&gt; the spread system makes the game have one of the highest skill floors for people that are used to modern shooters Who, people that grew up on CoD? If CS(GO) is your first game it will feel normal.
Ouch. Yeah, these are much worse than the previous comments. I personally saw some of the previous comments being plenty grey, with moreso the vibe ("tone") being problematic, but this is just getting bad. IDC about him being 18 and the kid being 16, but him behaving like this while being 3-5 years older and the kids still being 15-18 is not good.
Why did it take so much time for Depp to act?
Well that's harsh, but ultimately accurate given that scorpions lack the capacity to form emotional relationships with humans.
I had a tarantula, a friend bought it for my birthday. As someone who isn't into things like gardening, it's more akin to gardening than being a pet owner. A little hobby you do, something to mess with once a day. I mean, think about it - it's like having an aquarium with fish or an antfarm, albeit most likely with less aesthetic elements. Dunno, it's just kinda fascinating.
Yeah, should get something normal, like a pet slug.
But they're so cute!
He sells most or just keeps them, apparently. About 2 weeks.
Apparently they kinda do have live birth, not eggs. Cannibalism (in either direction) is rare and mostly happens in bad conditions (starvation/stress).
Why do you need pet fish?
Most are harmless.
Or it wasn't rape. He opened the door by choice and was almost assuredly able to cease the events of the evening if he wanted to. He was tired and tipsy, not drugged.
Well plenty of people really enjoyed the gimmick and many performers worked with him without any issue, so the gimmick is fine. People have different tastes. Feeling like "you called it" is inappropriate here.
I'm sure Cornette would be all over him if he wasn't himself getting into the fire lol Fuck both of them.
There's probably SOME that would fall into those categories, but "nothing but" is, yeah...
Some people are just some combination of immature, invested and unstable to be thrown for a loop, I guess. They can't handle it so they distance themselves.
I bet Riddle has spent at least $25 on this guy. What advertisment for Fiverr!
I probably had similar amounts of free time but I didn't play anything. Sad. Also why only AAA gamed...?
These takes are so bad lol. You don't like the type of content he was doing, fine. You're not comfortable with it, fine. So that must mean that he is an evil pervert and that everyone that likes his wrestling is too? Do you feel vindicated and "I told ya so!" now that Ryan was exposed as actually being an asshole? What's next? Everyone who does ultraviolent deathmatch wrestling is a sadistic psychopath? Ryan can go to hell for being abusive but this "I never liked it and thus it was always bad" revisionism is absurd; people liked it, wrestlers wanted to participate.
I didn't really watch that guy (and kept mixing him up with someone else, Chilled I think). Did he abuse someone?
I was really saddened and tbh enraged when two of my female colleagues told me about past uncomfortable events. It felt surreal, given that I had never heard about it before; not that I didn't believe it happened, but rather that I had simply never encountered an example. Sucks so much, man.
*Trump looking kinda normal and indeed sad, tired and defeated* *Part of human brain that directs empathy:* It's free real estate!
Are you trying to say that you were correct or something lol? Fuck the dude for being an asshole but c'mon, you're committing revisionist bullshit here... He's been outed as an asshole and suddenly your petty feelings are justified? Buzz off.
I'm just sad we let up on restrictions in the first place.
They were bound to get involved eventually. I'm sure there are normal folks there but yeah, plenty of bigots for sure.
But who did the guitar thing? Jeff? Debra? Why tho?
What about Booker T, Lance Storm and Seth Rollins to name a few?
Happy to see that some people get it. Dude deserves flack for saying something stupid, but the fact that people were ready to call him a sex offender or something is crazy.
I don't think people saying "DRINK BEER, BEAT DEBRAH" are trivializing what happened or downplaying how awful it was... They're mocking the dude and having fun with dark humor.
I mean, this was inevitable to bring up. Loads of people idolized not just his performances, but also his behavior... Which is quite problematic, to say the least.
He believes in the mumbo-jumbo, which means his ignorance is causing him to do potentially harmful things; he is not trying to profiteer off of selling pseudoscience. He believes in it, unfortunately. He should be criticized for it and, if he doubles down on it, criticized some more until he accepts that his behavior is harmful by proxy. The tournament was naivety and arrogance, which again is worthy of criticism. As I posted in the other thread, he should make an apology, acknowledge his mistakes and promise to do better.
Casual ecchi.
Explain the lack of female Pros in LoL and Fortnite then, ya dingus.
I didn't know she was considered particularly funny.
I was expecting Roman lol
Literally who?
Or gam gam needs to get beeg
Try Circle Empires Rivals (has SP too).
At this point, it feels like this will keep going back and forth but without anything tangible, so the public eye will veer away and forge about it.
People? Are all supposed to universally like something...? The match had flaws and for some people it just wasn't good (in terms of taste). I'm being literal about "criticized", not sure what you're referring to - but yes, plenty of people did not like the match or aspects of the match, either in the sense of outright thinking its bad or simply thinking that it could have been better.
They should have paused tapings ages ago, now they might be forced to...
Finally, it was only fair! Hope to see Tottenham next.
Undercover agents!
Pretty.
Backpeddaling I'd say.
So, just being extremely sex-negative. Yeah. I can see some people that don't really have that view also hold a similar end opinion, mostly out of ignorance and narrow-mindedness. Paige likes to highlight her sex appeal and had a private &amp; personal sex movie? "Why doesn't she do porn then?".
It's easy to avoid bad fans, tho.
If the client was that bad (and it is bad) then they wouldn't have so many millions playing. So, either the game is *really* good or the client is *not that bad*. And yeah, nothing wrong with those "cheap trick" marketing campaigns. If Valve did that with DotA there would be more players - and even if most of them were casuals, the amount of (hard)core players would grow too.
There's degrees of evil.
&gt;because on the surface 9gag is just mainstream memes so it attracts regular internet users but if you keep browsing you're gonna find enough bigoted stuff to have an impact on you. Starts with edgy stuff, leads into "haha Holocaust didn't happen amirite?" and then goes all-in on very... How should I say, "storytelling" style propaganda.
That's fine and dandy but the art style (color palette, landscape) are just too similar.
For R1, it should be noted that per the source material (journal entry) "regular folk" seem to do OK against the employees; after all, despite the employees moving weirdly and having long (often uneven) limbs they are quite vulnerable to actual stabbing damage, going down relatively easily. So, I'd assume a fit, generally capable individual like Bear would do well - even without his military training background. Also, IIRC, the "crazy escalation" and horde that happened in the journal was caused by a leftover piece of a dead employee; it didn't randomly or arbitrarily happen (which I personally like). So, there is no guarantee that Bear would ever get into a situation like that. With that said, as implied, he'd for sure have to clean up after himself and/or keep moving to prevent something like that. He wouldn't know that leftover pieces cause the employees to enter a rage/horde state, but he'd have no real reason to keep the "carcasses" around. Honestly, besides sheer bad luck, the only real question for R1 is sanity. Literally just survival for the sake of survival... He can do well until he loses hope of getting out of the Ikea. Oh and yeah, I don't think the "mapped" locations in the Ikea change in so much that it adapts to someone forcibly exploring further. For R2 I think that he and whichever group he integrates with will either survive "forever" or find a way out, barring catastrophically bad luck. &gt;and to some of them, a famous one, at that Funny thought: based on the nature of infinity, there is probably a survivor from an alternate universe that knows Bear personally and/or comes from an alternate universe where Bear is, for example, a Nazi. Hijinks ensue.
Personally I just didn't know the extent of it. I thought he was abrasive and difficult. Who cares if he is an ass if he does a good job and if people tolerate him? I'd even go so far as to say that an isolated physical incident can be overlooked... No one is perfect. This thread and the information that has come forth in these past few days paint a much worse picture, tho. As you said, it's not just "he's an ass" it's "he's physically and emotionally abusive, consistently"; it's not just "he got into a scuffle with another dude in a heated moment", it's "he lost his tempter and struck someone without justification" and "hit his wheelchair-bound wife". What sucks is that we'll never know what is really true. Given what is happening, I hope it is - otherwise it's all for nothing. Honestly, I think the summary is that there are people that are really afraid of the whole "cancel culture", both in the sense of not wanting innocent people being ostracized and in the sense of not wanting someone's career to be ruined for completely unrelated activities. Like, didn't one of the recent Ubisoft firings have nothing to do with any issues or abuse at work, but instead it was just "he cheated on his wife"? What does that have to do with anything? Why fire him over that...? To that end, the very unpleasant story about Redeye and his wife/family... Imagine if that was the ONLY thing that came out; imagine if there were absolutely no reported or even alleged incidents connected to him within the E-Sports industry. In that scenario, should the E-Sports community still ostracize him? The logic would be to show that bad people aren't welcome in the industry - but is it really sensible to do that, to police someone's work life over their private life? To what end does such behavior go, what is too much? It's a slippery slope and given how many companies on a global scale are built on utterly unethical practices with the majority of us not giving a shit, it's really something to think about.
Eh, you're reading into it too much then. Maybe I went overboard. The spirit of the comment meant to imply lesser achievements and tbh in non-American sports I don't see how that would be a HoF player.
And then there's Maltese!
I'm excited/curious for Lumis vs Strong. The rest looks alright I guess but not particularly exciting.
