A) It's still early. B) New Year's Eve sucks. C) It's as cold as a warlock's balls tonight.
That rule wasn't widely practiced. At the bare minimum, you should have at least one sailor or other person who knows what to do on the ocean in your lifeboat.
[Oh, dear.](https://xkcd.com/37/)
/r/basicmath
Depending on the setting, they may have better healthcare than we do. Cure Disease works on cancer, right?
Q: What's the difference between a chickpea and a garbanzo bean? A: [I've never paid $70 to have a garbanzo bean on my face.](#s)
Probably Elite Dangerous. Got it on the Steam sale.
Lil Whisky.
I'm not falling for that one again.
It's chaos; be kind.
Air pollution?
Chocolate, possibly. Cacao grows in a limited range now, and climate change will fuck it up.
I don't like the sound of that Class 3.
Ed Sheeran sitting on the Iron Throne.
I had a bit part on Psych once. Maggie Lawson was really friendly.
I was hoping they'd find a hotdog already in someone's pocket.
The last two years were so awful we're all getting whiplash.
I can't *believe* that worked.
Do it.
Lenny = North Carl = East
Can't tell if parent or pedophile.
I like this scene because that's exactly the sort of hat that ten-year-old me would want to get at a chili cookoff.
/r/basicmath
Say what you will about the simulation, but the graphics are gorgeous.
It's called [the genetic fallacy.](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Genetic_fallacy)
Pie crust is pastry.
I've been binge-watching CarlSagan42 lately. He mostly plays Mario Maker levels and sometimes talks about science. [Example.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DePFncs_3S0)
I wonder what spinach and other mostly-cellulose plants taste like to cows. Maybe they taste like candy.
Oh. I thought that Key and Peele were just making shit up.
White people who need to be saved from the evils of *socialism*.
Because he said he'd solve all the problems. He didn't say how, but he said he would solve them.
Wait a minute. There's a lemon behind that rock!
Have you looked into moving to the U.S.?
Breckin Meyer.
Rudy Rocky IV Happy Gilmore
Edmonton has been all over the place. It just went from -32 to +1 in a couple of days.
Hard cider *is* clear and yella, though.
You're not as bad as Hitler.
Me! It's at the top of my TS4 wish list. I've kept my main family Sims from aging up because I don't want to miss out on them going to university.
Like the Power Glove?
*Vuvuzela droning intensifies.*
I'm not trying to argue against enacting it.
It's often more about convenience than purity.
You know you're an adult when you go to Canadian Tire and think, "Man, this place is great!" The other day, I went there and bought new garbage bins, light bulbs, and a step-stool. It was awesome.
Everything.
Back to me.
Slings and Arrows.
The toes. Ever had a sore toe? Then you get it.
I once had a bit part on Psych. Maggie Lawson was really friendly.
I'd watch the hell out of a Bright series; even if it had fewer explosions and Will Smiths than the movie.
It's a catch-22. The more a word is used incorrectly, it becomes more and more likely to have its definition amended.
They still are, but they used to too.
Sandwiches.
You know it doesn't.
I like my coffe the way I like my women: Strong, and given proper recognition for their contributions both at home and in the workplace.
A Fish Called Wanda.
If only. No, but she was very chatty talking with me and the teamster as we rode from the circus to the set.
Could you imagine 30 Rock in the Trump era?
And crude oil and HIV.
Montreal Man is far more clever than Florida Man.
Imagine the spike in crime on that night.
Neither. Both the vampire and zombie templates change one's type to undead, and you have to be a humanoid to acquire either template.
Remember when everyone was talking about bath salts? Good times.
Nah, the real best way to eat popcorn is to mlem it up like an iguana.
Best eaten while wearing a FCUK shirt.
Tacos. Aww yiss.
Hasn't he also allowed other companies use several technologies that his companies developed, for zero royalties?
Could you imagine if Earth had a sister planet like that? We'd have had people trying to go there since the 1960s or earlier.
Worst: The GoDaddy commercials with the basketball player who wants to be a musician.
Other problems: 1) It doesn't point to any particular god e.g. you can't say, "There must be some sort of prime mover, therefore we know that Jesus died for our sins." 2) There could be multiple prime movers. 3) The universe itself could be the prime mover; no god is necessary.
Hidely-ho indeed.
A guy I know. His name is Adam.
Is anyone else using summer jobs funding to promote a specific political agenda?
Newborns cry a lot.
Yeah, and Homer beat their brains out!
Like caviar, it must never touch metal.
I'm a newbie about ~1,500 jumps into an ~1,800 jump round trip for a famous explorer. I can't shake the feeling that any minute someone is going to say something like, "Why didn't you just take a wormhole?"
Those GoDaddy commercials with the basketball player droning on about how he wants to be a musician.
I would argue that any form of mind control is *violent*, and violence for the wrong reason is evil.
Does Ravenloft fit the bill? IIRC it's somehow cut off from the gods of other planes, and there's no proof that their gods exist.
I've heard of homophobes being secretly gay, but this is something else.
I mean that I'd lump it in with forcing someone to do something at gunpoint. It's using force, but forcing someone to surrender is generally better than hacking him apart with an axe or burning him to a crisp with a magic spell.
&gt;The only problem is that I will be 26 by the time I start school and 30 by the time I finish it. You're going to turn 30 whether or not you go back to school. I say go for it.
It was John Krasinski. When did he get all muscular? Because I think I'd have a shot if it's him from before that.
A (makes me want to hit the) bottle episode.
A wedding chapel.
Like the first 10 or so years of my life. I took baths.
This joke is somehow older than Yelp itself.
Why won't my parakeet eat my diarrhea?
Wait; did he become some sort of zombie for a few games?
Wallet inspector!
You wouldn't even have to do anything; just appreciate Muslims for getting you the day off work.
The thief believes everyone steals.
At least it's not colon cancer.
No, you wouldn't.
That's why you need to learn a darkvision spell before you learn an invisibility spell.
Dungeons &amp; Dragons.
Take up gardening. You can make a mint on perfect dragonfruit.
It's a show for people who like Superman shows, except the parts with Superman.
I don't think he knows what the word "ally" means.
[Obligatory Flight of the Conchords link.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=g8qDNi2-Yg8)
Yeah. My building's garbage chute is only big enough for grocery bags. Then again, I don't use it anyway because it's gross.
Ever sleep in only to be woken up by a caffeine withdrawal headache? I have.
Oh, bubble loaf! Yeah, that's good stuff. Edit: It's kinda strange that some people call it monkey puzzle bread. Monkey puzzle is [a type of tree](https://www.google.ca/search?q=Monkey+puzzle+tree&amp;source=lnms&amp;tbm=isch&amp;sa=X&amp;ved=0ahUKEwifgs_H17HbAhVpJDQIHeQeDaUQ_AUICigB&amp;biw=1536&amp;bih=727#imgrc=evvj7NW5erQ3GM:) that's super-duper pokey.
...Oh.
...How old is your girlfriend?
Maybe the explosion and debris travel along the nearby hyperlanes, overloading them and rendering them inoperable for a few years. It would give the local civs a chance to get poised for the ensuing resource scramble.
Hey, now, be fair. Ford Nation is in Ontario.
I like them both.
What about Dong?
What if I'm the best liar I know?
The insurance company didn't pay. They ruled it was an act of Daniel Jackson.
One time I stumbled while climbing some stairs and put most of my weight on the top part of my bent big toe. It was so painful that I just sat down and silently marveled at how much it hurt.
*Homo sapiens*
A gamma ray burst. But that could happen at any time.
They taste good.
Every kind.
During your own wedding. And not with your spouse-to-be. With one of the guests.
Now consider that a mythic Fireball with mythic maximize can do 300 points of damage at level 20; more if it's also empowered. Could that just straight up turn stone into lava?
Disparaging The Boot is a bootable offense.
The government's stated reason for legalization is to deny organized crime a revenue stream. If we can get some tax revenue and reduce police/court/prison costs in the process, so much the better.
...Hold on. You keep everyone's brush heads in the same cup?
In wet cement.
So to speak.
Full head of hair, and I look young for my age. Good teeth.
I misread that as "baby cow" and was confused.
Shoulders of giants.
Wow. So many people acting like pissy little bitches over hypothetically being called racist.
Mueller plz.
That makes it a less appealing conquest option for the fleshbags.
There is value in not depending on the U.S. for our dairy; especially now that Trump is talking more and more about restricting trade.
*Influence.*
With dijon ketchup.
My Tinder bio is already 100% honest. ...I don't get a lot of matches.
Ten bucks says that some or all of that video clip will show up in the next *Last Week Tonight*. The last two episodes have had clips of that Speaker.
I dunno. These days I'm at high risk of ocular damage from rolling my eyes at people's nonsense.
OP said history, not pre-history.
Is this specific to Family Matters? I'm burning through Brooklyn Nine-Nine pretty quickly at the moment.
I hate when people put their feet anywhere that isn't expressly for feet.
Why was she eating noodles at a barbecue?
I was a little kid. It was during a camping trip. I was hanging out with some other kids in the trailer and thought it would be funny to take a drink from a box of wine. It was, and I kept doing it. Eventually one of my parents saw that I was staggering around. Then I slept it off.
All my stuff is on it.
Eco-meat?
I think it's Biol 495 that has a different subject each semester. When I took it, it was Ecosystem Physiology. It took us like two classes to figure out what Ecosystem Ecology even means. It was a really fun course, and the class size us really small (like six).
Only two thirds?
Why do you live in a Chinese restaurant?
When I unplug my phone after charging it, the screen turns on and I have to switch it off manually before I put it in my pocket.
Movie franchises don't number their movies anymore. Should I watch *The Bourne Ultimatum* before *The Bourne Supremacy*, or vice versa?
I can crack my left shoulder sort of like a knuckle. If I don't crack it every few hours, I get mild but sharp chest pains on my left side.
Too much caffeine makes my bones feel shouty.
We should spend what we've agreed to spend.
Most movies, actually.
Based on that photo I'm going to assume that he just wears his old Ronon Dex costume as an everyday outfit. He can totally pull it off.
"You liked Black Lightning? How about Dark Matter, then" --Netflix apparently
A large glass dome over my bed, and hydraulics to lift the bed into said dome. Then I could sleep under the stars but still be warm.
Ol' Banana salad.
I like to think that they're doing PCP and smashing eachother's knuckles with a ball peen hammer.
You mean to repost this?
*Cooperative Calligraphy*
Sorry not sorry?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rgU4Oum8SLg
Not making your bed is more sanitary anyway.
Antisemitism? Bear with me. The elephant graveyard represents the Jewish ghettos to which the Jews were relegated for much of Europe's history. The government justifies this marginalization saying that the hyenas are too greedy to respect the Circle of Life, and will ruin everything if they aren't held down.
Yep. Also, you're isolated from the rest of the world except for a few sketchy traders. Banished takes place in Best Korea.
Everything. I doubt I could think of a single wedding-related thing that doesn't make me at least a little uncomfortable.
About a week and a half later I realized, "Wait a minute. Nicole was asking me out. I must have seemed like a total jerk. No wonder she seems mad at me."
*Gandhi
[Frog's Theme.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9YsAyO9oW00)
This rule is shouted, not spoken, so it qualifies.
I think that Pastafarianism should promise 72 breadsticks.
Grade them.
Maybe he was just being racist.
"She was only my daughter for a short time."
Be the change you wish to see in the world.
Azerite-powered catapults?
I'm not falling for that one again.
Well, it's not like this is the prime timeline.
Another case of poachers turned gamekeepers, perhaps.
I thought it was funny.
I smell a groupon.
I'm currently playing a household with 3 dogs and 4 cats. I gotta be all, "Calm your tits, game."
I thought he said that the Mueller investigation was all false confessions extracted via torture.
In the event of a TPK, you could skip ahead a few decades and really show the effect that the BBEG's victory had on the game world.
Very legal and very cool. Cool cool cool.
Yeah. I remember the first time I saw Mark Addy in a GoT promo. I didn't know what to make of it.
*Do they give a Nobel prize for attempted chemistry?
I would like to *be* one of these stress-reducing cloud pillows, please.
My first thought was that I could build a bunch of really shitty ships just to sell and fill up my rivals' naval capacity. Then I use my good ships to roflstomp them.
&gt;Canada won’t have to make any changes to its immigration policies in light of the agreement because it already meet its 23 objectives. Then what's the point of signing it?
Twist: They're both normal volume, but the floor between them is particularly sound-permeable.
[Patton Oswalt had a good bit on this.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AhkP0RWQ68w)
Mama Yeti in E.V.O.
I had all four removed at the same time. General anesthesia. Was groggy for a couple days after that. I had been told that the codeine painkillers they gave me would be fun, but they didn't do anything interesting.
On the scale of [the projected heat death of the universe](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Graphical_timeline_from_Big_Bang_to_Heat_Death), the universe is quite young.
Total War: Civilization
"You're not going to out-hippie me, you fucking hippie!"
Is leonine the right word?
Antibiotics.
Nah, that makes too much sense. Turbans for everybody!
Nothing.
No. Good matches are based on complementarity, not symmetry.
If I could choose where I'm born*, I'd give Sid Meier's Alpha Centauri a shot. Sure, there are mind worms and planet busters, but the technological advances in the game would make for a very high standard of living and an unlimited lifespan. *I wouldn't want to risk being born in the Hive.
The first time I bought toilet paper.
Not the sugar-free ones, though.
Caffeine.
I'd be relieved. The relief would quickly give way to a mix of curiosity and fear about what comes next.
Telling a joke and knowing someone liked it feels good. Telling a joke and knowing that thousands of people liked it is even better.
What's wrong with the bun?
Annie are you okay?
Whenever anyone asks me what I want for Christmas, I just say, "Chocolate." Think about how nice it would be if we gave each other candy.
Oh, sure, but when I take off my belt and put it in my locker before using the men's room, *I'm* the weird one.
It would be legal in *Can*ada.
Nuh-uh, it tasted like Tasty Wheat.
That's not a lion, it's a tiger. Possibly a lioness.
All glory to the hypnocat!
Phrasing!
"Ohhhh, noooo! She got away! Come baaaaack!"
I dunno; that sounds like a lot of walking.
He's not kidding.
I was at the liquor store today and this song was playing as musak. I thought, "Oh, they went for it. How about that." Then I realized I don't care.
Not with *that* attitude.
If only it were like *The Sims*. I just use my ray gun to freeze them.
Masturbating is free and, if anything, good for you.
I broke the tip of my left pinky finger. I was very young. I was trying to get into my brother's room, and he was trying to block me. I was too young to understand leverage, so I tried to pry the door open from the hinge side. My brother slammed the door on my finger.
In honor of the Christmas season, [*White Wine in the Sun*.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fCNvZqpa-7Q)
That's when you start looking around the walls for a diploma. Then you notice the firemen calendar.
Then there's that weird Jeri Ryan - Obama connection.
I'm losing my perspicacity!
The biosphere is overflowing with viruses, bacteria, and toxic fungi. They are so endemic that they cannot be bypassed; they must be eliminated completely.
All Confederate monuments make no sense to me. Why would you want to be associated with those evil failures?
Where did your creator come from?
Read books, watch TV, and plan on exercising but end up watching TV instead.
Do gold nuggets show up on metal detectors? I don't know, I just remember that scene from Breaking Bad where Walt knows that the scrapyard's electromagnet won't affect his wedding ring.
Nothing would make me happier than proof of a benevolent god and a paradise awaiting me in the afterlife. Please please please show me said proof.
I'm pretty sure that Will Wright was explicit about that when he pitched the first Sims game.
I can't tell if that bystander is crying or snapping photos.
Two by two, hands of blue.
Especially the Reapers in Dead Like Me. They yank your soul out of your body just before you die so you don't suffer. Then they console you.
When young people's fashion was ugly to me. Back in my day, high-waisted jeans were called "mom jeans", and you'd be the subject of ridicule if you wore them! *Wanders off to go yell at clouds.*
If I drink a beverage by swallowing at a steady rate, I can feel the moment I no longer have the hiccups.
Say nothing but racial slurs.
But I live in Alberta. Live rats aren't allowed here.
Ever go to RATT after a final and drink until the place empties out and then fills back up again?
Also you wouldn't be able to wear skis.
The Prairie Farm Report. As a kid I saw it as a boring thing that got in the way of cartoons. I watched it again recently and found it fascinating. They showed how one guy rigged up a chainsaw to the hydraulics of a front-end loader to make a safer way to prune branches in his orchard. Another episode had a guy who discovered a new mutant variety of potato in his garden. Said potato has pinkish flesh and a distinctive flavour. The show detailed the regulatory hurdles he'd have to clear before he could scale up production and mass market it.
Why not both?
I could have sworn I've seen others, but they insist that this is the last one.
Surprisingly quiet motor vehicles.
I read that the next big thing in eye care is artificial lenses (as in the part of the eye) that are even better than healthy natural lenses. They promise better than 20/20 vision.
Modern-day shaman
To be fair, he doesn't have to be at work until like noon.
This is a departure from Stellaris's usual "deliberate, remorseless Hitler".
I wonder what's going on in the Prime Timeline.
Orange fan mad?
Correct me if I'm wrong, but didn't the Alliance dispatch operatives to interfere with the Horde's initial azerite mining operation at the Wound?
It's not really about who initiated hostilities. The Alliance reaction to discovering azerite was, "I don't know what it is, but the Horde wants it, so we'd better stop them from getting it." How can you possibly live in peace with a nation that treats you that way?
Caffeine.
By that time the Alliance had already demonstrated that they were unwilling to coexist peacefully with the Horde. Should they have just waited around until the Alliance launched a first strike?
Are you going for the One With Nature achievement? Because if you're not, farms and pastures are the way to go.
Some people seem to get really mad at you if you call yourself a Trekker. I just call myself a Star Trek fan.
Oh, and for the record, there was an episode of *Happy Days* where a guy literally jumped over a shark, and it was the *best one*.
Okay, then I guess you'll have to make sure your workers are educated, unless you're also going for the Uneducated achievement. I did both in the same run, and I struggled to keep everyone fed. Are your food buildings fully staffed? Because I've found that you get diminishing returns as you add workers. I'd try sprawling out and building more gatherer's huts; 44 gatherers spread across 22 huts will have a better output than 44 gatherers spread across 11 huts. Also make sure that there are storage barns near your food production buildings. Then again, that'll take a lot of stone and if you're not trading it'll be a challenge to get enough.
from the standpoint of water
There's a YouTube channel called [FudgeMuppet](https://www.youtube.com/user/FudgeMuppet) that does rather lengthy Elder Scrolls lore videos. They're still releasing new videos regularly.
I gave him a slimify serum and now he looks weird.
You too, Shooshy.
I don't know, man. People go to museums to see re-creations of cavemen, and they aren't especially sexy.
When that happened to my current household's babies it seemed to come and go randomly.
Honestly, I think that the anti-bullying trend of the last few years started when middle-aged people were frightened by the term "cyber-bullying".
Did Homer shave right before that? That's pretty impressive considering how drunk he was.
A couple of things. First, "conventional" crop plants today have been drastically altered through selective breeding, often with the aid of mutagens that cause random changes throughout the plant's genome. It's very easy to pass along some unintended changes as you select for your target traits. It's a lot like how so many purebred dogs have all sorts of health problems. By contrast, more modern techniques like binary vector or CRISPR make specific changes to a plant's genome, and it's easy to "proofread" your work to make sure you didn't insert the new genes somewhere that breaks an existing gene. Second, having plants produce their own Bt toxin is much more targeted than spraying an entire field with pesticides; you're less likely to kill non-target organisms like bees and butterflies.
The Sims 4 handles hairstyles with hats quite well.
Tell jokes. They don't even have to be original; most of my top comments are jokes other people made up.
Have lots of money already and invest it.
Many welps! Handle it!
Sounds like you all might have been gay to begin with.
I think it was a Jessica Simpson reference.
Maybe this is how fish see us when we swim.
*You're* fake!
[Lions led by donkeys](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Lions_led_by_donkeys) is its own expression.
Also sounds like "unfit parents".
Borderline artistic.
Implying that sending dick pics to a woman with a few degrees is worse than sending dick pics to a less educated woman? How does that work?
Which god?
/r/MurderedBy96Rubies
Your textbook's bibliography is a gold mine.
I see you've played Knifey Spooney before!
Gonna paint your wagon Gonna paint it fine Gonna use oil-based paint 'Cause the wood is pine
I'm not made of airports!
Don't cry because it's over. Smile because it happened.
I initially thought you meant a blockbuster film set in my town.
Patrick Stewart.
Stephen Merchant. He co-created The Office.
Bread. You take some fungus, mix it with water and some crystallized grass extract and wait for it to get foamy. Then you mix in some powdered grass seed, manhandle it a bit, and then bake it as it gets foamy again, thus preserving the foamy shape. When it's still warm, slice it and smear some cow's milk extract on it and it is *heavenly*.
I don't find them scary so much as repulsive.
Just a string of racial slurs. That's the worst reply to most things.
All dressed?
Better environmental stewardship (maybe).
I'm not sure. But I started a new character a few days ago and now he's level 38 with five maxed-out stats. Update: Level 62 with all stats maxed.
Because shit's fucked.
You're the lady that called the guy fat, aren't you?
Clone High
Hermione can't draw Hermione can't draw Hermione cannot draw She only reads books and she cannot draw Even if she's reading a how-to-draw book
Oh, yes. The one in Tropico 5 has time travel.
"It's the Leaning Tower of Cheez-a!"
"Could" be going towards schools and hospitals.
Nah, the square is the worst IMO.
Honorable mention for the donair. The donair is a Canadian variation that substitutes a sweet garlic sauce for the tzatziki.
Turkey dinner with all the trimmings.
True, but the past is a terrible, terrible place. I have hope that the future will be better, and don't want to miss out on it.
The bird or the construction apparatus?
Edmonton?
I get the feeling that the next time I have a photo taken with a lady, I'll go meta and talk about this video.
Katniss Ever-Dean
You. Single-handedly.
Marnie is right there, trying to avoid eye contact.
It's the bovine equivalent of fruit by the foot.
I like to order some buffalo chicken nuggets (or "boneless bites", as they call them, but who are we kidding?) and wrap each bit of crust around one.
How are you supposed to see and breathe if everything that excludes you is frozen?
I've noticed that HIMYM didn't air in syndication very much after the finale. The ending was just that bad.
First it's weird, then it's really good, then it's *really weird*.
Palpatine wasn't very fleshed out when Return of the Jedi was first released.
I bet you'll have plenty of salt for it.
How about "Everybody *Hates* Raymond"?
Well, I'm still outraged.
I always go for the Registan of Samarkand from the colonial era. Then again, I generally don't bother with shipyards until I can build aluminium mines.
I had a dream where a sensei-frog told me, "I will now tear up this symbol of our friendship, for what temple can stand against life itself?"
She's lucky that chair broke her fall.
So you're saying I should take up hunting?
I don't think they roar. Better to totally blindside your prey.
*should have
Coping With Senility?
Be the change you wish to see in the world.
*Are* we, though? If they made noise they'd be even funnier than farts.
I wish that social media had an easy way to screen out people's pictures of and posts about their kids. I don't care about what your kid did.
I've read that there was a saying that the pigs in Acadia ate better than the peasants in France.
What's so great about that?
I'm pretty sure it doesn't in T6. In T5 it did, and you could see the change on the building's info pane.
I know, right? Bigotry sounds exhausting.
Pincer.
I'm not a fan of running short distances, either.
Go to a baby's funeral.
The textiles industry doesn't have a great environmental record, either.
Needs one of the vendors wearing the stuff an adventurer sold him.
Are you like me? Do you hold off on reporting the assassination attempts because that would stop the flow of daedric wakizashis?
What's passive about it?
26
Ew, gross, he's picking his nose!
One of the first things I do in most new games is buy extravagant ring, steal that grand soul gem from Galbedir, and then (once I have some cash) have another enchanter make them into a ring that does 100 shock damage on target. I use it primarily on cliff racers. Especially the ones who take forever to descend.
I'm pretty sure that you're required by law to laugh maniacally while firing that.
Villagers need all four food groups for optimal health. They can survive for a while with less varied food, but their health will gradually decrease. An herbalist can offset this a bit, but early on, when you need an herbalist the most, it can be hard to spare the worker. I'm fairly sure that corn and wheat are the only foods in the cereal category. The protein category includes meat, fish, eggs, and nuts.
Yeah, but that 52% includes a few people who didn't even show up.
Inb4 we see tons of humans dressed like the guy from the South Park WoW episode.
This guy... This is the guy!
That makes sense. All this time I never really looked at it and guessed that it just highlighted similar buildings so you don't build them too close together.
Try to get your friends to start calling you Chief.
First time I saw it.
*You're* 2019!
I've got an irrational one for you: Louise Fletcher. She could be the nicest person in the world for all I know. After seeing her as Kai Winn, though, I just have a conditioned reflex to hate her stupid face.
I followed a link from that article, and that Groundhog Day cartoon is, IMO, more provocative.
What's the catch?
Good enough! Let's go.
Pert 'N Popular, sir.
It seems it's been that way forever...
How high do you have to be to get into a bite fight with a police dog?
Roller blades.
The other day I fired up *Conquest of the New World*. I wouldn't call it a classic or anything, but I like it. As for old games I play the most, that would be *Sid Meier's Alpha Centauri* and *Master of Orion II*.
Everyone seems to have a different ranking for their favorites of the franchise. For me it's 2, 4, 1, 6, 5, 3.
My first move would be to test out the ability to see its limits. How far can I go? How often? How much can I bring with me? Best case scenario, I get a job ferrying equipment up to the ISS. It's so expensive to send things up by rocket that I could undercut it and still make a mint.
I enjoyed the episode, but I think the director went overboard on shots that are lit blue on one side and orange on the other. It got distracting after a while.
It feels weird agreeing with Iran.
T3 and T4 has a grid system, too; it's just much more granular. IIRC a road is at least 4 tiles wide.
For a second there I assumed that this would be on /r/insanepeoplefacebook .
That's a sentence you don't hear very often.
/r/LeopardsAteMyFace
All this time I've been literally pouring sugar on people. Boy is my face red.
A child molester. It probably won't affect how the game goes, but they're definitely the worst people.
Why not?
It'll make you Hurwitz.
Statues are for winners.
Play conductor, of course.
Storyteller.
I would check the message I left for myself. I know that future me would know to leave a message for me, because future me remembers getting the 2040 phone in 2020.
He looks like a lizard-man wearing a shark costume.
The baseboard has a mouse-hole that AFAIK has never been a plot point.
The latter just makes me think of [this song.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pophN0sF2UU)
If I'm getting the chair, a pound of popping corn and a stick of butter.
But are you only saying that because you secretly think you're smart?
Seems like a lot of work for a slight enhancement to water.
Group therapy.
I don't know about carbon monoxide, but nitrogen (or any other inert gas) asphyxiation should be totally painless.
So, meth.
Honestly I'm just focused on how bad those waffles look.
That's pretty classy of Moleman, considering that they were rivals in the film fest.
Picass-awoo!
Human?
Whatever it is, it's clear that Tom Arnold *loves* it.
I don't know if it's from drinking a lot of coffee, or just my palate changing as I get older, but I rather like the taste.
Buying all the food and just destroying it, creating an artificial famine.
Don't worry. Darkness is what you experience when your brain tries to process visual information but has no input. When you're dead, there's no you left to not see anything.
This one girl lied about how she got pregnant.
I'm pretty sure that people say it that way as a joke.
I'm told that very rich people will hire a hair stylist to come to them to cut their hair, in order to not have to drive to and from the salon.
Doesn't look like it. Maybe Epstein not killing himself has distracted them from Patton's late wife.
Surely you mean kresh fibres.
But what if someone develops an AI that's better at doing science than you?
*You're* getting worse all the time!
I'm confused. When exactly did he tell you that he calls himself Indiana Bones?
It's what gives us our powers.
Me after I looked up the difference between "farther" and "further".
On TVTropes they call that [colon cancer](https://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Main/ColonCancer).
Pee. I'd do that even before I knew that everyone else was gone.
Smear poop all over the office, all the while shouting an endless stream of racial slurs.
That just raises further questions!
I'm looking at YouTube videos on my phone. I decide to go do something else, but I see the title of a video I kind of want to watch. So I leave YouTube open so I can watch it later. But later, I open YouTube only for it to reload and lose the video.
Especially the one with the special barbecue sauce.
I love [30 Rock's sendup of it.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WlLtAeesr7M)
Aw, you should have doubled down. "Hotel Transylvania 3 is a *masterpiece!*"
"That's not what 'Chicken of the Sea' means!"
Evolution does not have a goal.
*can't
*it's
Nitpick: The singular is also spelled Skeksis (but pronounced "skek-siss").
Back in the day I was backpacking in New Zealand and a hostel had a world map where guests were invited to stick a pin into their home town. The U.S. had a ton of pins along the coasts and like, *nothing* in between.
Mad About Me a.k.a. the Star Wars Cantina song.
Turns out that COVID-19 makes you sterile.
Dude knows his way around a long black caulk.
JOEY DOESN'T SHARE FOOD!
Modern plumbing.
Lots of things. For starters I'd probably travel a lot and enjoy nature while it lasts.
A tall glass of fuck you.
So I just read the first link, and it absolutely *reeks* of gatekeeping. If anything it lowered my opinion of the discipline of history more than it it did my opinion of Diamond's work. Are the /r/badhistory links more insightful, or are they more of the same?
I wonder how we'll survive this. 2020 wouldn't be so merciful as to end things halfway through.
I initially thought he was trying to devise a way to get it to stay on the lathe better.
I hope he neglected to wear eye protection so that pineapple juice spattered in his eyes and started to digest them.
Don't. Praise. The machine.
He's also brave. More than once he refuses to compromise the care he provides to his patient(s) when he's told to by someone pointing a gun at his face. Some people are seen as badass because they give zero fucks. Phlox is a badass because he gives all the fucks.
Mine are rather liquid.
Only on those rare occasions when you have foamy diarrhea.
Shit, shower, let beard get more ridiculously hobo-esque. Ah, quarantine.
Why were they fighting in the first place?
Yeah, eventually trading for logs is the only way to go. A herdsman raising sheep, a tailor making coats from the wool, and a trader exchanging the mutton and coats for logs will outproduce a trio of foresters by a huge margin. And use less land. And keep your town more stable.
Breakfast.
Harvest Moon on steroids.
Slowfall. Feather reduces your encumbrance. Also, IIRC a Slowfall of 0 will negate falling damage without actually slowing the speed at which you fall.
I recently learned that it's actually "silt strider". I'm not happy about it.
"You're making a mountain out of a mole, Hil."
Maybe I'm weird, but I like to plan ahead and have a nice big 5x3 block of 10x10 stockpiles near where I eventually build my trading posts. Then I store tons upon tons of logs for a nice buffer. Having multiple trading posts helps, too.
I always thought they should just call it "hazard pay".
Fuckin' David with the candy cane.
No. Most of the time when I'm home and awake I wear pajamas for comfort. It would feel weird taking them off to go to bed.
No, don't.
In the thumbnail she looks like a blond Alec Baldwin.
Reddit Dead False Gods
I go to Silvermoon pretty often. But mainly because it feels like my own private city. Also I'm a mage so whatever.
QI reference?
Might be a nitpick, but I was given to understand that evil alignment was never inborn in FR drow the way it is in orcs. It's just that their society is so screwed up that most of them turn out evil; the few who don't generally die young.
/r/cashstandingup
How the fuck should I know?
Bend that wang.
Satan is a real man!
Citation needed.
A string of racial slurs.
The laws of thermodynamics.
Oh, okay. They're BML now? We need a shorthand for the Bare Maked Ladies, that's how *fundamental* they are?
*Your soul.*
But before they seceded the slave states didn't mind passing laws to force people in free states to return runaway slaves, so...
Seriously, do you have brain damage?
*moove
What about if a SAM unit attacks a bomber out in the field?
Coming up next: Make your own ladder.
Not a great fit, but I'm reminded of the [Gish gallop](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Gish_gallop).
The show has generally been pretty (dare I say?) woke without being super-preachy about it. Hopefully they can stay true to form.
Saying that alien life definitely exists is like holding up a lottery ticket and saying that it definitely won't win the jackpot. Yeah, the odds are overwhelming, but there's a (very slim) chance you'd be wrong.
Weird dealbreaker but okay.
We never even saw alt-Draenor's Saurfang brothers.
How is giving in to bullying pragmatic?
And then the next time China wants us to do something, they'll know exactly how to get us to do it.
SATAN IS A REAL MAN!
People are surprised by this because it doesn't fit his gangster persona.
The Human Fund
Fewer.
Rachel Bloom reference?
Depends on with whom.
Or when the guy drives into the side of a milk tanker and it bursts into flames.
I'd have the Stargate program be revealed to the public without a big timeskip. Suddenly you have a whole planet with upjumped technology trying to come to terms with a new reality. I'd expect there'd be a *massive* push to build a fleet of interstellar transport ships so that people could emigrate to new planets without the bottleneck of the Stargate. How many people do you think there are on Earth today who are so poor that they'd jump at the chance to start a homestead on a new planet? We could be looking at over a billion potential settlers. It'd be a lot like Mass Effect with Tau'ri colonies popping up everywhere (in places that turn out to have problems conducive to planet-of-the-week stories). Individual nations would launch their own expansion endeavors, and inevitably butt heads with each other. Multinational corporations would strive to become multiglobal corporations. Meanwhile, this expansion heats up the conflict with the Lucian Alliance (who could steal some of the Asgardian technology to keep things interesting) and sours relations with allies like the new Jaffa nation. Then there's the threats from Pegasus you mentioned, and from any new galaxy they make contact with. That should be plenty of conflict to sustain a series for a while.
This is one of the more Scary Terry-esque ones.
Anything you want. But it's not in stock. But we can order it for you.
When I was in grade 1, a classmate stole my glue stick. My mom had written my name on the side with a sharpie, so the thief taped a rectangle of orange construction paper over the name. This made it easy to spot when she left it in her desk. She was not good at stealing.
I think that guy just enjoys the depravity of it.
Drow skin is generally charcoal to jet black. Before they were evil, their skin was... dark brown.
In the Forgotten Realms setting, a powerful curse turned their skin black and made them ultra-sensitive to sunlight, forcing them to leave the surface and take refuge in the Underdark.
Probably because blackface (sometimes?) used black pigment instead of a more accurate dark brown. Drow elves are described as actually having jet black skin. But Shirley wouldn't know that.
&gt; That crosses a line, and draws a circle. Sick reference.
Just because they have black skin doesn't mean they have melanin. There's high magic fuckery afoot. And the albedo effect would be a bitch if you had black skin but no melanin i.e. you'd be more sensitive than an albino.
Yeah, that's a decent workaround. I prefer jet-black Drow in-game, but I would certainly never do jet-black Drow makeup on account of how it might be misconstrued.
You can be honest and tactful at the same time. If someone touts the virtues of being brutally honest, I can't help but wonder if they're in it for the honesty or the brutality.
&gt; Alcohol comes in second because christ can people be stupid. Yeah, smart people put alcohol first.
Hawkeye: War isn’t Hell. War is war, and Hell is Hell. And of the two, war is a lot worse. Father Mulcahy: How do you figure that, Hawkeye? Hawkeye: Easy, Father. Tell me, who goes to Hell? Father Mulcahy: Sinners, I believe. Hawkeye: Exactly. There are no innocent bystanders in Hell. War is chock full of them — little kids, cripples, old ladies. In fact, except for some of the brass, almost everybody involved is an innocent bystander.
It's quite good.
