I followed my trans friend on instagram who has like 70k followers and the next day my explore feed was full of mastectomies. Algorithm is stronk.
https://www.healthline.com/health/food-nutrition/why-do-i-feel-tired-after-eating#diet
Isn't there a feature on the AirPods to make them play a sound if you lose them?
I'm not sure Trump thinks that tactically. I get the impression that Trump and his cohorts truly believe what they're doing is good for the American economy, like the trade war is just another real estate deal. And so far their strategy has always been to double down.
How are joggers on their way out? they're just slightly more modern looking sweatpants.
My question is did they make this because there was a hole in their door or did they make a hole in the door to make this...
It's an "Ask You Anything" not "Ask Us Anything" which is all I need to know that this is a marketing stunt.
Artifact weapons took a lot of time to make. People forget that Blizzard basically abandoned WoD halfway through to work on Legion. With BFA it was back to "how quickly can we pump the next expansion out" all over again. People don't even seem to realize half the new content in this expansion is just recycled assets. Just look at Allied races--they made a feature that they could market to players as a ton of new stuff but in reality is less work than developing 2 entirely new races from scratch.
Surly and sinful bastards? idk about that. the joke is that they're just normal people working a low-paying job.
More likely they'll go up in price to $200.
I mean it's pretty easy to see why people like them. Your average consumer doesn't care about high fidelity sound. They care about how fucking annoying it is to untangle that wire every day.
I've never had any issue with it. Actually unpopular opinion but I think Beemo has the worst auto attacks. Beemo and Little Devil Teemo have really unsatisfying AA sounds.
Why is the 9700k never included in these benchmarks? Does no one have a 9700k?
Gerrymandering is far more widely abused by the Republican party and it's easy to see why. In raw numbers Democrats are crushing Republicans and it's only going to get worse with changing demographics. Democrats should make it their priority to get rid of the Permanent Apportionment Act at the nearest opportunity.
Tyranny of the majority? Are you a moron? The minority party has won the Presidency twice in the last two decades. The Senate is a grossly unrepresentative body by design, despite wielding enormous power, and the Electoral College and House of Representatives fail to provide accurate representation due to the permanent apportionment act. Not to mention we have places like Washington DC, more populous than both Wyoming and Vermont, yet have no representation in government. edit: nevermind you're a t_d poster, explains everything
I get pretty mad when my card is declined at target because 100% of the time it’s the POS fault, and I want my damn 5% back.
I’m skinny as hell and wouldn’t walk to work in the cold. When you’re skinny you got no fat to insulate you and cold weather is the worst. That’s why I moved to Austin.
I feel like people who put strawberry on PBJ must have been beaten as children or something to commit such a heinous crime against nature.
the only way you will fix this is to either increase the resolution and pixel density (4k) or sit further away from the monitor.
"Frequently missed"? that's the focal point of literally every article about this year's iPad. Anyway, the performance of their chips is still an interesting thing to discuss because it seems inevitable at this point that they will carryover into other devices (i.e. laptops). But something that's not discussed much imo is Apple's biggest mistake: not leveraging these chips in a console to compete with the Switch.
The shitty context menus make it a nonstarter for me.
What bothers me most about all the fanfare is that I am almost certain there won't be this level of hero worship when Jimmy Carter dies. It feels like HW's legacy is being propelled by the fact that his son also served two terms.
So was HW Bush.
Collapsed in on itself? That is such a bullshit hyperbole. BC may have been extreme near the end but it's a testament to why it's important to progress players through an *expansion* and not just a single patch. Man, I just can't wrap my head around posts like this. I hope you're enjoying this garbage expansion.
It is total bullshit. I skipped T5 entirely and went straight to BT in BC. It's why I don't I have the title for getting the vials of eternity.
What is the criteria for good driving here? I'm sure a lot of Austin drivers are considered "safe" because no one here has the balls to make a left turn. For a state that doesn't even take pics of red light runners it seriously amazes me how long it takes to get through certain lights.
i hope everyone who cuts in at the mouth of exit 240 dies a slow, painful death.
"You're fired for fucking the clientele"
I mean, there are a lot of celebrities who are a lot more enviable than Bieber. He’s kind of an idiot who has entered the Lindsey Lohan phase.
you’re thinking of Greyson chance who never became anywhere near as big.
I mean, are we really disputing whether or not he’s average looking in OP’s photo? Yeah he was a charmer as a teen star but his whole aesthetic now is basically trying to be Jessie Pinkman.
This seems like a stupid rule unless you've been working the same salary for 10 years.
George HW Bush took all our gains to the grave.
I'm waiting until Xmas and then picking up a pair because I know this shit is getting marked up to $200 in the next iteration.
&gt; This means when a web developer is working on individual browser support, they are more interested in making sure it will work well with chromium, and may skip over support for other browsers for favor of this This already happens which is why Microsoft is moving to Chromium.
This subreddit is just the Donald for people with shriveled balls. The sad thing is people buy into it.
I’m so fucking sick of reddit masturbating over SpaceX. This man can’t even properly manage Tesla. They’ve tanked the company’s reputation and quality control to meet their numbers. He’s basically defrauded investors.
On the other hand, a true high pixel density 4K display is better than higher refresh rates if you don’t care about being the next Ninja.
Laminated displays like in modern phones and tablets don’t have much reflections so long as you aren’t sitting right next to a window with the sun beaming in, and they look way better than matte.
They literally changed the Republican platform to be less anti-Russia. If you think Russia isn’t intimately involved with the Trump organization and is just stirring the pot, you haven’t done enough research.
If Trump were actually removed from office there is virtually no chance Pence would get re-elected, which is precisely why Republicans have no intention of removing themselves from Trump’s dick.
What? The exact opposite is true. With a stationary screen all you have to do is change or choose your surroundings such that you don’t have tons of sunlight hitting the screen. With a mobile device you will have to deal with reflections whenever you are outside, no matter what. I can’t speak for the S7 but my iPhone and Mac displays do not have reflections in the majority of indoor environments.
I had an endoscopy recently and I can’t even find out if I have any outstanding bills coming because there are no less than 5 billing departments that I have to go through and none of them communicate with one another.
They are still good at selling phones. Even if Apple weren't trying to pivot their business at all, having investors focus on unit sales grants you no flexibility in pricing structure/product marketing.
I got a $300 leather jacket from AllSaints and love it. Feels like leather. Smells like leather. And gets lots of compliments. I guess I'm not on the up and up but honestly /shrug. I'm not spending $1000 on something I'm not going to use every day.
They are dumb and it's even more amazing that Qualcomm has software patents like this which are seemingly arbitrary and not really having anything to do with their technology stack.
We all say this now and then the next Citizens United or Bush v Gore comes and we all get fucked in the ass by 5 hyper partisan justices.
why would you waste time deleting email ever?
I don't get the appeal either. My mother has been using the same fake Christmas tree for over 15 years. If for no other reason, think of all the hundreds of dollars you are wasting... not to mention time and hassle to go out and get a new tree every year.
I like the setup but combined with the cream colored walls and crown molding makes me lol a bit.
cheerwine is total ass.
I bought a monitor on black friday and it went down $100 the very next day... they won't price match even though it was shipped and sold by them. They said I had to return it and buy it again. PITA.
10 years
the aesthetic of the new client is probably the only thing that's objectively better than the old client...
Looks more like a weird amalgamation of Steve Bannon and Orrin Hatch. Sonic, The Alt-Right Fascist
I've been considering the same LG/Dell monitors... I'm leaning toward the Dell only because they come with 3 year warranties versus LG's 1.
Idk why this was so downvoted since it’s true... Microsoft losing mobile is going to remain a permanent blemish. That said, their recent comeback story has been remarkable.
Baron sure but Melania has made her bed.
MoP is seriously overrated on this subreddit. Maybe people just miss timeless isle or something but MoP screwed up talents, screwed up pvp and had a terrible story. Calling it middle of the road would be generous.
Nothing in that thread is proof of a B team. What actually happened is that after Reaper of Souls, Blizzard pulled developers from Diablo to work on Legion. Combined with the fact that they cut a bunch of stuff from Warlords, they simply devoted more resources to Legion. Eventually those developers got funneled back on to other projects. It's not "A" team or "B" team it is simply a company poorly managing their resources while committing to aggressive timelines in order to appease executives.
BC wasn't a lorekiller. Yeah, they made a huge gaffe with the retcon, but everything else about it was fine. WoW has been committing lore sins on an ever increasing basis since MoP.
Idk they seem like exactly the same company today as before they went private.
Tom Holland has flawless skin imo. You can see what he looks like w/o makeup on instagram. I doubt he has any crazy routine either. Just winning the genetic lottery.
Not just B vitamins. PPI's also lower calcium which is needed to absorb B vitamins. I was on esomeprazole for about 7 months when I started to notice patchy red skin on my chest and a sensation of pinching all over my body. At first I thought it was an allergic reaction to something but nothing I changed seemed to help. Then I thought vitamin deficiency and found that calcium citrate helps when you're taking PPI's because it's more easy to absorb without stomach acid. I bought some and my symptoms went away almost immediately. I'm off PPI's completely again now because I wanted to stop fucking up my nutrition and relying on supplements. Now I'm just taking amitriptyline and melatonin every night. It's not perfect as I still get dry throat in the morning sometimes but it helps me get through the day.
Idk as someone with a Nvidia GPU who just returned a Gsync monitor I don't think the real world gain is meaningful enough. And I don't think Gsync will be tenable longterm for Nvidia because of how difficult it is to implement, which results in a very limited range of Gsync monitor options. If they don't improve the situation soon then Gsync will not really be seen as an advantage.
The senate never voted on him. McConnell wouldn’t allow a vote to come to the floor because if he had, he’d have been approved.
But talcum powder is used in way more products than baby powder. Wouldn't women be getting cancer left and right from wearing makeup?
The ban that Qualcomm won is based on software patents that have virtually nothing to do with any of their actual products or technology.
no more pain in the ass than going out in the freezing cold to a tree farm and strapping it to your car.
not sure where you've lived but I find it to be about as mediocre as a Kroger and nowhere near as good as a Wegmans.
probably because you can find a lot of low quality HEB's. You will find smaller Wegmans stores but they are for the most part much more consistent from one store to another.
if target had their big grocery-style store closer to me I would always go there instead of HEB.
Heroes of the Storm is like the quintessential appeal to the lowest common denominator of western audiences. You can be mad that Blizzard is choosing to move away from the game, but the hard truth is it was a shit game from the very beginning with a lot of poor design choices. The fact that they’re putting those resources to better use makes me optimistic about Brack’s future as CEO.
Hey man as a 5'7 guy I just wanna say keep fighting the good fight. love your content.
i'm a transplant and don't have any cedar allergies. did I win the lottery?
Musk will never sell Tesla and Apple will never want Tesla with Musk at the helm.
Problem #3 is the kicker. Unlike something like Netflix which can pivot into making its own content, there's no real distinguishing factor for any of these food services that makes them a must have.
Is it really that hard to find new recipes online for free?
probiotics just seem to give me liquid shits if I use them more than a day or two.
losing rating stats was true for every single expansion though.
yep, only thing different now is that mobs scale with you.
I like living at the domain guess I'm yuppy trash.
Admiral Hugebar.
&gt; &gt; I'd say it's loony that they're doubling down on something so insane but frankly at this point I'm not too surprised- you don't become a trillion-dollar company by not providing what your customers want, and clearly Apple customers are perfectly fine with this sort of behaviour. &gt; &gt; I'd say the correct response is to acknowledge a production failure and manufacturing defect, start opening up to RMAs/standard refunds, and put it past you and move on: but I'm not worth a trillion dollars, neither are any of the products I manage anywhere close to generating that kind of value, so I've gotta be in the wrong on this- that's not what consumers want, it seems. The weird thing is that as much as companies take advice from consultants, they take their cues from greater market trends too: it's awful hard to convince your (name a random manufacturer) to act responsibly in the marketplace if there's direct evidence that successful orgs deny fault, refuse facts, and push past with sheer collected mindshare. This kind of idiotic cynicism is what makes it impossible to engage with die-hard PC types. Apple being a "trillion dollar company" doesn't put them beyond reproach. And anyway, the iPad is a relatively small piece of their business. The iPhone makes them the big bucks, and it's worth pointing out that their last several iterations have all increased the thickness of the device. Now, it is true that customers want thinner devices, and there's nothing wrong with that. The new iPad's industrial design is something to behold when you pick it up for the first time. That doesn't mean Apple hasn't made a mistake or gone too far in compromising the structural integrity of the device. Hopefully they'll figure out a way to improve the design in the next iteration. We'll have to see. But this whole "woe is us, Apple is a trillion dollar company" crap is just karma panhandling.
My argument is that this whole whinge about Apple being a "trillion dollar company" is nothing more than karma farming. It's not a conversation, it's just signaling to anti-Apple folks about how an insanely rich company is getting away with highway robbery from their obviously poorly informed loyal fanbase. It's impossible to even talk about the design flaws of the new iPad if you start out from a place of, "none of it matters because Apple is making a bajillion dollars!" We've seen Apple respond to hardware problems in the past (laptop keyboard issues, iPhone 6 bendgate), so they obviously aren't just trying to make the shittiest product that will sell at the highest price.
&gt; Where was the uproar when tyrael’s charger was available at this time last year? a. it was only supposed to be on sale in china or some other non-US region. b. there was still a ton of outrage.
&gt; They don't trust the old game design I mean, they shouldn't. The game design has been shit since at least Wrath.
The funniest, or saddest part of all this, is I don't think this even comes from a place of greed, but vanity. Trump is mad that the market is down because it makes him look bad (despite, you know, introducing incredible volatility via the trade war). He thinks that if only the evil fed chair weren't raising rates all would be golden.
They may be empty but I wouldn’t call them pristine.
yeah but what's the point when Fox News can talk them right back into insanity?
seems foolish to buy at open when the gov is still shutdown and now the media is publishing articles about a potential Mnuchin firing.
Misleading title.
My dog once ripped open a box of dots under the Xmas tree. I never really imagined dots as having a smell until then.
Except Trump has shown just how much a President can impact the market. Sure, maybe the President won't reshape the economy overnight, but he obviously can introduce a lot of volatility and uncertainty in the market, which is precisely what Trump has done.
I wasn't conflating anything. I said the President can impact the markets but isn't going to unravel the economy overnight. What part of that is conflating? Are you intentionally daft? I'll give Trump credit when he does something to materially benefit the market. So far the only thing he's done in that regard is sign a tax cut bill. Like, I don't even know why were disputing this. Are you really going to sit here and tell me if Trump were to tweet, "trade war is over! all tariffs are off!" that the market wouldn't bounce tomorrow? It's ridiculous.
Is this guy's only claim to fame being a former Apple employee? I just got a 12.9 for Xmas and honestly I'm kinda disappointed that I can't discern any noticeable bend.
agree, I've mained Teemo for years and never had an issue with Omega Squad.
I'm starting to suspect the whole story is bullshit. There hasn't been a single video that shows an iPad coming bent out of the box. The rest of the stories about it being super easy to bend are just hearsay with no real context. Meanwhile, the whole thing is getting ballooned out of proportion by every YouTuber/Media outlet feeling the need to chime in so they can rake in the views, despite not actually adding anything new. But honestly, who gives a shit? I went by my Apple store today to pick up a folio case and it was so crowded I just decided to go home and order online. All this "negative PR" doesn't seem like it's having much tangible effect outside the reddit/youtube/blogosphere.
People make unboxing videos all the time. If this were a real issue, it’d have shown up by now.
What's involved in marketing a book you self publish on Amazon? How does that work?
I've never had it bleach my pillows/sheets but all my towels and bath mats have orange spots. I'm thinking of just replacing them all with white ones.
seriously I think I've done that like 3-4 times now for Unbox Therapy and I still get his vids in my feed.
TF was added in WoD(?) and is Ion's baby. It's not anyone's fault but the devs.
2019/2020 will be the first step toward the ARM laptop/desktop imo.
&gt; "Goodwill is not a cash flow item" You're right, goodwill is priceless. Imagine how much more money Shkreli could have made if he had some.
yeah except for the part where their player retention has gone to absolute shit. Blizzard's sub rate peaked in Wrath and yet people continue to wave away past game design with a million excuses as to why it wouldn't work today. Perhaps the game designers should focus on building a game that satisfies players willing to spend $15/mo instead of chasing the lowest common denominator.
An entirely objective standpoint? Trump won in 2016 on razor thin margins in a handful of key states. The narrative that Democrats have an uphill battle going into 2020 is based on nothing but the media's desire to generate conflict.
If Trump performs like Obama did in 2012 he will lose in 2020.
apple is easily the least shady of all the tech stocks.
Your mistake is thinking that because there isn't an obvious choice now that the Democrats are doomed, but that's not really how elections work. The best candidates grow organically through campaigning, they don't appear out of expectation (see: Hillary). People haven't even started announcing their campaigns yet. By this time in 2006/2007, no one in the mainstream even knew who Obama was. Personally, I think Kamala Harris will be a likely forerunner. The dirt on her is weak. But again, saying that Trump already has it in the bag because you can't predict who will beat him now is just incredibly shortsighted.
I mean, the biggest problem with the Surface is that they aren't Apple. The tablet ecosystem is crap which means people just use them as a laptop. Imagine a 12.9" iPad Pro that could quickly switch between iOS and macOS. I bet that would be a huge seller. Unfortunately it doesn't agree with Apple's design ethos.
You can't click through any of the checkboxes or submit button. I could be wrong but given the page loads basically instantly I am about 99% sure that it isn't actually loading anything, and that "loading" progress bar is just there to deter you from taking further action. Won't be donating to them in the future.
it's definitely squarespace
anyone want to take bets that this guy isn't circumcised?
Idk my grocery store sells "hydroponic" strawberries. I'm not exactly sure what that means but they're huge, very red and pack a ton more flavor than the regular strawberries at the store. And they're not as expensive as organic.
I get them from HEB which is a Texas chain.
good to know this sub isn’t just /r/conservative anymore, it’s also the new /r/incels
that and the mean black guy who made fun of him one time really liked it.
impeaching him would do nothing since Republicans control the senate.
meh, most servers make bank and commit tax evasion. there are a lot of people worse off.
you don't have to work at a fancy high end restaurant to make well above $15/hr as a server, it's actually quite common.
Yeah that’s because some sperg pretended to be her on 4chan and then all the trump supporters made her their idol. Then she came out against Republicans in the midterms and pikachu face.
why is soda so popular? he is a whiny baby and nothing special
all the engineer stuff feels a bit overhyped, bombs get resisted like 75% of the time... also that one warrior who netted himself lmao
why would I be jealous? I'm not a streamer I just think he is kinda boring to watch and not a very nice person. He is like the Nightblue of WoW
Maybe they'll surprise everyone and make a web interface
so does this mean they're going to kill tax refunds for people with relatively simple tax situations (single, one job) unless you tell them to withhold more? seems unnerving
Obviously I meant with regard to Apple music
man steve jobs was a looker back then
If you listen to Mark Kern's stream you'll see just how crazy it was back then. He was talking about how in Northshire they'd actually paint lighter textures into the grass where the sun was shining so that they wouldn't have have to tax your computer rendering different lighting. Of course, that also meant that it would look funky when the sun moved. As a result, they cheated and made the sun only go halfway, and then go down the same way it came up.
Why do people post these completely stupid hypotheticals? They're kind of pointless to begin with, but they should at least present a challenging situation. All the ones I've seen lately are no-brainers.
I'm going indefinitely unless they pull out WoW 2 or something out of their asses. I just think retail is too far gone. Even if the next expansion is on par with Legion it still has too many fundamental issues that make it a meh experience compared to classic. Plus, I'm sure Blizzard will come up with a post-Naxx plan, whether it's new classic content or BC.
You get the calories from chewing it since the sugar is coated on the outside. That said, you probably burn more than 5 calories chewing gum if you chew it for at least half an hour, so it's a wash. But sugar free gum is obviously still better.
Most gums "last" more than an hour... the flavor is what doesn't last, but you're never going to make one that does. What you really need is a gum that has a pleasant or inoffensive aftertaste, and plenty of those already exist.
I like it.
disagree... they're on fire right now
I know none of the hyper nerds are going to appreciate this but I love the beauty guru segment, hilarious
ok this is all great now show us the mac pro
the iPad has been cancelled
desktop web browsing on iPad, now nilay patel can die in peace
HERE IT COMES
tim cook: ARE YOU NOT ENTERTAINED?
why isn't it space grey?
wait, wait, wait. The pro stand is separate? So $6k (or 7k) + a 1k stand HOLY L0L
ok the itunes segment is l0l
they tryharded way too much with the monitor imo
this guy is way too excited about JIRA to be human
I don't think he will buy the monitor tbh, especially if he's actually trying to game on his mac actually I think his whole Mac Pro purchase has been thrown a curve ball, will be interesting to see what he says.
yeah it's kind of insane given the iMac Pro starts at 1TB
they would have been better off just selling it at $6k and making the visa mount cheaper lol.
It's a shame they aren't x-mac'ing it and offering a lower configuration that uses consumer parts. :/
Even though the whole thing is kind of absurd, I wish PC manufacturers would take some design cues from Apple. The lift-up exterior mechanism is so much better than the ridiculous glass panels we have attached to every PC case. Also love the all black interior components. It has a very grown-up look.
&gt; every ACTUAL professional mac user is gonna get it. are they? seems like only high end studios that don't mind wasting tons of corporate money and apple youtubers will buy it...
??? How is the Google Play Store not "competition to the App Store" the same way the Xbox is competition to the Nintendo Switch? While I think Apple may be committing some anti-competitive practices, your comment makes no sense.
from a PR perspective they'd have been better off making everyone pay $6000 for the monitor and make the vesa mount less expensive.
I agree, but problem is he seemed super keen on only using an Apple branded display. A 6k monitor (that also costs 6k) probably isn't in his wheelhouse though... That's the only reason I think he'd consider the iMac Pro. Also, Casey was kind of right about price lol. The base model Mac Pro is terrible.
You will find that the extent to which public schools ‘teach’ about slavery varies quite a great deal from state to state...
Hey look more conservative ignorance from the conservative ignorance subreddit!
ah yeah "my administration had to move the john mccain because they fear the president seeing it" doesn't give a fuck l0l
i'm not interested in picking apart this kind of political vomit on MFA, but man you are drinking way too much koolaid if you believe all of those things. good luck to you sir
I mean, dude, you're just wrong. The way he is wearing it is not flattering at all. [Look at this pic where he actually wears it correctly (though the sleeves are still too long)](https://i.imgur.com/mGNTdO5.jpg)
Yeah, you have to be either a real sycophant or extremely cynical to not see this as anything other than a massive marketing/PR blunder.
uhh... it would have been a MUCH worse PR disaster for them if come fall everyone finds out that they pulled wool over everyone's eyes by selling the stand separately for $1,000. They should have just presented the price of the monitor as starting at $6,000. Instead they wanted to sell it on the $5,000 price point, which does kinda make sense in that they're selling these things to studios that probably aren't going to use the stand anyway. But from a marketing perspective, it looks awful.
I feel like you are overselling refresh rate. I don't know any content creators who would rather have 144hz over 4k, especially in 2019.
Usually libraries will only have a handful of copies, definitely not enough for every person in a class to borrow one at the same time. The library copies always get picked up very quickly.
I thought Monte left the LoL scene because Riot allegedly wouldn't pay him whatever he was asking?
&gt; Monte blew the whistle on Riot Caster salaries. Before Riot kept their casters in a bubble and played they way below market value. Monte called Riot out and that's when casters made a push for the change. &gt; &gt; Did he really blow the whistle though? He never said how much Riot was offering him (probably because it was still dank $$$$) The thing about market value is it's what you can get for the $$. Of course up and coming or niche games are going to pay high profile casters a lot more money (not to mention contract jobs always gets paid more than salaried workers). Riot literally has tons of kids lining up to be casters because it's their dream job. Anyway, I wouldn't feel too bad about the casters. They're probably making more money than you think.
Monte is the one who should be apologizing also it's cute that they think Overwatch is going to be fine... their viewership has already plateaued at a pretty disappointing place and they just lost a bunch of high profile esports people at Blizzard fuck I'd rather watch WoW PvP than Overwatch
&gt; It's a wierd libertarian Stockholme Syndrome addled perspective that people should get treated like shit at a job because "it's in demand." I mean, I'm a progressive capitalist, not a libertarian. But there's a difference between "being treated like shit" because corporations are abusing their position of power and not paying a salary commensurate to their competitors because League is a huge game that attracts a lot of talent. I have yet to see any evidence that their casters were being "treated like shit" and I'd be willing to bet that even before any raises they were making good money.
To add to that, unlike the Mac Pro there is even less precedent for this new Monitor. When Apple said they were making a new display, a lot of people expected an Apple Thunderbolt Display replacement. Instead we got an ultra high end reference monitor that prices out a lot of people.
Kinda surprised this is coming so soon. also bummed they aren't inviting more people.
&gt; You think they'd invest billions into it and not have a back-up plan? So what is the backup plan? Blizzard is a public company, so it's not really surprising that they invested as much as they did, especially given that a lot of competition arose only after Overwatch was released. Moreover, the real risk isn't for Blizzard but the orgs who invested in their Overwatch spots. &gt; Hell, even DOTA has viewership issues that match OW's. Great, so OW can be in the company of another title that is trending down... though I'd argue that DOTA has cemented a loyal viewership and is actually a game worth watching.
jokes on you, liberal arts majors spend way less on books
As a gay dude, I agree with you. All these snowflakes getting triggered by big corporations supporting pride are either too cynical or, ironically, quiet homophobes. As far as I’m concerned, every time people come out in support of pride (whether they’re trying to sell me something or not) that’s a drop in the win bucket for gays, and it makes it that much harder for society to regress into bigotry. Shame that this whole thread is whiney babies. I don’t know why but for whatever reason pride month has really triggered people this year. SMH
That sounds kinda suspect tbh but I'm not about to dive into it. Anyway, my claim was more of a personal observation than something grounded in science (h3h). All the money is in those fat ass textbooks for math, physics, chemistry, etc. I was a writing major and the majority of my classes involved purchasing a handful of novels that cost about $10-20 a pop. So most of my books for each class came out to around $50-70 or less. It was pretty rare for me to break $200 in books a semester.
So I started taking amitryptiline like 6-7 months ago after reading some positive stories about antidepressants for GERD/LPR on here. I have strictly LPR (globus sensation, postnasal drip, dry/scratchy throat after waking up) and it has definitely improved my symptoms to what I'd consider a much more tolerable level. I wouldn't go so far as to say that it's been a 100% cure like some other posters, but maybe like 60-70%? I also had to have my doctor up the dosage from 10mg to 20mg because 10mg didn't seem to have enough of an effect. One thing I wish other people had warned me about is that the first 1-2 days of taking amitriptyline made me feel like shit, like I had a hangover or something. That scared me off using it for awhile, but I eventually tried it again and the side effects went away after that, and I haven't really had any other side effects since then. Overall, I would say it's worth trying, especially if you aren't getting relief from anything else. It's a pretty old drug that as far as I can tell is safe, especially compared to things like PPI.
"I'm an engineer" except it's not just a metal bracket. It attaches magnetically and has a pretty unique [counterbalance mechanism](https://imgur.com/a/43J2xCT) that is designed to make it very easy to adjust. similar arms tend to go for around $300+. it's definitely overengineered and not at all worth $1,000 but saying it cost them 5 pounds to make is ... eh
Probably not considering the $6,000 display is supposed to compete with $20-40k reference displays. The real blunder here is that they tried to present the monitor as being $5k, when it's really $6k. As MKBHD said in his video, they'd have been a lot better off if they just said it was a $6k monitor and you can get it for $5200 if you want a vesa mount instead of a stand. -yours truly, apple marketing department (jk if I was apple marketing I wouldn't have stepped into this PR disaster)
he deleted them? also why are you snooping on this poor man's posts you creeper
&gt; conservative vocabulary fight fire with fire, someone has to point out the irony
This article is poignant. I'm seeing a lot of people say that the Mac Pro pricing is fine because, well, it was never aimed at prosumers! That is partially true, but the display is a different matter entirely. When Apple said it was making a new display, most people expected something that would replace the Apple Thunderbolt Display/Cinema Display. Instead we got a monitor that is supposed to compete with high end reference monitors, which isn't really a market Apple ever sold to before. So they've left anyone who wants a display for the Macbook Pro, Mac Mini, or just doesn't need reference monitor specs out in the cold.
you joke but I bet you those wheels are going to add at least $200.
I didn't really change my diet. I'm already skinny and never had any real trigger foods. I do try and avoid eating before I go to bed though because all my symptoms seem to be related to sleep (that is, my symptoms only improve or get worse after sleeping). I also take liquid gaviscon advance at night.
Unfortunately I don't think the rabid Bernie fans will ever support Buttigieg. I wish Buttigieg had been there for 2016 because then he'd probably be the internet's favorite candidate instead.
Are we really going to pretend like mirroring on the iPad is some innovative breakthrough technology that Apple never thought of...
How did they "screw them over" though? This was going to happen regardless of whether or not they invited Luna. You're woefully naive if you believe Apple needed to see their tech to implement the feature into the iPad (which, let me remind you, they could have done without inviting Luna at all). Mirroring/remote desktop are not new ideas.
Moreover, the idea behind luna display/duet isn't even original. It has existed in many different implementations across other platforms for ages. The only reason those companies exist at all is because Apple hadn't implemented their own solution for the iPad yet.
This thread couldn't be more wrong. Morello's having 20% CDR made sense because that was an item you bought specifically for CDR. You chose to buy it first so you can get CDR. Having + CDR on every defensive mage item is what doesn't make sense (Zhonya, Banshee). That's what takes away the choice of getting a high + CDR item first or a defensive item.
Better yet, why are his children involved in state affairs AT ALL?
FPS games are garbage and Blizzard should stop investing in all of them, including Overwatch
problem is the SC IP is dead in the water. Hell, they'll probably do Wc4 before another SC RTS
I love Fairlife... it's not as sugared up as most chocolate milks and has more protein. That said I'm probably going to avoid it for awhile even if Coke is making all the right PR moves...
Those guys are not doing it to get more profits... they're doing it because they take pleasure in hurting a vulnerable creature.
Lmfao and to think people on this sub downvoted me to shit when I said I didn't understand why Soda is so popular when he's a whiney baby with an awful personality.
honestly I'd rather people just stop making so many white background apps.
Went to urgent care one weekend because my thumb was swollen and hurting like shit. Some basic googling and I knew I needed antibiotics. Urgent care wanted to charge me $200, and I would have to wait an hour to be seen. Instead I went home and did my insurance's "telehealth" service with MDLive for $44. Got a prescription in 15 minutes.
they're looking for reasons to shit on the liberal areas of the country because it looks weird when all the liberal places are economic meccas and none of the conservative ones are...
That is a damn shame
I've gone to the doctor so many times where they do little more than ask a few questions and then throw a prescription at you. Imo if you're confident that you know what's wrong with you then telehealth is fine. I'm not paying $200 and waiting an hour for something that can be achieved with two photos and a 10 minute conversation.
I was imagining a chode.
I just did a roadtrip through missouri it was the same thing (except the peaches). Adult stores/strip clubs, jesus, candy stores, fireworks, and antique stores. The temptation to make fun of midwestern country people was definitely there...
Yep
I never had any issue using a cartridge razer on the balls. That skin is so mushy and flexible it never seems to get cut (if shaving in the shower w/ soap). The actual bush is the tricky part and should either be cleaned up with an electric shaver or use depilatory cream if you really want bald. Use stridex pads over shaved areas for 3-5 days after shaving and you won't get ingrown hairs.
Even putting aside hardware, Apple just had one of their best developer conferences ever. bUt wHaT aBoUt fOlDiNg pHoNeS
imagine actually thinking this this subreddit is shit
It's kinda sad to see how much supporters are attacking each other's candidates. Honestly I'd be happy with nearly anyone other than Biden.
To a Bernie supporter anyone who isn't Bernie is a centrist.
not sure why downvoted, that's definitely not beta. probably not even an alpha build.
lol wut literally all the Austin politic are liberals. &gt; doesn't mean they've implemented any major liberal policies to combat the state's conservative policies lol. they have actually, but they are fighting an uphill battle when conservative state politics so often go out of their way to pull out the rug from under them.
rent control and minimum wage laws are prohibited in Texas, and I would argue that rent control isn't even necessarily a liberal policy. I don't want rent control or restrictive zoning laws, does that make me a conservative? the city also just passed 9 out of 11 bonds in the midterms, raising taxes on homeowners. they passed paid sick leave, which the state is now fighting. at any rate, my implication was never that liberal policy is the direct cause of liberal cities being economic powerhouses.
in the middle of nowhere
I like him because he's the most charismatic, apart from maybe Beto. /r/politics babies can kick and scream their smears about policy all they want, but charisma wins elections.
I've had this thought for awhile. I think classic's popularity is going to surprise a lot of people, if for no other reason than the compounding effect of the game's social element. You have people who want to play classic right now. Then you have people who will just try it out of curiosity and because their friends are playing it. Then it just snowballs from there and eventually even people who were reluctant to play it will try it because it's the thing that everyone is doing. Really makes you wonder how Blizzard will move forward in the future if retail performs significantly worse than classic.
&gt; (gnomes are out of question tho,that just looks miserable). how dare you
It makes no sense to not have at least one.
I have/had serious LPR symptoms and my endoscopy didn't reveal anything. It cost me 3 grand to complete so after that I pretty much gave up on doctors. Fortunately amitriptyline/gaviscon have kept my symptoms to a mostly tolerable level since then.
Deep Ocean Vast Sea
I don't know, I think this is an easy take to have when you're as rich as Marco Arment. I think Apple priced out a lot of enthusiasts who used to buy the Mac Pro/Apple Thunderbolt Display, leaving a rather large gap in their lineup. I suppose it's better than not having any pro hardware at all though.
That seems like a pretty naive take. If McConnell continues to lead the Senate he will absolutely stonewall for as many years as it takes to seat another conservative. If a liberal Senate comes into play they will be able to do the same until we get a liberal President, and there will be precedent for it.
I have insurance but my deductible is $4000 so it basically all came out of pocket. In my case they were also pretty misleading about price. They quoted me about $1400 before anesthesia, so I budgeted around $2000~ The anesthesia was only about $200, but the biopsy was a whopping $960 total, so all in all I was at about $3k. Obviously YMMV. I am very blessed to have parents who were able to help me with the cost, but it has made me very cynical about doctors.
I legit didn’t realize he was Commodus until just now...
He was able to make that leap though because expandability is meaningless when you have the luxury of just buying a new $12,000 machine two years later. There is a reason Siracusa didn't buy the iMac Pro. Moreover, Marco's needs are actually not that great. He could get on with a 15-inch MBP and be fine. Even in a world where he needs Xeon CPUs (he doesn't), he has virtually no GPU needs. In other words, if you want to have high end Mac hardware and expandability, you're boned unless you work for an employer that can afford to set money on fire.
imo ditch the mac for peas or green beans.
That's like saying CNN is playing favorites when they report projected winners before the actual results are in. They show the superdelegates for Clinton because they are on record as supporting her, which is relevant information for people googling the delegate count. To add to that, superdelegates that had pledged to Sanders would have also been counted. It's not a conspiracy.
Putting aside that this is all nonsense, are you really not able to distinguish between two American private companies and a foreign government?
Rigging an election implies that they stuffed ballots or cheated somehow. The best you could argue is that the DNC set into motion the optimal conditions for Hillary to win, but that is a far cry from cheating.
That's because the level cap is 40. When the level cap is 60 IF will become the main hub.
All the more reason they should include an RP-PVP server at launch.
Does it though, or is that just the conventional wisdom? At any rate, the only reason I'm even interested in this monitor is because it has the least garish stand design of all the 1440/144hz monitors on the market.
Why *not*? If the RP tag is just to designate a place for roleplayers to congregate, why not give them that option on a PVP server?
A change.org petition is not evidence of anything. Emerald Dream is one of the most populous realms on retail, and as you pointed out, there is nothing stopping someone who doesn't roleplay from playing on an RP-PVP server.
&gt; Not counting Asia, there are 22 realms with more population than Emerald Dream. There are just 12 realms more populous than Emerald Dream in the US. Of those realms, only three (Moonguard, Wyrmrest Accord, and Area 52) launched at a later date than Emerald Dream. Two of those are normal RP realms and the other was a PVE realm that received free server transfers from five overpopulated realms. Emerald Dream launched nearly a full year after the game's release. &gt; 25 realms might be all we get in Classic. That's 1 realm of each type for each region. With 3 RP realms thrown in for US-East, US-Pacific, and EU. I'm not sure where you're getting those numbers from, but ultimately it doesn't matter. Since virtually every RP-PVP realm launched much later than the game's release, I don't really see any evidence to suggest that a realm being labelled "RP-PVP" deters players from choosing it any more than a regular PVP server would.
&gt; And I don’t see any evidence to suggest that a realm being labeled “PVP” would deter anyone from Roleplaying. It wouldn't, but obviously having a designated realm for roleplaying helps people congregate and build a community around a few select realms. Which if the playerbase for RP-PVP realms is as small as you claim, should matter. &gt; But as you said, there were never any RP-PVP realms on launch. So let’s go with the old #nochanges. /rolleyes It honestly blows my mind that you're going out of your way to argue against something that people clearly want and hurts no one to add. But you do you, man.
You don't hear that argument being made because it's wrong. All of those changes fundamentally change the game, even achievements. Adding an RP-PVP realm at launch changes nothing to the game itself.
Ah great, so your argument has come full circle now. Later dude.
Great... so they're doing ray tracing after Nvidia has already had a headstart and still crushes them on performance. And AMD already powered the Xbox, so being in the next model doesn't change much.
Yeah the iCloud app is so bad people evidently didn't even know it existed.
The alcohols are not a big deal as they are fatty alcohols. Sodium laureth sulfate however is not good and will work to undo the keratin treatment. Personally I wouldn't buy a salon branded product. There are plenty of boutique brands that most salons already carry.
I never really understood why anyone cares about raid firsts enough for it to draw in sponsors. Like, I kinda understand the appeal for arena (though I still think it's a pretty underwhelming esport). But who really gives a shit who clears wow raids fastest, much less classic raids that have already been done before?
I had to stop buying those because it was too easy to just munch on them until the bag was gone...
Yeah IIRC traveling back and forth between the quest giver and the quest areas was like 90% of the time sink.
Does he though? He goes out of his way to label himself as not a Democrat and undermine the party institution. It's not just about voter consistency, but clawing for every single Democratic seat. Even if Democrats were more consistent, the whole country simply isn't going to flip progressive on the turn of a dime. Seems like someone like Nancy Pelosi has done a lot more actual work to give progressives legislative power.
Modularity is pretty important for a lot of people though, and leaves both machines as big compromises. EGPUs are an expensive solution with worse performance and their own host of problems. The iMac Pro is an all in one that locks you into a monitor that you may not want, and you might not need Xeon or ECC memory either. I never understood why Apple won't build a consumer tower, and I understand it even less with the new Mac Pro. Is it really that hard to just use the same tower design and offer consumer part options? The only cynical reason I can come up for them not doing it is because there are a lot of whales (see: YouTube) who will just buy it anyway.
I mean that $8500/year number sounds just as inflated. You could own a much cheaper car.
Same here. I was one of the lucky ones who got a free upgrade when the 2012 battery crisis was going on. I was just wondering how long I was going to keep this machine. Tbh it does feel kinda slow compared to my work 2017 13", but I'll be holding out at least for a redesigned keyboard.
Nah, it's worse than that. They're accusing the guy of targeting streamers.
lol you got downvoted, came to say the same thing. How the hell does anyone expect government to function properly when half the country is dedicated to undermining it?
Super liberal policies like *what*? Man this whole subthread reeks of ignorance. I can't believe people are upvoting this shit.
The homeless epidemic is far, far more nuanced than a simple need to arrest people for public defecation or drug use.
People don't think things through. With regard to layering, the answer is actually pretty obvious. Blizzard learned the hard way with servers the first time around. They made way too many, which created a myriad of technical and social challenges as the game's popularity waned. Blizzard wants to provide a good experience for players on launch, but at the same time they want to create as few realms as they can realistically get away with. Not even just because it saves them money, but because it's better for the long term health of the game. Ideally, they never want to be in a situation where they have to create connected realms again. Their solution is layering. And while it's not a perfect solution, it is better than the alternatives.
So they're shrinking the size of the regular X? That seems lame, especially if it comes in at the same price point.
no they're arguably much more important for before the pimple has popped. they help all the crap beneath the skin surface so that it will pop on its own without busting all your capillaries.
He hasn't proven anything though, just idle words and twitter rants. If he really wanted to go to Harvard he'd buckle up, take a year off to go volunteer in a poor black community and try again. But this isn't about going to Harvard, it's about conservatives whining that the whole world is somehow against them.
I mean, this guy is only facing consequences because he's a public figure. Yeah, you can argue that's unfair to him, but that is the cost of having a platform to espouse your views from (liberal or conservative).
While McConnell is majority leader? None.
&gt; I dont have a hair dryer at home, so I let my hair dry naturally. Could that be the reason? yes, go watch some videos on blow drying your hair.
There are some drugstore shampoos that are ok in terms of not relying on sulfates to clean hair. There's also a lot of drugstore shampoos that just plain suck. Usually (not always) salon brands will have more ingredients that are good for hair like fatty alcohols and plant oils. This tends to be more important for things like conditioner/leave-in treatments. Also, salon products may be using higher concentrations of desirable ingredients than cheaper drug store brands. Cheap conditioners will usually rely more on silicones. Hairsprays/styling products are a wildcard. I haven't found any high-end hairsprays that work significantly better than say, Tresemme. Styling products vary so much in their effect and how they react to different hair types that it's really just a matter of trial and error to find what works. Overall, look at the ingredients.
Same here, this is a very welcome surprise.
Most everyone, but still some people dead set on making him an AP twitch. Screw those people. Minor quality of life changes are all Teemo needs.
If you want to play Teemo like a marksman there is nothing stopping you. The changes Riot presented only limited his play style choices.
His mid lane matchups are much harder than top lane. The longer lane isn’t really a big deal.
Thanks for doing God’s work, friend.
Ironically, one of the only reasons I'm considering the LG 27GL850-B is because the stand is less gamer-y than anything from competitors (but could still be improved). I hope you put a lot of thought into the design of the stand.
I don't really care about the memorial thing but "it's constitional because the cross has been around a long time" seems like an awful argument.
You have to give him credit, he's more politically savvy than the rest of the GOP. Trump has long been critical of the war in Iraq. He recognizes that it was a large reason for Bush's downfall and he leveraged that to distinguish himself from the field during the 2016 Republican primary. For that reason alone I don't think war with Iran is likely, even though Trump has surrounded himself with the . typical GOP warmongers.
Isn't a library really just one big playlist? I don't get it.
I don't see what the big deal is. Plenty of games that rely more heavily on communication (League, Fortnite etc.) do not have language specific servers. Even though I expect classic to be quite successful, the reality is that there is not enough demand to provide every language its own set of realms. The whole point of layering is to help Blizzard consolidate realms so that they continue to feel like massive communities even in the long term.
Idk that seems backwards, Italian is way more fancy than Spanish.
There will be a 6.2(?) to replace the XR. It won't have 5G.
This video convinced me 100% that Nubrac was right all along and Nightblue3 is just a douche. Also, it points out a major flaw in the punishment system that I've long known about--as long as enough players report you, you'll be punished regardless of whether or not it was justified.
Attunements ironically were such a great time gate. It actually involved doing something in the game rather than just waiting X days for whatever raid to open up. And it felt satisfying when you completed them.
This is why we need to get off LCD and move to OLED or something better.
That would be nice. Sadly I feel like all the manufacturers have given up on pushing resolution in favor of this shitty ultra wide fad.
It's not just how they look like, it's how they act.
These posts are just typical reddit contrarianism.
The whole thing is a retcon. There was never anything about fel magic turning orcs green in the original games. Drinking Mannoroth/Magtheridon's blood turned orcs RED. It was all retconned for that stupid ass movie.
Well, I disagree. To me it feels more cliche, especially the way the movie handled it. I feel orcs all originally being brown makes them more, how do I say? Human... and less alien/unique to the Warcraft universe. Like they're supposed to be the OG Africans or something. And it makes fel seem like some weird existential threat like climate change. Lame. Drinking the blood of a pit lord and turning red was a *choice* that some orcs made. That's what made shit like Grom's story in Wc3 so impactful. But that's just my subjective opinion.
Didn't read the novels so can't speak to that (uh). I know BC introduced brown orcs but I can't remember anything in the game itself that said fel magic turned them green. I always thought it was just a different clan and a sort of shoe in for the Mok'nathal. /shrug
Not sure what there is to discuss, seems pretty predictable.
I like precision/alacrity either with overheal or coup de grace. Triumph is a feel good rune but only helps after you've already killed someone.
I feel like we're presenting this as black and white when it's not. AT&amp;T obviously lobbies a lot of different politicians because there is a lot riding on it for their business. You can argue the merits of that, of course, but AT&amp;T has been gay friendly for a long time. IIRC their CEO has been an outspoken supporter of gay rights for years.
I think alacrity is just a really strong rune, and it's important to get some attack speed either from alacrity or the +10% rune or both. Personally I like double +AP runes to help last hit and then alacrity for the attack speed. It's all playstyle though. I've seen iPav go electrocute/precision a lot whereas xBlotter does more aery builds.
Anything here we didn't already know?
&gt; you'll never see them again in most situations what has this game become
not really surprising, her character has always been poorly executed in WoW. Idk if it's just that they don't know what to do with her or what but she doesn't live up to the hype of Wc3/previous literature at all. Also her voice actor is awful.
I mean, we're only looking at the front here but presumably they look like that because of the absurd junk they got in the trunk, which seems to be the "in" thing right now... at least for straight people.
Wouldn't hold your breath on that one.
Changing the game didn't cause a decline in League, competition did. When you're at the top it's much easier to get knocked down than to keep growing. And who cares if CS has a steady population? DOTA has a steady population. Both games have plateaued.
Reusable bags are terrible for you. They grow wings and murder your first born at night.
Idk why you were downvoted so much. I also make this regularly. The only "tricky" part I guess is not overcooking the egg, which is why I let it cool down first and use the leftover pasta water to heat up the egg.
&gt; a number of WinCE phones were flatly superior to the iPhone at the time of its release. Superior in functionality, maybe. Certainly not in ease of use or design.
I mean it wasn't even just copying it was arrogance and being slow as fuck to market. Android was a very different product pre-iPhone. There is nothing to say Microsoft couldn't have copied the iPhone faster and beat Android to the smartphone market. But they didn't. Instead Ballmer was laughing at it.
That's what he said...
haha yeah because Blizzard never makes stupid decisions.
What's going to be different? Something something Sylvanas was possessed by the old gods all along?
NBC embarrassing itself right now
Booker's eyes are gonna pop out of those sockets
It's really amazing that rural America owns this whole discussion while kids are getting shot up left and right. This country is a joke.
I'm gay and opportunist Gabbard can go fuck herself.
They can, but I don't find her words sincere. Moreover, its one thing to have had middling views on homosexuality 10 years ago like Hillary Clinton, its another thing altogether to have said the awful things Tulsi has.
She didn't just hold those views in her youth, she held them as a legislator.
I'm glad Buttigieg is in round 2 cause this debate was boring af I guess it could be worse, last year's first GOP debate was the most insane lineup ever... Carly Fiorina, Bobby Jindal and Lindsey Graham arguing for an hour over how hard Iran should be bombed.
What new studies? It was one of the lowest polling issues for Democrats.
Yeah call her a centrist but that was good. She'd make a great VP.
Do people who like Tulsi just not know anything about her other than her anti-interventionism? Her entire career screams opportunism, not authenticity. Also, I wish there had been a question on TPP. We're getting shit on by China and our only answer is taxing our citizens with tariffs. This is an issue that progressives need to evolve on.
Shadow and discipline priest are also screenshot but yeah it's really weird lol.
Do you have more LPR-like symptoms? I am on amitriptyline right now but I might ask about Gabapentin because there was a big study in the news about anticholinergic being linked to dementia. [This article](https://www.refluxgate.com/laryngeal-sensory-neuropathy) seems to suggest that Gabapentin can also be used for LPR.
Looks like Gillibrand has the backbone that Tulsi didn't last night.
just tax Amazon!
Holy shit Harris just wiped the floor with these fools
Buttigieg: YO! holy crap I got called on...
slaying his chances
It's a shame Bernie didn't actually answer that question because the argument that we can't do M4A because it hasn't worked on the state level fundamentally misunderstands how healthcare is supposed to work.
he already played his only card
Yes, Gabbard is trash.
awww shit Buttigieg you just made me nut on this religious shit
I bet you live in missouri
go back to your cage
He supports UBI so he gets those single issue voters, same reason anyone likes Tulsi
If I were Buttigieg I would have been like sorry I'm not a dictator or a reality television show host.
Republicans already have teachers and nurses covered.
man just own up that he's a bad candidate and totally uncharismatic. Even his PSA interview was middling at best.
you're woefully naive then.
Carbon tax AND dividend
oh jesus not another pass the torch
Dump all these fucking losers and put Bernie, Buttigieg, Biden, Harris and Warren on a stage. Everyone else is a waste of time.
they laughed because he's a stupid one trick pony
Jesus christ, for all the people who whinge about the DNC, people like Swalwell are exactly what they should be filtering out of these debates.
Why? Do you own an assault weapon?
Yang is a joke which is why he got no time.
I mean, the reason this is so shit is because they've obviously made cuts to the quest design team, so I wouldn't get your hopes up.
Nepotism is basically everything in the video game industry. Riot is the same way. I remember they had writers on payroll who basically did nothing at all for years. Sadly it's one of the jobs that's seen as something anyone can do.
I like how Yang apologists are saying he was just being polite and following the debate rules. For starters, that's not how these debates have *ever* worked. Secondly, Buttigieg was able to get his voice in *without being asked* and without going Gillibrand-level insane multiple times. Have a commanding presence, for christ's sake. His answers were meek and rushed even when he was given time to speak. The dude was caught completely off guard the very first time they asked him how he would implement the freedom dividend, which is supposed to be his CORE issue.
People acting like they cut Yang's mic for the entire duration that he wasn't given a question is just... get fucking real. NBC wasted like 15min on Wednesday because their back mics were picking up noise. If Yang wasn't a charismaless chump he would have stood his ground and made noise regardless of whether or not his mic was on. Getting sick of this victim narrative.
You don't have to be a raging lunatic like Gillibrand to get your voice heard. Buttigieg didn't have that problem. Even Williamson and Swalwell didn't have to be that aggressive. Moreover, the point is if you're being railroaded then make that clear in the moment. Don't just pout in the corner and then cry to twitter after the fact. But the reality is Yang was visibly nervous and a poor speaker even when he was specifically called upon to speak. He's "likeable" to the crowd of cringe, single-issue libertarian keyboard warriors. That is not going to be enough to justify his presence, much less make any headway in the polls.
The wow token absolutely hurts the economy. I don't understand how people don't get this. It makes buying gold much more mainstream and creates a huge incentive to farm gold (because it can be traded for something that's not in game items), which ultimately causes runaway inflation.
Cosmetic item shop didn't ruin WoW but it definitely makes it a worse game for having it.
Go play retail then, it's a great place for like-minded folks who don't understand what inflation is.
???? the game has plenty of gold sinks. The problem is you're introducing demand for gold from something *that is not in the game*. Adding more gold sinks won't solve that problem, as evidenced by retail.
It DOES add gold to the system. The ability for players to trade gold for real money means players will extract more gold from the game. That is how supply and demand works. I’m not going to keep reexplaining this.
i don't even know why this is a discussion... what ranged tops? Cass, Ryze are broken in mid AND top... vayne is a shit top even against melee as she is super easy to gank. oh and Vlad who is annoying but not completely OP i can't believe we're even talking about this when the power creep of morde, irelia, akali, fiora, irelia, camille, ornn, darius, aatrox, garen etc is insane... all those champs have gotten massive buffs this year + conq which is still broken af
yeah but kennen is garbage and camille is not
I mean this whole thread and the last one are a joke, people acting like vayne top every game have obviously not been maining top
&gt; Alkali has a garbage win rate yet she's dominates in pro play and dominates high elo . meanwhile none of those champs are played top in pro play except cass and ryze which we already know are OP
This is likely the monitor I've been waiting for. I don't care about HDR.
I like it but I also think crossovers and trucks are stupid yet the market is in love with them, so I won't pretend that my opinion is what's necessarily good for business.
The biggest hurdles to a Mac gaming PC are macOS and Nvidia, so without any developments on that front I’m calling this rumor bullshit.
This feels like a natural evolution of the 850 though, so hopefully it comes out sooner...
he's talking about [this one](https://i.ytimg.com/vi/kzb3agZ_P7A/maxresdefault.jpg), unfortunately I couldn't find the original either
They already have a 1440p model of this same monitor though. Some people can get by on 4k
Personally I’m pretty sick of people justifying or downplaying military escalation by parading the opinions of Iranian Americans who obviously are predisposed to disliking the current Iranian regime. Liberals aren’t fretting over Soleimani’s life, we’re fretting about the potential for retaliation and a further escalation of military conflicts.
Me too buddy, me too.
Personally the "normal" results for me were a complete disappointment as I spent upwards of $3000 on mine. 3 grand to be told you're normal and the doctors don't know what the fuck to do with you is not a great feeling.
probably vaporware but it still looks cool. I mean, it's kind of amazing that none of the other console vendors have tried to copy the Switch yet. They were all happy to jump on trends like motion tracking (lol).
everyone with their pet theories about Mazda's philosophy when the fact is ain't no one buying cars anymore. It's all crossovers now. here's to hoping they can subsidize the future of this company as I just bought a 2019 Miata RF and it's a dream.
Maybe it's just me but I've always thought black background app icons look terrible.
If you're going to use a cleanser you'll need to use a moisturizer of some kind. Otherwise you're just going to leave yourself with pretty dry skin.
Bernie voters should love Buttigieg. He's the only reason Bernie has a shot right now.
Idk why people have such a hate-boner for Delaney. His policies basically fall in line with what Biden/Buttgieg/Klobuchar and the other moderates are proposing. Also his proposal to raise the capital gains rate makes a lot more sense than a wealth tax, which imo makes him a practical progressive.
Shit man I've seen Bernie supporters say WARREN is a conservative. It's a joke.
that would require them to have the capacity to feel shame.
those are pretty shit reasons, but keep pretending you're not a partisan. It's a good look on you!
How can you tell who is answering truthfully though? Right wing posters have a history of this kind of false flag bullshit (see /r/walkaway). Shit just looking at OP's post history makes it obvious this thread is just bait.
&gt; Democrats fought tooth and nail against a higher minimum wage until Bernie forced the issue into the mainstream, and even then they tried as hard as possible to find ways not to go up to $15. Even that is less than half where it should be given inflation. What the hell are you on about? Virtually every Dem candidate has been for higher minimum wages since before anyone outside Vermont even knew Bernie's name. And Democratic states have been raising minimum wages for years without Bernie... some of you Bernie nuts need to get your heads out of your own asses.
Am I the only one that doesn't trust someone else to do their grocery shopping? Like, this would feel useful until the second time you get a bad batch of bananas.
looks the same to me.
you know how shadows work, right?
I didn’t realize Sarah Huckabee Sanders would be hosting this debate.
Very dignified response from Sanders to a very undignified question.
i honestly could not care less about making sure people working in the insurance industry have a job.
government can make bombs to kill people but make life saving medication? that's just crazy talk!
blue ocean floor - justin timberlake
You’ve got that backwards
why the hell is money market at 1.5% ...?
People act like wait times are nothing in the US but that’s not the case for anything that’s not like basic urgent care. Most doc appointments will be scheduled a week+ out, longer still if it’s a specialist, surgeries can be 1-3 months. And in many areas the popular docs, especially things like dermatologists, aren’t even accepting new patients.
&gt; On a different account, I was banned for telling the buyer not to admit to the dealer that they had the full cash available to buy the car. I recently bought my first car and kept reading about this and how dealers make all their money on financing ya de ya... so I went in ready to have them just give me the financing deal. Turns out they did not give two shits if I was financing or buying, nor did it change the offer they were going to give me at all. So... YMMV.
Well if you can pay in cash then presumably you have 20k... that's what above poster is talking about.
But they still did negotiate the OTD price lower though when I asked.
Wait you mean designing a hero based FPS where swapping heroes is part of the games inherent strategy is a terrible idea and defeats the whole point of having heroes in an FPS? Gee...
I thought we were getting new designs for the iPhone 12? Another refresh year w/ a new color would be incredibly disappointing.
I made contribution withdrawals to mine last year and I was never able to get Turbotax to calculate it correctly. I switched to Freetaxusa.com and it has a place to enter your contribution basis so it calculates it correctly.
Lasik does not cause farsightedness. They're most likely experiencing presbyopia which is a natural result of ageing.
I just got 0.9 on my new Mazda as part of a year-end deal. Probably big names like honda/toyota don't feel much pressure to cut deals.
yeah... I'm sick of the "I'm sick of seeing this" threads. Just upvote/downvote and move on.
I want straight hair. Wanna trade?
Exactly this. "Proprietary map editor" and "moral rights" these were all things that existed in Wc3 and Sc1 where custom maps flourished... SC2 sucked because of the hosting system, not this fake hysteria.
Idk that I’d call HomePod great
honestly I don't even know why Republicans are bothering to fight witnesses so hard. they're so shameless at this point that there's no doubt in my mind they'd acquit Trump even if Bolton testified to everything.
apparently the art was outsourced.
Did this thread hit the nail on the head? if someone is tired and mopey it doesn't seem like a secret that they're unhappy. heavy use of humor that doesn't land or is self degrading is probably the only accurate response I've seen here.
I used to moderate comments on FB for healthcare companies. This kind of drivel was par for the course. There are some really stupid people out there.
They need to add an in app toggle for dark mode. That it permanently uses system wide dark mode is the #1 reason I prefer Google. Also, their dark mode implementation is just terrible.
Hunger is always a chore. Making farming take longer doesn't change that.
To add to that, their supply chain doesn't run through Russia either.
I personally don't see how $60/yr for some extra features is a viable business model for an app like Fantastical, but they're welcome to prove me wrong.
Lol I got banned from r/conservative just for having a post history in subs they don’t like.
Raising the capital gains tax is far more plausible than M4A.
This is about the long-term rate for people currently making above 440k taxable income (20%). The proposal would set long-term gains at the ordinary income rate for households making above $1mil.
They actually make a [body wash](https://www.amazon.com/CeraVe-Salicylic-Ounce-Fragrance-Exfoliate/dp/B077TWXCQV/ref=sr_1_1?crid=278WBAV7TCOOW&amp;dchild=1&amp;keywords=cerave+salicylic+acid+cleanser&amp;qid=1591280496&amp;sprefix=cerave+sa%2Caps%2C162&amp;sr=8-1) now, it's literally the exact same ingredients as the SA cleanser for face but comes in a different bottle that is slightly larger. But yeah at least on Amazon right now it looks like the face one is cheaper per oz.
It’s hilarious. Musk drank the libertarian narcissism kool-aid but, like every other Silicon Valley libertarian, he’s so far up his own ass that he can’t recognize his own hypocrisy.
If Amazon were to be broken up, who would benefit? Definitely not consumers.
Not everyone invests on a 30-year timeline.
I don't know, I feel like if any of those beliefs were deeply held he would not claim to prefer Trump over Biden. It seems like the only time he actually supports left-wing candidates is when they are openly working against the party (Sanders and Tulsi Gabbard). How genuine is that?
Ah yes, from the campaign that spent almost nothing in key battleground states... they sure did everything to stop Bernie! It’s all a DNC conspiracy! I say this with complete sincerity — I hope one day you guys find enough maturity to do some self reflection.
I’d like to see a single poster in this thread explain what makes Biden evil.
Who cares? Literally every brand does this when there’s demand for a certain product.
There is no Korra in Ba Sing Se
One of these things is not like the others.
ACAB is the new "believe all women." That said, unlike some of the reactionary posters in this thread, I absolutely support reducing funding for the police in certain cities. Also, military hand-me-downs should be straight up illegal.
I don't think we should be basing our strategy on the optics of what conservatives are going to say. Conservatives cried foul when a black man kneeled during the national anthem.
"Democratic socialists" should hire him.
&gt; “Defund the police” to the majority of people, both who say it and who oppose it, means literally what it says—defund the police. Not “reduce police funding and divert those resources to social programming.” That's not true at all. If it were, the slogan would be "abolish the police."
We’re not allowed nuance on the internet. Go away!
I keep seeing this argument and I don’t get it. Like any President, Obama didn’t get to do a lot of things he’d probably have liked to. Should we blame the protesters too for not coming out sooner? Why did it take until the year 2020 for this issue to come to head? If you want to say Obama didn’t do enough, ok fine, but that’s a far cry from actively inflaming the situation the way Trump has, and that’s pretty much the whole point of this thread.
Lol what? There’s no story here. It’s just a juxtaposition of two pictures. Calling it fake news is absurd. It’s propaganda, sure, but frankly not much of a stretch from our current political climate. But keep on with the “reee don’t you know you’re actually helping Trump” cringe.
Probably because they can't charge what Google does for personalization. That's just a guess though.
Gaviscon advance was pretty great when I first started using it, but I've since noticed that when I experience nasty/sour taste in my mouth as a symptom it gets worse the day after I take gaviscon. Could just be in my head but I've been avoiding it for that reason (that and it's just a pain in the ass to take). Also, idk that it's that "long lasting" as I don't think it ever lasted a full night of sleep. You'd think that if it were really that effective it would actually result in the esophagus healing itself over time... idk
People wanted matte because glossy displays used to be trash with how much reflections they had. Improvements like laminated glass have since made glossy a much better option.
This is the most absurd things I've read on reddit in a long time. Social work is easily one of the least sexy jobs I can think of. Fuck, teaching high school sounds more fulfilling.
You can mostly avoid it just by living in urban areas or suburban blue states.
Oh fuck off already. Trump literally called Colin Kaepernick a son of a bitch for peacefully protesting this exact issue. How much more fucking disconnected from reality do you people have to be?
Are you certain it’s peeling and not pilling? The Cerave lotions with SPF have a tendency to pill, especially layered with other products. I’ve mistaken it for peeling skin in the past. The only other thing I can think of is there’s not enough moisture inside wherever you are, as hyaluronic acid can actually cause more water loss in the skin if there’s not enough moisture in the air.
I’m confused. Is your t zone the problem area or your cheeks? Effaclar duo is the only thing here that would damage your skin barrier. Shaving does not damage the skin barrier. Usually combination skin is just oily skin. Personally, I would not use different products for different parts of your face unless you’re actually experiencing peeling/dry skin in those areas. My recommendation: ditch effeclar duo and pick up some stridex in the red box to use on your whole face. Effeclar duo is pretty harsh and I’d only use it as a spot treatment occasionally. If your skin barrier really is damaged you should pick up la roche posay cicaplast baume and apply it to areas where your skin is most sensitive/irritated.
Yes, because some of us understand that real space is nothing like what you see in Hollywood science fiction.
I'm not in Tesla and I think their cars have a lot of problems, but I also think it's becoming increasingly clear that Tesla is becoming mainstream faster than the mainstream players are transitioning to electric. I've seen so many people on here and /r/cars make this argument that the big manufacturers will run Tesla out of town as soon as they make the jump to electric, and I'm just not sure I believe that anymore.
Stridex is an exfoliant with salicylic acid. It will work similar to effeclar duo but not as harsh.
Looks pretty normal to me, but you could do with an exfoliant. I would rec The Ordinary 7% glycolic toner a couple times a week.
Am I the only one who thinks Cheetos have terrible texture and mouthfeel?
I mean... do you really need to be the 0.1% to buy when the market is down 40% and not buy when it's at ATH?
Cannabis changes the pressure in the lower esophageal sphincter and prevents it from relaxing. It's not just an analgesic effect as above user states.
There's somethind deeply ironic about this company being founded by a renown libertarian.
How about we get rid of the confederate statue on the capitol grounds? You know, the one that cries about how Northern aggressors stole their liberties?
Originalism is a flawed philosophy that exists purely to let conservatives pretend they aren't activists.
&gt; the Fed being independent and all That doesn't mean what you think it means.
Will they have robots to carry out their invasive receipt checking at the exits?
Meh, let’s not forget how they ruled on gerrymandering.
Tbh, I'm worried we're underestimating the amount of ratfuckery that is going to happen in November across the board. We're not up against Mitt Romney or John McCain this time. Donald Trump Jr, Kushner, and the rest of them... these are real grifters.
Yes, actually. Imo it's reasonable that an app that used to be a $4.99 stand alone purchase cost $4.99/year to continue to maintain the app. But that's not what most subscription apps did. Instead they took the opportunity to basically raise prices to where the annual cost of an app is more like $20-50 or more. And that's why people complain.
&gt; The main ingredient in these products is bisaminopropyl diglycol dimaleate, which works by replacing the disulfide bonds that have been broken in the hair with new, although somewhat weaker, disulfide bonds. Something I've wondered is, is there any point to olaplex if you straighten your hair regularly? Doesn't straightening break the disulfide bonds anyway?
Yes, empathy is for liberals.
&gt; Why people give this utter moron a platform to continue spouting his garbage is beyond me. I mean, turns out that most people are fucking idiots.
idk am I the only one here that thinks single payer is probably one of Bernie's least radical and controversial proposals? you guys act like he wanted a UK-style NHS, which afaik is not the case.
Rebuild the police is a shit mantra. It's vague and leaves so much room for doubt. Yeah, "defund the police" is flawed, but it stuck for a reason. It says there must be retribution and consequences for an institution that is far out of line. You can interpret it to mean get rid of the police or just cut their budgets in certain areas or whatever, but the end result is always going to be "less police," which is all that matters to people.
doesn't seem radical to me when the industry in question is weighed down by obscene amounts of bureaucracy and puts people's healthcare at stake. like, I don't even see how "we have to keep all these jobs in the private insurance industry" is a neoliberal take. it's not at all an efficient use of capital or labor.
I mean, I think many people are at a point where they do not believe accountability can occur without retribution. It sounds harsh but it’s pretty analogous to a wealthy donor holding a politician accountable for his/her actions. Taxpayers want their due.
1 is a terrible argument as you could make that case against implementing virtually any Democratic proposal. Moreover, there’s a reason things like SS and Medicare persist, despite all the hemming and hawing from the right. It’s harder to take shit away from people than to give. You’ll never achieve anything if you shape your policy around what the opposition will do. Mitch McConnell will put your healthcare in jeopardy whether we have single payer or the garbage system we have now. And the issue is not just access. Maybe it was pre obama care but now it is about affordability. If you think a system where basic diagnostic procedures can cost thousands of dollars on employer subsidized insurance plans is anything close to efficient, idk what to say. It’s not that way in other first world nations, and their quality of care is not in jeopardy, as you suggest.
Does no one here find it troubling that this guy keeps posting this argument with essentially Republican talking points (decline in quality of care?). And every time I tell him the issue is not access, but affordability, he throws his hands up in the air and says it can't be done without destroying quality of care. First, I am not sure that we should take AHA as the sole authority on this issue. They have skin in the game, and I would like a better understanding of what "costs" mean here. Because cost as defined by what hospitals bill to private insurance companies is not at all what the cost of care is. We're also not accounting for what kind of savings we could see from medical coding. On top of that, OP cites private insurance paying 200% of Medicare rates, yet the AHA's own findings say that Medicare and Medicaid only have a 13% shortfall, underpaying only $80 billion in 2017 (rounded up), which does not seem like an insurmountable figure. I've seen the "Medicare underpays" argument a lot, but it doesn't align with my experience working in the industry. Maybe it is different with hospitals, but medical companies love taking Medicare dollars as it is essentially guaranteed payment without the headache of authorization from private insurers.
Except my point has nothing at all to do with hospital margins. If private insurers are paying 200% of Medicare but Medicare is only underpaying by 13%, that is a massive discrepancy that suggests private insurers overpay by a lot. This is not surprising since the 80/20 rule has let the cost of medical claims in the private insurance industry run rampant. Moreover, it discredits the idea that it will be too burdensome to raise that revenue through taxes and provide the necessary rates to cover the cost of care.
Cory Gardner must feel like shit.
Imo returning DC to Maryland is the only realistic option to ever happen. Not really sure what the arguments against it are other than DC residents having to pay state income tax.
Roberts's philosophy is to preserve the institution of the court, which I guess is what makes him lawful.
He is too young imo. Not even just because of age but because you haven't tried anything else yet. Retinoids take a long time to work and require diligent use + sunscreen. Go get him some Cerave Foaming Cleanser, Stridex (red box), and Cerave AM/PM. This is an easy, gentle, and affordable routine for acne prone skin that you can make adjustments to if it doesn't improve. Stridex is a holy grail product for teenagers imo. It's very effective without breaking the bank. Other people are recommending benzoyl peroxide and I just don't think that's a good idea for a first step with minor acne. BP is irritating and will bleach the shit out of all your towels.
Would be funny if WWDC comes Monday and there's nothing about ARM macs.
Calling himself a specialist is stupid, but I don't think you have to be a dermatologist or whatever to have a good skincare channel. I like watching Shundara Castion because she's entertaining and does cool side-by-side comparison videos. That said, I blacklisted Hyram and Cassandra because their videos are way too click-bait.
What are your credentials?
Oh, ok. /eyeroll.
Definitely could, it’s just been my personal experience (having used both) that stridex works better at clearing up acne. It might be the contact time since it doesn’t wash off, or that the stridex has menthol in it.
did Apple design this woman's wheelchair? lol
I'm glad they didn't announce hardware today. It sounds like they're serious about moving the whole line-up to ARM rather than the lame "here's one machine running ARM" that people speculated would happen.
I don't see Facebook Gaming having any more traction than Mixer.
people on this subreddit have been saying ARM won't scale for years now, and I am ready to see them proven wrong.
Sure, praises for the Apple chips in *mobile devices*, but I've seen tons of posts here saying that ARM can't scale to the desktop for x and y vague reasoning. And every time people post benchmarks there's x and y vague reason why you can't compare ARM to x86. Pretty soon the curtain is going to get lifted and we'll see that all the people pretending to be an authority on architecture design don't actually know what the fuck they're talking about.
The demo unit probably had Thunderbolt 3. I don't buy that Apple is giving up Thunderbolt just because of the ARM transition. It's probably not in the developer kits for cost reasons.
Yeah but the real story isn't just Apple. The industry as a whole has a habit of following Apple's lead. ARM in laptops is a huge battery life win, and there's no way Microsoft and the rest of the PC OEM's aren't going to try and compete on that front.
people on this subreddit have their heads so far up their gaming PC asses they can't see the business implications of putting out laptops with massively better battery life.
I mean, Dr. Dray is an expert and probably has more shady economic intentions than James with her thousands of affiliate links.
I know the Hytale devs have said that they aren’t looking to replace Minecraft, and I’m sure Mojang will continue to update the game for years to come. However, imo it’s just the natural order of things for a next generation game to take over. The worst thing about the MMO genre is that it’s just been WoW in perpetuity.
This has to be the dumbest possible take, and imo Intel is starting to look a lot like RIM circa 2007. It doesn't matter if Apple is only 4% of Intel's sales or whatever, the industry has a history of following Apple. Microsoft and the rest of the PC OEMs aren't going to do nothing while Apple sticks ARM chips in their laptops and doubles their battery life. I'd be willing to bet that the majority of laptop sales switch to ARM chips within the next 6-7 years. &gt; So far those bets have been losers. ARM and its Windows on ARM always-connected PCs have been slow to gain market adoption despite early enthusiasm. ARM hasn't been successful on Windows yet because Microsoft doesn't know how to get developers on board with anything. Apple does. They're essentially doing all the heavy lifting here, and it's going to have a cascading effect across the whole industry.
"The government shouldn't be involved in marriage" is not a defense of LGBT rights.
Agreed. What's more likely to happen is more sprawl.
This idea that everyone is going to move out of the city to go live in some backwater state is the internet introvert's fantasy. More likely we will just see more urban sprawl as people don't feel the need to live so close to downtown or wherever their job is.
Yeah but these days the stupid people buy directly from Joe Rogan, Infowars or whatever.
I support M4A. I guess that doesn't make me a neolib, but other than that I don't really align with the core tenets of the Bernie movement like free college for all or losing every down ballot race... so here I am.
What bill? There have been many different proposals. It's also a moot point because bills proposed during election season =/= bills that actually end up in committee and put to the floor. I guess I should have just said, "I support single payer healthcare"
People dual booting into Windows didn't "make Apple what it is today" at all, and I say that as someone who has been a heavy user of bootcamp.
Opening up the Mac to iOS games does a lot more for games on the platform than clinging to the barely-supported selection of games that currently exist.
Huh? How are they no longer in the retail business? They have more consumer products than ever before.
&gt; If a gun is available it will be used. That's not confirmation bias. That's literally the reason why guns should be regulated.
I am firmly anti-gun and believe the 2nd amendment is anachronistic. I would not want a federal ban, but I believe the states and cities should be allowed to pass whatever gun regulations they want. That said, I recognize it's a losing issue due to America's toxic gun culture. If I were a politician I would run on doing just about nothing on guns.
&gt; Plus, some of the legislation is pretty bad. Many laws don't actually solve the problem or aren't based on any statistics and are more reactionary than effective I see this argument a lot, but I rarely see gun owners tell me what good gun legislation looks like. Moreover, the reason Democrat proposed gun legislation is bad probably has less to do with ignorance and more to do with how difficult it is to pass *any* gun legislation in the face of the 2nd amendment.
I don't think she'll be picked. Between being from California and her attacks during the primary it just doesn't seem likely.
legit just saw a clip on CNN of face-mask protestors saying "my body my choice" lol.
Why would you NOT finance when rates are so low? I got 0.9% last year and I imagine you can get 0% now if your credit isn't dogshit.
Mazda Miaa
How have Democrats been complicit in pushing the country to a “far right oligarchy” ? Like seriously, how do people actually believe this shit. My god.
Accelerationism is the political philosophy of losers.
They push the candidate they believe will win. There's a reason so-called Justice Democrats lose virtually EVERY race that isn't deep blue NY districts. While it is a shame that more hasn't been done on healthcare, you are glossing over so much nuance with regards to how Obamacare came to be and how it was passed *at all*. Look, I believe progressives deserve a seat at the table and a voice in the party, but this narrative that anyone who isn't a Bernie Sanders liberal is somehow a Republican or corporate sell out or whatever other bullshit needs to die. It's just nonsense and certainly not a path that will see much success in politics.
I doubt they're growing much. DOTA was probably the last time they really grew and that is old news. Their competitors are also doing much more interesting things.
&gt; Plus, how my skin reacts to an ingredient on my chin (?) doesn't mean it will respond the same way everywhere. This is what I never understood about patch testing. I see people patch testing swatches on their arms or the back of their hands and I'm like... that doesn't tell me anything.
Lemonade is an amazing service, but I don't know anything about the business side of it. I'd love to see them get into auto insurance.
they'll just post in ourpresident or whatever
I mean, the reason it's inactive in the first place is because they quarantined it...
Hibiclens. Saw someone else recommend it here after doing some digging and can vouch that it made a big difference for me. If you're going to be shaving down there, I'd still recommend using an exfoliant like stridex/amlactin but hibiclens is what will help you get it under control. I'm guessing you're a girl so just be careful not to get it in/around your privates.
because they do
Moe is a hoe.
what's stopping people (especially rich people) from funneling all their money through corporations to avoid paying taxes?
As a Libertarian, allow me tell you about my origin. One day a group of 7 libertarians gathered at 4:20 pm outside of a Barnes and Nobles (The Libertarian equivalent of a library). After several hours of intense deliberation, 5 of them finally agreed to a definition of what a Libertarian actually is. The other 2 were rugged individualists who were simply contrarian by nature. Anyways, the 5 of them formed a pentagram while quietly mumbling "taxes are theft" and "what if the child consents though" under their breaths. After a few moments, the pentagram floor opened up summoning me, the One True Libertarian™, destined to bring 1000 years of unregulated property rights. Haha, just kidding but seriously I'm not racist for believing that I shouldn't have to serve black people.
I interpreted it less as a vote directly for Trump and more as Jo Jorgensen would just be a continuation of many of the horrible policies set forth by the current administration. Widespread deregulation, continued destruction of the state department and other executive agencies. Basically all the bad shit of a Trump administration except now you don't get a stimulus check.
as far as I'm concerned Trader Joes is the only store that has handled this situation the right way.
eh, I don't see them getting much more competitive in red states. Might be an unpopular opinion here but deep blue moderates absolutely deserve to lose to progressives.
