5D chess from the WA secessionists. The rest of the country will be pushing to make you only the second country to involuntarily become independent in history.
The above is sort of a loose summary, but yeah, only country to get independence against its will.
I suspect we will see more of this. In previous generations, the gap between budget and premium phones was enormous. Now. Not so much. I can't justify the cost of new Android flagships anymore, even if I can afford it, so am looking squarely in the midrange for my new phone. Battery Life and durability are my most important features.
His is the generic. At some point, it has to be cheaper for the government to manufacture some generics to compete
9/11 was closer to the Berlin Wall falling down than it is to current day. The Berlin Wall coming down is closer to the First Man on the Moon than it is to current day.
He brought in the dress code. So the David Stern fashion award for best dressed throughout the year?
Don't talk about Marco Belinelli like that
Short balls at &lt;130km/h. Yes please.
Ok Smudge. Just pretend you are facing the Windies at the height of their powers in the 80s, this innings is to decide who wins the greatest test team of all and whether or not it rains in SE Australia to provide some relief to bushfires. The fidget spinner only seems to make runs under pressure, so got to put some false pressure on him.
Kane Williamson wanted to get out of meeting ScoMo so badly, he got sick enough to miss this test match. Don't blame him.
Guys relax. Smith just trying to break one of the few NZ cricket records, Geoff Allott's 77 ball duck.
When we invade NZ, but make Jacinda the leader of the country. Please.
John Murray once took 79 balls to get off the mark. He was finally dismissed for 3 off 100. Just FYI. Imagine getting a Cowan but only scoring 3.
This is the village cricket version of Shane Warne and Tim May.
Just because it's hard, doesn't mean it's long or big.
It's like Jeet isn't even playing this test.
Spaghetti Bolognese pizza .
Imagine being a team that doesn't have Labuschagne in it.
Odds on NZ calling up Ronchi the next test, to ensure a top and middle order made up entirely of wicket-keeper batsmen?
Labuschagne doesn't need much more to average 60 in tests. I really want to see two guys averaging over 60 both get hundreds together. Doubt that's ever happened before.
Good find!
Wagner has bowled an English calendar year of test cricket in three matches.
I want Carey in as keeper just to piss off some of the people in this thread.
Who has delivered more pies this summer, Mrs Mac's, or NZ spinners?
NZ people, are Dad's Pies any good? They seem to have a high content of beef which I like. Thinking of ordering on my next grocery delivery.
Mrs Mac's is definitely quality. Haven't had the other two.
We have a Benaud!
Over caffeinated
It's like if you gave Dravid and Tendulkar bath salts and took away their Ritalin.
With Jeet coming back into the team, but Blundell doing well opening, the question for NZ fans is whether you bat Jeet before or after Matt Henry.
Quality Dune reference!
I mean that's fine for the 2040-2046 Ashes, but you aren't really thinking long term there.
Jeez... Tough. Breaking it down: * Team 2 has the better openers * Team 1 has the better middle order by quite a way * Team 1 has better 'batting keeper'; Team 2 the better actual keeper. Team 1 takes this. * Team 2 bowling attack is stronger (assuming peak Mitch, ofc. He had some rough years). I think I'd go Team 2. I feel like they'd be hungrier and gritter.
Yes. Go the tonk. Fuck it Wadey. Have some fun.
Pakistan's fielding.
Is that the worst review ever? Pitching outside, missing leg and didn't even hit his pad?
Labuschagne is an anagram of Lasagne Chub. Which seems entirely appropriate.
What is it with little brothers and reviews?
Handled the ball. Because why the fuck not.
Give these guys a couple of gins and let them keep going in the commentary. KOK and Smithy have lost it.
Arseall
They are about the size of Ireland.
The fires are that size. In area. They are some of the biggest fires in history.
NZ just really feeling for Australia at this test. Wanted to make sure that Australians weren't considered the worst at using DRS.
Labuschagne is easily man of the series I would have thought. Possibly MoM too, although Gary could give him a shake with another Michelle.
The problem with supporting Australia right now is the opposing fans can win any crowd banter competition by just reminding Australians that Scott Morrison is their prime minister, a man with all the empathy of scaphism.
Hating Scott Morrison as PM isn't political anymore. It's just your duty as an Australian with a heart and brain.
If it's a 'line ball' either way, they will go with the umpire's signal. Sometimes, particularly on low catches, it can be very hard to know if it hit the ground or not from the cameras, and in those circumstances they will go with the soft signal.
Concussion sub. Time to bring in \[insert Warney's flavour of the month leggie here\].
OK. You are hosting a British style panel show but with cricketers. Clearly Risbah Pant is captain of one team, and Tim Paine is the captain of the other. I'm nominating Kerry O'K as the judge in the middle. Which other cricketers are on each team (three per team, so two additional players for each of Paine and Pant)?
Glenn Phillips had a good debut. Surely he can go in the cargo hold or something. Boult bowled will pre-injury, but guess he's already back.
Wow. Warney's cap bids jumping up incredibly quickly. Already over $30k.
Reckon Warney should auction off the inflatable from that threesome he had with the two British models. Would fetch a tidy sum.
See first innings, run out, for reference.
Shane Warne is officially worth more than Greg Matthews.
Warney had a foursome not long ago with hot birds. He doesn't need to buy nudes.
I didn't know all of Barnawartha had $100k.
Good point. Well made. You could wear it to the Rippers and try and get take out too I guess.
Do you reckon Warney ever nobbled Liz Hurley whilst wearing the hat? If so, he should let people know live on air. Might drive up the price a bit.
Is CdG going for the win? Has the highest strike rate in the match across his two innings (ignoring Taylor and Starc 1st innings cameos).
Scott Muller gonna put his baggy green up for auction now too.
That we wouldn't have sex with Pat Cummins, no matter how nicely CumDog asked. Just a blatant lie if you ask me.
The face when DP from Barnawartha goes to one of the Bushfire pop ups to ask for relief money. "I need $120k for my house. And $375k for this hat. K, thanks".
Does anyone have any hats from the Allen Stanford Super Series 20/20 match they can auction?
Ok, someone here wins a brownie for correctly guessing CdG bringing his 50 up with a 6.
Labuschagne's average is only 38. Should probably drop him.
It makes me sad that NZ won't have fielded every day this tour if the match goes to tomorrow.
Just logged into Reddit. India v Australia. 4500 comments. Les than expected. Needed Kohli to stay in longer for greater shitposting. If Pant goes out now, who will we shitpost about?
Bring back Kohli. When he gets four I think yes. When he goes out I think no. Bring back Kohli.
72m is not a massive six. It was a mishit on a smallish boundary.
Jeeeez. What a throw
Let's open the batting with Agar, who says no?
Start rubbing my dick. Well if you insist.
So Rahul's keeping because Pant's down? I'll see myself out.
Wankhede is like an anechoic chamber when Australia hit a boundary.
Finch timing things amazingly.
It's very sedate considering we are going at 6.6 an over. India have not started well with the ball.
Do you think you could get a kind of sandpaper tongue (like a cat's tongue) plastic surgeried in, then lick the ball to create extra swing?
Probably telling all the others how he would have played every single ball bowled.
Don't kink shame
Bumrah knows that if he keeps bowling wide of off stump to Finch, he can go home early. 5D chess.
That was an Andy Caddick wide.
Money does
Everything is Indian food if you have it in India
Finch's strike rate is below 100. Drop him.
Dr Who secretly came to Wankhede and transported us back to the late 90s for this game.
Our threads, like our air quality, often toxic
There are no winners
I'd like to subscribe to more Finch/Warner facts
What surprises me is that no ex-AFL players that are gay have come out post career. I think that would carve an easier path for an active player, and I'm aware of at least one that, given how well known it is, I'm surprised (and actually, honestly, impressed) it hasn't leaked without his consent.
As the population of India has increased, your person to deity ratio has reduced significantly, and so this is corrected by worshipping Bollywood stars and cricketers.
Is there an Australia v India thread that isn't a sledge thread?
Allowed to have the same batsman at both ends now?
Lamb Bhuna Gosht struggling with the runs
This outfield is like a roller rink
This is a 300+ pitch and outfield. Australia behind a bit here.
I reckon if you asked Marnus, he'd want to go back to timeless tests
Slats mentioning loose bus change.... Think he's reading our shitposts fellas.
Today they are testing the next IPL innovation to maximise runs. Mario kart accelerator buttons across the entire outfield.
Not sure the world is ready for the renegades to win a match
Turner trying to protect Smith from the strike here
Bumrah with the smirk after that over. Reckon he gave him that last single.
Most teams: let's accelerate in the last few overs. Australia: let's just bat out the day sensibly and come back fresh tomorrow.
Yep. Just got the replay.
I don't want to be 'that guy', but given Butt played in both games, Amir in one and Asif in the other, and it was 2009/10, surely there is a bit of a cloud surrounding those games...
"like most bowlers". 90s New Zealand would like a word with you.
&gt;and nobody has blown anything to shit here ever. So no major sporting victories recently then?
Keith Miller smashed Princess Margaret and knew secret entrances to Buckingham Palace. Dude was an absolute legend.
They are a lot more sophisticated than that these days. Probably had a GPS tracker on him calculating load, and had to be pulled when certain metrics on that were hit.
Rugby salaries are really not that great considering what you put your body through.
They both offer false hope of a promised land that may or may not exist.
Victorinox. MAC. Misono. Henckels. Wusthof. Tojiro. Tojiro are really good value. You can get three knives for under $150 that cover most of your needs.
You can get some knives at reasonable prices. Tojiro, MAC, Seki, Misono have some reasonably priced knives. You don't have to go crazy, but now all my knives are Japanese from a variety of makers.
This game is definitely gonna suck, but I'll probably still buy it and play it thrice.
A lot of AFL players have gotten themselves into trouble with gambling over the years. Wasn't there an article mid 2019 from a consultant saying a number of AFL players had run up very large gambling debts? EDIT: And Our God Fagan said " I think it’s a massive issue. I think it’s the biggest thing we face in AFL football. " So probably not only one player.
He's not wrong, but he didn't say all fielding is overrated. He said ground fielding / saving runs is overrated. The maxim that catches win matches will never be wrong.
https://imgur.com/XHBa71T
Exactly
This is how superheroes are created. Monkey boy gonna be flinging balls at record pace now.
How many houses down is he training?
https://youtu.be/8TsL0DO-c1E Obligatory King of the Hill
Special rule for Tool. Maximum of four different time signatures per song.
Wood is safer than plastic: "Those using wooden cutting boards in their home kitchens were less than half as likely as average to contract salmonellosis (odds ratio 0.42, 95% confidence interval 0.22-0.81), those using synthetic (plastic or glass) cutting boards were about twice as likely as average to contract salmonellosis (O.R. 1.99, C.I. 1.03-3.85); and the effect of cleaning the board regularly after preparing meat on it was not statistically significant (O.R. 1.20, C.I. 0.54-2.68)."
The main point is that plastic chopping boards get all hacked up and bacteria find grooves and nooks to hide. Wood absorbs the bacteria, but then when the board dries, this kills the bacteria. And wood boards don't get hacked up as easily. In the end, it seems wood is better for home for this reason. Just wash and rinse, and I like to clean with a bit of salt and vinegar, then leave to dry.
Fremantle a close second. What is it with chonkers in the West?
Realistically, Shaun Burgoyne is going to be teaching Finn Magginess' grandkids how to play in clutch situations, so looking at the rest of the list: * Probably Paul Puopolo's last year for us. He struggled a bit last year and could see him falling away badly, given he's really a 'pressure' player. * I worry about Ben Stratton - not sure he was the right captaincy choice; he's 31 and I love him (I think he has been an underrated defender over his career), but without the speed he once had, could fall away. * James Frawley - last year as well. Honestly could see him fall out of the best 22 this year. * Controversial, but maybe Isaac Smith could fall away. But his endless run will still see him as a valuable team member, even if he isn't as impactful. But with 16 minute quarters, the "tank" may not be as important as last year.
I think the thing with JPK is that he was slow even when he was young, so he could age badly. Such a skilled player though, wouldn't put it past him to get a couple more years just using his smarts.
A shitter version of Gold Coast for an inordinately longer period. We were garbage for so long until Kennedy's commandos. He was a coach that changed football; the emphasis on fitness was unheard of at the time. It enabled the Hawks to compete when they couldn't with the traditional powerhouses on other terms. Since Kennedy coached us to our first victory, we have been the most successful VFL/AFL club. Thoroughly deserved. The Hawks are nothing without the Kennedy family, and the only shame is that we didn't have the foresight to foresee what JPK could become as a player so we could continue the dynasty. DON'T THINK!! JUST DO!
The problem was we were already pretty slow and therefore he couldn't break into the midfield. He couldn't get past the established guys, and we were already slow. And he's not quick. It wasn't COLA for JPK; that's unfair on Sydney. It was just gametime they could offer that we couldn't. The obvious candidate to leave was Sewell in hindsight, but that is only easy to say in hindsight. If we win the 2012 Grand Final he probably gets the Norm Smith to be honest. So what do you do? So it's not easy. The cold, calculating hindsight says trade Sewell, bring in JPK to get more minutes, but at the time, you can't do that in reality on the basis of potential only. It's unfortunate, but it's life. At the time, it sucks, but it's understandable. Hurts to lose him. Hurts him to leave. But if he's not getting time he has to, we and him both did the right thing with the information available at the time. Swans win out of it. But no hard feelings.
Not denying he's a beast. He's got a brilliant football brain and great positioning and is solid. But he's not an athletic specimen like many other midfielders, who do so well based on natural ability alone. He's absolute quality and underrated due to the fact he plays in Sydney. But none of that is due to physical gifts.
Because what basketball needs is more knee injuries
Even the Falz parody, "This is Nigeria" probably also applies to America now: https://www.metrolyrics.com/this-is-nigeria-lyrics-mike.html
Mysterious Skin is a really underappreciated movie. Not saying the best, but it's great. Bit depressing though. And of course, the fabulous "Priscilla Queen of the Desert". Sensational film.
I think an increased revenue share is right, but not a complete centralised pool, or I fear clubs won't all do enough to ensure their financial success and the entire comp could suffer. There needs to be some incentive for clubs to innovate, to try and bring in extra to given them the edge. But there should be greater revenue sharing, this I agree with, on the basis that the competition is incredibly inequitable at the moment and a lot of decisions the AFL makes are about maximisation of overall AFL revenue (who doubles up in games; who travels where; who gets the marquee slots (Friday nights, public holidays, etc.); which grounds teams play at and so on). If the AFL is making revenue decisions on these matters (which they are) that, essentially, inherently favours the bigger clubs anyway, then they should share all of that 'increased' benefit with the other clubs.
This, and some random checking of the altitude of other stadia around the country, just reminded me how bloody flat Australia is.
That was just absurd. That spell in Adelaide was orgasmic.
I'll have a leg slip too if Starc is bowling.
And part of you thinks that could be true.
No way he got to the US, didn't work the first few years, and bought a house in cash and a plane on only $160k.
With a cup of hot liquid that is almost, but not quite, entirely unlike tea.
A not insignificant number of people randomly die each year from bullets fired like this at weddings in Eastern Europe / Central Asia.
Satan and Hitler and Stalin and Pol Pot and the inventor of pop up ads must be having the biggest snowball fight right now.
Ok not fair to brand all of Eastern Europe on a re read. I know that's not true, as most of Eastern Europe doesn't really have a gun culture. The was just lazy referencing. But in some places, in the Balkans more I guess, they had ad campaigns "bullets are not greeting cards", so it does have some presence.
I guess October, because it's 31 days and then at the end, daylight savings ends so you kinda count that extra hour.
"No doubt". I mean. There's some doubt. Sobers. Keith Miller. Imran. Hadlee. Beefy. Kapil Dev. But also: Jason Gillespie. Matthew Wade. Most people rank Sobers as the ATG all rounder. Kallis no doubt greatest since 2000, other than Gillespie and Wade.
Easier motorboating is an advantage.
Da fuq sort of culture is it where this is necessary from anyone. Maybe train your cops for at least half as long as you train a barber and you might get better outcomes.
Looks like a fishing lure that got stuck in the mud.
Shane Battier. One of the smartest players to play the game. Severely underrated his whole career. Could hit a shot; always played the percentage play; elite defender. Always made his teammates better.
The difference is Subarus.
Yeah it's complete bullshit. I'm just hoping to catch out a few French Canadians "coq roche does mean chicken rock. Whadya know, eh."
A juicero. Because they went out of business
But "coq" exists and "roche" exists. Therefore "coq roche" exists. ( 𝔱𝔥𝔦𝔰 𝔴𝔥𝔬𝔩𝔢 𝔱𝔥𝔦𝔫𝔤 𝔴𝔞𝔰 𝔟𝔲𝔩𝔩𝔰𝔥𝔦𝔱 𝔰𝔬 ℑ 𝔠𝔬𝔲𝔩𝔡 𝔴𝔯𝔦𝔱𝔢 𝔠𝔬𝔠𝔨𝔯𝔬𝔠𝔨. )
We are also taking the cheesesteaks
It's a race. Whoever finishes first is the winner.
He must be sweating like a pedophile in a clown suit on a jumping castle in there.
I'm sure the NRA will be vocal in their support of people's right to bear arms. Or maybe the racist fucks will say nothing because they are black. Like they have every single other time something to do with guns involves a black person.
The Incredibles came out closer to the fall of the Berlin Wall than to the present day.
Hey China. You shouldn't be doing that in Hong Kong. Wait.
How much Mario themed clothing do you own?
Hopefully an end to selling surplus military equipment to police departments and more police training about use of force and de-escalation.
Help. I've been stabbed. Can you apply pressure to the wound? I'm listening.
This is great
Look, if you lose the two most fun names from the team, your only option is to do the fans a solid and bring in someone called Irving Mosquito.
Closest grand final in the AFL in years. It's tough. As much as I want to see my Hawks win, and I thought we would dominate this with our plethora of bad options, the fact that the WBD's Thor jumper was in a regular season game and the awkward corporate tie in nature of it, combined with a genuinely awful design, might just see them across the line. I'm not sure the Hawthorn jockey is even our worst - the Power Ranger still scars me years later. It looks a lot worse in person than it does on footyjumpers.
I knew what this was going to be without even clicking the link.
Mitch Morton in the 2012 Grand Final. Can't think of much before or since.
Also this: https://xkcd.com/1356/
James Sicily should do it dressed as Adam Treloar
Brain: Sebastien Vahaamahina Communicator: Israel Folau Passion: Danny Cipriani Arms: David Campese Legs: Josh Tyler Right Foot: Matt Dunning Left foot: Beauden Barrett
38 and I've written like four cheques in my life. To pay fucking rental bonds. Buy a house, buy a car. No one uses a cheque. My backwards ass landlord wanted a cheque for the rental bond. I don't remember what else I've used a cheque for.
It's hard to think of a place I'm more scared of the police than the US. Yes in many places they are super corrupt. But at least they just want money. They aren't filled with bloodlust.
Not a lady but.. Lagavulin.
You all realise the US is not a standard people aspire to anymore. You aren't exactly setting a high bar.
So how much between zero and $75m would you accept for getting your dick crushed and covered in horse semen? That's the important question. Because I reckon, like me, it is probably less than $75m. Edit: and yes I'm aware that some people would pay for this "pleasure".
It's the saddest Grand Final loss of my lifetime. I finally know what it feels like to be a St Kilda fan. You go on with such high expectations. An elite group of competitors. Not just reliant on one superstar. And you get pipped at the post. But WBDs. You thoroughly deserve you victory. Through corporate greed, incompetence and awkward deafness to criticism, you rose above the doubters to deservedly choose to put this guernsey out during the regular season and snatch victory. Well done. Gary "Whiskas" Hocking would be proud.
Um I think losing an online ugly jumper contest voted on by random strangers is kind of analogous to losing a replay of a drawn grand final, one by an unlucky bounce and just missing the grand final a few years during your peak.
Gathering a bunch of your buddies and taking military weapons into government buildings to threaten lawmakers when they enact laws you don't like in many US States.
Please tell me Nermal is a day one character and not unlockable content.
I'm actually wondering if I'm overpaying.
I came here to try and make a joke about the Trump regime not displaying one of these features. But nope. Ticks them all. Plus a bunch of others.
Shane Watson: thrusts his pad at it. "I think I'll review that one ump"
It makes sense he likes NASCAR, because in NASCAR no one has any rights. Only lefts.
With context, yes.
Jump cut. Jump cut. Jump cut.
Yours sincerely, Every comedy from the 70s and 80s.
Only because you value living
That's under 34 degrees in normal temperature. Not that bad.
Not even my favourite Emo Phillips religious joke: I used to pray and pray to God for a bicycle, but never got one. Then I realised he didn't work that way, so I just stole one and asked for forgiveness. --- A Mormon told me that they don't drink coffee. I said, "A cup of coffee every day gives you wonderful benefits." He said, "Like what?" I said, "Well, it keueps you from being Mormon..." --- I'm very religious, you know. Now, OK, if by 'religious', you mean that I go to church every Sunday, read the bible faithfully, and I listen to Debbie Boone, umm, I'm not religious in that sense... But if by 'religious' you mean that I love others and try to help them whenever possible... Again, no. But if by 'religious' you mean that I like to eat coleslaw... Yeah, OK, OK! --- So I'm at the wailing wall, standing there like a moron, with my harpoon.
"I'm not an ambiturner"
Trump: "I think I raped a Penny once".
It's legal. Everywhere. Each state's indecent exposure laws only relate to the genital area. Even if a local council has a different regulations in parts, they can't charge a woman with anything for being topless. Just ask them to cover up or leave the relevant area.
Do you not remember the Carlton m&amp;m monstrosity? I guess that was before Thor. Jumper wasn't that ugly I guess. But in terms of selling out...
It's a common misconception that we'll ever "cure" any cancer. Cancer refers to a whole range of different things, which can loosely be called "abnormal cell growth". Your body is often fighting cancerous growths off before you ever realise. We will just improve treatments until they are so good we can deal with most cancers (hopefully), but it's likely to be a mix of different treatments for different cancers depending on a massive range of individual factors.
Or do it at Essendon airport. Everyone parks their Cessna next to each other.
/u/vredditdownloader
I think the Danes have the best tech, but a lot of installed capacity around the UK as it is well suited.
How about one that was misconstrued. In Wall Street, you are supposed to dislike Michael Douglas' character Gordon Gekko. Instead he became a cult hero to many on Wall Street and people emulated him. See also Leo in the Wolf of Wall Street.
Clockwork Orange I won't post spoilers, but not sure you feel sorry for him at the end of the film. Maybe in the middle a little, but probably not by the end.
Indeed
Excuse my ignorance, but what does kaluu / kallu translate to?
You kind of left out the worst bit. They were probably growing enough food to feed themselves (or at least could have), but the British forced them to export the food to England instead and also kind of stripped people of land needed to grow crops. It wasn't a locust season or drought or anything natural that caused this famine; it was entirely man made.
Thanks for the information
We also have good candidates for wind and offshore wind, huge gas reserves and the world's biggest uranium reserve. But dat sweet sweet coal and inefficient 50 year old powerplants are just so good, yaknow. Just ask Scotty from Marketing when he brings coal to Parliament.
They are the main investor. Vestas builds the turbines, or Siemens Gamesa.
If you're not a Pakistani fast bowler, you shouldn't have long hair. If you are a Pakistani fast bowler and you don't grow your hair long, I am disappointed in you.
https://m.imgur.com/gallery/MDhbuT6
So..... You made a random dish inspired by Ratatouille.
Did you know his name in Spanish is actually "Chrissincabeza Columbus"?
Oh lots of things. Lack of sleep is associated with lots of increased mortality issues. I was just trying to say, I guess, that even if you took the "physical" out of it somehow, I actually subscribe to the theories of the mental benefits of sleep also.
This surprises no one. If they had any legitimacy at one point, they lose it when they were silent over Philando Castille. That is literally the exact thing they fight for, that gentleman for exactly as instructed and was calm and compliant, and he was killed and zero consequences for the officers. That should be their raison d'etre. But he's black. And they were police. So they were silent. So, fuck the NRA.
They're are theories that sleep and dreaming also helps us "organise" our thoughts and memories. Sleep sand dreaming may be acting as a sort of therapy as well, if you will. Those that don't dream are more likely to suffer from depression. Of course all of the "why" behind dreaming is very hard to prove. So there may be more than just the physical in sleep and associated dreaming.
All the studies show are increased anxiety, depression, weight gain, difficulty concentrating, decreased coordination etc. We don't have any proof or evidence that seller and dreaming helps us organise our thoughts or deal with trauma, etc. These are just things that experts postulate based on what the studies show.
There is nowhere near enough booing for fake Collingwood v Richmond crowd noise
David Cloke
Tbh, Daicos would be in the votes right now. Playing really well.
Two month bye and come out playing poorly. Geelong is that you?
God Grundy would look good in brown and yellow.
Just put up/u/triplewafer drawings
Surely that's a mark
Are you suggesting Collingwood started covid to increase their premiership chances?
Why put the decision on the scoreboard if there is no crowd?
Watching the original prison bars got you mad?
Game is scrappier then ill advised Scooby Doo characters at the moment
Dude is about half a metre over the line. Clear behind.
Bullshit score review. Now I know AFL is back.
It's because they don't clean the cells properly, right?
You could use Trent Cotchin's head as a stable table to eat your dinner off.
Are Collingwood the blondest team in the afl? Edit: shit BT beat me to it.
Yeah that should have been a free to Lynch.
"looked like a hand" Well it wasn't a vagina
I really hope Jack's missus says "Is it in yet?" tonight.
Dumb free to give. Was there.
Sort of fitting
The winner tonight was the company I buy my beer from.
Does.... Does your mate think it's only possible to finish top of the ladder if you're undefeated? Essendon 2000. Undefeated and miles clear on top of the ladder. Lose to the Bulldogs once. Fuck. We lost the minor premiership. They can't award it this year.
You could become Prime Minister and deny Australia's history of slavery.
We look so out of it
We should get bonus points for taking social distancing seriously and refusing to tackle.
No way Frost can keep up with Danger with his ears acting as windsocks.
The General. What was that?
We look so much better unsocial.
I don't. Heart isn't strong enough.
Gunston has gone from one of the best kicks for goal in the league to one of the worst. Edit: glad he proved me wrong.
Don't say that. We will draw a grand final, and they'll make everyone pay extra to see overtime.
Joel Selwood goes down easier than George Christensen's "friends".
Kicked it before the line. That's a goal.
They experimented end of last season with it and it worked. I'm not convinced. We miss a lot from him clunking marks in the forward 50.
I agree
Geelong fans must get PTSD seeing Burgoyne near the ball.
Soft free to us there. The Wingard one was worse.
Leaned about this in history in Victoria. I don't remember what specific year because I'm old and they all blur together now, but we learned about this.
Kind of poor it took these protests to rename the ranges. I mean... Wow. Once his dealings in the Congo came out, he was reviled back in his day. And we kept the name for another 100+ years.
Also look up "coolies". The trade basically started in NSW.
Jessie's Girl by Rick Springfield What About Me by the Moving Pictures New Sensation by INXS' You're the Voice by John Farnham Reckless by Australian Crawl To Her Door by Paul Kelly The Deepest Sighs, the Frankest Shadows by Gang of Youths Gold by Chet Faker The Less I know the Better by Tame Impala Somebody that I used to know by Gotye Flame Trees by Cold Chisel Run to Paradise by The Choirboys Throw your Arms around me by Hunters and Collectors The Horses by Darryl Braithwaite I was Only 19 by Redgum Tuckers Daughter by Ian Moss Pub with No Beer by Slim Dusty Shuddupa You Face by Joe Dolce Treaty by Yothu Hindi Beds are Burning by Midnight Oil April Sun in Cuba by Dragon My Happiness by Powderfinger I Touch Myself by The Divinyls Under the Milky Way by The Church Help is on its Way by Little River Band Working Class Man by Jimmy Barnes Solid Rock by Goanna No Aphrodisiac by The Whitlams Special Ones by George Just pick an AC/DC song Joker and the Thief by Wolfmother Bayini by Gurrumul Black Betty by Spiderbait Never be Like You by Flume Some classical guitar by Slava Grigoryan or more modern by Tommy Emmanuel Polyester Girl by Regurgitator Bad Apples by Briggs Chandelier by Sia Sounds of Then by Gangajang Riptide by Vance Joy Someday, Someday by Thirsty Merc Into My Arms by Nick Cave and the Bad Seeds Took the Children Away by Archie Roach Edit: Dragon formed in Auckland, but moved to Sydney very early in their career. Draw your own conclusions if they count or not. Arguably more Kiwi than Crowded House who formed in Melbourne, but from the nub of a clearly Kiwi band, Split Enz. Query whether the Bee Gees should be in here too.
Thanks
I only wanted one per artist, and was really tossing up between Flame Trees and When the War is Over for Chisel. Similarly for Holy Grail and Throw your Arms around me, but something about doing a group hug with random people in the pub and singing throw your arms around me kind of resonates. Nice tracks though.
Turn myself into David Cameron
That's 50 every day of the week, sorry Bomber fans.
There goes the draw. Dammit.
Thanks. Added a note.
"If we knew the meaning to everything that is happening to us, then there would be no meaning" - Idi Amin
Irving Mosquito robbed
So the US is increasing corn subsidies I take it, yeah?
It's Buddhist and not Christian or Muslim. Buddhism is more chilled on this, and some Buddhist texts report up to four genders. Also, no texts in Buddhism that could be seen to be forbidding homosexuality. Non normative gender categories form part of indigenous cultural traditions, which means there is much less social stigma around gender reassignment. Just some factors. Then they sort of became leaders in the surgery, so it becomes a destination country for medical tourism for these procedures. And Thailand already had a medical tourism industry. If you want to transition and you're American, for instance, it's going to be just crazily cheaper to fly to Thailand, have a nice holiday, eat some good food, have the surgery and do the recovery and fly back.
You think Gladstone Small and Andy Caddick and Devon Malcolm probably achieved more than Jofra had at this stage of Jofra's career. How did Tony Grieg not make it? Surely he's the first name on the list. No Colin Cowdrey is interesting.
Ding ding ding
Don't you suggest it. I am in India a lot. I can't deal with more ads.
Sometimes it's a vowel. Most of the time it is too. But sometimes it's a vowel too.
Seems a lot of people think the whole thing was a hoax and he never really hid the box.
Was literally going to write the same thing. Except 8 goals...
Against Richmond too, who have one of the best crumbing forward lines in the comp.
XXXX? It's supposed to be a salary not a punishment.
Yes...
Is it possible to want to punch a car in the face?
Voting in Australia is pretty fun. You go to your local school/kindergarten/whatever. There is some social group selling cans of ice cold drink and sausages in bread with onions and sauce to raise money for charity. You munch on some food. Chat to people. Go in, fill in one normal form and one absurdly large one. Done.
Left out by the selectors. Hope he will be picked up by the collectors in the morning.
Tim Tams are delicious. So at least he's focused on what's important.
This whole Covid thing was a plot by LeBron and China to convince more athletes to join the cast of Space Jam 2.
Another senator
Also chaturbate and onlyfans.
There are literally subs just for people to market their onlyfans/manyvids/whatever.
Swiss Miss will be next
Richmond vs Percentage tonight. Who will win.
We might bring in Sandilands to play on Bolton.
It's unfair that Burgoyne is that good at that age. I'm his age and am sore getting out of bed.
Clumsy Patton
JOM killing it
It's still so weird we have Big Boy but use TOB in the ruck
You aren't?
If JOM said he wanted to have sex with me.... It would be impossible for me to refuse.
Sigh. Nothing kick into 50.
When they said they were reducing game time by 25%, Tigers clearly just thought they meant they don't play the first quarter.
https://m.imgur.com/r/environment/mv6Tg Pretry appalling what Hawks are doing.
He might be underselling it. That's the worst I've seen the tigers play in a long time. We could be further ahead. Saying that, I know we will go onto lose. But tigers looked really bad.
Erection... Returning
I really wish the crowd tonight was just Mario from Doncaster. Edit: and a microwave.
Yeah I can still see us losing
You mean The Rowell?
Such a dumb free. He never was in the contest.
Let's not let Richmond score so much this half, k tks.
Richmond need to draft in the Essington guy this week.
Soldo been pretty clumsy today
Burgoyne. My God.
Richmond thought they were only playing touch footy tonight. Just refusing to tackle.
Tigers are playing?
.... How?
I still feel we will lose this
Shouldn't that be a ruvk infringement against broad?
Not sure that should be Free to us
Counting pre season?
Agree
India = Brunei
Didn't they cut it short to make him look worse? He's saying they aren't a ten goal better side, basically, and that Hawthorn were poor.
We didn't deserve to be that close at half time. We were being played off the park and lucky to be close.
What I really think would fire up the Bulldogs from their low start to the season is if all of their fans dressed in hot dog costumes in future. Because then the'd be supporting the Hot Dogs. And that would fire them up. So I really hope every WBDs' fan is at home, in a hot dog suit, so when they cut to the fans in breaks, we can see whole families of people dressed as Hot Dogs. It's not as good as an HSP, true, but it's much harder for Giants' fans to dress as an HSP. It's still offseason right?
Crowd noise is significantly better and less delayed tonight than last night.
Reckon both teams have already laid more tackles than Richmond did in the first half last night.
Libba would definitely wear a hot dog suit if asked
Three Baileys. Sounds like a group of Karens getting drunk at a suburban cafe.
Dogs to kick 2.24.
North Korea
I don't think it was a mark, but should have been a free.
That will be looked at... Probably a fine.
I think both score reviews fair.
They don't give you atlases in prison. Just encourages thoughts of escape.
Just a scarf or hat and fixture fridge magnet. Maybe a lanyard. Not great. I always have to chase them for the code. They are quick to respond when you email. Still frustrating I have to do this every damn year.
Goa tourism industry will be saddened by this news.
Facebook because they actively create echo chambers in a way worse than the others.
One whole episode devoted to Tim getting a tech for smiling on the bench.
I think Buddy should have won in '08, but it's a midfielders' medal. Others not to win but would have if looking at most valuable player: Nick Riewoldt, Kouta, Pavlich.
Adelaide gonna play the Gold Coast song on repeat on the bus back to the hotel.
I'm trying to think of an analogy to make light of the total lack of pressure from the Crows, but I just can't. I've seen more tackles in a basketball game.
Dew: "ok boys. I want you to treat the ball like I treat a succulent Chinese meal after finishing the 40 hour famine" Subs: Ravenously devour every ball Edit: should be Suns, but I'll leave it.
Thank God the Crows don't run Adelaide's water system, or no one could shower due to the lack of pressure.
Is this another contender for lol of the week?
Precisely half of the Crows have less than ten disposals. And 14 have 11 or less.
1 more score for Adelaide to beat their lowest ever score
No it's just that it is widely available and it's an Israeli stereotype of going to Goa to party and smoke and do other things. Lots of Israelis in Goa.
This is why I always piss in my pasta sauce
That's the probability of someone actually having covid I think, not the probability of someone with a positive test having covid. If you actually test positive, there is a very high likelihood you have it.
Seems like they've been dragged into this. Very belated decision.
Who are you and what have you done with Carlton
Best neurosurgeon: Matt Rowell. Best ancient Persian philosophy scholar: Matt Rowell Most attractive ginger to ever exist: Matt Rowell Best lingerie model: Matt Rowell
I was going to say the same. How is NASCAR, the whitest sport in the country (yes even whiter than hockey), demonstrating the best response to systemic racism? I mean NFL has been tone deaf for ages, and NBA All over the place. And they have the most significant black participation compared to other sports. And have not handled it well at all (NFL particularly). But NASCAR went from a sea of confederate flags, and using racial epithets online, to displays like this in mere weeks. It's actually impressive. They could get new fans out of this.
Guys in the mining towns in Siberia have been known to make vodka out of plywood when supplies run out, and to drink perfume before that. So supplies have really run out by the time it gets to that stage.
Cries.... In...Aust[buffering]
Well we do like to copy the States, so, thanks I guess.
Woah woah woah. My internet can only handle tin at best.
20 years. We've got an optimist here.
Eh. Nothing on a US scale (I studied US politics actually... More interesting than ours). The preferential voting system and compulsory voting do pull people towards the centre more. The current federal government could not have handled the bushfires worse if they tried. After a false start, they've actually handled covid pretty well. They aren't handling China relations well at all, but that's really tough and I don't blame them for that overall - their previous foreign minister was great. Current leadership lacks her nuance and capability The current PM is a bit of a happy clapper, and not the best. But the politics is nowhere near as polarised as the UK/US. Murdoch press do have an outsized influence on our politics and views in the country, and overall the country is relatively conservative. 29 years without a recession (until this year), the longest in history anywhere, has contributed to complacency and a lack of innovation too. And both parties completely wasted the resources boom through dumb politicking.
Actually it's Australopithecus afarensis. Still going through that whole evolution phase.
Does no one use Here We Go for maps?
The fastest pitch thrown by a woman was Australian, Brittany Hepburn, at 76mph. The average college baseball fastball speed is around 90mph. Fastest MLB is 105mph. Testosterone is a thing.
I'm Australian. Bit loud, enjoy sport and beer, mostly talk shit.
Yeah I get it at the time. I don't doubt Bucks viewed Lumumba as throwing Eddie under the bus and he probably said that to him. I just thought that Bucks had matured since then to the point where he wouldn't still be in denial mode now, where clearly if six players plus Heritier have come forward and there was a team meeting to discuss not calling him chimp. It was clearly going on.
I read the interview that Tim Boyle did with him. It was really good and seemed really frank. So it's more than just his likeability. There was a self awareness too that he definitely didn't have as a player or young coach.
Best Fremantle's anthem has ever sounded
This has nothing to do with legality and everything to do with PR, brand management, doing what is right and human decency. No one is suggesting saying "I didn't hear it" is not a legal answer to give. It's still absolutely tone deaf. It would also be legal to say any number of insulting things that would make the situation worse. He could have said "I never heard it said around me, but based on events that have come to light both at the time and since, it seems there was an issue there and perhaps we didn't address it as well as we could at the time. We need to learn from this, which is why we've launched an integrity investigation, and I'm sorry to Heretier for the way it was handled and how that made him feel". That's also a "legal" answer. One is going to make the issue a lot worse; one is setting things on the right path.
So glad they inducted him to legend status just before he passed. Titan of the game.
So is this the kind of UV-C light included in expensive air purifiers (Eg: Trusens) or not?
Just put my feet in. Vent down to pump up my Reebok pumps like a baller. And bam. I noticed.
How shit is NBN when Telstra's big selling point is that their modem has a backup 4g modem for when it goes out.
I live overseas. I have a 2gbps connection. It costs me ~$50 a month.
Why does Sydney Airport feel the need to sponsor the Swans? It's not like people in Sydney are thinking "gotta fly to Auckland. Which airport should we use? Sydney? Nah. Let's drive to Melbourne."
That's impressive from the Dogs. Especially a Rickman running the lines like that.
Sure the dogs have four Baileys. But the Swans have two Aliirs.
Even then, if the team kicked 14, the percentage would be lower
Now do Norway. With accurate fjords.
Marlion Pickett at risk of becoming an obscure trivia question in 20 years time.
Look at this monument. Beautiful monument. Fantastic monument. Some people think I should be up there. What am I to say? I've probably accomplished more for America than the three of those men combined. Probably they'll build a new Mt Rushmore and it will just be my face. But bigger than them.
People here that have ever driven a car are massively underestimating their kill rate. Especially if they've driven it in rural Australia.
It's fair enough. Calling them the worst just doesn't make sense. They do it a lot, so must be pretty good at it.
No Aryn Cruden?
It avoids tax and artificially inflates earnings per share etc. EDIT: Because a lot of people have asked how it avoids tax. Let's say I'm going to return $1bn to shareholders. The company could either do this as a dividend, which would then be taxed at 15%. So (let's assume it works out to $100 per share) each shareholder receives $85 net and the taxman gets a total of $150m. Alternatively, the company issues a buyback for $1bn worth of its stock. This reduces the companies overall issued stock by (let's say) 10%. Each person that sold shares receives the full face value of each of their shares sold without dividend tax, and the overall value of the shares they continue to hold is artificially increased (because they now hold the same percentage of the company, but each individual share is worth a slightly bigger percentage of the company). You've just avoided $150m in tax. Yes on subsequent share sales, you could then be charged tax on the incremental increase in the value of each individual share (in which case, in a perfect world, the tax is just deferred). But maybe you don't sell; maybe performance next year isn't as good and you sell at the original stock price. Maybe there are all sorts of other things that mean that the incremental value of the share buyback on the value of each share isn't fully realised and therefore the tax on what is a dividend isn't paid.
I've just tuned in, but Cox had been important. Not possessions or marks, but crashing packs and creating a contest. It's what you want.
Toby Greene gonna Toby Greene
I feel like this thing has crept into the game where players tap on unnecessarily, where the smart move is to take the contact and accept the stoppage. Sometimes you just gotta wear it when you have no prior. It's the best option.
Didn't he dilly daddle at the start, because he knew the right thing would be politically unpopular, which probably led to many unnecessary deaths? I mean in the end he kind of got there. But the start wasn't great. Still. It's a pretty low standard he's competing against in the US.
I refuse to believe a piece of toast would be worse for the economy than Trump.
We don't count SANFL premierships...
As a Hawthorn fan, I'm ok with this :), given we've won ~18% of all AFL premierships.
Keeping Hinkley the long con
He'll miss the target and hit Peel at this rate
WCE trying to play the possession game like 2013-2014 Hawthorn, with the footskills of 2013-2014 Carlton.
Port Adelaide on top of the ladder. Adelaide on the bottom. Victoria under threat of lockdown due to Covid. Collingwood embroiled in controversy. Beating WCE in front of home crowd in the first game in 2020 in SA with fans. The author of 2020 is definitely a Port erotic fantasy fiction writer.
Aah yeah. Shit.
Whenever Gaff shanks one, I always think he has the most appropriate name in the AFL since Roughead.
First four games ;)
Hahaha. From one of your veterans too. Can't even blame immaturity.
I forgot Hickey existed
That's a fucking ballsy mark
Why? Did someone with a slightly different colour skin enter the chat?
Gaff with 27 touches, but Riccuito is probably the only person who thinks he had a big impact on the game.
Depends where it is played. On current info, you'd have to say the AFL should be at least contingency planning to have its first interstate Grand Final, based on covid numbers. But as we know, that can all change very quickly. Sao they might need a couple of venues ready.
Joneses without hair are better than Joneses with hair.
They'll check anyway in the break even if ump doesn't call for it. Did look pretty close, but Houli didn't claim it.
Inevitable if he tore the PCL basically.
Poor from Butler
That is such good running.
St Kilda have already kicked a West Coast.
I thought they were both holding each other there. I hope we don't go back to random ruck frees of a few years ago when no one had any idea how it was adjudicated.
Excellent from Carlisle there
God Hill is a running machine
That running is exceptional. I miss Hill.
How is Nank dominating the ruck so much?
Neither team wants to see that series of possessions in the replays on Monday
He's 16. He probably just didn't think through the connotations. Probably used that emoji with his mates to represent other cute things, and it just didn't cross his mind that someone would take it that way. Yes we need to stamp out racism - but equally we shouldn't be reading malice or ignorance into every act. I understand why Liam Ryan's wife was upset, given some of the other shit they've copped online. But let's not go on witch hunts for everything here.
Everyone talks about Hawk rushed behinds in 08. Which existed, of course, but weren't the bulk of the behinds that day. No one talks about some of the genuinely awful Geelong misses, particularly in the second quarter.
I think Rowell is secretly identical triplets
Taberner chooses kick for goal. Rolls dice. It's a 20. Kicks the goal.
Amazing we have 11 goals without a behind
12 straight!
Malthouse and Cornes: "terrible defending from Fyfe there"
For Americans watching for the first time, the Gold Coast are an expansion team that have really struggled. So to help them this year, the AFL introduced the "Rowell Rule", whereby Matt Rowell has to be the best on ground every game he plays, or the opposition forfeits the points for the game. Sort of affirmative action in favour of the Suns. This might explain why he seems to dominate every game.
Fyfe seems to be walking ok, so hopefully low grade injury.
I love this
Breaking news. 72 game 23yo had game almost as good, but not really, as an 18yo fourth gamer.
That wasn't going through. He absolutely had to mark that.
Hilarious that it's three goals the difference, but Brisbane have only kicked one more goal.
The status of the in danger rule: Generally not called except sometimes and then we all get shocked and remember it's a rule.
Did Brisbane hire St Kilda's old goal kicking coach?
Geelong and (unsurprisingly) St Kilda have both kicked 0.18 before for a game. In the AFL era, Fremantle's 2.19 is a standout. Hawthorn once kicked 41 behinds, but also 25 goals. Fitzroy once kicked 10.31 too.
Goodwin getting twitchy. Yeah probably a good thing he isn't getting too comfortable in the coach's seat.
Steven just tried to stab through the pack.
We are gonna get smashed in the clearances today. Worried our midfield isn't big enough to go with North.
I don't mind this Hawk guernsey
I need to get one of these Hawk jumpers. The more I see it, the more I like it.
Yes. And the North kit looks good too. All in all an attractive looking game.
Ok that was good from Timmy
God it is a pet hate return players sit and wait for the mark and don't go and meet it.
Timmy slipping over and not getting the mark as a result is the most TOB thing ever.
Chad has started well
Lucky for North there. Dumb from Scully.
I see we have gone for "garbage inside 50" entries again today
"almost for O'Brien". Aka the most common phrase heard in any hawk game.
Ok can we try kicking to Lewis instead of TOB please?
I'd be curious to know what percentage of time the ball has spent in each part of the ground. Possession stats tell us one thing, but not the whole story, given different gamestyles.
I submit Tim O'B as the most frustrating player in the AFL. He constantly gets into good position, so has footy smarts. He had one game a couple of years ago where he clunked everything, so he's got the skill and you know he can mark. He's got a good leap, so he's got athleticism, and can run all day. He just can't stick a mark though. So often he gets his hands to the ball, but it just doesn't stick.
Amazed we have double the tackles of the Roos. I thought their pressure has been first class.
Learn to use your body Tim.... ffs
Wingard better than Neale confirmed
Ok surely that was a free to Timmy.
Fucks sake Hawthorn. Dominate for not much reward. Gift then an easy one.
I'd rather Wingard kicking inside 50 than Mitchell...
Wingard been quality
Early port Wingard is back.
They are letting a lot go in marking contests today
We have given away so many frees at bounces and ball ups. Gotta sort that.
Is The Bounce trash?
This slow play by North sort of suits our defence. Not sure it's the best tactic from North.
Lewis been out of position all day
I'm amazed they called that free for us, and not so many other mark interferences both ways they've let go.
Gunston using his left. :O
Was high.
Finally!
Gary... We haven't played that short kick game for a few years. It's not 2015.
Is it an over or under reaction to suggest Gary Lyon should be shot into the sun?
Would have been deliberate anyway tbh.
O'Brien almost.
Clearly in the back. Dumb. Wanted to keep them goalless.
We should be a lot further in front tbh.
Why have we stopped playing?
We are going to lose this. I called the clearance issue before the game. Ugh.
00:54
The North Melbourne Bookends
Yeah but how many have only won two games by the end of June.
No one did
It's been going on for years. A lot of players just drop it when tackled to try and keep the ball moving. This whole it isn't incorrect disposal if you didn't have prior has got to go. All teams do it. I'm not picking on any one team here.
And they will guarantee driver updates for up to four weeks.
Happy for him. He was never going to get sufficient time with Ceglar and Big Boy in our side. We are plenty tall already.
Hawthorn: let's go in with a massively tall team so we can take lots of marks. Also Hawthorn: takes least marks for the round.
I'm being slightly silly above, because yes it is down to our playing style. People remember Hawthorn for the style we played when we won our flags - elite footskills, control the ball, control possession, precision going down the ground to slice people open. Hell, even Gary Lyon during the North game was talking about us as if that's the way we play (moron). Actually for a couple of years, we've played more of a territory game. The idea is to get it inside 50 and try and lock it in. You can see we have a lot of i50 entries, but a lot of them are garbage (much to my chagrin), because the tactic seems to be to play for territory rugby style, and then rely on our defensive structures to make it hard for teams to rebound. This was very effective against Richmond, where they really struggled to get their rebound and run game going against our defensive structures. It was also effective against North for 3 1/2 quarters. It does mean fewer marks though, as the idea isn't to chip it around and find a precision entry, but rather get it in as quick as possible before their defense can set up properly and then lock it in. It also must be very tiring, as we are regularly running out of legs at the end of games, as can be seen against the Tigers and North in particular. Factor in the bulk of our contested marking opportunities were directed at Tim "always gets two hands to the ball; always drops it" O'Brien, Mitch Lewis not yet adjusting to the pace of AFL football, a very short midfield that don't provide much in the way of marking power, and you get low marking numbers. All of our best marks are in defence, actually (particularly Sicily and Big Boy).
Hawthorn on the weekend: https://gfycat.com/elementarymedicalcoelacanth
That specific glove was banned because it gave an unfair advantage. Basically only gloves required for injury allowed now.
God that reminded me how awful the Australian commentary team were during that Ashes. Just insufferable barracking for the Aussies. Completely unprofessional. Ugh.
Yeah this series was definitely the lowpoint. God it was awful.
And yet we produced probably the greatest cricket commentator of all time.
The idea of whole bunch of white dudes in Mississippi chanting Allahu Ackbar while cheering on a football team is such a big missed opportunity.
Holy shit that's a lot of unnecessary Digital Rendering
"I did the root. Only fair I should see the result"
How hard is it to grease a ramp?
Why is there a ten commandments monument?
Aaaw. How cute. You think the text of the law matters, as opposed to it just being a tool that can be indiscriminately used however desired.
Good. Time to start reducing unnecessary wastage.
5-4 though. Only one justice needed to sway it the other way, and if Trump gets re elected, it seems a high probability he appoints another judge.
All over my lap while I drive
Fucking hell. Try to set a more realistic goal mate.
Doesn't change the point. If RBG's replacement is appointed by Trump and a variation of this law comes up again, it's upheld.
I mean, how much money does a robot even need?
The Ship of Theseus
Good timing to post this too, with all the travel going on right now.
So we're ignoring Bradman are we?
Are you suggesting Bound for Glory isn't one of the greatest moments in AFL history?
Sad Supersonic noises
Starbucks pulled their advertising and they were the sixth biggest spender. $95m last year. Unilever too, they spent $40 something million. Pfizer $50 something million. These aren't all small fish.
So did Port. Everyone focuses on the holding the ball, which was probably wrong. No one talks about the gifted goal for mark infringement that wasn't there thirty seconds earlier.
Critics didn't really rate it though, did they, apart from Phoenix's performance which to be fair was good. Movie sucked though.
Some say the movie is still going...
Might want to cash out given the latest laws passed.
