not really.
my neighbors are both disabled. They get a monthly check from the government , but its barely enough. I try to help them out from time to time with groceries here or there, or a ride. But they are trying to have kids. Im like "really??" and they say they will get even more money if that happens. But im like "you should have children because you want to raise them, take care of them, and love and protect them. not for more money?" Just my perspective.
ONLY trained artists know how to make PROPER art. GOod art. Worthwhile art
So SO wrong. Politicans jobs are to LEAD and make laws based upon what they feel and what they think their constituants want. If their constituents want to ban books teaching evolution, then that politician should try to ban them. Not saying it right, but thats how politics should work.
Steven Hawking had a Genetic disorder, should he have not been born?
Is that those golden Fuji Apples?
Oh ive got an elitist viewpoint. Im going to get downvoted to oblivian. YOu should only be able to own a gun if you.... Are curretnly in the miltiary, police or security. |WERE in the military, police , security Have a special permit, that states EXACTLY why you specifically need a gun (hunting, protection from wildlife for farmers, etc). Once you have a gun you should have tests every 2 years to see if you havent been fucking around , or are still competant. We do the same for cars. FAR FAR to many irresponsible idiots have guns, owning a gun is a PRIVILEGE, NOT A RIGHT.
The "values it was founded upon" Slavery, Genocide, and Seggregation
YOu might not be wrong! I always thought vaccume tube trains would take over, going over 600mph , and then just having little electric shuttle busses for cities.
considering the IQ test was developed to SPECIFICALLY weed out non white and non NORDIC cultures from entry into the USA in the early 1900s, you are probably not wrong. Now here is the real controversial opinion. IQ tests don't really measure intelligence. They only measure learned cultural ideas.
everytime i think of asians, i think of a story my dad told me about a vietnamese farmer shitting in the rice field, waving at the convoy as he rolled by saying "HI GI! HI GI!" So yeah, every culture and race has their losers . you just dont hear about them because they arent exceptional.
Democracy requires vigilance and responsibility, which many poeple lack. Including monarchy
I mean, but um, there is online dating, and even online video games where you have chat. I have quite a few freinds in a couple of my games and when i visited their city last year, we hung out! Pretty awesome.
Same here! Met a few people from my online games, even went on afew dates one time! lol
its funny because i work a job that pays shit, yet keep up with a roof, my car, my meals, i receive assistance thorugh medicaid, but my tax return is always pretty large. I mean, I PAY taxes, they jsut keep sending em back. so....yeah.
But Democray ensures the will of the society it is reprenting, and those policitys, there fore the more people vote, the more correct it will be. If we had a society where 90-95% of people voted (USA) we would have almost no social issues.
fun fact, most russians aren't in the upper part of society....
its half true. Your PARENT have to have below a certain income as well, but mine are retired and im 34, so it shouldnt matter. They wont pay, and im out of luck. Sigh
statistically most people are poor and only a few are rich. Sooo probably. Ive only met one person who made it big by actually working for his money .
i know! i just telling them their viewpoint is wrong and they should feel bad.
wall street?
no no, i work as a lne cook, have my own apt etc. But my parents Wont and cant pay for my college, even though i qualify for entry. And i cannot afford it by myself. They EXPECT my parents to pay for it, even though i haven't been dependent on them for over a decade.
Well you can design a test to "prove" anything. Ask a slavic person who the norse god of the harvest is, they might not know, where as a danish or sweedish person eaisly would know. BUT the slavic person would know who Baba Yaga is, because it is part of that culture. Or say, You ask " how do you use the sun to find your lattitude? " People from a land locked country wouldnt have as much use for that, but people from a sea faring culutre would likely know more. And a sea faring culture might not know how to grow different crops at high altitudes, due to the easy abundance of fishing to provide sustinance, whiere a more land locked country will. Hell, some cultures value fine poetry , art, and plays , while others value more scientific prospects. Which person s smarter, a person who has flawless logic, or a person who can do calcalcus, becuse they are seperate fields, even though they share similar traits. To quote that old famous quote "You cannot try to judge between a fish and a monkey solely on the ability to climb a tree"
"anti white propaganda" Did i say anything about whites being bad? Go find someother place to be offended with your snowflake butt.
This is a good article talking about discrimination in testing. Buck vs Bell is an interesting case. https://theconversation.com/the-iq-test-wars-why-screening-for-intelligence-is-still-so-controversial-81428
r/meirl
TRust but verify. Until that trust is proven
as an american, i would love to help end some of the cival war stuff and cartel violence in mexico and central america. They are people jsut like us and deserve protection and a good decent life as well! As long as they dont take my job. (s
like things that want to kill you?
well, thats thoroughly confusing. lol
ok that def doesnt make SENSE but i can understand at least what happens with all of that.
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Piebald
What city do you hail from, master jedi?
Nobody is alllowed to say "Wenn ist das Nunstück git und Slotermeyer? Ja! Beiherhund das Oder die Flipperwaldt gersput! because they will literally die.
Or an NBA or NFL player
OBVIOUSLY, you dont care about other races. So sad these days, dang millennials. (s)
he is probably high as F
It sucks this happens all the time. Next week, you could or i could be next victims. Its like living in a warzone, but a fake peaceful warzone where at any momeNT BAM you dead. Like patrolling Afghanistan and BAM IED blows up your convoy
"No way to prevent this" says only developed nation where this happens regularly...
there are tons of ways to stop gun violence. Take away everybodys guns for example. Or make them lock them all up, pay fines if they dont. Allow police to take guns from bad people. Only allow police to have guns. Have to apply each year for a gun permit which includes applicable test. Millions of ways to prevent things, but uh, you cant or wont, because you dont think dead children are a big enough problem. I mean, i eat way to much junk food, you should admit your faults as well. No biggie
people with guns killed those people. If people didnt have guns, those people woundnt be dead. Injured perhaps. There was a mass "knife attack" last week where 2 people died, and 12 were injured, if gun had been used, at least 8-10 would be dead. Until you can accept that guns are weapons, and the constution doesnt protect the right to bear guns, only arms , and that even constutional rights have limits, we have nothing further to talk about. Except how it sucks that you value your guns over dead kids. I mean, l got a speeding ticket, you dont care if children are massacred. Potato, potato.
their hands are just so succulant. little BBQ sauce and BAM!
meh this is everywhere and there is nothing anybody can do about it. Because nobody cares past facebook likes or reddit karma
yes. If you dont support the ones that suffer due to your choices , you are hypocritical. I m pro choice and i volunteer at planned parent hood. I go volunteer at soup kitchens. Are you a bad person for not doing that? No. Could you be a better person by doing those things? yes
actually christians should be pro choice, as the bible says nothing about the actual conception of the soul except for genisis (and god breathed life into man) makiing a fair intrepretation that life starts as breath. There are also laws in the old testament that say that while a man kills a child its a murder, and the punishment is death, but if a woman forces her self to miscarry, its a minor crime and a fee must be paid. SOOOOOOOOOO yeah being pro life on biblical grounds is backwards. God could give a fuck about fetuses....then again most "christians" havent read the bible right proper like anyways. Sigh.
if anything, kill hte rich because they hog and tie up all the resources! lol
thats why you just put a USB at a unattended wallmart self service kiosk and steal every creditcard #, OR even better, load up a malware that steals ALL THE #S from the WHOLE company, make close to 10 million selling #s to scammers and hackers
welll not really. It more has to do with how much kinetic energy they build up.
ants dont have arms only legs and mandibles.
you cant kill hitler, then Stalin would take over europe instead of Germany.
i tried to ford it and whlep, the youngest daughter, Poop, got washed way and died.
This Stalin dude sounds like a Jerk! I hope they vote him out of office!
I had to explain to my mom that because mr doctor wouldn't speak in english terms, that the "mass" she had in her lungs was probably cancer. And yes, it was, and yes, 2 months later she passed.
its much eaiser to tuna fish than tuna piano
You get what you deserve! lol
beautiful...
I want to be wholesome and think many people are used to the "old" you. You look sick BY COMPARISON. However you look normal to most people, they just cannot see it yet. Great job! Keep going!
not MY parents , but my aunt tried to put my cousin in a microwave to "dry her off" after a bath. Only got like 20 seconds in there before my mom pulled her out. My aunt has severe bi polar disorder. That was the earlier days when nobody knew what was going on. cops called, doctors, etc. But yeah, fun stuff.
BUT AT WHAT COST...is the whole point. What good is stability when freedom is lost? To quote ben franklin "Those who would trade essential liberty for temporary security deserve neither.
China needs to do better but most of europe is doing it, many developing nations are doing it, the USA is vastly behind. its like a fat fat fatty on the biggest loser saying "OH MY GOD i weighted 450 lbs last week and now i lost 2 lbs omg im so proud tears tears tears tears. The USA AND India AND russia AND china need to shed some carbon lbs or esle they gonna die horribly, they have the most to cut. Better start cuttin, or better start dyin.
echo chambers exist on both sides. True trumpers have a freakin grand canyon of one lol. Some consertative are more reasonable.
He also fucked over all the farmers. Trump is the worst thing to happen in north america since small pox wiped out native americans
Neat! But can it launch mini lego nukes on its little lego electromagnetic rail gun....? please say yes. I have lego dictators to deal with...discreetly.
read my mind!
Probably this one&gt;? https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wCZFISvHmyY
they won a copywright case for ROUND CORNERS ON A CELL PHONE. ROUND CORNERS.
THERE IS AN RBG MODEL! Goodbye, wallet!
yes i just read about that last month or so! Also BMW used to build nazi bombers,and use jewish concencration camp labor to build bombs, hoping that people would forget about that!?crazy stuff!
yes i just read about that last month or so! Also BMW used to build nazi bombers,and use jewish concencration camp labor to build bombs, hoping that people would forget about that!?crazy stuff!
what a completely average cosplay. PERFECT!
Viewing this on a Huawei phone then?
Not to mention its still Just at lethal as second hand cigarette smoke.
WESTWORLD INTENSIFIES!
friend and I went though a haunted house. They have rules, one of which isnt to touch people. BUT Fuck they were good. He freaked out and punched one of them, got escorted outside, he apoligized, profusly, the guy who got punched laughed at the end and said " I think i did my job TOO well back there.."
will this sub exist in 20 years? will i exist in 20 years? will my country exist in 20 years?
I bet her boyfriend doesnt even kiss her.
You end up dating folks like your parents, its weird lol. Though my mom was great, so it would be nice to have somebody kind and thoughtful and compassionate and smart ass like she was sometimes.
Ohyeah i was just looking at all the breakfasts on Wiki...Ulster Fry looks the best, though scottish with black and white pudding and blood sausages sounds dam good too. Oh i need breakfasts!
the 1980s were pretty RGB ish and neon-y
Gosh what is that from? AHHHH i cant remember!
THATS RIGHT! XD oh drax!!!!
DID YOU REPORT IT TO THE POLICE? it may seem trivial but this is super important because most likely they stole it to use it in the commission of anohter crime. YOU dont want to be blamed for that crime, AND it helps the police to tag that vehicle as stolen too...
NO SHIT. I have two places to park at my apartments, (my apartment is in the middle so either or for the parking spaces) and i have def been paniced when i cant find it right away
I live in the " warzone" but have NEVER been messed with because i dont start drama and i mind my own business. Ive called the cops on things that i should have, but i dont try to break up fights or anything! lol. NEver had any property stolen. Random stupid stuff like people with a bb gun shooting out windows on cars (bored teens i suspect). But its really a beautiful, great city. Abq is a bit pessimistic at times, lol, but there is SO much to be thankful for here. Personally i love the access to the outdoors, the LGBQT community they have , the diverse native and hispanic communities, the art scence, and they have a lot of awesome bands come through with the sunshine theater and journal pavilion, though its not that far from Red Rocks to make a road trip.
They have them at Flying star and they are pretty tasty to me! They actually are a bit TOO realistic to my vegan friends, say they remind them too much of actual hamburger meat.
Worked for my ex wife
well they did just also have that "Bandersnatch" one, tand uh, that one fucked with my head pretty good. Not sure if im ready for more QUITE yet
Thats because anytime your prioritize converting people to your specific religion rather than educating and helping them help themselves, you end up with bad ideas.
True man true. My ex fiance used to hit me, like, not on the shoulder, but in the face. Finally i got sick and i pushed her away, one day, and she fell backwards a bit, and started crying saying i was abusing HER. I had 3 black eyes i had to explain away from her. After i saw her crying, i started laughing at the aburdidty of all of it, and just decided right then i was DONE. Nobody deserves to be hit.
CARRRRRRRRRRRRRRLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL.....
Tastes like Imgur.
according to cannibals, because of the amount of sugar, fat that most humans are able to eat, they have the most fattest, succulent meant of any animal.
mass machining, once you have programming out of the way, is stupidly cheap! lol
Um, Um, uh..... THE EXPANSE RIGHT????
oh yes, waste .3 lbs of aluminium, then have to remelt all the shavings BACk and machine more. Like cookie dough, you keep reusing and reforming the parts that get trimmed off. Stupidly not wasteful. This isnt cloth, its METAL, you can MELT metal back down into casts until you use up all but the very last parts. How do i know though? I only worked in a metal refinery and machine shop for years....only wrote programs for all the HAAS machines, planned out casting sizes, molds, material schedules, remelting phases, etc. Ones you have the machines set up, all you literally have to do is put the part in, secure it, machine it, take part out, put one more in. At the end of the night, clean out machine, save the scraps for remelt and in the morning start all over. with things like this you could eaisly have 10-20 pieces per machine. considering they are made in china, they cost a whole 2 dollars in labor the most expensive part usually. so these in actualliocty im guestimating cost about 4 dollar max in actual material, about 3 in labor, and about 4 in machine cost/energy. Thats still a far cry from 1000 per piece.
considering they were both republicans , and both were heavily involved in taking money from shady sources, and then esp in Susans case, calling out her collegues to come clean, when her own hands are dirty, well that stuff doesnt paint you in a favorable light with those in power...
uh no, they were republicans, so def not heros, more like henchmen.
Large companies with lots of moneys pay-off multiple state officials in order to be able to get bills passed in multiple states, make it easier to operate and/or look the other way. Koch industries is famous for this type of docterine, they even founded a fake undercover "legal thinktank" called the American Legislative Exchange Council (ALEC) that basically writes bills for paid off state officials to "pass off as their own" and then rubber stamp. THis makes it easy for a COMPANY, to gain legal power and status. I would be 100% suprised if it was something NOT like this.
Oh god, you poor innocent sweetie. You have no idea how prevelant guns and shootings are in america right? This isnt europe or austraila, where guns are well regulated and mass shootings dont happen everyday, this is the wild west, where most people carry guns, because if they dont, they fear they will get shot . People in america are constantly afraid they will get shot in a starbucks, a mall, a school, a concert, another school, a university, a movie theater, another school, another mall, by cops, by burglers, in another school, in their car on the way home, or in the car on their way to pick up their kids, or in the park, or on the freeway for no reason, or at a baseball park, or at a soccer field, etc. Literally, more people die in shootings than any other developed nation in the world, in the USA.
Just the Koch brothers cleaning up house, no need to worry. Esp not since collins was trying to out "corruption" in her state, since there was a huge scandel involving hundreds of millions of dolllars, or Jon was taking money under the table by ALEC for YEARS . NO NEED TO WORRY&lt; FELLOW CITIZEN&gt; NOTHING TO SEE HERE&gt; MOVE ALONG
MOVE ALONG, nothing to see, move along
Ok serious comment both have taken lots of money from ALEC, from Big Ag sponsered bills, from many , many shady places *they are republicans, its their second nature to do this. Esp in Lindas case. She was a turn coat, trying to rat out members in her former appointments because SHE KNEW theyw ere corrput, all while trying to maintain she was innocent. This is probably what got HER killed. Jon probably had ties to her somehow. Gotta keep thing swept under the rugs
how many of clintons people are currently in rikers? If you go on a fishing expedition and catch a SHIT LOAD OF FISH, its no longer just an expedition, and a legitimate investigation. And this was JUST ONE. THe next one is gonna turn over some graves....
didnt tesla just make a few thousand?
nobody is perfect
well most people are. Most people think meat comes from happy little family farms, when in fact your animal was Most likely * torutured constantly. You know chicken nuggets? Ground up while alive baby chickens. You know hamburgers? Ammonia processed slime. You know sausage? Pigs kept in cages so small they bleed constantly from skin irritation, and in the end, crushed to death under a giant metal press. Nothing about industrial animal agriculture is humane. If you are going to be the 2% that buys humanley treated animalproducts, great! If not, well, you are kinda ok with torture so grotesque even the holocaust pales in comparison. Im not vegan, but man, they have a fukin point! Watch food , Inc sometime. That ruined everything i loved.
Im not 100% vegan but i eat shit loads LESS meat than i used to since.... 1. I found out how bad animal ag, esp industrial animal ag, is bad for the environment 2. Just how fucked up the treat the animals. Pretty messed up crap man!
If you cannot kill your own food, you shouldnt eat it. Everybody should have to murder a cow they grew themselves.
There is a difference between stabbing a dog or a baby, and cutting a carrot. If you cannot recognize that clear, easy difference, you have no intelligence and your conversation is merly troll bait.
Thats why i dont eat pigs, crows, dolphins, etc. Cows have the emotial range of dogs, so thats out. Pigs are dammed smart, so thats out. Chickens? Who knows? Fish? Fish are dumb as hell. Eggs? sure! As long as chickens are kept in humane conditions, eggs are just chicken periods, unfertilized eggs.
OF course! its so simple!
i mean, they have these things called trucks and homes have these things called refrigerators...so its not that hard to understand? and its also meant to be metaphorical, as in people dont understand their meats physically come from another animal bleeding and being tortured to death...so yeah. It would be more humane in most cases.
thats cool then. you pare part of 10% of the population. Its not about you then.
you stop being ridiculous
yeah. But most people settle for average. Ive eaten animals that have been super humanely treated right up until death, and its like 1000x better than anything anybody has ever gotten in a grocery store, even in a local butchers shop. I LOVE the taste of meat, most people do. But i cant stand the thought of animals being tortured. Dont ever watch the documentary " Food, inc"
and perhaps you are right too. Make kids go to slaughter houses. Make them take field trips to industrial animal farms, where animals are tortured everyday, in every way. WOuld it stop everybody ? No. But would it change a lot of ideas about how animals should be treated? You betcha! And it also destorys the enviroment and is the biggest factor in climate change, but thats another story
But you sholdnt fly at warp THOUGH anomolies, that might entail disasterous results. If the sensors are having a hard time scanning something, perhaps its best to drop to impulse for a few minutes. Sensors arent nessissarly LESS effective at warp than impulse, BUT if a deer suddenly jumps infront of your car, you hit the breaks, you dont try to use binoculars to see it better.
he is not ready to have a kid, he is still wearing a backpack himself
i know exactly where this is! Just up from the montgomery trailhead. I remember i saw a few coyotes in that field a while ago. Beautiful picture!
Hey my man, if you feel bored and not interested in things you once loved, sometimes its normal, sometimes its a very clear sign of depression. PM me if you want to talk, you can also call crisis phone #s. You dont have to be suicidal, they can help whenyou are in a low point as well man. Direct you to getting some help. I used em and fought back and now , though life is hard, im beating life back, instead of life beating me up.
THATS A REAL SUB?
TRUE! lol. The way ice exchanges its heat (or rather, asorbs the heat of the drink) is by surface area. And when it asorbs that heat, it melts! More surface area=faster cooling=more melting, less surface area=slower cooling=less melting. I personally love the round ice with holes in the middle, they cool a drink down FAST
This is unfair critism of china to critize such a loving, wonderful government that only cares about its people. Please give chance to explain! Lets talk in person, PM me adress, i send you airline tickets, you come to china and we explain to you how good china is! You even get free hotel and free tour!
Right. WHen you get to comparing facisim to comunism, you get the horseshoe effect, which means they become similar again. Stalin was extremely totalitarian dictator, and he was left. Hiter was extremely totalitarian dictator , and he was right.
wait i dont get it. This is saying the china is bad. why would chinese trolls say that china is bad?
why would a troll account try to discredit china though? I mean , i really dont get it?
ahhhh ok.
ive fixed 10 things on my car with youtube and howto videos. The internet is a gold mine of info and education.
how do they do with with all the hills. I could never do an manual on hilly roads
the fact that pizza didnt win is a serious let down
i mean, dark matter makes up 25% of the universe, and dark energy (anti matter) makes up 70%, so uh there pretty much antimatter anywhere they need to grab it.
please explain the nature of dark energy and dark matter then? I mean, it does the exact oppisite of matter, it pushes gravity away, instead of attract, so its antimatter, right:?
You mean the GREEKs? YES Sparta!
Greeks had the first organized navy, phoenicians were the first ones to have "ships meant for war " and or battles.
i read it 20 x please help
Why did they change it?
picking a restaurant &gt; pickle Girlfriend&gt;dog
HOW have i not SEEN THIS ONE BEFORE! bwa ha ha ha! thanks!
what if they want to get ink done too ?
if i give you 50 extra, can you also give my kid an MRI so i can have a few photos at that age? My wife says we never have any photos...
r/TIHI
That many religious texts have it written into them that its ok to treat you as a lesser human being.
THE AUDIENCE IS NOW DEAF....
which one is which?
I just noticed that! They are freakin beautiful i have used them for 4 years now, they last a bout 6 months for me and are comfy
Gonna say...thomas jefferson? Edit":Obvious sarcasm people, i dont think the 1820s had a military industrial complex from ww2.
No no, my sweet summer child. IRAN AND SAUDI ARABIA are involved in a middle east COLD WAR, and the proxy wars that happen are merly a by product of these two nations feuding.
The Government is the problem. Most iranians are pretty bitter about their government.
Two reasons, Saudia Arabia Is givng tons of money to trump, and therefore , since Saudi Arabia hates iran and vice versa, he is willing to use US to attack Iran, even though Iran is not doing anything to the USA. THE MAIN REASON THOUGH is because trumps days are limited, and this is a GIANT distraction from all the subpoenas, testimony, and courts investigating trump, possibly setting up an impeachment.
I consider this a total win, though
When genocide is your solution, its time to go to the corner and think about what you said, Mmm k? Bad person! Bad!
thats like more powerful than three guns, at least.
This type of cat is known as a "Pretty Kitty"
no thanks.
yep. Such bullshit. At least the USA cannot have protracted military campaigns without congresses approval , aka, limited to 90 days.
Its ok to be white because jews are the real enemy" thats not antisemitic or white superiority at ALL....
thats a little more crazy and disturbing. THATS the real charlie
BUT DID IT WORK?
fun fact, owls dont have eye BALLS. They are actually eye TUBES, and they extend back into their ears even! Their eyes cant move around like we do so instead their heads cans swivel all the way around!
What makes up dark energy and dark matter.
1. Art is a skill, not a talent. it takes practice for most to get gud. 2. Draw with the right side of your brain. Seriously. Its a book. Read that book. It will activate your drawing brain part. It works. Its the base in most begining art classes. 3. Draw in parts, not the whole at once. Try putting "squares" or "grids" and just focus on doing one grid at a time. thats [how i did this one](https://imgur.com/gallery/u4zzC8x)
do you also wear cargo shorts, you heathen?
yeah, thats a grEAAAATT starter pack man. If you keep trying, im sure you ll get it eventually... ?\
Needs a picture of bill murray though...
HAs MaNkInD GonE ToO FaR???
I have woken up with gophers(or ground squirrels) in my tent. ALmost smushed one as i freaked out at first.
probably DnD enthusiasts
ill have to get closer if i want to punch him in his face!
Just like talking about the Skinwalkers lets them know you are talking about them. OH SHIT.
could have been a killdeer, or a mocking bird (esp in kentucky). Mocking birds ARE CREEPY. but harmless. Like that boo radely guy. lol But out west here in NM we do have those guys (SW) and we arent supposed to even say (SW) because they will know. Ive seen man walk behind a jeep and out the other side comes a coyote/wolf lookin thing, but the man? Never shows. Freaky .
i love this sub cause i laugh, and i learn
as long as she is being monitered, she cant get into trouble
condolences fam. My dad passed this year as well, its been pretty hard. Though it sounds like you had a beautiful family and i bet your dad loved you a lot.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dXESHlUSICA
if you ever need to talk you can always dm me too. No problem
What about the castling thingy
Marc Anthony is that you?
nice! navy dudes always drink me under the table man. Must be part of their initiation.
IRAN FOR ONE.
def spotlights. THere is a generator right there on side. A a jammer would have no hinges to change positions like this does. Plus jammars look like big radios, or big , blank boxes. Look at how it stands too. Def a spotlight.
except the US didnt stop, or caused... Iran-iraq war Arab invasion of Isreal Vietnam conflict Packistan - India nuclear cold war Iran-Saudi arabia cold war (right now) Afganistan #1, soviet invasion Afganistan # 2, American booogolo 9-11 Bali Bombings Ricin Attacks on Tokyo Subway Waco, TX incident Burma. ALL Of burma. Chinese invasion of nepal North Korea. Basically all of NOrth Korea. Countless african genocides, civil wars, apartheid, etc. Failed to find WMD in IRAQ, whole reason for invasion #2. Falklands Ukraine riots Russia taking small chunks of various former soviet countries. Chevck Civil war for independence Kosovo/bosnia I know i missed a shit load but you get the idea&gt; Lets not forget that the current situation with Iran is because the president walked AWAY from a a NUCLEAR TREATY in which IRAN promised NOT TO MAKE NUCLEAR WEAPONS and even allow complely open inspections . NOPE. Now all the sudden "Iran is causing problems"? SURE THEY ARE. I can 100% say its the US planting bombs.
Right now there is a cold war between Saudi Arabia and Iran. Trump has a VERY vested intrest in making sure Saudi Arabia comes out on top. He is receiving money from the kingdom, and not to mention closing the persian gulf helps saudi drive oil prices up while they can still ship from the red sea. BUT NO, nothing to see HERE
i would say that that one and desert storm one is the ONLY justified us military action in the past 50 years. Iraq#2 Nope. Vietnam. Nope Not to mention countless interfering of other governments etc.
SOMEWHAT? i mean , the USA works best when we provide financial aid and food instead of using our military. Like, desert strom #1 was the only really clear and valid use, to force the iraqi army out of Kawait. maybe afgainstaan, since 9-11. But SOOOOOO many other things are resolved by UN intervention, parking aircraft carriers. The THREAT of power is a LOT diffferent from USING that power.
oh a discussion on MINECRAFT, a VIDEO game, compared to actual physics? WHY WOULD THAT BE RIDICULOUS!!! ???
They really could have used this for RMBK reactor design
I prefer the joke warfare. Esp the WMD joke WARNING DO NOT READ IF GERMAN! Wenn ist das Nunstück git und Slotermeyer? Ja! Beiherhund das Oder die Flipperwaldt gersput!
You understand what blueprints are yes? It looks like blue prints, but a lot of the little symbols look like REAL LIFE symbols for welding, spot elevations, etc. Like they pulled from actual real blueprints, in a non sensical way, which is ok, i mean, its art.
Here is a list of some symbols for blueprints (drafting). See how some are similar? https://s-media-cache-ak0.pinimg.com/originals/52/0f/96/520f96a9c9f6c9de98c66b29a1ef4ea6.jpg
sarcasm?
I had to steal my neighbors magazines...lucky
who has to be Luigi on Super Mario Brothers
Highlander intensifies!
thing that kept me going. Is if you make mistakes, or things happen, and they do, just make a u turn. When you get a chance, the next intersection, make a u turn. Eat a few slices of pizza? Ok, Just get back on track as soon as you can, and you have a bad day, not a bad week.
ahhh i see. I mis read it. You DO care . WE SHOULD care. Sorry internets get confused with languages. quite right
EXACTLY!!!!!!!
What fucked up episode of Black Mirror have I stumbled into ???
Oof
its never a real 19/f/cali :(
Since you are on reddit, MESSAGE BORDS of things you enjoy. You can sit back and watch people, and when you want, join in the conversation. Eventually you can get to know people and meet up. I met a few urban explorerr buddies this way
im working 60 hours a week to afford a one bedroom...2 jobs, no life. LUCKY ME
The verge picked it up at least! https://www.theverge.com/2019/6/18/18684417/xiaomi-ripoff-artist-peter-tarka-spain-marketing-intellectual-property
Best show in the 'verse there, pardner. Just thinking about a reboot gets me excited..... uh, Ill be in my Bunk.
AND doll house too! josh , i dont know why Joss Wheaden shows get cancelled?? that was a good one too!
Game of thrones. I refuse to accept that last season of fuckary.
YES! Joss Wheadon shows have a habit of that happening unfortunately :( (firefly etc
WHAT! no wonder ive been waiting for the last season!!
I refuse to accept season 8
I just started watching some of the old episodes and now netflix. CRAZY funny and good show! I cant beleive im discoving this only now! They have a bunch of the old ones on Youtubes. I JUST watched this HORRIBLE one called "manos: hands of fate"
my old college friend is in europe (Paris) and he goes to the gym in what used to be an old cathedral, and there is also one that was turned into a bookstore? !
THOSE ARE ROOKIE NUMBERS!!!
What about things that cannot be explained by science though? I was an atheist till i came across a miracle? Now i do not profess to know HOW it happened, only that it defied all logic and explanation. I know i know you cannot prove a negative, and i don't tell others THEY MUST BELIEVE or what not, but i tell ya, life changing. Also this is REALLY weird. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2MG64rk6qkg
ah no thats ok. I dont worry about spelling or grammer online. Too many people from many languages and cultures. ALso to many things like that,etc. I DO get a bit peeved about "Their, they're, There" and such though! lol
see my other comment about how its pedantic and annoying to be a grammar Nazi and nobody gives a flying fuck.
How is asorbed by a non porus surface? This wasnt just one statue, this was ALL OF THE STATUES EVERYWHERE. 1000s of statues. 100s of videos showing this. But no, its " because this one statue. do you see where false assumptions get you? Unless it was planned by conspiricy, and they all had pumps in the nose. But how likely is that? Again, humans will never understand all. We are limited. There fore things outside our realm of possible understanding are forgivable if they are seen as miracles. Hell Albert Einstein beleived in em. Just saying. And what is more scientific, to say that with absolution that no god exists, or that there is a slight possibility that there is one? You might as well say there is zero chace a tea kettle is above the earth at a distance of 1000000 miles , orbiting.
isnt like, one of them a flaming wheel or something? lol. ya for sure jokeing
Sandra bland
ahhh ok. A RATIONAL RESPONSE. Thank you. Better than the sycophantic answers ive had so far. Since i have you here, where does dark matter and dark energy fit into predicted equations? I always hear things like "this phenomena actually fits general relativity or special relativity quite well....this is what we actually find when we look at quantum theroy" But what MIGHT dark energy or dark matter be? Do we KNOW yet? Do we have any reasonable predictions?
ahhh probably it popped up then. Been going through a few of em.
Thats a super simplistic version of what actually happened. They lowered it off too fast, almost crashed it to require a cold start, then tried to start it up too fast and that sequence led to a chain of events that exploded the reactor
*Useless Useless Useless Useless Useless Useless!
doesnt take that long once you get used to it. Artists have a penchant for thinking good art has to mean long, drawn out laborous and torturous process, has to push the limits, and thats fine if they are trying to expand their horizons, but honestly once you get good its pretty easy to do things like this quickly. NOT SAYING I CAN. But seen a lot of people.
good to see its not flooded anymore. Was out yesterday and couldnt pass
I used to show up late by a few minutes quite a bit, and my boss was getting annoyed. But i put a lot of effort into it, and showed up early the next couple of times. Boss says "you are here EARLY? God forbid! i didnt think it was POSSIBLE! " like, dude, im tryin here for you, dont be an ass when im makin an EFFORT. SIgh
I usually let those people know that i really enjoy seeing them and its nice that they came out, not "oh you actually made it FOR ONCE"
OH GREAT! Now the T Rex is gay, from the frog DNA! THANKS water chemicals!
You dont think nature be like dat, but it do.
19/f/cali?
Thanks to the electoral college, unless you live in Florida, Ohio, Virgina, Wisconson, or Iowa, you vote DOESNT COUNT. LIterally, doesnt matter because of others votes
starving yourself to cause abortion
bingo.
Happy cake day, u/Gestice!
Ahh i see then mate. Im in the USA, and we just recently started putting chips on our cards. IM NOT SURE about NFC, too easy to "scan your butt" and get your card info. But yeah chips are way more secure, IF THEY WOULD ACTUALLY REQUIRE THEM! half the places i go HAVE CHIP READERS, but they always tell me "just swipe" ....
I wish. It was never any/f/cali tho....
they are pretty sweet too i tell ya what.
Those are the ones that swung the last presidential election despite the president losing the popular vote. Sometimes its michigan, colorado, new mexico, north carolina etc.
no , not for presidential elections. [Here, take a quick look. Its pretty messed up....](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=90RajY2nrgk) Votes are great for um, congress, and ESPECIALLY LOCAL ELECTIONS, but presidential elections? Not so much...
Yeah, but no SLOTH?
why not 5770?
From Top LEft, Dachau, RavensBruck, Fort Sill, Ok, And the last one, un-named, just outside of El Paso.
uhhhhh didnt say...death camps. Or extermination camps. Or detention facuilities. Or jails. Or holding areas. I said concentration camps. Of which all these equally apply. From American Heritage dictionary Concentration Camp n. A camp where persons are confined, usually without hearings and typically under harsh conditions, often as a result of their membership in a group the government has identified as suspect. n. A place or situation characterized by extremely harsh conditions. n. A camp where large numbers of persons—such as political prisoners, prisoners of war, {{{{{{refugees}}}}}}—are detained for the purpose of concentrating them in one place I highlighted a word for you.
Of course. Its any camp where people are gathered up, and treated inhumanely. Does it matter? Do we have to start killing people for anyone to give a shit? How many? How many people must border patrol kill to satisfy interest. Because its at fucking 11 already
&gt; Unborn Victims of Violence Act of 2004. but it doesnt cover what is a child and whats not. Its up for the states to decide. Also 1) the person who committed the offense knew or should have known that the victim of the underlying offense was pregnant; or (2) the defendant (or accused) intended to harm the unborn child doesnt cover accidents. Many states (not mine) but have made it so its after the 2nd trimester (6 months). A fetus is NOT YET A HUMAN. It will be , but its not yet. Like, thats the simplest way to put it. Biblically, its not till its born. Medically, its not till it can survive outside of the womb with mimimal life support. scientifically, its not till it begins to develop cognative function. Its just a unbaked loaf of bread man. Potiential, but nothing yet
I THINK SO This is from middle of 2018 https://www.cabq.gov/mayor/news/city-program-provides-dignity-and-jobs-to-the-homeless
what about ART? jk jk
hmmm so what you are suggesting is that those freeloading immigrants need to perform some labor in order to justify their high cost of forced imprisonment. EDIT Sarcasm
actually its legal to cross said borders if asylum is being seeked as long as you try to report to the authorities asap. Usefull in emergency evactuaions. You didnt have jewish citizens of the REICH waiting at the border of switzerland while they were being cleared to enter, or syrians waiting at the border to turkery waiting for the go ahead. ITs UN and GEneva convention charter and guidelines, dude!
No its not. If in an emergency situation, you are allowed to cross the border to protected side without waiting for papers or permission, as long as once safely across a certain distance , you have to try to report to authorities which will then take care of legal processes. WHICH MOST OF THE REFUGEES DO, they literally seek out border guards. They are being STARVED. Recent inspections from lawyers report in even the children's camps, YES THEY HAVE A CONCENTRATION CAMP FOR KIDS, they were not being fed enough food, water supplies were inadequate, sewage and sanitation problems. THE FUCKING ADMINISTRATION argued that they dont need "soap or toothbrushes" to save money. Fuck THAT.
if applying for refugee status there is a moral and legal dutys that they must follow.
Yes. By all legal, moral, ethical, and dictionary terms, they are.
I mean, in most cases, comparing it to him because of one or two things is just absurd. But there are over 400 100% accurate comparisons to hitler and the third Reich that we have today. literally and figuratively, this is how things start.
anyone seeking asylum has a legal right to due process of determination....duh
sorry i was being sarcastic
It gets attention, and its also 100% correct usage of term.
he is . he is a troll. dont listen to him. He will only bait you.
godwins law is only applicaple when somebody makes an absurd comparison, not when there are hundreds of 100% accurate comparisons
no, being jewish is not white, its a middle eastern minority race and culture. DUH? You could be "white" and a gypsy or homosexual, but those were also considered racial and mental impurities by the Reich, and not considered white. learn history.
They dont. They turn themselves in. WELL OK THEY WERE, BEFORE They were being shoved into concentration camps. NOW, the refugees DO run for fear of having their kids ripped away from them for no reason.
100% understandable
Wrong path, mate....try again?
yes, yes, all people fleeing from violent atrocites have plenty of time to go to the local government office and wait , and then wait 2-3 months for their proper documentation to be mailed to them, AND THEN they can finally leave. NOT
Police officer obv.
Lugenpress! " Hitler quote, means "Lying press" Fake news" Donald trump, means, the press lies.
"chime to bells on a grandfather clock" WRONG WRONG WRONG WRONG&lt; WRONG WRONG WRONG WRONG. Well , mostly Economic situations are a SMALL part of it, but mostly ...... Central Americans are fleeing a VERYYYYY violent and dangerous situation. In fact, most mexican migrants have stopped coming because their economy is doing a lot better, not all but the #s have dropped off. Most of them are central americans fleeing a civil war. https://www.vice.com/en_us/article/qvnyzq/central-america-atrocities-caused-immigration-crisis
oh the more you know about something the less you know. YOU lie in the valley of supreme confidence, but yet, no knowledge. Am i an economic phd or a sociologist? No, i only have a minor in economics. I do have a degree in psychology tho. That make me pretty qualified to speak on this subject of fear and economics and some politics. Again, not claiming to be the worlds leading foremost mind on this. THIS IS WHAT the world foremost leading minds THNK ABOUT THIS SUBJECT , however. People who do have degrees in politics, socio economics, law enforcement even...so ya. from both logical, emotional, moral, religious, practical, and economic sense, these are concentration camps...
realllllly? ok neat! i was talking about the events leading up to it, from them having it run a bit hot during the day, instead of allowing it to run lower, and not have that much of a change from thest. Im by far not a nuclear physicist but im pretty familiar with Chernobyl from engineering case studies. I was referencing this video, mostly. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=q3d3rzFTrLg Edit for atrocious spelling
Need NAMES. Esp that last one? Is that like a coral reef pokemon???
Mankind used global warming against Flareef! Its very effective!
If this was a joke, i would get it. But extra virgin olive oil for CRappy design? na
Thats great , just great! I started my journey when i could barely fit into 5xl shirts at walmart. Like, "they dont make bigger shirts man, you need to change " catalyst. Now i can fit into a single xl! nice!
oh and your attack on lexicon is any better? The meat of the matter is they are still concentration camps. End. have a great night.
so concentration camps are cool then&gt;? Fuck you, dude. They are never cool, ever. Im done arguing semantics with at least an idiot, probably a racist. https://i.imgur.com/YZW5Lbt.jpg
♫if you don't love me now You will never love me again And i still hear you saying You would never break the chain....♪
also you can use thin metal chains with lights attached to make it extra cozy
Is this um, what is it called, on of the other buildings? One of the sisters? i wanna say?
Send bachelors and come heavily armed"
all magnesium suppliments you have named have extremly poor bioavilibiltiy and your body cannot process half the magnesium, making your poop and pee really expensive. Same for all vitamins. Take a daily multi with a meal, and you will have more than enough for any activity. its all a scam
a good compact shovel that fits in your car. It will help you out with ice blockages, mud,emergency bathroom breaks, and also things you need to dispose of in a completely legitimate but also secretive and secluded way.
Or you could just eat food. Like, most people. If you eat a varied diet you dont need supliments. Plus there is no way to assure you are even taking what you are taking since suppliments arent regulated by the FDA or USDA. You could be taking sawdust pills.
Its not illegal immigration, its refugees fleeing from gangs.
fun fact, undocument immigrants cant vote because well, they dont have documents to register to vote?
false, they do give undocumented aliens licenses to drive, but they are provisional temporary ones. They are subject to renewal every year, and also NOT valid to vote with. DOEY
Wow thats haunting. Did you ever know his real name? You can find out this stuff with The UN and also Ukrainain Ministry of Health, if they are reported missing, dead , etc. At least you would have closure.
yeah note the insufficient box fan on the floor! We played in the basement but it was still hot as bawls.
Fun fact if you press Shift+end in minecraft, it takes you to the ender dragon
I thought it was a bit crazy when i saw "clear channel" and then this racism meme
what about Kalamath falls and Crater lake and cannon beach etc?
i watched the first 8? episodes 15 years ago. i never finished. Yet here i am today, on #24. I am afraid to watch it. I dont want it to end. I keep putting it off because once i watch #26, it will be over. Its really , really good. I dig the hidden story, the character development, arcs, the surprises, the battles, the animation style, and i dont want it to end!
I wanna move to washington state now. Where is the best place?
well, ok . Good point. TAKE THE PEOPLE OUT then burn them down. Thank you
yes, we were taught this, but yet, not WHY. The mitochondria, early in development, merged with our cells in permanent symbosis, so that each DNA would be replicated. It made mitochondria protected from other cells by being part of a complex lifeform which included its own immune system, and it helped the cells produce energy more efficiently. Before that they were separate micro creatures.
Teach yourself, well what could go wrong? Thirst for knowlegde is good, as is trying to learn on your own, but learning from a tax pro is a lot eaiser, and simpler, and much more efficient that trying to figure it out on your own. Thats literally what teachers are there for. Ive learned to change my oil on my own, sure. But welding together a car frame? Not going to do it unless ive had tons of lessons and experience.
ITS CALLED AIRCONDITIONING EUROPE! Its time to use it. It is not a choice anymore, it is literally life saving equipment now. Europe must prepare. I know you dont like it but moving forward with climate change, the best way is to adapt as best as possible.
Phoenix wont exist in 50 years, so you are mostly correct...
&gt; Thankfully I live in Ireland, and temperatures over 30 are very rare. FOR NOW.
its worth it to replace a window and get a window unit. Ugly, sure. But effective? you betcha
emergency heat shelters. Open empty gymnasiums and such. Elderly, yes, but shopping in a/c grocery stores can be decent. Or emergency food delivery.
for somepeople it can be. My point is that teachers have a very valid and useful existence and purpose.
I mean, now if i get a pizza, i just have left overs for days. lol actually too much. So i just get a medium. But i remember a xl would last about a day.
the blue link. Got the #s backward. 6594
1. CONGRATS YOU AMAZING&lt; BREATHING PERSON! 2. i know everybody is different, but do you know how much it costs? I KNOW i will have to get this done for me eventually. Aprox cost?
I dont know the name but it makes everything look soft! Reminds me of Lelo And Stitch design ...
how is that gay?
That your daughter WILL have sex, weather you want her to or not, so its best to educate her on all the good and the bad stuff. ITs eaiser to teach her about birth control or condoms than to raise a child at 16. Also, girls can be VERY deceiving. LOL. Very sneaky, but thats kids in general sometimes....
Gimp is pretty decent once youve worked on it a bit
I think bout 14 year olds night and day.... ♫♪
REALLY? i have been taking 800mg does 4x a day for my knees for 9 months now because they feel like they are falling apart. If i dont, im in such pain i cannot function, it gives me a bit of releif. What other do you suggest?
well i will take this as advice then and not doctors orders, just to be safe legally for you. No i have not had stomach pains or bleeding internally as you have described, etc. I will look up those videos also. Unfortunelty in the usa i make 22k a year, just over the limit for medicaid, and not enough for 200 a month for insurance :( . Kind of stuck in a bad spot. BUT i willl keep this in mind. I am losing weight, 425-*305 lbs nowbut i think i have been overweight so long that its affecting my knees. Esp since i have been working out more often. Thank you for your advice
these are all great points. Even though i cannot afford it very much, perhaps i need to see a doctor at a free clinic or somehting similar. I suspect my bad knees are from being overweight for a long time period, despite my losing over 120lbs, that can still take a toll on the body. Thank all of you
probably being overweight for a long time period
YOU are ALL BREATHTAKING! Beautiful souls, each and every one of you!
I love your screenname btw. Thank you for your hard work as a mod, and just know that you are pretty neat and awesome as a person (from what ive seen from you on reddit, ha ha)
this is EXACTly why i love this thread and star wars in general. So mysterious, so full of ideas and characters and races and worlds etc..
OH my! YES bookwench(great SN by the way ;) ) I JUST finished the The Farthest Shore , Earthsea #3, and it was fantastic! Discworld is next on my list after i get done with these ones.
its good for pasteurized cheese. If you ever tried cheese made from unpasturized milk, good god, it is delicious! Cant get it in the USA though due to FDA and USDA
THATS what a toastie is! ok i always heard of it, but never knew what it twas! Much thanks be to you, good sir
unless its ribs , then its slow and 220 degrees. Breaks down the tendons at that temp
i always wonder which crazy fucker was the first to ever try cow milk , like, hey, come here, cow, let me see dem tittys....
i dont think thats enough for minecraft.
my friend wants to know what the hell ray tracing is. Can you please explain it for their stupid asses, i dont feel like answering their dumb question...
thats because while hot dogs come in packs of 10, hot dog buns come in packs of 8. You have to buy 40 of each to break even! ITS A CONSPIRACY!!!!
midwesterners dont say pop, they say "soda" only yankees say Pop, southerns say "coke: Edit!Whoops, had it BACKWARDS! [for more interesting stuff check this out ] (https://www.businessinsider.com/american-english-dialects-maps-2018-1#no-one-can-agree-on-whether-to-call-it-soda-pop-or-coke-2)
OH wow my friend says, thanks, that sounds like a much simpler explanation than i could come up with!
REALLY? i think um upper midwest there is a split of pop. Lexicon always facinates me! like how texas chili is different from New mexico chile, etc....
Fun customer service story. I was the shift manager, manning the right cash register during a lunch rush. My other cashier, uh, Lets say Debbie, was on the other one. I was waiting for the server to bring the food over, so i could ring it up , etc, and also watching the store, etc. My cashier , debbie, is fantastic, polite, and does an outstanding job. My sense pick up when i see the lady infront of her have a sour look. I watch their conversation. Deb:Oh ok, you had the blah blah blah, is there anything else i can get you? A drink, a slice of pie? lady:NO THANK. YOU. Deb:Ok well, then , your total is blah blah. Lady has a DEATH stare now. Lady swipes her card. Deb:Ok well here is your recipt, and if you like surveys, fill this out and enter to win this, blah blah, thank you! lady: , can i speak to manager????!!! I m literally watching them, 3 feet away..... What can i do for ya mam? lady : THIS WOMAN was entirely rude to me and i demand a refund for all the horrible things she said ! me: Maam, i was watching the ENTIRE conversation, and despite YOUR rude looks, Debbie did a GREAT job. Now is there anything else&gt;? Is there a different problem you need addressed?&gt; lady: NO. FINE. HAVE A NICE DAY. LITERALLY&lt; boggles my MIND how smiling and treating somebody nice qualifies as hostile and rude behavior??? Anyways customers be weird.
our state allows it, not all places use it, but it was interesting to note that our gas station has mircophones at the pumps to prevent fraud....
HOW DARE you discipline my kid! Nobody disciplines them! Not even me! lol! fuckin great!
some states do, though im thinkin he just read her lips and tone through facial expressions. You can see somebody say "fuck off " vs " please stop kicking that :) "
Eskimo?
honest question, as ive never used a suppressor, doesn't it not matter as its a supersonic bullet? or is it just to cut down on range / shooting noise?
i am tempted...
ah thanks so much for the info! I will have to look into sub sonic ammo also!
sad noises, but also happy whimpers
some people choose not to, and identify as asexual, never having those urges, so to them , its not a big deal at all! Now if they ARE , but things just never had gone right, ok, that is a bit sad. But sometimes you gotta wait for the right one.
yeah! i broke a rib when unloading a truck for good ol McDonalds, we had our storage downstairs (big ol freezer) and we had those rollers? Anways a box of burgers gets a corner stuck and it starts tumbling down, and the corner catches, and me of course , a 16 yo boy at the time, wasnt paying that close attention, and BAM right in the ribs and face, broke a rib and got a black eye!
**Hokey religions and ancient weapons are no match for a good blaster at your side, kid.**
HA! I used to saran wrap my co workers phones randomly when they left them lying around....they try to use em them WTF? lol!
YEah right, most of those "patriots" are only keyboard warriors, living with mom still and too fat to fit in the 95 civic, the only car they can afford from working as a part time KFC drive thru clerk. IE they have never, nor ever will, be in the service of their country. Quite the contrary, they are a detriment to it .
YOU do honestly realize there are jerks on both sides, esp now , esp currently, esp at this second, tweeting away, right&gt;
What if Iran uses their Nukes though?
over a million Communists. China was using their soldiers too. And you would have to kill everybody to win. Thats why the USA didnt invade Japan. They would have to kill every single person to win.
yeah he was from my high school. Wasnt best freinds or anything, but i knew him. Class 1 grade A asshole
Only if they take mitch mcconnel too...
we had a racist soap dispenser at my old job, it was in a corner so it didn't get any light, so white hands would trigger it, but it wouldn't for darker skinned folk.
are you by chance, an orc?
Iran bots? no. Russian bots? yes. Iran is friends with russia and china. Its been pretty well documented though cambridge analytica that facebook and other social media "hacking" and "manipulation" severely influenced the 2016 election. Just saying. And yeah, lots of very rich, powerful people would LOVE to cover up ANY trace of epstein's misdeeds. BUt i have no idea if it will happen. Look at what happened (or didn't) with the panama papers
depends on his concept? some concepts cannot die, its true, like evil, justice, love, etc. But concepts like plow tilt farming? Oh gosh, he is gonna be in the minor leagues forever. Try to be nice, and i like to usually start out with "its not you, its me and the infinite slow degradation from order to chaos over time"
not the parks service!
down in the vaults, plenty to read, not much else to do,
Literally what the taliban and ISIS have done. ALso, dont forget The USA started ISIS....sigh
These actually look like Iraqi Patrols, IE, anti ISIS recon and patrol.
Looks more like a patrol (Iraqi federal cops, militia if you want to think of it) hit a insurgent (terrorist) land mine. So no.
Not to mention the Australian Economy itself is most dependent on exports of its raw and refined minerals and such exported to China. China is one of the WORST polluters in the world. They Literally cannot go out for days at a time because the air pollution is DEADLY. They dont care, as long as THEY get "ahead" and its not chinese, its the dam GOVERNMENT. Totalitarian regimes always think "they know whats best" for the people. They dont. They are building a new coal power plant every month. Its sickening.
I mean, in the USA we have had fires too, it happens , its actually part of the ecosystem (pines and conifers spread though fire). But its literally the worst its ever been. Whole towns havent ever been wiped out before. Aussie has seen plenty of drought and fires, but they aint never been this bad, and they will get WORSE. Imagine darwin buring to the ground. Its just insane.
But again, yeah that was super bad, shit, but this is worse. It is clearly shows its getting worse over time. Thats all . Because of Humans. Thats the WHOLE point
(5x300 + 5x60 + 5x5)= 1500+300+25 1825
oh 100% sarcasm there, i try to make it over obvious since this is the internet's and all.
YEAH my ex SWORE her cats were 100% trainted NOT to get on any counters , table, or couches. I was watching her kid, and as soon as she left, i noticed 2 catties jump up to look at something. YEP
oh so cd at 2% interest is how people get to be billionaires, i get it....lol. The point is, nobody works a regular job and becomes a billionaire, they do it by not paying taxes, manipulating workers and investing in offshore tax havens, and also paying less (or not at all) on capital gains. Im not an economist but even i can understand simple demand and supply based keynesian economic theory is the only way for society as a whole to be satisified.
Right? Even saving $5000 since JESUS each day wouldnt make you as rich as bill gates or jeff bezos!
offf you got me! I fixed it!
you know what is criminal? Student loans are allowed to charge interest higher than credit cards, and yet savings and investments to banks pay less than interest! Everybody deserves to have good education, and low cost available health care. Education is investing in knowledge and society, and a better economy, and low cost health care, because having money shouldnt be the factor in weather you get to live or not.
yeah, and now im transfering 1/2 of my stocks to bonds and other assets, thanks to Iran. The stock market is no means a GUARANTEED investment, and people need GUARANTEED retirement income. It tanked right in 2008 when my parent retired, i had to help them out a lot. It also crashed in 2001, 1991, 1982, 1975, etc. Most people dont care about becoming UBER rich, they want to retire decently!
well how about this. Ok so in a democracy , the government is supposed to do what the people want it to, they vote and tell it ok? Now it takes taxes so it can do those things. Now imagine if instead of having to pay out the ass for Education, a whole division of the government by the way, it was heavily subsidized by the government. It wouldnt be FREE, it would be paid by taxes, and cost a hell of a lot less for everybody.
bingo. common core is good for estimating math quickly in the head. For more complex equations, tho, its better for previous methods
that's if you never ever miss a payment or have any difficulties. God forbid you dont have an accident, or get laid off, etc. If you miss a payment , EVEN if you make it up in the next one, they CAN raise the rate pretty dam high. My rates are low now, but read the fine print, its all in there. Also, who say a 17 year old is capable of understanding that level of debt at that point in their life? Some may, sure, but many DONT, and it shows.
Its can happen to become rich, im pointing out the absurdity of billionaires. ANd no, Jeff Bezos didnt pay taxes and still doesnt, and he is a crook. Tax him at 90% and we will all be fine The UK and tons of european countries are doing just fine, Japan, China, India, Australia, hell even Gabon pays for their students. The USA used to practically pay for everybody's college anyways, we just stopped when stupid reagan started destroying the middle class
I mean, no they dont. Jeff Bezos paid zero taxes last year. I paid more taxes than him. Im not a billionaire. Or they pay such a small fraction it shifts all the tax burdern onto those who have the least moneys
Stock market isnt working wages though. Its not Earned income. Its investment, not actual work.
Dam Straight!
no, stock market returns are considered capital gains, from the term "capital" meaning" wealth or property" . Its a return investment and growing in money. INCOME is generally refered to as the exchange between labor and money for that labor. Now you may sell a car for money, and that may be considered income, but you also bought that car, so if you sell it for less thats a capital loss. Thats NOT income, BUT if you sell it for more , ThAT is INCOME because you either made it more valuable or fixed it etc. Capital gains through investments are a different income, situation, and circumstance than personal income though labor.
ahhhhh ok ok. I could see that. sometimes i look at practical situations too. Like, COULD there have a been a girl outside on that ledge? IS there a ledge? Well, looking and the building, you can see a special different envelope around one floor, and no others, so its certinally possible there is a ledge. AND, do unattended children get into trouble without thinking about it? HELL YES THEY DO. So , to me, its POSSIBLE. But you ARE CORRECT, people do fake a TON of stuff now a days, for various reasons, (one of my favorites is Aarons Animals on Youtube) , so you NEVER are 100% sure these days!
When you see that extra hand! shivers!
Holy shit i just realized we did that to our windows. magnets and plastic sheeting because of drafty windows in winter (rented house). Not on all windows, but it kinda worked. I know in some areas people make "storm windows" which are basically lumber frames with a few layers of sheeting inbetween which have insulation around the edge and slide into windows, and they stop a LOT of heat from leaving
huh...my dad took the doors off my bedroom, because in my 8th grade ish years, i would slam my door shut and bang (temper tantrum). I finally earned it back in junior year. I had to use a taped up blanket for privacy.
huh....my parents only would allow us in their room if we were invited in. And i get that, privacy, they generally did the same for us too. But the bathroom thing, parents would NEVER let us use their bathroom even when it was the only working shower. We had to take baths.
I mean sometimes meals are like that, if you are hungry and eating....but all of the time is weird, sad, or messed up.
see my parents would say "no tv or video games if you are sick, only reading, resting, and sleeping. Which actually was fine when i WAS actually sick, and usually if i was, they would let me watch tv after a while. Same to discourage me i think. but doing CHORes? thats not good!
or realzing how great your own parents are? or maybe how bad your parents were? lol
THAT is weird! My sister limits my nephews to 4 hours of wifi during the summer, but thats cause they will stay on videogames ALL DAY, moring till night, if she doesnt. Lol, little hobbits.
some houses have older/louder plumbing , and some people are light sleepers. My parents told us unless #2, dont flush at night (after bedtime). Makes sense a bit. Now im own apt though its flush all night
YES! I remember the good old days of SOCOM, Navy Seals and my clan would ALWAYS win (we won a few tournaments) and people always thought we were cheating. Got a few notices from PSN saying "your account is in review" lol. But yeah, those glory days. Now im getting punked by kids with frying pans in PUBG. Battlefield i can still hold my own though.
Wasps hae their places in our ecosystem preying upon other smaller insects even some pests. But also, yes, fuck wasps!
a beautiful Schnoodle! just discovered these! thanks!
well close to freezing the air gets really dry, and intolerable and painful at a point. Literally the water is sucked out of the air. Do you live near the coast, the pac NW or the nordic countries perchance?
Be Grateful people love you and appreciate the moment. And perfectly word your wish in your head, dont fuck it up, for the one time it comes tru, and you DO fuck it up...oh no!
My ex and i went in to watch this show together, and we started with "The entire history of you" it was JUUUUUST fucked up enough for us to want to see our souls get ripped out next time. White Christmas was a bit much for her, black museum was a bit too much for me (needed some time after that one...
You mean Mayo. I was closing the kitchen sunday night for inventory monday morning, and i found 8. Freakin. gallon. Tubs. of MAYO!!!!WTFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFF like if you put it all togetehr it was like 2 gallons. Fucking lazy fucks
Today's air quality is mauve and speckled. Welcome... to Night Vale.
ALLL HAIL
Ever hear of a Phyrric Victory? Its true that the USA won almost every major battle they came across, but unless you were prepared to wipe out every village with NVA sympathizer, you could never win that war. In fact its the reason the British Lost agasint the Americans in the first go around, you cant fight the ideas of freedom or independence or self determination with an army. But please tell us how nuking them would win over their hearts and minds
lick it . Ill give you $5 american.
how do you live in that? Can you even go outside?
Thats only 22 k a person though.
there is an abandoned sawmill about 30 mins away, and there is also an old hospice turned mental asylum that was shut down do to the doctor "doing unethical experiments" on patients, about 4 people ended up dying, many more were permentanly brain damaged. That place is fucking haunted (Sandia Mental Asylum in New Mexico)
wait wait. Ill give you 10?
my bad! lol
Sadly, its Albuquerque 24/7. ( we have a special area called "the warzone" but much of albuquerque has this crap in it...sigh. Like breaking bad wasnt that far off)
i think you are correct on this one....
People keep blaming the lady cop, but you CANNOT tazer a guy when he is on the ground, and your partner is on top, thats gonna taze your partner too. She is realzing this, and changes tactics later. SHe really needed her billy club and handcuffs.
Im just gonna make an innocent comment expressing my views which are benign but will be crucified .
Bingo. Having kids for me isnt a deal breaker, because i would be more than willing to adopt. But i dont know if i could date somebody with a penis, practical or not. I know its stupid these days, but i dont know if id be able to get past it. IVe dated a couple of trans women and as beautiful as they were, intimacy was a huge issue. Like i 100% support them, and their choices and decisions, but i was called homophobic because i didnt choose to continue the relationship? Like, i dont know how to explain it , other than i was born that way, also.
♪I Bless the rains down in Australia! Gonna take some times to the things we never haaaaaad ♫
♫♪♫♪♪♪
Why dotn they just make it rain more to put out the fires SOONER next time? I mean, i know its the land down under but they need forward thinking!
Holy shit you are right i need to go to bed so i can get up early in the morning and get stuff done
thats a weird, weird white door? is it for sealing things in? like to prevent heat loss through the door with no air going through. I'm quite intrigued. EDIT. NEVER MIND IM AN IDIOT. I thought it was a second door, but thats SNOW. Makes much, much more sense.
well thats not 100% horrifying....
I thought that of the radio, last week. They kept commenting on what i was doing like "And now he puts down the fork, and looks oddly at the radio, thinking" did that radio just talk about me?" and as the radio mentions that thought, he becomes aware that he is not alone"
Tell me this is the famous can opener bridge? 11'8 or something like that?
Yeah my freind was moving (From his school in UNC) and his Uhaul hit the sign but he was actually paying attention, and he turned and avoided it. HE said it was hard to miss because of the sign, there is a horn, and flashing lights that notify a truck when its too tall! I guess there will always be people who don't pay attention.
Thanks, its always nice to see a Marmaroneckian!
uhhh pardon me, im just a greenhorn , what is cpm?
You know what is crazy? with the internet, and time, you can find out anything about anyone. Tehere is this documentary (Dont Fuck with Cats) that shows just how easy it can be. I found the adress of a guy who took a video of street protests (i wanted to see where it was, and it kinda became a game of google earth and streetview). Anways i figured out exactly which building and floor that guy was on. I didnt really want to do anything, i was flabberghasted afterwards at how EASY it was. Pause, rewind, pause, frame, frame etc. I know there have been instagram models that have had stalkers figure out their exact apartments from the angle of the sun and street images. And on the TOR network, there is info for sale , like literally if you know their first and last name and city, for 25 bucks you can get their email, passwords , all their social media, etc. Its disgusting how easy it is. And now this too.....
Fun Fact, many places have made wearing a mask in a protest ILLEGAL. Canada, of all places, did this. Its illegal in hong kong. Its illegal in different US Cities. And now with this tech, you can see how that and this fit together...
ahhhhhh. Well so much for that idea.
Yeah its a bit pricy, my fam had a summer cabin up there when i was a kid, loved that place so much. We were not well off but my mom knew how to save for things, we didnt go out that much on vacation but we always managed to find fun cheap things to do!
Preety cocky for a team where the city has human poop all over the sidewalks.
Fun fact, marketing 101 pricing here Normal places, cost ending in 9 is to make you think its cheaper, $9.99 is cheaper than 10.00, and your brain adjusts down to $9.00 instead of up .01 to ten. Cost ending in .00 or even numbrs are depicting high quality, you might see some designer clothes marked as 56.00 dollars for a shirt, or 75.00 for nice silverware, etc. Costs ending in 5 or 7 are meant to appear to be on sale, or a good bargin. Costs ending in 8 are typically for special codes by management, marketing, etc. something for 5.88 is gonna be because they are discontinuting it, or its the last in stock for a while, or its to move things quicky, etc. Kroger and Smiths do this with their "Case lot " sales. Lastly things are almost NEVER ending in 1 or 3, as we depict lower numbers with lower value, however , 2 and 4 are seen as quality due to being even, so its fair game. HOly shit i cant beleive i remembered that all from DECA.
100% pure cutie pie. Love it
ALso for teens, once they hit 14-17 they havea hormone shift that makes it extremly difficult to get up early , and makes them stay up later. Schools that shifted later start times also had a higher graduation rate and cut their drop out rate. [https://theconversation.com/why-teen-brains-need-a-later-school-start-time-65308](https://theconversation.com/why-teen-brains-need-a-later-school-start-time-65308)
This better be the best patty melt in the world ....(takes bite) Smiles...ok, ok, you were lucky...
here is the thing. They make being anomyous illegal. So no one can hide. So there for anyone wearing a mask is automatically a criminal, and not just a protester. Its called "erosion of privacy rights "
depends on how fast and how aware i am. I froze a couple of times, other times i ran , one time i jumped. And what is it 90% of the time? People on fucking phones, texting or otherwise
I mean, one time i was crossing a green light, and a car almost hit me like this guy, not paying attention. I kicked the car cause i was so full of adrenaline, suprise, and anger they weren't paying attention and almost hit me. Driver honked at me and i just flipped them off and kept walking, with a bit of shivers from a close call. Fuck it still gives me shivers
Cyka Blyat?
Interesting idea, we have two futures. With the advent of technology, and automation, most jobs will be gone in the future. One is where corperate greed scrapes every single cent from the lower classes for the billionaire class, and there are two worlds, one a poverty stricken hellscape, and small isolated pockets of super rich people watching it all from "Ivory towers" where machines do all the work for these people and everybody else is either thrown into the past agrarian random societies. Think of "Elysium" Two is where we invest those last scraps of money into infrastructure, homes, and an economy based upon, not capital assets, but physical needs, environmental concerns, education, and advancement of society. Much like star trek, if you want . Where machines do all the intense labor and we are free to carve our own destiny, we own everything and nothing. Thats communism, but a utopian communism that is now closer and closer to being possible. So do you want to live in a lawless hellscape, or a utopia where you can pretty much do what you want ?
oh boy, if you think all left activities are funed by ONE guy , George Soros, you need to step away and realize you are probably being misled by the ones actually corrupting the sytem. George Soros, 1, also gives to conservative factions and causes and charities. Look it up. There are so many republicans literally taking bribes from mega large corporations is hilarious, if it wasnt so serious. The first rule in any criminal defense is "WELL ITS NOT MY FAULT, look what the OTHER people do thats WORSE" trying to shift blame and attention from their crimes. classic , classic diversion. Dont fall for it, you are smarter than that.
You do realize how silly you sound right? If its not in the air, who the fuck cares. Burning carbon rich sources for fuel , power, and heat is just asisine. There is a gaint thing called the SUN which gives the earth enough energy every year to run every power need for 100x over . Not to mention wind, nuclear, advanced nuclear, tidal, dams, etc. Having a plastic bin to put something in isnt vaslty contributing to climate change and carbon dioxide in the air. It literally stays ina solid form. Thats like saying having a log makes sparks. If you keep it as wood insead of BURNING THE WOOD, no it doesnt. Oy vey, man, nobody is saying to end petroleum. Its useful. But we need to stop using it as a fuel soruce.
Sorry, i meant, i had a green light, the little walk light thing was up, and it said ok, and the cars were following parallel to my position, like you are supposed to do? I dont know who crosses the street on a red light, because cars are coming across your path, and its dangerous? Perhaps im not that clear, or you are just dont understand? Im betting its a bit of both, so i tried to clairfy,
so i had the crossing sign, the walk symbol, etc. The car that almost hit me was coming up to a RED light. AKA they were supposed to be stopping. BUT a lot of cars tend to stop "In the zebra crossing " which is not only dangerous but illegal esp if you cant see the entire view with traffic. The car that almost hit me was on a red light and almost didnt even stop, (they were on their phone). I wonder if i hadnt been there, if they might have gone into traffic and gotten hit! Sorry also, language and clear communication is a beast on the internet sometimes, esp on forums.
Thanks, i needed a good existential crisis today
Awwww such a handsome boy (pinches cheek)
Thats more than i make in like, 2 years, man! wow!
we will be fine, the USA has the best health care system that no one can afford!
wow thats some black mirror shit right there
Sigh yes! The romans stripped it for the limestone to make cement. Bastards!
Since when has china ever tried to cover up something serious?
REALLY? i will have to look that up! thanks!
Love it! ALso have a question? Ok if Boromir is a bad ass warrior, and has this shield he carries the ENTIRE TIME, why doesnt he use his SHIELD or even his BRACERS to block the arrows? Doesn't that make sense? I mean he is trained by the only the best in the entire realm, wouldn't he be awares? once the first arrow was fired he would go into arrow defense mode! &gt;&gt;?
There is no good and evil, there is only shades of grey, and in that we can only change our own deeds and outcomes. Be the path of light, but you can never fix others dark path. We are all human.
once you give up this whole "good or evil" thing, and just accept that you are the only one that matters, you will sleep SO much better. It doesnt matter if others suffer because of your actions or benifit because of your actions, all that matters is if YOU benifit. Screw over as many people as you like as long as it doesnt hurt you, and do good things if it benefits you. THATS how you get ahead, and once you get ahead, you arent in the rat race anymore. Then you can stop caring about anybody else cause you will have so much money and success, you will be above everybody else. They will then exist to serve you.
we are supposed to be in a mini ice age up until 2500 abouts, but our burning of fossil fuels has negated that. Source Cosmos\~NDT
it gets cumbersome for combat! Our DM has a timer so we have to be on point. Works ok though.
Make Taco Tuesday a religious holiday. NO WAIT Give FireFly 6 seasons. NO WAIT! WAIT! Smite all the people who DONT have pets and yet, still put their toliet paper roll on backwards. FUCK THOSE GUYS
so everybody then Nobody is innocent. And everybody is good and bad
This is gonna be awkward for my (may she STAY resting in peace) mother in law
see , thats the kinda creative god we need
Destory the Power, become the new power! love it! !
Im so sick, please dont make me laugh so hard!
Oh my! you mean? does this? Oh my! I gotta go...gotta fix somethings before i get to the bad place!
I will NEVER try vr now! I had no idea it required sticking metal prongs into your eyes ! :o
THATS 5 inches? wow im not even close to that. No wonder my ex wife left, i thought i was 7 inches
Same for NASA . com insetead of [NASA.gov](https://NASA.gov).
IF its ear wax try COLACE. Its a stool softener, but it works just perfect on wax. I get wax falling in my ear sometimes, i went to the doc a few times to fix it, he told me about this. Then you just rinse it out like in above video and you are good!
Im tired of seeing the phones at 1% getting all the attention. We need help for all the devices! Not just the 1%!!!
Even the old nokias wouldnt die. I remember my phone would sound like a modem trying to put through a call. LOL this sound! [https://www.zedge.net/ringtone/8ae5eb5a-8ab1-3d38-8dcd-caad833cd8ea](https://www.zedge.net/ringtone/8ae5eb5a-8ab1-3d38-8dcd-caad833cd8ea)
probably serving an eviction notice or a fine for car having a cracked windshield
I lost my job and it took about 1 month and a half to find a new one, bye bye graphics card
thats more than i make in a month!
Gosh im drooling over that georgous wood stock! So nice!
I saw a bunch of Mosin Nagant M1891/30 s for sale back last year, by the crate! Reconditioned , like less than 100 per. But i was saving up for a a graphics card, etc. Sigh. it sucks having multiple passions
Look for people im 100% AGAINST segregation, but in this case, i wish they had "pineapple only " snacks. heck they have "oops all berries" captain crunch berries!
Fun fact, the USA nuclear sub fleet uses 11 INCH FLOPPY DISCS to run its missile guidance and security control protocols.....
AND BEING A GOSH DARn DECENT PERSON!
Those look like the bananas my wife left me for. (note, my ex wife was a gorilla)
there was a word or two that improved it!
im heading downtown at 7 am. I have a few empty carbord boxes for glass, and some plastic bags, a few pairs of work gloves. Wear a mask, to be careful. Somebody want to bring paint cleaner? or a scrub brush and soapy water?
wasnt jesus a jew though?
Oh thats where you are wrong my freind, you see, god loves us, but he also gave us free will, and wants us to love him, but not cause he MADE it so. He wants us to grow and learn and evolve into beings like him. But we have to make that choice. He sent his only son, Jesus , down to earth , so that he could pay for our sins. All God wants us to do is love eachother and be happy. But you gotta first accept Jesus into your heart. "Dear Heavenly Father, I accept Jesus, your only son, into my heart, and my life be blessed for now it is in your hands, please, show me the way" Thats all you have to do, and mean it. And you will be guided towards salvation, as would be anybody who accepts god into their heart. He will forgive all sins if a person is repentant, he will love and cherish each of his creations that have taken that first step.
Im pretty sure that is one of those frog backpack things
little bit of both. LOL who knows anymore?
Somebody needs to overlay Fleetwood mac on this
YOu are white, and we , as white people, have been spoon fed bullshit since the day we started living about black people. The media has it on lockdown, the FBI and CIA do as well, and the whole rhetoric is designed to make white people uncomfortable around blacks and hateful of whites. They dont tell you the US Govenment , though CounterIntelligenceProgram, (CoIntelPro) Has been literally subjectating black people, up int this very day. J Edgar Hoover, the head of the FBI in the 40-60s, knew that if they black people rose up, and obtained civil rights, there would be nothing to stop people from turning on the government ,and stopping the wide array of abuses against the population . THe white people would join the blacks and get rid of people like him. The FBI framed black leaders, killed them, targeted children for abduction to get peolpe to "stop their trouble making" , they set up false news stories, suppressed and changed progressive news stories. The CIA used drugs to keep people calmed down, or indrocude dependency on people. Its a well know fact the CIA smuggled weapons to other countries, dictatorships , in south america, in return, they gave them drugs like cocaine, and they fed those drugs into black neighborhoods in the form of crack cocaine. The entire crack epidemic can be traced directly to CoIntelPro , The CIA, Reagans foreign policy intervention in South America. Black people dont , and cant, call the police when something is wrong. They cant raise lawsuits, they dont get education, they cant even buy homes in areas due to "religious exemptions" (those religions say they cant intermix , which is also BS excuse, because when its used those people arent even religious, only dont want black people next to them. Anyways, Alll of this came to light ONLY BECAUSE white and black activists broke INTO FBI HEADQUARTERS and STOLE documents that proved they killed a LOT of black leaders, etc. Sorry for the huge text page, but most white people(including myself) are not aware of this. It is BY DESIGN. Protesters arent the enemy, Rioters, Looters even arent your enemy. Black people are not your enemy. THe American Government is. [https://clairewillettwrites.tumblr.com/post/619893194472177664/i-posted-this-a-few-days-ago-on-twitter-and-it](https://clairewillettwrites.tumblr.com/post/619893194472177664/i-posted-this-a-few-days-ago-on-twitter-and-it)
OH of course, of course! Sigh. I like F1 too but they never broadcast that much in the USA.
Pretty sweet . Im saving up for one, gonna be a while.
mildly interesting fact: rattlesnakes have poison in their fangs, making them venomous.
I agree. My friend had one in her bedsheets one night, bit her directly on her butt! lol. But they pulled out over 160 CC of ...melted? ... flesh from her butt, we told her "she popped a cheek" because one side was so just...melted...than the other. And she had a really nice butt, too! So sad.
eventually, but it was never as full or plump. Sigh
i bet you got laid a bunch in college
and where is your proof quoting people saying that? where is the interviewee saying that?
i MADE pineapple fried rice last week for the first time, its AMAZING!
ALA MACHINA! (also, Too long to be legal is my porn slogan)
TRUE! But i was reading some studies a while back, lb for lb humans are just as strong, COMPARATIVLEY. Gorillas weigh a HELL of a lot more , so of course they are gonaa have a fuck ton more muscles. but a 300 lb gorilla would be as just about as strong as a very fit human. Weightlifter class, olympic etc. Same for chimps. Its just about body size and mass. After all we are all still primates!
I like how the roofs are all like, super roofed up? Like, you know? Uhhhhh how the tops all meet, and just how many lines there are?
We should Sikh out whoever did this and Punjab them in the face!
I seen roadrunners eat a lizard half its size also. birds can be pretty metal!
To be fair pigeons are really tasty.
People who confuse them with Muslims, who are also model citizens. I remember back after 9/11, anti Muslim sentiment was running high. We have a lots of Sikh Owned gas stations. Anyways some guys shot and killed a Sikh guy, because they thought he was a Muslim, even though Sikhs are more Hindu. They all wear turbans though, which is probably why they got confused. Stupid, stupid fuckers.
Ah ok then. Thanks!
Just please, social distance, and wear a mask. Thats all. wash your hands a lot too
OHhhh dam! Is it a good thing that i was a bit naive on this, or a bad sign?
OHHHHH. I was wondering just what threat "soyboys and weak pansy liberals" could pose to the "uber strong christian consertatives ammosexuals"
Well i thought since ive seen a lot of people with out them, we didnt need em anymore! My bad!
They REALLY need to enforce this beacuse tons of people arent wearing em! I thought we didnt need em anymore because so few were! Sigh. Ill gladly do it! I just thought it was over
I guess if you are proud of the confederate part of your heritage, that makes you a bad person, cause it was a war to keep slaves. Be proud of other things but not of the confederacy
NO. Bad SJW. WE are talking away your ally card now
these are the prettiest chickens ive ever seen!
1 billion out of...how many billion? I mean granted thats a lot of good social work, but NYC has a Gianormous budget, im wondering if this is like 1/200 th of the police budget
oh wow nice! Def!
