Avoiding jail.
Accused men will now get their constitutional rights to due process on college campuses.
Bill saying that Pai Mei has never taught anyone the five point, palm, exploding heart technique.
[This](https://www.reddit.com/r/AskFeminists/comments/7n8063/what_can_womenfeminists_do_to_help_with_mens/) one about men's mental health disgusted me a lot.
Full Metal Jacket.
Sleeping while somebody else is trying to get ready for work.
Natalie Merchant's old band is now 5,000 Maniacs.
I use my career as a nurse to inspire and empower other men and boys!
Apartment application fees.
The Foo Fighters are going to cease to exist one day.
Not starting a men's rights group in high school or college.
Toy Story.
The Brewers will finally win the World Series after being deprived of it in 2011.
Something in Chinese or Japanese.
Invading Russia in winter.
How easy it would be to divide chores.
"Pour Some Sugar On Me" by Def Leppard.
I agree, especially after he put all of those Japanese-Americans into concentration camps. Oh, wait...
Mario Kart.
Stock in a 2018 startup company.
I'd make him my famous chicken fajitas. He'd better like them--nobody has ever not liked them!
Truckers and other traveling workers who mope about being away from their families. Get a different job if you want to see them more.
Calvin Klein.
How to write a cover letter.
Facepalm.
Says "Feminism is for men, too."
Milli Vanilli.
When she wears my clothing. Very little turns me off more.
Waterworld.
Good quality shoes. Trust me on this one.
Great song with a great video.
Two fingers and a thumb are okay, of course. I can just see Pedro Martinez striking guys out with his devastating four-seamer...but throwing it with THREE fingers!
I would say her demanding the kid she walked out on (and ultimately getting him) was more overstepping.
Wait until after 16 to get my license. I was 18.
Walmart products.
Beets. GROSS.
Michael Bolton and Kenny G.
Me crying with my wife when she cries.
Democrats are going to start loving fracking. I guarantee it.
Well-made and well-explained. Thank you for this post!!
The same people who wore vagina costumes are questioning Trump's mental health...
The murder confession.
Johnny Depp as Willy Wonka.
Brobdingnagian. It means large.
Garlic powder/chili powder.
Lack of empathy.
My wife proposed to me. I'd say that's pretty sweet.
They also don't want to fork over billions in revenue for your tax idea, nimrod.
My mom told my future-wife to be careful of men who like kids.
Beets. They're so disgusting, yet so good for you (like all things healthy).
Diner.
My wife and I just recreated our first date last year: we got dinner at an Ethiopian restaurant in Milwaukee, went for a drive by the lake, had a deep, intimate conversation in my car (not the same car), stargazed, and kissed good night. It's truly an amazing date.
I jaywalk.
Practice everything people tell you you can't do. Nothing will hurt them more.
"If you need anything, I'm here for you."
Mussolini is going to betray you.
Fast food.
Everything.
Very true. Good points.
Willy Wonka practiced slavery and had several health code violations.
My classmate said something in tenth grade. I replied, "I like that quote! The Dalai Lama said that!" His reply: Jeff, I think Dolly was a *sheep*.
Riding a bike without hands. Like, how the actual hell?
Burger King.
There's a kind of cat that barks like a dog.
"You dropped your pocket."
In this day and age, the Mona Lisa. Since the original theft in 1912, it's been under unprecedented security.
I mean, I get faster service at bars and girls have bought me drinks...
I had had a really horrible day at work about five years ago, and I came home ready to cry for a while until my then-girlfriend (now-wife) came home. I went into the room, and there she was, naked and posing like a lion on the bed. She had gotten out of work early, and had a feeling that I wasn't in a very happy mood. Man, was she ever right. She's a true angel.
I can't hear the TV super well at this volume, but one click louder might wake up my housemate.
"If all of the good things lasted forever, how would we be able to appreciate how good they are?"
Pro: Very empathetic, sympathetic nurse. Con: Married.
Fun Dip.
Any with Flo from Progressive. I always mute her whenever she's on.
This past baseball season, Edinson Vólquez threw a no-hitter. He had Tommy John surgery just two months later. This was the first time in MLB history where a pitcher experienced both happenings in the same season.
My now-wife was crying 6 years ago and, not wanting her to have to cry alone, I cried with her. I laid her on my chest and held her in my arms for 5 minutes, crying with her as she cried her poor heart out. When she was through, I wiped the tears away. She looked into my eyes for over a minute, and that was the first time she ever told me that she loved me. I said I loved her, too, and we cried again, but with tears of happiness.
I know there are countries where you could actually be killed for your opinions, and my right to speak my mind is something I take for granted. I absolutely stand by the statement "I disapprove of what you say, but I will defend to the death your right to say it."
RIP Tony, in the video and in the band.
I just couldn't get into Mad Men. I understand why it was popular, though.
Jpegs to Helen Keller.
Cough on the street corner in Milwaukee (where I live) and Chicago (not far).
Being sober.
I'm not really into thrash metal, but damn. Slayer's "Raining Blood" is *wicked*.
How long until she returns as a Zombie?
At last, something this Wisconsinite can appreciate about Illinois!
Milwaukee. Put the kids to bed, make my lunch, cuddle the wife.
Accounting errors.
Username checks out.
I once orgasmed to "Mmmbop."
The carpeting. It's decades old, but it's good!
Bad Company.
A smallpox vaccine.
* Chick-Fil-A. * Shake Shack. * Culver's.
I used to insist that chocolate milk was disgusting. I finally tried it at age ten and loved it.
On the piano.
Comment on people's well-behaved children. It makes them think they're doing a good job raising them.
Salt and vinegar chips.
Fifteen years ago wasn't the 90s.
Told me that men aren't discriminated against/treated unequally in nursing.
How they think they have the right to hit men and cry violence when the men hit back.
The 2015 NFC Championship game. Yes, I'm a Packers fan. No, I'm not over it.
The chicken crossed the road to get to the other side. Think about it--it's actually a suicide joke.
Gary Coleman.
Daniel Stern as Marv.
Rock You Like A Hurricane.
"And neither are all men."
I do protest them, and I try my hardest to make as many people aware of them as possible through social network, phone/text, editorials/blogs, and real-world activism!
The Sorcerer's Apprentice.
Garlic powder to popcorn.
I clean my ears with Q-Tips.
George Lopez.
Just walk around an explore. You never know what or who you'll run into--I ran into Bill Russell at McCarran (Las Vegas) in 2010!
Jacking off at work.
Look out for number one.
I'm quite a fan of "The Sun Also Rises."
"I wasn't really sick; actually, I--"
Women (who have never had to register for the draft) have no right to get on men who dare to not allow themselves to be disposable.
He wasn't required to serve; he was required to go and risk his life under threat of imprisonment because he's viewed as a disposable citizen.
Post had these treats called Country Squares before Kellogg's came in with their own. Their name: Pop-Tarts.
Used *my* dishwasher.
Playing bloody knuckles.
A zebra because that would just be way too adorable.
I ate the last doughnut one morning and, after getting up, my wife said that she had wanted it. She said she was joking, but I felt so bad that I cried. She insisted that it was totally fine, but I drove to the store anyway just to buy her one.
The one of Randy Johnson killing that dove, of course! https://imgur.com/gallery/bae8I4M
See username.
Comforting my crying cousin at a funeral 15 years ago.
Waiting for "Game Of Thrones."
I love a good cosmopolitan.
Not forward a chain e-mail in 2007.
Hunter Pence was a total asshole to me when I greeted him at Costco.
[Smiler](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AfeIM-L5x-Y) - Heavy Stereo.
What shape is the earth?
Casablanca.
My wife.
I used to act more careful around kids, but I don't anymore. Women can think I'm a pedophile if they want, but I'm not one!
*alleged pedophile. Horrible man, but it's only alleged.
I speed on most days.
"Reservoir Dogs" with "Stuck In the Middle With You."
Sent the text "Ready for a steamy night? This guy is ;)" not to my wife, but to my pastor!
Whenever I have a bad day, I play "Listen To the Music" by the Doobie Brothers!
Put on an aromatic, calming mask.
In Illinois, driving.
Junior year, I had a 5-person group project. I was the only one who did not bring pizza to our leadoff meeting.
Skin-to-skin contact is very good for your children.
I made friends with a couple while standing outside of Noel Gallagher's tour bus with my brothers in 2015. I later stood up in their wedding.
The chicken crossed the road to get to the other side. It's a suicide joke.
I wanted to be a game show host, a waiter, and a comedian.
Charles Manson. Guess I'm a widower now...
On the Waterfront. So damn much of the movie was spent focusing on Marlon Brando whining about losing his boxing career, which was his own fault.
Parks and Recreation.
"I've sent boys younger than you to the gas chamber. Not because I wanted to, but because I felt I owed it to them."
Horses Just Want To Have Fun.
Dinosaur Land (Super Mario).
Fuck You - Lily Allen.
Coffee.
Pandora.
Ride Of the Valkyries.
My friend's brother, with whom I was also very close, hung himself. That devastated me.
For some reason, I just think it's so hot when my wife faces me, points her head to the ground, and looks up at me with only her eyes.
I cry with my wife so she won't have to alone. I hold her in my arms, and wipe her tears away.
A love.
To be able to cuddle perfectly. Fortunately, my wife's got that ;)
Live and Let Die.
Toyota: Now that's moving you forward, even when you hit the brakes.
Being profiled because you're a man who's near some number of children.
Mein Kraft.
The Simpsons Movie.
That 94 men are going to kill themselves today.
Upvote on everything except for Radiohead. Personally, I'd also include The Dandy Warhols' "Come On Down," but nice list overall!
What did it say?
Hello, my name is Ravi. How may I assist you today?
I am thine führer, and I have a dream!
Changing a diaper.
Chelsea Girls. It's an Andy Warhol movie that followed the lives of groupies at the Chelsea Hotel in New York.
I like Bury It. And Leave A Trace.
Pink Floyd.
You want to know how we make lobster bisque? Sure! NO SOUP FOR YOU!
"Gentlemen and ladies, we proudly present to you, 'Coming In America!'"
They’re babies...
Glad to hear this! Keep it up!
Hitler started Germany's national healthcare system.
"They got money for wars, but can't feed the poor."
"Coming to you soon: O Sister, Where Art Thou?"
We never had a probe for Fast and Furious, so I call BS on this statement.
Just the sight of my wife, even if it's from a distance. She has a magical kind of effect on me.
Lack of seriousness about violence against/rape of men and boys. Sometimes, I feel like /r/mensrights and I are the only ones who care.
I will never drink milk that has a drop of fat in it.
A single bead of sweat running down your forehead.
Detroit.
"What's the best band of all time?"
I had sex with a total stranger in a Chicago alley after I heard her say she was going to masturbate because she was so horny.
It goes on.
I seem to have a knack for predicting songs shortly before they play on the radio.
Saving as many people from dying as you can in one day.
Eating the bread that's got only ten more calories than a similar, different brand. If you do that every day, that's an extra 3,650 calories in a year.
"That 12-year-old chick is CUTE!"
Roses are red, here's something new. Violets are violet, not fucking blue!
THE BREWERS SHOULD BE NEAR THE TOP OF THE POWER RANKINGS!!!!
I was there in 2014. One of the scariest things I've ever seen.
Using turn signals.
That I became a nurse after a teacher told me that was a women's profession!
Seeing the one you love cry.
I feel like I would have enjoyed Drake &amp; Josh if I had had that instead of Kenan &amp; Kel.
Lack of focus on the men and the boys. Examples: Draft registration, without which you're a felon who can go to prison for up to 7 years and be fined up to $250,000. Violence Against Women Act. Legality of male genital mutilation. Entire university buildings devoted to women. Ladies' night/Women-only gyms and ride-share services. Rhetoric like "Teach men to not rape." Women go to jail for 2/3 the time men do for committing the same crime. No scholarships for the men trying to get into nursing, education, HR, or social work. Custody bias. This one is huge. Men are the winners in just 16% of custody battles. Lifetime alimony still exists in some states. NOW is one group trying to prevent its repeal. The way Title IX is enforced, girls have to be allowed to play on boys' sports teams, but not the other way around.
Nuremburg, 1945.
Let's hope judges who regularly give female rapists the same sentences meet the same fate.
Ticket To Ride is my favorite. So damn catchy! Nowhere Man is also good. I'm also going to go with a less popular one: Oh Darling!
Well, in all fairness, girls are often kept out of school in Africa to assist with farm work.
A Snuggie.
Jackson Pollock throwing black paint at a canvas and calling it "art."
Kid: YOU FAILED! Other kid: So did your dad's condom!
Riding a bike without hands.
Target because they treat their workers well, have good quality products, and have gender-neutral toy aisles.
I don't put something down. I put it away.
I had a patient once who had named her daughter Latrina.
Yo momma is so dumb, she thinks Johnny Cash is a pay toilet!
This was not meant to coincide with the Trump-Kim summit, was it?
Bert: I would eat a sandwich if I had one! Ernie: Then I'll give you one!
And they just took 2 out of 3 from the Brewers...WORLD SERIES?!!
Um, no...that's not what I said at all.
When this happens, we should use the women’s out of spite.
A sandwich of some sort on whole grain bread, a piece of fruit, a tub of yogurt, and 1 or 2 (usually 2) Babybel cheeses.
I would have to think Abraham Lincoln. Maybe George Washington, Thomas Jefferson, or John F. Kennedy.
Breathe Right invented the myth that their product works.
I get to screw Miranda Priestly. I guess Meryl Streep is fairly attractive for a 60+-year-old...
"It's good, but it just doesn't pay the bills."
"Wait...I just invested this money in the stock market...how is it already gone? Is PayPal working?"
If 60% of men are innocent, why are only 1-2% of women convicted? I’m sorry, but I don’t think it’s only because of misandry in the court system. I think these numbers may be flawed.
The Black Dahlia murder.
When single, I would often platonically kiss my male friends on the lips as a sign of friendship.
I order smaller portions of food. NOTE: You're hungry based on what's in front of you. So, if you've got less food in front of you, you'll be less hungry.
"I'm an independent woman!" --Woman who wants a man to carry her purse/shopping bags, open and hold doors, pump gas, and put down the toilet seat.
People who choose to be idiots.
What if feminists were as disgusted by female rapists?
Undercooked fugu (pufferfish livers).
Are we telling all of these food puns just for the halibut?
"A woman must not wear men's clothing, nor a man wear women's clothing, for the LORD your God detests anyone who does this." --Deuteronomy, 22:5.
Okay, come on. Don't pork the bear.
Oasis in Chicago in 2005. It will forever be the best concert.
I’m a straight man, and I wear women’s scarves, makeup, fragrances, and accessories. Hell, I turned out fine, too!
You are exactly the reason why men’s rights activism is a thing.
[This](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0b9rOji_PWY) video of Yankee fans booing a cardboard cutout of Robinson Canó, not knowing that he was standing right behind it.
That Pluto was a planet.
My wife was crying the other night, and it had an effect on me. I guess I just don't want her to have to cry alone.
I was about to insert an IV, and my patient started telling me where her vein was. Like, I'm a *nurse*. Do *not* womansplain anatomy to me.
A yak so that I could just roam around in the mountains and feel really, really free.
Selective service.
She responds sweetly to a risky text.
Pay random compliments, especially to men.
Awesome--I made an addition. Let's keep this up!
I don't exactly see the men's right connection here...
Now, I didn’t say I love male feminists—I find them very sad, actually. However, they are still men, and we should support their rights to due process and their innocence until they are proven guilty.
I wonder how they’d feel about a women’s shelter.
But the Christian Science Monitor is okay. Got it.
She likes to walk around the house with one sock on and one sock off.
Don't have to wait until a roommate is done watching something loudly while trying to sleep.
When I was about 10, I got banned from an internet Monopoly lounge for using the name "jimjoneskoolaid."
How to ride a bike without hands. Like, what the actual fuck?
"Hi, and welcome to 'Let's Make An Ordeal!'"
Not really a gift, but a surprise. When I was about 23, I had 2 weeks where I was just really down. My then-girlfriend (now-wife), rented out the back room of a nice bar/nightclub, and invited our closest friends to surprise me. It was truly the nicest thing anyone's ever done for me.
A nighttime picnic by the marina in Milwaukee followed by a long, romantic walk through a wealthy neighborhood. At every street corner we came across, we looked each other in the eyes and said something we loved about each other. At the end of the walk, she asked me to marry her.
Give it all to the homeless in Milwaukee.
The Breakfast Club.
"I envy people who have never met you."
Dalí mustache.
I wouldn't. I think the men who actually *want* to be in their children's lives should come first.
Mr. Popper's Penguins.
Happy Gilmore fighting against Bob Barker.
California.
My dad because he empowered and inspired me in a society where boys aren't empowered.
I'm a nurse. I have no desire to be a doctor.
There was a Wink Martindale game show in the 90s called Debt, where winning contestants would get their bills paid off. I miss it because it actually helped people, it would be a huge success today, and it was a game show where you *wanted* to go home with nothing!
Not all men are fashion-inept.
Apparently, this is about Montgomery Clift.
Count: I'm mad! Cookie Monster: Why? Count: Common Core math is making it harder to count!
The UN be like, “We need to address the education gap in Turkey and Switzerland!”
I still love watching "Reservoir Dogs."
"So far, I have been to, I think fifty-...seven states?" --Barack Hussein Obama.
To lose my sense of smell. I feel like that would be the one to lose.
I ran into Bill Russell at Burger King the day after I ran into Sandy Koufax at Macy's.
Club isn't the best place to find a lover--
Going to Mars.
I still can't believe the upset...wow. Honestly, this is a sign of things to come this year.
James Harden has something to say about that!
Emergency concealer.
My ex.
Reservoir Dogs.
Walk slowly in front of me.
In Florida, there had to be a law enacted that said a kid could bite his or her Pop-Tart into the shape of a gun.
Seeing the one I love cry.
I love you, kids. Don't forget me.
Spencer Tracy's birthplace.
Not A Stereotype: My Struggle For Acceptance, Appreciation, and Understanding.
Not A Stereotype: My Struggle For Acceptance, Appreciation, and Understanding.
Brewers: Game 7 this year.
I saw the Phillies at Miller Park in Ryan Howard's final season. He swung at an absolutely ridiculous pitch and, without a second thought, I yelled, "THAT PITCH MUST BE YOUR ACHILLES HEEL!" I kind of felt like a jerk, but it was too good to pass up.
Seurat would be proud.
And she says “My body, my choice” lmao.
Can we do this with nurses at hospitals?
Congratulations!
The door opening and knowing it's your SO.
Fred Rogers.
When it's over.
Beverly Cleary.
Schindler's List made me sob like a baby.
I just wanted to say that anyone here can message me if they ever need to talk about anything.
Why aren't you a doctor?
The "George Lopez" where they put a fat suit on Ernie and portrayed him as morbidly obese.
Peanut butter.
It's nothing new; the exposure is.
This has to be satire.
“Women” like her are exactly why our movements exists.
I don’t exactly see the “Why would Ford lie?” connection with that Fox News screenshot...
Why is that transphobic? Why not misandrist?
You can literally be anyone and be accepted here. We’re one of the most welcoming subreddits out there.
I have the absolute best taste in music.
Never smiles; secludes themselves at gatherings.
The [quadrangularis reversum](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_instruments_by_Harry_Partch#Quadrangularis_Reversum), a percussion instrument built by American composer Harry Partsch. It's so different.
You're almost as good as your mother!
1. Baker Mayfield. 2. Jeff Garcia. 3. Johnny Manziel. 4. Brady Quinn. 5. Ken Dorsey.
The Big Lebowski. Once while normal, and once while on drugs.
The number pad on a computer.
I just want everyone to know that they can always message me if they need anything.
He's pretty awful. I'll say worst after he puts members of an entire group into camps.
I always liked him. Great man on and off the field.
Any because we always talk about protecting animals more than we do humans.
When I read about FDR's internment of Japanese-Americans and [scores of other things that he did](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Criticism_of_Franklin_D._Roosevelt#Anti-lynching_legislation).
I once lost a fight against a dust bunny. I once accidentally knocked down Robinson Canó at the airport. I hit on my brother at his own bachelor party.
I once walked in on my wife doing a Tae-Bo workout naked.
She should be arrested on multiple counts of aiding and abetting a fugitive.
The one about respecting men and the one about saying a strong man has an attitude are priceless. Ohhh boy, I can not WAIT to post this one to Facebook!
Royals and Blue Jays had a lotta bandwagoners...
Regular Excedrin is the same thing as Excedrin Plus, except the price tag. So that.
Eating the same things you currently eat, but in smaller portions.
Cutting off my former friend. Very liberating.
Hold on--I had a lot of coffee and chili dogs for lunch.
I'd sacrifice Thom Yorke for John Lennon.
I "like" or otherwise react to the last text.
A tie between Five Guys and Shake Shack. Both have high prices and small portions with the quality not even being that great.
Not going to lie. At first, I thought the lyric was, "Sometimes, I wish a mother bear will find me."
I can’t do any of those things, and I have no desire to...and I’m NOT shaving!
When we see these, we should just take up more than one space.
And these women wonder why we need men’s rights...
They misspelled “raping.”
Ohhh, I see. Lol, I’m dumb.
I wish my hospital would do this with nurses. There’s 50 there, including 3 men, 1/3 of whom are me 🙄
Don’t leave us in the dark! What was it?
I weep for these poor, innocent, female victims 🙄
I mean, it does make sense. Like, would it be more logical to empty a gun? Or to shoot it at a bulletproof vest?
“That’s the issue right there. It’s more important for you to tell people like me who point out the misandrists in your movement that they aren’t real feminists than it is for you to tell them that they’re not being real feminists.”
Just reverse its intent—#IfTheWorldHadNoMen... The interstate highway system would not have been built. The Nazis would not have been defeated. Most countries, if not all, would not have won their independence. Things like that!
Blink brand security cameras are great.
Misogyny? Lmao.
I’m not sure I understand...
I’m not. Explain?
Toxic masculinity again.
Oh I see. But I still don’t understand how that describes female rapists.
Ohhh, I see. Thank you.
My steak.
Crying. When my wife cries, it shows me that she trust me with her feelings and thinks I'm caring/there for her. I like being thought of that way.
That’s a good thing!
I had £200 on it going the other way.
Do you guys miss the Montreal Expos?
* Man in nursing. Nuff said. * Profiled while around children, including my own. * Told that my masculinity is toxic. * Academic bias. * Put down for liking shopping and fashion. * Put down for drinking cosmopolitans and liking pink. * Had female professors tell me I shouldn’t be a nurse because I’m a man. * Profiled in department stores because I’m a man.
In the sand by the dead bodies.
So sweet. Men are incredible!
Link, please.
I didn’t think Kieran was blaming sexism at all...
“Jeff, will you marry me?”
Extremely Loud and Incredibly Close.
I am well! How are you?
Feminists demand it become coed in 3...2...1...
/r/mramemes
I mean, it’s not surprising. People accept women sexually experimenting, but it’s stigmatized for men.
Male genital mutilation.
Drop it off at a ghost town in Utah or Wyoming.
Shooting a loudly barking dog.
I’m not really a country fan, but Luke Bryan has got an amazing voice.
Mad fer it!
Idiocracy.
Termites.
Nursing.
Social Security.
Paul McCartney.
“Fun” fact.
Star Wars. I mean, I liked it, but the obsession over it is a little much.
I love them. It feels like the whole world around me just disappears when it’s just me and my wife in each other’s arms.
Who was the President if the United States when William McKinley was assassinated?
Greek yogurt.
Say. His. Name. BRIAN BANKS.
A congressman.
Or Bob reading Chuck’s mind!
They’re the only former SSR to still call their intelligence service the KGB.
5th Avenue bars.
What’s your name and what do you do?
Adolf and Joseph.
And poof! Just like that, the Civil War never happened. Therefore, neither did slavery. Consequently, I owe no one a dime of reparations.
Diner.
“You can type pretty well for a man!”
“Cups” by Anna Kendrick and “Iberia” by Isaac Albéniz.
“Too soon” things. There was a comedian in the sixties who was gaining huge popularity for his impersonation of JFK, but his career ended after John was killed.
Social Security.
Dragon fruit Caprisun—something you think is going to be amazing but ends up being awful.
An autographed Calvin &amp; Hobbes.
Okay, they’re officially endorsing genocide by quoting Clementine Ford.
My scrubs are pink, and I play the flute to help put my daughter to sleep!
Better!
We were forced to in 3rd grade here lol.
Parodying another artist’s music. Weird Al doesn’t have to get permission, but he does out of respect anyway.
Delete your Twitter.
“It’s literally impossible for a woman to rape a man.”
Gender studies. All it really does is celebrate/lift up women at the expense of men.
My favorites are Special K, Vanilla Chex, and Reese’s Puffs.
Violence against men is not funny.
For one penny.
“I hope my sons grow up just like their dad, and are as caring to people as you’ve been to me.”
Battlefield Earth.
I love to shop. I hate spending money.
I generally think people who wear horizontal stripes and tight jeans are douchebag hipsters.
A nostril that won’t stop dripping.
Some protein bars have more saturated fat than greasy potato chips.
Because I need time for me right now!
Win Ben Stein’s Money. I fucking loved that show so much.
Fiona Apple’s cover is mystifying. So beautiful.
Ticket stubs. I have one from every sporting event, concert, et cetera I’ve ever been to.
I Will Always Love You. Better Man.
Never wants to do anything you want to do.
There are puzzles with a single piece missing.
Shout, “BECAUSE I AM!”
Right after the game is over and over you will not have any problems.
Life under capitalism.
I would say it’s more working the same hours.
Going to bed early.
It’s been “Lyla” by Oasis for the past 15 years.
Shouted to Siri to tell me Ryan Braun’s batting average when my phone was about 5 paces away.
Carry pepper spray.
“I wish Jeff wouldn’t marry Lorelei. She’s a bad influence.”
D’oh!
Warning: Attempts to harm my children will be met with physical harm.
Beets because they’re fucking disgusting.
Buy from Costco.
When I create a password and it tells me of a different restriction after each one I try.
No Matter What - Badfinger.
Smash 64.
Post facts in /r/politics and /r/conservative.
Wearing Crocs.
It’s got to be drowning.
Change the second letter.
So I can urinate.
A plastic fork print at a Chinese place.
Pleasing women is not your job.
Collect call for Mr. Bob Weottababyeetsaboy!
The Mario jingle, then the down pipe ditty when I’m lowered. Finally, the underground theme when I’m buried.
Friday I’m In Love - The Cure.
Talk about your exes.
An end to poverty at any level.
Wisconsin: pretty countryside, lots to do in the big cities, devoted sports fans. Worst things: Tony Evers, Bon Iver.
Strike up a conversation and tell us you’re interested.
I mean, lots of men would be released. It would great for fathers, since a lot can’t afford child support imposed by a judge who sees him as a bank account. These fathers have no way of obtaining money to catch up while behind bars, and it only continues to accrue. It would be a huge win for fathers if this system happened.
People who lick their fingers. It makes me cringe.
Reservoir Dogs.
I have a box of Land O Lakes butter with the Indian maiden on it. I believe I bought it at Target.
A full body massage and some masks/shaving supplies.
Yes, I’ve got that as well.
Their taste.
I’m white on planet Earth.
We built western civilization! Fuck!
Super Mario World. It looks so fun!
“If I believed in protection plans, neither of you two would be here!” —George Lopez.
Her point is invalid, as there is no such word as “ingle.”
YNTA. Misandry is so accepted in this day and age that it’s always forgotten to be a form of hatred. You did the right thing by essentially telling her not to be sexist.
Frozen 2.
A girl kept trying to dance with me at a nightclub, but I kept turning her down. She got really close, but I backed up quickly, threw my hand out, and shouted, “NO!” The bouncer noticed, and he said he’d throw *me* out of the nightclub if he saw me get aggressive with a girl again. The manager happened to be bar tending, though, so he threw the creepy girl out and fired the bouncer on the spot. It was some nice vindication!
My wife had a really rough day at work, and cried while talking about it. That made me cry, too.
A guy didn’t have enough money on his food stamp card to buy all of the groceries in his cart, so he started putting things back. I went ahead and paid for all of the stuff he couldn’t get. He and his kids were extremely grateful.
My kids and how much they mean to me.
I can say the alphabet backwards in under three seconds.
Good - Better Than Ezra Why Don’t You Get A Job? - The Offspring 1979 - The Smashing Pumpkins
Free.
ITT: People who oppose equality when it’s equality for men. Good petition, bud! I’ll definitely sign it!
An Oasis reunion.
Lady Astor told Winston Churchill, “If you were my husband, I’d poison your coffee. Winston said right back, “If you were my wife, I’d drink it.”
Sharknado.
Because the media stopped talking about it. They had other things to use for fearmongering instead.
By going up to them and making your vocal cords vibrate.
He was understanding of my social anxiety and offered me a spot in his office if I ever wanted to eat my lunch there. I took him up on it quite a bit.
[Franklin Roosevelt](https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Criticism_of_Franklin_D._Roosevelt) was, among other things, a staunch racist and wannabe dictator.
Weezer.
That there’s a toothpaste that can cure it. Anyone who listens to Alex Jones needs to take a look inside themselves.
When they’re in class.
Gender studies.
What’s the best way to deal with racism?
&gt; “This could be the last time Trump uses any Jagger/ Richards songs on his campaigns,” the band’s rep said in a statement. May be the last time. I don’t know.
I’ve tried to like eggs, but I just can’t. I find them disgusting.
There are more creatures in your mouth than there are people on earth.
Paying a huge amount of money on top of your premiums just to use your insurance.
Waterworld.
Mosquitos.
Giraffes.
In front of their coworkers.
Good for him!
