Wahlberg is in it so it'll probably bomb.
I'm more impressed with how damn tanky that Ogre was.
En kollega till mig på Skanska nämnde att Göteborg kommer under 2018, och fram till Västlänken är färdig, att vara Europas mest bebyggda stad (dvs störst procentuella area under bebyggelse). Tack gud för att man flyttade utanför tullarna förra året.
Det roliga är ju att Nato inte har någon ambassadör som MW verkar tro.
Tidningarnas rubrik/ingress-sättning är det som 95% av alla läsare kommer se av artikeln. Där finns ett långt tyngre ansvar.
Like we say when abroad, always nice to come home to some Gothenburg Rape!
&gt; so saying they only play TPP shooting games isn't true. No one ever said this.
Ohh, think twice.
The drug tests by themselves are perfectly reasonable, but given the current administrations actions they are unacceptable.
It is not a right to enter any given country. This is exactly the kind of restrictions a nation exercises sovereign power to decide on. [People are denied entry daily across borders on far flimsier causes.](https://au.tv.yahoo.com/shows/border-security/) However with the Philippines draconian drug law and sketchy rule of law on the matter there's little valid reason why anyone should subject themselves willingly to drug testing.
Yes, operative word being "try", the implication is that nothing is 100% yet.
I really wanted Tarkov to be good but there's just too much micromanagement. Searching through drawers and rigs feels like homework.
Also, this OP is xenophobic.
If it was Battlefield 1 it would have waaaay more explosions and less lag.
I'd bother showing the holes in your argument if I thought you were rational. Stalking my posts across sub-reddits and hurling insults tells me you are not. Good luck in life.
Dead? There's tons of modes and servers available, never had much wait time.
I played Operations just the other day, it's pretty much the only mode I play. I have no idea what you're on about.
Beautiful that it's a Polygon interview to boot.
Then Tian should shit or get off the pot.
Liquidpedia is wrong. You could have taken 5 seconds to go on the Alliance official site to see that they have several teams more like Hearthstone and PUBG.
Take punishment. Hit timings. Kill enemy team. GG.
Isn't it kind of sad and pathetic to make an account just to whine about one team? Get a life.
It was just not isolated circumstances, the casters mentioned it several times too
He's Finnish, Koskenkorva is his only vice.
The only reporting saying anything about foreign deaths in the drug war is a (1) [Korean Business](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Philippine_Drug_War#Temporary_cessation_of_police_drug_operations) that lived in the Philippines. If there are any other sources claiming anything different I'd love to see them. If any other foreigners had been killed that would lead to massive diplomatic and International trade blowbacks, and it's not like it's something you can hide.
They wouldn't, hence the grievances put forth to Valve.
&gt; Franchising is trash on its own but killing non franchised regions is even worse Let's wait and see OWL performs. I dont' have my hopes up...
Not to mention that you have to download the entire package for every damn update. Which is complete bullshit since the updates always comes when you're out on the train or something like that where you're nowhere near wi-fi.
So what's the Black Lotus of PUBG?
&gt; Då kom det fram att hon i själva verket var 15... [Hallå! Topic säger "Berätta om din **sämsta** tinderdejt".](http://i0.kym-cdn.com/photos/images/original/001/107/354/b2d.png)
I HAVE THE FURY OF MY OWN MOMENTUM
Next month? Time to replace Valve time with Blizzard time.
&gt; I guess most of us Eu people don't really follow NFL Most NA isn't following NFL anymore either. Trump has declared it unamerican.
HS used to be a very good game, now it's just an RNG shit show with discovery/recruit/draw and similar instant-counters. Great for the casual crowd that has no problems throwing money at the game but absolute crap from a competitive perspective. A bunch of pros quit the game last year citing ladder grind and lack of attentiveness to feedback. I don't expect OWL to do any better.
You have a problem equating qualifiers with work for pros, but you have no problem comparing Optic/AP with Usain Bolt and qualifiers with the Olympics. I don't even know where to begin on that one.
YOU FUCKING NERD. YOU WILL NEVER MAKE SEX IN YOUR LIFE.
But did he hoverhand?
Whatever idea Universe has with this move I can't for the life of me understand the idea behind it.
That comparison has some problems, ACE is not a developer behind the game
Too bad the frost potion was never that good in game.
The site looks better than the shirts he's selling currently.
Sad to see Molnman and Olly go, from an outsider perspective it felt like the team had no mechanical or game sense issues to deal with but rather maybe some need of coaching and overall strats. While Scoom is definitely a beast they proved many times that the roster could deliver.
I considered EE a freak before it was cool.
I haven't really been following the scene since Christmas, just what is the EU vs NA talk on Miramar? &gt; The PUBG competitive scene was forged while the game was truly in a early-access environment. Amen. To get prickly at this point about map subtleties (which comes down to familiarity ie comfort zone) is to really shoot yourself in the foot. Which leads into... &gt;the management of PUBG's competitive side by BlueHole is a bigger issue. Amen x2. Or rather the lack of management. There's no authority providing guidance on what's what for the Esports side of the game. The result is everyone is bickering or making their own rules.
Diebacks from Sven and Beastmaster after they tried to finish the game in one push and got counter-pushed. Why would you be in a rush to end with an offensive buyback when you're that much ahead?
OP seems to have some entitlement complex regarding EG.
What's the going rate for those these days? I need to decide if I should go for the Russian hookers or the drugs but only budget for one.
&gt;Alliance Hmm.. I've heard about this team before. Did they play in G-1?
Argument? You seem to think this is some competition. You're not seeking feedback. You're seeking validation. Goodbye, you and this article has nothing to offer.
Armchair quarterbacks will tell you it has to do with Phillipines drug laws and that obviously they do a lot of drugs. Those people are of course just running their mouths. The truth is that no one knows.
He's mainly a coach. A role he has "backed up" many times over. Of course you can pretend he's an active player and drag out some old tweet that made you salty. Only shows you're still butthurt.
The bracket is super dumb. I wonder how Pain feels about having to play OG again.
More than a decade in between there
This is the 3rd message in a row where your opinion is presented as fact. There is absolutely no logic at all supporting the notion that spread wouldn't matter at short ranges. You have a bigger target yes, and one that also requires more sideway movement. Since you're also exposing your position the target can just turn around and HS you if all you're trying to do is fling bullets. Again it comes back to the difference between data and preference. I'm not knocking your choice, but you've learned to work around the shortcomings of the Tommy gun, it's your experience here that matters, not the gun.
I was only watching when the Bulldog stream was up, what were the issues with the official stream?
What everyone wants is Battlefield: Battle Royale.
&gt; Playing as the French one time You pretty much got the trophy there.
As I've mentioned here (and I know you've read it since you made separate replies for everyone of my posts) there's definitely room for personal preference, but when you're pushing "my experience" as something universal people have given into their self-centeredness.
This group stage badly needs a Bulldog stream.
Från artikeln: " time to stand up to a bullying Beijing". Alltså vi må vinna meme-kriget, men om man tror att vi kan göra något åt Kinas aktioner på egen mark, när landet ej ens erkänner dubbelt medborgarskap, då har jag lite fin fin Norrländsk myr-mark att sälja er.
You seem confused. First he's not taking anything that ESL is providing, just the raw in-client stream. Second Valve has previously clarified their ruleset on streaming tournaments and Bulldog is fully compliant.
BUY THE DIP
What kind of mother would name their kid Ulrich? And if you feel offended by that statement, send your hate to my email account adolf.ghey@rocketmail.com
EG and the Rosh pit. Name a more classic combo.
So how many movies about making movies are nominated this year?
There's a live stream on Youtube's gamign portal as well for those that don't want to go Zuckerberg.
He was tired of people talking shit to him at LAN.
The entire war was made possible by the Molotov-Ribbentrop pact.
&gt; Anyone with half a brain should have tried to shut that down when it was easy. Damn the consequences Do tell how this would have been "shut down easy".
And that's how Steven Avery goes behind bars.
Mycket konstig logik. Man får tag på mer kompetent personal genom att inte utkräva ansvar från dom? Kompetenta personer brukar just utmärka sig genom att ta stort ansvar för sina uppgifter.
&gt; Känns som det behövs ett nationellt säkerhetsråd Är detta ironi? Halva delen med Transportstyrelseskandalen är just att det Nationella säkerhetsrådet som skulle instiftats efter terrorattacken i Sthlm endast varit ett luftslott av regeringen.
This is Reddit, it changes daily.
No core died for Optic in game 5, so much space form ppd and 33.
I'm surprised that more organizers aren't asking Bulldog to be some alternative-talent for events. Streaming in his usually ways but flying banners and commercials for the event.
Well they are the best for sure *currently*, but when they are as big as they are it's difficult for alternatives to even dare dip their toes in the market. I remember a couple of years ago there was Azubu and another service available as well (that sponsored OG). They weren't **bad**, but they just werent' as good as Twitch and that was enough to send them packing.
AirAsia is yuuuuuuge, nice play for Mineski.
Inb4 "bo1 sux"
Found the Miramar matches very enjoyable so far. I like how there's still maneuvering up until the last minutes and not static positioning and hoping the circle falls your way.
No that is the claim of Elisabeth Åsbrink, she never managed to capture it on record however.
You have to remember that the pattern depicts **full attachments**. The M416 is not as good as the Scar when it's missing that extra shoulder pad.
Det var det löntagarefonderna skulle uppnå, och samma hot som fick IKEA att lämna Sverige.
Dude what are you smoking? All those tubes will add up to hundreds of tons.
Look at Escape gaming, a bunch of talent that he focused but ultimately maybe the best combinations although individually skilled. Players like Khezu and Yapzor got poached by bigger name teams.
For ti5 it actually looked like Team Empire with Silent, Reso and Yoky in the offlane had a good shot at the title, coming in with 3 LAN titles the same year.
Wow, what a mix. I do hope they find success however so that more teams dare go international. How do they communicate though?
[EXTERMINATUS](http://gifimage.net/wp-content/uploads/2017/07/exterminatus-gif-1.gif)
Winter? It's spring soon!
Reading the news you'd be confused as to who actually won the election if you just woke up from a coma.
As much as I dislike Trump you can't pay me enough to make me read HuffPo pieces.
Det är "knappast osannolikt" att Özz släktingar gjort privata överföringar till terroristen för ett hus han delvis äger (och därmed har ett juridiskt ansvar för den byggnation som utförs) men inte sagt något om det till honom? Cool story bro.
Ja man kan ju låtsas att den kombinationen inte relaterar till nazistisk härkomst men enkel historisk dokumentation kommer svika dig där.
You'd think everyone would see the sarcasm with those exclamation marks.
I must have missed this. Why MH on Invoker? It feels like a hero that has to keep mobile at all times.
Imagine this team placing #2 at Ti.
The only people still talking about RNG in BR games are the Twitch Fortenite trolls.
No one has been talking about qualifiers except you. If you can't drop this narrow constraint that you try to redefine everyone else's words around, then I can offer you no more help.
Dreamhack is one of the best organizers on the scene. They've consistently improved on their production events by listening to community feedback.
I'll bite, what's the drama I've been missing here? Shroud?
REMEMBER it's a China year. The prophecy will not bend for the mere mortals of VP.
He's at his best on panel for sure. He has improved a lot as a co-caster however, the thing about his flames is that he's one of few in the position that can believably flame other players because of his achievements. Not even Synderen (who I consider to be the best analyst on the scene) can say the same.
First game.
Am I the only one reacting to the fact that Bruno is now the overlord of all things Dota? I know he was high up but this is a straight up direct communion. They grow up so fast...
The current line up of CoL looks... disjointed to say the least.
On paper they certainly look good, but so did FATA's team before Secret and they were hot garbage. Just slapping a bunch of individually talented players together is no guaranteed recipe for success. Want another example? Look at EG.
♪♫♬ It's the most wonderful time of the year ♪♫♬
From the bottom of my heart, and as deeply I could possibly stress it, I must utter what is on everyone's minds at this moment in history: NA DOTA LUL
As much as a fuck up last night's series was for Alliance I really can't see any other team being a major threat to them this time around.
30s on liquipedia.net will revealed you're making stuff up.
LeftOne, Team Moriarity
This is the kind of high-value analysis I come to Leddit for.
I really want FTD and Serenity to win this in order for us to see some new Chinese talent on the international scene.
♪♫♬ It's the most wonderful time of the year ♪♫♬
This comment aged well.
Jakiro will always be useful at all stages of the game regardless of farm. An underfarmed DP has nothing to contribute.
If you're smashing your opponent at 17 min you mind of already know you'll win at 10.
How is it even possible to run a 4 color deck to 5 wins?
Centaur is however a good lane counter to PA so for this reason he remains viable.
Well "nothing" was an exaggeration but this is nowhere near enough, while this might help with the disjoint timing the mechanic itself is completely intact. At least with Shadow Pact you can at all times see where Slark is moving.
How are Axe and LC "Hard Removal"? Coup de grace is hard removal.
&gt; Daily reminder that Valve has said that they are not going to rework cards so good luck with that I guess. [False.](https://www.gameinformer.com/b/features/archive/2018/03/10/artifacts-richard-garfield-skaff-elias-and-valve-on-balancing-community-and-tournaments.aspx) "RG: It’s worth noting there that we will nerf and buff cards at an absolute minimum. We probably would never buff a card. "
The definition of *Hard removal* is that it will remove a card from the board **unconditionally**. This is not the case for Axe/Lc.
Early Access? Oglodi please! Artifact at launch already has more features than HS after 4 years. Yes there are a definitely more stuff that can be added, yes it has a $20 pricetag. However would you rather have waited another couple of months to have these things added or play the game in its current state?
There's definitely instances where stalling is a viable strat.
Yes? &gt;Artifact at launch already has more features than HS after 4 years.
Can't wait for the Bulldog, Grant and GD rejects hub cast.
My point exactly, teams dropping off and risking DPC points, money and their sponsorships to defend Kuku? I don't see that happening.
I'm not sure what "other information you got about China" is referring to. I have personally seen very little info about Chinese Dota in general, which really is a pity because things such as Dota are the type of stuff that can bring cultures closer to each other. As you say, language is the real wall, and having something in common is a great way for two opposites to come together
ITT people with no understanding of business saying Valve should cancel a multi-million dollar commitment set in less than 2 months. While simultaneously thinking that would not affect their integrity in the eyes of their business partners.
Because teams were dropping, not before.
Greetings Professor Falken.
Datamining? I don't see how that's applicable. Rather, datamining doesn't do what you think it does.
Either way you have people on the other team being given an unfair game, so no I'd say the situation is very similar.
Does this movie really need a script?
Visst är det så, men jag tänker på helheten, jämför med hur det sett ut i tidigare år. Den största underlättnaden kommer från att man själv trycker ut en seed 2 för att man själv tagit platsen.
I never asked if you voted Obama either. The point is that it's neither here nor there what he did.
Lägg till att flera ägare sålde för bara några veckor sedan. Undrar om detta kommer gå obemärkt förbi finansinspektionen.
*Let us all respect valve’s decision and end this drama , spread love not hate ❤️*
Let us all respect valve’s decision and end this drama , spread love not hate ❤️
You seem confused. I compared the Riot/Blizzards with Valve's. What people on here are asking for is something else that is not currently existing.
HotD is completely legit on Techies... In Artifact.
I think we need to chill and see what's in store the 14th. If nothing comes at that time THEN I think it's justified to start worrying.
On the *Deluxe edition*. For *returning* players. I'm up for bashing EA any day but this is just a karma farming OP.
Med tanke på Edwards kroppshydda så kanske han inte är den främste förespråkaren för ett sunt leverne.
&gt;u might be blinded by ur own political affiliation. &gt;*goes on to describe other as "populist fuckheads"* The irony.
Detta är uppenbarligen ett försök att få C+L att bekänna färg. Antingen så håller sig C+L till det budskap de gett under valrörelsen och som minst lägger ned sin röst. Eller så röstar de ned förslaget och framstår som kappvändare och är sannolikt inne på sin sista mandatperiod i riksdagen (åtminstone för L).
Argumentum ad populum. That's a fallacy. Not evidence.
I think that's a bit over analyzation, rather I suspect Spielberg just wanted to make a cool scene with body parts spraying everywhere.
I thought this move was the best shit around when I was younger, these days I can't watch it because it infuriates me when the villains though superior in numbers and material just fight in that Hollywood way that's completely contradictory to well-established combined arms tactics.
Getting blue here.
No you can play it rambo if you want. There's no fail state for going crazy. In fact I'd say it's more fun to just run wild.
You mean like Stalins genocides/atrocities in Poland, Bulgaria, Romania or Manchuria during WW2? Take your pick.
Here's what you're saying: Some were not nazis but they all pretty much were. Not everyone was a killer but they really were. There was nuance but there really was none. &amp;nbsp; Even the most stringent Clean Wehrmacht detractors (ie the "academic circles" you cite) wouldn't dare to make the claim that everyone's complicit. That's just you.
What name calling? About these "sources". Reddit threads? Are those the "Academic circles" you are referring to? You know that anyone can call themselves a historian? Now even if we were to accept these as legit (which discussion threads are not). They are not relevant to your repeated claim that all Wehrmacht soldiers were aware. I don't see how these topics are related at all? Did you just do a random search and picked the first semi-related hits not thinking I would check the sources? You are picking specific groups and extrapolating that on the whole ie generalizing an entire population. Quite ironic given the topic of nazis.
Do you have anything to offer but platitudes?
[Your "sources" does not align with what you claim.](https://www.reddit.com/r/Battlefield/comments/a3n4xp/bfv_gaming_media_praising_the_story_and_gameplay/eb8fqme/)
Which no one has claimed. You however implied the USSR/Stalin did not employ the same kind of warfare.
As you say, I don't think it's productive to get in the position where you have to say that X was worse than Y when you get up into these numbers. Both regimes were nightmares. One note though, Stalin was extremely suspicious of "subhumans" himself. Cossacks, jews, Magyars all went into the grinder.
Awards bought for with advertiser money.
https://www.reddit.com/r/Battlefield/comments/a3n4xp/bfv_gaming_media_praising_the_story_and_gameplay/
What game are you playing to be complaining about infantry? Bombers can roam freely with hardly a worry in BFV. Getting a fighter is not an option because they are camped so hard from the deploy screen.
Merely mentioning the fact is not transphobic. I bring it up to put his bias in context, "all things German in WW2 are **BAD** to depict". Of course his bias does not necessarily need to steem from his sexual identity but because he's so brazen about disregarding the (in his own word) great game play and atmosphere in favor of politics he opens himself up for having his agenda and motives questioned.
Huh? Most of them just use ELO...
I have no idea who "us" and "leftists" are supposed to be?
Your question is fallacious as it assumes all german soldiers are guilty.
Yes, a threat to your life is "not under any significant duress". This very thread, where you've posted false information and later edited is testament to the very opposite. That you keep whistling the same tune tells me I'm not dealing with someone rational.
I hear full and well that you are trying to wave away the risk of execution as an anomaly (after pretending that it didn't exist to begin with). I do not need to meet anything additionally since you are hinging your entire argument on the falsehood that there was no risk in refusing conscription and/or orders.
&gt; Alexander is a she. And more importantly, why do you refuse to use the correct pronouns when talking about the author? I have no clue how this person refers to him/her/itself. One could use your own logic and make the same argument that you are assuming gender and being transphobic by calling Heather a "she" when in fact he/she/it consider themselves asexual or third gender. I really didn't give it much thought because her gender had nothing to do with why the review is so lacking in integrity. &gt;Her problem isn't that the game is humanizing the German soldiers, but rather that it is painting over the awful things they did by intentionally omitting them from play. Heather doesn't agree with you. From the first line you quoted: *"But there’s a problem. It’s 2018 and I don’t need or particularly want media to humanize Nazis or their abettors.*" Did you even read that part? Claiming this is not Heather's problem sounds *weird*. &amp;nbsp; I really don't care about Heathers gender, it was a throw away line. In hindsight I should probably have left it out to not detract from the bigger picture, [which I elaborated on at the BF Reddit.](https://www.reddit.com/r/Battlefield/comments/a3n4xp/bfv_gaming_media_praising_the_story_and_gameplay/) Ultimately I detest the article because it gives the cover of being a review when in reality it's social commentary. It's even more deplorable that Heather lies about the characterization (in the text you quote) when the very intro sequences first few sentences specifically deals with the tank commanders complicity in the horrors of the Third Reich. At this point I actually think this is intentional neglect and smart marketing by the site, they knew this would be the reaction and generate clicks from misrepresenting the game. All the more fool am I for caring about them, still it makes them no less repulsive.
I'm still willing to give the next Elder Scrolls my support, I liked Skyrim and felt it still had enormous depth despite some streamlining (to be honest Oblivion really ticked me off for its scaling and story). Also, ES has always been their golden goose so I suspect they dare not tinker with it too much.
The reviews are overall positive, what I think the negative reviews miss is that yes JC4 has always been a mess with regards to story and characterization. You have to love the sand box to play it. Just doing stupid shit and blowing stuff up, testing the limits of the awesome physics engine.
How long has the MTG community waited for a Ranked ladder?
I'm a little surprised to see no mention of The Oath seeing what a game closer it has become, especially in conjunction with Sorla (assault ladders) that you've rated higher.
&gt;That so many here are "calling out" AskHistorians This is a straw man, I already explained that I was poking fun at the other poster. &gt; Furthermore, the topics linked are very relevant to the discussion here: clean Wehrmacht and how Germans were not oblivious to the Holocaust Which is further straw manning. This was my original post *"The idea of Clean wehrmacht (myth) is as silly as the one that every soldier in the Wehrmacht was a mindless nazi death machine. The forces that fought numbered in the millions, to not acknowledge nuance is straight up ignorance or revisionism."* The guy I replied to went far beyond this to say that ALL germans was fully aware and complicit in the Holocaust.
&gt; How does this compare to the reasons bill Clinton was brought up for impeachment? Bill perjured himself for lying about his relationship with Monica Lewinsky, something that was completely unrelated to the original suit from Paula Jones and that was later dismissed. While reprehensible this act had no relation to his ability to govern, which ultimately is the question facing Trump.
While I'm convinced BFV sales are disappointing, game stores have stopped being a good indication of sales for a long time.
The BF1 trailer alone sold an additional 100k copies. Probably one of the best sound designed reveal trailers ever.
&gt; Who cares about concurrent player counts when you want to have an idea if the game is flopping? Game that sells a million copies but has no people playing it after a month. Game that sells 500k copies and retains 300k playing it after a month. Which one is more successful? The issue is we don't know the number of concurrent players.
They implemented that? Must have missed the change log. Crouch button?
It's official, Panzerfausts are better AA than AA in BFV.
Their motto was "Don't be evil" and the best and brightest ran to them believing in it. How the fuck did they think it would go when they didn't hold up to the image they portrayed of themselves?
But the daily quests is what keeps people coming back to HS.
That is obviously subjective. I fully agree it's low value. That doesn't stop it from being a good business method to get people to keep playing.
Those are investments, not expenses.
So everyone watching this, would you've rather have had The Summit?
It is likely because he is among the ignorant somehow perceived as left because the USSR was "communist". Also, the winners write the history.
The game is 15 years old and was a pioneer in a lot of conventions. Compared to many of today's titles it is naturally nowhere as refined. One area where it DOES hold up however was the story, while the graphics are cartoony and cutesy the story itself was actually quite dark without ever becoming sappy about it.
You just need to discover them.
While I don't disagree I'd argue that there will be way more situations where you'll play Bonemare however, unlike BG which needs some set up.
Jag skulle helt klart undra varför SÄPO inte stoppat mig på hela vägen fram hit?
I'm starting to think that Bulldog and Kyle are becoming a group package for LANs.
Warlock certainly got shafted this expansion. All their good decks are 2 metas old.
A fraction of a second in cast time is "quite a bit"?
There are people with 30k Märklin train collections out there. It was a long time ago that Video games transcended their medium and became a hobby of their own.
I must have misunderstood your point then. What is even your point? Do you have one? Or do you just want to repeat platitudes like "reap the whirlwind" because they sounded good when you heard them the first time? I am comparing the two air forces numbers, showing how the RAF suffered more losses per sortie as a part of the bombing campaign. Was there losses over North Africa and the far east as well? Certainly! But again, the only relevant metric is to see where the majorities of the sorties are flown and where the losses were taken, which will be with all indicators over mainland Europe. If you believe this is irrelevant I recommend The Bombing War by Richard Overy who gives great detail on how the most successful bombing raids were almost solely carried out by precision bombers (Mosquitos, Blenheims) versus industrial targets. Of the entire UK armed forces budget 40% was swallowed by bomber command where terror bombing was the biggest beneficiary by far. I know you have trouble meeting actual arguments and instead resorting to brigading and name calling, but I have yet to see you or anyone else of your pearl clutching club point out where I have made any indication in favor of Nazi Germany? Being opposed to Allied atrocities does not make me favor Nazi atrocities.The Blitz was just as distasteful and ineffective in breaking Britain as the terror bombing was on Germany.
Du bekymras inte alls av att era kulor kommer att gnida mot varandra och det ökar din chans att bli gay med 7.3%?
Som Ove säger: [I beg to differ.](https://www.biltema.se/bygg/flaktar/varmeflaktar/varmeflakt-2000-w230-v-2000034997)
Many were on the other hand killed as a result of "mandatory offensives" ie attacks ordered by the Kremlin regardless of how dire the circumstances. This was especially prevalent during Barbarossa and the final Battle for Berlin. Obviously this is not anywhere near what the guy you replied to is saying but it shows just how the USSR wasn't above throwing away human lives in order for men behind desks to make themselves feel better.
Triple S&amp;Y on carries incoming.
I have no idea what penal units have anything to do with what I posted, or how there's a "wrong point"? Do you know what a Mandatory Offense entails within the context mentioned?
My point is that He could have gotten it for less. First days it was something like $250, given the dwindling number of active players logic would say it's even cheaper now but I haven't checked since then.
GET IN THE HAPPENING BUNKER.
I always thought ASAC Schrader looked a bit like Ogre Magi (the one on the right).
So you get like a free gram cannabis sample when you buy a clay pot, and an ounce when you buy a fancy marble pot?
This is repeated as often as Amen in church: 1) You can't be pardoned for a state crime. 2) The second you're pardoned you void the 5th amendment and will be forced to sing like a canary on any other indictment (as in the ones above). 3) The second Trump leaves office it's open season on him.
&gt; If they don't have a valid reason to keep her in solitary, then that's absolutely fucked up bullshit. It says right there in the article, for her safety. Whether she thinks or likes that is irrelevant.
Do tell me what insider information you are privy to that elaborates on her charges, crimes and affiliations that make you eligible to judge what her safety situation is. Why does someone "right" even want to defend a person pleading guilty to be a spy, that has conspired against your homeland?
Your entire argument hinges on how she's being "tortured" while you have failed to show how you are uniquely able to judge what her safety situation is that predicates solitary confinement. So either you have some information that is not available to the public or you are just making things.
Ah, makes sense. Thanks for the input. I was headhunted by McKinsey for a junior position many years ago but I declined because of the grind.
You seem confused as to how the penal system works in the US. A prison warden or supervisor will make the decision on what level of segregation a prisoner will face. Obviously they have the best idea of what her situation is. Now you might say that the US penal system is "twisted and perverted". Then I however expect you to voice the same outcry for charged murderers and rapists "who knows their own situation best", and not just cherry pick cases based on your personal agenda and related politics.
Who said anything about her isolation being part of a conspiracy? That's just you trying to throw shade on the decision to have her isolated, ie wild speculation that you can't substansiate. The only conspiracy I see here are your theories on the "left" somehow being behind this.
You keep saying that but offer nothing to support it. Heard you the first half dozen times. Just repeating it does not magically make it true. Get in touch with me the next pedo or murderer that's put in SHU but whose good heart you are convinced of. Or keep smoking the Deep state crack pot conspiracy theories. And for the record, I'm conservative. I don't know a REAL conservative in the western world that wouldn't want to see a Russian spy rot in jail.
What are you talking about?
That sounds unbelievably convoluted. Are Riot actively trying to obscure their gains from this?
Thank you, that was an enlightening read. The part about throwing millions and millions of dollars on r&amp;d for a game that's supposed to be the next big thing gives me Daikatana flashbacks.
They would build something that killed women and Democrats.
Feels like a win-more card. It only comes to usage when you already have an advantage.
I had the same thought, and I suspect PA will remain the far better game.
You seem very angry. In addition to missing the point entirely about TTD being far more important to skill differences than this TTD change. CSGO is head and shoulders above BFV in that regard.
"Intellectual dwarf" is a bit more refined.
&gt; The second is a brief on Germany military doctrine through modern history, and does not mention anything about executions. Section #4, sub-heading: "Military service in Nazi Germany (1933-1945)" The exact numbers I quoted above. Contrary to what you claim I don't see anything to support the notion that "those executed were almost always conscripted POWs". The text does indicate "many poles" but if we look at the breakdown of how many The People's court in Berlin sentenced to execution in one year alone (5000) it's apparent that the majority was German citizens. R.J. Rummel who likely was the world's foremost expert on murder by state [estimated that Nazi Germany killed 288000](https://www.hawaii.edu/powerkills/NAZIS.CHAP1.HTM) of its own citizen (not counting jews and homosexuals).
&gt; So then we agree. The Germans executed deserters or those who refused conscription, but those were largely captured soldiers, conscripted into the German army, or ethnic minorities the Germans were happy to make an example of. I don't see how you came to that conclusion. I just showed how a large part where Germans above. I can add that specific groups such as catholics and Jehovas witnesses are pointed out (frequent conscientious objectors) and quantified. These are all from the homeland. &gt;"A complete list of those sentenced to death for the charge of "disintegration of the military force" is not available. " Yes? There is no complete list of all the people murdered at Dachau either. I would never claim that it was anything but industrialized murder despite of that.
As I told the other guy, [according to Chris Roberts development began in 2011](https://web.archive.org/web/20170223011931/https://www.themittani.com/features/exclusive-interview-star-citizens-chris-roberts) and he was asking for funding well before 2013.
Did you read the article? Roberts said he was going to have an Alpha ready in 2013 so he obviously felt pretty well in gear.
And just the other day on this sub-reddit some rabid Trump drone was on me claiming how Butina's solitary confinement was coercion from democrats to get her to plead guilty to stuff she didn't do. I guess that Deep State got to her boyfriend as well.
Hoping this makes it to the pc, to me it's baffling how bad the self-confidence is on some devs that would rather sign exclusive platform deals rather than reap the revenue from multiple platforms.
Thumbup
LMGs are now better SMGs than SMGs. Oh joy. As if it wasn't frustrating enough losing in CQB vs a support with the old TTK. I can't play medic any more I tried to be the good guy but 9BTK feels like a cruel joke.
Ah... now I see the similarity between BFV and The Division.
En snabbtitt på din posthistorik visar att du beskriver dig själv som jurist. Då tror jag säkert att du är fullt medveten om att detta är en solklar jävsituation (t.ex. står programmets programmerare i beroendeställning till CMS och det är bara ett ex av flera). Så jag tror du främst du är den typen som ogillar företag som Bahnhof som konsekvent visar fingret till din yrkesgrupp.
Didn't the whole Q thing come down a week or so ago because he went full crackpot tinfoil hat and even the most bunkered MAGA went WTF?
&gt;Orkar inte söka upp någon källa. Bryr mig egentligen inte ifall ni tror mig eller inte Då ska man nog undvika att använda ord som "bekräftade". Det du beskriver låter mer som några artighetsord, inte något avtal eller något bindande. Knappast det jag skulle förlita mig på om helvetet brakar lös.
No I wasn't serious... Of course the Clinton's would never get their own hands dirty. They'd get Soros to do it.
*"Is that why the Russian gov has conducted 6 consular visits to Butina, passed 4 diplomatic notes to State about her case, and had Lavrov personally speak to Pompeo twice about her prosecution? (The official Kremlin Twitter account changed its avatar to a picture of her, too.)"* Natasha Bertrand @ The Atlantic
&gt; I'll see you all here in a week, when MSM has pivoted on Russian collusion to middle eastern collusion via George Nader. I've been hearing from your side how the "collusion" angle was discredited 2 years ago already? Why pivot if it isn't there?
Vad jag eller du "tror" är inget jag vill ha som försäkring i ett skarpt läge. Antingen är man med i en militär allians eller inte.
Inte heller Cuba, Venezuela, Kambodja, Mao Kina, Nordkorea, Östtyskland etc etc... Vi bör alla ignorera de faktiska appliceringarna av kommunism på statsnivå och istället fokusera på den idealiska kommunistiska drömstaten*! ! !*
DICE works for EA...
Om det gäller Ryssland och Östersjön så är det en självklarhet, men skulle t.ex. Turkiet åberopa artikel 5 göra det är det osannolikt att Svensk trupp skulle delta. [Vid det enda tillfället som artikel 5 åberopats så deltog 13 av 29 länder](https://www.nato.int/cps/en/natohq/topics_110496.htm#) efter samråd.
Du yrar. Det står helt och fullt i länken jag gav ovan **från NATOs egen hemsida** hur Artikel 5 nyttjades då det begav sig. Inget nämns om att det skulle handla om annat än "collective defence" eller att den ej nyttjades "på riktigt".
The Allies achieved this by simply having such an overwhelming amount of resources. Of the entire British War budget 40% went to Bomber Command which had lousy effectiveness, but achieved their goals through pure saturation. The most successful operations carried out by bombing were small-scale tactical sorties (mostly mosquitos, blenheims and swordfish) against industrial and military targets. In particular the raids on the Ploesti oilfields were not conducted before 1944 and had a bigger impact on the German warmachine by the resources invested by a VAST margin. So yes, Germany's economy was eventually broken but done so with an ineffective tool that cost the Allies tremendous resources and casualties. As an example, half of all the Lancasters built during WWII were lost.
Han blev utkastad för att han hade fått fnatt och skadat folk i publiken. Han får precis det han söker efter.
Better than True Sight Ti8.
Tror inte man ska förvänta sig en objektiv recension från ett fackförbund om en politiker som vill luckra upp deras makt.
It was doomed because Blizzard for the last 10 years has been completely dedicated to triangulate in order to capture as many players as possible. The result however is a product so watered down that you're not really pleasing anyone.
Only for people who puts an unhealthy attachment to winning in a computer game.
I post on this Subreddit and I don't put an unhealthy attachment to winning in a computer game.
Not at a wedding per se, but I had a girl I dated once send me some of her wedding pics on whatsapp out of the blue saying "this is what you're missing".
This guy eugenics.
Uhhhh, wouldn't you want them to produce a good game instead of closing them down?
Fixing the camera replay lag is a start for the Esport side. Right now it looks like all pros can't aim worth shit.
So why are you playing the game?
Am I the only one feeling this should have happened two metas ago?
[I said early that Valve would nerf cards and got jumped on for it.](https://www.reddit.com/r/Artifact/comments/a27x6l/psa_the_notion_that_valve_will_never_nerf_a_card/) Everyone, don't listen to big mouthed Reddit users who think they know better how to do business than Valve. They will be proven wrong.
Thank you Mr. Toad No wait...
You have been misinformed. You see, CherrySlurpee, they've done studies, and they found that in any system that relies on cooperation, from a school of fish or say even a professional hockey team for example, these experts have identified communication as the number one single key to success.
OP vet nog inte betydelsen av ordet "alkoholist".
Inb4 the allegations and firing was all a piece of performance art a la Joaquin Phoenix. Now I don't believe that myself but if it would turn out like that then this is the most amazing character acting we've seen.
/r/videos , I think we're forgetting something very important in all of this. Okay, sure, he touched some children, but the man is a great actor and he has entertained us for so many years. All this bad-mouthing and putting the man down. Maybe he did touch some children now and then, but come on! It's Kevin Spacey! Kevin Spacey! EDIT: [In case the reference wasn't obvious.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4YdFTlW6xbs)
See you tomorrow.
A VAST majority of Sweden is rural, with the traditions to match.
The trailer for this game and looking at someone streaming it is 2 different worlds. I suspect the devs want you to grind for 100s of hours before you're even near getting your own ship.
As someone who was disappointed with GoW I can't find any merit to the notion that the quantitative sum of women (as opposed to the quality of the scenes with women in them) had anything to do with it. What's worst though is that such an accusation/complaint is thrown out without any kind of supporting follow-up to it. As I mentioned I didn't like GoW and in the light of many considering it to be GOTY material I make damned sure my reasons are prepare, coherent and well-formulated to meet any continued discussion on such a topic. Saying one gender is short-changed in a game and then acting surprised and defensive when the reason behind this position is brought up is just ill-conceived.
Your math is off. Or just not making sense? This is over a 70 year time period when the USSR lasted. On the contrary it is a culling that explains today's low numbers.
While this is amusing it also badly highlights the issues with user generated content. Compare this to Reddit for example where people reference askhistorians as a real source when it has shown to be [usurped previously by active measures](https://careymartell.com/2018/06/reddits-ask-historians-perfect-example-flaws-user-generated-content/).
There's been years and millions of dollars put into investigating Benghazi that had come up with little more than neglect at most. Meanwhile the Mueller investigation are dropping foreign agents left and right but is a "witch hunt".
Where's the hockey rink?
You know what they call that in Holland?
Like Lodestone demolition it's one of those cards you never see coming and once you do it's like "fuck I lost".
Det är ett tämligen genomskinligt retoriskt knep att försöka bunta ihop anhängare av en världsregering med frihandel.
Given how the election turned out, can we really trust polling when it comes to Trump?
Definitely, it's very niche.
Vi har blivit bättre, vi har avskaffat elitklasserna!
The Dota buff forums are just filled with a bunch of sad wankers that will attack your play record the second you say something they don't like.
But accurate.
&gt; It has to be the closest to the source material adaptation ever created Watchmen
&gt; Mega Milk Legion [Drow is a fan.](https://66.media.tumblr.com/d2799f93b0c45cc1d06e1928dabb48b4/tumblr_n0z68awu2l1sqxafeo1_1280.jpg)
Aui was at ESL ONE???
Pelosi is no fool, she's delaying any impeachment until she can maximize its utility. The impeachment itself might not even be the real play, but some of the other indictments coming from the left field.
A pardon is only for guilty people. It might make Trump walk (for federal charges) but it will forever taint the GOPs ability to launch a similar candidate or rhetoric.
&gt; Please God, let me have this one Sting! FTFY
This has got to be staged. Why would anyone film there?
Bridge trolls just popped a stiffy.
&gt;There is no way to know the actual inner workings of this type of company except hearsay Which does not make hearsay any more reliable. I'm amazed at how prickly people are that they immediately call people "fanboys" and "appealing to authority" when I say something as harmless as taking rumors with a pinch of salt.
The TSA is the closest thing the US has to a Soviet style busy-work job program.
&gt; You keep using buzzwords like "fanboy" to try and play a victim role Anyone with the ability to scroll up in the thread can verify for themselves that it was you shooting out said "buzzword". Are you ok?
[Relevant Skyrim](https://pics.awwmemes.com/gamiology-you-there-step-forward-who-are-you-why-hadvar-56077651.png)
Fattar inget? Är jag för gammal?
Den är strålande!
Still a better story than S8.
People here are throwing around political grandstanding about Nazis and while in truth the largest contributor to the above graph was the Marshall Plan.
But... WHY?
Someone clip the end from Bulldogs cast. My butt was so clenched I could have squeezed out a diamond from a lump of coal.
Russellville, KY right there.
Kuroky said nothing when they killed his team brother FATA. He was evil all along. EDIT: It's a game of thrones reference.
Man skulle kunna tro att KD var ett regeringsparti så mycket som de attackeras just nu.
Trolololololol...
Ehome are OUT. &amp;#x200B; Sirius heavy favourites? They have NO achievements and their players weren't doing too hot on their old teams.
&gt; Matu can't really mid. L to the O to the L
No they need at the very least 450 DPC. Points.
I was expecting "Can't believe we fucked".
Yes on both accounts.
Russia is heading for economic ruin within 15 years the way things stand.
I highly doubt Alliance will shake up their rooster
&gt; I hope they slowly bankrupt Scientology I love your optimism. I suppose you are also a believer in a two-state solution in Gaza? And world peace.
What's night mode?
Sugar Daddies likes this.
We don't know if NoTail gave them no choice. If the others said "we have to change/shuffle" and NoTail refuses then he's equally to blame.
This kind of shit post I won't take sitting down.
It's not "anyone" there's a massive disinformation effort from Russia concerning Mh17.
What a mess... Absolute chaos!
How was this game in any way on s4? Both the casters and analysts were saying that Bat had a superhard game and there was nothing else in the draft in terms of reliable lockdown.
Way more hype in this series than the Major GF.
Remember when Epicenter was the biggest, best produced event of the year outside of Ti?
This is political suicide and will keep Trump elected for another term. Trump increased the budget defecit by 77% the 4 first months of 2019 alone and NOT A SINGLE CANDIDATE MENTIONED THIS. They are too busy taking away private health insurances from citizens.
Can I get some FLUKE TI spam please!
Yes obesity is one of the most common causes of heart failure. ^^^^I'm ^^^^going ^^^^to ^^^^hell ^^^^I ^^^^couldn't ^^^^resist.
Who is the Russian guest analyst?
This is a guy that have never played any team sport in his life. Or watched any single game of premier league/Serie A/LA liga.
Mattered? The fact that they are now both in the same spot is evidence that it did not matter.
I really miss the old DL. You had a full evenings entertainment with Dotes, commentary, some shenanigans, teams calling in and The button.
Why do you have to make it about women? You'd never say "our men are better than your men at football"?
&gt; The Mighty Eighth I saw Memphis Belle when I was a kid. Fucked me up.
Loyality to the party is its most prized virtue.
&gt;Warlock &gt;Fatal Bonds no longer bounces on Roshan Well thank god. I can't believe it took until 2019 and a pro-game wreck for this to become an issue.
Ukraine gets no respect.
&gt;we only have some crappy blog with Source 1 design lol. So design wasn't part of the point. Gotcha.
I main as offlane, but lately I've played some mid to prevent others from picking Injoker.
Red Sector Mega demo never forget.
That's a cosplay? It looks like a drawing.
Charming that Sidney blew double figure in millions on fireworks just a couple of days ago while the fires are going on.
The minute difference in gold gain has little to no impact on the game compared to the negativity of whining about kill stealing. When I hear things like what you're saying I suspect this person is someone that do not understand that this is a team game. That the social parts of the game has a far bigger impact than a few hundred gold going this way or that. If someone is there helping you with a kill &gt;Well Played! Try it sometime.
She claimed to be a gamer tired of women's representation in games. Then a video of her surfaced from early where she ridiculed gamers as nerds and saying that she doesn't play games. She's a profiteer without a code just riding the outrage machine.
You could go even further down the rabbit hole. Many universes makes differences between sorcerers and mages.
What president? You don't know where the servers are.
Who cares about this sub? Or Reddit at all? In what media was the discussion carried? I'm genuinely asking because I haven't seen any. I even went out and googled for it after reading this thread.
I suspect that most of those guys were just saying they were smurfs. I've seen a bit of that, thinking people will fall to their knees and read their minds on how they want the game to proceed.
&gt; Yes, but Twitch viewership correlates quite well with how popular the game is. No. Tons of channels are padded by bots. Tencent are especially notorious for this in China.
&gt; they're still horribly awful players that literally lose you teamfights because they can't stop initiating with the Tornado I vehemently believe Invoker players are less concerned with playing a team game as much as they want to pull off flashy combos to make clips of. They learn the Nado-meatball-emp as a muscle memory thing and then completely lack the game understanding or flex to pick the right spell for the situation.
Blizzard and Valve have far more legacy. Nowhere near comparable.
4chan? So Breivik's manifesto is on there?
Missed Messages is also an option.
Dude. It's the second most played game in the world.
I suspect that the people that like this game are the same that pay for cock and ball torture.
S4 has always been Carl in pubs.
The US didn't vote to enter WW2. Germany declared war on the US.
Read it instead of just linking. It was not the vote that caused this entry. as the resolution itself says a state of war already existed.
Yeah those look Artifical alright.
Why is it that always when there's mention of atrocities by China/Russia/SA/RandomDictator there's always some guy that has to go full whataboutism on the US?
Even if that was true it is completely irrelevant. That's the very definition of whataboutism. A disinformation tactic to distract attention.
&gt; The monarchy has no real political power. [Wrong.](https://www.theguardian.com/uk/2013/jan/14/secret-papers-royals-veto-bills)
No. The objective of disinformation is not to provide alternate information, but to confuse and cloud the issue.
&gt; you're assuming that in saying the US is doing something bad is somehow a defense of china Tell the guy that brought up US with ZERO context, not me.
&gt; you've arbitrarily decided the parameters of the discussion LOL. You're in a thread about a video game. This is random bullshit intended to cloud the issue. More disinformation.
Yes, check out Snopes.
Giving away OD twice in this meta?
This was 5 bo3 at most and many went to three games. There were no significant pauses between games. Comparing with Ti which has 100x the prize pool (no really) is completely unproportional.
All I see is boobs.
Check the strict solo queue box. Problem fixed.
Not since the DPC system was implemented.
1-2 seasons. I mean the first seasons pretty much covered 2 books. We've got 3 books and some short stories left.
You saying you think they'll go back to SoS? Anyhow, regardless of how you count them and if you include the short stories the point is the same: There's not all that much material there for 4+ seasons. For good and bad.
&gt; Lauren said she has ideas for a lot more seasons Which would contradict the OP.
Treant was robbed. Boobies beats barks.
In my wholesome gaming sub? ...I didn't ask for this.
On Reddit? Bah! Not the news cycles.
So, like any regular hentai game?
You keep repeating that as if it is a comparable scenario. I just explained to you why it is not.
But why...?
But what do the experts say?
2ez4prisonRTZ
400 MMR gain at 25 MMR gain/win and 80% win rate = 20 games. If you have time to play 20 games of Dota a week then getting better is an inevitability.
Mag getting a dream RP and then skewering away from Slark made me wince. Can't imagine what that feels like in such a high stakes game.
Holy shit! El Classico is happening in a Major Upper Bracket!
Imagine wearing a t-shirt with the new logo, with the "geniuses" barely visible people will think you're some edgy kid still listening to Limp Bizkit.
Which is still low wattage for an industrial laser. The real high wattage ones are used for cutting.
Yeah exactly.
You'd think Trump wouldn't have ordered an assassination then.
Well obviously there are holes for cables.
After that last fight I became a queerbasher, I hate sinister gays.
Are you comparing them with VP?
Na'vi won versus EG so...
With the top 6 secured that means a minimum of 900 DPC points to Alliance, bringing their total to 1350 points so far this season. Last year the minimum to enter Ti was 1140 points. So unless we see some statistical outliers this season, it means that this series secured Alliance a spot at The International 10 in Stockholm!
People have been saying that SA has been given charity slots for years. Yeah, well looks like this is paying off.
The real atrocity here is: *Picking Invoker *Playing Invoker safe lane.
Its always been that way, these are the same armchair quarterbacks that was talking about OG's fluke-Ti.
NO REFUNDS. Thank you for throwing.
That brood had no impact after laning. I don't think the hero utilizes Abeds skill very well.
&gt;Removed Shrines Savage.
I feel old...
Big jump up from 8th place to the teams above. Top 6 are virtually guaranteed a Ti invite in any other case than some major black swan event occurring.
Still fewer points than Fighting Pandas in 12th place.
EG not winning majors?
WE
There's very little info on it and s4 has always been quite taciturn.
I work at a hi-tech company. No one ever would dream about using a glass whiteboard. They are super hard to read from and just plain confusing.
&gt; If you just want to jump in and play, LoL is a better option. You mean after you've been forced through hours upon hours of tutorial disguised as "rewards".
Just how many rebalancings has there been? It feels like the devs no longer has any idea what kind of game they want BF to be. Which is very puzzling given how they've been doing this for 2 decades.
&gt;middle one: do not google djcomps What's with this guy and sticking out tongues?
Found GabeN's reddit account.
Anyone know a good animated voice artist that's a rough, older man but whose very presence fills you with trust and joy?
Hmm... I was thinking of someone that can also be a little funny... maybe a bit of a joker...
Dan Eliasson på MSB har sagt att det inte behövs. så ni kan vara lugna grabbar!
&gt; Create a full 4 year degree tract for patrolling officers at the minimum That would cripple even more people into student debt than what already is. So while I agree with the intention it would only be meaningful if there was a massive student debt/tuition reform first in the US.
I know why you want to hate me.
George Floyd was 6'6".
Those aren't really *exploitative*. They are certainly low-paying, but nowhere will a Track and field team or Gymnastics team make millions of your namesake while you toil away bearing their colors.
What the heck did Amber Reid do??
And then you have the Trump cult trying their damnedest to push Biden as a creep.
I think you're doing yourself a disservice with that music in the trailer. You need something to set the mood. Like something ominous that invokes tension.
It's 2020. It's the perfect meme for this year.
Aren't sugar babies supposed to be charming and hot?
More like, I think the real conservatives where pushed out quite some time ago. I identify as conservative by its definition. Today's it's just synonymous with GOP/Trump supporter.
/r/iamverybadass
States decide on election.
How about... * Brandon Webber riots, 2019 * Anthony Lamar riots, 2017 * The unite the right riots, 2017 (though these were very fine people) * Keith Lamont Scott riots, 2016 And these are just ones in the years when Trump has been president.
Dude listen to what is actually being said "What's going to happen is they're gonna start beating the fuck out of us". It's a third party.
Hey don't kink shame.
This is too bad... If he would have been left until the general election the GOP would have been shredded in that district. Could have endured him for another 6 months.
And BJ got elected for his perceived anti-immigration stance.
I've got Some news for you fembots have feelings too
Not bad winning 3 games in a Bo3 versus Secret.
This was a big basis of the Adam Sandler movie Punch Drunk. He actually had to act in that one.
Jag tror att man får ta in det här inom kontexten att hon var omringad av folk som sparkade på polisbilen.
Too much info...
By the same guys who guarded Epstein?
OP is basically saying that it's damned if you do, damned if you don't for Valve and being fine with the hypocrisy.
I just don't understand why DICE abandoned the online Armory model. I was completely addicted to it and coupled with their season pass it was even better.
Dire is so noticeably tankier while radiant have tons of control. Dire has that wombo combo teamfight but Radiant just seems so much easier to execute. I'd figure this is a very meta game, decided pretty much in the lanes where Radiant has a slight edge. I'll go with Radiant as it simply feels like a more well rounded draft.
Ladies, would you reply to a 2am Friday night text from 90s Trudeau?
Kavanaugh has been surprisingly moderate so far. Nothing like Thomas. Might be that he's trying to defy the stereotype that he would be a Trump plant. We can hope that if Trump is ousted he no longer has any loyalty couplings and can rule as he wants.
It's not about this game, it's about his career.
With RTZ fanboys it's the one and same since they are always ready to shit on someone else to deflect blame. Prime example here being s4 who by every worthwhile metric is far more successful yet is being blamed across two teams for RTZ's lack of the same.
To me the biggest issue is that I only have a 15min window to enter the damn thing. Good luck fitting that into a full time job with kids.
/r/swedensaysgoodbye
This is a minor one but the old D&amp;D setting Ravenloft had a Darklord called Sir Tristan Hiregaard/Malken that was given 3 different origin stories over 3 different expansions. The entire setting was a continuity nightmare, literally.
Welcome to Legend.
Attribute not to malice what can be attributed to incompetence. Twitch are the cool cats on the streaming sky. Unless it's Fortnite or front running some celeb they really don't care about the games at all. It's just another multimillion dollar organization filled out with beancounters that have ascended from being the most convenient Amazon corporate drones.
Well everyone likes Joe, just this week he had a bunch of old school Republicans tell us they'd much rather go with Biden than support Trump.
Definitely Cavern crawl. [I predicted this some weeks ago.](https://www.reddit.com/r/DotA2/comments/guzb3q/about_battle_pass_leveling_this_year/fsly0t5/)
A Reagan and Max Headroom mash up? I'm almost getting Judge Dredd vibes here.
This guy bought QoP Arcana.
If the GOP loses Florida the Dems can go to bed after supper on election night.
Win women's vote blueprint: 1) Don't be Trump
Someone on his staff should educate him on the Streisand effect.
Never heard of Bible Belt porn, is it anything like Bible Black? Because that's the real stuff there!
People are so salty about Battle Pass, can you at least try not to be poor?
All I can see before me as I read this is the image of an unwashed pleb begging "please sir, can I have some more". Uggh. Vermin.
On what grounds? It's already been indicated they will give their ruling July.
There's zero logic in conflating the government with SCOTUS.
How so? Kavanaugh for instance has been unexpectedly moderate. From the questioning it was clear the court as a whole was extremely skeptical of Trump's defense that he can't be held to answer while president.
Looks like we have to hold up a sign that says both this thread and my replies are sarcastic. Now please stop looking my way, I feel dirty just from having your eyes linger on my level 1000 aegies eblem.
It can't be understated how important Romania's bandwidth infrastructure has been for making it one of the most relied on IT resource centers in Europe.
It's sarcasm.
Funny how Trump wants to restrict all transparency/details on his presidency. Remind me, how many authors were Clinton and Obama chasing in order to keep them from publishing books?
The sight of his teeth could keep me of the Internet, that's his biggest contribution to curbing ISPs.
There's one thing to know from anonymous sources drip feed across the news cycle. However having it confirmed from the very inner circle by an established GOP figure is dynamite.
Det finns en hel del laga krav för revision och repstopp i större industrier, speciellt i något förenat med så många OHAS frågor som gruvor.
&gt;laga krav
LKAB är grundmuren för LO.
As much as I want this game yesterday if there's one studio to have the balls to delay in order to release a finished product, it's CDPR. Remember The Witcher 3 was also delayed. You don't see anyone complaining about that.
So as someone younger what are your top picks, I'm definitely in the MoO2 camp. Mind you, I've TRIED a lot of other games but I have not been able to find one replacing the aforementioned one.
You have a Viper Flair and you're surprised to see him owning morphling? When Viper is Using nether toxin, morphling doesn't have the range to lh, if he goes into the aoe he has to morph strength or go dangerously low on how. Vipers hp and corrosive skin also makes sure there's no kill potential.
Have you tried to just git gud?
Streak means nothing, the achievement is just a total number.
Believe in yourself and you can do anything! `^_^`
Thank God for the NSFW tag. Those tattoos really left me feeling dirty.
No that's not a misread, I'm relaying the situation as it is now while you are just presenting a what-if scenario.
Guys, the President told me to grab them by the pussy? How can you say that would get me in trouble?
Erasing EXIF isn't rocket science.
They likely admit to this so they can now use Trump's name in firing Strauss and install an acting AG.
I have it on good authority that OdPixel has been invading the Dutch shores to put the fish in the chips. No DMs plz. I don't talk to press.
Don't kinkshame.
Whitesploitation.
[He thinks deaths of Americans is something funny so...](https://edition.cnn.com/videos/politics/2020/06/22/keilar-murtaugh-rally-coronavirus-joke-vpx.cnn/video/playlists/top-news-videos/)
&gt; cutaneous fibromas Feeling adventurous? Image google this.
The Apex developers has obviously not followed the BLM movement ascension with these nerfs.
That won't do anything, it's the unions that have to be erased.
Cosby... He rapes... But he also saves!
A 2-1 result gives 2 points. It's a shitty system. I saw /u/noxville go bananas over it on Twitter for good reason.
Oh a "concerned" democrat that wants us to speak on the candidates challenges. Never seen that before here. Bad faith actor.
I call it like I see it. If she's contradicting herself you should take it up with her. Don't go attacking me for highlighting her inconsistencies. In no professional or sociable setting is it acceptable to tell someone to "educate yourself" or "you don't understand" when I highlight a flaw in your argument or version of events. That is called suppression techniques and is the weapons of bullies and abusers.
Akke is such a good guy that even PPD was nice to him on Ti7 panel.
Not everyone can drive a Porsche
So I've been reading all the different accounts provided to us and I'm being left with a non-flattering impression of Llama. While Llama has a true and just case versus Grant her camp also embellished the details of the whole affair with conspiratorial hearsay like multiple people closing ranks around Grant and even paying his legal fees. This seems heavily speculative at best and at worst an attempt at character assassination on people that have only been peripherally involved.
Riot is a company, these are casters of many different affiliations.
&gt;He also said he won't vote for Trump, but he also won't vote for Biden. He said he was going to vote for a third party. I'm COMPLETELY fine with self-styled warmongering "patriots" splitting the bill!
Incels showing that the "involuntary" part is something that they are forcing upon themselves by willfully alienating common human decency.
If I had to wear that ridiculous outfit and sunglasses playing games all day that's the line I'd take too.
The Grant Hill of Dota.
My biggest issue with Until Dawn/Man of Medan and now from what it seems of this game is that *I can barely see wtf is going on*. It's a horror game? OH it has to be super dark so players have to squint like an eternal rerun of the Game of Thrones Battle of Winterfell! I get it, darkness is supposed to be atmospheric and hint at the dangers out there but it's more often than not just a tired trope that is glossing over sub-par art direction.
Jo, denna orginalpostades för ett tag sen i /r/sweden
RedEye has responded with a full-size letter pretty much disputing all of Banks claims, I guess it's on the latter's responsibility to provide some sort of evidence now (ie not chat logs).
DAFUQ I JUST READ THIS NOW IT'S JUST BEEN SITTING THERE ALL ALONG RIP SLEEP 3 AM
I wish people would understand this is all a distraction from the state department får more treasonous offence of Trump ignoring kill bounties on US military personnel. He does this every time.
My solution: I haven't watched anything beyond the short trailers. Not even the hour long gameplay release 2 years ago. I know little to nothing about the story, and put my trust fully in CDPR.
I feel bad for Isaac, forever forced to suffer hell/purgatory/outstretched agony through expansions. The theories on what happens in the game is not merry reading.
Taken alone that's just one guy's word versus another. No management at Gfinity has spoken on the issue.
This guy knows better than the courts from reading Twitter. Smfh.
&gt;Taken alone
2020: The year that keeps on giving... like Ted Bundy.
