Go CI with ES
Quit your day job.
It’s real on a retropi. Don’t hold your breath for an official version.
Since I’m writing a compiler this is 2rl4me.
There’s pretty good evidence supporting the theory that night owls are genetically predisposed to staying up later due to a natural shift in their circadian rhythm. Evolutionarily it makes sense; in a tribe, you have to have a night watch.
If I’m coding in a language that doesn’t support them explicitly, I usually end up writing my own with a lambda or function or some other shit.
Why do they need to discount anything? Have they not raised enough to develop and publish a game? I thought they raised something like $250MM so far. Is that not right? And if they do need to discount at this point of the development cycle, shouldn’t backers be worried?
Can either of you prove your side?
Cloak is the least thrilling mtx reward I could think of for suffering what is sure to be the most RNG-laden challenges we've seen yet.
Ahhhh America: Russia and China's digital playground. Pick some good for 2020 please!
It’ll carry over to standard if your atlas it not complete there.
Except when they nerfed taxis
By that rational, the lottery is the most challenging endeavor on earth. Fuck going to Mars. RNG DOES NOT EQUAL CHALLENGE
When exactly is the league ending? Why can’t I find a specific date? Rather than two quotes times.
You would not believe the number of people posting 15 to 35 hours from now. Thank you.
People still play Battlefield? That died so long ago. Leave the body alone.
All companies I no longer buy from. Support your indie devs folks. Half of them are on Reddit already.
So which is it?
These are all naive approaches. Use dynamic programming. Recursion takes much longer.
Gtx 970 and my 1080p tv. Woohoo!
Who thinks HTML is a programming language? Is this like a flat earther thing?
Lol... only...
Like this: https://imgur.com/a/gdKMVqD This is even after black listing.
Even with blocking: https://imgur.com/a/gdKMVqD
With pi-hole even: https://imgur.com/a/gdKMVqD
Fixed.
Fixed.
Lol 😂 😂 😂 LoL no
You can give and receive supporter packs? All these years...
Which ascendancy is best for uber elder?
The opposite happens too. I’ve seen entire thread chains get gilded for no apparent reason. That’s even more insane.
My two favorite replies on SO and/or github: Marked for duplicate/closing thread because of #272803 *go to thread 272803* Issue unresolved or “I figured it out. Thanks.”
Stop upvoting this garbage
Bethesda doesn’t make games anymore.
Possible ascendancies for arc totem? Besides hierophant or scion.
So pretty much how every responsible gamer should act about every game they purchase.
It’s as multiplayer as D3. There if you want it, ignore it otherwise. It’s similar to D2.
It’s from POE China. What this tells us is that they use identical codebases with certain flags turned on and off. International PoE just had the pet pickup flag turned on momentarily.
4x rts I want to love them so much. I think the tiny units and buildings are cute like small model worlds. I want to explore and build things, but then I get swamped and overwhelmed by the number of stats and resources I have to micromanage on top of an advancing enemy.
I didn’t plan on tripping this morning, but here I am, tripping.
Don’t forget to mention what a terrible game Fallout 76 happens to be as well, rife with bugs and lacking in new content, all for a premium price tag.
You want me to torrent games? Because this is how you get me to torrent games. Exclusivity through store obfuscation is fucking idiotic. You literally offer nothing more and only differentiate yourself by why you don’t offer. Fuck Epic.
Better spend*
Welcome Diablo 3 players. Fuck Blizzard. Join the creator of Diablo, David Brevik, and the rest of us in playing the torch-carrying, best arpg currently in development (I would argue ever).
This needs to be a separate post. Some line items are downright unacceptable: - invoice numbers for any epic games you purchased (meaning every epic game you purchased) - other accounts your epic ID is connected to and THE DATE they were connected?! - location of every Ok fuck this. Please sink this fucking hostile game store.
I miss Anonymous.
I’ve cleared a safe house. No idea how or why.
Nerf Cameria
I got through my masters in CS without asking a single question on stackoverflow. Thanks SO for teaching me that documentation is your best source of information.
Can GGG please fix this?
Literally not once.
Hierophant gutted.
I have not once spent $60 more on a $60 game. Ever. Literally not once.
Finishing my masters. I’m level 30 with no currency. Some dude got three mirrors. Feels terrible lol.
You don’t trade a lot then. Or sell items that RMT sellers want.
RMT seller from Russia or China. You can tell by the broken English and pressured trading tactics. @You: Me trade you. Good deal. Take. Go. Instant invite. If accepted, attempts instant trade. @Me: You want my (valuable item) for (cheap currency)? @You: Profit 35c. Go. Trade. Good deal. Now good. Etc.
Level 30. Still school so rip league.
GGG hates melee. Everyone must play projectile. Nerf cyclone again. And sunder too. Why not.
&gt; I haven’t come across almost any in all the years I’ve been playing. He said that. Not you. It also depends on the time of day you trade. I've come across dozens in less than a year.
If I could fall
Or Go
Tencent say you profit 35c.
I’m burned out on the variety. I just want to map without feeling like I’m sacrificing double corrupts and 4s resonators.
How do I make a good weapon for a gladiator using herald of Agony? I know I’m never the main source of damage. Will my damage ever be decent? Or just don’t worry about it?
I’m level 60 with 8c, but I finished my master’s so there’s that.
Super annoying bug.
Jesus Christ. I want that.
I’ve seen shorter.
Seriously, Jesus. Sorry to hear that. Hey, at least she had perfect timing right? GL on your league.
Been browsing this sub for over a year and I never knew that.
Who cares.
Gotta steal those American secrets that America won’t use and exploit them.
Sounds like grad school.
Depends on how abstract the topic. I was doing CS, so I had some pretty wild weeks when working on hard shit simultaneously like numerical methods and compilers that doesn’t necessarily synergise. So I’d either not be able to sleep or get two hours of sleep and then program for 18 hours or sleep for 12 hours and not know whether it was 7am or 7pm. Days of the week flew by. You forget the sun. My nightmares consisted of having to write the code that made my body function. In the dream, I realized that my brain was part of my body and hit an infinite loop. I basically fell into my own head. On a positive note, I tripped on mushrooms and finally understood advanced algorithms, so that’s a plus.
It took a fucking journalist dozens of hours (or more) to accomplish this. Imagine if he didn’t make such an effort to get their voices heard.
Can you stash skill books? Or do you have to play story mode with all those books?
I picked a melee build. Rip my league.
So either play anything you want or don’t play melee.
Enchants should be sealable. Not craftable.
Wow. Nice commitment. Glad you did it though, so I didn’t have to. :)
How many times will this ring jump around I wonder. Plenty of players not on Reddit may miss the missing implicit.
People try to hide things on Facebook?
Tencent.
The ONLY explanation is that Tencent designed the fight or influenced it somehow. Uber Elder is the best fight in the game by far. Reaching and beating him isn’t just a feat but a reward in its own right. It’s the best fight in the game in no small way. The fight is the reward. I fucking love it. Aul is a cool fight as well (no pun intended). Kurgal can be interesting. Auhatoal (spelling) is garbage though, for some similar reasons (a lot of stuff is happening that seems meaningless, but at least you can dps something). This kind of shit though reeks of outside influence. Reeks of a creative process that got fucked with by executive interference. I have to believe that otherwise the only other explanation is that GGG has become fucking garbage at boss fights.
They’re just composites.
That’s what we’re here for. :)
Path of Exile today.
Path of Exile. Every day. All day.
Like most ARPGs, you tend to want on to cull most of the loot that drops from what you pick up. It’s a learning process though and goes a long way in making your experience most efficient and pleasant.
Get an item filter. NeverSink’s filter is a good place to start. Different levels will be more strict about what they show. It’s a good way to learn.
The sound and coloring will help some, but honestly, that kind of knowledge is a big part of the game and what allows the veterans to go so fast. Time will teach you. When in doubt, take an item you think might be good and put it up for 1-2c. If after a minute or two you get five whispers at once about buying the item, pull it and look it up. Figure out what made it worth more. If you really want to learn and learn quickly, keep PoE.ninja open and look up items as they appear. You’ll see a rough estimate of there current prices and the direction their price is trending. Or look up the item on PoE.trade and see what others are selling it for. Remember to ignore the first five or ten entries as “price fixers” will list a couple of items for very low prices in order to trick newer players into selling it for too little. This process can and will get tedious, but again you’re learning. Finally, there’s also PoE trade macro which is a script for Auto Hot Key (AHK). It’s allowed per GGG’s TOS and most serious traders use it. I’m not a fan because I don’t think it integrates well with the game (too immersion breaking for me; I know that’s ironic compared to alt-tabbing). But, it can help you see what the average price of an item is in game and why (because of T1 affixes, enchants, corrupted implicits, rarity). Most importantly, don’t forget to do whatever is fun for you. It’s a game, and there’ll always be ways to min/max the way you play. And yes, for some, being most efficient is a kind of fun in and of itself, don’t let it jeopardize your enjoyment of the core game loop. Explore, kill shit, get loot. Rinse, repeat.
Matthias Wendel.
Do you have girls on the ready to carry your laundry bags for you? Wtf was the context?
Rares can sell as high and higher than uniques, but it takes perfect stats and or otherwise rare combinations of stats that synergise well. Unless you’re farming T14+ maps, you can assume they won’t be good. You can save them unIDed for the chaos recipe. The exceptions are shaped or elder rares. Even with shit stats. Even as normal or magic. If they have a good base and/or have an ilvl above 80, they can sell for some chaos (5 or more depending on the aforementioned criteria). Regardless, with a good filter, you won’t miss out and the filter will make a big sound for big drops (and now mini map icons).
Oof. Ok, don’t worry about it now. Just play the game. You’ll have plenty of time to learn.
As someone who just finished their degree, what do you have to write on a whiteboard?
None of this matters until you get to high level maps. A low level rare cant have t1 or t2 affixes. Look up engineering Eternity on YouTube and watch all of his beginner videos. That should help.
Helps that I’m cycloning too. :)
Of a near empty lighter.
You probably got reported by the bots. Gotta defend RMTers for that sweet, sweet cut of RMT money. That’s the only explanation. Nothing else makes sense. Otherwise, BLOCK THE FUCKING BOTS RATHER THAN MUTE PLAYERS.
Lucky dog. I started this league late and it makes a huge difference to QoL. Now I’m just poor all the time.
lol people using Facebook.
Imagine climbing Mount Everest. Now imagine being the guy who films it. That’s the camera man.
Welcome to Path of Exile. You’re one of us now. Every single PoE player has gone through something like this. Everyone. It’s a rite of passage. As for fixing your character. First, you should know that long term, any characters you have sitting in standard will get free respecs eventually (usually after major changes and new league starts). For the short term, you know the two option: reroll or buy orbs of regret. Here’s how I would choose. First, how many points total do you need to respec? 40? 60? The entire tree plus your ascendancy? Get yourself a final cost. Second, deduct 20 assuming you still have the free respec points. If you don’t know what I mean, some of the side quests in the main story reward free respec points. Third, check how long it took to get you where you are by typing “/played” in chat. 30 hours? Any new character you start will be faster, but still, that can be quite lengthy. If you’re already 75 and made it to maps, you should already have about a dozen orbs of regret. Personally, I think it would be more time efficient to buy the orbs of regret (farming any currency you need to buy them via the chaos recipe) and just respec that way. I would also stick to your ascendancy (hopefully you didn’t completely botch that), as there’s usually something viable for most ascendancy paths. If you’re curious about your ascendancy and typical points taken, check poe.ninja/challenge and see how others specced with your ascendancy and similar skills and items.
I like that Zana’s portal is understated. It’s not about the portal itself; it’s about where it’s going. Jun goes to stupid houses. Zana uses trans-dimensional shifting to bring you face to face with elder and her corrupted father in the Nexus. Zana doesn’t need mtx. She’s got raw power.
Nothing like Minecraft. Think Harbest Moon. Buy it on Steam and play for an hour. If you don’t like it, refund it.
Beasts are broken. GGG fucked up the spawn rate. Simple as that.
Pediatrician. What do I get?
T2
Chinese to English via google translate? Is English your fifth language? Holy fuck.
Never trust an atom. They make up everything.
Celestial shield is the only real contender unfortunately.
If you can’t sustain T6-7, you’re doing it wrong. Shaping your atlas does NOT mean stopping at T6 with one map complete. It means completing all tiers, but leaving one to two tiers incomplete. You should have 130/159 roughly. Not 60/159. Don’t forget unique maps. All but a handful of them are cheap to run or jump into other peoples maps via trade 820.
Words are defined by usage: [checkmate](https://books.google.com/ngrams/graph?content=pediatrician%2C+paediatrician&amp;year_start=1800&amp;year_end=2000&amp;corpus=15&amp;smoothing=3&amp;share=&amp;direct_url=t1%3B%2Cpediatrician%3B%2Cc0%3B.t1%3B%2Cpaediatrician%3B%2Cc0)
I use that as my icon in macOS. :)
Lvl 94. 100 hours. 20/36. 0 raw exalts. I’m still waiting for my RNG to come in the mail. (Wtf) Edit: 149/159. Mastermind down twice.
I largely ignore the helm enchant. You can kill uber elder without it.
Still waiting on mine. 149/159.
Merry Christmas fam
You’re totally right. I wasn’t trying to disparage India or the Philippines. India has some of the smartest people and hardest workers. But like you said, you get what you pay for and they outsource to those countries so they can pay shit. Thus, rip Blizzard customer service which means rip Blizzard. Again. (One of the major ways blizzard used to differentiate itself)
You bite your tongue.
I know this is a good tattoo because it makes me want one.
These comments teach me to be grateful for the people in my immediate circle. None of them use Facebook.
Elevator brakes.
YOU'RE SHIT OUT OF LUCK ON A MAC. FYI.
Tell me how to do it on a mac, while also maxing out the mouse's movement speed. Answer: you can't
Lol all the morons that pretended Epic was going to be a Steam killer. Steam and GOG fulfill every need possible. If a shit company tries to wall in their game, then its gone.
Made-To-Measure $2,500 Bespoke $5,000 You can vote for her to do a trunk show in a city. Choices: Chicago, London.
What’s the point of these items?
Jesus fucking Christ, punctuate.
who leveled Leo to 7?! :o (I was kidding)
The list doesn’t include any hideouts from story mode. This is one of several I left out. And people are upvoting as if it’s the only one.......
Cartographer’s. You get it from the story I think?
Rip all of us that didn't get Leo to Lvl 3
Someone has seen the Fountain. The most horrifying example of plants spouting from skin.
I can tell this isn’t r/games because the first ten replies aren’t about defending the store or giving Microsoft the benefit of the doubt or “more time to improve the store”. That whole place is made of apologists. MS store is fucking garbage. Origin is garbage. Uplay is less garbage than those two. Battle.net store was good but is slowly being incorporated by Activision (just like the rest of the company). GOG for DRM free games and defunct games. Steam for everything else. That’s where we’re at now.
Coastal comes from Haku, arguably the first hideout most people got before 3.5. Chances are you already have Coastal.
The Bath House. Act 6.
Use your wishlist wisely, aka add about 100 games and then sort by discount. Buy a game whenever it hits 60% discount or above (or 75% or 50%, up to you). Never run out of games to play. Best bang for your buck. Or, ya know, just play f2p games.
Married a gamer. Though she prefers single player games. Can’t win them all.
Microsoft’s game division is failing big time. They need shit like this and 4K Minecraft to try and stay afloat. Fucking laughable.
Finishing a master’s in CS. After that though...
Switch it to easy and just runs through ignoring the boring mechanics. It’ll let you focus fully on the story and it’ll pass by fast enough that you can keep all the events in your short term memory (as opposed to playing it over the course of several days).
People can skip tutorials.
Can you friend other players yet and message them?
How about the anti-consumer refund policy?
Redacting...
You fix it for them.
He may have enough for a $200,000 car.
I want to love this so much, but fuck card games.
I’m still using 7 for gaming. MacOS for dev. Linux for browsing.
The fact that Chris thinks it’s “unfortunate” that the mod table leaked makes me question why I should keep playing this game. Crafting with the table was already hard enough. Without it...? Just imagine that.
Then it’s working!
I’ve been saving exalts for two years to buy a mirror. :’(
There’s a trick to this. I hit 123 like I normally would, with my pinky, fore and middle fingers. My pointer finger “misses” and hits 45 together. If you aim your finger between the keys, you can press two keys at once. I just keep “missing” the 4 key and pressing both at the same time. It’s not my fault. /s
They must have changed something, because I don’t remember it being that bad when it was released on ps2.
Can someone give me some good bases so I can try and craft ONE FUCKING ITEM before this league ends? I blew all my exalts, chaos, essences, Vaal orbs, anything not tied down, on bases for onslaught boots, explosion kills, charges on hit, and landed nothing. Three months of playing, to return to standard with nothing. And yes, I care about what I take with me. :/
In the future, just tap their usual can of food or tub of treats and they’ll come running.
Except that he didn’t want the synthesis loot table to be leaked. Imagine playing fucking synthesis with zero information. Yeah, the gut is actually a scientifically horrible way to make decisions.
If you engaged with the mechanic at all, you must have experienced how even a three mod craft with excellent high level bases can still, and often does, result in crap. And then we would’ve had to guess that all onslaught needed was 96% instead of 100% or 105% movement speed? No way.
Now imagine that for ~10 good implicits over ~20 different bases? No way. Even with the mod databases it was hard enough to make anything, as cover by most every streamer. Without it? There would’ve been drastic changes made before the league hemorrhaged faster than it already did (again, even with the mod dB).
Are drops going to be balanced around incubators?
Again, it’s not about one god implicit. I don’t need to argue my point. It’s already been parroted by every major player of PoE. You clearly didn’t engage with the league. For the time invested, the return was garbage, as compared to nearly every other league before it (Talisman and Torment being popular contenders for worst league, though the comparison is inappropriate). As far as leagues go since 3.0, it’s not even an debate. For anyone that played more than 100 hours of the league, it’s clearly indefensible. I played around 300.
That’s not 200 meters long. Long refers to length, as in one dimension (inb4 someone brings up squared units). That would be 218 yards, or the length of two American football fields. Yeah, no.
Will this league be a good one to play Rf berserker?
Serious question: how did you craft that? Would love to hear the process.
My first video game was Oiler or something from Nintendo’s Game &amp; watch series.
And we wonder why patents and IP law are a joke in the states.
Because they are both better platforms.
They’ll probably gonna sell it. Hopefully. :)
So basically a normal Tuesday night.
RemindMe! 1 year “PoE fixes”
My father touched me too.
How do these games hold peoples attention? Don’t get me wrong, I’ve put my time into Jrpgs just as much as the next guy, if not more, but goddamn these games always put me to sleep. Meanwhile, I loved the card game and cartoon and the aspect of collecting all 151, but walking around that grass spamming one ability and waiting to catch a new Pokémon, I could never stay awake.
This is consumer grade hardware.
You’re fucking stupid if you think software on a Mac just magically works and thus justify the price tag of $6K.
Uhh, if it’s a raspi. Otherwise, no. How do you confuse the motherboard with a gpu?
How do you use both? With cyclone in a 6L, you have cyclone+coc+cwc+spell you want to cast+dmg support+dmg support? Or do you use two different spells, one for coc and one for cwc? Doesn’t the lack of support gems reduce cyclone’s effectiveness though? Or does the added damage from the coc and cwc skills make up for it? I’m going cyclone (like most) but I’m not sure if I want to do cwc or coc or both (first time using either).
There are so many juicy clusters that I want to try and stack together that I’m skipping the life wheel. If it doesn’t work, I’ll respec.
Yeah, he’s cute, but I think he’s married to Kim, heehee.
In game chat as well.
But bronne’s lithe for cyclone, right? I mean, if you’re going cyclone of course.
All good points. Though with a coc/cwc setup, the coloring won’t be as bad. And maurader has plenty of defense on the tree now. So many options...
Trying to figure out a cwc and coc ngamahu cyclone berserker, but there are too many amazing nodes on the tree now to take. And do I want charging offensive... argh
Are you worrried about the trickster nerf effecting your budget build effectiveness?
Thing is, if I’m going ngamahu, I’ll have more than enough map dps, so I’m starting to worry about single target. I may try six linking my axe and sticking infernal blow on there.
Still have found one of these bad boys. I really need to start saving in standard. :/
You seem to know your shit, so mind if I ask you for some advice. I want to play a berserker (as it’s one of the last ascendancies I have to play), and I love cyclone, so cyclone berserker. I’ve always been fond of ngamahu‘ axe cause of the free seven link, but even with the insane melee tree buffs, I can’t seem to get my cyclone over 116k (~160k with molten burst). I was thinking of sacrificing some molten burst dps to six link ~~infernal blow~~molten strike in the axe (or put cyclone there, either or). That’s so I can have a strong single target attack. ~~Infernal blow should work well with a 2H axe, as I’ve got that up to 300k~~ Molten strike supports should synergise well with molten burst. Thoughts? I don’t need to zoom zoom with my league starter. I just like to be able to get to and kill shaper (and probably buy a carry for uber elder until I get a better build going). I also have to play a necromancer (don’t know why kind yet) and flicker strike Assassin this league. Of those three, including my cyclone ngamahu berserker idea, which do you think will be the best league start to eventually scale up to kill uber elder? I have experience farming uber elder, but I’m new at creating my own builds and not sure how realistic I’m being about their scaling. It’s really hard for me to judge.
I’ll never own one of those in my life. And now a bunch of people got 2. I mean, they deserved the one for sure, I’m just super jealous. Gratz, you fuckers.
Swap fortify with blood magic. Put fortify in your six link.
Already confirmed by bex that you’re getting both.
I’m considering a ngamahu cyclone berserker with molten strike as single target dps. Am I missing out? I’ve never gone pure physical. Not sure how to or what weapon to go for. Built around ngamahu a few times though and I’m glad cyclone is back. Wouldn’t mind a change, but I have to play berserker.
Which one lol. I’m missing around in POEMate, but I’ll post a pob when I get to a machine.
MS will still be viable as single target spell, right? They made the changes to reduce its clearing effectiveness.
I’ll do that then. My second build will be a flicker strike assassin. Might as well make it coc too right? Coc ice nova? Suggestions would be much appreciated (new to this make-your-own-build stuff).
Right. I forgot about the whole avatar of fire/xoph’s blood thing. I wasn’t planning on picking it up though. I wanted to try and scale/convert/gain-as the physical portion.
To “destroy” all content (like phasing bosses or guardians in 5 seconds), you may need credit. To kill all bosses (like guardians in 20 seconds), you don’t need crit. I farm uber elder every league and I’ve never built for crit, though I want to try it.
Those would’ve been available to a wider audience on PC, but they just bought the publisher exclusivity rights for the PC ports. It’s cutting off the source before it trickles down. You supported PC exclusivity. Gratz.
Why have exclusivity on PC at all? I think you’re missing the point. Exclusivity is not required for porting. Why not port and have it available on all the platforms that will allow it (steam, GOG, origin, 3rd party sites, and even EGS). Exclusivity just breeds piracy. I know the answer of course. It’s a financial decision by the publisher. Accept a windfall now for short term gains and avoid the financial risk associated with development. Shareholders get their money. EGS gets to promote their turd store. Dev already got paid by the publisher. Consumers get fucked. Then in a year, you can sell it on other platforms for lower, but non-trivial gains. Financially, it makes sense. If you’re anything but a gamer in the video game industry’s ecosystem, it makes sense. But no one before EGS was scumbag and pompous enough to do it, assuming piracy wouldn’t comeback in the ass to bite them. If you’re a gamer, with any modicum of self-worth, it makes zero sense to spend a single penny on EGS, unless you just hate Steam (lets be honest, the natural monopoly on the room) and/or love drama. Or your first game was Fortnite and this is the first platform you’ve ever used. (royal “you”, not you personally)
Oh, it was just a question. I forgot that infernal blow and ms were fire based. Ok, thanks for the help.
https://pastebin.com/WQ8LxqM8 sorry for the delay! Any help would be VERY appreciated. I'm aware that the gems haven't been updated. I also went with daresso's salute to start, but can swap to xoph's when I can afford it.
That’s amazing. I would’ve loved a portal effect. I want them all. I got zilch though. Same last event too. Some day maybe...
EGS bought yet another game that no one cares about. “Steam exclusivity”... so the dev is just straight up fucking retarded. Steam doesn’t stop publishers from releasing on other platforms.
“Condensed”
Get 180% life and sustain (lgoh with some regen). The very few times you get hit, you’ll bounce back up. Stupidly smooth build. Enjoy.
I see a future where the countries of the world unite under one banner just so that everyone can start a new league at the same time.
Your character and tabs migrate to standard, but synthesis league as a mechanic is dead at the moment. It’ll list likely return at a later date in a revised and simplified capacity, a la bestiary.
I would love to see this topic but I’m guessing the numbers are so low that they don’t want to negatively influence the next league going forward. Best to just forget it ever happened.
That’s not counting molten burst or switching to xoph’s blood or better dps gear.
You’re my hero.
Make are games easily available on PC or else. It’s a PC. Not a Mac. Not a console. Not a smartphone. You don’t control how I use my PC, EGS. I do.
Gorgeous. Would love to wishlist it on Steam or GOG.
I tried to become an electrician once. I had two years of electrical engineering college under my belt, but preferred to learn a trade. After working an office job for awhile, I got tired of sitting in a cubicle and wanted to work with my hands in a variety of unpredictable environments. I spoke to this electrician who was hiring an assistant. We did a phone interview and when he found out my background he was like, “you have an office job? Why would you want to become an electrician? Keep your office job.” That was pretty demoralizing.
How to get around Netflix vpn detection? I have mullvad and 4tfy.me but prefer mullvad.
Installing EGS is like willingly subjecting yourself to malware. You wouldn’t install a virus, would you? Fresh install your OS. If you want access to the launcher to hoard free games, set it up in a vm.
This all the way.
r/fuckepic
FOCUS NOT ONCE And I 36/40ed betrayal.
Kill me
2526 :( Not even close.
Melee sucks in melee league. Sure, you can deal damage, but the damage is spiked as hell. I’ve never had a rippier experience, except the first time handling the switch to LL ES or CI. The improvements they made to melee have buffed the enemies just as much. So now, it’s a better time than ever to play ranged. Like wtf. (And don’t tell me to play juggernaut.)
It’s quoted as a “10,000 hour” drop. As in, one drops for every 10,000 hours played. But, I am wondering where this quote started. I’ll see if I can find a source.
Pi-hole, ublock all versions, etc. Exactly because of shit like this.
Still rocking a 970. At this point, I don’t know what to upgrade to and I’m too afraid to ask.
The trick is to pop the breach and start running. Don’t wait for them to start. That way you start on the outside of one of the armies as soon as they appear.
Handful of hours and more currency than 99.999% of the playerbase including steamers. W. T. F.
I’m still trigger. When I see her name on the mini-map, I just think “fuck, another memory.” I’m slowly being conditioned to like her again.
Bots.
My suggestion is to subscribe to like roughly thirty quality youtubers whose content you enjoy. Then, whenever you sit down for a meal or a shit, you always have someone to greet you.
For film related channels: Lindsay Ellis (though she uploads less because of her book), Jenny Nicholson. For authentic people (predominantly wood working, etc.): Frank howarth, Mathias wandel, Alex French guy cooking, Alec Steele, mr. puzzle, Pablo cimadevila, fireball tool, super bunnyhop, this old tony, Jameson antique furniture restoration, primitive technology, tips from a shipwright. That’s a pretty random assortment with enough backlog to keep you busy. Mind, I do none of these things (I mean, I can cook, but don’t as a hobby, I don’t woodwork or fabricate, etc.). They are just authentic people who are passionate about their craft and it’s world, usually one I don’t know a lot about.
r/fuckepic
Cool. Gonna buy it on steam. Fuck EGS. That shit’s malware as far as I’m concerned.
I list 70% xp today. Fuck this.
If it looks like a Chinese bootleg and it smells like a Chinese bootleg, then it’s a Chinese bootleg.
Or, ya know, change the game so we don’t have to do this. Fuck the sulphite cap.
I would actually use that.
Thanks, I love it.
By efficient use, they’re talking about heat generation (which can reduce the lifespan of the chip or ruin it altogether) and power consumption (the two are directly connected).
Life leech.
Is that actually what the article says? Because in no way was he supposed to be the villain. What kind of bull shit is this? Even by the end of the episode, he lamented about his position as a figurehead and the direction his company took, and how it was all out his hands now. Are we just making shit up now? Fuck.
Thank Christ.
Chargeback time.
I couldn’t even activate a map today.
I forgot to mention this in my original post, but that’s happened to me as well.
I get that reference.
None of that looks like steam.
BEFORE GOES ON THE LEFT. AFTER GOES ON THE RIGHT.
I wish they didn’t change as much. I would’ve loved to try the melee changes with the animation changes.
I use both. If everything is working properly, there is literally no difference. I prefer steam because it’s the only way to track all your hours across leagues and characters.
15 kills over a few leagues is it a lot at all. I’m not surprised you haven’t seen a jewel. Sure, that’s bad luck, but people getting jewels kill him dozens of times. I killed uber elder around 20 times last league and got like 4/5 jewels. I’ve killed him ten times before and gotten zero. I have zero jewels this league. RNG is RNG. I know sometimes this sub responds with “RNG” even if the mechanic is broken, but I don’t think it is in this case. Unless they tuned down (read: balanced) watcher’s eyes this league.
Just killed shaper. Have to move elder influence to guardians. ~148/159. A lvl 91 and a 78. Only 2 exalts. No 6 link yet. No big drops. Honestly, my worst league ever. Supposed to be breach 2.0. Feels like nothing 1.0. Feelsbadman.
Not even close. It’s generally accepted to be around 1/6 (accounting for variance, which I think is huge btw). Some people end a league with 1/3 drops, other people get none. Either way, 15 elder kills (assuming shaper always lived) with no jewels puts you in the 1%. That said, only 15 kills over multiple leagues is really low. Try to get that many in one league (if you’re not doing something else). Also, it’s better to aim for uber elder.
Always.
Then don’t worry about it. Definitely don’t expect a jewel. Honestly, they’re usually shit, sometimes worth an ex, and rarely worth more. But like everything else in PoE, is risk versus reward. If you like lottery, farm UE. Otherwise, you’d make more consistently by selling the fragments.
I’m at 21 challenges, but I think I’ll take a break for a month and come back when the league and melee mechanics and queueing have been ironed out.
LL ES trickster is amazing because you can use health and mana to reserve auras. Plus the ability to curse more. Yeah, I would kill for this item, but I’ll never get one.
That’s wicked awesome.
So you annulled a magic item to have zero mods just out of spite?
Stand up. Reach for the sky and jump as high as you can. When you land, immediately squat and put your palms on the ground. Kick your legs out behind you into a push-up position. Do a push-up. Bring your legs back under your torso and stand back up. Repeat.
We only have to endure 3.8, 3.9, 3.10 and 3.11 before then.
One of the worst videos I have ever seen. She closes with citing that your country or city wouldn’t exist without climate-change migration, as if it’s a positive thing. No. Fucking no. I look forward to watching the young people reminisce around a barrel fire about this video in between breaks of global war. “She was right! This is exciting like the northern lights! I wish I still had my arm and didn’t see my sister’s face shot off. But at least mom and dad died peacefully when they drowned in that tsunami. I’m gonna kill me two more invaders tomorrow!”
With her hip cocked to one side. Her spine isn’t straight. So, no, not maximum height.
2,600 hours and I’ve had none of those things. Fucking GGG hates me. Wtf.
This means they’re losing money. Great news.
God forbid we get to look at the finished product for more than a fraction of a second. There’s a special place in hell for people who make gifs like this. Fucking DIAF.
I don’t get your point about a fossil tab being a p2w tab before fossils are stackable. Fragments are not stackable, but we have a fragments tab. Are fragments tab p2w? You’re talking nonsense.
Vice city for me.
3000 fusings over four different chests. Not a single 6 link and 3 five links. I quit the league because fuck you GGG.
Can you help me 6link something in Legion before you go?
Neutral milk hotel - in an Aeroplane over the sea.
I like how Intel announced there are going to reduce prices on their desktop CPU’s I response to AMD abusing them. So basically, they’ve been overcharging this whole time and now that there’s competition, they’re like “oh, ok. We’re not going to change anything, but we’ll give you the same chip we’ve been selling you for cheaper.”
I want the HZD t-Rex so badly.
Print statements is the big net protecting the rest of the seats.
Wait 15-30 minutes for the server they are on to clear. Then retry.
Grumpy bunny?
Did the fire mage just use a box lighter to “cast” fire? I’m sold.
I have to be at this level to even break into the industry? Yeah, fuck that.
He grew up with that face. He knows. He’s always known.
Even if they stacked, I’d still want a dedicated tab. And I’m sure many would agree with me. Currency stacks, but fuck not having a tab.
Can I buy some fossils from you? I wanna try my hand at fossil crafting.
But just like maps, regardless of whether they stack, it’s about the automatic organization. You Ctrl click your fossil/resonator into the tab and it automatically sorts to its appropriate tab. You need a fossil? You click the right tab. Besides not stacking, the main headache with fossils (selling or using) is having to manually organize them.
You’re missing the point. Maps don’t stack. Maps have a tab. P2w? Fossils don’t stack. They can still create a tab. You’re initial complaint was that a fossil tab without fossil stacking would be p2w. I’m saying that conjecture is stupid for the reasons I gave. I still haven’t heard an argument for why a fossil tab without fossil stacking would be p2w (despite the precedence already being set). I think you’re just wrong in this case, but again, I’m not against listening to a proper argument against it.
Go on...
WILL SOMEONE INVITE ME FOR DORYANI’S completion?!
Oh, I get you now. Yeah, it would be more convenient if they stacked, but even if they did, that’s still ~30 slots you need to create somewhere. And with the inclusion of emblem splinters (obviously in the frag tab), where would you put fossils? There isn’t room. On a technical note, GGG’s problem with not being able to work out fossil stacking is a very real one. Because fossils can be socketed into resonators, and resonators can have fossils inside of them, getting fossils to stack is non-trivial. I’m guessing. But I also guess that the solution will be to treat filled or partially filled resonators as discrete items and have base items (fossils and resonators) include a tag about their socketed condition (to help identify their state). Then you could control click “virgin” fossils and resonators into a tab, but filled resonators would be rejected from the tab and require normal stash tab storage.
1 in a 100k baby!
LOL for pre-ordering a game and it becoming an EGS exclusive. What publisher and developer so I know to boycott the publisher and be wary of the developer (for signing up with such a retarded publisher)?
I’m guessing that you plan on moving the clock face counter clockwise rather than the hands clockwise, because it’s rotating in the “wrong” direction for normal time keeping.
Actually, it’s a bad trade. His profits were 0, but he wasted time, so that’s a net loss.
Call me when they crack Anno 1800
Dividers. You make a box around the waypoint. Rotate one wall to let people in and out. If they need access to the stash too, you move the stash to a corner and let it clip through the corner a little.
Is this in SSFHC and you refused to look up any guides whatsoever? Did you start by making your own builds and purposefully steered clear of build “spoilers”? Oh, have you used POB?
When your league is so unlucky that someone giving their gear away because they’re about to go homeless gets you excited. Shit. Hang in there. Everything changes.
BUT THINK ABOUT THE CHILDREN!
Unbalanced binary tree.
It was supposed to shred all the way, and done so in tests. This was the first time it failed. Imagine how pissed banksy was.
It’s WAY simpler than that. Every team started at 0. Now, pick one: turtle, rabbit, boat, cockatiel, corgi One of these things is not like the other. WTF do you think everyone would pick? The goddamn adorable corgi, that’s who.
F
The easiest spot is the dirt tunnel under the over pass that’s used for the main story mission heist. Cops AI can’t follow you in. Survive 5 stars every time with ease.
Who the fuck is deciding what “valuable” means at GGG? Are they trying to reinvent the word?
You can say fuck. Fuck.
Happy New Years!
Everyone and their mothers using shav’s this league.
Instructions unclear. 3950x
Path of Exile. It’s been consistently supported and developed by the original three founders for over six years. Their studio has grown to over 120 people, sold themselves to Tencent, and yet the founders still stick around and maintain their vision. They’ve released both consoles, but PC is their priority. It’s free to play, only supported by cosmetics and stash tabs (inventory space); nothing else. Not to mention, it’s the best arpg to date and a spiritual successor to D2.
The word is “paid”. Payed is not a word.
NYC here. Wolf of Wall Street has a lot of fucks? I can’t remember one.
If you’re from the tri-State area and have lived anywhere else, you’d know that New York doesn’t mean the city. New York ends up meaning: Staten Island, Long Island, Buffalo, New Jersey, Yonkers, Connecticut, Cliffside Park, Hartford, etc. I met one other person once and they were from Brooklyn.
Pure comedy.
Fastclicker.exe
As a straight man, I watched it and discovered that it’s one of my favorite love stories off all time. I cry every time it ends. “Jack, I swear.” Rip heart ledger.
I’m straight. It’s one of the best love stories ever told. I listen to the soundtrack when I need a heartache. Jack, I swear. That fucking line gets me everytime.
I wanted to be a mobile developer until I encountered Xcode. After two semesters, I was done. Never again.
I hate the new atlas and the game is demonstrably worse with Sirus as the capstone fight.
Done with PoE as long as that fight is the end boss.
I always wanted to see the longer version.
I want to make a broader post, but my basic complaint is this: PoE worked as a game with a three act structure. You cleared the story and entered maps, you built up your gear and cleared the atlas, and finally you focused on your end game activity of choice (farming uber elder or shaper, chaining some T16 elder map, going for 40/40, etc.). Now, you clear the story, enter maps, build up your gear, and... fumble with a stupidly and horribly convoluted map system. Maps are hidden without socketed watchstones. Gaining 32 watchstones is a repetitive and tedious process, more so than most other activities in the game; the closest comparison would be betrayal recipe unlocks and you farm those to some extent. It takes three times as long to complete the entire atlas because of awakened maps. Conqueror spawn is all RNG based (and that will be severely nerfed when they fix the white maps exploit). Retrying Sirus is a terribly long endeavor. And all for what? To fight Sirius? The Sirus fight is of singularly poor design. It’s easily the worst fight in PoE ever, but the worst fight I remember in Arpg’s. Huge aoe blobs. Moving aoe blobs. Aoe whose effect is larger than their graphic display. Boss with insanely long invulnerability phases. Blocked terrain. The fight is five times as long as uber elder with a lower skill ceiling. Forcibly zooms in the camera. The new atlas is fucking garbage. Map sustain is better. Gratz.
Hey bud, can you help me out? How did you it? I’m a vortex cold snap occultist as well but the furthest I got was 60% into 91 before losing all my xp. I noticed you aren’t wearing shav’s, which is good because I’d rather not buy one (plus I’m tired of always going LL). Or is LL my only option for making my build viable? Thanks for the help. (I’m guessing IH and sorrow of the divine play a big part in this. Any other tips? Rather than run Malevolence, I’m using sand stance and enfeebled aura with discipline. I see you chose Temp chains. I’m guessing you have enlighten 4 to be able to run all those auras together. Why the prism guardian? Does that help as well? It looks like you might have IC+enfeeble+CWDT socketed in it. So you use it for the high amount of all res and dex? And you chose to self cast cold snap and frost bomb, so are you triggering storm brand, tempest shield and orb of storms with a trigger on your scepter?)
Best xp is 5ways, but that’s way more expensive and not viable these days. So yeah, pure chayula is best 98+.
I completely agree and quit for the same reason. It’s dumb that everything one shots any build that is t a jugg or worth 50ex.
I can see it in your smile.
Is there a vod of all the comedy bits from the award show? Just the 2020 show.
Press alt?
I used these on a HH MF Deadeye last league and dumped them for this exact reason. The extra anoint is great, but you have to eat it against influences gloves. The blight spores are inconsequential.
I’ll bet money it is.
Please fix the map tab and atlas. You can’t search for maps if watchstones are socketed/unsocketed (depending). It fucking sucks and is terrible.
GOOD
Ziz’s guild :)
I do love my delve portal. Exilecon’s portal kind of trumps everything else though. :)
Update: holy shit. My dream came true. Winning this giveaway is the biggest drop for me after 3,600 hours of PoE. THANK YOU! Are you for real?! Uhh, uhhh, fuck, I’ve never played an Uber expensive build, so I don’t even know where to begin. For starters, I’d bite the bullet and play a summoner. I’ve been avoiding summoners all league, but they’re just too damn good. I’be always wanted to play a Golemancer. Seemed like such a cool build to have all those elemental creatures running around. I could also help with my own self-cast damage as well. Maybe like arc or something. Then I would try an ice shot raider. It’s bow league after all! I leveled as an ice shot deadshot once, but it was so brutal, I quit before act 10. I think now would be a great time to try again. Lastly, I’ve always wanted to make a build around shroud of the lightless and all of the abyssal armour pieces that grant extra benefits based on the jewels you have socketed. Yeah, I would go a full jewel build. Like 12 jewels or something crazy. Play as a scion so I could reach as many jewels as possible. :) go for jewels with affects like onslaught on kill, phasing on killing, intimidate on hit, maim on hit, added movement speed, extra. Just get a silly amount of utility from jewels. I don’t even know if it’s viable. I would also get whispers of doom anointed on an amulet for +1 to curses and then use a curse on hit setup with a poacher’s mark on hit ring. Oh man, that would be silly. Anyway, if you have any beginner questions, we should chat in game. I love answering the simpler stuff because it makes me feel like I actually know the game lol.
It depends on the job. Going back to school was like a long vacation. And I was studying CS lol.
So real life?
Unless your using an HH or going for some other niche mechanic (coward’s legacy comes to mind), then belts only purpose is to support stats. This belt provides a shit ton of stats (res, life, wed, with a socket to boot).
People who are spending mirrors are trying to min/max generally. I think they would be trying to upgrade their 30ex generic belt. :) I think this will definitely be mirrored.
How about the rest of the process?
Who said you have to lower your awakened level? That’s not true.
I can’t play mines for a third league, but it seems that mines and summoners are just gonna be the meta for the next year, which really sucks. One build is too active and the other is too passive.
For new people: He’s showing that he’s using a LL build. That means low life. In order to go low life, you reserve 65% or more of your life via blood magic and then protect yourself with ES (energy shield). The two main benefits of going LL are the added auras you can run with your reserved life, whether they be defensive or offensive, and that big node that is unallocated. That node is Pain Attunement and provides 30% more spell damage when you’re low life. That’s “more” which is better than “increased”. So he went through all the trouble of going LL, completed 39 challenges, and never allocated Pain Attunement. Now, pyroclast mines are stupidly op right now, so he didn’t even notice, but if had allocated it, then his league would’ve been even easier than it already is.
What’s the single target like with flame golem? Is there a build that just uses them all? Along with a carrion?
Chance a shaper belt into an HH, then double corrupt it. Now that would make a good clip.
The three numbers are grouped by master first and then tier. From top to bottom, the five masters are einhar (beasts for beast recipes), alva (incursions for temple rooms), niko (sulphite for delving), Jun (syndicate encounters for safehouses), and Zana (Zana mission for atlas completion, synthesis bosses, unique maps, elder and shaper maps, and to refresh her map inventory). The three numbers are the master missions you have available for each tier of map. White are map tiers 1-5. Yellow are 6-10. Red are 11-16.
Fixed. That’s what I meant.
Actually, you bring up a good point. There is no such thing as an ilvl shaper belt, because they don’t drop before maps. 68 is the minimum ilvl, but that doesn’t help anything, because the whole point of ilvl 40 (up to 44 after which you start increasing the pool) was was to reduce the pool of possible uniques when chancing. BUT we have awakener orbs now. So, maybe you could transfer a shaper mod onto an ilvl 40 leather belt and perhaps create one. (I believe awakener orbs keep the targets ilvl)
“Useless” Proceeds to cut off multiple “limbs” worth of rolled up material. That word doesn’t mean what you think it means.
Yup. You can scour. I said up to 44, meaning “not including”. 44 adds four more belts.
Does each digit have an equal chance of appearing? Do you have to take the nixie tube’s design into account?
Tane’s Laboratory is woefully underutilized.
NS filter. Trade website. Ninja for prices and popular builds. Poe lab when I need it. I tried dabbling in trade macro, but by the time I understood how it works and when I could trust their listed price, I was able to price things on my own.
I prefer one quad tab. When it’s full. I do these searches and out things in their place: - veiled - unique - rare - card - essence - splinter - map (I actually don’t out maps in here, but this is for fragments tab) - jewel - gem The rest is currency. A full quad takes me five to ten minutes to empty and about twenty maps to fill. I do mind a brief break between maps.
I was more of a Destruction Derby fan myself. But yes, I killed at this game too.
This has to be fake.
Do they not get that all of human knowledge is accessible through the internet? Do people stop learning or being curious? How do you NOT use the internet all day and night?
Do you have an air cooled gpu vertically mounted? Isn’t that a sin?
I think pokemon is utter drivel. It was built as a children’s version of a jrpg and hasn’t changed much since then. I literally cannot play more than ten minutes of it without falling asleep. Nothing bores me more.
“Loop 1” “Loop 2” “Check” “Shit” “Fuck” “Fuuuuck” “Fuchkkjgghkjff”
As great as that looks, the problem with these sims is always the collision damage. You hit a brick wall and it’ll stop dead. Then you can reverse and start driving around again like nothing happened.
5 ways is the fastest, but it’s not really feasible since legion. The amount of money over pures you’d have to pay make it a stupid proposition. But in Legion? 5ways by a long shot.
The amount of telemetry data win 10 collects is insane. I’m about to switch and I’m guessing I’ll have to spend a good week gutting that fucking thing.
I have tried a few distros. Mint and some other gaming centric ones. But even with Steam’s efforts in Proton, it still doesn’t have support for my favorite game (path of exile), which is a non-starter for me.
When you’re starting out, the best thing to do is use PoE.ninja builds. Plug in the skills and uniques you intend to use and then look at the distribution of ascendancies. Next, try to understand why they went with those ascendancies. To answer your question, occultist for cold or chaos dot builds and ES tankiness (CI or LL). Elementalist for ailments, heralds and golems.
If it’s one of the three E’s, quality to 20% and equip in a weapon with the craft “quality of socketed gems”. Regardless, just playing. Breachstones rotas Witt perandus signets if you’re really determined.
Enchant and sell. Might get lucky.
It’s a clunky method that involves wine (ok, that’s normal) but also only supports DX 9 or something (might’ve been because my gpu was cheap and weird and unsupported). I can try again though.
3950x and 2070 super brother.
If it makes you feel any better, this is my first complete rebuild in seven years. I have been (not so) quietly waiting for this moment a long time. :)
Check out Remember Me
Japan doesn’t believe in the internet. They’re still waiting for it to fade away.
I totally agree. That’s why I’m considering this whole rigamarole. Thanks for the heads up on the two drives; I will do just that.
They eventually had to tape his head up because his neck started hurting.
So did the Pitch Meeting guy single handedly create the “easy. Super easy. Barely an inconvenience. Tight!” Meme? Or does it originate elsewhere.
https://www.reddit.com/r/pathofexile/comments/eoo88v/comment/fefm948
lol karui shores
852
Sorry, no. I don’t want to have a get a new prescription of glasses because you want your hallway to be pitch black.
You skipped the best one of the entire franchise in terms of story. It wraps everything up while also leaving some play threads open.
Nanoleaf? What am I missing?
Literally nothing to do with computer science.
Still unpacking from a big move. I miss it. :(
“Mysterious face.”
Might &amp; Magic Clash if Heroes. One of the best and most original puzzle strategy games I ever played. 100%ed it on PC, DS, and 360. Fuck, I loved that game.
I was complaining about this in my guild and some ggg apologists were insisting that this atlas is amazing and blah blah blah. Nice to hear another voice back me up in many of the mistakes GGG has remade with this new atlas. Even just the small QoL stuff makes no sense and reeks of terrible design decisions. The new atlas is objectively bad. Sorry. My personal nominees for horrible game design award are: - not being able to see your current Sirus progress - no way to connect watchstone colors to their conquerors without rote memorization (there is currently no way to connect color to conqueror without seeing the watchstone drop). - maps can be hidden in your atlas and map tab even after completing them if you remove a watchstone from that region and don’t own any in your map tab. - the “hitbox” for manually socketing watchstones is way too small. - Ctrl+clicking watchstones should socket them into their respective altar, not going into your inventory - you can’t easily identify awakened maps on the atlas, and there’s no way to do it from the map stash tab. - while unique maps have a separate slot for their original, lower tier counterparts, there is no way to tell a map’s base tier without unsocketing watchstones. Etc. Etc.
Talk to Kirac and then Zana to make sure you don’t have any outstanding citadels. Unsocket a watchstone and run a white map. Change your hideout. Those are your options, judging from the anecdotal solutions on this sub.
You’re allowed to scam in this game. Nothing will happen to him.
Running as high tier maps as you can handle as fast as you can. If you need to drop a tier to go faster, do so. If you’re not trading or target crafting, then just playing is the best way to maximize profit.
PRAISE
I’m so happy you made it out to exilecon. I know that was a sacrifice on your part, but it wouldn’t have been the same without you. Now get back to your glorious posting.
Stop playing fpses like a 12 year old.
Spoiler alert: PoE is a math heavy game. People are generally math challenged.
This actively works against scammers, so GGG can’t do it.
As someone playing the cheaper CI variant of this build, Gratz and I hate you. My occ is still squishy but I managed 36/40. I killed A8 Sirus deathless once and then wiped all portals the second time. I can’t remember what I changed gear wise. Oh well.
Scamming, the real end game.
Basically all Japanese games.
We missed you.
I assume you’re getting downvoted cause of the dosage. Is that wet or dry?! Edit: good ole Reddit stoicism.
Kids. Plural.
When you love your craft but have zero artistic sense.
While cuda is king, nvidia will have no real competition.
Do we get a message for completing awakening bonus yet? I hate having zero feedback while completing all the awakening bonuses.
Remember hanging out between the train cars? Or smoking in the last car? How about the knife fights?! Good times.
Can I make a good flicker strike build like this that can handle T16 on a 3ex budget? Also, how do you loot as flicker strike?
New title: “why stage acting doesn’t translate to film”
Over the telephone.
Censor this: 动态网自由门 天安門 天安门 法輪功 李洪志 Free Tibet 六四天安門事件 The Tiananmen Square protests of 1989 天安門大屠殺 The Tiananmen Square Massacre 反右派鬥爭 The Anti-Rightist Struggle 大躍進政策 The Great Leap Forward 文化大革命 The Great Proletarian Cultural Revolution 人權 Human Rights 民運 Democratization 自由 Freedom 獨立 Independence 多黨制 Multi-party system 台灣 臺灣 Taiwan Formosa 中華民國 Republic of China 西藏 土伯特 唐古特 Tibet 達賴喇嘛 Dalai Lama 法輪功 Falun Dafa 新疆維吾爾自治區 The Xinjiang Uyghur Autonomous Region 諾貝爾和平獎 Nobel Peace Prize 劉暁波 Liu Xiaobo 民主 言論 思想 反共 反革命 抗議 運動 騷亂 暴亂 騷擾 擾亂 抗暴 平反 維權 示威游行 李洪志 法輪大法 大法弟子 強制斷種 強制堕胎 民族淨化 人體實驗 肅清 胡耀邦 趙紫陽 魏京生 王丹 還政於民 和平演變 激流中國 北京之春 大紀元時報 九評論共産黨 獨裁 專制 壓制 統一 監視 鎮壓 迫害 侵略 掠奪 破壞 拷問 屠殺 活摘器官 誘拐 買賣人口 遊進 走私 毒品 賣淫 春畫 賭博 六合彩 天安門 天安门 法輪功 李洪志 Winnie the Pooh 劉曉波动态网自由门
Imagine playing games off an HDD in 2020. And if you try to bring up cost, I call bullshit. Buy a cheap ass 100GB SSD and install your FOTM there. I know you can, because I did that for awhile.
Lol stadia
I disagree. They are pretty insane, but the price and xp barrier required to unlock those extra perks are so steep in and of itself that I chose to just wait for the new league rather than burn myself out on farming just for gems sake. Mind you, I did all 200% of the atlas and multiple A8 Siruses and had two awakened gems drop.
What’s up. Looking forward to seeing what direction this sub goes in.
I have a masters in CS. This is hands down the worst representation of logic gates I have ever seen lol. Fuck. I’ll keep watching it.
Because NZ did a great job with it. Credit where credit is due. But no one compares it to Taiwan. It’s not even the same league. They’re basically the teacher, NZ is the top student and the rest of the world is studying to get by. America is in the back smelling it’s own fingers.
Hey China: 动态网自由门 天安門 天安门 法輪功 李洪志 Free Tibet 六四天安門事件 The Tiananmen Square protests of 1989 天安門大屠殺 The Tiananmen Square Massacre 反右派鬥爭 The Anti-Rightist Struggle 大躍進政策 The Great Leap Forward 文化大革命 The Great Proletarian Cultural Revolution 人權 Human Rights 民運 Democratization 自由 Freedom 獨立 Independence 多黨制 Multi-party system 台灣 臺灣 Taiwan Formosa 中華民國 Republic of China 西藏 土伯特 唐古特 Tibet 達賴喇嘛 Dalai Lama 法輪功 Falun Dafa 新疆維吾爾自治區 The Xinjiang Uyghur Autonomous Region 諾貝爾和平獎 Nobel Peace Prize 劉暁波 Liu Xiaobo 民主 言論 思想 反共 反革命 抗議 運動 騷亂 暴亂 騷擾 擾亂 抗暴 平反 維權 示威游行 李洪志 法輪大法 大法弟子 強制斷種 強制堕胎 民族淨化 人體實驗 肅清 胡耀邦 趙紫陽 魏京生 王丹 還政於民 和平演變 激流中國 北京之春 大紀元時報 九評論共産黨 獨裁 專制 壓制 統一 監視 鎮壓 迫害 侵略 掠奪 破壞 拷問 屠殺 活摘器官 誘拐 買賣人口 遊進 走私 毒品 賣淫 春畫 賭博 六合彩 天安門 天安门 法輪功 李洪志 Winnie the Pooh 劉曉波动态网自由门
First five pages: turn on your computer, wait, grab a coffee, so this one time... Skip five pages out of frustration. Next five pages: now discorruborate the pilon driver to negate the processorification of the cpu valves...
Block.
I’m obsessed with this exact notion. We’ve basically invented time travel.
I was literally just thinking the same thing yesterday. Someone directed me to this post. I'm fucking doing this.
I CaN’t ReAd yOur TitLe!?!
What? You can’t block screenshots on a PC.
Factorio Wayward
Yes. There are different kinds of players. And it’s up to each of us to know which conversations we should be a part of.
This is NOT a rogue lite. It’s infinitely better. It’s more of a puzzle choose your own adventure where you explore this kingdom to try and discover 100 different endings. INSTANT BUY.
And then you got hit.
People are going to use this to mitigate degen affects in a slew of scenarios, until they get tapped by one projectile, lose all that regen, get deleted and wonder why (it was all the degens). Oh yeah, I equipped a fragile bloom instead of vendoring it. Fuck me right? You either scale regen or mitigate the degen or both. But this? Idk. POB regen warriors? Lol.
Is molten strike still name locked? Fuck molten strike.
This is a very, very special person.
Super meat boy 100% when?
I imagine an Internet I can enjoy in real time. Why the FUCK are we imposing voluntary slowdown on ourselves? What is this? 14k dialup?
You didn’t know where you were going, but you knew why you had to get there.
Make the number of notables random between two and five.
When does delirium end exactly?
👍
Oh, I can do all I need to in game. I hit 40/40 and cleared 154/154 of the atlas. Earned a mirror. And I started with a painful kinetic bolt build that died 200 times. I also work full time and am married. Never underestimate what you can do with two to three hours a night (more on weekends) for three months straight. But that first week before league is a nightmare.
Exactly this lol
/hideout
Reflect? YES That’s the only fucking map mod I need to see. GGG, please highlight that.
Path of exile is your number one choice here. It’s like the real sequel to diablo 2. It’s constantly improved and developed by the devs and every three months we get a new mechanic and balance changes. New league actually starts in six days. Perfect time to start.
Is there a better sub to discuss coronavirus, since this will ultimately get locked for being “political”?
This is obviously a tunnel from Quake. Who you foolin’?
What’s a Yui? Or are we expected to know this person.
It’s just occurred to me that this is the first time I’ve heard the verb ‘blurt’ used without the word ‘out’ after.
It was an IQ test. They’re just elitist intellectuals. They were testing common sense and critical thinking. If you failed, you might’ve lost your life. Glad I didn’t I paid attention to what the rest of world was doing (especially Taiwan and New Zealand) rather than listening to anything any American politician said.
If it wasn’t hard enough to find those random headhunters stored in old tabs, this is going to disappear hundreds of mirrors worth of gear. Oh well!
Well, you’re gonna have a bad time because English is derived from German, then French, Latin and Greek.
Harvest has three bosses that lead to... Me, still waiting to find aul once...
Noooooo!! Fuck!! And VD too?!
Both of my league starters are getting dumpstered and I’m going to 48 hours (- work - sleep - etc.) to come up with new ones. League has even started yet and I already feel fucked. (I hate brands, so that’s off the table, I’ve done Ed/c to death, toxic rain CA, summoners, etc. would’ve been my first vd necro or max block glad league start).
You play Ed/cont that’s how.
Lawl. Real slow. Good luck.
Unless you’re +5 rpm, don’t talk to me or my son. **/S**
!RemindMe 16 hours
Molten strike got namelocked in 3.7, the “melee rework” league. I couldn’t imagine playing it ever since then. I tried once and quit three strikes in. Fuck name locking.
Remember when the “melee rework” in 3.7? Everyone played cyclone. Remember the “2h rework” in 3.11? Everyone played not melee.
Was my favorite before the name lock. Then they nerfed the lab enchant. Then the jewel. Now they dumpstered the jewel. And this. “Melee” league.
America is dead.
This is America.
I play softcore and hcssf. They are different, but equally great games. They serve different purposes. I highly suggest everyone get good at both. You’ll be amazed that there is a second game hiding in PoE.
You were great to everyone around you at exilecon and generally a nice guy on stream as well. It’s normal for someone people not to like others. Don’t take it personally. Just keep being yourself and doing all the good things you do for this community. Definitely one of Poe’s pillars (along with all the rest: Chris, neon, bex, Mark, Mathil, ziggy, tarkecat, et al.).
I got tired of never seeing a mirror drop after 5000 hours. So I bought two.
So question: How much of your job has you doing exactly this? Are you on the air force’s payroll? Does this come up often? Like “hey, we need more shots of our planes on the horizon.” “I’m on it.”
Imagine buying intel in 2020.
StackOverflow taught me how to be a real developer. It taught me that if I want answers, I have to come up with them myself by reading docs, man pages, white papers and Apis.
lol have fun playing melee. Oh wait. Harvest is standard league. Fuck it. You can kill everything with anything.
VMS nerfed. Chad dead.
I wanna hang out with that dude.
Can’t you have your tonsils removed?
Talk to your parents. It was an expected procedure along with vaccines. There was that and getting your sinuses cleared. Any European after 60-70 should be able to tell you about it.
I think I’ll use the extra room to squeeze in a fourth T1 garden for each seed type. Max out the layout as such.
Everyone discussing a baby’s ability to close airways. This is infant is developing its implicit memory. It has very little sense about what’s happening around it. All it knows is every so often it goes to a loud smelly place and gets dropped four times it’s height into chlorinated liquid. Now go jump off a 24’ cliff into some water. Fun? Yes. Terrifying? Also yes. For a baby?
Perfect distraction. Just have your friend carry the drugs.
Learn this. Learn to bow with a flat back when you’re taking your shot. Your back and face should be almost level with the ball. Also learn to create a “V” or nook with your thumb for your cue to rest on top of. Don’t strangle the thing. You want just enough contact that it’s forced to slide straight with minimal impedance on its motion.
I think you meant 70. You can swap to anything at lvl 90.
Why big corporations are like a cancer.
It would be cool to see, but we already know there’s a direct correlation. What’s more interesting is how the rise of Red Box made matters worse.
If it’s so fun, why did you stop playing it already? Edit: non-English speakers downvoting me. He uses the past tense in the title. That implies he stopped playing, which he obviously didn’t.
Fucking christ. I was talking ABOUT Blockbuster. A top level comment refers to the original post. Watch the gif. It’s like a disease spreading and then dying.
I have a Masters in CS and Path of Exile. They took an equal amount of work.
Cancer, virus, plague are replaceable in this context. It’s not literal. Pedantic AF.
Cluster jewels are dead. If you buy/get two good ones, then maybe you can build around it. Best to just a leave them out of builds entirely.
Your reward for growing and harvesting a tier 4 seed is 100 map wait? Fuck me.
Omg. That’s a train and a car? I thought it was a staff on the ground and a cloud of smoke...
Every game I can think of. It’s harder for me to think of a game where the character goes through less. Tetris I guess. Katamari Damacy? Nope. Rolls up the entire world to save the universe or something. Mario? Fuck no. Gran Turismo. FIFA.
Am I the only one that just dump seeds into my dump tab? You don’t get enough per map to bother with the stash or the grove. And I’d rather dump into one tab rather than two stashes. And I’m saying this as someone who stacked his seed stash on top of his normal stash.
Vulkan is in beta. And it’s very much a beta. If your system can handle direct x11, then use it. For now, it’s better. And I say that with 32 cores.
Remove life mod using harvest and open a suffix for crafting. Could add ele Dmg or crit, or more crit, or attack speed on focus. Whatever.
/Subscribe
He says while benefiting from all American inventions.
Bots and tabs and seeds. What a league....
Can I do that and stay tanky? Got a pob?
Can I do that and stay tanky? Got a pob?
Completely agree. It’s flat out boring.
Name locked skills are deleted already. No need to do anything else.
Mineral Pool. Shrine.
CAN YOU SEARCH FOR BLIGHTED MAPS? NO?
Now pickle them!
Good. Message received Reddit and ggg? Harvest fucking sucks. Accept it. Your precious pearl of a game can release boring content. Accept it.
Reforge...
How? Which challenges did you skip? I can’t get the harvest challenges to work.
Harvest league in a SS.
And that’s exactly why it doesn’t blow uber elder out of the water.
Fake news. I don’t see a list of 20 different reforge crafts. Harvest league. So rewarding. You know what would help? More seeds for more reforges. That would be more rewarding. **/S**
You sang it wrong. You’re the BEST... AROUND! Nothing’sgonnaeverkeepyoudown. You’re the BEST!... AROUND!
[Click here to undo the damage (or cause a bit more thanks to the cameo)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YMvcCfs8mf8)
