Getting downvoted to oblivion for an unpopular opinion is democracy in action. Getting banned by the mod team is censorship.
Tich was ok for me in the hubs, but any zone where people were actually questing in during primetime had 200ms+ world lag.
Maybe something analogous to a dust mite to fill the role of the herbivore? Like packs of weird creatures eating the flaking, shed skin in otherwise healthy areas.
Natural selection. It's cultural. They actively cull the weak among them and train for war, as they are a martial culture.
IO is just a tool that works sort of like a resume so people get an idea on whether you are going to be dead weight or not. It isn't perfect, but it does a lot more to prove your competence than ilevel does. That said, you seem really hung up on your DPS epeen, and that's a bad sign. DPS is only a small part of the equation for high level mythics, and it doesn't matter what your DPS says after a burst phase if your damage is last because you spend the whole time corpse-running because you're peeling threat or standing in fire.
I honestly kind of enjoy them too, sort of. I enjoy the first one when it opens, don't hate the next 2 or 3 that I do, then I don't want to see Arathi again for a month, so the cycle is honestly kind of perfect in that regard. I just wish there was less RNG involved in getting the cosmetic rewards
&gt; You do realize the whole point of the playtest is to literally listen to their players.. No, the purpose of a playtest is to test a selection of rules. It doesn't beg the question of whether they should implement a 2nd edition, as the mere existence of the playtest means that is a forgone conclusion. The test itself is only getting feedback from those willing to make the switch, so it is a self-selecting group of players that they are "listening to". I'm not even bashing the system, as I have no strong opinions about it one way or the other. I do like parts of it, don't care for other parts, but overall it's moot because my group isn't interested so I am definitely not putting the effort in to convert the hundreds of pages of material I have created over the years for my campaign setting to 2e. What that means is that Paizo will no longer be getting cash for rulebooks out of me, or the 7 other people I play with. We're just one group of customers, but I know I am not the only person running a game for a group like mine, which means the simple act of releasing the new edition will shrink the customer base. They have to make that loss up by bringing in new players, or winning back lost players. For the first group, they will always be playing second fiddle to 5e because they have the Dungeons &amp; Dragons name attached. That leaves them with mostly needing to win back former pathfinder loyalists who left for 5e and other systems. Will 2e be good enough to win people back? For some folks, I am sure, but they're working against inertia, and the best case scenario that I can see so far is they end up catering to the niche of people who want a game like 5e, but with sightly more customization options, except they will always be a few years behind 5e in terms of printed options because they're the second game out of the gate catering to a similar crowd. I wish them all the luck in the world, but I think this may be a misstep on their part in terms of the future health of the company, and I am not excited enough about what I see in the most recent versions of the playtest to try and argue for it with my own group.
I definitly do hope they succeed, whether I switch or not. I don't wish them ill, and didn't take it as a direct personal insult that they released the playtest like some players, but aside from some things I like, on the whole, I don't see much in the playtest that makes me want to put the effort in to both win over the holdouts in my group, and convert all of the rules I have homebrewed for my setting to the new system. Had it been more of an iteration than an overhaul, I think they'd be in a better position.
&gt; But 2e is just better. Is it, though? From my own personal take on it, it splits the difference between 4e and 5e, with a dash of pathfinder tossed in for good measure. On the whole, I don't really see anything new that hasn't been done as good or better in another system, and I am not seeing the beauty in it that makes the sum greater than the parts. I'm willing to change my mind if you have some compelling evidence about what, specifically, is better about it that I am missing, but for now, I think I will stick with 5e if I want a fast / streamlined fantasy RPG, or remain with 1e if I want a deep, crunchy RPG. What is it about 2e that does one or both of these things better than what they are competing with?
&gt; Eh good riddance. And yeah I think it probably is insignificant as most of them will probably jump on the bandwagon when the full release comes out and everyone realizes that the system is just better than 1e. I'd be careful in assuming that considering that the entire PF customer base is the result of a bunch of D&amp;D players being unwilling to switch to 4e. That's what Paizo risks by willingly splitting their current customer base, carrying over a fraction of their current customers into the new system and leaving those unwilling to move on to 3rd parties. It's be kind of like if Playstation announced tomorrow that they're launching a completely new console to compete with Xbox based on a totally different control scheme using motion capture, except you can still buy bootleg playstations from other producers forever, and none of your old games work on the new playstation. No matter how good the new playstation is, it's at a major disadvantage because it is competing with itself, and Xbox. It can't just be better, it has to be so amazingly innovative and awesome as to make people forget the other options exist.
I do like the 3 action system. That, more than anything else, is what I would steal from it to port back into 1e. That said, it's not too far off of from what 5e has in terms of action economy, just more flexible. I like 2e's take on it more, but the whole system can't survive on just this change. I can see where you are coming from with the customization comments, but 5e benefits from having head start in terms of books in play, and a lot of the "customization" in 2e is what I would call a 'false choice'. They've scaled a lot of things back from 1e, and then hand a little of it back as various feats rather than just handing you the whole package. This may improve over time, but currently it doesn't hold a candle to 3.x Your optimization comments are where I think we diverge the most. While I understand where you are coming from for wanting concept characters to not be out-shined by optimized characters quite so much, the trade off is that the window between *optimized* and *everyone else* is much smaller in 2e. People who like to tweak for weird combos, or streamline their builds, or simply be absurdly good at some narrow niche won't enjoy these changes nearly as much as the people who like playing the wacky concepts, because you simply can't be *that* much better than Average Joe in most areas because of the much narrower field. I'd call that a push in terms of improvement, as there are definitely good and bad sides of that equation.
That's what I worry about. I give them a 25% chance for a slam dunk, a 25% chance that they end up pushing pathfinder into 'managed decline' and pivot towards focusing solely on miniatures and other things that serve other systems, and a 50% chance for a slow decline where they cede market share to some of the bigger 3rd party studios and cement themselves as a niche design company instead of a legitimate competitor to Hasbro for the fantasy RPG market.
&gt; Someone I spoke to recently compared playing Pathfinder to taking a law exam. Though the truth of that is debatable, there's a reason the entry bar of Pathfinder is so high, and in a lot of cases that prevents people from playing it. The problem is that 2e is not *that* much simpler than 1e. A lot of things are more streamlined, but there's still a whole lot of little fiddly bits. So if simple is what people want, 5e does that way better than any other fantasy RPG on the market. It's probably got the most robust, light-weight RPG system out there, and it's mathematically sound through all 20 levels of normal play. Unless 2e can boast something similar at the end of their development cycle, they're only going to end up 'splitting the baby', not creating a successor for 1e.
They're known as Compulsors, an elite arm of the Saeculorum Custodire, the militant arm of the Ecclesia Proelium of the New Roman Dominion that are tasked with the sacred duty of preventing the rise of another God King.
I don't disagree that there is a problem with death and dying in 1e (which is why I have houserules for it), but the clunky subsystem they have cooked up for 2e isn't a very elegant answer to the problem. It seems to be a symptom of their sudden love affair with scaling condition modifiers, and I hope they do manage to seriously chop down and homogenize those conditions before official launch. Edit: And I know what you mean about the searching thing. For my own house rule, you can search a 10x10 area as a full round action if you don't care about making noise or making a mess, or in 1 minute if you want to do so quietly and carefully.
The way I have fixed it is twofold. I've expanded negative hitpoints as a baseline (10 + con modifier + 1/2 character level) to give a bit of a buffer, and that works along with hero points as I have expanded on those a bit. Thematically for my setting, hero points are a representation of how certain individuals with powerful personalities or reputations can actually subtly affect the fabric of reality, so I have expanded the things that can be done with them. The normal 2 hero point 'cheat death' option is in play, and I have also added a cheaper 'turn the blade' 1 hero point option that converts a critical hit or sneak attack used against you into a normal hit. Together, that with the expanded negative hit point totals, has worked out well to make things not quite as deadly at higher levels when someone gets plastered and dropped into the negatives. I don't find the looming death thing to be that big of a deal, because even if it may take 10+ rounds for someone to bleed out, being immobile and bleeding on a battlefield when fireballs are flying and villains might put a blade to your throat usually ups the ante for my combats, rather than reducing the looming danger.
I agree. The intent with the change to negatives was to smooth things out a bit. That, along with the changes I made to healing, were intended to demphasize con just a bit so melee characters weren't quite so MAD, and to smooth out the differences at higher levels. Making hero points a key part of the game (instead of a tacked-on subsystem), and adding to what you could do with them, has been a hit with the group since I implemented them.
Not even then. Most of the time, the only jobs that reliably pay severance are those when the employee is under contract. Severance for laid off employees may be common in a few industries, but most just let you know when your last day is, and the closest thing to severance you might get is your vacation balance paid out.
It's mostly my RPG setting, but I have written a few stories based in the setting, and am kind of dabbling with a novel.
Magic in my setting is the result of alien physics that infected our reality. The force called magic is something like the observer effect on steroids, allowing people to use belief or intent to rewrite reality on a fundamental level. Most folks are only able to tap into this on a subconscious level as part of a population (meaning that urban legends and folk superstitions have a disturbing habit of coming true over time), but a few rare individuals are able to tap into this force consciously through discipline, dogma, or the intercession of "magical" beings.
That's cool. My world is also a sort of 'fantasy with scifi bones', but magic resulted from physical laws from another reality infecting and destabilizing our reality's physics.
&gt; If you’re worried, try researching your inspiration— the dances, the shamans, etc— and make sure not to portray them as mindless brutes or something. This. It's fine to take inspiration and pay homage to a real world culture, just try to avoid tropes that may stray into offensive territory (because let's be honest, a lot of the various common tropes for different cultures have some decidedly racist or ethnocentric undertones).
&gt; why string things along by sending an unwanted item instead? So they can provide a tracking number when they dispute Op's Paypal chargeback.
It's not even about two specific real world cultures being evil, it's just that people have a bad habit of using tropes that reference real world cultures in a decidedly negative way when creating their fantasy worlds. In other words, its not often as overt as someone creating an alternate earth where Mexico is led by drug-dealing Mayan priests that sacrifice kids to dark gods, but more just that the "exotic and evil slavers from across the sea" all seem to be vaguely Arabic with turbans and scimitars or the spiritual, but simple and primitive natives all look like extras from a Spaghetti Western. Any of those things can potentially be done well, but all risk falling prey to illustrating the author's ethnocentrism if they are overt or without nuance.
The people who got stuck left behind in the alternate earth? At this point, they're pretty much toast. For all intents and purposes, the minions of the outer dark have terraformed the planet to be inhospitable to most normal life. Some other enterprising souls may have been able to make it through one of the gates to another world that was under attack, and not quite as far gone, but they didn't otherwise have technology or access to magic significant enough to escape under their own power, so any remaining by this point in my history have been killed or changed.
**History of Darheim** The time before men arrived in Darheim is only half remembered. What is known is passed down in legend and song among the stout folk in Dwerboldahr. The stories they still tell of the Broken Time that followed the Sundering sing of how the dwarves and orcs were born of wombs of stone and steel beneath Kuldar’s Cauldron. The two races fought their way to the surface, and stood blinking together in the sunlight in a wild land filled with dragons and giants. For centuries the stout folk and the orcs spread across Darheim. They were bitter rivals, competing for land and resources, but they never forgot their shared origins. The dwarves claimed the hills and mountains (and the lands beneath them) and the orcs claimed the southern coasts and the vast plains and tundras to the west. Together they battled the giants and beasts that prowled the primordial wilderness, and clashed with the great dragons that nested in the wildest places, but eventually the age of dwarf and orc passed. What caused them to fall is unclear. Some stories blame it on the arrival of man, and certainly the orcs on the coast endured many bloody clashes with the men who landed on Darheim’s shores, but others claim that when the men first arrived they found a landscape dotted with ruins already empty and ancient where many of the old dwarven holds and orcish fortresses once stood. Others blame the fall of the dwarven kingdoms on the great dragon Sinderghast, and its mate, Jhorniddgar. The location of these two wyrm’s nest was Kuldar’s Cauldron, once the seat of the dwarven empire. Both certainly caused much destruction throughout the centuries of their reign of terror, but none of these explanations seem to explain the whole story. Modern scholars point at all of these things to explain their decline, a people weakened by infighting, faced with the predation of a pair of titanic dragons, and found at a point of weakness when men first settled. Whatever the case, the bulk of the orcish tribes eventually fled across the Southron sea and the dwarves retreated below Dwerboldahr to rebuild their strength. The history of men that followed is defined by three primary events, the rise and fall of Keldrasir, the Crown War that followed, and the Gardhill Accord that led to a lasting peace. In addition, the arrival of the elven host is said to have played a role in all of these events, though the breadth of their involvement, and what role they truly played, has only ever been rumor and speculation due to their secretive ways. **The First &amp; Last King** Keldrasir was a great chieftain and warlord who drew many other tribes under his banner in bloody conquest. His story would have likely ended there, leaving him as nothing more than a footnote in history had his wife, the first to take the title of Ravencrone, not recognized the potential in the strange, broken people that arrived one night in a blaze of fire upon the northern shores of his territory. She declared these alien people ‘alfar’, and encouraged her husband to bring them under his protection. In doing so, the people who would one day be called elves survived those first cold nights in an inhospitable land, and built their own society, never forgetting who first showed them hospitality. The fair folk proved to be adept at harnessing magic. Though it was alien to them when they first set foot in the lands of men, the fair folk turned their keen mids to it and coaxed wonders from the force unheard of by the mortal races. Unlike the shamans and sorcerers of man, they eschewed the intercession of patrons or the binding of spirits in favor of a rigorous approach to the craft that became wizardry. They were the first practitioners of the arcane on Darheim who plied their craft independant of the influence of the gods or the spirits of the wild. In return for Keldrasir’s hospitality, they shared a portion of what they learned with his people, and forged a great blade, called Ysvalg, as a symbol of friendship and token of their covenant. It was this blade that Keldrasir used to slay Sinderghast and drive the wounded Jhorniddgar away from his lands. This act cemented him as a hero destined for great things, and the other chieftains flocked to him. Within a decade of the beast’s death, following a bloody campaign, Keldrasir had united all of Darheim beneath his banner, and named himself King. **The Crown War** His dynasty did not last, however. It is rumored that Keldrasir was betrayed by one of his huskarls who killed him in his sleep, and having naught but an infant daughter to carry on his line, his wife took the girl and fled, and the jarls who owed him fealty fell to infighting in her absence. The Crown War that followed tore Darheim apart. Old feuds boiled over, brother fought brother, and the country burned. Eventually the elves of Aenarius managed to convince the nine most influential jarls to meet and discuss peace. The chieftains who attended had grown weary of war, and the Gardhill Accord was struck. They declared that the throne of Darheim would be left empty, the country was divided among them, and they founded the Council of Jarl’s to resolve future disputes. The elves were denied a spot on the council for the role they played in Keldrasir’s rise, but they agreed to mediate disputes among jarls in return for their boundaries being respected so long as they took no sides, and continued to provide the valuable quintessence they created to any jarl who paid. **The Lasting Peace** The age that followed was still full of conflict. Jarls occasionally went to war among themselves, but the council insured that no conflict boiled over to engulf the countryside again. The only major threat to that peace (aside from the current brewing conflict) was the Whitefork Rebellion, now thirty years passed. Herlov Halford Whitefork struck a match to a grudge festering over logging rights in the Deepwood, and broke from Gardhill Hold in favor of Rhostheim. War spilled over as the lines between the holds were redrawn, sparking a short, but bitter war between the two realms which culminated in a bloody engagement known as the Battle of Three Fork. Taking advantage of the conflict between Gardhill and Rhosteim, Ravencrone bannermen made their way through the Dragonspine, intending to sack the cathedral of the Twins at Gardhill, and claim the town’s fortress, while the Jarl was busy dealing with the upstarts in the west. In an unlikely turn of events, the warleader, Halford Whitefork put down his sword in defense of the faith of the Twins, and rode to the aid of the Jarl of Gardhill. Upon sight of the assembled Ravencrone forces, Crannel Silverblood wished to retreat and await reinforcements, but one of his bannermen, a young man named Torkyld, cursed him as a coward, slew him in single combat while his son watched, then led the assembled defenders out of their fortified position to attack the Ravencrone forces before they were able to regroup after their travel through the mountains. The battle was short, but bloody. Torkyld’s warriors suffered heavy losses, the berserker survived wounds that would have killed a lesser man. But he and his warriors managed to shatter the invading forces after riding to the aid of Whitefork. In the end, the lasting peace was restored. Gardhill and Rhostheim made peace, and Clan Ravencrone at Briarstone was placed under heavy sanctions for their violation of the accord. This festering grudge once again threatens to shatter the lasting peace with the current conflict brewing between Rhostheim, Gardhill, and the Raven Queen of Briarstone. Jarlkona Ravencrone has reclaimed Ysvalg, the blade of her ancestor, slaying the dragon Jhorniddgar in the process, and managed to circumvent the effects of the heavy trade sanctions placed upon Briarstone by making peace with the orcs of the Southron Sea and opening up a robust trade route with business interests in the Free Cities, filling her war chest to overflowing in the process. The drums of war beat once again in Darheim.
Gods in my setting work a bit different than some others, in that they aren't the source of divine power, but rather a byproduct of it. Divine magic is ultimately the same as all other magic in my setting, and is simply the subconscious manipulation of reality through strange quantum forces that have invaded our dimension from somewhere outside of it. Gods don't grant spells, so much as convince their followers that they are granting spells, and allow them to tap into the power they already have available through religious dogma. The kicker is that not even the gods are aware of this relationship, as they believe what their mortal followers believe because they most often come into being as a result of that faith. Which leads me to your question. Most of my deities resemble demigods, in that they are much lower in power than in some settings, regularly walk the mortal realms, and are busy killing each other. Children of the gods with mortals rarely manifest full godly powers unless the are acknowledged by the god's clergy. Then they may become empowered through the same force that the gods are, or even become a true god if fully incorporated into the dogma of the religion. Even normal mortals can be empowered in this way if their fame and renown crosses over into worship. The most recent example of this in current history are the so-called "Gods of Assam", a group of 5 minor deities who saved the Bright City from a terrible, otherworldly monster that rose from the depths of the sea. They were already great and well-know heroes, and when they battled the beast in full view of the fleeing population an managed to save the metropolis from destruction, their existing legend coupled with the awe inherent in their feat combined to tip the scale from hero-worship into true worship and they experienced a divine apotheosis and became new minor powers with their own cults.
It's social pressure and the standard legal system in most areas, along with independent vigilantism from other casters keen on keeping the average citizens from associating them with those who dabble in the black arts. However in the Dominion, the Ecclesia Proelium has a distinct order tasked with ferreting out those who practice heresy, diabolism, necromancy, and other proscribed magics--the inquisitors of the Saeculorum Custodire. Nothing strikes fear into the blackened heart of a warlock faster than to hear one of the black and gold clad Compulsors of the Custodire has caught their scent.
&gt; You have no issue with people refusing to integrate at all into their host country? The rainbow of various shades of tan, brown, and khaki skin tones at my family reunion tells me that Hispanic immigrants are more than willing to integrate into the host country. Judging by several of my new baby cousins, it looks like they've been integrating all night long.
A couple of dudes with a cell phone camera and an agenda shooting in a few random apartments doesn't really rise to the level of "evidence". [Guess the earth is flat.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=URZtFUcw3UU)
Eh, no one's really using either of the Dakotas.
What do you think happens when 'economic migrants' can't migrate to a functioning economy? As someone who is so fucking scared of crime, terrorism, and cartels, you might want to ponder that a bit.
The huskarls in the North probably lean towards idolized. They are the rough men and women who defend the hold from threats, and they deserve the glory they earn. There are bullies among them, and some who abuse their position, but the traditions of hearth and hospitality hold them to a standard of behavior that makes overt corruption indefensible in their society. Part of this is that there isn't really such a thing as 'peasants' in the north. Land belongs to men, men do not belong to the land. A freeman has less to fear from his lord's men than a peasant does, so long as his taxes are paid. In Naanshu, the samurai are agents of the shogunate class, and that means they are the masters that keep the shogun's slavebred in line. The human peasants often come to learn that these samurai often draw little distinction between human bondsmen and slavebred ratlings when on the business of the local daimyo. There are legends told of heroic samurai, like the story of Shukai and the Red Lotus, but the general consensus is that they are just that--stories--and that the reality is that samurai are just the hands that hold the master's whip. In the Dominion, there are no knights. All men are equal under the banner of Rome. No titles are hereditary (though privilege does have advantages), and anyone who is able may serve the Legion and rise through the ranks based on their merit. Some chaplains among the Ecclesia approach the prestige afforded the knights of old, but their place among the holy battalions of the priesthood is earned, and their glory belongs to themselves, and to Rome. For most of the people of Rome, the warrior-clerics of the Ecclesia are a shining example of their beloved Empire, but those who find themselves on the wrong side of a purge often have a different view of the Godslayers.
This. If the races don't feel interesting enough, you probably have too many. Less is more, when it means that the smaller number of options are more fleshed out and fully realized than the large pool of choices. If you have 40 different stat blocks, they inevitably end up feeling like different-sized humans in funny costumes. Better to have 5 or 6 fully fleshed out options, with interesting cultures and stories, than a ton of 'humans in monster suits'.
Others may reach a different conclusion, but that number was calculated by an anthropologist named John Moore. Note that the number is contested by others, and there would probably be some pretty significant drawbacks in terms of loss of diversity over the long term from trying to create a stable population from a seed that small (others have suggested a minimum of 10,000 - 40,000 to maintain reasonable genetic diversity), but 150 or so seems to be the minimum that is likely to be able to survive for multiple generations without a significant genetic deficit accumulating. I can't find the original source I read way back, [but here's an article that touches on some of the big points](https://www.popularmechanics.com/space/deep-space/a10369/how-many-people-does-it-take-to-colonize-another-star-system-16654747/).
10,000 is apparently the minimum cutoff to maintain maximum genetic diversity. With only 20 starting combinations, you wouldn't even make it several dozen generations before before you're basically breeding cousin to cousin across the entire population, and genetic drift won't happen fast enough to counteract the deficit that will accumulate. &gt; I'm not 100% but there must be a cutoff point where distant-cousin marriage isn't a genetic issue, if you reproduce with someone you share a great grandfather with then it's probably ok? That assumes that it's only the occasional isolated pairing. If you are only occasionally breeding with someone you shared a great grandfather with, that's not likely to cause an issue. If everyone in the same gene pool shares multiple ancestors, you rapidly end up with homogenization of genetic traits and an accumulation of recessive traits. Think of it this way: Start with 20 pots of distinctly colored paint. Pour half each of two colors into new pots and you get a bunch of new and beautiful colors. Keep doing it, and the number of new and beautiful shades will increase, but once you get 5 or 6 generations in, those colors will begin to converge and homogenize. A dozen generations in, and all the newest pots are the same muddy grey. By the time that happens, all you need is a single genetic disease or outside pathogen to wipe out the whole population.
Minimum viable population varies by species. The number is based on the minimum number of individuals needed for a population to survive a set about of time into the future (usually calculated at 100 or 1000 years). Note that 50 is not enough to avoid inbreeding for any species, even if it is enough for a population to survive. 500-1000 is the average MVP needed for most complex terrestrial species for simple survival, and that number jumps to 4000+ when inbreeding is taken into consideration. If maintaining genetic diversity is taken into consideration, it will jump by another order of magnitude.
The alfar of the bright city are split into two great houses, and they share rulership between the two of them. The chairman of the Orbaan rules in time of peace, and the head of the Dokkar house rules in times of war. Only the Orbaan chairman can declare war, and only the Dokkar chairman can end it. Though not truly a triumvirate, the dwarves also have a somewhat novel approach to governance. There are 5 great clans, and the patriarch or matriarch of each sits on the council. One among them rules as queen or king, and when they pass, the crown passes on to the next clan in line, rather than their own heirs, in a process they call the turning of the wheel. In practice they share leadership among the clans, though the current king is always the deciding vote and exercises veto power.
In my setting there is something called 'Discord' that is a sort of spiritual cancer that can take root in those who delve too deep into forbidden magics or become exposed to places corrupted by the forces of the Outer Dark for too long. **Discord Progression in Creatures** * **Disharmony** - Nights filled with strange dreams and nightmares. Mental changes begin. * **Bedlam** - Physical changes begin. A second pupil may appear in the being’s eyes, their tongues may lengthen and gain strange nodules or spines, they may gain or lose digits, and strange patches of discolored skin may appear on their body. Their nightmares become waking, leading to flashes of madness and wisdom. * **Corruption** - Physical changes become difficult to conceal. Gibbering mouths may split open on the person’s body that occasionally give voice to alien words or dire prophecy, vestigial limbs may sprout from odd locations on the body, the fleshy portions of their bodies may shrivel up and fall off as their bones twist and warp, or other more terrible changes appear. Thoughts become alien. Loyalties shift and gain the ability to decipher Dark Script. * **Apotheosis** - Physical changes complete. They no longer resemble their mortal selves, and become beings of the void intent on working the will of the dread masters of the Outer Dark on the world.
It depends on the infected, but in general, *discord* is essentially a memetic virus. The *dreaming* is the subconscious byproduct of the creative force mortals call magic, and this elsewhere protects creation by forming a buffer between the universe and the void that is renewed through the dreams, faith, and desires of the beings occupying the mortal realm. Those infected with discord still dream, and still impact the dreaming as a result, but their thoughts and desires are tainted by the will of the great old ones, causing a weakening of the dreaming and creating a pathway through which the will of the void can pass and further infect the mortal realm. They assist them by spreading this memetic virus however they are capable of. Those capable of magic are the individuals most adept at affecting the dreaming, so much of the effort of the agents of the void is focused on creating cults dedicated to their patrons, or sharing rituals or thaumaturgical rites infected with discord. For those less capable, they might spread discord simply by commiting atrocities or shouting their mad thoughts on street-corners. Inevitably, those sensitive enough to this taint will catch a snippet or phrase in the mad ramblings or terrible sights left by these wretches and that glimpse of the void will that take root in the back of their mind and fester. They might eventually be compelled to seek out more information about the nature of that niggling thought, and if they don't resist the pull of the void, that seed might germinate to begin the cycle anew. If enough people in a given region fall under the sway of *discord*, so does the land around them, and the infection spreads. If it isn't purged, a tipping point may eventually be reaches, the dreaming falls out of homeostasis and the great old ones reach through, and a universe might fall to the void.
The elves of my setting don't quite match up with the traditional elvish features, namely the sharply pointed ears. Rather, they mainly look like stylized and idealized humans, being tall and lean with pale skin that bronzes rather than tans. Their ears are slightly elongated and capable of limited movement to track sound, but otherwise mostly human-looking. They definitly look exotic compared to humanity, but most of their features are in the realm of "humanity+". The reason being, of course, that they are humans, just from the far future compared to most of the rest of the human populations on the planet. Their physical features and immortality is the result of gene therapy. When the "elves" crashed down in the remains of their space ship to find a world shattered and re-written compared to the one they left behind, they accepted and capitalized on the "alfar" label that the primitives bestowed on them when a group of northmen watched their ship crash down to earth and found a bunch of beautiful, otherworldly beings huddled on a beach.
There are a few sex-based quirks here and there in my world, but one culture of note when it comes to sex is the summer orcs. Through a quirk of genetics, females are comparatively rare (about 1 in 12 births results in a female). As a result, the clans are matrilineal, and they rule orcish society. Due to the extreme imbalance in the sexes, most pair-bonding or romantic relationships are same sex for both male and female orcs, and the relationships between the sexes tends to range from casual, to purely procreative. Females select prospective breeding partners, the male does his duty, and then they part ways.
It's in recognition of all of the forgotten gods and minor powers who have shrines within the park called the Great Shrine. They don't have enough followers within Assam to be able to support their own temples, hence 'little gods'. The festival is essentially a superstition that exists as a hedge against allowing the various minor powers becoming too insulted by being wholly forgotten, as many of the altars within the great shrine have no regular visitors, so offerings made during the festival are collected to provide for caretakers throughout the rest of the year so the various shrines within the park can be maintained.
**Major Sects &amp; Cults of the Empire and Free Cities** **Ancestor Worship and Animism:** The most common religion of the people of the empire is animism. They believe all things contain a spiritual essence known as kami that must be respected. In addition they believe their ancestors linger on after death to watch over their descendent and the honor of their families. They hold tradition and personal honor in high regard, because to dishonor oneself is to bring shame on one's family and anger one's ancestors. They believe in heaven and hell as an abstract concept, but many believe that it is essentially the same place and only one's experiences and character determine whether it is paradise or punishment. In addition they both fear and revere the creatures known as Yokai, which has evolved to mean anything that is “of the spirit”. The line between yokai and kami is a blurry one, and many folk believe that yokai are kami who have “woken up” because they were angered, forgotten, or bored. The animist faith of the empire is very welcoming of foreign gods. It is easy for them to accept other powers simply as great kami from foreign lands, paying them respect when appropriate as long as the god's worshippers does not seek to undermine the balance of the celestial court. It is this reason that Ryūketsu no Kami is rapidly becoming viewed as an antagonist to many animists, some going so far as to label him “Akuma-Shi” or “Great Deceiver”. **The Gurus of the Blue Tower, “The Tranquil Path”:** An ascetic movement that ostensibly rules Assam. They meditate on the principle of equality of all intelligent life and rejects discrimination on the basis of caste, creed, and gender. Gurus preach that all life is connected within the spirit, that each living thing is merely a face of the universe given brief time to know itself, and therefore harm to one is harm to all. Due to their belief in interconnectedness they do not eat the flesh of creatures with fur or feather, though they are not strict vegetarians as they take eggs, cheese, and those creatures pulled from the sea as part of their diet. Dairy cattle, bees, and fowl in particular are held in regard and well cared for as creatures who give of themselves to nourish others are seen as sacred. While their lofty goals are admirable and good, they are not immune to corruption and their refusal to involve themselves with the economy and much of the day to day business within Assam mean that the iron collars of slavery are replaced with bonds of gold as mercantilism has become firmly intertwined with the movement. However even the most wealthy adherent to the path of the blue tower gives richly to charity or else is shamed by his peers. **The Children of the Bloody God:** Ryūketsu no Kami is also known as the Bloody God,the Red Daimyo, the One God, and the King in Iron within Assam. Originally founded by a group of missionaries from the north, the faith has evolved in the decades since. The militant arm of their faith is known as The Brotherhood of Steel, and they take an active role in both policing neighborhoods that the church is strongest within as well as addressing bandits and pirates that ply their trade along the trade routes in a bid to generate goodwill for their faith. Actions like these have caused the cult to become influential within the free cities recently, particularly among the lower class. The Blue Tower is watching the cult closely as their rhetoric seems to grow more fiery with each passing year, but they have thus far adhered to the Three Rules. Lao Tso possesses the largest concentration of worship within the Empire, and the Shogun of Lao Tso has taken the Red Daimyo as his personal god. Lord of the sun, moon, and all things between as claimed by his followers, the ties of blood and family feature heavily into the teachings of the bloody god. Followers owe their loyalty first to the family of their birth, and second to the greater family of the faithful, and above all the One God who is seen as the father of all creation. In addition to the importance they place on bonds of blood, the heart of their teachings concern the Nine Noble Virtues: courage, truth, honor, fidelity, discipline, hospitality, self-reliance, industriousness, and perseverance. Though the philosophy includes submission to one's rightful ruler, it also holds that slavery is immoral and that men should follow leaders who earn their loyalty and have proven their right to rule by living the virtues. Indeed, it is said each man must choose damnation or salvation of his own free will and prove it through deeds. The red god accepts no deathbed converts. One of the most prominent of converts, the Shogun of Lao Tso, has not yet made move to outlaw slavery in his own lands, but as the faith spreads among the common folk and slaves alike, whispers say it will not be long before he does outlaw the keeping of slaves within his lands once his influence is great enough to quell the objections of the landholders beholden to him. When that happens it will likely lead to the intervention of those outside the province and possible civil war within the empire. With the current unrest caused by Tukki’s Rebellion, the Empire may not survive. The Lord in Iron is a vengeful and jealous god that does not acknowledge the divinity of other faiths and his followers preach that all other kami and yokai are demons to be purged rather than worshiped. They exterminate free yokai where they are found, and hold particular hatred for Yokai Binders and others who truck with spirits. “By word or sword” is a common saying among the priests when speaking of their intent to spread the true faith, and this point puts them in conflict with Assam's inclusive culture and their value of equality (which they happily extend to other gods) which has lead to them swiftly earning enemies. Assam is too large and too integrated for such behavior to be tolerated, but it is well known that if the cult were to somehow become the majority with Assam that they would waste no time in stamping out the worship of other gods, both benevolent and dark. Unfortunately for the powers that be within Assam, the faith is rapidly gaining converts among the dispossessed of Assam. They say no man starves at the One God's table, but neither is an idle man tolerated. Their strict hierarchy has served them well in helping them minister to the city’s poor more efficiently than the Good Works of the Blue Tower, but they only extend their charity to followers. Once those converted poor without livelihood are clothed and sheltered the red priests waste no time putting them to work as missionaries or with one of several business interests the church controls in the city, causing their influence to grow by the day. **Hokkar, the Lord of Plenty** is the God of Thirst, Plenty, and Pleasure. His worship often goes hand in hand with that of Aabharana, and her Holy Harlots are a common sight at most of his temples. The Holy House of Hokkar is a sort of gentleman's club for many of the movers and shakers in Assam as they meet behind closed doors to enjoy the pleasures of the holy harlots and deal in business best kept from the common folk on the streets. Though what goes on behind closed doors can only be speculated about (rumors of ritual orgies and opium dens) they have strictly adhered to the Three Rules of Harmony in all public dealings. Hokkar's temple is popular with adventurers both for the pleasures they can find within, and the mercenary nature of their holy men who are willing to heal any ill or shatter any curse without question so long as their services are richly paid with gold or favors. Hokkar priests, like their patron, are given to both mirth and excess, but often plagued with vice. “Too much is never enough” is a true proverb among the Halls of Hokkar, as his servants chase ever greater debauchery to combat an increasingly jaded outlook. In addition to over indulging in the pleasures of fine food and drink; drug addiction, carnal acts, and sadomasochism are common pursuits of Hokkar's faithful. The more taboo and costly the source of a given pleasure, the more holy it is seen as a sacrament. These portions of their teachings are the source of constant rumors of acts which would violate the Three Rules of Harmony in Assam if the rumors are true.
Logging rights. A dispute over lumber on the borders of Rhostheim and Gardhill led to 'Whitefork's Rebellion' when one lord defected to another hold. Lines were drawn, the two kingdoms went to war, and feuds from neighboring kingdoms began boiling over until the Jarl of Briarstone decided to use the war as a detraction in an attempt to lay siege on Gardhill's capital by sneaking his army through the mountains. It ended in a pretty ugly three-way battle, the Jarl of Rhosteim was deposed by one of his lords, and the newly crowned Jarl joined with the ruler of Gardhill to beat back the forces of Briarstone. The result was a defeat for Briarstone, a tentative alliance between Rhostheim and Gardhill, and six decades of 'cold war' since.
**The Sundering** In the late 22nd century, mankind was experimenting with FTL travel and found a way to punch holes between dimensions. They spent a good while experimenting with atom-size punctures, testing, and re-testing, and finally found a null dimension they dubbed subspace that would allow them to break physical laws in a way that seemed to allow faster than light travel. They ramped up the size of the experiment in an attempt to punch a hole big enough for a ship to pass through, but found out to their detriment that null space wasn't as empty as they thought when something reached through from the other side. It started shredding the fabric of reality like cheap pantyhose, and they detonated an antimatter reactor in the breach in an attempt to close it. The result is they started a chain reaction that broke the laws of physics, made time go all funny, and sent their universe careening into several nearby alternate timelines. Somehow the world survived, but it doesn't really resemble the one from before the disaster, now magic is real, and the things beyond the universe in that null dimension are very aware of our presence.
**Dominion Slang** * **Cur** - Derogatory name for the ganthus. Referencing their quadrupedal build and subservience to Rome. * **Unclean** - Anyone marked by heresy, primarily used to refer to sorcerers and those with otherworldly bloodlines. * **Mully** - an adjective used to describe drox born without horns. Alternatively, it is used as an insult to describe any drox who has abandoned their tribal ways for Rome. * **Squirrel, Chipmunk, Weasel** - Derogatory terms for brevlings. * **Ra'Karak** - Roughly translates to 'sun eater'. Refers to Romans (specifically the military or clergy) in the common tongue of the Free People. Often shortened to just 'Karak' (eater). * **Maggots, Leeches, or Worm-fuckers** - Derogatory name for the talaxians.
It may be kosher for the roommate to charge Op $1200 if he is upfront about it, but he's probably overstepped if he stated they were splitting the rent 50/50 and then lied to Op about the actual price of rent. Per their agreement (according to Op), Op owed $900, and the roommate committed fraud to milk extra cash out of Op every month. It'd be no different than contracting a mechanic to fix your car for a flat rate + parts, and then having them misrepresent the price of the parts and pocketing the difference.
I have a few reptilian or lizard-like races in my setting. * **Khamek** - Simple hunter / gatherer folk who live among the southern jungles. They posses chameleon like abilities, are large and powerfully-built, but generally peaceful though they count themselves as bitter enemies of the talax. * **Nog** - Diminutive reptile-like folk with an industrious streak and a love of explosives. Though they did not invent gunpowder, they have been pioneers in crafting all manner of weapons and fireworks with it. * **Ganthus** - A species of intelligent quadrupeds that share both mammilian and reptilian traits that are native to the badlands of the southern Dominion. They use their nimble, prehensile tails to craft simple weapons and tools. * **Lizardfolk** - A created group of slavebred creatures crafted for heavy labor and war. Most resemble crocodile or monitors, though some are smaller and resemble arboreal lizards. They have a cruel streak, and tend to enjoy their role as enforcers for their owners. The other slavebred call them ‘maz-rashu’ which is loosely translated to ‘master’s lash’.
There is a definite Gunslinger / Dark Tower nervous system running through my setting, especially in the Dominion (Sheol might as well be the Mid-world wastelands), as well as some Conan the Barbarian, Cthulhu Mythos, and a little bit of a lot of other influences. There are also probably dozens of others that I have forgotten about. The entire premise of my world is being able to remix and combine my favorite fantasy / sci-fi tropes into a semi-coherent structure while being able to set everything from medieval high fantasy, Asian wuxia, weird west, horror, to post-apocalyptic types of campaigns in the same world.
I get it, and there's something to be said for stimulation, it's just that feeder fish tend to be particularly unhealthy due to the conditions they are kept in. If you want to live feed, I'd suggest feeder insects like roaches, earthworms, or even mice.
That's worse than what he was doing because of the logistics. An order has to be entered into the register to be sent to the kitchen and making change is difficult. You either try to do it outside the register, in which case you're keeping a wad of money in your pockets and customers, employees, and cameras all watch as you shuffle money between customers and your pockets, or you open the register to make change with an override, in which case you run up against a much smaller threshold for a red flag than issuing a refund. We tracked how many times registers were opened for non-transactions, and if it was too many more times than it takes to swap out tills between shifts, we investigated.
&gt; You are absolutely right; the government conspiracy people talk is about is impossible. 1000 stupid and petty tyrants all working on their own stupid and petty agendas from their offices and boardrooms might sometimes have the appearance of an organized conspiracy when the results of their venal plots are viewed from the outside, and we seek to make sense of the senselessness of it all.
&gt; How do you socialize your dog, though then? In a safe, controlled environment with other dogs (or owners) that are consenting to the socialization. It's fine to take a puppy out into public for initial socialization if you're doing it right, but once you have an aggressive adult dog on your hands, you're no longer "socializing" it, you're attempting to "rehabilitate" it. You don't engage in rehabilitation outside of a controlled environment. This is like sending a dude who's been convicted of a string of violent home invasions to an old folk's home for his community service. Even if you supervise him and put him in an ankle monitor, you might want to at least make sure everyone at the old folk's home is cool with him being there before you send him in to start mopping the floors. The reason Op is the asshole comes down to consent. He's choosing to add his aggressive dog to a public space without giving anyone else a choice in matter. His precautions are good, but he's still exposing others to risk they aren't consenting to.
&gt; You can’t sequester animals just because they’re kind of dicks. Except you can, because the dog lacks agency, and you control its environment. You don't have to keep it locked in a closet, but if it can't be trusted in public spaces, it shouldn't be in a public space. That might make it less convenient for Op, because they may have to go out of their way to either ercise it on their own property, or find a location away from other dogs to go, but that's Op's problem, and they're making it everyone else's problem instead. &gt; She took every precaution and Again, except the most important one. &gt; often the only way to get an animal over this kind of thing is repeated exposure to other animals. That’s why it’s suggested you take antisocial dogs to classes with other dogs, rather than individual classes. The difference between a public dog and a class, is one is a public space, and the other is a closed, controlled environment with a professional on staff. The latter is a safe environment to socialize a problem animal, the former is not. &gt; Yes, she’s unilaterally deciding but it’s not like she can take a poll and see who’s ok with it and who isn’t. The fact is her dog is her main concern and other dogs are secondary. As long as she’s doing her best to minimize risk she’s good in my opinion. And she has done her best. Except that the whole situation can be avoided by not placing her dog, and the other animals, in that situation to begin with. They can "do their best" by simply not doing it in the first place. &gt; From what OP has said the dog can be trusted not to hurt anyone in public, but makes other dogs feel uncomfortable. That kind of stuff needs to be gotten over via continued exposure I believe. At least that’s what’s been suggested to us by trained professionals. Continued exposure to other dogs so she can get used to their presence. The key to that is "continued exposure in a *safe and controlled environment*". What happens when Op's dog is off leash and running, and they don't notice the big pit bull getting let into the enclosure, then Op's dog goes "ballistic" (Op's words), sets the other dog off, and the bully charges and they tie up? &gt; I get the the other owners point of view, but he seems kind of entitled. He’s no more entitled to the use of the enclosure than OP is. Except he is if his dog is properly socialized and not dog-aggressive. If his dog can be trusted to abide by the social contract of the dog park, and Op's can't, he is definitely more entitled to use that public space than Op is. The same would go for a special needs child who lashed out at other children. I would sympathize with the child for not being able to play on the monkey bars at the park, but I would be seriously pissed at the parents for bringing him if as soon as I showed up with my kids, he charged them and started trying to bite them.
You're being intentionally obtuse. It's an easy concept to grasp if you actually want to. Public spaces come with an implicit social contract that includes being able to interact with the general public in a cordial or non-disruptive manner. I am a tax-paying citizen, and am entitled to go to the library, but if I show up and start shouting obscenities at the first graders in the kid's section, I'm going to be asked to leave. A dog park is for dogs to enjoy *together*. If Op's dog can't meet the basic requirement for a public space of "don't be a Dogbutt", they aren't entitled to enjoy that public space.
&gt; Aussie Cattledog That's 30 - 35 pounds of muscle and high energy. It can definitely do some damage. And it's not just about the damage that Op's dog can do. It's the snowball effect that one dog going "ballistic" in a park with other animals can cause. There's a difference between barking, and ballistic, and if Op's dog is throwing out actual "threat signals" to the other animals, that can provoke them when they wouldn't otherwise be prone to provocation from a few barks. So Op's muzzled dog may not be able to do damage, but when he sets off the 60 pound golden retriever who is now worried about this angry dog who may harm it's owner, he clicks into fight or flight mode, and that snowballs as other dogs run up to investigate and get triggered. It's a bad situation to put others into, and Op is placing others in that situation without their consent. That's what make's Op an asshole. That's not to say I don't sympathize with them, or that I don't understand that it is born out of a desire to enrich their dog's life, but it's still a bit shitty, even if it's coming from a place of love and not carelessness. I take my dog out to places where he doesn't encounter other animals, and he enjoys the heck out of it. His favorite spot is the beach, and we used to head out in the off season regularly when it was deserted and he'd play fetch and wade to his heart's content. Now that we're not near the coast, I tend to take him to a couple of local nature-walk spots where I never see anyone, and I can let him run it off and bark at roadrunners to his heart's content. He's well behaved, great with people, and comes when he's called, but he has always been highly dominant when it comes to other animals, and immediately puts himself between me and them in a defense posture if he sees them, and escalates the situation if they bark. As a result, I take extra precautions to control his environment and that means I avoid the local dog park for more remote locations, and I feel Op should do the same.
I'm done with this. You're not making an argument in good faith, so in this case, YTA.
&gt; Your dog is violent. OPs dog isn’t violent. You're making a lot of assumptions. Op muzzles his dog in public. That tells me they are at least a little bit concerned that the dog might be violent. My dog has never bitten another dog, never gotten into a fight, and never started one that wasn't instigated by another animal entering "his" space. From they way Op describes the incident, their dog is more "violent" than mine is, because theirs charged the fence while "going ballistic" while mine, in a similar situation, returned to me and waited to see what the other dog would do. &gt; It sounds to me like you were negligent in your precautions in your story. Knowing your dog could potentially be violent but not having a muzzle? That’s different then a dog that’s just loud and obnoxious but has a muzzle anyway. I had never previously seen dogs at that dog park, Op had by their own admission. My dog is also well trained enough to come to me, and respond to voice commands when other dogs are present, Op's apparently isn't. &gt; Again, I will repeat myself because you seem not to have fully read my post. OP is well within their right to use public spaces as long as all safety precautions have been taken, including but not limited to, using a muzzle, having a leash available, being in an enclosure, and going during off hours. OP said in a comment that the dog park often has fewer dogs than trails in the area. So I believe given all considerations the OP had taken all precautions. Again, except for the best possible precaution when it comes to aggressive dogs and dog parks, which is not take them there at all. A muzzle will only protect other dogs from Op's dog, but do nothing to protect Op's dog from them. And that's a key point you seem to be missing in this. Op's dog isn't the only threat in this situation. Having an aggressive dog at a park around other animals can cause other dogs to attack it, and then other owners (or Op) to get injured trying to break up the fight. If the only risk is Op's dog biting, and that could be 100% mitigated by the muzzle, I'd agree with you, but the risk doesn't end with Op's dog biting things. This is a risk to Op's dog, and other owners, due to an easily foreseeable chain of events that the dog's aggression can set in motion.
That relies on the other person hearing Op, understanding them, and then choosing to listen. One of the reasons why this may not work out in Op's favor is due to a personal experience of mine, as I outlined in another comment in this thread. You can't control other owners, or their dogs, you can only control your own choices, and in this case, Op is choosing to expose themselves, their dog, and other owners and their pets to unnecessary risk.
Feels before reals. People are too hung up on the way things should be, rather than the way they are.
&gt; What people are forgetting is that, while our dogs are super smart. At the end of the day, they are dogs. They only understand dog behavior. They don't understand human behavior innately, that's why we have to train them. I've tried to explain that's why you don't use negative reinforcement for potty training with my friend for this reason. If you punish the dog for going in the house, they have no idea why you're upset and just think you're schizophrenic unless you catch them in the act. And if you do catching them while they are going to the bathroom in the house, and punish them for it, you only end up teaching them not to let you see them go to the bathroom, so they tend to hide it or go when no one is around. Then actual potty training takes 10 times as long because they won't go while you're watching them on the end of a leash. Dogs are extremely intuitive and tuned in to people, and they want to please us, but they only make the simplest connections between their behavior and our reaction, and that can end up feeding a lot of negative behavior if you don't understand the connections yourself. Op taking this dog to the dog park is only further damaging their dog, and inflicting stress on everyone else's dog.
&gt; To be honest potty training isn't even hard It really isn't. It's 60% keeping them on a feeding / potty schedule, 30% positive reinforcement, and 10% "training". &gt; suggest your friend never owned a dog again That's a whole other conversation. Some people shouldn't own pets. &gt; Second of all to save this poor puppy inform them that potty training takes dedication you need to take your dog outside multiple times a day depending on their age so if they are one-month-old you take them out every hour on the hour if they are 2 months old every 2 hours. It's also about the seeing the signs, and knowing the triggers at young ages. Take them out every time the wake up, immediately after a 'play session', and after they eat, and you'll catch most of the "events" right there. Other than that, just keeping a regular schedule will get the straight pretty quickly. &gt; When you do take them outside keep them out there until they go potty, and when they do potty you give them a command. Colt's is "do your business" because I am a man, and I felt funny telling him to "go potty" after a certain age. ;-) At this point, he's well trained enough to punch me in the face if he needs to go during the night and I won't wake up, so when he does have a rare accident inside, I usually start worrying he's sick.
&gt; The only way to help train this behavior out is going to be through some exposure. Socializing a dog that doesn't like other dogs is a pain in the ass. It is a pain in the ass, which is why you don't try and socialize a reactive dog in a public location. You either take him to a class with a trainer who specializes in behavioral issues, or you organize this at home by bringing other dogs to them in a place they feel safe. Until Op can bring a random dog over without Dogbutt going ballistic, he shouldn't be bringing Dogbutt to public locations where other dogs are likely to be. What you're suggesting is the equivalent of taking someone who is afraid of heights skydiving against their will, and kicking them out of the plane, to help them 'get over it'. &gt; Also, they are allowed to bring their dog to dog accepted areas, that includes dog parks. I'm allowed to hop up on the table and shit in the casserole in the middle the dinner party I am hosting in my home, but that doesn't mean it's not a dick move.
Separation anxiety is rough, because it's hard to fix and so heart-wrenching to see. &gt; when you see your dog in distress over a situation that you can change or fix, but still put them into that situation with no thought, again and again, I have a hard time forgiving them. I agree. Dogs depend on us 100% for their environment, and seeing one who develops certain behaviors because of poor owners, and then seeing the dog punished for doing the things their owner inadvertently 'trained' them to do, sort of pisses me off. They're innocents that have been selectively bred to want to love and serve us unconditionally, and there's a certain level of responsibility that comes with that that makes you an asshole by default when you betray the covenant that they trust us with.
Yup. I know the dude was just rolling his eyes assuming I was someone afraid of pits, but he had no idea of the situation. [My dog was larger than the pit](https://imgur.com/TTDUghz), and 100% willing to defend me from the non-existent threat he represented, and has an impressive face full of knives to do it with. One or both of them would have ended up seriously injured, if not dead, if they tied up, but the dude was oblivious to the situation. Coincidentally, that photo linked above was taken earlier that day at said dog park.
Seems so.
The point is it's purely social, not an innate limitation due to age. People just get comfortable with routines. There's nothing stopping older folks from learning new technology other than a shitty attitude and anchoring bias. There's also definitely a common thread with boomers being the most obstinate generation to teach things to on average. I'm working in IT support now, and the folks I interact with from the greatest gen, and older folks in gen X, both tend to be more willing to listen to me, take advice, and ask questions than the average boomer. Boomers tend to have the worst combination of thinking they already know how to do things, and being unwilling to take direction, than anyone else.
Unfortunately, in this situation, she was the drunk. She wasn't driving, but had been out drinking with her new beau, and they got in a car and tried to drive home. Luckily they didn't hit any other vehicles, but she wasn't wearing a seat belt and didn't survive the accident. As for the dog, as awesome as he is, he's probably the last GSD we'll own. He's definitely the smartest dog we've ever owned, but that's a double-edged sword. Temperament-wise, he's great aside from the animal reactivity, but there's also other signs that there are issues with his bloodline that weren't disclosed to us when we were asking around, like an auto-immune issue. I do believe that we'll be back to danes after our foray into shepherds runs its course.
Yup. We're familiar with the breed, but they're the wife's favorite. We'll probably end up rescuing again once we have space for another dog.
and a ton of pserver players who won't abandon their progress and community for classic. Classic is way overhyped, and the people who think this will somehow be the second coming, and maintain millions of longterm players rather than ending up as a niche game with a tiny, but dedicated, playerbase 6 months after release are delusional. Most of the people currently hyping classic only *think* they want to play that version of WoW. In reality, what they actually want is to play any game with the people that made their time in classic fun way back when.
&gt; She can claim the write ups are all faked. She can claim it, but it all comes down to documentation. I wouldn't do *anything* about what's happened before today, but if you introduce a policy, have everyone sign "memos of understanding", and then apply that policy and back up every single infraction with a written coaching that goes in their file (and I do mean enforce the policy for *everyone*), then they're realistically covered. If you hand her a noose, and she ties it around her own neck, you're in the clear, but then if the tardiness is suddenly fixed because she gets scared onto the straight and narrow, Op may just be stuck with her. "Got fired after breaking up with the bosses son because I wasn't ready for sex" hits all the notes needed to get a lot of employment lawyers salivating and ready to take a case on contingency if you let her go without seriously covering your bases.
My main point is, strictly from a liability standpoint, you never ask a server to stay late and work on side work unless you pay minimum wage for the time after their serving shift. If he isn't getting his shit done during his normal shift, you hold him accountable for that, but you don't ask them to stay late unless you want a visit from the DoL or like paying wage theft settlements.
Yes and no. For something like this, the actual payout is likley to be low. Damages for wrongful termination of a part-time hostess probably isn't going to break low 5 figures unless it is *extremely* egregious, and they'll inevitably settle for closer to 4 figures. So unless it is a slam dunk, most lawyers won't bother taking the case.
Cops won't usually touch a tenancy issue without a court order because of the liability involved if they make a mistake on a judgement call. That goes double for jurisdictions with strong tenant protections. If the cops refuse to acknowledge the breaking an entering, and tell you to handle the issue as a civil landlord / tenant issue, what is the alternative? I somehow doubt that the RCMP is going to get involved, so that (by default) makes it a civil matter if the cops say it is. These assholes produced a lease, the cops have so far declined to open a criminal investigation for the alleged crimes, and now it's up to Op to challenge that lease through civil court. I get that this doesn't feel good, and that even when Op ultimately prevails it won't feel like justice, but that doesn't change the fact that taking the law into their own hands after the cops have already come and gone and given them an answer they didn't want is a *terrible* idea.
The distinction without a difference is that in Op's case, regardless of the reality of the situation, they're going to be forced to approach remediation through civil court. So while the distinction may be that the cops haven't actually converted this to a civil matter, that doesn't make a difference in the fact that they'll need a civil judge to dispute the claims of tenancy when the cops refuse to act.
Realistically, without an injury, this isn't going anywhere. People try scamming food and drinks by putting foreign objects into it themselves all of the time, so without Op being injured, no one is going to bother following up on this. They'll take a report and file it away and that will be that unless they get more reports, or have an injury to follow up on.
That's assuming Op actually ingested glass, and is injured by it. As I said, everything goes out the window if Op is actually injured, but up until that point, or Op otherwise incurs some sort of concrete damages, this isn't going anywhere. **edit**: And as a former restaurant manager, I am extremly skeptical of Op's story. It was a beer in a clear glass. That's a lot of glass, and big chunks. Unless Op was serioulsy, seriously drunk, I don't know how he didn't hear / feel it clinking around the bottom of the glass, notice it before he got to the last "half inch" of beer in the glass, or wouldn't notice it the second a piece hit his mouth / lips (considering the size of those chunks) since he was drinking something without ice. Which begs the question on how it got into the glass. Since there's no ice in the drink, the only way that much glass got into the pint was because someone put it in there intentionally. My first thought (in the manager's spot) would be Op was trying to scam their tab off me. My second thought would be to wonder what he did to piss off the bartender, and who I was going to have to fire and report to the cops that night. The story doesn't add up. Even taken at face value and giving Op the benefit, something is fishy.
They don't show height on those apps, however. So in a multi-floor apartment, even if it seemed to be in the same unit, it could actually be above or below the unit, which can offer a measure of plausible deniability to a shady Airbnb host.
And back in 1990 people thought cell phones were a fad and no one thought they'd replace landlines. We're in the giant brick car phone era of self driving cars right now. They'll roll out for commercial use first, then rich folks will have them, and 5-10 years later people will be wondering how they survived without being able to nap through their daily commute while their self-driving car chauffeured them around.
I doubt it will even take that long. I suspect a significant number of the folks who roll a toon on classic don't make it to lvl 20, let alone 60. The early game is such an unfun slog compared to the fast-paced style of modern wow, that the style of spamming one button until you're OOM and then auto-attacking to finish off mobs, and drinking or eating every other pull, is going to kill it long before the "fun" kicks in. There's so much over the top nostalgia at play in the classic wow circle jerk that it's hard to watch. My personal prediction is that they'll be doing good to have 5% of the initial player base actually make it to the point of participating in the endgame unless they roll out paid level boosts for classic. The classic diehards are already playing on private servers. After the initial buzz dies off, I suspect a lot of the diehards will return to their private servers and the progress they have established there, and the tourists will be long gone. There will inevitably be a small core of people playing it for as long as blizz keeps it going, and a bunch of people who dabble now and again, but I'm guessing that within a year of launch they merge down to just a handful of classic servers. These folks who are expecting the second coming are going to be sorely disappointed.
If you don't think the painful pace of early classic leveling is going to drive away hordes of players, you might want to take off a few pairs of those rose-colored glasses. The core WoW playerbase is now in their 30s instead of their teens, and they have jobs and lives outside of the game. Spending 45 minutes of their two hour play session on their ass eating / drinking, and another 45 minutes auto-attacking or waiting behind a line of players for the quest mobs to spawn is going to kill the game for a lot of people. The hype around classic is so far beyond the reality at this point that a lot of dreams are going to be crushed. Some folks are going to love it, but most are going to quickly come to a realization on why modern WoW has strayed so far from its classic roots pretty quickly. (Hint: it's because that's what the players wanted.) The mentality that "the game starts at endgame" is drilled into people at this point. It's a core bit of modern game design for these sorts of games. Taking 8-10 months IRL to get to 60 means that the vast majority of folks who roll a toon on classic won't get to 60, especially when so much of that time spent in game is spent doing things other than actively mashing buttons.
You forgot: &gt;The ADA requires that service animals be under the control of the handler at all times. If the dog is animal aggressive to the point of being incapable of being around other animals without issues, by definition, it is not in 'control' of the handler. Being able to freely mix with the outside world without incident is a key component of being a service dog. Any type of aggression automatically disqualifies an animal from service work with any reputable trainer. If the lady's dog was unable to be around other animals, I can virtually guarantee it was not an actual service dog trained to aid her disability, but rather an ESA, or something flying under that flag. Even if it was a "real" service dog trained by the owner herself, or someone without the necessary skills, and it displayed animal aggression, at that point, LAOP could ask the dog to be removed from the premesis regardless of the its status.
I don't use too many macros on my fury warrior, mostly just a few general mouseover macros for taunt, throw, and charge: #showtooltip charge /cast [@mouseover,exists,nodead,harm,][exists,nodead,harm] charge Other than that, I have my trinkets macro'd to recklesness #showtooltip recklessness /use 14 /use 13 /cast recklessness As far as rotation, there isn't really one as it's a priority system. The basics are just to use your rage builders to generate rage, and dump your rage into rampage before you cap it. When execute procs, that takes priority, and same goes during the execute phase. Other than that, when you're fighting multiple targets, just make sure every 3rd attack is whirlwind for the cleave, and make sure you have a charge of whirlwind left before you mash on rampage or execute for multitarget fights.
&gt; You can tell any carnivore by looking at their teeth. Their teeth are made up so that they can tear apart a living creature It's not just about the teeth. Their digestive tract is much shorter than a human's (or other omnivores), just like most other carnivores. Vegetable matter is difficult for dogs to break down which leads to a lack of nutritional uptake, and giant shits full of all the indigestible plant matter. It's technically possible for a dog to survive on vegan foods, but it would have to be highly processed to make nutrients available to their systems, and I doubt it's healthy long term. If (on the other hand) you're feeding them a bunch of fresh veg and expecting them to make a go of it, then you're just starving them with extra steps.
&gt; Dogs are omnivores They're carnivores. They just have a few adaptions for processing glucose from the partially digested stomach contents of ruminant prey animals that make it a little easier for them to digest vegetable matter than cats.
Yeah, and[ this dude](https://www.livescience.com/8224-indian-mystic-claims-eat-70-years.html) claims to have lived for 70 years without eating at all. Rice, lentils, and TVP are woefully incomplete for a dog's diet. It's totally lacking in vitamin D3, for example. Dogs don't produce that themselves like we do, instead relying wholly on their diet for that specific nutrient which is only found in meat and animal-based foods, and no dog is surviving to 27 without it. Same goes for Vitamin B12, creatine, and taurine. There's more to this story, either in a long list of artificial supplements that would make the diet significantly less "low cost", or the owner is simply full of shit. The owner is vegan and has a definite agenda. It's far too common for folks to bend the truth, or outright lie, when they are pushing an agenda they feel is their moral duty, or simply for attention or personal gain. "Oldest living dog is vegan" is a narrative that definitely raises enough eyebrows to sell some books, apparently, so I'm not especially convinced by the owner's uncorroborated testimonial.
Or maybe people who have a moral stance against killing animals for food shouldn't keep carnivores as pets.
Dogs are facultative carnivores, not omnivores. They can survive for some time on non-meat based diets, but getting them to thrive on such a diet requires some pretty hefty supplementation and food science magic to replace the required nutrients they need to thrive that are not naturally occurring in plants. And saying "wolves eat grain" makes it sound like you think they're out grazing like cattle. They aren't. What they do eat is the partially digested stomach contents of ruminant prey animals. Without the predigestion of those prey animals, they gain very little nutrition from those grains. So little, in fact, that they do eat raw grasses and grains specifically to flush parasites from their guts since the plant material passes through their systems in a mostly undigested state and carries the parasites with it. Dogs have a limited ability to metabolize some starches, which is what makes them faculative (scavenging) carnivores rather than obligate carnivores like cats. They are not capable of synthesizing all of the amino acids they need from plant-based proteins.
They need a host of supplementation to survive on a non-meat diet, so much that they're not considered to be true omnivores, but rather faculative carnivores. They *can* eat vegetable-based foods, they *must* eat meat absent some pretty extensive supplementation of nutrients not normally found in plant-based foods. The reason they're usually grouped as a carnivore, rather than a true omnivore, is because the reverse isn't true. They'll opportunistically eat non-meat foods, but don't require any specific nutrient that only has a vegetable source. That's why another name for faculative carnivore is 'scavenging' carnivore. Their ability to process grains came from their wolf ancestor's tendency to consume the gut contents of the ruminant prey animals they ate. Domestication has slightly expanded on their ability to process starches and other things that humans enjoy, but they still *require* several substances that do not naturally occur in vegetable sources, while the reverse isn't true (as it would be with most actual omnivores).
We're omnivores because we directly benefit from vegetable content in our diets. Without plant-based sources of Vitamin C, for example, we'd get scurvy since cooking meat tends to destroy it. We also have several different adaptations that allow us to extract a lot more calories from plants than dogs can thanks to our longer guts providing space for a gut microbiome capable of breaking down plant cells. Dogs don't really specifically benefit from vegetable foods. They can eat some, but they don't get the same nutritional return from it that they do from meat, or even prepared human foods. A dog that eats a bunch of broccoli is mostly just going to end up with an extra-clean colon as very little of that plant matter will be digested and most will just pass through their system. The same goes for starches. They can't get much from starches in their wild state, and instead rely on either human preperation of it to get some return, or on some level of predigestion and fermentation when they consume it as part of the offal of a prey animal. In addition to the B12, dogs require taurine to produce bile acid, and usually need creatine at levels that their body doesn't produce without dietary supplementation, and they aren't capable of synthesizing vitamin D through their skin as we do, requiring all of it from their diet. There are also a few other amino acids that aren't easily produced from plant-based protein that they benefit from, but B12, D3, and taurine are the big ones that you'll see negative health effects from quickly if there is a deficit.
Most of the supplements are produced as animal byproducts because it's the cheaper route. Plant-based alternatives exist for everything but D3, but I have no idea how they stack up in terms of environmental impact.
Meat-free planned diets from vets include meat-based supplements in most cases. They're not vegan because the goal isn't to be vegan, and that adds an additional level of complication above and beyond the other constraints. They also tend to be short term. What I mean by science magic is that feeding a dog a vegan diet requires more than simply cooking up some veggies in your kitchen if your intent is for them to thrive, rather than survive. It requires vegetable proteins that are hydrolyzed to convert them into a form the dogs can process, lab-synthesized supplements for compounds that don't otherwise occur in vegetables, and additional care taken in provide adequate fat / protein and avoiding excess carbohydrates. All the folks with Guinness did was take a few basic steps to verify the dog's age. They didn't concern themselves with the diet, that's 100% based on her anecdotes and nowhere near confirmed, and the explanation she's given in interviews for the diet is bullshit. No dog would survive 10 years on the diet she describes, let alone 20. One of the main concerns with vegan diets (especially homemade versions) is the food isn't as nutritionally dense compared to meat-based diets, so the animal has to consume more to get the level of proteins and fat it needs, and this often comes with additional filler. There have been no long term studies on the efficacy of vegan diets for dogs, and the few scientific studies that have been performed have raised some concerns. Several commercially available vegan dog foods don't contain a full range of necessary nutrients, and most have inadequate protein and fat content. The major brands (like Halo) are generally sufficient for maintenance of a relatively sedentary adult dog, but aren't properly formulated for active breeds, growing puppies, or other dogs with higher protein / fat requirements. The most nutritionally complete vegetarian dog foods are those on the market as prescribed therapeutic treatments, and the reason they're better is because they aren't vegan. They don't have animal protein for their primary ingredients, but contain several animal derived supplements because the goal of their formulations is the health of the animal and not satisfying the owner's moral stance.
Spoiler alert: Just because you're good at making cupcakes, doesn't mean you're good at running a business. That's the main reason why so many small businesses fail. Running a business usually requires a totally different skillset compared to whatever good or service the business is selling. The most crucial point for most small businesses is when they make the leap from the original owner / family / partners doing all the work, and bringing on actual employees. Small businesses tend to have great people, but shitty processes. When the business is super small, they can slide by because the owner's household essentially picks up the slack, but as volume grows beyond the point where that sort of seat of the pants tomfoolery becomes too much for the owner's household to absorb, it spills out onto other people, corners get cut, and they find out that having employees and infrastructure carries a lot of hidden costs that they never even conceived of when it was just two guys who made good cupcakes. At that point, they either invest money in sourcing someone with actual management ability, develop those skills themselves, or the business implodes.
&gt; If she cares about animal welfare why would she spread lies that would lead to dogs suffering? The motive makes no sense if she is doing it for vegan causes yet supposedly knows full well it would hurt animals. Spoiler alert: People are shitty, and being vegan doesn't mean you're not a shitty person. There are a hundred different motivations that might lead someone to lie about this sort of thing. Don't underestimate venal drives in people pushing an agenda. Maybe she's rationalizing away the potential consequences by thinking that spreading this story will get good publicity for her cause, maybe she just doesn't care about the consequences and just wants to soak up the attention, or maybe she's just motivated by money. Or maybe she's 100% sincere and only feeding her dogs this diet, but the dogs may be hunting and foraging on their own to supplement this food if they have access to the outside world. I don't know the whole story because there aren't anymore details beyond her self-reported explanations. I do know there is more to the story, however, because the explanation she has provided doesn't add up to a healthy dog.
The ingredients to a successful restaurant are deceptively simple. Pick a good location, have a good product, don't sacrifice the quality, take care of your customers and employees, and you'll be successful. The problem is that it seems simpler than it actually is so anyone capable of making a good burger with an entrepreneurial spirit thinks they can do it, and they jump into it without the right experience or research. A restaurant is actually two businesses, front of house and back of house, and they require two separate skill sets to manage. Everyone eats at restaurants, so they all think they know what to do to run one. The see the end product, and don't understand the behind the scenes work that goes into the processes they don't see, and learning those skills 'on the job' is expensive.
It doesn't even take a fancy menu. You can run a successful restaurant on the back of a single quality product. In fact, I'd suggest that budding restaurateurs keep their menu small and simple. Fewer dishes mean less waste, which means higher profit margins, and the smaller menu means you can focus on doing those select items perfectly, rather than having dozens of different mediocre offerings. You shouldn't approach your menu by trying to appeal to everyone. You should focus on getting everyone that wants what you have on your menu. Like don't try adding pizza at your burger restaurant to try and grab the folks in the mood for pizza. Work on getting your burgers to the level that everyone who wants a burger thinks of you first. Look at Micheline starred restaurants. Most have a tiny menu with a selection of rotating dishes based on seasonal ingredients. They don't have a phonebook-sized menu like you see at a lot of mom &amp; pop places. A great example of the less is more approach is one of my favorite restaurants in the area. They specialize in hand-stretched authentic Chinese noodles. They offer 3 different noodle styles that you can mix and match in 3 different soup bases, along with two styles of dumplings, and steamed buns on Tuesdays and Thursdays. There's a lot of overlap in ingredients between the various offerings, but they are combined differently with different flavors, and further customized by a few add ins. The place is packed, the food is always fresh and perfect, and they're doing well enough that they're beginning to add locations. Compare that to the restaurants that keep adding items because a customer requested something once, and they decided the shotgun approach would work. Ever order something off the menu at one of those places and see the server cringe? There's a reason.
Honestly, the popularity of the restaurant business is as old as human civilization. Ever since we settled down into villages, people have been opening up shop to serve food to folks who don't want to cook for themselves.
If this was any other state than California, they could fire him, even if the ADA applied, due to undue burden. It's not reasonable to expect a bakery owner to provide a hazmat suit to prevent the employee from coming into contact with aerosolized flour, and the employee was likely operating in bad faith by seeking the job at all. Since this is California, they will still be able to fire him, but there are some specific processes they need to follow to ward off a headache.
They've also never worked in a bakery. Everything is coated in a fine dusting of flour. If contact is enough to set them off, they're uniform would need to look [a bit like this](https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/51ZIbOF5eIL._UX385_.jpg) to just be in the building for any length of time.
Definitely acting in bad faith, if not actually stupid.
Not mentioning the condition during the interview reeks of bad faith on the employee's part. If the allergy is severe enough that he can't handle dough without breaking out, being allowed to work in a bakery (even with accommodations) is asking your employer to shoulder an untenable level of liability.
Celiac's is a digestive issue, a reaction from contact alone is a true allergy, not celiac's. Allergies can also be exacerbated from repeat exposures, and it is impossible to work in a bakery without exposure to flour because it becomes aerosolized and coats everything. Employing someone with a known allergy in an environment where their allergen is ubiquitous puts them at a severe risk of anaphylaxis, and normal work PPE will not prevent that. That's asking the employer to shoulder a level of liability that isn't reasonable, and not disclosing it is bad faith. But I get it, as someone with a disability myself, I don't disclose during interviews, but then I don't interview for positions that I know I am not going to be able reasonably perform. If someone with vertigo is applying for an office position, I wouldn't expect them to disclose their condition, or hold it against them if they didn't due to the real risks of stigma when it shouldn't matter. If, however, a person with vertigo was applying for a position as a scaffoldbuilder on a high rise construction project, I'd expect them to disclose that at the interview, and suggest they maybe change professions. Disabled people should be able to live a normal life, but having a disability doesn't make them entitled to work whatever job they want if they are inherently unable to do it due to their disability.
Then your friend has a true allergy, in addition to celiacs. Celiacs alone does not correlate to atopic contact dermatitis.
You realize the article you linked is specifically discussing kids with celiacs who also demonstrate allergies to various cereals, right? My sister has severe celiacs, but has no issue baking. I've read a lot of research on the subject. The issue is a bit muddied because ingested gluten can manifest skin issues in people with celiacs. One of the more extensive studies determined that about one third of severe celiacs reacted when hydrolyzed gluten was injected subcutaneously, but there was no statistically significant reaction for the celiacs group from simple contact when compared to the control because celiacs isn't an allergy. It's an autoimmune disease. The mechanism that causes it isn't related to anaphylaxis, which is what affects people with allergies.
You can start flipping with the questing gold you dig up leveling to 120. I just rolled a toon on a new server to goof off with some friends, and rather than transfer gold and stuff from my main server, I decided to try my hand at rebuilding a pile on the AH. While I have been leveling, I've been auctioning and vendoring drops, and got to about 5k that I transferred over to the AH toon. I started flipping things like leather and cloth (that were on the cheaper end), and reinvesting the gold as it came in. I'm up to 17k after 2 days. Give it a week and I'll have at least a hundred thousand.
You get more than enough incidental gold by leveling to 120 to get started, and a couple of 2k emissaries is enough to get you going if you wasted your leveling gold on dumb shit.
I have really come to like the shredded memory foam pillows. I like that they are kinda firm, and can be shaped, and they seem to last a while. The best part is they have a zipper for the internal liner, and I can periodically 'refresh' them by swapping out the foam.
Pretty much.
Honestly, outlaw is a really straightforward spec. Your talent choices can simplify things a bit without hurting your DPS too bad while you learn, but it's not super hard compared to other melee DPS. I see a lot of people mentioning Havoc as a simpler option, but I don't really agree. They're different, but pretty similar overall in complexity. The basics for S&amp;D outlaw are to keep slice and dice going, build combo points with sinister strike, pistol shot when it procs, and dump combo points with dispatch, and know when to use your cooldowns. Havoc's basic rotation isn't much less complex, but is slightly more forgiving. With bones, outlaw has a few more fiddly bits and RNG, and it adds between the eyes to the basic rotation depending on the bones buff, but it's still fun to me. Ultimately, if you want to pug content once you get the game down, I'd stick it out with the rogue. you'll have a much easier time getting groups as an outlaw rogue than havoc. M+ groups specifically want rogues. They'll take havoc if there is room, but tend to view rogues as a required slot.
She was not.
Might as well just tell them to go fuck themselves for all the good that will do. Sure, on paper they need things like probably cause, but in practice, you generally want to comply when the armed racist insists on investigating you.
You do you. Me, I'll just suffer the indignity and try to keep from getting dragged out of the truck and cuffed or shot. I'm 6' 8". I don't really want to do much of anything that could be read as a threat by a cop, especially the good ol' boys patrolling in Texas. Pulling that 'am I being detained' shit has a real good chance to escalate the situation when its late, and dark, and you manage to bruise the ego of an armed authoritarian that won't face a hell of a lot of repercussions for putting you in your place.
There's nothing special about it. Not an especially flashy transmog, shares the model with several other uncommon WotLK daggers, and you get about a dozen variations and recolors for the model through questing. Unless there is some obscure twink use for it that I am unaware of, I'd say that it's just one of those random items that someone has pumped up to ridiculous levels on TSM to troll or buy / sell gold.
That's why I'm not saying I think he should 100% stay away, but if I were in the Ex's shoes, hearing from him all these years later would not be a happy moment. He needs to recognize that no matter how far he feels like he has come, the journey towards proving he has a right to be back in her life is still on step one. And that level of disassociation between new and old versions of the self is dangerous. I have dealt with folks in my family with mental illness, and from experience I can say that a lot of excuses and poison manages to take root in that space between new and old. "I've changed, why are you treating me like some kind of monster. Are you going to keep holding your resentment over my head forever," they accuse, even as they lash out in ways that rhyme with the old version. I guess what I am saying is just because Op is *doing* better, doesn't mean he *is* better, and the Ex would be well served to be wary until he proves himself through actions and restraint, as well as his words. When she inevitably tells him that he can't contact the kid, how he responds to that initial rebuff will go a long way in proving whether he should.
They're viable, they're just not the best at anything and don't bring a lot of utility to a group. You'll be fine if you have a group you run with, but won't be taken over a rogue or demon hunter for PUGs.
Trump is very popular in East Texas, but the further west you move, the less popular he becomes. Between the ranchers worried about land being seized over the wall boondoggle, and the deep Mexican roots for a lot of folks, Trump is a bad look for an otherwise conservative bunch.
I don't think this is actual price gouging, rather than just plain old capitalism. It's a gas station, I imagine they don't normally sell it by the case. They just dragged it out from the back and left it in the case, then slapped the normal per-bottle price on it because people were looking for cases of it. You can't really compare grocery store prices to bodega prices.
That's my point. A ton of these "price gouging" posts went viral when Harvey rolled through my neck of the woods and it was always just convenience stores selling water for the normal singles price, but by the case. You can tell these are "commercial cases" and not consumer cases because the wraps are unbranded. They're meant for individual sale. Don't get me wrong, it's shitty that they weren't willing to give a bulk discount, but it wasn't price gouging. These places don't carry bulk packs of water for sale normally (or at least not many do because of the wasted shelf space), they were just leaving them in the case rather than putting them in the cooler because so many people were coming in wanting them by the case. Price gouging would be if they started charging $10 each for their singles, not charging the normal rate for what is essentially 24 singles.
If they're kind to the server is a big one. Any Karen behavior is a huge red flag.
It's an old maxim, give respect to get respect. I spent a long time in upper management, and making my subordinate managers understand that was harder than it should have been because our entire relationship with work in this country is inverted. As an employer, if you want your employees to value the job you've hired them for, you have to make it valuable to them. They need to want the job, not simply be forced into it by circumstance. Pay is part of that, but an even bigger part is simple respect. Be consistent, understand your employees are your most important customers, respect their time off and life outside of work, show gratitude when they sacrifice on your behalf, listen to what they are telling you, and overall don't treat them like robots made meat and they'll stay as long as you pay them enough to afford to live. That's the evil side of that. You can 100% get away with paying people less if you treat them better, simply because they culture is so bad around work that treating your employees humanely becomes a form of compensation.
The vast majority of food industry GMO is just selective breeding without the intervening generations. They're not splicing spider DNA into the fruit, just identifying the markers that select for better flavor, or more diseases resistance, and turning them off or on directly instead of selecting individual plants with those mutations and breeding them back into a breeding program. Everything they are doing is already coded in the plant's DNA, they're just editing it to produce the desired results. With climate change barreling down on us with no sign of slowing down, people better get over this irrational fear of GMO foods, because it is going to be the difference between mass famine and survival. Selective breeding programs can't respond fast enough to produce the changes needed to overhaul the food industry to adapt to rapidly shifting ecological variables without a whole lot of human misery in the intervening years.
"Move them up or move them out" was what several of my previous jobs have wanted. They don't want people to linger in a position for years because they accumulate raises and cause average hourly rate to climb. You'd think that the excellence brought on from having tenured employees would be worth the premium rate due to the money they'd save on the back end, and added customer satisfaction, but the reality is that most industries have trained customers to expect almost nothing beyond the bare minimum. They'd rather pay to train an endless stream of new people entry level wages and force middle management to squeeze the extra effort out of the few tenured people as a result. Those folks eventually either promote up, or leave, and the folks they trained become the next folks fed into the juicer to wring them dry. It's an endless cycle of human misery.
The Fed's only responsibility there is oversight, but that relies on the state's good faith and cooperation. It was probably an 80/20 split with the state being the one who dropped the ball. The Fed is really just there to hold people accountable, or rustle up funding, after the fact.
Realistically, nothing is going to happen to Op. It won't clear the bank, and it will either overdraft and they'll owe a fee, or the bank will decline it and paypal will retry in 72 hours. Kiting is one of those things that is illegal, but it's usually an 'add on' charge in practice. You get charged with kiting when you're already caught for something else. People sending paypal funds, and then having something draft out before an ACH hits causes this sort of error enough to where neither company is super worried about enforcing this, but his bank will happily charge him ACH fees for the privilege of putting up with the hassle. Unless we're talking thousands of dollars in the negative, absolute worst case scenario is Op gets his bank account closed if they identify a pattern, but they won't even look at it unless he is regularly in the red. And if they have overdraft protection, this is probably not kiting and is specifically allowed.
I just mean the Fed as short for the federal government. When it comes to flint, state agencies are mostly responsible for the situation. Federal agencies have limited oversight beyond enforcing some specific regulations, and are mostly there to provide funding when requested, or take punitive measures if regulations are broken or ignored.
I appreciate the concern, but we've settled in pretty good at this point. I was in some therapy for unrelated issues around the same time, and we did discuss this a bit, but her last real meltdown was over a decade ago. She still has some lows, but things have settled down considerably. What helped her the most was actually getting a thyroid issue diagnosed and treated. In retrospect, a big part of her mental issues seem to have had hormonal triggers, and once they were able to level out her hormones, her emotional extremes leveled out as well. She was prescribed antidepressants for a while, but tapered off them with doctor supervision after her other medical issues were addressed, and things have been a lot better overall.
India is 1/3rd the size and has 4 times as many people in the US. That population density makes a big difference when it comes to the success of protests. That means that any protest is going to have 4 times as many people to pull from, and everything is happening in a plot of land roughly the size of the land east of the Mississippi.
By changing our relationship with the environment. We're nowhere near the sustainable carrying capacity for humanity at 8 billion. We're just beyond the sustainable carrying capacity of every household owning a 3500 square foot McMansion on monocultured 5 acre lawns with 3 SUVs in the driveway and all the other consumption that goes into the lifestyles of the affluent. The goal of capitalism is exploitation of available resources rather than harmony with the environment. Change the system and you change these current outcomes. We just don't have much time to change the system, and there is a lot of sociological momentum fighting any changes.
They concern the developing world specifically because it is 'developing'. The reason that the billions in the east are unsustainable is because they are currently engaged in trying to elevate their entire population to the greater standards of living we already enjoy here in the west, complete with all the intervening years of consumption we spent getting here, except on fast forward. &gt; Any civilization, particularly any industrial one, MUST exploit nature to survive. There is no ‘sustainable harmony with nature’ outside of Hunter/Gatherer lifestyles and populations. We're at the point now that we have it within our power to return to a similarly harmonious relationship with nature as was enjoyed by our ancestors, but it requires rebuilding our societies from the ground up to do so. Modern technology has given us the power to enjoy the fruits of civilization while maintaining a holistic relationship with the earth's ecology, but that relationship is incompatible with any society that allows billionaires to come into being. I'm not arguing that our current population is unsustainable, but that is a byproduct of the modern global economy, not the people operating within the economy. Change the way the economy functions and we'll adjust the numbers on what is sustainable.
It'll be OK, big guy. Show my on the doll where the Marxist hurt you.
Sounds like I got pretty close.
I think you have some issues you need to work out with a therapist, and not random strangers on the internet.
This whole 'fire people to reduce hourly rate' is counterproductive anyway, and really just speaks to how dumb a lot of the folks in even senior management are. It takes between $2000 and $5000 to hire and train the average entry level retail worker, so if you're looking to save $4 an hour, they have to work there between 6 months to a year before you break even. The problem is those costs are hidden, so you start getting rid of tenured people, hiring in new folks, and then your labor doesn't quite drop down as much as you expected (but does decrease a bit) but all your other measurables start fluctuating up. New employees increase the rate of errors, reduce customer satisfaction, increase the workload for tenured employees, demand additional attention from management, and overall represent a drain on resources that subtracts from the labor they provide. If you have a constant problem with turnover, this can compound. The second you have a GM or DM bitching about average hourly rate, you can rest assured they have no idea what they are doing.
Well that explains it. The 'meth alligator' line item on the underwriter's risk calculation must be seriously expensive all by itself.
Move up or move out. Modern employers don't really allow you to specialize in a role, so you either promote up, or end up getting forced out. The only alternative is stagnation if you manage to fly under the radar. That's why it is so common for folks to only spend 3 - 5 years at a single company these days before moving on. If you want to increase your salary and stick to the same field, you have to move laterally if you aren't going to move up the chain of command.
Op lives alone, it's all private spaces.
It blows my mind. You don't ask an employee to do *anything* off the clock, and that has nothing to do with wage theft (as shitty as they can be about that as well). It's 100% just a simple liability issue. It is far cheaper to deal with the fallout of an accident through worker's comp then to try denying a comp claim and end up talking yourself into a situation where it isn't covered under WC, and your liability insurance refuses to cover it as well. That's what Op's GM is trying to do right now. When corporate gets wind of this, that GM is on ultra think ice (and may be terminated outright). And if Op ends up suing as a general injury tort, the GM is going to be led out like a sacrificial lamb and butchered when corporate tries to subrogate the inevitable settlement claim by going after the GM personally.
Agreed. It'd be one thing is he expressed concern about Op's grief, or even gently brought up the lock screen in the context of maybe changing it if he felt like the daily reminder was causing Op pain (it's OK to be wrong if it's from a good place), but his comments speak to a very distinct lack of empathy or ability to conceptualize his partner as being am actual human with their own feelings.
She's not jerking it out of her snatch and tossing it in the pot to make soup. By the time she's on the boiling step, it's already been run through a washing machine, or hand washed with soap and water. She's sterilizing something that's already clean.
Don't give my wife anymore ideas.
I mean I get it when people talk about Iran like they are a rogue state, but the only real thing keeping the US from being declared a rogue state is the might of our military and a seat on the G7. We throw a hell of a lot of stones to live in a glass house this big. All politics aside, the people in Iran are not monsters, and I do not wish them harm. Their government might suck, but then so does ours a lot of the time. I do consumer tech support and I have gotten several folks chatting in from Iran. I'm always struck by how exceedingly normal they are, because the image of the polite dude, fluent in English, who just wants some help with his phone is so at odds with the image painted in the media for the country. It always makes me feel like a piece of shit when I have to tell them I can't help their grandma move her photos to her computer because of an embargo.
&gt; Although people want to make this a church/state thing it isn't, it actually makes a lot of sense to me. If they counted church service as community service in a 1:1 hour exchange, I could get behind that argument. But then there is this: &gt; the judge stated that she gave that high of hours because she credits one church service as 8 hours of community service. Giving extra community service hours, then letting you complete it by counting a 1-2 hour church service as 8 hours of service sure seems like compulsory religion from the state to me. The difference is one makes religious service an option, and the other essentially imposes additional punishment if you choose other options.
Yeah. I sort of feel like I'm more pissed off about this by proxy than I would be in Op's situation. I'd hit every church in a 25 mile radius that had services on different nights and bang out my community service in 2-3 weeks while catching up on my podcasts and count myself lucky. But as a bystander that hates religious overstep by government reps like this, I am kind of incensed.
No one's saying you should give him half your business. Let's look at it this way: You do all the hard work getting started, and your business grows beyond what you can do youself. You bring an an employee for $10 an hour, and he helps you triple your business by putting in the work to allow you to free up your time on administrative tasks and sourcing new suppliers, while he helps carry the operation side of things, hiring and training the next round of folks to man the carts. 5 years later you don't even see a cart during the week as your job is 100% administrative and your first employee has been joined by a few dozen more. How much of a raise do you give him as the sweat equity he puts into the job starts to rival yours? You shouldered the initial risk, and have the most skin in the game, so I doubt anyone would begrudge you holding the largest stake of the output, but do you just bump him up to $15 and give him an attaboy? Aside from training the new folks, he's still just running a cart most of the time. Does he deserve $20 instead of $15? Or does his sweat equity become ownership equity at any point? You wouldn't be where you are without him stepping into the role he did, so should his effort yield an ownership stake? Why or why not?
You sound like solid CEO material. Enjoy that mistress until the guillotines come out :D
Water is usually only metered to the building, not individual units. The one's that do charge for water, usually charge a flat fee in my experience.
I was agreeing with you. The reason most apartments are paid by the landlord is they don't usually have individually metered water.
Water generally has them, but it usually requires a special tool that isn't common for most people to have, and they are often not easily accessible (may be buried, etc). For gas, I think it varies. Last place I rented just had it for the heater furnace, and there was a shutoff at the furnace, but the main shutoff was locked behind a box only accessible by the gas company.
Water is a huge deal out West. If he's got that idea that it is an infinite resource out in the high desert, he's definitely a tourist. Civilization is pretty sparse outside of a couple spots like Albuquerque and La Cruces, and that means water is pretty sparse too. There's a lot of cheap land out west in New Mexico, but that's because there's no easy access to water for most of that land. People who can't pay to sink a 400' well end up paying to have it trucked in.
For a deep well, if that pump goes out all of the sudden (maybe because it's doing double duty and pushing an additional 500' of head to get water uphill to the neighbor), Op is looking at a minimum of around $3000 to drop a new pump. And he may be without water for weeks, assuming he has the money to pay for it when it happens. Unless the neighbor is willing to go in halfsies, and has the cash on hand to cover it, I wouldn't let them hook up to my water because the risk to the pump, and headache of collecting, just isn't worth it. That said, I'd never turn him away if he needed to fill up a jug to keep himself hydrated, but he'd be on his own for the washing and bathing parts.
Once you get over the wrong side of 35 you also just tend to get used to shit hurting for no reason. Back in my 20s I remember doing something stupid, hurting myself, and bouncing back in three days good as new. Now I do something, hurt myself, and some joint starts clicking and I'm like, "guess that's just what happens from now on."
Anything to absolve the dude of wrongdoing and blame it on the femoids, amirite?
Sure. The wife's crazy, but the solution there isn't to feed her crazy by committing actionable discrimination in perpetuity. But methinks you're arguing in bad faith considering the subs you frequent, and you don't care all that much about the folks getting discriminated when compared to the dude who's willing to do the discriminating instead of standing up to his spouse.
Are you seriously arguing that this guy shouldn't "push back" against his spouse who is trying to force him to commit illegal discrimination that could open him (and the company he represents) up to serious professional and legal consequences? You must be seriously bad at navigating relationships if you think the solution to every conflict is to avoid the conflict at all costs, even when the consequences are you feed your partner's insecurities to the level that they force you to literally break the law. Or maybe you're just a misogynist looking for any paper thin reason to you can to possibly justify misogyny. I'm pretty sure it's one of those.
The right to refuse service kicks in when you're engaged in a voluntary transaction. The user you are replying to is correct that the legal tender law you are thinking about primarily concerns debts. Like if someone owes you money and they show up to pay cash, you can't refuse the cash and require another payment. It's meant to stop things like requiring people to use a payment system you control that assesses fees while they are attempting to satisfy a debt (since they are forced to deal with you), or otherwise refuse cash payments in an attempt to make satisfying a debt more onerous than it otherwise would be (since you may benefit if you make it so they are unable to easily pay you). There are a few states and municipalities that require certain businesses to specifically accept cash (as otherwise a business is free to require you to use a card or something else) but even when there are requirements for accepting cash in place, most don't regulate the denomination.
I used to work in a casino resort in Louisiana. Not sure about MI, but for LA the laws were entirely something that penalized the Casino when it came to minors on the floor. LAOP would could be penalized for underage drinking or gambling, but just being on the floor was the fault of the casino, and the reaction was 100% the casino in panic mode. Some security dude is going to get a final warning (or fired) for letting him get passed the front door, and the floor manager is going to spend the next two days coordinating with the security booth for a bunch of audits to submit to the gaming commission in hopes of avoiding a 6 figure fine. All of the pageantry was so they could have the police provide 3rd party verification that Op had not engaged in any prohibited activities on the casino floor.
Not who you asked, [but we picked up one of these,](https://www.amazon.com/Alpicool-Portable-Refrigerator-Freezer-Vehicle/dp/B07L3FRDPK/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_product_sims?ie=UTF8) and so far it has been excellent for the price point. It's a legit compressor fridge, runs on 12 volt and normal household power, and is very energy efficient for what it is. We do a lot of road tripping with a little teardrop so the size works for us, and when we're not traveling, it sits under the desk in the wife's office. No complaints so far.
It's not about entitlement, it's 100% to identify in groups and out groups in the story as they seek sympathy and validation. By using the slang, they are telling you who to hate and who to root for in the stories without allowing you to really try to parse the events for yourself. It's basically a built in way to communicate their biases to the reader through the established tropes of the sub.
I'm wondering if LAOP is also on some other medication that reacts poorly with alcohol. Or whether they're leaving out the 8 beers they chased it with. I pint consumed over 3-4 hours could make most folks pretty damn sloppy, but most wouldn't be at the point of losing time with just a pint.
Cops will take any excuse they can to not do work.
Yup. I was about to say that this is why Apple wipes the device as a standard step for repair, because the last thing they want is something like this happening and a whistle-blower like LAOP leaking it to the press. The weakest part of any security system are the parts made of meat. Best not to even give employees the opportunity for temptation. If any repair shop is asking for your user account passwords or passcodes, run.
If you phone bricks, they don't need your passcode to fix it. You should be backing up your phone regularly. The device is just a way to access your content, and shouldn't be viewed as something you store content on. If it ever bricks, the assumption should be that the technician erases everything before they even begin work. The only reason any tech might need a passcode is if you are paying someone for data recovery, and at those prices, you should hire a professional you are paying enough for discretion, not the Geek Squad.
&gt; It matters little whether the price is "inflated," because if someone needs the item and they don't want to go out and collect it for themselves they're gonna buy it, regardless of price. It's the whole reason why certain transmogs go for tens to hundreds of thousands of gold. It's a niche market that has little demand in general, but items can still sell for high price points because of laziness. It matters if there is another goblin willing to supply the item for cheaper. Buyers will pay whatever the price is up to their personal threshold, but you aren't competing with the buyers. If another goblin is able to source it cheaper, farm more efficiently, or just trying to unload it quickly, and willing to undercut below your personal threshold and keep the price steady at that floor, that is closer to the real market value for the item than what you are charging, so by definition the market is inflated. 3 things determine the price - demand/usefulness, number available, and time/difficulty required to farm it. If demand is soft, even a limited supply may lead to an inflated price. If difficulty to farm is low, when the price climbs that prompts more people to farm increasing supply and the price seeks equilibrium. In short, the price set by an undercutter is never wrong. If you're mad, it just means they have dipped below your personal threshold, not that they are using the AH incorrectly. You respond by either buying them out if you think you can flip it, or you move on to other markets or bide your time if you don't think the deal warrants the purchase.
&gt; I'm not sure if I'm understanding you correctly when you say "source an item cheaper," or if that's supposed to go hand in hand with the next part of your statement, so I'll skip over that for the moment. &gt; &gt; &gt; &gt; As far as farming more efficiently, I'd like to point to the multiboxing community as a whole. 8 man boxers out herbing are absolutely more efficient than a single toon herbing, but yet I'm sure you still see obvious multiboxers undercutting by only 1c instead of by 30-50% of lowest buyout. Efficiency of obtaining an item is not the same as efficiency of making that item worth your time when selling it, depending on usefulness of said item. Hell I'd even go so far as to say efficiency of acquisition has little to do with our personal market values compared to the usefulness of the item. Time/efficiency for attaining something is only 1/3rd of the equation. Multiboxers won't dump their haul at bargain basement prices if they don't need to, but they do tend to aggressively undercut unless the demand is super high to move their stock, because otherwise it piles up, and that directly relates to availability and demand. All three of those forces work together to determine the actual market value. People can inflate that by trying to control the supply on the market with resets in the short term, but if overall demand is softer than supply, inevitably they'll be left with a few hundred stacks in their banks, bags, and mailboxes, and have to take a hit when they have to liquidate their stock.
&gt; Players who massively undercut value neither and understand neither. That is simply not true. When you are operating with a large bankroll, the only limit to making gold with several markets is demand, and lowering the price can stimulate demand. If you can flip 300 stacks of something at a steep undercut and generate 25 gold a stack, you're better off doing that than parceling out the 30 in the same time frame while trying to get 200 a stack. The markets are volatile, and demand can fluctuate greatly, and undercuts are just one more tool in your toolbox to make gold. Doing it at the start of an expansion when demand is unlimited and people will pay any price is stupid, but at this point in the expansion, with markets drowning in many crafting goods, and demand soft overall, a big portion of our sales are coming from trading things back and forth between goblins as we all speculate with each other over flipping and crafting markets. If I take a chance and buy out 500 stacks of siren's pollen at 6g a stack when someone liquidates their stock, I want to get that flipped, converted, and sold before the next guy comes along and dumps 1000 stacks at 5g, and that may mean undercuts in some markets.
You're not losing 200g by selling an enchant for less than crafting cost if you're making your own enchanting materials. The low barrier to entry for enchanting this expansion has made it so you can easily have a maxed out enchanter on any old alt so most of the shufflers are also selling enchants and not just raw goods. You have to shuffle to be competitive in enchanting. I regularly sell enchants for less than the raw material cost because I am shuffling and my actual cost is much lower than the current crafting cost. I do it to expand the markets I can move the raw enchant materials to. If I only sold enchants, or only sold materials, I would move half as much product and my banks would fill up faster than I could empty them. The enchanters who are buying materials off the AH with the intent to craft and flip are competing with goblins like me who just want to move volume and are willing to take a "loss" by selling enchants below market (because it's still a profit over my raw shuffling cost). That way I am selling to the enchanters, and to the end users, and more than doubling my potential customer base to move volume (though I usually only sell crafted enchants on reset days and certain windows on big raid nights because it is not worth it to camp the market outside of those times).
That's the thing about having actual morals. When you have real convictions and beliefs, and work towards them consistently, you don't find yourself in the position of having to explain terrible things you said in the past.
&gt; with no chance of return Where do you think all the money currently earmarked for monthly loan payments would go? This would be the single biggest economic stimulus plan of our lifetime. Millions of current college graduates would suddenly find themselves with enough extra income to sink into a car note, mortgage payment, or just some groceries and a new xbox, and all of that would end up churning in their local economies. A significant portion of it would inevitably be clawed back as taxes anyway, except all that new spending would also create some actual jobs.
But muh Atlas Shrugged.
You're not a dick for wanting to help, and it's hard to gauge how she would respond because everyone responds to trauma differently. You stepped over her comfort zone, and she let you know. The only thing you can do now is respect the boundary she has set and be there if she invites you in. I'd gauge her mood through her son. If he stays away from your library from now on, likely she'll be forcing him to avoid it. If he starts poking around for new books to read, that's a pretty good indication that she is relaxing a bit. That may be a good time to try and have a conversation with her, or send a letter over. The info you [mentioned in this comment](https://www.reddit.com/r/AmItheAsshole/comments/eow8zf/aita_for_trying_to_give_a_gift_to_a_single_mom/fefrun9/) would be a good place to start.
I was thinking it was this, or possibly something related to Title IV. Something has changed behind the scenes for title 4 recently, either through enforcement, or regulation. The college I am attending recently stepped up with a bunch of additional hoops to satisfy title 4 after never mentioning attendance for the previous few years. What it boils down to is if the school can't verify that you satisfied the attendance requirements for your course, the Fed claws back your financial aid. If this school hasn't taken steps to satisfy title 4, and most of the students are using loans or federal grants to go to school, they may have just had all their aid clawed back and this is how the school is choosing to cover it up. Either way, something smells like herring.
"Ah yes, and since this is a medieval society, your tenancy here insures you are bound to the land as my serfs, and henceforth I shall be entitled to all that you earn. You may, of course, enjoy the largess of my room and board, and will be entitled to keep a bushel of grain each month for your own larder. As an aside, I am in talks with Jorhniddgar, Boiler of Seas, for a mating contract, so I may be ceding one or two of you to him as is my lordly right. You should also know that he adheres to the southron traditions, so it is likely that you will be consumed, rather than enslaved. Shall we discuss sleeping arrangements?"
I ran a campaign a few years ago where the party began as a group of teenage commoners working as fieldhands who stumbled onto the aftermath of a group of adventurers who had died slaying an ancient, legendary beast. All of them were dead, beast and heroes, and the party was left to loot them of hundreds of thousands of gold worth of treasure and a full compliment of magical items of legendary power. They basically chose their classes by who they chose to loot from the group. They expected it to be the typical, "a new band of adventurers take up the destiny left by the death of these legendary heroes," type of story, but the whole game basically boiled down to how this wealth and these items totally destabilized first their village, and then the country as more and more people learned of what they found, and what was up for grabs. They spent the whole campaign on the run as several of the kindly townsfolk that had featured in the first couple of opening sessions turned on them, some of them had family members try to sell them out, and the whole things became an utter mess before it was over. It was great.
Iran is not a terrorist state because the United States legal definition of terrorism excludes acts done by recognized states ( a definition specifically crafted to give ourselves a pass for some pretty obvious acts of state terrorism we'd otherwise be accused of, btw). You can accuse Iran of several pretty terrible acts, but then they could accuse us of the same. The fact remains that the administration assassinated a top level government official of a recognized state outside of a formal declaration of war. That is a dangerous norm to set.
I've seen some recent studies that suggest it's about a 50/50 split of nature and nurture overall, however the parents aren't actually the primary source of that nurture when it comes to the child's ultimate personality, but rather their peer groups. Family upbringing ultimately has the most effect simply by the peers you find yourself around. The values and personality you adopt may begin with your parents, but are quickly overwritten by the people your own age that you interact with and observe.
I saw that Op said that, but they didn't really reply in a way that made me think they knew for sure what was going on. There may have been an executor's deed prepared with both of their names, but that is a document that isn't executed until it is filed by the executor. Op's sister could have tossed it into the trash and filed a new deed during probate.
They definitely failed as the executor if they transferred property to a third party that is not an heir or named in the will. It's a slam dunk civil case, and depending on how they did it, it may be criminal fraud as well.
If 60 pounds got her to the goal weight, she wasn't obese enough for this to have been especially safe. Not the end of the world, but unnecessarily risky all the same.
Malnutrition, muscle loss, gallstones, long lasting (negative) changes to your metabolism, and similar things. Not saying it happened with her, but there is a reason why medical professionals suggest you shoot for 1-2 pounds of weight loss per week and no more.
[Several people that turned out to be US citizens have been detained.](https://www.cnn.com/2019/07/25/us/us-citizen-detained-texas/index.html) All it takes is a couple of the ICEstapo to hear that their "dad" isn't a citizen and mom is dead and I could definitely see them ending up detained over this, and without formal custody with LAOP, if it happens, it could be an extended detention. Even a .01% chance of that happening would be too high to risk invoking yourself, and I suspect the chances that this sort of perfect storm of evil stupidity is more likely than that.
They'll just rotate through a few different square accounts if they are intent on keeping the income off the books.
After watching Jojo Rabbit I kind of want to see a Taika Waititi take on the inevitable biopics. I think his brand of absurdist humor would work for Trump and Co.
I lost 9k azshara's veil because I deleted what I though was an empty message in my inbox before I realized how stuff was returned with the refreshing. No confirmations or anything. This AH update was very poorly implemented.
TSM is still powerful for all the other things it does, aside from just fixing the old AH UI. If your entire business model was built around capitalizing on how shitty the default auction house was, then you've known you needed to figure something else out since 8.3. This new AH will be much better going forward, but it will take time for people to figure out how it works, and we will have to adapt. In the long run, it will pay off because ease of use will bring more customers to the market overall so you won't miss the sales you were getting through pretty stacking.
I'm very happy to hear that.
Markets are not synonymous with capitalism. WoW has something close to a free market, but what's missing is 'private ownership of the means of production'. The fact that there is no barrier of entry other than time in any market is what set WoW apart from actual capitalism. I don't own the intellectual property behind *accord of haste* or the 'means of production' required to create it. Until there is some way for me to own the enchant factory and force you to shuffle bracers for me for a fraction of their retail cost under threat of rendering you starving and homeless, what we have in WoW doesn't look much like real world capitalism. Considering Blizzard is the one who owns the actual means of production, and is regulating the income of the players, the overall economy, and the market we use, it's more of a managed socialist economy.
The worst part about this whole mess is just paying the $2500 fee and taking the class is probably the best possible course of action because fighting it is going to cost more and take longer, and with the layers of red tape and qualified immunity involved, it is going to be almost impossible to recoup much of anything. These whole things reeks of the government double-dipping purely as a revenue generator.
The AH is broken, and there's no new content to drive much demand. People are trying to play the patch, and getting frustrated with bugs and the general poor rollout. And, you may have actually sold some things, but odds are you aren't getting gold for it right now because apparently the mailbox is broken and not showing gold payments for stackable items. I'd suggest holding off until the next reset. Things will hopefully settle in a bit, and people will be doing more of the sorts of content where they are looking to enchant drops / use consumables for.
Happened to me a few times trying to post or buy large stacks. It's like you get stuck with the AH transaction and have to wait for the character to time out before you can do anything or log out / back in. I've found that the sweet spot is around 2000 items posted or bought in one go. Going bigger seems to increase the risk of this happening.
Whenever I yell at the cats, my dog also yells at the cats.
It can work with things that are limited supply, or world drops that are impossible to effectively farm, but not with stuff like ore that can be farmed easily. Forcing the price up on a farm-able item just increases the supply in the long term, causing a crash in price as soon as you stop buying and resetting.
Joe Biden is going to energize the youth vote by calling weed a gateway drug and trying to ban video games. Alternate title: Old man yells at clouds.
It sounds like the issue is with the mailbox displaying certain types of mail. All our gold is waiting for us, we just can't see it. I'm inclined to believe that because people with missing gold aren't able to realm transfer because they can't clear the mailbox. But I have to say that this better be true, because I have kept selling on Blizz's word on this, and my bankroll is toast if they suddenly tell us it's unrecoverable.
Short answer, yes. Long answer is some states carve out a few more protections for certain classes and situations, but are still primarily at will. In 49 of 50 states, it would most likely be 100% legal to fire someone over the car they drive, or no reason at all, barring a few specific circumstances. They'd almost certainly get unemployment because it would be a 'no fault' separation, but that's small consolation.
With the AH gold bug, the amount of gold circulating in the economy is beginning to dip. This is leading to some weird results as some items climb in value, but others dip. Markets are going to be volatile until things are resolved and the gold churn returns to normal.
He doesn't have to do either. He can submit evidence that he wasn't the driver. He can't be forced to make the state's case for them.
Autocratic regimes succeed because of petty bureaucrats that feed on the misery of others.
Texas is a weird place culturally, and a lot of folks tend to ignore its size, and geography when they assume the Trump support is monolithic in the state. There are a few general cultural themes in Texas (the 'libertarian' streak and general impulse towards self sufficiency), but aside from that there are four main regions with pretty distinct cultures. Outside of East Texas, the rest of the state doesn't have a whole lot in common with the rest of the south, and the further west you go, the less popular those southern tropes (and Trump) tends to be.
Yup. Texas is huge, and you get a very different culture depending on whether you land in Beaumont, El Paso, or Amarillo.
I have 225k cloth and two tokens that never got delivered today, so that's nice.
It's possible to save a million dollars relatively easily with plain old wages and good saving discipline over a normal period of working life for the average professional or middle to upper middle class laborer. A billion is an amount that can't be accumulated on your own in a lifetime. If you are a billionaire, you've stuck your straw into a lot of other people's milkshakes.
If you plan on getting there with a job, you'll need to ask for something closer to $50k an hour, since most jobs don't pay you 24 hours a day, 7 days a week. Of course it'll be a couple of years before you are rich enough to stop paying taxes, so you should probably ask for $100k/hr so you have a little room for them to talk you down and still hit your goal.
Assuming a 6% return and 30 years of saving, you'd have to put back about $1000 a month. That's a lot less than $28k a year, but still not an insignificant amount considering the amount of student debt the average professional carries. If you can save for 40 years, that monthly amount drops to about $500 which is in the range of a lot more people, especially with employee matching for 401ks and other things, but still pretty difficult in those early work years.
I never said most people can expect to get to that point. The folks that do would be considered 'well off'. I just said that it is in the reach of what most people would consider "regular people", meaning doctors, lawyers, and other "professionals" like engineers and even folks like process operators and other plant workers. Pretty much anyone who's earning high five or six figure incomes. But the key there is good financial discipline and avoiding a lot of the usual pitfalls. Even a doctor can be destitute when they get to retirement age if they buy everything on credit, and all it takes is a run of bad luck to destroy years of savings. But it's possible. $500 a month saved for 40 years will get you there with modest returns thanks to compounding interest.
I'm just looking at very basic and conservative retirement savings plans like a standard 401k or IRA (the sort of thing the average person would have access to with no real effort). You can squeeze more out of your savings with smart investing if you don't mind the additional risks.
That's a direct result of folks not being able to meet their basic needs without dipping into credit. It's sort of the inevitable result when you train every college graduate by saddling them with massive debt at 18, and then tell them they need to buy a car, a house, and have kids by 25.
&gt; ‘Dey took all errr jerbs n there dem freeloading on ma taxes!’ &gt; &gt; &gt; &gt; ??? So they all got jobs or they all unemployed? I’m so confused. That's the standard fascism playbook when it comes to the other. The "enemy" is both weak and strong in contradictory ways, and somehow they can use that bogeyman to justify anything without causing cognitive dissonance because it is not an argument based on facts, but fear and hate.
&gt; I would think that the mom could have a claim for adverse possession if she paid them, since there has been no secret of her having control of the properties against the will of the titled owner. Generally the taxes would have to be delinquent, and for most adverse possession cases, Mom would need to be living at the location. And then there's the fact that LAOP has asked her to take title and she rejected it multiple times. Mom has basically undermined any claim of her own ownership by having LAOP pay the property taxes and refusing to assert ownership claims. This honestly just sounds like a tax dodge by Mom, and it's going to bite her one way or the other.
I'd be claiming the deductions and sending on a 1099 for the mom, (because I am *sure* she's reporting her rental income of course).
There's nothing inherently illegal in purchasing property and gifting it to a child as long as you do it correctly. There's also nothing inherently illegal in owning property and allowing a family member to rent it out while accepting no money for the rent yourself. But that assumes all the paperwork is in order and taxes are paid. The fact that LAOP is an unwilling participant here indicates that there are probably some nefarious things afoot. It could just be her shoving the liability off on LAOP, but I also wonder if there is something else going on that is incentivizing the mom to hide her assets--a spouse, lawsuits, bankruptcy, etc.
Except it's not as simple as the mother stealing the income because it's not totally clear what the ultimate agreement is (if any). For example, barring something on paper, it's pretty simple for the mother to assert that the rent collected is to repay the mother for the "debt" of the houses that LAOP now owns. Op doesn't seem to informed on the minutia of the deal, so there is no telling how this was set up on paper until Op engages in discovery. Ultimately LAOP has been a doormat for the past decade (whether through ignorance, abuse, or a combination of the two) and is letting their mother take advantage of them. They need to assert their rights and firmly establish the current situation legally so they can determine for sure who owns what and who owes who. If they try to call it theft and explain this situation to a cop, the cop's going to tell them it's a civil matter, because it is. Op will have to hammer out the legal boundaries of this situation and approach it from there once they have a full understanding of their, and the mother's, legal liabilities.
&gt; the more direct way is simply to take full control of the rental property in LAOP's name, then take the rental income or sell the properties. I'm not arguing against doing that now, but that's not going to do anything for the 10 years worth of taxes LAOP has already paid on that income. I'd get with an accountant and see how much of that could be corrected by amending a few returns, claiming the proper deductions, and then reporting the mother's income on a 1099. That places the mother in the crosshairs of the IRS if she hasn't been reporting that income, which is what she deserves, and it just may tie up a few of her resources while Op also looks into fixing the situation going forward.
If LAOP's taxes are paid up, and if the houses really are in their name, there's not much risk of any liens being applied to them because the mother suddenly faces an audit and finds herself owing a couple of years of taxes. I'd consult with a lawyer first, but definitely would be ready to fire off the spite torpedoes if it didn't open me up to more liability. Of course, it's fine if LAOP is looking to extricate themselves while burning as few bridges as possible, but the mother has earned some payback.
Because they have a stack of emails, a fucking tape, and witnesses willing to testify to him doing this one dumb thing. There is a bunch of other evidence for other things, but when you only need to convict him for one crime to get the corrupt SOB out of office, you shoot for the sure thing.
Real estate is real estate. Unless this is downtown Chicago, there's some value there.
The issue is that every level of our society is just as inefficient as our food production because the entire system is built around profit extraction rather than resource conservation. Just look at planned obsolescence in the cell phone market. Modern smartphones are built to essentially be disposable. They are intentionally designed to be as difficult to repair as possible, and then incrementally updated versions are released every year that encourage people to upgrade for minor new features. [So of the billions of cell phones sold every year, 60% are purchased to replace an existing, working phone, which inevitably leads to hundreds of millions of cell phones headed to the trash as toxic e-waste.](https://planetgreenrecycle.com/fundraising/e-waste/the-electronic-waste-crisis-cell-phones-facts-and-figures) That's just one example of malignant consumption, but it exists at every level of our economy.
And mammal biomass accounts for &lt;10% of animal biomass, so the 95% statistic is pretty much just a clickbait factoid that doesn't put the situation in proper perspective.
You can't discuss population growth without addressing consumption per capita. A billionaire oligarch 'consumes' an amount of resources every year that is several orders of magnitude higher than someone working in a call center and living in an apartment in the west, which is several orders of magnitude higher than a subsistence farmer living in the developing world. If we reduce the population, we will reduce the consumption, but you have to get rid of a whole lot of subsistence farmers to make up for every oligarch. You can address the "population problem" in two ways, either reduce the consumption, or reduce the population. The problem with the latter is that it just leads to exterminism when the powerful (who both consume more, and benefit most, form the corrupt aspects of the system) are put in charge of husbanding these changes.
&gt; Animal agriculture is still responsible for at least 51% of green house gas emission. It’s the solution to about half the problem. That's a misleading figure. That factors in the entire supply chain, from producing animal feed, to processing and distributing the output of the industry. If we eliminated animal-based food from the equation, that would reduce some of those emissions (from the animals themselves) but some of those emissions would just be reallocated to other farming, distribution, and processing industries.
&gt; That is your opinion. That's not an opinion, it's a fact, taken right from the methodology of the Worldwatch report as mentioned in your linked article: *"Unlike the FAO reports, the Worldwatch report followed the GHG protocol and included what is considered Scope 3 emissions. Scope 3 includes the many parts of the supply chain not owned by producers. Some other factors they used to determine the 51 percent are underestimated figures, while others are overlooked or already counted for but assigned to different sectors (i.e., deforestation for feed crops). "* That scope 3 emissions count comes from all the tertiary industry operating alongside meat production to support livestock farming. If we cut meat out of the global food supply, that tertiary industry would be repurposed towards vegan food sources. I'm conceding that vegan food sources would be less carbon-intensive than meat production, but the 51% statistic is just as biased (in the other direction) as the one produced by the FAO. You can't get rid of meat without replacing it with something else, and that something else would carry a carbon load that would negate a large portion of that 51% produced by the entire meat production industry.
The people who are going to pirate a self-published author's ebook where never going to pay for it in the first place. Ultimately you just toss out a DMCA and move on with your life, and chalk up the freeloaders as free advertising. The amount of effort it takes to play internet whack-a-mole is going to cost you far more in 'lost wages' than you'd ever hope to earn back by making your book .01% harder to pirate. You'd be much better off spending that time writing another book.
LAOP's an asshole, but people shouldn't try to abuse a system meant to help disabled people and wedge their pets into places they aren't otherwise welcome. We have pets. We chose a dog friendly place to live with them. Everyone's cool with it as long as we are responsible pet owners. LAOP's neighbors chose a space that specifically is not pet friendly, and used the ESA system to get their animals in the door. If the results of their choices blows up and leaves them homeless, it was an entirely predictable result for committing fraud when securing the lease. While I can empathize in that situation, I don't have much sympathy for self-inflicted wounds like that.
I'm split on this. It could be fake, but at the same time LAOP seems too reasonable for the typical MRA troll. He comes across as exasperated and upset, but doesn't have as much of the coded language or bad faith you see in most of the trolling efforts pushing that agenda. And I could see this sort of ambush being the sort of thing that some activist students cook up as some sort or project for a culture or sociology class. Since nothing on the internet is true, you're probably right, but this one isn't so far out there that I would bet much money on it. I will admit that I did a lot of googling and couldn't turn anything up, but the search terms are so charged, and the details vague enough, that I didn't turn up the incident on my own with all the noise.
It's fine for cats 1 through 3. Cats 4 through 6 are a red flag. For cats 7+, is time to pull the ripcord.
It'd be cool if we could get some universal worker rights first before we start worrying about people's right to furry roommates.
The non sequitur is just pointing out that we treat people worse that other countries do animals in a lot of ways, so fat chance making pet ownership a human right for people.
I admit it's just anecdotal experience on my behalf, and it may be happening more often in the clubs she is a member of because the breeds tend to be subject to a lot of breed bans or other additional restrictions, but the sheer number of those ESA registration sites online makes me think that "fake ESAs" are a huge problem. There wouldn't be so many sites willing to take your money in return for a meaningless certificate and a mental health evaluation less stringent than a porn site's age verification if there weren't a huge number of people taking advantage of the regulations.
Folks in mental health care tend to be relatively rare in the US, particularly among the folks on the lower end of the income curve. Coincidentally (and again, from my personal experience) the folks who tend to being going online looking for those ESA certificates are doing it to avoid pet deposits and fees. Once one person in a friend group saves $500 worth of pet deposit + $30 a month in pet fees at an apartment, it seems like everyone else gets diagnosed with anxiety and depression that can only be solved with a badly trained pit bull. But I also admit that this sort of abuse irritates me so maybe I am hyper-aware of the assholes. We used to volunteer with an organization that trained service dogs for vets, and a lot of folks with legitimate medical needs for service dogs are starting to get a lot of shit as a result of morons abusing ESA regulations to force their shitty, yapping, non-housebroken pets into tiny apartments and poisoning the well for everyone who comes after them.
This isn't something that would hurt corporate, but this is a very effective way to torpedo a shitty manager because corporate (or the franchisee) will become aware of the situation and fall out very quickly. If your whole crew is walking out on you, there is no greater indictment for your management style or actions. The GM's boss got that message loud and clear. That's no guarantee that they are smart enough to parse the message, but it will definitely put them under a microscope.
That checks out.
Stuff is still getting stuck. I opened a ticket, and it's the same as last time, but only affecting certain mails. Seems to be triggering on larger sales and purchases. I have one AH toon that is not getting any mail after purchasing about 200k cloth. I have another with about 1.5 million in gold stuck off of a big sale of veiled crystals. GM ticket basically just said the same as last time.
Honestly, it's probably for the best. I can't imagine a scenario where Trump improves the current situation.
Cops are a gang.
Examples of more racist western countries?
Are we more or less xenophobic here? What about European xenophobia is different about American xenophobia? How are ultimate outcomes different here versus there in terms of racial disparity?
Depends. Xenophobia is tied to national origin rather than race. I'm sure it gets tangled up with racism a lot, but it is not intrinsically racism (still shitty though).
Yup. Denmark looks like it's going off the rails lately, but then we've been doing this shit for centuries and got it down to an art form, [so the different penalties for the same crime thing is all sort of done with a wink and a nod rather than codified into the legal system.](https://www.ussc.gov/research/research-reports/demographic-differences-sentencing) Of course when I search for "danish cop kills unarmed..." I am not turning up any reports of police in Denmark storming into people's homes and shooting them in their sleep, or choking them to death in broad daylight. Weird, considering they are apparently so much more racist over there.
It's amazing at the amount of deflection you're willing to do to excuse the obvious systemic problems in this country, and absolve yourself of any guilt for not acknowledging it. Go ahead and whatabout your way back to whatever echo chamber you live in, my dude.
We'd be better off if we just ditched beat / patrol cops as a concept. They cause more problems than they solve. If we keep cops, they should be a service, not a standing army. Someone you call when you need help, like a fire department, and just minds their fucking business otherwise. Not someone who rides around like a road pirate looking for plunder, or seeks to make criminals out of as many people as possible.
The modern police force has always been a response to civil unrest. [The concept of a modern, standing police department was implemented in a few different locations in the 1820-1840s in response to worker's riots in England, unrest over tariffs in New England, and concern about slave revolts in the south.](https://worxintheory.wordpress.com/2014/12/07/origins-of-the-police/amp/) It was never about protecting and serving, it's always been about keeping the proles in line and protecting the interests of the ruling class. The idea of a community beat cop keeping the public safe is revisionism. Busting heads and collecting fines is why they exist.
I second the motion.
People won't riot if they have things to lose. Too bad for Trump that his terrible response to Covid, and bungling of the economic aftermath, has left a whole lot of people with nothing to lose. People have spent the last 3 months isolated, festering in anxiety, and then forced back to jobs that no longer exist as aid was funneled to the top 1%. With eviction moratoriums expiring today, I am not sure there is a more explosive time in the past 30 years at a baseline, and here we are.
Things have changed since the last election. Trump has turned them off pretty hard. https://www.businessinsider.com/trump-mormon-struggles-bad-news-2020-presidential-election-2020-1 &gt; Only 58% of Mormon voters said they would back Trump over Democratic candidate Joe Biden, the current leading contender for the nomination. Even fewer Mormons—slightly more than half (52%)—have a favorable view of Trump. 43% have an unfavorable opinion of him. Compared to Trump's base, and other evangelical groups, those are practically democrat numbers. Mormons tend to 'walk the walk' a lot more than evangelicals when it comes to personal conduct, and Trump's attitude hasn't really won him any favors with them as a voting bloc. They would jump on voting for a fellow Mormon if given the option in a heartbeat.
Agreed. However, what it indicates is that Mormons, more than any other GOP voting bloc, are looking for an alternative to Donald Trump.
https://www.prri.org/spotlight/white-evangelical-protestants-attitudes-toward-donald-trump-2015-2019/ White evangelicals: 73% favorable. 2% off the low end of the margins for the general GOP supporters, probably because nearly all white evangelicals identify as republicans or republican leaning.
Suburban white women aren't a 'tribe' in the same way as religious groups are. They are far less monolithic in values than those folks who are members of distinct cultural groups like Mormons or evangelicals. That's an apples to oranges comparison. Both fruit, but they don't usually grow on the same tree.
&gt; Maybe 2nd world. Is that a thing? "Developing nation". [We've backslid from first world to developing status.](https://www.bloomberg.com/opinion/articles/2019-02-21/u-s-is-a-rich-country-with-symptoms-of-a-developing-nation)
Probably not, but the folks in charge were definitely taking notes from our crib sheet.
They're a cult of mad scientists able to justify the worst sorts of callous scientific experimentation through their religious zealotry.
"Dominated by a police force" is sort of the problem, Kayleigh.
No idea. The line is different for every one. This isn't me saying that Utah will definitely cut democratic. Just some additional context for the folks saying that it couldn't happen. It's really just interesting to see how much he has managed to turn off what is normally a rock-solid GOP group in the last 3 years.
So he's getting advice from Putin on how to handle dissidents now? That's not going to go wrong at all. Wonder if that's where all the dominate rhetoric he came out with today came from?
&gt; Thats really unfair, its not fair people are dying, but people that are kneeling with us and showing they belong in their roles, do not deserve the harsh scrutiny as the other filth that wear uniforms. They're either complicit in allowing that filth to persist, or useless for failing to remove it. Either way, they deserve to be painted with the same broad brush.
You mean take a knee for instagram, then put on the gas masks and get back to business with the tear gas?
I'm late to the Gen X gravy train at 40. I was just getting my shit together when the last recession kicked my legs out from under me. I feel you, brother.
Patriot act allows military to be deployed in the event of a terrorist attack. He declared Antifa a terrorist organization. All protests are obviously full of Antifa terrorists. That's the way Barr will inevitably argue it.
Just watched his Rose Garden remarks, seems like it's out the window.
I'm one of those 2nd amendment crybabies in that I exercise that right and think it is important. We may be finding out how important shortly if this current trajectory keeps going.
Where's all those folks who were saying the military would never march on US citizens when folks were saying Trump would eventually try to pull this shit?
Don't confuse the NRA folks with the 2A folks. There are at least dozens of us who would use our guns to oppose fascists rather than be fascist.
I expect this behavior from Trump. What's more concerning is this is illustrating how far the rot has gone. Naysayers have been saying that the generals wouldn't sign on to shit like this, that people in the military would resist orders like this, that folks within government would resist autocracy. And yet he's been purging everyone from the government that opposes him. Looks like he's been pretty successful so far. He can do anything he wants unless someone stops him, and it doesn't look like anyone is going to stop him.
Been obvious for a while. Just getting harder for folks to ignore.
&gt; They protect property and serve the oligarchy. That's all they've ever been. In the early age of industrialization, between 1820 and 1840, is when you began to see modern police forces come into being, and they were universally created as a response to unruly crowds. Worker's demonstrations in England, economic demonstrations in New England, and the threat of slave revolt in the south all independently spawned standing police forces. The 'small town cop' and 'protect and serve' tropes are just marketing. The foundation they were built on was that of slave catchers and bully squads. Is it any wonder this is what they are today?
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Civil_forfeiture_in_the_United_States
They're meant to be fired at the ground in front of protestors so they bounce up and shed some velocity and hit the target in the legs. Shots aimed at the torso or head can kill. They are also intended to be used at very specific distances, like 30-70 feet. If a cop is shooting point blank towards someone's face, they are trying to kill or maim that person.
Looks like Trump's escalation is bearing fruit.
Well Trump declared war on the public yesterday, and cast law enforcement as a hostile occupying force. Looks like we're now seeing an entirely predictable escalation as a heavily armed public shifts from protest to insurgency. We've got at least 5 more months of this folks. Buckle up.
I found it weird that all the dominate rhetoric started immediately after the Putin call. That style of crack down might work elsewhere, but American citizens have the ability to hit back harder than pretty much any other civilian population in the world in terms of raw firepower. Re-framing this as a war and deploying troops is not going to have the results that Trump is expecting. I suspect Putin knows this, but I imagine the consequences of escalation were lost on Trump.
I'm not saying Putin is responsible, but there's a recurring theme where things are shitty, Trump talks to Putin, and then Trump makes things worse. We've got plenty of things wrong with us as a nation, but that doesn't change the fact that I still think Putin is playing the role of Wormtongue to ol' Donnie Dumbass.
You don't have to condone it to recognize that it is the entirely predictable and inevitable result of decades of aggressive policing further escalated by violent rhetoric rhetoric from the president.
The call can be about more than one thing. "Thanks for the help with the G7 thing, my friend! Oh, and before I go, you need to do something about those protests, Donald. Here in Russia we would dominate the streets with our military and force them to stop, then toss the leaders into jail for a decade. You can't let them think you are weak, or they will never stop. Anyway. Goodbye, my friend!"
If that Rose Garden address last night didn't convince them that this is not the usual 'both sides' race, nothing will. And I say that as someone who is pretty far left, and very skeptical of guys like Biden. I don't agree with him on a lot of things, but I know beyond a shadow of a doubt that he's the only real moral choice we can make in the face of open fascism.
And they won't, because just like those of us working for companies we hate, they need the paycheck and there's no safety net to catch them if they torpedo their career on principle.
I watched it on the live stream as it happened. He strutted behind the line like a tinpot dictator.
He's just notable because of who he is and what he represents. Protestors are out their fighting for their lives and to be heard, and vultures like Paul descend on the situation to stir shit up and harvest youtube views.
&gt; I don't think GWB was evil, just kind of simple and trusting. You bought his role. [The whole 'aw shucks' routine was a mask.](https://www.theatlantic.com/magazine/archive/2003/04/close-up-the-mind-of-george-w-bush/303399/) He may not have been the mastermind that Cheney was, but he was an active participant. He has probably the highest amount of emotional intelligence of any living president. There are folks who tell anecdotes of him rolling up to them, shaking their hand, calling them by their first name, and asking about their kids after only meeting the guy once years before and chatting for 5 minutes. GW knows people and how they tick on a level few politicians do. None of the shit his administration pulled would have slid through as smoothly without him acting as the face and greasing the wheels. The "I'm not all that smart guys" routine was hammed up for the cameras, and he used that to manipulate people. In a lot of ways, he was the anti-Trump. Same instinctual grasp of people, his base, and how to talk to them, but rather than the manufactured tough guy facade that Trump uses, Bush is channeling that wholesome Texas good ol' boy energy.
Texans *lost their shit* over jade helm. If active military roll in on APCs and start stomping through the streets, a whole lot of Texans will forget a republican is in office and start breaking open the doomsday bunkers.
That's exactly it. They stoked that fire so hot out here over that conspiracy theory that it's part of the Texan zeitgeist now. There were gun shops running out of ammo leading up to that. They cannot move military into Texas in an aggressive posture at this point without it blowing up in their face. The doomsday preppers are already convinced the end times are here. "Thousands and thousands of heavily armed soldiers" in Texas are going to lead to some group of rednecks somewhere loading up the pickup, strapping grandpa's WWII Browning to the roof, and taking pot shots at someone in an army uniform. Trump may think he wants that escalation, but Abbot knows where it ends.
Some folks are more devoted to order than to justice.
Actually I think a lot of folks are sorta realizing that maybe we can do something about it. I think this week it's starting to click for a lot of people that there are a whole lot more of us than them.
That only matters if someone does something about it. If there's one thing the last 3 years have shown us, it's that laws are ephemeral social constructs that only exist in our imaginations, and must be reinforced with action to actually affect the world.
Yup. They have been suppressing a lot of the coverage of the protests for being 'off topic'.
That's the line on her resume that got her the job for this administration. She has relevant experience.
I'm sure there would be some conscientious objectors, but history has shown us over and over that 'just following orders' will happen. Ultimately the service men and women need their paychecks just like the rest of us, and there are no safety nets if they torpedo their careers on principle. So it won't be everyone willing to take up arms at Trump's command, but i think it will be enough if he tries it.
No idea. You'd have to ask the mods.
I read that as "Furry Road" and shuddered a bit [because that may still apply.](https://www.reddit.com/r/Portland/comments/gv36yg/unicorn_man_playing_the_star_spangled_banner_to/)
If you had any doubts about whether American soldiers would take up arms against American citizens, I think we just got our answer.
Yup. There's a reason why you hear the phrase "hearts and minds" so much when they talk about their recent strategies for the middle east (at least prior to Trump). Spite is one of the great motivators for the human condition, and nothing breeds spite quite like watching someone blow up your neighborhood. You can't beat a population into submission once they have nothing left to lose unless you are willing to commit genocide, and you can't commit genocide on the population funding your war machine.
Which is why we can't get out of Afghanistan.
&gt; He knows that Biden will do his community no good. 8 years of Biden would be devastating for the black community. And what the hell do you call what is happening outside right now?
The Greeks know how to protest.
They have no business being there at all and they certainly aren't owed any special respect for 'just following orders'. If they're going to stand on that side of the picket line on the order of a fascist, then they need to get used to carrying that stain.
"Just following orders".
I live in an area where the cops are never there when you need them, but always show up when you don't. I'm all for having cops as first responders that show up for an emergency, but then they just need to head on back to the station and stay out of the way. The ones rolling through the neighborhood looking for ways to turn people into criminals aren't making people safer, or 'serving and protecting'.
&gt; that every cop is bad Bad, apathetic, or useless. Take your pick. If there were any good cops, this shit wouldn't be pervasive. You can see it in a microcosm of the 4 officers involved in Floyd's murder. Derek Chauvin was bad, Thomas Lane was useless, and the other two were apathetic. That's the way it is in every department in every city across the country. Bad cops do bad shit, most of the rest don't do shit about it, and the few who think of themselves as the good guys don't do enough to change the system they are working in.
Veterans in the police force aren't the issue. The issue is acting like military training is a prerequisite for police service. Treating police like a military branch instead of public servants is why we are in this mess. If you train them like soldiers and equip them like soldiers, we shouldn't be surprised when they act like soldiers. We need to break the barrier between cops and the public so they stop viewing the world through the lens of thin blue lines and soldiers and civilians.
Yeah, yeah--both sides. The last 3 years should show you that the choice is between active malevolence, and (at worst) callous indifference. Would you rather the guy in charge work to actively destroy the country, or just not help enough? We can work within the framework of the latter to effect change, the former can only be resisted.
The idea of deterrence is a joke. Anyone intent on crime can just wait 4 minutes for the cop to roll on down the road. &gt; They are supposed to show up after a crime has been committed not before. That's my point. So why do we need them out looking for trouble and acting like road pirates when they aren't responding to emergencies?
Yup. Figured.
&gt; Asked how the anti-lynching bill could be applied to altercations that result in "minor bruising" or what language he was hoping to get removed, Paul's office referred to a statement from the GOP senator. "The bill as written would allow altercations resulting in a cut, abrasion, bruise, or any other injury no matter how temporary to be subject to a 10-year penalty. My amendment would simply apply a serious bodily injury standard, which would ensure crimes resulting in substantial risk of death and extreme physical pain be prosecuted as a lynching," he said in the statement. So what I am hearing here is that Rand supports a little light lynching.
What's unique about us is how much time we spend sanitizing our history and lionizing war criminals. Other countries have similar atrocities in their past, but no one else has the propaganda arm of Hollywood to rewrite our role in history. At this point, very few people realize that most of our common history was "based on a true story" and not actually the clear, unvarnished truth.
He needs the election to maintain the appearance of popular consent. The insurgency that he would create by cancelling it indefinitely would not allow his administration to be sustainable. We'll be voting, but he'll be cheating.
You and me both, buddy.
I stuck [Grandson](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lEchrHp83v8) back into the [rotation](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Osd9lEGzDCw) too.
They gotta earn their vodka rations somehow.
[This is basically the same role she plays for the GOP.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8YAscXQKLSs)
It is because they are at war with us. They want to break the will of the protests, not deescalate the situation.
They were never there to protect the people. It's always been about protecting the cops from accountability.
"We investigated the incident and determined the use of force was justified and proportional to the threat they faced."
That shit goes both ways. Notice how quickly the tone of the protest has changed to a disorganized mass with looting and no real coherent message to coordinated groups that are starting to work together to neutralize some of their common tactics and push back. This wave my die down and come to an end, but the next wave of protests after some power-tripping cop steps over the line will hit harder and faster. There's something the folks in power desperately want you to ignore. There are more of us, than them. The US is too big, too populous, and too armed to occupy. That's why they are trying so hard to break the will of the protestors and strangle this movement in the crib. If just 3-4% of the population gelled behind these protests for an extended time, neither the police or military could put a stop to it. Their only option would be capitulation because escalation just destroys everything they want to control. And before someone says "but the drones", our military could destroy the country, but they don't have the numbers or resources to police it. And you can't destroy the population funding your war machine.
This is definitely some r/latestagecapitalism shit.
*People* are destroying this country.
Politics are just how people make decisions as a group. Absolving the people for the system they have created and exploited is a scapegoat. *People* are actively driving the divisions and polarization that are making our politics so toxic for selfish and venal reasons.
Trump didn't cause all the things that are wrong with us, but he has sure as fuck dragged it all out in the open for the entire neighborhood to gawk at.
[GTFO with the antifa conspiracy bullshit.](https://www.google.com/search?client=firefox-b-1-d&amp;channel=tus2&amp;sxsrf=ALeKk00_AfXwDtoO3-6LAkDOkIV0WGDtvQ%3A1591447095051&amp;ei=N47bXrXaAsLIsAW6_oOwDg&amp;q=matthew+Rupert+%2Bantifa&amp;oq=matthew+Rupert+%2Bantifa&amp;gs_lcp=CgZwc3ktYWIQA1Ce2QFYpesBYMDtAWgAcAB4AIABnQGIAbwLkgEEMC4xMJgBAKABAaoBB2d3cy13aXo&amp;sclient=psy-ab&amp;ved=0ahUKEwj10Z22mu3pAhVCJKwKHTr_AOYQ4dUDCAs&amp;uact=5)
Oh you know, a little election interference and voter suppression. The usual.
It's all ego with them. They expect you to grovel. Anything less is a challenge, and a challenge has to be punished. The law enforcement profession just seems to attract the most fragile, ego-driven dickheads on purpose.
Just stop.
Only if we let him have it.
The ACLU is who I would put in charge of reviewing use of force complaints. You can even cut their work load by having departments review the use of force complaint first. If they find it is founded, the cop is fired as above, and anything the department finds as unfounded would be kicked up to the review board for a second pass. If the review board reverses the department's decision, then the department should lose federal funding until the entire department undergoes 'calibration training' on use of force. With continued budget funds firmly tied to trying to avoid using force, the culture would change top down because the brass would be pushing hard towards deescalation to minimize force intervention and avoid the possibility of complaints. You might even see cops start acting like folks in a customer service role and treating civilians with some respect because suddenly they'd have to worry about those bad "customer satisfaction surveys".
The country is real close to being on fire right now. You might want to evaluate whatever nihilistic impulses you have if you're still watching what is going on and supporting Trump.
Push for the representatives in your state to enact or ratify the [National Popular Vote Interstate Compact.](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/National_Popular_Vote_Interstate_Compact) It's an agreement among a group of U.S. states and the District of Columbia to award all their electoral votes to whichever presidential candidate wins the overall popular vote in the 50 states, effectively killing the electoral college. However, it does not go into effect until enough states sign on for 270 electoral votes. Enough states have agreed to it for 196 electoral votes as of March this year. 120 votes worth of states are currently considering it. Yours might be one of them.
The only thing we as individuals can to do stop the ratfucking is run the numbers up with votes. I agree with everything you said, but the point of running up the score is to make it harder for Trump cronies to rest their thumbs on the scale. They will be trying to discount and toss out votes to tip the scales in his favor, the more votes they have to disappear, and the more rats they need fucking, the more visible their influence on the process will be. Getting out to vote (and bringing everyone we can with us) is how we fight from our end, and then when the voting is done we keep working to hold democrats accountable for fighting on their end.
As opposed to 45% of the nation deciding what happens for the other 55% like what is happening now? How is tyranny of the minority better than tyranny of the majority? Every argument for the electoral college is an argument against democracy. The minority is represented in the house, the senate and the presidency should be chosen by the majority.
Careful. I got banned the other day for [quoting one of the founding fathers](https://www.loc.gov/exhibits/jefferson/105.html) who talked about that subject.
It's not about his sexuality, but his hypocrisy. His sexuality is all but confirmed, but he keeps voting against LGBT interests in lockstep with the rest of his homophobic party because he knows they'll boot him out of the club the second one of the photos Trump and others are holding over his head gets leaked. He could very easily step over to the right side of history, but he probably can't do that and stay in the GOP.
What's the fallacy? Your assertion is that empty land should be prioritized over people when it comes to picking our executive leader. Defend your position and I'll be happy to evaluate your views.
Yup. You are correct.
I suspect he's one of those folks who loves the taste of boot leather.
It helps to be an old white dude.
I can imagine, and just know that I wish shit was better in this country on all side, but there are no kids in the picture for us. We discussed what you're describing a few times, but ultimately there was just never enough time, money, or desire so we stuck with 4 legged kids.
Showing people what actually happened, instead of the sanitized cop explanation, might have ~~resulted in actual justice~~ prejudiced the jury.
The cops in Austin, Dallas, and San Antonio are going ham right now. You might actually get some liberals showing up to the polls this go around.
We're getting a lot of West Coast transplants too.
Your analogy is bullshit because its apples and oranges. A community of citizens is not a government organization contracted and paid to provide a service to the community. They're individuals who don't owe you or me anything, and they can't be fired because they're not obligated to justify their right to exist. And since you can't fire them, your only choice is to try to help them, or clean up the mess (hint: it's cheaper to help). Cops, on the other hand, do take an oath of service, are held to standard for their continued employment, and are ultimately answerable to the political body that empowers them, which is an extension of the people you are trying to disparage with your shitty analogy. We don't have to put up with shitty cops because we *can* fire them because they are obligated to justify their right to exist.
Depending on the location, the mayor, or city council can just fire the offending cops. They don't have to keep them around if they are not serving the public interest.
I don't understand the point of your straw man analogy other than to demonstrate your hatred of poor people. But what I can tell you from experience, is once the work culture of a specific location is toxic, no amount of retraining fixes it. At a minimum, you have to identify the rank and file folks driving the toxic culture and fire them, get rid of leadership, and *then* engage your retraining overhaul. Otherwise all the policy changes and retraining last right up until the folks doing the retraining pack up and go home, and then the same shitheads causing the problem before you got there begin undermining the new policies, and the leadership that weren't doing anything about it before, continue to not do anything about the issues those chucklefucks are causing. And that was in my previous life as a brand consistency auditor for a restaurant franchise. You cannot change the culture of a group without buy in from the group. We do not have buy in for the need for reform from police. The folks I was dealing with didn't have powerful unions, qualified immunity, and a "thin blue line" mentality to contend with. Cops are a worst case scenario. No reform is going to work until you shatter the existing culture so you can build a new one.
They can apply pressure to the chief who can fire the rank and file. "Get rid of those 4 assholes." "No." "You're fired." And then during the interview for the next chief, "How do you feel about firing these 4 assholes?"
I've been in a position where I could have used the help of a cop about a half dozen times over my life, and in every instance, adding cops to the situation failed to improve it. They either showed up and were useless, or they showed up and actively made the situation worse.
It's racial at the core. The ability to publicly express anger is one of the key bits of privilege that I don't think most white folks understand that they posses. If you don't believe me, go online and see how many videos of black folks you can find where they are exhibiting "Karen-like" behavior, and *having that behavior indulged*. Find me a couple of videos where a black man raises his voice to a cashier (justified or unjustified) where the encounter doesn't end with security or the cops showing up.
The general consensus of the black folks I know was to say it was true, but Biden doesn't get to say it out loud. They were more than willing to give him a pass, especially after the apology. White liberals are way more fragile than black folks when it comes to shit like this. As terrible as it is, black folks expect a little racism to shoot out of the mouth of old white folks every now and again. It's awful, but it's also inevitable. The difference between these two men running for president is how they respond when it happens. Biden apologizes, Trump denies it was racist. Given that these are the choices, "flawed but trying" seems to be the better option when compared to "unrepentant racist".
Some people love the taste of boot leather.
And this is why any real reform starts with firing most of the cops currently working. Can't remodel a house that's already on fire. Have to tear it down and rebuild it first.
I know exactly what they think of the public: **Contempt** con·tempt /kənˈtem(p)t/ noun: contempt the feeling that a person or a thing is beneath consideration, worthless, or deserving scorn.
The real danger here is there is so much work that needs to be done behind the scenes to repair damaged systems that Trump has destroyed, that there's a real good chance that nothing else gets done in Biden's term, and in 2024 folks will cut back right to 'try something different'. We need to hold Biden to his campaign promises, but also be realistic when / if republicans keep the senate and neuter any legislative progress. It takes twice as long to repair things once they are destroyed, and this administration has been doing a lot of destroying.
Oh, I wasn't suggesting that. But he could very well get a couple of years out of this rent free. Pay the rent into a savings account in case someone comes knocking for it, keep the property taxes caught up, and then when someone does eventually show up with the deed, either take your nest egg and go, or offer to buy them out and use the rent you saved as a down payment.
If nothing else, Romney has proven that he does have a tiny kernel of an actual ideology deep down in the center of his republican soul. On some level he thinks of himself as a good person, and there is the smallest spark of morality there telling him to speak up when no one else in his caucus would.
He's done in the GOP. The biggest sin there is in the republicans is breaking ranks. He might be able to cling to his senate seat because he is popular at home, but I wouldn't be surprised if he gets primaried. He can't win president without Trump's base, and they'll never vote for him with those videos of him saying black lives matter with a backdrop of "antifa rioters".
He all but quit the party. They're either going to force him out, or we might see a few other folks fall in line behind him on the right. I suspect it will be the former.
There's nothing necessarily wrong with conservatism in a functional political system. It's ok to have different ideas about government, and there is nothing inherently bad about valuing stability and an "if it ain't broke don't fuck with it" approach. But we don't really have conservatives in this country (unless you count parts of the democrats). We have regressives and fascists.
There's always going to be compromise in a democratic system. You can compromise with conservatives and still get progress, they just tend to slow it down. You can't compromise with regressives.
Good luck with with your unwavering convictions.
The confederacy lost the war but won reconstruction.
Might as well ask a fish to build a fire.
About 70% of the US is conservative when you take the position of the current Overton window into account. And it's not about thinking conservative views are equally correct, it's about acknowledging that any progress forward must take into account the concerns and desires of those folks that may not believe your views are any more valid than you consider theirs.
I grew up near there, and this news hitting yesterday took me more by surprise than finding out Romney marching. The kids might just save us after all.
I think you nailed it on the head. I think he's the last guy left in the national level GOP that actually has principles. They aren't my principles, but I can't fault the guy for finally hitting a limit and deciding he wouldn't compromise his beliefs for the sake of power or influence any more for a canker like Trump.
They're also easy targets for reverse mortgages and Nigerian prince scams.
And now you know why every time you actually need the police to take a report you hear, "it's a civil matter".
&gt; If all those demonstrators were armed, Trump could just declare them "leftist terrorists" and call in the military to attack them with drones or helicopters. No. He can't. Assuming he could convince the military to follow those orders, drones and attack helicopters are not precision weapons. Bystanders get killed in droves when you deploy weapons of war like that. If one unarmed black man dead on national TV caused this current protest, what happens when the videos of dozens of dead children in a destroyed city block hit youtube? The US military can destroy the United States, but it doesn't have the manpower or hardware to project enough force to actually police it long term. It's too big, too populous, and too well armed. There are almost 400 million private guns in circulation. If just 3-4% of the nation took to the streets in response to an attack like that, that's over 10 million people. The entire number of enlisted folks in all branches is just over a million. That is why the police are responding with the brutality they are right now. They're trying to strangle this movement in the crib because they *know* that if it hits critical mass, they are fucked. The police in the hotbed cities right now are already stretched thin, exhausted, and hitting the end of their ropes. Meanwhile the protestors have an endless stream of reinforcements. Don't underestimate your own power in the face of this would-be autocracy.
Ok. Tell me what reform the police means. Tell me what demilitarize the police means. Demilitarize means to remove military forces from an area. Is that what you want? Literally no police? I don't know if I agree with that. Tell me any other 2-3 word slogan that explains detailed policy points in that soundbite. Defund is exactly what is sounds like: "cut police budgets". It then follows that the money would be reallocated to folks better equipped to use it.
You're wasting your time with an account named "Shillsonreddit".
&gt; and most Americans are hoping that come next winter the hospitals will be more prepared and social distancing will be enough. Hope in one hand and shit in the other, and see which fills up faster.
You've definitely got a knack for optimism. All I can say is hold onto your butt, because the next 6 months is going to be a bumpy ride.
ding ding ding
When you or I hear the phrase "police state" it's a threat. They hear it and get a chub. Cops are perfectly fine with an authoritarian regime because they know which side of the line they will land on. With Trump's rhetoric the last 3 years, I suspect they all assumed now was the time to take over, and they may be a bit confused as to why it isn't working.
Yeah, but not really. Calling it a police state would imply we don't have a choice. The truth is that we can throw off the yoke any time we want as long as we are sufficiently motivated.
As opposed to the current form of public safety that doesn't seem to be all that safe? When all you have is a gun, every problem feels like target practice.
Police departments didn't exist as a concept before about 1820. They became popular in the 20 years that followed for one reason: to respond to unruly crowds of angry citizens. It was the worker riots in England and the northeast US, and worries of slave revolts in the south, that saw most urban areas instituting police departments during that period, not a desire to prevent rape or murder. They were the original union busters and slave catchers, not public servants. Riot control has always been the reason they exist. What they are doing to counter protestors now is them fulfilling their original charter. Enforcing the property rights of the wealthy is all they have ever existed for. Anything else they do is incidental.
Democrats and republicans are both capitalists at heart, and both are putting profits over the needs of people because their path to reelection rests with those writing the checks. Reactive enforcement will always be worse than proactive social programs in terms of preventing crime. The science is already settled. The problem is prisons and police make too many people too much money for the current system to change unless we're willing to tear it down. Maybe you're ok with the systemic cruelty and modern day slavery inherent in this system, but thankfully there are a lot of folks who are not.
&gt; proven to work. Sources needed.
Yes. Surely an audit will save the day. Let's confirm what we already know so that we can furrow our brows and then increase police budgets for more retraining.
We're way past audits or firing a couple lieutenants. The rot runs down to the foundation. [I'd recommend giving this a read.](https://medium.com/@OfcrACab/confessions-of-a-former-bastard-cop-bb14d17bc759) It's long, but is a good perspective from one former cop and his experience in the system. The gist is that every cop in the system is either actively engaging in this behavior, or actively ignoring it. There are no good cops because the system doesn't tolerate them.
It is bizarre to me how in denial the GOP seems to be about the current situation. I always assumed that the leadership was wise to the game and just the rubes voting for them bought the lies they were peddling, but I guess they really have been getting high on their own supply. It would be so easy for them to just start cutting checks between now and November. Bribery is such a huge part of the Washington culture, that I can't understand how they aren't pushing for direct stimulus to buy themselves some votes in the face of this train wreck.
It's always going to hit faster and harder in cities than rural areas. Since the main risk associated with Covid is in overwhelming the available medical resources, you're going to get very different results in urban areas compared to rural.
&gt; You can enjoy art without agreeing with the message of the art piece. Sure you can, but the art takes on a different meaning in the mind of the one consuming it that changes the piece. A song [like this](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PkGwI7nGehA) means something different reflected in the mind of someone like Mark Zuckerberg than it does in the average member of the public. What does a song about tearing down the system mean when you are on top of it instead of buried under it?
People are already protesting and ready to burn shit down. What happens when we add 10 million fresh homeless folks to the mix?
This. The last month has taught a lot of young people about praxis.
There are no good cops because the system the bad cops have built will not tolerate them.
The public was never part of the equation. Cops are the part of the system that wields the state's power of violence so all state power begins and ends with them. If they break the law, who does the system send to deal with them? Other cops.
Nope. It'd be other cops. Possibly another agency, but still ultimately cops.
The '3 felonies' estimate was coined by Harvey Silvergate in [his book.](https://www.amazon.com/Three-Felonies-Day-Target-Innocent/dp/1594035229) It's worth the read, and appears to hold up when you look at the average person's activies. It's a symptom of the over-policing and over-incarceration the system operates under. Our lawmakers are *constantly* criminalizing behavior rather than addressing the systems to prevent the behavior, and much of that is at the behest of special interests. Cops then selectively enforce those laws to punish or advantage certain groups (consciously or unconsciously). That is why simply having more cops policing a given community inevitably leads to more criminals in that community. The act of "being a criminal" mostly depends on whether a cop is in the vicinity to bust you for shit you are already doing.
I pointed at the source. It's definitely an unscientific estimate but is based on the wide variety of both vague, and far-reaching laws that have made it into the legal code over the past several decades. If you want the specifics, buy or borrow the book. If you want more info, I assume you have the same access to google as I do.
Spike Lee's not king of the blacks. You can keep concern trolling actual activism if you want, or you can get in line and try to support the message. You do you, my friend.
Yup. That'd be insurrection. I'm talking more about what happens when a cop breaks laws. Other cops invesitgate / arrest them. That conflict of interest is a big part of the problem.
&gt; the origins of “jaywalking” https://www.bbc.com/news/magazine-26073797 or if you prefer a video https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-AFn7MiJz_s&amp;feature=emb_title
Of course they are. People are in the streets finally demanding change and all the fragile white moderates are hung up on the phrasing of the message instead of the message itself. Defund the police means defund the police. But turns out democrats love the taste of bootleather just like conservatives, and the woke folks chilling in the suburbs are afraid of what might happen if poor neighborhoods weren't treated like occupied foreign territory during wartime too.
&gt; I did note repeatedly that if they both ignore the law and the Constitution and that no one stops them, yes- we no longer have a country, and it's Civil War 2.0. I agree that an overt coup isn't going to happen because neither side really wants a civil war. What I fear is that he will cheat with the help of the GOP state houses and governors, and it will be blatantly obvious to everyone that the outcome isn't legitimate, but that no one will be able to do anything about it without GOP cooperation, so the outcome will "default" to him keeping office.
If the process becomes broken enough that the military acts to restore order, that is essentially a coup. If we get to that point, the American experiment is over, and what comes next will be something fundamentally different.
&gt; They point they're making is that this law acts on its own. No law acts on its own. Period. Laws aren't real, they are a group delusion. They are ephemeral concepts that require action and will to bring them into being. The only true power they have are the people enforcing them, and a significant portion of the folks responsible for enforcing the law are not currently acting in good faith. People need to understand that so they know how important it is to pay attention and act in whatever power they have to stop this situation. If we want these laws to save us, it will take our will to make them manifest.
Trump is not the threat here. It is the GOP as a whole. They are acting in lock step on the national level, state and federal positions together, to suppress the vote and create a climate where they can lock in one party rule. Trump will ultimately be a sacrifice on the altar of that goal. He's the one who is soaking up the blame for this, but we've been watching an overt conspiracy unfold in full view of the public for the last 3.5 years and half the country is 100% on board. The goal of the GOP is not to make Trump dictator for life. They only want him in office long enough to finish creating an electoral climate where the senate and White House remain in GOP control from here on out. They want a one party state, not King Trump. He's just a means to an end.
Oh, you mean people are using a term that is not the same as the dictionary definition? That most people understand what the slogan means when you say 'demilitarize the police' thanks to the political activism surrounding the situation? Wow. I wonder what would happen with that whole 'defund the police' thing if people explained the intent behind the slogan a few times?
That is why cops, as they exist now, should be abolished. They have been removed from the community and elevated above it and are accountable only to themselves.
Oh look. Mods removing an article about the president and first lady as being off topic to US politics.
"First they came for the communists..." etc etc etc
&gt; Too scared to meet the people... &gt; &gt; Too small to meet the moment... &gt; &gt; Too weak to lead. They went for the jugular. His handlers better have plenty of pocket berders to toss in his playpen or he's going to be smearing shit on the walls over this one.
It's all astroturfed. The base is primed to look at anything as government tyranny by their masters who use them as a bludgeon to attack regulations and undermine regulatory institutions. These bad actors used social media to aim the mob at state governments to force a reopening to keep their stock prices high, and the base glomed onto the messaging and ran with it. The masks have just been conflated with the lockdown and is now serving as a 'team jersey', and conservatives are nothing if not tribal.
The outrage gets deployed against GOP initiatives to, they're just more likely to not need the stick and accept the carrot. Don't think for a second that it is due to ideological consistency in the base, though. They'll cannibalize their own at the drop of a hat if someone points the outrage canon at them.
Ahh yes. The liberal pacifist John Bolton. I hear that hippy is a commie now. Him and Mitt have been seen in meetings, I hear.
Nope. The civil war was ordered and prosecuted by the elected president of the united states. Winfield Scott didn't muster armies and march on the south without the go ahead of the commander in chief.
This is where I once again remind folks that all the laws surrounding succession and voting only matter if someone enforces them. You can reply "but the speaker.." until folks are blue in the face, but if they pull some shit, and every member of the GOP collectively shrugs and pretends they don't see it, we can't rely on our institutions to save us.
At a certain point, reminding the cops that they are outnumbered and not capable of matching the public in game of force escalation becomes the point. These protests are a warning. The powers that be would do well to listen while folks are still willing to talk.
&gt; You have some folks (mostly white folks) who say we should try to go through an orderly, slow dismantling of white supremacy. So-called centrists more concerned with order than justice have been a greater foe to liberation than the racists on the right since emancipation.
PR battles were for 60 years ago when MLK was marching. They haven't listened to PR. This isn't a debate, anymore. It is a demand. They ignore that distinction at their own peril.
Just look at how many folks jump on the "we can't say defund because it might offend the sensibilities of the centrists" in every thread. Folks more concerned with order than justice have always been a greater foe to liberation than the racists on the right.
&gt; But I have a major sticking point with the claim that progressives cause more damage than virulent, right-wing, overt racists. That seems like such a disingenuous argument as to be absurd. It's not. Folks on the 'other side' are overt. When the folks who are supposed to be your allies harbor racist inclinations they refuse to confront, the racism is coming from *inside the house*. It's much easier to recognize, confront, and oppose overt opposition than it is to address covert opposition. That inevitably leads to folks within the movement undermining it, and that is far more damaging than those on the outside. There is an insidious message to wait, slow down, and manage expectations coming from these folks that undermines progress that could otherwise be made. There is a reason MLK made this exact point in[ the Birmingham Jail letter.](http://www.hartford-hwp.com/archives/45a/060.html)
Well I'm definitely [not the first person to make the observation. ](http://www.hartford-hwp.com/archives/45a/060.html)
She's a set piece used to prop up his image, she knows it, and she is complicit and actively profiting off of it. She's enabling him.
The point of reparations is to close the wealth gap. If they can somehow figure out a way that is 'colorblind', then all the more power to them. I don't know how that would work, but it would probably be easier to get that past the folks who like to pretend privilege doesn't exist.
I'm never made that assertion. I am saying no one should spare any sympathy for her or pretend she is some helpless, abused prisoner. She knows who and what she is, and is benefiting from her position. She's a willing participant. Whether her motivations are ideological or mercenary don't matter to me.
Doesn't matter what you want to call it if it fixes the problem.
Well put. Cops are in control of the situation from the moment they arrive. They can force a confrontation, freely escalate a situation to violence, and then choose to end a person's life with the knowledge that if the suspect responds with anything other than groveling compliance, they are "justified". Kinda makes you wonder what happened before that video started rolling. How did they get from "field sobriety test" to a guy getting gunned down while running away?
When all you have is a gun, every problem is a target. We can do a better job policing our own communities than the cops can in about 90% of cases.
I think he's one of those folks who prefers the sort of civil disobedience that can easily be ignored.
And that goes for both sides. Like pretty much everything in government, the GOP are worse, but there are a lot of dems that have money flowing into their war chests from the prison industrial complex.
&gt; The Dems need to go all in against “defunding” the police and come up with a catchy new phrase that explains what really needs to be done. Defunding *is* what needs to be done. Retraining is what they have been doing for the last hundred years. Dems are already arguing for funding increases for "bias training" and a bunch of other useless bullshit. Unless reform starts with firing every cop in the nation and rebuilding from the ground up, that's just good money after bad. The culture of policing is rotten. The justice system is designed to create criminals, not promote justice. Anyone who is more worried about the terminology of the message than the reality of the situation is not on your side.
The vast majority of Americans either participate in or profit from systems that do discriminate based on color. If you can't acknowledge that, you are complicit.
He fears the police but he still wants to give them more money for "retraining".
That is the current stance of the police. It's crazy how those body cameras that are manufactured to be rugged, professional pieces of military gear seem to malfunction with such regularity.
The idea that "lack of proper training" is why this is happening is laughable, as is the idea that retraining is going to fix the problem.
The reason I am pointing out that independents don't exist is because of 'the game'. The idea that independents or political moderates exist, and that tacking to the center in the general to appeal to that mythical 'undecided voter' is why democrats keep losing. Whether or not you can convince your voters to vote is what decides elections, not convincing them to vote for your side. Everyone already knows that there are only two viable sides, and they already have a favorite whether they admit it to the pollsters or not. The harder Democrats tack to the center chasing phantoms, the more voters on the left get frustrated, and the more likely they are to drop out of the process. It's a pretty easy game to win at this point. Don't be a monster, keep your promises, stand for human decency, and don't shit on your own voters trying to win votes from the republicans who will never switch teams.
It's nice when the trash takes out itself.
If only they had the power to do something about the stuff that causes such deep furrowing of brows.
The problem with police is not lack of training.
Retraining doesn't change the culture. Any training you toss into the cesspool that currently exists in nearly every police department will be swallowed up and covered in the same shit before the class is over. The rot is down to the foundation. This won't be fixed with a new coat of paint. We have to burn it down and start over. The entire concept of policing needs to change. Anyone telling you anything else is not on your side.
Sounds like communism to me. I hope those patriots don't fall for that antifa propaganda and go there and freely express their freedoms.
People desperately want to believe they live in a world where the folks that make up half our elected officials will have a movie-type redemption arc and suddenly decide to stand up to the bad guys, give a speech about how they can't take it anymore, and save the day. That's not the world we live in, but I get the desire for it to be.
That should be the default setting in any egalitarian society.
&gt; the same statements have been said for generations since the civil war. Because the problem isn't individual, it's *institutional*.
For a preacher from the sixties, I think that was a pretty enlightened perspective. Terrible by today's standards, but then times have changed. The article you linked agrees: &gt; Though Dr King’s response may seem ill-informed by modern standards, his advice to the boy is remarkably calm and polite, given the fears and active scaremongering about gay people at the time.
Give it another few months and we'll have half a million dead Americans due to Covid, and then there's the [200% increase in civilian deaths](https://theintercept.com/2019/10/02/trump-impeachment-civilian-casualties-war/) in the middle east that Trump has encouraged, along with the [genocide in Yemen](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Saudi_Arabian-led_intervention_in_Yemen) we're backing with Kushner's Saudi buddies, and I would say that when this is all said and done, and we're going over the post-mortem for Trump's term, that we'll look fondly back on the Bush years in comparison. Trump's regime has been all of the venal evil of GW's, with a triple dose of incompetence and cruelty on top.
&gt; and the green new deal is super unpopular once you tell people that it'll cost trillions of dollars to do so Which is a dumb reason to oppose something that is this necessary. It's not like they are shoveling dollar bills into a coal plant to get to those costs. That's money that is pumped into creating new industries and solving problems. That's jobs and opportunity for a lot of folks who would benefit from new industries opening up in their neighborhoods.
If they're too fragile to do their job after being called out for not doing their job, then they're just proving the point of the protestors and acting like thugs and criminals.
I started typing a reply about how wrong you were, but decided against it. Gumbo is too personal a thing to share on the internet, I think, because people take it personal.
Gumbo tends to have a darker roux, so you need an oil with a high smoke point. Butter solids in a gumbo roux are going to burn long before the flour is dark enough and give you off notes unless you plan on spending 2 hours cooking the roux. As for tomatoes, They're more common in eastern Louisiana, and usually only show up in seafood gumbos. Some folks will knife you over the tomatoes in gumbo debate, but that is mostly regional, but not common in chicken and sausage gumbos which tend to be simple. For file, it's usually either / or with file / okra. File is what you use when okra's not in season. File is also something you add at the table, not when cooking. You can stir some in right at the end after it's started to cool, but if you cook it, you destroy the thickening power for it, and break down the flavor it adds. A classic west Louisiana chicken and sausage gumbo is just dark meat chicken, andouille or other smoked sausage, trinity (peppers / onions / celery / garlic), the roux (medium to dark), chicken stock, bay leaves, and salt &amp; pepper to taste. Toss in a little thyme and some beer to deglaze the pot after you brown your meats if you want to get fancy, and you can have file at the table with a bottle of hot sauce for folks to dress it up. Serve with white rice, saltines, and potato salad on the side. Everything after that is optional. Edit: [This was linked elsewhere in the thread](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=76JXtB7JFQY&amp;feature=youtu.be). That's a basic, no-frills gumbo.
As soon as they mentioned "bleach poisoning" I knew it was just some sanitizer that didn't get cleaned off of a drink machine well enough and some drama queen cops paranoid about the karma they're putting out into the world coming back to them.
&gt; That wasn’t a protest. It was a revolution. The revolution is what comes after the cops violently suppress protests. That's the thing that the cops seem to have forgotten. They're outnumbered.
&gt; This whole strategy by the admin is weirdly desperate. It's like they've never heard of Barbra Streisand.
If you choose not to decide, you still have made a choice.
When your strategy on every level of the economy is to squeeze every penny out of every person in the bottom 80% of the population, and give them the absolute minimum back, turns out they aren't able to scrape up much of a cushion for when the shit hits the fan.
That paranoia they're feeling is the last little bit of withering conscience left wondering if maybe they are the bad guys who might deserve to get back a little of what they're dishing out.
&gt; employers are dictating how their employees behave in their free time? https://www.workplacefairness.org/off-duty-conduct#1 **1. Can my employer fire me for what I do on my own time, outside of work?** The answer to this seemingly simple question is: it depends. It depends on the activity involved, and whether that activity has any legal protection under your state's laws. *Generally speaking, if there is no law specifically protecting you from being fired for the activity under consideration, and if you are not a union or governmental employee with special protection against being fired without a reason, then you are employed at will.* In other words, yes, people get fired for what they do outside work all the time.
And you can be fired for attending protests about police abuse.
Who you know is almost always going to get you farther than what you know.
Roughly 90% of employees won't be able to negotiate any sort of contract like that in the states. Basically the only folks who can have skill so rare or in demand that they don't have to worry too much even if an offer goes sideways because they have multiple offers to fall back on. For everyone else, a decade of soft job growth and depressed / stagnant wages since the last great recession have made it a buyer's market for employers in most sectors.
Yup. That happened in the last recession all over the economy. Tenured employees were laid off, and when things picked up they were replaced with entry level workers, or their jobs were just rolled into the description of someone else working at the company. That's happening again right now.
This recession we are in now is going to rumble through the next generation. Gen z will be feeling the effects in 20 years, and it's destroyed the ability for a lot of millenials to retire who were actually going to be headed in that direction before this happened. It hasn't sunk in for a lot of folks just how bad this is because we're still riding on the unemployment boost. That ends next month, and since the GOP has signaled they have no intent to bail out regular people, another mortgage crash is right behind it followed by a series of credit defaults and a massive, drawn out period of stagflation if we don't have a sane president and functional congress by January. Hold onto your butts.
When you lose everything your hard work has bought you because of a "blip", how can that be anyting other than a negation of that work? Oh wait. Your hard work bought your employer some stuff they get to keep. I'm picking up what you're putting down: Hard work benefits your masters.
It's all people have ever known, and there is a huge amount of propaganda that goes into maintaining the myth of the American dream and exceptionalism. People have no idea that most other folks in first world countries don't have to worry about being fired and forced into poverty because their employer woke up in a shitty mood.
Because 'deleterious reliance' is a thing. A job offer is a contract in pretty much every layman's understanding of what constitutes contracts. A prospective employer makes you an offer, you accept it, and they give you a start date. That sets a series of events into motion that begin as a result of the offer. If you show up on your first day and the new employer says "Oh, did Cheryl not reach out and tell you? We decided to go another direction. The position is filled, sorry!" You can't unwind the new lease you signed, you may not be able to get your old job back, and even if you can, you've burned bridges. You've burned through savings, spent money on moving expenses, and given away your old furniture that you weren't able to take. I don't understand why you wouldn't find the idea that there are no protections for the employee in that situation is a bad thing considering how one sided the employer / employee relationship is.
Or you'll be rode hard, put up wet, and then have your job outsourced when they decide the premium they're paying you buys them 4 full time employees in Delhi and a bonus for your boss. But hey, roll the dice and hope it doesn't come up snake eyes. Maybe you'll thread the needle, won't have your savings destroyed in a crash, your mortgage go underwater in a housing burst, and not have your job automated into extinction before you retire. Good luck (you'll need it).
&gt; in my mouth. Hey man, you're the one who loves the ball gag as long as it's Bezos saddling you up instead of Uncle Sam.
That exact scenario happened to me. I quit a job in Baton Rogue after getting offered a job in Beaumont, moved, took the drug screen, got my background check done, showed up, got photographed by security, went looking for my direct report and found out that after he had hired me, his department was downsized and folded into another department, and no one bothered to tell me. One employment lawyer turned me down to take the case, another offered to write a demand letter for $200. I ended up writing my own and they offered me $800 for moving expenses. I talked them up to $1000. I'd estimate that little shit show has cost me about $35k at this point, and it may keep paying dividends for the rest of my working life.
Yeah, I think this is the free market working as intended, actually.
It can be amazing, and there are amazing people and cultures here, but you're always one wrong turn from some sort of hellscape. That can be literal in some parts of the country, where certain areas are just festering in the worst sorts of poverty, or it can be more figurative in which one bit of bad luck boots you out of a comfortable middle-class lifestyle and sees you stumble and fall out of the bottom of the economy with no safety nets. The worst part about it is we really do live in two societies. For those in the upper 20-30%, it's great. They tend to have the cushion to absorb a little setback and keep on trucking like nothing is wrong, and they never see the bad side of town unless they volunteer at a soup kitchen with their wealthy church group as a bit of poverty tourism. For the rest of us, it is a permanent life of precarity where one flat tire might be the feather that breaks the camel's back, and a year's worth of savings can be obliterated with one trip to the doctor.
It's not north / south, it's urban / rural. City-dwellers aren't exempt from racism, but just being forced to deal with other creeds and cultures in an urban center tends to lead to a bit of natural selection for the avowed racists. But once you stray out to the holler...
That's the system working as intended. You trade your labor for a fraction of the value produced, and shoulder all of the risk they can stack on your shoulders for the privilege.
There's no excuse for acting like that even if she's the person who's renting the 35 slot, or the owner of the marina. No situation is improved by that sort of behavior.
A state dinner isn't open to the public. This was a public rally. Not a state dinner. I'm not saying it was literally illegal, but I am saying it's pretty gross and we should expect better from the person who presumes to speak for all Americans. But then we know that Trump is a venal, divisive piece of shit who doesn't care about people who don't go out of their way to kiss his ass, so I suppose we shouldn't be surprised that he doesn't care about the egalitarian principles in our founding documents.
Luckily they included some instructions on how to edit it with the user manual.
And part of the job of the countries is not to allow inequality to get to that level, but then government is corrupted by the wealth billionaires wield. If you have billionaires and homeless people in the same society, it is a failed society.
People also need to be aware that police departments are a relatively new invention. We got through all but the last 180 years or so of human history without them, so everyone assuming they're thing standing between civilization and anarchy is just evidence of how deep the 'copaganda' runs. I do think we need someone to call to deal with violent crime, but I also think people would be very surprised about how little would actually change if every cop in the us disappeared tomorrow. We tend to have a very low and unearned opinion of ourselves as a species, and a large part of that is directly caused by the sort of media we're immersed in.
Both autopsies showed that the actions of the cop were contributing factors. If a cop kneeling on his neck for 8 minutes contributed even 1% to his death, he was still ultimately 100% liable because the guy died as a direct and foreseeable result of the willful actions taken.
I get it. You just want someone to tell you that it's ok to murder black folks. That's what you guys mean when you say MAGA right? Getting back to the "good ol' days".
This. When Trump took office, they started saying the quiet parts out loud. I've been with my wife 20 years, and in that 20 years, I've had more strangers tell me that miscegenation is wrong in the last three than the previous 17. This shit has always been here, but they haven't been this emboldened to just be openly awful for 30-40 years.
&gt; A world run by engineers where everyone can get educate if they want to. Less a 'world run by engineers' than "a world were we treat social problems as engineering problems". A super simple example would be if you had a section of grass at a public building where everyone always cuts through it to get somewhere, wearing it down into a trail. The current aproach for 'negative behavior' like that would be to put up a sign that says "stay off the grass" and then ticket people for walking on that path. The engineering approach would be "the users have identified a need for a path here, so let's lay down some concrete and make it official". The basic theory is that most examples of negative behavior are the result of people trying to fill needs that are otherwise unmet, and rather than trying to use negative reinforcement to address the behavior, you fix it by addressing root causes. The base driver for most of the negative behavior is lack of access to resources, so the Venus Project begins by sketching out a 'resource based economy' focused on maximizing access to resources in an egalitarian way. Basically trying to build towards Star Trek type communism.
Someone should tell them the best way to help businesses is to make sure they have customers.
Wonder who is going to shop in them when their previous customers are busy being homeless.
We're past the point of being able to legislate away guns. Thanks to computer aided CNC milling and other desktop manufacturing, if we outlawed guns today, Billy Bob would be firing up his garage shop and cranking out unregistered guns tomorrow. And when it's not easy to get a legal gun, then the folks making the illegal ones will be churning out full-auto versions because if you're in for a penny, you may as well be in for a pound. Guns are, and ever will be, a fact of life in America. We'll get a lot more mileage addressing the root causes of violence than the tools people use to engage with it. Banning guns doesn't fix violence. Look at the UK, they have gun laws that are much more strict, but the violent impulses are still there. They're just expressed a different way. Correcting for population, they have roughly 4-5 times as many instances of arson as we do here in the states. With all the systemic issues we have, even if you could wave a wand and get the 393 million privately owned firearms off the streets, we'd still be trying to kill each other, and probably using methods with the potential for far more collateral damage.
I was replying to the premise presented by the comment above me: &gt; Or maybe someone else rolled over to a bitchy customer But then I think you knew that and you're just looking for a reason to bitch.
This is a perfect example of how privilege and unconscious bias works. The white family was the default that blended into the background, and the black family warranted extra attention. I doubt the guy thinks of himself as racist, I doubt he saw what he was doing as consciously racist, and I know he didn't want to be in that position once he was in it, but the truth of the matter is he probably never even consciously noticed the white folks who were violating the dress code, but the black folks immediately pinged his radar as "other" and he noticed the kid in shorts. Biases are insidious. You could see him struggling with the realization that he had fucked up in the video, but he couldn't square the "I might be racist" realization with his personal self image so he doubled down behind the policy rather than power through the cognitive dissonance and apologize.
Except the dude was the manager, and got put on 'indefinite leave' for this, so I guess he should have broken the rules for them too. He'll have plenty of time to grapple with his unconscious biases while he looks for a new job.
I've been married to a black woman for the last 20 years, and she still elbows me in the ribs sometimes and tells me to stop being racist. It's pretty much impossible for folks to grow up without picking up biases. The trick is to learn to recognize, confront, and evaluate them when put in a situation like this. I really doubt the dude is a bad guy. I just don't think he ever stopped to really consider the situation with a critical eye. The shitty part of this is the company is throwing him under the bus as a mea culpa.
The left has their own mega-corporations and ultra-wealthy sociopaths. Ours are just a little better when it comes to PR. Late stage capitalism is inimical to democracy. We're going to have to address that at some point. If we don't manage to get some actual reformers in office under the democratic banner, then we'll be left with option two. As Chapelle put it, "the streets will speak for themselves."
I'm of the opinion that non-violent crime should almost never result in prison time. Prison should be reserved for those folks who commits acts of irredeemable violence. There's no benefit to society in locking up someone guilty of stealing phone chargers. The system should be reformed to focus on restitution and rehabilitation rather than revenge. The prison industrial complex in this country isn't serving justice, it's built for exploitation.
When all you have is a gun, everything looks like a target.
The idea that immigrants are coming here and taking our jobs is mostly propaganda. If they're hiring immigrants to do the job, and the job can't be off-shored, it's usually because they couldn't source Americans with the needed skills, or Americans won't do the job. H-1B workers tend to make more (an average of over 58% more) than American workers [in every field other than computer science](https://apnews.com/afs:Content:873580003) because those folks are literally the top of the global field being imported for expertise that couldn't be found locally. For folks in computer science industries, there simply aren't enough American folks picking up the right education to fill demand. India specifically has some coding farms that are churning out folks on targeted programs desired by American recruiters, while US colleges take a "generalist" approach outside of a few industry-sponsored coding boot camps. Those foreign tech workers make an average of 9% less than Americans in similar positions, but the companies are paying similar amounts when you factor in the costs and additional expenses of sponsoring foreign employees. Outside of a few bad actors, companies would prefer to fill these spots with Americans, which is why so many are sponsoring coding boot camps. H-1B workers are a stop gap. But all that aside, even if these foreign workers were displacing Americans from jobs, its preferable to offshoring. If they're living here, they're spending money here, and that's still going back into the economy and contributing to aggregate demand which creates more jobs. It's real simple, more people participating in the local economy equals more opportunity for everyone in it. There's no displacement on the macroscopic level. Individuals may miss out on a specific job to a foreign candidate, but the game is not zero sum. The only thing keeping these jobs limited is demand, and demand goes up with people. With the trend towards outsourcing to other countries being what it is, we should be welcoming immigrant workers into the country, because that means their paychecks stay here.
There's room to rework it, but ending it the way the right wants to just accelerates offshoring. But there also needs to be a reworking of the education system preparing students for these programs in the US as well. STEM is sold as an instant six figure income and people are being pushed into 4 and 6 year degrees to pursue basic computer science jobs, so of course they are bent out of shape when they find out that the money they were promised isn't there in the available positions, and their skills are stale because things are moving on outside of the classroom. Coding is rapidly becoming a basic skill in modern industry, and it's not going to keep commanding the premium people expect as it ceases to be a niche qualification. We really should treating a lot of these coding and computer science programs like trades instead of academic programs, and de-stigmatize the lack of a bachelor's degree. There's no need to load most of these kids up with $60-100k in college debt for that.
The tech industry is global now. American workers are going to need to get used to competing with immigrant workers here, or watch the jobs they want get offshored. There's no other realistic option with the state of modern capitalism. So the question then is whether we want the jobs to stay in the US at all, and if so, how are we preparing American students to offer the correct value to employers to command a premium, or getting them trained for the workforce in a way that doesn't saddle them with $60k in debt. Until we have a comprehensive basic income, or a communist utopia, we have to prepare young folks to compete in the capitalist hellscape that is the global economy, and there's no fencing in modern corporations within a single nation state in a way that keeps the US competitive globally. We either do what we can to keep jobs here, which means competing with immigrant labor, or watch as jobs get shipped overseas.
A 50 dollar fine for Jeff Bezos would need to be somewhere in the $12 - 15 million range to be proportional for someone with a median wealth of around $100k. Let that sink in for a minute.
I mean in the short term, the only option is to capitulate now because the capitalists in control of the economy and government have us by the balls and they are setting the conditions. In the long term, the way we combat this is through organization, collective bargaining, and reforming or replacing the systems being exploited.
&gt; The companies could easily hire someone in the US to do the same job, it just might be a bit harder and they might have to pay a bit more. There is some exploitation of H-B1 visas in the computer industry, but for literally every other sector hiring folks on those visas, they pay an average of 58% more than americans in those same job roles usually make. They do that because the folks they are hiring are literally the best in the world and no American's were available with similar skills. Outside of coding farms, the program is being used as intended.
You can think it as much as you want, but can't put the genie back into the bottle. Even if you could take away all of the guns today, people would be building them in their garages tomorrow. The only thing stopping them now is that it's easier to buy them than build them, but if they suddenly became hard to come by you'll just create a black market. When a hundred thousand redneck engineers with garages full of CNC mills and 3D printers move to fill that new demand, they'll be churning out fully automatic rifles, because those are easier to make than semi-auto models. The US is too big to police effectively to prevent that black market from forming, and there is not sufficient political or civil will to change the current status quo. Guns are a fact of American life. If you want to address gun violence, channel your energy into addressing the things driving people to kill, not their choice of tools.
I seem to remember the majority of democrats were against integration once upon a time too. We'll see what happens after a few more months of mass social unrest and police brutality supercuts.
Why not try treating problematic violence by addressing the root causes driving it too?
What about possession worries you if not violence?
Yup. Clicked on the wrong comment.
Violence is bad for society. We ought to strive for a violence-free society. Guns are a separate, but sometimes related, issue. Guns don't cause violence, and taking them away doesn't solve it. Guns just make violence easier, but even if you could snap your fingers and take them away, people would just shift to other forms of violence unless you address the underlying drviers. There's a reason the UK has roughly 4 times the instances of intentional arson (per capita) than the US.
It was up last night. I think reddit hugged it to death with the post yesterday about this card.
I went the 1st twenty years of my life with no negative interactions with police, or any issues with them. Then I met my wife, who is black, and after the third time I was pulled over leaving her family's place, and had to explain that she was not, in fact, a prostitute and I was not in the neighborhood to buy drugs, my opinion changed. The problem with these debates about privilege is that it's invisible to those who have it. I didn't notice mine until a bit of it disappeared by association.
The first time we got pulled over after we got married, the cop seemed to get more angry when I showed him the wedding ring than when he just thought he was hassling me for solicitation.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=P00HMxdsVZI
Use and safety exams are theater. I say that as someone who has gone through the CCL classes. It's a kickback to Golden Corral and a poor tax, and that's it. Ultimately it's always going to come down to personal responsibility when it comes to firearms. No government program is going to take the place of that.
Notice that the mouthpieces of the administration are offering excuses, but no denials.
I have one of those lights, but I prefer just a pair of reading glasses. Didn't used to need them, but getting old sucks.
The hivemind will move to erase him from history when he is gone. A year or two after Trump, zero people will have voted for him in 2016, and the four years before 2021 will be a blank slate except for how Biden screwed up the 2020 Corona-virus response (before he was elected).
I don't think you understand how thoroughly immersed we are in the mythology over here. Indoctrination begins before we can form critical thought for anyone that engages is any form of popular media. It's why the masses have been pretty much 100% complicit in their own exploitation since the 70s / 80s. It's taken the internet, and exposure to folks outside our own local circles, and ability for folks to congregate regardless of geography, for cracks to start showing.
&gt; I don't really see how completely changing the fundamental core of what a company is and what it does could be considered a "pragmatic" change. It's pragmatic because they don't have a choice. The miniature hobby will be moving to resin printers. It's a matter of when, not if. If GW doesn't get in on the ground floor, they're going to be left watching from the sidelines as the hobby leaves them behind. We're in the 'giant cell phone brick' phase of the 3d printing hobby. A decade after the bricks, cell phones began replacing landlines. If GW doesn't get into this as a front-line producer, they're going to be left fighting it until they end up being left doing nothing but farming out their IPs to other design houses. &gt; And lets be honest, there is no way on Earth a UK-designed and made 3D printer would come in at a price that could compete with the existing Chinese brands. You're right there, though. If GW decides to get into 3D printing, they'll do it like every other company and just manufacture their brand overseas, or partner with an existing brand like Elgoo for a GW branded printer locked into their DRM environment.
You can't with the current generation of resin printers, but that will change. One version I saw an article about recently freezes the resin around the cured portion and uses the frozen resin as a support. When the print is done, the resin is thawed and drained away leaving the finished model that just needs to be washed and a final cure.
