This one isnt a thing- anyone could do that in the moment, before realising shinzo meant "(they are saying) please look at them" I suspect this one is being pushed by Russian postfarmers who want trump supporters to feel he is being unjustly picked on and distract attention from the many *actually* stupid things he has done and said
So to fulfill my girlfriend's fetish I painted a load of dildos as garden gnomes and put them out around the garden so she could go around squat-fucking them. But actually they look really nice so I kept them out even after I chopped her up into pieces and stored her in my basement yes this whole comment is a lie.
Hahahahaha
&gt;I don't want a kid dead for the sake of a few iPhones. But a bystander dead from that kid (and all his mates) continuing to drive on the pavement and dangerously for the sake of a few iphones because they know they will get away is fine?!
But the bystander dead is much more likely, and is worse. 742 down 72 has surely saved lives. I have more trust in trained police drivers to minimise the risk of injury and death than I do in crazy moped hoodlums. If one of the hoodlems dies it would be sad, but they are risking the lives of others as well as their own. Doing this allows them to be caught and put in jail where they can't risk their own life on a moped any more, and deters others. By significantly reducing the quantity of these crimes you reduce the risk of deaths overall. Yes it would be good if youth groups and social workers had more money to help fatherless teen lost boys not get into gang life, or even better if their fathers were around, but, as things stand, this is necessary.
That looks like a cat-pug hybrid...
Not that many. He would ,net , add votes to leave by making it more "mainstream", by not being thought racist, and by being a more prominent figure than any of the actual labour brexiteers
If I step off the gas my level *will* go down lol but if they're really pants I'll switch to s&amp;v When I'm playing opponents better than me I *love* it - you get to play like tony Montana's final stand off because your "safe" shots are worthless... :-) Edit: downvote? Weird, I didn't think I was being obnoxious
Yeah an emboldened Russia would never go for some more of it's neighbours and China wouldn't become even more belligerent in its surrounding seas- only america is ever aggressive and everything would just be peachy-pie /s
You "*can't recall*". It's okay we believe you..
This fox wasn't tamed in a Russian experiment- raoh!
I aint goin' up no everest bro!
Good suggestions already. Tennis warehouse site proper has a secondhand section. If it has to be new, maybe Amazon?
Nah, bro- I'm super way more alpha than you!
Lol
Google "recovering alcoholic" lame-o Edit: how dare you downvote me!!! I AM OP!!!!!
Why does the important "not" or "n't" always get left off?
Yah but it's a common thing and a TV series/movie trope, not a wtf. Whatever works
Speaking as that r/tennis user I would give this mind-fuckingly stupid idea a chance. It's true that watching tennis matches takes far too much time and all anyone really is interested in is soap opera-style politics and gossip about rivalries. Plus it's annoying to have to turn off the banging tunes that idiotic exhibitionists such as myself enjoy dancing to in absurd ways to get on tv when we're not jeering and booing just so that points can be played- this solves that problem too, allowing us to create a more modern, lively atmosphere and meaning we can do away with the absurd restriction of "no loud calling out during points" that so many of us have been fighting against lately. Lastly, after Serena William's struggles against sexism, can we really trust elitist authoritarian appointed umpires to judge who is the true winner? I would suggest, though, that rather than by coin toss the results be decided by a phone in vote so that it can be more interactive and engage with audience views- everyone should have a say!
You can't just shed customers like that!
https://s.yimg.com/ny/api/res/1.2/G8cBwVNs8fN.F_PpsiwH0g--/YXBwaWQ9aGlnaGxhbmRlcjt3PTY0MDtoPTQwMA--/https://s.yimg.com/uu/api/res/1.2/s1E7bOG.dPugXpUavTcGZQ--~B/aD03NTA7dz0xMjAwO3NtPTE7YXBwaWQ9eXRhY2h5b24-/http://media.zenfs.com/en/homerun/feed_manager_auto_publish_494/0940262e24a04589a5075ed7d81e9b04 Very long link...
How dare you call me a joke- I am known for being super-cereal
At least he was funny...
The *rise* of Baghdatis!
Just use the butter man it's not that hard
So the person giving the figure for the number of people sitting counted the fat lord as 5
Someone who just hits it back without power, maybe with good placement if they're good, prob good at running balls down, but no power, ever. Their tactic is for you to beat yourself by making errors. Bonus points if they play with a super light racquet with an oversize head...
That's interesting- do you have a link to more?
Everyone on the set of the original star wars thought it was rubbish and a certain flop...
I have pen envy
He can't
Who's been spreading them about then?
Yeah well you try fitting a bigger one up your ass..
Human beings are not intelligent
Hmm, browsing a 4 month old comment thread about a Japanese psychopath to give helpful tips on where to find his merchandise...
We never play with our presents until the twelve days of Christmas are completely over- means I can spend so much more time with my grandson!
Article credit- &gt;Ken Allen, Mexico City
&gt;Every last one of them. They're birds! And I slaughtered them like birds!
Basically they're killer whales...
Too many in the world!!!!! Fight on my lesbian brother!!!!
Holy shit! And all this time I was paying for mouthwash! Thanks for the tip!
Large pension fund looking after, say, a whole state's teachers gets penalised all the more this way
You're doing God's work- this might be the first time in their lives these little shits are allowed to learn the hard way the consequences for doing the opposite of what they are told for the sake of being little arse-holes. I would love to see their reactions...
I'd be very sympathetic if the llama had been unjust in its spitting, but otherwise this is good stuff, lol!
Save you all the time of the rest of your life
That's what revolutionaries always say when they're shafting people- whether they're communists or disaster capitalists
Don't be fooled!!! They are very dangerouse
Life ain't nuthin' but bitches, money and hardcore suppression by a kleptocratic dictator
One of a kind, eh? Is it filled with an ancient version of those screaming squeezable plastic ducks? Or is it just full of the usual tomb shit and the headline is exaggerated?
Lettuce runs out, whereas onions they have loads in the larder. The fresh lettuce and tonatis are probably the most expensive part of any standard burger because they can't be frozen and are presishable, making the logistics more expensive
But there are so many awful stories about Hertz
Livin' it large!
Why don't alcoholics do this intentionally?
That includes things like not permitting gay marriage. There's a big difference between that and chucking people off rooftops
Exactly, if batteries get more efficient then *finally* we will be able to make a thinner smartphone Edit: lighter too, I'm super-cereal
How will you, from a remote frog covered castle, know they are freaking out without social media to observe it on?
I need real plans here, people...
Why? What is on it?
No. Not permitted- be nice to cats.
There's a case that it is in the public interest to do so because male doctors are much less likely to go on to work part time, meaning less are needed and therefore fewer need to be trained to cover the same need and the ongoing salary costs are lower. Edit: I get it- evil patriarchy. Just saying that is probably the rationale for why they would do such a thing, rather than just hating women or something
No. In a public system it is taxes which pay for the difference. There is a cost to gender equality in hiring doctors. There is not unlimited money to pay for health. There is a shortage of doctors which would be less if we were getting more value out of those trained. The american system spends money like water anyway so I'm not talking about the private side so much. It's about the value gained for society per doctor trained.
Easy to be fresh at work if you're only there 2/3 days a week... :-) I mean don't worry I know that this is no go and will not change. Look at the mad downvotes I get even for talking about it lol
Better practise repetitive wrist movements then
Dazed and Confused Just random inappropriate glorification of hazing and bullying
What's wrong with bloody Mary? she's a strong woman taking the Americans for what they're worth
Nothing else.
Exactly my experience
There are pay and play sessions 7-10pm sat and sun, 10-12 Tue, and 1-3pm Fri. Better standard of play on weekend, though not always the friendliest atmosphere. If you don't mind travelling and want the roof not to leak go to Lee valley tennis centre in stratford
Mine would be 15 not from a double fault
The point isn't to harness the "wisdom" of crowds. The point is a) to prevent revolutions and violent upheaval b) share blame- eg if we leave without a deal and it goes as all the worst predictions say, then many brexit voters will regret voting for it rather than having one dictator/monarch to blame it on and behead. In effect we, the people, make the decisions a monarch would- choosing which faction and set of policies to favour. Monarchs made bad decisions sometimes, so do voters. Both can blame their advisors and kick them out but also have to take responsibility for having chosen them in the first place...
How would his start position have helped?
And if he dropped all the trump-speak and started talking intelligently it'd almost be believable lol...
I thought when he dissed McCain and the parent of a dead soldier those were meant to end it. That they didn't probably is the rationale behind his 5th avenue comment...
Who let these dogs out?
Finally a post suitable for r/CatSupremacists
Well if he reads this he will anyway- unless she changed the name of the place she sent him to
Everyone. Violence, death and suffering is worse than the choices being fought between
It should be a capybara
&gt;Other times, one of my trainers will release a crocodile into my house and make me kill it with my tennis racket.
"It's the evil Tories!"
If it smelt like tasty cheese you bet I'm eating it. In fact I bet you could launch a brand for "natural" cheese made only in this way.
Not true: he destroyed my ambitions- didn't even write back, just blocked me: https://i.kym-cdn.com/photos/images/original/001/076/796/a58.jpg
For all we know he called the FBI straight after to report "gio"
So? It doesn't grow in charcoal. If the coal is in a thick layer how did the top trees grow? Question stands
But fossilised charcoal is distinct from coal, right? So how do you get these thick layers of coal?
Line dancing to country music with helicopter action.
Re-read what I wrote
So you have to open up all the curry trays by the door while the poor driver is in a massive hurry to keep up with deliveroo's demands? Not exactly handy or comfortable. Perhaps make more sense to do it just for people who have had multiple food "losses"
But the people on that side are just as bad and wouldn't use "they" anyway
&gt;but then also people would figure out that you can have one meal for free, undoubtedly. It's only a problem with the most egregious offenders who do it again and again. I honestly think opening up a curry at the door is a non starter. I wouldn't, and if I genuinely didn't get my right food and it was my problem because I'd just scanned some shitty barcode rather than fucking around trying not to drop curry all over the hallway while letting all the heat out into the night I think they would lose all future transactions... I suppose they could insist on transparent packaging, but aren't we meant to be cutting back on single use plastic...?
Don't forget a 90's movie style "love story" "I'm going to stop your plane from leaving so that we can be together!"
Sounds like it might have been a drugs allusion
I got thrown by the capital I looking like an l so i would have been slow
A lot of chick sexer's around the world's jobs are at risk by the sound of this
There are tribal cultures where it is normal and non-sexual for women to be topless round and about. If they came to the UK and walked down the high street topless they would likely get arrested for indecent exposure. There are limits. It is quite reasonable to insist on a handshake, and only people who think ideals are more important than getting on with a normal life would bother having a problem with it. Remember they are *asking* to become a *citizen*. You expect more from residents of your home than you do of visitors. It's not like they have to shake the passport officer's hand just to visit or something , which would of course be excessive and no way to treat a guest.
The trick is that half-way down their wishes switched to "oh shit I don't want to die"
Tears of a clown
An AOL cd-rom
If they joined in it would soon be over
Where is Brian?
Loge's
!remindme 1 year
A successful strike
Wet willy
Lock her up! Lock her up!
Your dog looks a little bit burny
And it was the only cut labour did not oppose
I was merely pointing out that labour shared in the blood on this one. And yes, that is how our system of government works, if it works.
I went there for Christmas shopping- it was embarrassingly full of crap. I don't why they thought filling up with vinyl reissues of basic albums, and then making it a hostile space with constant aggressive Christmas music was a good new strategy. I didn't buy anything (for the first time in years). I mean they got rid of being able to listen to things in store years ago, so if you see something you don't already know you are in literally the shittest place to check it out, even if there is an internet preview you can listen to with headphones on your phone because a)background music b)crowded and stressful c) shit signal on oxford street for o2 anyway If they want to do something that isn't junk, they need to have an argos-style system for their DVD's, games and books which people don't really browse, and use the freed up space to be a "destination" music shop, with separated genres, where you can listen to anything that's on sale allowing them to push the audible benefits of more expensive hfpa/sacd audio and vinyl over CD, thus building up a more profitable model. They won't, though, because it would require the music industry to cooperate, and the music industry would like to abandon all physical media if they had their way, and think that people buying vinyl again is a fad, and that they are only listening to the digital downloads that come with the "ornamental" records.
And what was the comeback?
What about earnestly asking why another boy's mom wanted to speak with them?
Bloody Americans. Don't do this, ugh
Oh wow, man- that's super weird!!
I want this now
Yay!
Why?
Do you have buns? This is important please answer
OK but is it organic?
Harpsichord isn't medieval. Replace with virginal and this joke will be funny
2/10
&gt;zu A German spy!
There isn't time to ask about every single thing that women do which has no apparent purpose
Women always take this position which is why you don't bring it up
You should have taught him greetings like: "Not you again" "Look what the cat brought in" "I told you never to come back you damned cheater" "Sorry we don't serve your kind round here"
I want to turn off the backlight but not the screen so I can use a pixel qi transflective display. Is this possible now on linux?- it wasn't before and I expect it isn't now. https://askubuntu.com/questions/938775/i-cant-turn-off-backlight-after-trying-many-solutions
It can do it in xp or w7 https://askubuntu.com/questions/938775/i-cant-turn-off-backlight-after-trying-many-solutions
That was one of the failed solutions at: https://askubuntu.com/questions/938775/i-cant-turn-off-backlight-after-trying-many-solutions Nothing works
The song begins with a sound effect of a human urinating, followed by an interlude in which an unknown male is speaking, denouncing one of his associates for either committing maternal-sodomy in the immediate vicinity or for having bad breath, it remains unclear which. The unknown male requests some bubblegum, presumably to remedy the situation. We are then introduced to the narrator with the nom de plume of Snoop Dogg as he discusses the exigencies of his life; his hometown of Long Beach, California, is very dramatic. He finds the will to create his unique musical style amidst all this drama, and does so daily. He then entreats the listener (affectionately called a “g”) to enjoy his tale in said musical style. Snoop Dogg’s tale starts at 2 am in his domicile, where a party has been taking place and is able to continue late into the night due to the temporary absence of his mother. Women are copulating in his living room, presumably in a lesbian fashion, and intend to do so until 6 am, when they will depart. Snoop Dogg and his associates decide to join the sapphic women. Ever-prepared, they pull condoms out of their pockets before turning off the lights and shutting the doors behind them. After making it clear that his regard for the females does not involve love, Snoop Dogg and his associates decide that the use of one ounce of marijuana would be a fitting commemoration of the casual polyamorous scenario. Rather than go into details of what is taking place behind closed doors, he tells the listeners (affectionately called “motherfuckas”) to reminisce of revelry in general, preferably while bouncing. The said revelry consists of the chorus line and the subject of the song title: cruising down the street, smoking marijuana, and sipping on gin and an unnamed juice. The unnamed juice is likely of citrus origin, though the properties of gin are agreeable to all fruit juices. It is possible that the previous scene, and the upcoming scenes, are projected memories of the narrators told in the present tense. Mr. Dogg then attempts a palindrome about his constant preoccupation with pecuniary matters. In another memory, Snoop Dogg has procured a bottle of Seagrams brand gin and is intent on consuming it himself, but his associates have worked up a thirst as well. They present their empty cups for Mr. Dogg to fill, but have not offered any payment for the alcohol. Snoop Dogg is angry at the prospect of sharing his alcoholic beverage without reasonable compensation, as these requests happen all too often. He acknowledges their requests, but reminds them that his needs come first. Snoop Dogg quickly diffuses the situation by reminding the listener that he is very good at cultivating music that captivates his listeners. He wants to know, “Who listens to the words that I speak?” This is most likely a rhetorical question. We do not learn if he ever does share the Seagrams. Snoop Dogg leaves the party with his beverage to the middle of the street, presumably because his house party has grown beyond the bounds of his yard. He meets a young lady named Sadie who had previously formed a romantic attachment with one of his associates. He flirts with the young lady, but does not expect physical contact because the weather has remained a sultry 80 degrees Fahrenheit. As she initiates physical contact with his testicles, the heat becomes too much. Snoop tells Sadie to refrain from palpating his scrotum and informs her she should not make further contact with that part of him. He says “at ease”, likely to calm down Sadie, but also in an attempt to relax all involved. Snoop Dogg then runs off to engage in an act of mobbing with his associates (affectionately called the “Dog Pound”) in order to cool off and feel a breeze. He urges all to do the same. We return to the chorus narration, where Snoop Dogg continues to consume marijuana and gin and juice while cruising in a vehicle. He is still concerned about his financial situation, again stated palindromically. The narrator then recalls a memory that happened later in the same day, presumably at the house party. His friend, Dr. Dre, pays Snoop Dogg a visit, presenting him with several bottles of Tanqueray brand gin and a very well-endowed joint of marijuana. The marijuana is of a strength colloquially described as lethal, which he cleverly alludes to through a reference to the bubonic plague. The combination of drugs proves too intoxicating for Snoop Dogg, and he is forced to imbibe less vivaciously, but he refuses to stop altogether. Snoop Dre then introduces Snoop Dogg to some women who he has brought from a neighboring city in Los Angeles. Snoop Dogg makes his intent to bed (or cot) the women clear, but warns them beforehand that he does not intend to make them climax nor remain near them after copulation has occurred because he does not love them. Women whom he does not love are referred to as “hoes”, the etymological origin of which is unclear, but is in no way related to the garden tool. The song ends with a repetition of the chorus one more time, where some spontaneous words are uttered after the title verse (a slang word phonetically spelled BEE-OTCH). Mr Dogg’s mental preoccupation with fiscal matters is restated multiple times, likely in attempt to finally make a palindrome, but never succeeding.
It's not mine- there were others but I couldn't find them when I looked earlier. They used to be on the Wikipedia pages for the songs
Flying aliens experimented on their dna, got it
Oh bullshit- as if the answer is a switch to violent totalitarianism- then the powerful people will *reaaly* care super much /s
No, me brain strongest!
I'd like to see corbyn at a protest against hamas- somehow don't see that side of it happening...
Because the only reason it is corporations doing it is because they are in control right now. If we had a centralised socialist utopia with state monopolies on everything it'd be *them* doing it. The truth is we, ourselves, do not want to give up the lifestyle we are accustomed to, which has an environmental impact. Discussing things on the internet has a carbon impact, even.
Nick stop stirring the pot just because your extra long grass training period is going well
Frozen pig feet, or a pig foot kept in formaldehyde
Soviet Union was not exactly a paradigm of environmental virtue. Blaming capitalism is passing the buck
I think we should therefore stab the brain out to kill them before decapitation to reduce the suffering
I am a man of the LORD so shall not answer to *thee*
Plus we already have a network of pipes for gas supply that could deliver hydrogen instead
Oh shit I thought he didn't drop a set last year I am destroy
I don't know what to bilib any more
Short men want to pick fights with you- they're like horrible yappy little chihuahuas but you tell them that and they get even worse...
IMO no. Stan needs firey people and to take risks, not to be brought down to earth and try to be consistent even at the potential cost of being dull which seems to be valverdu's thing
On open plains that aren't rainforest.
&gt; We’re not demanding that they grow palm oil plantations. Oh yeah it's by proxy so it doesn't count- yay for no responsibility!
LPT: blow up your house with thermite and you don't have to do all this tedious shit...
I've read and enjoyed a fair few dickens novels. The way I got into it was to start with the Pickwick Papers which was his first hit. The first/ maybe the first two chapters of PP I found very dull but after that it was fantastic really fun, a great ride. I think after you've read that you have more of a feel for his style- make sure you have footnotes that explain the many comic bible allusions. Eg "he rose up like a giant refreshed with wine" is written- the verse continues "he shall strike them in the hinder parts and put them to a perpetual shame" and it is one of the "funny" verses that people at the time would definitely have been aware of. Quite often when he seems serious dickens is making some sort of joke. I must say the only parts I remember not liking too much in dickens in general was when it gets kind of soapboxey for social issues that were resolved hundreds of years ago in the UK at least (children in coal mines/ debtors prisons etc). I think the more famous ones tend to be a bit guilt of this- they are famous because those sections give you something to talk about if you are "teaching" it at school and be very serious about whereas the Pickwick papers is mainly a drunken victorian roadtrip novel. Anyway if you didn't please give Pickwick papers a try as it was my way in- cheers
r/localsubsforlocalpeople
This is actually a reversed gift and keanu is baaaad and eeeevul!!!
Wow, this has got to be the next stage in wacky waving inflatable hand guy!
William Hague has more credibility because he was against the euro
I mean at that point it's cheaper to just buy a hammer irl
There' plenty they could do but they won't: -better battery life, but this would mean that even old batteries have enough charge to make the phone usable thus reduce purchase of replacements -e-ink second screen with mirror capability but they won't do this because if you use it it makes the phone less addictive than backlit devices and also doesnt keep you awake at night so you'll use it less for time wasting shit and silly apps that they get commission/advertising money from. Also uses less battery so back to the previous one. Also moronic mainstream reviewers will review the screen by expectations of a backlit screen and say it's bad. - make it even thinner, lighter with and even brighter screen and only wireless charging and connections, oh yeah they're right on that don't worry Tldr: phone makers are selling batteries with screen addiction tech not phones
None can mirror everything on the mainscreen and do everything from it. Only a few android phones- yotaphone, hisense a2/a6 have proper e-ink second screen
It actually is if you can use it for everything
Jeez at least he's open to being in the wrong even though he is of course terrible and his poor suffering hot kung fu instructor secret model girlfriend should be with me instead...
Fun fact: the pharoahs of Egypt had their farts bottled while they were still alive so that they could be taken with them into the afterlife!
Because they clearly could for a high enough fee
Dad looks like a child that won the biggest soft toy from the fairground
Yes but how well could they retrieve those lies and how effectively use them to answer the questions asked? Now we will never know...
It would be the trashy US open that wants to sign up for this reality show bullshit.
Dog can tell it's fake though
drantle
Because they want to be known as a good tennis player, not that gay one. Top tennis players are mostly too intelligent and focussed to want any kind of attention on their personal life. I'm sure if kyrgios was gay he'd let us know but otherwise what relevance does it have to anyone and then if you go to a tournament in a country that jails gay people you'll be called a hypocrite *and* have to answer questions/ talk constantly about the politics of it. No thank you...
[flap]
No because that's wrong but some old fossil commentating in British Eurosport kept calling him "Tim"
Not much, just not nothing
Plenty of room on a private jet
This is big news that will not be talked about much...
Wow she really won that one
"No honey you don't understand, it's your personality is the problem..."
Again putting words into my mouth and saying what you think has to happen. Fine, whatever, you apparently aren't really capable of rational discussion anyway.
Yeah because all the world power rivals would drop fossil fuels if they became the no 1 power /s
You know if I was his campaign team and his polling looked good I'd release a poll that said it was bad- trump needs to be the underdog when he's campaigning...
No you dont understand my comment. If your quote had said "if you love *control over the* fossil fuels" I'd have had no quarrel. There are too many anti-american pseudo greens on here to write it as you did and it not read as " if it weren't for american aggression the whole world would be on renewable energy by now"
Is prob paid to wear that watch
OK delp now do mine while yo at it
Not a psychiatrist but I love treats- chocolate raisins r my fave
Jokes on you when she has three tentacles instead of a vag and I'm with the dancer from rotj who looks like her
Exactly the way a comparable amount of people is structured is even less independent in it's groupings than the EU
Hey dumbo, not every *airline* has those classes. Do you think British airways are subsidising Ryanair and easyjet?
OK what'd he say that I missed lol?
The Tick but not the recent ones- the one from the early 2000's with batmanuel
His answer about how he became friends with Murray is pretty funny but you'll have to watch it I can't copy and paste it out of a video
You missed a chancerer to say longerer than everer beforererer
But wikipedia articjes are often already translations from the English wikipefua anyway
Ducklings can jump off very high buildings and fall without getting hurt. So this probably was not necessary unless the terrace is walled off on every side
First million viewers get 70 dollars each. Spend the rest administrating that
Forgot mutton
Nah it's John Froderick Kennedy
You could have given them a ramp maybe? This is reddit- you're not allowed to have done the right thing by animals
So when can I buy an all-natural bee powered calculator?
If you really cared you'd have put cones out to stop the cars until the ducks were safely through, maintaining a constant shift of watches to wait for the moment. Even then, it would hardly be enough- don't you understand- *they are ducks!!!*
Hey, hang on a second, I'm not prejudiced at all here!!!
Natural feeding behaviours such as starving to death when they can't find enough, never get to have sex but get epic handjobs from a species capable of finer stimulation, hurricane season kills the wild animals too silly, when they get mutilated in the wild by predators/each other it is gonna be even less pleasant
How did they get it *in*?
That friend sitting close to peston is pulling some house of cards shit lolol
Got jealous of the damned chicken
She got a big booty so I call her big booty Upon initial glance, these lyrics appear to be an unintelligent embodiment of the lack of creativity that rap and hip hop music is viewed as today. However upon further investigation, one will find that, in actuality, lyrical genius 2Chainz has crafted a beautiful and deep piece of literature carefully condensed into a single 11 word sentence that perfectly describes not only the world we live in, but also life itself. Starting off, this simplistic statement explores the naturalism of the truthful human experience. 2Chainz takes the phrase “it is what it is” and applies it to people and society. He calls her “big booty”, simply because she has a big booty. It is the truth of the situation, the natural truth, and 2Chainz brings this up because he is trying to make a point. He does not make the “big booty” a good or a bad thing, he presents it as a statement. There is no positive or negative feelings associated with the statement because it is a solid truth, and 2Chainz is trying to tell his audience that everything is a natural truth, and that these truths are just life. He does not express a want for “big booty”, nor a wish to change it, because all truths in life cannot be changed, and he knows that. “Big booties” are not good or bad. They just are. Secondly, 2Chainz’s culmination of language explains the self-conscious life many women live today. He could choose to call her anything he would like, but his name for her is inspired by her “big booty” because most women are conscious about their bodies. An interesting thing to note is he does not give ‘her’ a name. While one may assume he is referring to an specific female, the lack of clarity as to whom “she” is infers that 2Chainz is referring to all women who are self-conscious of their bodies, as many of whom would love to be remembered and named for their body. 2Chainz’s cultural history confirms this, being from College Park, Georgia: A historically African American town. It is common fact that the sexualization of women is prominent in African American culture, providing the basis of why 2Chainz calls her “big booty” (note: 2Chainz also refers to himself as “Tity Boi”, another reference to the sexualization of women in African American culture). Finally, 2Chainz uses this phrase to not only examine the truth of the statement, but also the truth of himself. 2Chainz speaks to his audience through this line, telling them face to face that he is a man who only speaks the truth. His word can be trusted, because all he is doing is telling it like it is. He is up front, using the lyrics “See ni**a, I’m balling, you in will call” to prove to his audience that he’s already at the top of his game, which means he has no motivation to lie. He has the money he needs, so you can listen to his blunt statement understanding that he truly calls her “big booty” because she has a “big booty”. In conclusion, Hip Hop artist 2Chainz uses a single sentence to explain the naturalism of life, the exploitation of women, and the truth of himself as an individual.
Think about it- if you get stuck try googling "choking the chicken"
No cos I look fucking great- my problem is the misanthropy.... Fwiw a genuine smile from a cheerful philosophy of life is more attractive than many a pretty face stuck in a permanent frown. Unless you are seeking a female partner, stop judging your appearance by female standards which are more of a pissing contest than anything to do with attractiveness to actual men and use the saved energy on health and fitness instead. Or be a slave to the stupid mirror or whatever if it really makes you happy- don't think I'm telling you what to do here
Couldn't find it before but I remembered you asked when I came across this
Holds out like hell and is soft as fuck in his *actions* against antisemitism in his party. Defends maduro when it counts. Won't go to the trump dinner when he is mates with plenty of other bad'uns. If he actually wanted to achieve a labour government he would be prepared to sacrifice a few "not actually antisemitic" people, would go to the damned dinner and would try to explain why he and all the others who supported and support the Venezuelan regime would not produce the same result here. You may huff and puff at that remark - Im not saying that they *would* produce the same result just that they have made no response to that attack line and so it is easy for the msm to carry on with that narrative unopposed
Or, like, a sacrificial batch of clones for spare parts
Fire with eyebrows baby!
But if they *only* filled up with water then they would sink (j/k)
They duck are jerbs
Take for example when farage was having problems with racists in ukip saying stupid stuff- when those stories came up those people were kicked out of the party quickly and did not get back in. In this way, the press were less able to paint *him* as a racist than they are able to paint corbyn as antisemetic- even if farage *is* the racist one. Corbyn in comparison drags his feet, lets people off who have said plainly unacceptable things and when people are kicked out they find their way back in sometimes.
Not really the point we're talking about is it? I was saying that he makes it easy for the msm. Farage had a load of racists in ukip and might even be one himself, but he took all the necessary actions to minimise those attacks- if someone said he or the party was racist he could say no it's some bad apples and look I chucked them out because he *had* even if he might privately have no issue with what they said and be an evil bastard. Corbyn on the other hand will say "oh it's a misunderstanding, oh both sides something something, pending a review, is that *really* anti-semetism" etc etc etc and then you look at what he is dancing around and it's some nobody who has written some blatant anti-semetic garbage and you wonder why the fuck they weren't kick our of the party immediately- they would have been under any other leader. If you're not going to do what's basic then you can't bleat on about how unfair the media is.
The human condition?
It's not a fucking cop out. It's a cop out to say "I support some magical alternative system that will somehow solve all the problems so none of this is my fault even though I am contributing to carbon emissions just by writing about it on the internet, let alone owning a car and using a washing machine and buying food and goods transported from miles away"
They have that power because they supply things that individuals want. I'm not saying they are saints, but it's like saying drug addiction is entirely the fault of drug dealers.
Yeah and all those revolutions that ended up with the new powerful people being worse than the old ones were just propaganda man, right on!
You do like saying that don't you, but not really, no. Are you an ai bot or something?
&gt;No Democrat is pushing for the abolishment of capitalism, only reform, which will inevitably lead us right back to where we started as the system is set up to enforce hierarchy and aid in the consolidation of power. Or couldn't be that they know they'd stand no chance of getting enough votes to get even near to power?! The *world* enforces hierarchy and the consolidation of power. Nobody wants to give up what is there's. What the hell do you want to replace it with anyway?! &gt; I'm a big proponent of actual democracy rather than representative democracy with 'leaders' who once elected are safe for a number of years and can do whatever they want. We should be the ones telling the politicians what they HAVE to vote for, not pleading with them to take our concerns more seriously than their donor's. We should be able to immediately recall any vote they make, as well as them from the position. That would never work because the general population are stupid spoiled children who don't know what is good for them and would make arbitrary ridiculous choices based on random popularist bullshit reasons. And would be just as easy to bribe as the representatives are now, if not more so. Why on *earth* would you want such a thing?! They certainly aren't gonna vote to save the environment at the cost of a lowered standard of living or being a little less wealthy...
Is there a "let's just chill Jill" in this race?
Subscribe
No it would be worth it if that's what you have. Of you want to save some money get last year's model- racquet technology hasn't changed for twenty years. If you go second hand as long as there aren't cracks in the frame then it's good. See what grip size you have now and decide if you want it the same or bigger or smaller- don't just buy a random grip size. Enjoy! :-)
I still think grinder is quicker- if it was really quick it could potentially be faster than the nerve signals that carry the pain. If they're going to asphyxiate I don't see why they can't use nitrogen instead of co2
The colour of the car parked three doors down from me is red.
How aladeen
Hard drives fail anyway- optical media better for keeping stuff
How to count, how to read and write and crucially, *crucially* how to answer the question that was actually asked. Far too many people struggle with all of these.
Fucks bieber up the ass- "it's not gay- this is combat fucking"
Hey! What are you selling those for when they could just get my kevlar kitchen wallpaper!?
Came back with the wind vs Casablanca, the ultimate showdown!
Lizards don't have eyebrows, jackass
Disqualified! This also removes the head. If you were an *expert* you would know that!
I want to see a picture of it with a banana, and a CGI illustration of what the size of a modern processor would be if recreated in the same way
Yes. People do not have a right not to be mocked. Mocking people is not the same thing as suggesting they should be wiped out. Most recent guy to be readmitted to labour had said "Hitler had the right idea" but the wrong execution. Apples and oranges
The story isn't the presence of antisemitism, though, it's that corbyn does fuck all when it's pointed out. If you point out some shit-stain implying all Muslims should be wiped out or whatever in the Tory party any Tory leader would flush them down the loo pronto. That's why it's not an equivalent story.
How can be dinosaurs real if our noses isn't real?
Seumus Milne has expressed strong support for Hamas, who have wiping out Jews as a stated goal. How about that?
Saudis are allies of Israel?!
Sounds more like brown to me
Seriously?! Think how many more he could have killed if he wasn't a god damned pussy ass lib'rul! Edit: well I thought it was funny nvmd
Nah. May a) can't talk or debate b) proposed a *very* unpopular policy (selling your home to pay for care in old age). Boris has a *sense of humour*. He had won it with "magic money forest" Meanwhile labour had a radical manifesto unlike 2017 and policies like the 4 day week need some serious presentation to persuade the public of. Did corbyn really come across as the man to lead the nation to a new Jerusalem by successfully putting through all this massive upheaval he was proposing? You really can't say they are the same as each other- it's actually quite a popular opinion here to blame everything on the media but that doesn't make it true. Media was less critical of the Tories this time because they ran a much better campaign, and were adept at chucking out dead cats and such when it wasn't going their way. Labour did worse because all the new lanourites who knew how the fuck to handle the media had been purged from hq, whereas in 2017 they were still there
Easy to beat by hitting the ball to their right hand side...
Roger could clearly do it
Not by the other replies I got man
'Your
No- already too many restrictions.
Very rare. But the issue gets muddied because many voices with a baritone timbre are used to fill the gaps. Having a true bass voice for opera is like being tall in basketball. But be sure that's what you actually have. Siepi is a (famous) bass. Something like Shirley quirk is not what I'm talking about
Against- there are already too many restrictions
Yeah! Now he's gone we are fine e because his replacement will be grateful to trump for his career advancement /s
Wasn't us this time
That current pop music is of any value
I would do that here because not sure which superpower is best
&gt;The signatories of the original appeal to Pope Paul VI were: &gt;Harold Acton Vladimir Ashkenazy John Bayler Lennox Berkeley Maurice Bowra Agatha Christie Kenneth Clark Nevill Coghill Cyril Connolly Colin Davis Hugh Delargy Robert Exeter Miles Fitzalan-Howard Constantine Fitzgibbon William Glock Magdalen Gofflin Robert Graves Graham Greene Ian Greenless Jo Grimond Harman Grisewood Colin Hardie Rupert Hart-Davis Barbara Hepworth Auberon Herbert John Jolliffe David Jones Osbert Lancaster Cecil Day-Lewis Compton Mackenzie George Malcolm Max Mallowan Alfred Marnau Yehudi Menuhin Nancy Mitford Raymond Mortimer Malcolm Muggeridge Iris Murdoch John Murray Seán Ó Faoláin E. J. Oliver Oxford and Asquith F. R. Leavis William Plomer Kathleen Raine William Rees-Mogg Ralph Richardson John Ripon Charles Russell Rivers Scott Joan Sutherland Philip Toynbee Martin Turnell Bernard Wall[4] Patrick Wall E. I. Watkin
More's the pity. It would be superior to what they *have* done with them
At least the dances are *fun* and *dont take themselves too seriously*- those two things used to also be characteristics of star wars you know?
Quarter or semi. Would be nice if he could win but I'd fancy Medvedev and big three over him :-(
Since when did whipped cream contain sugar? Edit: jeez reddit is downvote-happy at this time of year!
Poetry of the warrior gene
I did the same but mine didn't eat it and died anyway
Wait til you hear about hives and rabees
Why not pee in mid air?
Start it again
He came to rescue him though- counts for something surely?
Sure, but ubbe isn't an option in this choice
Even if it is, why wouldn't Bjorn agree, and be expected to agree, on the spot to this thing?
&gt; I forgot, we don't really agree for the friends. Stop! You're directly criticising him and making a combative argument! (j/k) Honestly I think that most Americans (and English) just can't compute not having to pretend to be "humble" all the time. They find it hard to make friends in france because if you ask a French person too simple questions they will think their intelligence is bring questioned and it is an attack, whereas this is how anglophones will try to put people at ease. It's delicious when you get to see saccharine american superficiality bludgeoned by uncomprehending French incredulous bluntness :-)
I think the policy aim must be to have the Iraqi government kick out US forces. Then when it goes to shit again it's not the US's problem. It will go to shit- Iran will surely cement even greater control and influence in Iraq than the already have. Isis maybe regains a foothold somewhere as a honey pot to draw radicals to. Iraq becomes Russia aligned. I mean if it gets the US out of there it could be for the best long-term for everyone- let it find its own equilibrium. Stop throwing money into the impossible task of training a modern army out of the people who are there. Blame it in trump being an idiot when this was always going to be the outcome.
Cats
If bill gates offered him a million would he turn it down to keep this campaign line?
And somebody *had* to just go and chop that wonder down after surviving so much time- it's sickening!
&gt; The Norse would not eat the plentiful ring seals, Rather than starve? Really? People even turn cannibal when they're starving- Cambodians developed a taste for tarantula. But Norse people would rather starve than eat a ring seal?! I can't believe this.
Better make sure to point that out rather than team up to actually win against the other team who would be beyond the pale in the rest of the developed world. /s When you've defeated the gop-lead republicans as a political force then by all means split and have these arguments.
Capone had enough money that it was worth paying to be seen as a "good" guy where possible
'internal campaigning
There are letters where one day he writes to a person "you are a dog! And a false dog!" The next day many apologies. He was always claiming to be poor when he was not, to try to get more money, and he fucked people around just as routine.
&gt; His final piece Requiem Mass was for his father and reported almost killed him in the process (artistic stress). Almost? He did die and sussmayr finished it
Perhaps there are downsides for voting for a Scotland only party Edit: you downvoters sure showed me! Of course the SNP is perfect in every way and any who say otherwise are the diabolical lackies of the auld enemy in Westminster.
Good show
Run programme [show dominance v1.3]
No need, you see I took mine from the box not in this picture which said "for baseball" while clearly ignoring the defence ones. I think I'm covered
I didn't say it don't ask me. But he didn't *almost* die while writing the requiem. He died. Ask u/nephilim52
But if a whole uk party is in charge of Scotland, a problem in Scotland is a problem for their party and there is more motive to resolve it/stop this happening.
You haven't backed me into a corner. What I am saying is self-evidently true. We have an adversial political system with each party trying to some extent to fuck over the others if they get the chance. If you see a problem that doesn't effect your own team, but fucks over another one - yes in this system you will probably let it happen. Bleating about how wrong it is or how bad the Tories are doesnt change it. SNP do/say lots of things they can only say because they dont have to worry about the rest of the uk. It goes a bit in the other direction too.
&gt; Treat this like you're in chemistry class But cooking... Food, instead, right? right?
Maybe get a policy that fits the warning if you can? Brit here so not an expert or anything- wish you well sounds scary
Dont make puns- they'll say it's bad faith and downvotes you
You actually *need* a bit of mindless compliance on things that dont really matter either way so the bad kids dont get onto the stuff that does. The problem is when senior teachers drink their own kool-aid and think the point is to create a new world how they always wanted it to be, or recreate something from their own time at school which "didn't go far *enough*"
Don't you need it to open a bank account?
You are welcome at r/catsupremacists
That would be chimpanzees
Well how else are we going to handle *your* gorillas?
Seeing the gorillas standing up makes them seem even more human
Finally some real questions. I'd feel the same because no sex here
All the greentexts
Oh for the plot absolutely! Sorry? What?
But it is not in their nature to do so
The signals in the video are two-handed. And I would appreciate you not doxing my private hobbies thank you.
I was thinking more of harry, really
Lock them up in stocks in the tower while she's at it
No- the dictator
You dont need to rewire, just unscrew it and turn it upside down and rescrew it in
&gt; Made peace with North Korea Tangibly different or better how?
A change in rhetoric strategy but nothing tangible- they have continued to test missiles just as often and haven't given up or slowed their nuclear programme. If trump is going to give Kim propaganda coups in return for jack shit of course he's going to take that. The difference us when Kim tests a missile trump says "oh he likes to launch missiles" instead of supporting Americas actual allies in the region
No serial tag, this could get messy
Was it... Harambe?
He could have looked after creativity for cook the way cook looked after the money for jobs
It's good for classical because the streaming services dont have long enough titles to find what you want, jumble up tracks that need to be in order, and dont have gapless playback.
yes deer
I didn't downvote
&gt;it's a man yelling at the sea, And what on earth would be wrong with that? Fucking sea is ridiculous anyway taking up all that space and you can't even drink the fucjing water. All it's good for is drowning fucking koala bears
I want a cockney remake. Them going around unable to find anyone in the east end who will take the red pill
YES!!!! EXACTLY THAT!!!!! BUT WITH CAPITALS TO SHOW CONVICTION!!!!
Genie twist- they're last week's. You haven't seen them- you know them psychicly but nobody will believe you and it won't let you win
Hmm- a risk was taken
Nah. With a sensible leader they can win people back. Lot of people voted SNP for a left-wing party with a competent leader, which miliband and corbyn were not. ( for different reasons)
There must be a point where the paper it's printed on has more value than the currency?
Or first person forgot to mark it until later
I dunno. I sort of dont really like her all that much and it's not because she's (barely) black, just something in her manner. But I'm not married to her so I dont consider it to be my problem really. Wish she and harry would make the link that they'd get less attention by being more (publicly) boring, and not giving a show to the royal baiters
Why not just buy a ps3 and ps3 games? A game that was good 10 years ago is still good now. All the things people say about being "new" or "best" they said about those. Has it changed so much? Do you care how many pixels dance on the head of a frame, or how well the danged game plays?
That's just your brain talking
Anon and nobody reporting back either way
I mean they were trying not to be in the dock for being "institutionally racist"
Hong Kong should have been given back to the government it was leased from lol (ie Taiwan)
America ain't (domestically) totalitarian mate.
I'm not american. America has many problems, however it is not (yet) totalitarian. You do not seem to know what the word means.
Weird shit from Japan doesn't count.
Like, literally what else is that song about?
&gt; Oh and no I dont want sex from you. Sir this is a wendies
No, sorry.
Cat information association?
And how many great cricketers has Switzerland produced? How many great German rugby players? How many good points from you and op? The number is the same as great Indian tennis singles pros
[Comment making the point that you are talking at length about how stupid it is that they argue at length]
[Comment responding that Wtf is reddit for if not talking about things and why the fuck do you care anyway]
[Joke about unrelated dick comment]
Hi not a flight attendant but my secret is I dont really like furry porn, I just watch it to be cool
OK, I'm working up a case against you now for not caring about single horny deaf men
Huell gonna do what?
Prank
So is 4/6
Der OberStarmFührer
"Very racist, very cool!"
"He's not racist, he just doesn't like black people, OK?"
OK OK now take off the next one I want to know who you really are!!!
TAKE THAT BACK!!! I have NEVER used a spork and NEVER am likely to!
Have you considered making the sequel VelociPasta, set in Italy, famous chef Antonio is experimenting with a new pasta growth serum when he accidentally creates and is murdered by velociraptors. The people turn to the velocipastor for help, but he has hung up his claws- a new champion is needed: the people turn to velociRasta- a rastafarian assistant chef who drinks what is left of the serum and transforms into a dinosaur in *style*
Is that song lyrics?
Electro batons have other uses also
Noodles are better fried or boiled
I almost did - glad I read some comments...
??? I will spell my already stated opinion out to you as you seem to have trouble with understanding: Handful of people hoarding billions effects prices- yes therefore: If they stop doing that it will effect prices also. Do you understand now,or are you going to reply to something else I haven't said?
For long term backup that you dont want to edit or worry about a drive failing or not being compatible in the future those mediums are not as good. Nothing beats optical- I have cheap cdr's from the early 2000's that still work fine and can be read with any optical drive. No way would I still have that stuff if it was stored on anything else. There's a reason why data centres use 25gb blurays
Oh I put them on a bluray already- but you see my point. I reckon they last longer than that anyway if they dont get sunlight on them.
&gt;it’s not fun! But we love him! If you really loved him you would enjoy these gifts- r/catsupremacists
If you trust these clouds not to ramp up the price once you're hooked...
&gt; It is now, but I’m not sure it was say, 10-15 years ago in the same way. It was more so for the police then- they were all "institutionally racist" until proven otherwise, remember
&gt; It's unlikely the insect microbiome will take up forever residence in there. Couldn't it be useful to us, as it is for the insects? Somehow?
Suppose, for the sake of argument, after having completed a course of antibiotics you then took a culture of insect microbiome, and then ate sawdust for a few days...?
&gt;start craving wood chips, digest fibre now. so basically a superhero- "the beaver". But if you can digest fibre it would be a slow burning source of glucose- like carbs, right? So if you need to lose weight you'd have to adjust your Atkins diet to limit your wood chip consumption as well. That's putting me off to be honest- it's hard enough to not eat cake and potatos. Thank you for your replies
If you are getting taxis for free from a business living off it's investment capital do you expect that to last? They've already been reducing their free allocations. In any case for long term storage of decades it will be *much* cheaper to burn your own media, than pay a subscription fee. And you won't end up suddenly needing to download and find a place for terabytes of data if your chosen service goes bust or "alters the deal"
&gt; I was wrong to try and explain it You made no valid attempt to explain anything. You assert that I am ignorant. I could assert the same of you but it would be just as meaningless...
That doesn't rhyme!
&gt;To mankind at Large the time is Com at Last the grat day of Regoising what is that why I will tell you thous three kings is Rased Rased you meane should know Rased on the first Royal Arch in the world olmost Not quite but very hiw up upon so thay are good mark to be scene so the womans Lik to see the frount and all people Loves to see them as the quakers will Com and peape slyly and feele glad and say houe the doue frind father Jorge washeton is in the senter king Addoms is at the Rite hand the present king at the Left hand father gorge with his hat on the other hats of the middel king with his sword king Addoms with his Cane in a grand poster Adtetoude turning his fass towards the first king as if they was on sum politicks king our present king he is stands hearing being younger and very deafe in short being one grat felosfer Looks well East &amp; west and North &amp; south deafe &amp; very deafe the god of Natur has dun very much for our present king and all our former ones they are all good I want them to Live for Ever and I beleave thay will it is hard work to be A king—I say it is hardar than tilling the ground I know it is for I find it is hard work to be A Lord I dont desier the sound but to pleas the peopel at Large Let it gou to brak the way it dus for Asort ment to help a good Lafe to Cour the sick spleney goutey dul frames Lik my selfe with the goute and so on make merry a Chealy Christen is for me only be onnest No matter what they worshep son moune or stars or there wife or miss if onnest Live forever [8]money wont gitt thous figers so fast as I wish I have sent to Leg horn for many mr bourr is one Amonks others I sent in the grand Crecham thous 3 kings Are plane white colow at present the Royal Arch &amp; figers cost 39 pound wate silver the hiest Councaton order in the world so it is sade by the knowing one I have only 4 Lions &amp; 1 Lam up the spred Eagel has bin up 3 years upon the Coupelay I have 13 billors front in strat Row for 13 states when we begun 3 in the Rear 15 foot hie 4 more on the grass see 2 the same hath at the Rite of the grand Arch 2 at the left wing 15 foot hie the Arch 17 foot hie the my hous is 3 sorey upwards of 290 feet round the hous Nater has formed the ground Eaquel to what you would wish for the Art by man Eaquel to a Solomun the onerabel Jonathan Jackson one of the first in this Country for tast borne A grat man by Nater then the best Lurning what sot me fored for my plan having so gran spot the hool of the world Cant Excead this to thous that dont know would think I was Like halfe the world A Lier I have traveled good deale but old steady men sayeth it is the first that it is the first best in this Contry &amp; others Contrey I tell you this the trouth that None of you grat men wodent be A frunted at my preseadens &amp; I spare Now Cost in the work I have the tempel of Reason in my garding 3 years past with a toume under it on the Eage of the grass see it cost 98 gineys besides the Coffen panted whit in side and out side tuched with green Nobel trimings uncommon Lock so I can tak the kee in side and haye fier works in the toume pipes and tobacker &amp; A speaking trumpet and &amp; bibel to Read &amp; sum good songs &gt;What is a presedent answer A king bonne partey the grate has as much power as A king and ort to have &amp; it is a massey he has for the good of mankind he has as much power as Any king for grat ways back there must be A head sum whare or the peopel is Lost Lik wild gees when thay Lous the gander two Leged want A head if fore Leged both &amp; 2 Leged fouls the Name of presedent is to pleas the peopel at Large the sound souts best Now in the south give way to the North the North give way to the south or by &amp; by you will brake what falers be wise on keep the Links to gether and if you cant A gree Consoalated to A kingly power for you must keep together at the wost hear it Labers ye les see there is so many men wants be the all offesers &amp; Now sogers poor king Every day wants A bone sum more then others the king cant Live without the feald wee have had our turne grat good father Addoms [9]turne &amp; turne About Rest Easey you all will be pleased with the present king give time all did I say Now but the magor part fore fifths at least
This is why you need to have an ego- they are suffering the punishment of being nothing/worthless in your eyes. They may not understand that and how bad it is, but that's because they're nothing, the worthless bastards. Ultimately you would be prepared to fight them if it was them or you. Yes it's circular, like a bird's nest- that circle is our defense
Same plan as for everything: shit on the floor- get schwifty!
It nevertheless contradicts the point of u/Nickerus94
Is it a big red button? What end of the shelf is it on- left or right?
And very unfortunately he probably achieved his goal
Same reason as anti-vax
Don't you need to be bitten? (genuine question despite username)
Nonsense! What scientists dont realise is that we already have an excellent source but they won't do the research because you can't patent rhodidendrons.
"I don't know why the bosses are conplaining- look, all the insects are dead- Very cool, very lethal " What nobody is talking about here is presumably someone died from this insecticide in testing otherwise how would they know?
Who knew!?
-oh God! -no that's you now sir
More like, some kind of nationalistic socialist or something
Now you can't vacuum after dark
Nobody locks their cars. Animals can't talk.
&gt; but the cat’s not smiling, he’s meowing. Oh great- way to spoil the illusion, man!
Whilst secretly cutting costs by creating a fake flying experience that actually uses a sneaky teleport for the actual transportation
&gt; Pranks and ribs and the like are not "trolling" Expert troll I applaud thee
I think that from his death onward force ghost obi wan was following Darth Vader around constantly nagging him and telling him to knock it off Like straight after: "and here I am- I *told* you but you never listen do you you silly old sith..."
I dont understand any references here
No political capital to be made out of that- and lots to lose being accused of victim blaming by morons and opportunists
I thought whippets needed more exercise than greyhounds?
Hiya. Not a scholar but I like harry potter- I haven't read the book but my friend says it is very
Would you sneak it into their hula hoops?
Well she could know him as well as any of them, since they know him from footage which is recorded
Must be more than that because bluray video was released to defeat the dvhs HD video format which was basically bluray quality.
I really think losing to nadal at Wimbledon might have helped him- undid the curse from beating him when he was a young'un
No I'm talking about digital vhs tapes
Yeah all that stuff is analogue. My point is not that Dvhs was popular or successful, just that it had a similar quantity of digital data per vhs tape as bluray per disc - clearly a lot more than 2gb I just looked it up myself and they got 50gb per tape apparently. https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/D-VHS
OK so you're a troll.
&gt;Not near Blu-Ray capacity, but in the 90s there were devices that could digitally store data on a standard VHS tape, which could hold about 2GB of space. &gt;The point is 50gb, not 2gb Yeah so unclear and vapid. Good troll
Here, have +1°C
1 service member, suffering a head injury from Iran attack that's all, 1 service member, suffering a head injury from Iran attack that's all, And if 10 Iranian missiles, should accidentally fall, They'll be 2 service members, suffering head injuries from Iran attack, that's all
I dunno, like 19
&gt;I don't understand why people don't pay attention to this important issue. Yeah man, it needed to be said- well done &gt;Two, both Djokovic and Del Potro has faster forehand. No. Del po does, but djoko doesn't. You have failed us
That's a good dog
&gt;British jets on a British carrier in British waters for first British time in British decade British F British T British F British Y
Fed's form wasn't up for this one. Two 5 setters he should have lost already in the tournament and with some strain or something. I predicted he would win that Wtf match, but I didn't have high expectations for this one.
Not saying he shouldn't get angry, just that the applause stops when the point matters. I think. Some djoko fan prove me wrong with videos of djoko applauding on crucial points against big 4 that they win with a special shot
Non vuoi dire: Vall-a-hall-a?
Nah- djoko does the reaching: over the net when del po is beating him. Already said elsewhere fed wasn't likely to win today.
Unsuitable comment.
Hail corporate
&gt; Steinway pianos are made in the USA And in Hamburg
The whole fucking game is about doing shady shit. They shouldn't be such greedy Nazis. And I say this as a non gamer
&gt; Then he is an idiot. Who Corbyn? Never!
Aha! A Britain-hating Russian spy! He admits it! ;-)
Practically it has to be rooted to install google play to get those shop's apps which then will refuse to do NFC payments because it is rooted. Am I missing something?
So we have the technology to filter out sea roaches from ungrounded coffee beans, but only not from coffee beans that are about to be groundededed Edit: cockroaches, but I'll leave it as is...
A hanging garden could just be all wood trellises that of course wouldn't survive today surely? It seems bizarre to say they didn't exist- extraordinary claims are not really being made for them beyond them looking nice are they? Perhaps my questions would be answered by reading the article- but I shall not do so!
https://youtu.be/WPsAUKEDE3c
&gt; I could also be totally wrong about the meaning of that line. Well make your mind up- this is reddit and we demand absolutes that others can oppose!!! BTW tanks for the info ;-)
You're going to be eating out of the other side of your face when murray comes back strong when play resumes properly again.
Must be pretty inconvenient if it's the middle of the night and you're trying to sleep...
Get out of my griller or imma rear gas you!!!
Harder they fall buddy. Murray gon' right some *wrongs*
Blur out the face of the fish lol
So what you're saying is: "we're gonna need a *bigger battery*"
Selling point of transflective is ability to switch between backlit and reflective with the same screen. If you dont want the backlit mode at all (eg this device doesnt have one- it uses a frontlight) those issues dont apply.
I was making a star wars reference dick joke. What's yours I dont get it?
Serena has had no comparable rival to Murray, nadal djokovic. It's less interesting when you know that she'll win unless she's off form, and she might win then anyway if she gets some coffee down her! It was also quite boring IMO when nobody could beat federer/Sampras. But those periods were shorter- 4 years for federer is not most of his career, and Sampras never dominated clay. Serena been dominant far longer. Good on her- I just wish she had some real rivals with sticking power
The front light is just for when it is dark though. Different to a backlight that has to be on for the screen to work/have colour
For all they know you could have been a 50 y o man yourself
Doesn't give any opinion on hawk-eye. Clickbait
What missing act?
I mean this is literally the only thing in the gospels that Jesus gets angry and physical with people over so...
Dubbed, your lips move to the english
&gt;So it makes Roberto look like a controlling psycho. If you're someone who is very judgemental and jumps to the worst possible conclusions about people then maybe it does. I think it's supposed to just be the usual young-person-bullshit. You dont need to see all the detail to have an idea what prob happened. The point is surely Mimi's death putting youthful problems in perspective, and, prior to it, a chance to share or relive youthful innocence/stupidity from the comfort of not actually living it for real. They're just kids init &gt;It was totally out of character for Mimi to be a flirt because she never flirts with anyone else in the whole opera Lol. She is intended as a portrayal of a certain kind of young woman who would put out for a dinner (there is a period word for it- I forget, but it's basically a level above an actual straight prostitute. A kind of poor man's courtesan- 19th century Paris was not very pg). She falls in love with Rodolfo sure but it's not that to start with- that's what all the "let's go join your friends" stuff is about. It is perfectly in character for her to flirt. She most likely blew out her candle, yeah?! And the groundwork for Rodolfo's young dumb jealousy is laid by his comment to her in act ii that he couldn't take it if she ever behaved the way musetta did at momus
Go back in time and persuade our ancestors to follow china and japan's lead and take no interest in conquering/settling the lands of "foreign barbarians". Realistically you'd need a European king to get on a rout and take over all Europe western and eastern permanently, equivalent to han china, in order to achieve this. Hopefully you can still get someone to bring over potatos and chillis without giving people ideas.
No. Now answer *my* question*!*
If I knew that I wouldn't have asked the question would I?!? *I* am OP, and I demand *answers* comment from you comment replier underclass!!!
Am much as any object of the same colour would, yes they are. Even a tin foil cat can't protect you from them.
&gt;When he started giving me a shoulder rub, I told him to stop. OK then. That is a bit of a different story. &gt;What kind of constructive criticism is needed other than "I don't feel attracted to you"? "I dont feel attracted to you *because* you seem to misread situations- to me it was outrageous that you thought giving a backrub then could be a good idea in the first place. So we are clearly not compatible." For example. Just *something*. &gt;Anyway, we get blamed if we try to let down a guy gently, we get blamed if we are blunt about it. It's fine. And we (men) are blamed if we are too bold, or if we are tentative, we are blamed if we react emotionally and also if we are "not showing our feelings". That is also fine. But yaknow, you're not the only one. &gt;Indeed, it's my fault that a grown ass man can't control his temper and can't help but throw a tantrum, when faced with an everyday situation. Then he's not a " grown-ass man" is he? Don't you want to pass a (slightly) better version of him on rather than rejecting his very existence? It's probably not an everyday situation for *him*. I'm not saying you shouldn't reject him or should even like him or that he's a great stand-up guy or deserved any more of your time. I just have a thing against the bullshit "little lies" that are typical of american culture because I think they have got out of hand these days
Suspected John Connor located Initiating
So basically, the government people are the good guys after all!?
What else are they supposed to do?
Black'd be OK. It's the grizzlies that're real bad...
Admit it again! Swear a *blood oath* not to be wrong again!
&gt; Edward Colston to me and generations of Bristolians stands out as a hero whose wealth has continued to benefit the housing, education and healthcare of the citizens of this city," he said. Cargo cult
I mean it was a war. And they would have been tortured and killed for doing it had Saddam not been overthrown. And it was approved of (however stupidly/wrongly) and assisted by the new government of Iraq, the americans. So it's different, yeah.
&gt; The people of Bristol voted to have it removed. Are you not counting the greater number of people who voted to keep it as people? Because the vote went in favour of keeping it. &gt;The local government didn’t listen. To who? They actually (imo rightly) vetoed an insulting plaque that was the result of a "listening exercise" because it was too offensively nice about him. Who else have they not listened to?
*some* people. a minority of people. people who are going to get some hours of community service for vandalism. But it seems you can't read and aren't too interested in accurate facts so carry on I suppose.
Everyone is covered!
&gt;comes out of his moth &gt;he's nowt but a snake oil merchant &gt;hes a jebend dont quite know what's going on but I scare of the snake jebend and his moth
&gt;That's insane when you consider the size difference You've also got to consider the nasty big pointy teeth difference, though...
Gpr isn't new tech and this is an obvious application of it. *Why* is this the first time ever? Why not before?
That fellow who never won a seat? Yes?
Do they, hypothetically, have an HD version? And, hypothetically, what is the *audio* quality/source on them?
&gt;They hypothetically have full 2160p (4K) versions available. Hypothetically that isn't HD though. If I hypothetically had an HD TV not an uhdtv and wanted to burn them to a standard (ie HD) bluray(s) and watch using my standard bluray player do they not hypothetically have that hypothetical file that I would never download to suit my hypothetical needs? I'm asking for a hypothetical friend. Also were those audio tracks converted from analogue to 24/96 or are they via a lower quality digital source? Thank you , (hypothetically).
Djokovic's special feature is that he is super-bendy and flexible though. Others who play a bit like him can't copy the shots that allows him to make. Edit: hmmm i didnt think that i was being controversial
Wtf is she on about? If novak doesnt play an extra lower ranked pro gets into the tournament gets a payday. The prize money is the same. Novak didn't say "if im not playing it then it sucks" . he has every right not to not play it if he doesn't want to. That decision is sad for fans, not other players, for whom a novak sized hole has opened up. Edit: dvoters: oh yeah? Why am i wrong then?
Who would have thought that the mind of a noble protester graffiti-ing a historic monument might harbour ignorance?
&gt;To him, religions were fabrications fostered by ruling elites; although the earliest Christians had been exemplary in sharing their goods, Christianity had long since degenerated into encouraging the acceptance of suffering and submission to tyranny as practised by the kings of France: Sounds a bit lefty to me &gt;In his most famous quote, Meslier refers to a man who "wished that all the great men in the world and all the nobility could be hanged, and strangled with the guts of the priests."[9] Meslier admits that the statement may seem crude and shocking, but comments that this is what the priests and nobility deserve, not for reasons of revenge or hatred, but for love of justice and truth. Bloody French lefty intellectuals. Who's gonna replace them, eh? Think it through for once! Edit: oh yeah people the French revolution was a wonderful thing to live through and totally improved conditions for the common man. There wasn't any rampant chaos or tyranny at all, oh no /s and france doesn't have even the slightest reputation for pretentious left-wing intellectuals at all- definitely one shouldn't joke about such a thought, definitely not
&gt; Maybe looking at 17th century French society through the lens of 21st century American politics is not the brightest idea. Maybe it isn't but that's not what I've done. Who cares what happens in some fucked up ex-colony hundreds of years later? I'm talking about the perfidious treachorous French here who betrayed their *king*!!! &gt;There have been penty of right-wing anti-religious movements in Europe throughout history, and plenty of left-wing religious inspired movements. *So?* shows what you know about the French if you think this guy ain't a hard revolutionary lefty
I mean people will notice if he doesn't turn up/isn't on the schedule. If he pretends all is normal now they will say he was misleading people
Rational people do not end up on reddit, my dude. You ask too much
This mob didn't put in place a plaque of their own design so that is not a like comparison. The only vote on removal was lost. But there could have been another one. IMO it should go back up until there is a vote to remove it. I would vote to remove it, myself, but it is appalling to just give a mob what they want.
&gt;Maybe they're viewing black and mixed race as separate? Are they now- that does it, no statues for *them!!* &gt;Also remembering Stewart might be seen as a little dicey at the minute since he owned slaves and opposed abolition. Ha, he doesn't exist then. There also hasn't been a female prime minister because I dont like those ones.
&gt;As a thought experiment what would happen if the Tories put a statue of him outside their headquarters? Heads would explode trying to calculate the appropriate response. They should put it behind glass as the ultimate emergency "fuck everything" dead cat...
Isn't this the "bad " sub?!
Uh nah it's not. It's look how stupidities of the world prevent a beautiful, natural thing from working out. Do you *really* think the point is meant to be "silly them, should have forgot all about it and gone through with the arranged marriages like *sensible* people?" Come on man?!?
Sorry what? You lost me at de-mo- uh
Oh dear oh dear I dont actually agree with the point at best he'd be a candidate and I'm not sure he'd beat khan. But I do like the chuckle brothers.
The Amritsar massacre of 1919 happened on what was then British soil. Multiracial society in Britain proper is a post-wwii phenomenon, so there won't be anything comparable on the island of Britain. I actually agree with you that we are not as bad as the Americans. Look how black american soldiers were treated better in the uk than at home. The culture is different. Police may be racist, but they can't get away with as much as USA police (which is not saying much I know). The other day I saw a black lad thoroughly cus out some police he considered to have been rude to him. Could you do that in the USA without running a higher risk of getting tackled to the ground and handcuffed or worse? Anecdotal I know, but it's a different atmosphere when nobody really has guns.
&gt;Mega-ULVZs are intriguing structures not only due to their size, but because they may be composed of exotic materials &gt;a gigantic collision between ... Earth and a Mars-sized object I read the article, man, and not to hype it but now my life will never be the sane- you gotta click! You know you have to. (It's actually a nice loading page not loads of ads or anything like that)
When Boris lands a few blows however, starmer will look that much worse because he looks like someone who should always win. This is why Cameron (came across as competent) wouldn't debate miliband
Scientific method means should not pre-judge conclusions. You can't just discount a hypothesis because you dont like it or because the aliens tell you to
How dare you stereotype cooks!!! I have worked in several professional kitchens and their racist views were *completely* up-to-date thank you very much!!!
Fucking hell fucking British fucking fuck old ^^good?
Eat your jack Russel so you do not lose the valuable protein it has stolen from you
&gt; . “She ran right behind us, meowing. She seemed quite intelligent.” &gt; &gt; My heart... Your heart psssh. The cat didn't want them taking away what belonged to it.
You get a deep cut that is bleeding white and are taken to hospital to get stitched up, they find that you have no blood and your body is somehow successfully using icing sugar as a substitute- if this happened to you would you accept $6 billion dollars from the U.S. government- why/why not?
But mw could be use?
Glad to help! :-) ^^^^they're ^^^^coming ^^^^^to ^^^^^get ^^^^you
Oh *sorry*!!! I thought you meant *mw*. Mw mw useful mw.
No I'm asking because I want to make it big on the front page and this one is my ticket
&gt; baseless accusations of being incompentent Oh yeah, man- *totally* baseless
In case of stabbing them by mistake with cutlery?
Are you not capable of any reflection that getting a worse result than even michael foot might not all be down to the "evil" media. One example: https://www.reddit.com/r/ukpolitics/comments/h7hp6j/keir_starmer_scores_highest_ratings_of_any/fulnu3d/?context=3 But that's just part of a general theme. Corbyn said he cared about the poor and disadvantaged, but he clearly didn't care enough about them to not drag his feet so hard on any matter to do with anti-semetism even though it was killing him at the polls *that he needs to be doing well in to be on course to help the poor and disadvantaged.* A competent party leader knows how to *achieve* great goals, not just *have* them, which is all corbyn could do, at best. It was his *job* and *duty* to prioritise and to present his policies well and he did neither. But perhaps you're right- perhaps he is a very *competent*... ...MI6 spy secretly out to sabotage the hard left in the labour party. If so then, yes, sure he is competent- otherwise just no. He's failed hard ,it's over, move on.
" Feature not a bug"
He'd find it all completely naff and less good than folk music of his own time. If you want to *actually* blow his mind you'd hand him a full score of Tristan und Isolde. But it would be pretty unfair to do that to the poor man when he hasn't heard even the mature Beethoven or schubert
Bonus: the live broadcast is in fact of u/jackandjill22 being forced to watch the competition. If you make a donation you can give him an electric shock at a time of your choosing.
&gt;ou dont know where the boris comparison has come from? have you read anything. have a look at the post thread. The title perhaps, what i said from the start. Seems to suggest you arent paying attention. You may not have mentioned him but I did from the very beginning. That is irrelevant. We are debating my comment following yours mocking the assertion that corbyn was competent. Boris being bad or good makes no difference whatsoever to whether corbyn was competent or not. &gt;You are criticising his manner of speaking by assertions, its surly, its never a good comeback. Thats a weak argument because its your opinion and one i do not share. And who the fuck are you? There are unavoidable intangibles in politics: I explain to you how he comes across, you a ,die hard supporter say, essentially, I am wrong- fuck off. And yet most people would agree with me. The onus is on you at this point to argue why is presentation is superb, given the prevailing view is that it is not- and the point of good presentation being to have mass appeal, not the support of a few die hards If you can't see that his arguments and thinking were woolly as fuck, or understand (other than blaming it on the media) why people might not have faith in him to be the strong hero needed to lead the country into the grandiose utopic visions he promised then you yourself are an extension of his tone deaf, implacable incompetence as party leader. Politics requires social skills, soft skills in abundance. If you want to argue that corbyn was a great judge of situations and great at saying the right thing at the right time to make his arguments tell (or even at appointing and listening to people who could help him do that) then go ahead- make that argument- people will laugh and you will say it's all their fault and they haven't been "tangible" enough to persuade you. For someone like you I sincerely doubt anything will be enough &gt;With the antisemitism, i am asking for an actual example of some real significant antisemitism within the labour party that isnt someone just complaining about antisemitism in the labour party. Some comment, some action or some statistic that represents the actual antisemitism of parts of the labour party. S You completely miss the point. I have argued corbyn was utterly incompetent, not that he was an anti-semite. I already explained to you, tangibly, ways in which he dealt with this constructed narrative against him extremely poorly, for no gain. Like I said before, being competent isn't believing things. It's persuading other people to also believe those things. The other side very competently painted corbyn as an anti-semite and met *no resistance to doing so* because corbyn was fucking incompetent. Not fair? How was corbyn the man to win fights for fairness in society when he couldn't even combat his own unfairnesses? &gt;ssed, is all overshadowed by the collosal twat that is the current prime minister. He is, and has been for a long time, obviously deceitful scum. *So* obvious, and yet seats where a pile of animal dung with a labour rosette on should win turned narrowly conservative. So if it's that obvious that Boris is terrible, why couldn't corbyn show him up in the debates? Starmer doesn't seem to have trouble doing so does he? I won't continue after this as your arguments and views are frankly so nonsensical in the light of how things are now with starmer as leader with most of the same policy of significant issues. I hope for your sake that are a troll because your life must be very hard if you actually think the way you seem to. Please dont go and join an abusive cult when you finally lose faith in corbyn being flawless.
What about companies where the initial investment was wealth gained from the exploitation of feudal peasants many of whose descendants remain poor? (which will be most old companies)
We were only able to shit all over the people in what became our colonies because of vastly superior technology and also the "military discipline" culture. If the natives had had decent guns of their own and a correctly brutalised underclass then we wouldn't have been able to "civilise" them
&gt; It can when it's still causing harm. &gt; I don't understand what you mean. What can do what? What is still causing harm?
&gt;the comparison to BoJo was always there It was not. You said something about corbyn, then something about Boris. For it to be a comparison you have to tie them together. You could have said "corbyn cannot be claimed to be incompetent *in comparison to Boris.*" But you didn't do that. And what you actually said doesn't mean that. Now when someone argues against what you said you just go on and on about something you didn't. Pretty weak &gt; You still seem to hold on to the idea that incompetency is the same as making mistakes. No. You are holding on to your conflation of "he's incompetent" with "there is *no* basis to claim incompetence". &gt;Stick Corbyn against that, and its easy to see why people like me are aghast at the success of the accusations of incompetence, Completely irrelevant to whether the claims had basis or not.
Chinese food. Fuck-a you stupid americun!!!
&gt; but I still enjoyed it and ate there a dozen or so times. You slut!
No he is not.
He may look like that to you but he has rather scanty chest hair, when he removes said shirt.
Yes he did. https://www.bbc.co.uk/news/education-31640592#:~:text=Ed%20Miliband%20says%20Labour%20would,over%20%C2%A3150%2C000%20per%20year.
I dont know if he did or not. If he planned to reverse it seems like he would have done but I cant be bothered to google for it if it's even there. Fact is he didn't promise to reverse the legal aid changes at all. They have no trade union- why would he care?
I mean I actually disagree with his policy.
Absolute rubbish you're talking there. Nobody lives on the underneath side so there can't *be* any people, fine or otherwise.
That would have been a different version of pulp fiction
False. And you make angry
There was when I was looking but that was a while ago I dont have a link. I use Samsung n220 which has fn f5 backlight toggle in windows xp/7, maybe other windows work ive not tried. I think w10 might not run on the netbook or (or any of the others because the pixel qi and original screen have below minimum resolution- that was what I understood anyway) FYI it is not possible to get the backlight to switch off in Linux. See https://askubuntu.com/questions/938775/i-cant-turn-off-backlight-after-trying-many-solutions
Can it be too short to go up but fine to go down at the same length?
It's reflective not transflective. Transflective was made up for pixel qi to describe a screen that can switch between reflective and backlit/ or that is still reflective to light when the backlight is on. Please correct if i'm wrong
It's fine with normal room lighting, or with daylight
Hey you're being *biased* against him!!!
