This is why ive always said its the lions fault that stafford doesnt play better (though hes still top 10). Imo stafford is in a similar situation to what romo was in. Both very good QBs who would probably be HOFers on better teams. Even as a packers fan, i have a ton of respect for Staff. With Suh gone, i have a hard time disliking the lions. Esp with LG being there now.
Holy shit
Oh my.
/r/PhilipRivers is leaking
new to hammond and didnt see this posted here, so apologies if its been here before. It's not terribly hard, but not terribly easy either. You just BARELY clear the wall and get over one of the roof corners. This is great for getting back into action fast, or using it to flank if the payload is still near canal.
dont put disrespect on MVS and allison like that.
enable G-SYNC
no shit? whats his name?
If you pause it right after I get sucked in by Orisa, you'll notice that Transcendence is up. Additionally, the Brig had just ulted right before this. I thought this for sure meant a loss since it was in over time. I rolled back, saw them in a cluster, and thought I had a chance. As soon as our Sombra popped that clutch-ass EMP, I knew we could win it. Then both Lucio and Moira pop their ults and it's pretty much GG at that point haha. This was all without using comms in a PUG as well, so it was all great situational awareness by our team to pull off this last second win.
Sombra completely shuts down hammond and doomfist. Especially doomfist. A stun might lock you out completely, but for a short time. The hack feels like it lasts 6 seconds.
Her problem isnt her abilities, its her weapon. All of her abilities are insanely strong. Thats why her weapon is so bad. If her weapon was better, shed be gamebreaking.
Definitely has a feminine body
We sucked last year dude.
LOL WAT
HARMON WITH THE SIGNATURE PICK
How many Andrew Adams do the Buccs have for this to work?
Ive been trying to say cousins is over rated for a long time... i dont see what people see in him. Hes good, but hes not great. Its like jay cutler syndrome.
Height means youre (probably, if doing it right) coming from out of sight. Hammy has 3rd person peek, so you can and should easily abuse your enemies blind spots. High slams are basically either surprise attacks or to get to the back line.
Just watched the review. Pretty much confirmed my thought that I've been too passive/not aggressive enough. I checked my stats on overbuff.com and per game avg. i'm 13th percentile in elims but like &gt;99th percentile in deaths, so my E:D ratio is in the 98th percentile lol. and yea, definitely need more hook practice. need to work on ignoring tanks and stop chasing people for sure. I just get a little scared of dying and then leaving my team 5v6 lol. appreciate the time!
Lol ok. You never know these days haha. Ive heard pretty much this exact thing many places in competitive gaming.
Source?
Goofiest of All Time
Wat
Leg Gennings
Its funny, because zo's hyped voice sounds nothing like his talking voice lol
As an ex cav main, im surprised you still main her outside of gadget kill challenges.
Unless thats a bug too, you can thank him for being the reason buy-only alpha packs exist.
I see
Exactly. Such rage. Happened in rank too iirc
Thats how this season has felt. We arent dominant, but we get the job done.
you'd be surprised at the number of meatheads in the ME department lol. I think EE's are the nerdy ones. ME's are pretty cool for the most part. Source: ME Senior.
Seriously, how can you even make out the head from there?
Story mode where
Shenay? 😂
Its shine (shi-ne, 2 syllables) and its more of a 'neh' than 'nay'
I recently found out my buddy has been playing at something like 1600/32....unless he read controller sens out of habit.
i certainly didn't want a pretty boy elf.
O
sou da na
Its totally him lmfaooo nice call
Which is funny because hes a packers fan lol
Agreed!
We legit arent going to stop them today are we?
Who started with the ball?
TriCkY BoIS
When? I must have completely missed it, or ignored it lol
He must get mad bitches
its ryan fucking tannehill.
"Look how much money i have"
ANVIL
that wasn't what the comment was about though
Makes me feel better about my 3 kill round with it last night lol
best girl IRL
WATASHI GA GOBTA!
jc totally gave up on the play too
Really? Must have missed the notes...whats the point to inventory space now then lol
Nick mullens takes over for 49ers, they trade jimmy to pats, signing him for 5 years.
Hammond main, can confirm. Knocking people around as ballboi is really fun.
The reason people used her as an attack hero is because thats literally how she heals. If she isnt attacking, shes not putting out her value.
U were able to limit her with range before the nerf...
Her flail dps is the lowest in game for left click. Her shield has 500hp and can be taken out in a second or two of focus fire. She has a knock back and stun to protect herself and allies, and they dont really do shit for dmg anymore. And she needs to deal dmg to heal herself, which makes her vulnerable. If you cant out dmg 16.6hps, its not because shes op, its because youre bad.
Your changes would obliterate her.
well then...it appears i misunderstood how it worked. so i guess you can count him in lol. if anything, thats more op, because it was rare to get a 5 man rez on mercy.
No, dont buy loot boxes. Blizzard has made a shit ton of money on this game, and makes more through OWL sponsorships and shit. the illusion that game companies need lootboxes to survive is ridiculous.
Theyre best at them because they dont use anything else lol. I main hammond but im still trying to be good with other tanks, and at least proficient in other roles.
im sure ill get downvoted, but idk. that dude over in san fran is doing some major fuckin work. almost broke gronks single game receiving yards record in the first HALF. didn't get any looks his way teh second half tho lol
Yup. That nick mullens kid looks pretty talented tho.
Fire S. Lilith, fire s. Yuki, water garuda, dark birdu
This is my reaction to this *shocking* news: :l This kind of shit happens there all the time. That part of the world is fucked.
fucking lol
thats what i dont get. i have never heard anything about the shin counting.
NOW CAPITALIZE THIS OFFENSE!
is this a fucking joke? why is this team so poorly coached with penalties this season?
you do know thats not how that reads, right? and saying we control the second seed during this game is pointless. thats no less obvious than us losing it if we lose.
gordon where?
refs taking their sweet ass fuckign time.
we didnt have enough time to do that with no time outs and 30 seconds on the clock.
meanwhile josh is getting no fucking looks in game. i saw one pass to him all night. maybe two.
patriots run defense is also a dumpster fire
doesnt seem like it.
so true. i dont understand what the issue is. is it coaching? or are we really that devoid of talent? if so, wtf happened to our cap?
This is some anime type shit
Uganda?
i can feel it. ive never made more than 12k in a year, so i cant even imagine how $60k would be.
Thanks :)
Thats a dbz meme...
His nose is too big for everything.
No this is patrick
U didnt need to specify that it doesnt run. We already know.
I feel you. It feels like any time the enemy has a widow, she has free reign to uncontested sniping, but when i go widow, their whole fuckin team focuses me and ill have 2 or 3 people only countersniping me. But to answer your question, her biggest counter is winston. He molests her.
If its quick play, just focus on practicing. Thats what i do with widow. Youll lose, but hopefully youll get practice in.
Some keymappings feel weird and need to be fixed. Hammond for example, his ground slam is keybound to control or some weird shit. I made mine bound to f i think, which is more natural imo.
I rebound everything so i have hook on the bumper. To which i have no issues with any other characters or games.
My problem with FFA is that if its a custom game, youre probably going against lvl 1500 guys who dont put the game down. As a lvl 80s player, its not even worth my time. Especially widow hs only matches.
How much do hanzo hs's do vs widows?
Bob is game changing. Hes essentially a lvl3 torb turret that u cast into the team.
"oh. ill take that place and girl then."
Uhh...it was right into gronks hands...
Arent his fault
FUCK YES. BDN!!!!!!
thanks :D
did u pull her when she first came out?
I think darwin TM is better than kira
So the same receivers as now? Lol minus jules.
Its not really warm here in socal. Its been mostly the 60s and a little 70s
i wanted to believe he was making a double bleach/inuyasha pun
i already had respect for the dude, but this gave me a lot more for him.
Its not even a few seconds. It literally flashed for maybe half a second for me.
Fuck u ndonkeykong suh
Rape is awful but its still a major porn genre. Also contrary to popular believe, people dont choose what turns them on. I cant get off to dark black women no matter how hard i try. It doesnt make me racist, it just doesnt click in my brain. Thats why fantasy is different from real life. And what one might like in real life, they may not like to fantasize about. Porn makes some things less attractive, and it makes some things more attractive.
Sounds like my buddy lol
Uhh what?
I think the sender is a girl
Yup. Looks like his face was shrunk as a meme lol
I dont play bomb so i cant speak to that.
dining room is as close as it gets for secure. most people dont play that room though. i play in that room with the hatch, but not outside of it
im on console so strats might be different
Doyle here. You know my ancestors are from Dublin area.
Pretty sure that last one is a Bleach antagonist.
The game is so much better on pc. Night and day different game.
Hey youre doing it again! Ill try and get a ranked game in to send to you this time. I might send a better clip this time though so you can reinforce what im doing well. Or maybe tell me what i did poorly even though i thought i did it well.
About an hour in practice range gets me at least decent with them. Then i play ffa until i win a couple in a row.
If klab was to release a sale like this, it would essentially be around 425 orbs for $10, and thats not even including the massive amount of coins this pack came with, where coins are extremely valuable in this game. The problem with BBS is that most of the transactions are macrotransactions and are for whales only. I've been playing this game for not even a year and I've already spent more in microtransactions that I have in almost 1000 days in BBS.
the CGI was rough in S1, but got better in S2, and got WAY better in sunshine. that said, that has nothing to do with choreography. zombieland saga choreography and song writing makes me actually cringe.
Yea but id have to pull her 3 more times for that to matter T.T unless she becomes farmable in the future?
You play too? :D ive been enjoying this gsme way more than bbs for sure. Combat is way better, and having most valks be farmable is great. Though the $10 i spent here was for naught as i didnt get anything i wanted T.T
Its a holiday sale, not a permanent thing
Sometimes too much new content &gt;.&gt;
Haha thanks
yea i think thats bbs's biggest issue... the events are just orb sources, theyre not really unique experiences outside of the "story" that no one gives a shit about.
Yup
Id have to check again but i took it as a holiday sale with a limited time to purchase but because it requires up to lvl70 to get all of them, its permanent to your account until you fully claim it. You might be right though. Even then though, the timing of it cant be a coincidence lol.
i think those were drunk dudes not smitten dudes lol
yea i noticed that when the diamond frame on my team in ranked was awful. and im trying to use QP for practicing new heroes, but i can't because im constantly against try hard smurf genjis, tracers, and widows.
that still makes you a smurf? this game is more about knowledge than mechanics. there is no possible way someone who is a new lvl 20 is going to out perform me. Even if they have perfect aim, their lack of game knowledge would be too much to overcome.
Oh christ
I cant even downvote you. This shit was pathetic.
Im sorry brother, cheers from canada!
yea i tried to shatter by sticking my hammer through an orisa shield today and it didn't work.
The fact that 90% of people shit on the MC, as well as the fact that he actually wants to return to his world.
How do you manage to not get shot at?
"Positioning" is kind of a weird term to use with hammond tbh
even as a packers fan its hard to love rodgers these days. he's hella full of himself and you can see it in his body language every game. i still like the guy, but i dont love him. not like brady or favre.
He acts like he has no weapons on offense. His wr corps is really good, and he has 2 solid rbs.
this is attack on titan not gintama lol
I don't think you can call people homophobic and then say its weird for athletes to admire the work another dude has put in. Its not "damn hes got nice abs, id fuck him." Its "damn hes got nice abs, he probably bests his ass off to get those." Its more of an admiration of the human body, not something sexually charged.
I think we just call that a name lol
Id be pissed if i was the other WRs. Theyre good and rodgers doesnt even give them a chance.
I mean, he was pretty good for a year or two...
they legit? dont need to worry about credit card theft? lol
how about we stop buffing the ever loving shit out of every dps so tanks are actually playable? Orisa is the only currently viable pick right now if the other team decides to go damage.
Because for 95% of the player base, that isnt the case.
You arent gunna find many quality players at 1700 regardless
And a tank dies if a boosted hanzo storm arrows the tank. Or junk blows them up. Or sombra and doom and mei turn them into walking ult batteries. A single dps is not supposed to be able to solo a tank who has a support, and a tank isnt supposed to be able to solo a dps by himself. Tanks require supports to be effective. Dps dont. Its your job to either kill the supports first, or work together to overcome the healing. You arent supposed to be able to just nuke tanks to death.
What do you mean false causation? Afaik it doesnt include overhealing. Shes obviously not going to work for every team comp, but she works well for rein zarya.
if only they actually were.
not sure. blocking it gave orisa enough time to kill hte mccree though lol. prob depends on target/bullet number
&gt; No he is a tank. Pretending he isn't for the point of pushing that tanks are weak is pointless. He is a tank he is a tank in the essence that he has a large health pool only. his entire existence is based around getting kills. he offers zero protection to his team other than standing in front of them with his fat ass hitbox. &gt; Considering that it heavily denies her value it is a counter. It's sjut something you don't want to acknowledge to push a certain narrative literally any character can do it, dva just has the benefit of not having to spend the ammo to do so. considering that checking for sombra happens before fights actually happen, its not a massive advantage over other heroes. shooting in random places in not a counter, stop with your bullshit. thats like saying, "you can counter her by killing her!!!!" &gt; That is a problem. How do you say this and are fine with it? A large part of the cast is plain unnecessary and you're just fine with that. Fuck that. That's not balance at all. where did i say i was fine with it? i have issues with the entirety of how overwatch is balanced. DPS should do the most damage and be the most mobile. Tanks should have the largest health pools and protection/CC abilities. Supports should heal and have CC/peel abilities. Neither tanks nor supports should do a large amount of damage. These are all the essences of the holy trinity, and blizzard, the biggest founder of said ideal, decided they would just blow that all away in this game and let everyone deal massive damage, when that shouldn't be the case. Lower tank and support damage, increase tank survivability, and increase support utility. thats how the game would become truly balanced. &gt; No they really don't. Again the counterplay for Sombra is there and dying to a Mei is on you there is no counterplay to sombra mid fight. there is ZERO counterplay to EMP. and the duration of hack is so long, it only has a 2 second down time because of how short the CD is. That isn't balanced. &gt; So anything that slightly makes a tanks life difficult is a counter. Wow the level of entitlement. Isn't it funny that DVa cucks almost all the DPS but that's fine because she's a tank i just listed more dps that are viable vs tanks than even the number of tanks that exist. DM lasts for like 2 seconds and has a 2 second cooldown, and has been nerfed over and over. it's called a peel ability, and its literally the only thing that makes her a tank. you seem to have this idea that lots of HP makes someone a tank, but that isn't remotely true. if it was, brig wouldnt be considered a tank/support hybrid. &gt; Since you made an assumption, here's mine. Here's the problem with tank players. YOu think you're some blessing to the game because you play the "unfun" class. You refuse to acknowledge the actual power of the class and would rather pretend you're some tortured soul. You're not. Get over yourself and maybe stop assuming that because someone doesn't agree with your victim complex, that they don't play that class. You speak about balance but you clearly give two fucks about it. Seriously get over yourself. You're not special for playing tanks and the weakest a tank has ever been was hog post nerf and that was still stronger than the throw picks of Symm and Torb at the time. Tanks, along with supports, have always been the most powerful in the game. you seem pretty triggered. if tanks were as strong as you think they are, 80% of the player base wouldnt play dps. people like to kill shit. that isn't the primary objective of tanks. are tanks strong? yes. but they require a team to make them strong. not a single tank out of the gate is strong by themselves, aside from maybe Hammond, and he has the most hard counters out of any hero in the game. Not only that, but he has a high skill floor and STILL isn't OP, he's just balanced. Orisa is finally becoming meta for the first time outside of troll bunker comps since her release, and its ONLY because dps are getting so cancerous to play against, that fortify is a MUST to actually be able to do something.
If youre playing heroes/roles you cant play, that means youre automatically locking roles and not flexing to what your team needs, forcing other players onto roles theyre not good on. Its not intentionally throwing, but its still throwing. Which is the issue my buddy has. Hes 3500 and has an account he bought to play dps on and its about 2800, but he doesnt wanna just instalock dps every game because thats toxic so he has to play tank sometimes, which is smurfing. This would all be fixed with 2-2-2 role que lock. If youre strictly playing support or tank and youre a dps main, then yea, thats not smurfing, thats called an alt.
We already 3/4 the way there. Unless u mean all on one team
tell them to fuck off.
does he get paid like a GM here though?
Idk man.
&gt;Tanjirou should have given her a hand or something. i think she had enough hands for one person.
I never really understood the idea that someone cannot play video games because theyre a girl. This isnt a physical sport where women have a literal biological handicap to men. I have 3 requirements to play with me: 1. Dont be annoying 2. Dont be toxic 3. Don't be bad (relative, obviously) If you speak clear english or at least understand it well enough, who cares what sex or race someone is? If they do their job that should be enough
Goats requires the entire team to be proficient on support or tank. Higher ranks have more support and tank players than lower ranks. Putting dps players on these roles when they have shitty positioning is going to make the comp not work.
bilichek
Its her thumb. You cant cross your arms and have ur thumb on bottom. They prob gave her two right hands.
What does that even mean
I almost lost my most recent game on anubis against a 6 dps comp. They completed with 6:30 left. We completed in over time. We somehow managed to take A in a minute and B to like 96% in 30 seconds. We held them on second defense for the full 7:30 because they refused to swap from 6 dps though, as we eventually found a comp to beat it.
You can carry in plat to low diamond without being GM. Mid to high diamond is where you prob need to be a GM to truly carry.
"SET THE FUCKING EDGE KYLE!"
As a cdh fan, this was embarrassing af
Just fyi OP, it's can't be used this way.
And youre missing my point. Working a machine isnt a hobby, playing a sport is. Its not like people ask about meetings and practice and boring shit.
because people are realizing how broken sombra is. all the ults in the world can't save you if you can't use them.
thanks i hate it.
Bron?
To say hammond doesnt rely on gun play is extremely incorrect. If anything, he relies on aim the most to get any sort of damage out. The vids werent about the kills, but the % damage done to them when they died. Most of the time it was mostly my damage. If you dont average at LEAST 32% accuracy with his weapons, youre not gunna be very effective. The great thing is, playing hammond does wonders for improving your tracking aim.
Ive definitely never seen this doom bug. Every single rein charge is a coin flip.
not everyone watches the OP, specifically to avoid spoilers.
The difference is that hammond has the largest hitbox in the game, so literally every character has a better chance of hitting him. While a tracer only gets hit by maybe 40-50% of bullets, hammond gets hit by all of them.
Everything has a work around. Even sombra. The requirement is for that player to be bad. A good sombra is going to hackspam you just as a good ana isnt going to miss her sleep/nade, as a good mccree isnt going to miss flash, etc etc. And mei is a hard counter no matter what, unless she isnt sticking with the team. A single tick of her freeze instantly saps a massive amount of movement speed (same as sym turrets) so it doesnt even require a good mei, it just requires she play with her team. The problem isnt these heroes by themselves, its these heroes when theyre typically stacked on the same team, as they usually are. And as i pointed out in another comment hammond has the largest hitbox in the game so there is a larger chance you hit him.
So land a CC? idk what to tell you. There is a fuck ton of cc in this game. A discord from zen will also fuck his shit up. You honestly think a tank who is designed to dive into the middle of your team should just die without being cc'd? He would be unplayable.
in what level of play?
rings true for brady and edelman at least.
i knew i recognized that bearded titan.
i dont enjoy seeing people eat titans though. i enjoy seeing titans get shit on.
Mei is pretty unbalanced rn. That recent buff put her over the top.
Its really not. Its a pretty mild CD.
He had his hazards on lmao
No way was he on drugs. Malcolm aint like that.
Actually a really good point. Ffa is absolute trash. Most of the time (esp in hero gauntlet) its just whoever can KS the best.
I count 10 heroes with hard cc abilities. And then theres soft cc like sym turrets which are pretty much as effective as hard cc against hammond. Having no hard cc on your team is not an excuse. Especially when a few dps heroes counter pretty much every single tank in the game.
Careful. Dps mains already think our boi is broken lmao
Wtf i love josh mccown
roadhog is just a fat dps.
all star or MVP?
zarya has a bunch of good skins...
*sees pats thread* hey man, i didnt come here for feels.
doom balanced btw.
this is actually embarrassing.
this is why jiqiren isnt starter
ive never been mad at this team, but im legit mad at what ever the fuck that was.
theyre still a top team
Is it celine:a or regular?
I mean, shes best girl, soooo
Shes actually an animation.
CDH too tbh.
Hes so fluffy too :3
Excuse me what?
ironically now "Attack on Titan" makes absolutely zero sense.
Sorry to say, but orisa is the best tank against reaper. Reaper shits on hammond.
Reaper can just walk into ur shield as rein. Rein is in no way able to fend him off.
Agreed. Hes heavily team dependent. He can carry, but your team needs to be at least competent.
a neck kiss is a helluva lot more sensual than a lip kiss is.
I guess you could say that, even though Team Runaway was running away with the lead, now that goats is dead they should probably run away.
Its a different kind of synergy. Ball synergizes with dva and winston the same way they synergize with eachother. Ball synergizes with rein because he is able to push the enemy into your team, essentially feeding them to your rein.
the wall change was a buff not a nerf?
I swear ameng had his shield up for that one..
rebalancing is gunna have to happen
against who though? you can play poorly and still win lol
I'M SO FUCKING HAPPY RIGHT NOW
viol2t is awesome
i love this team. its so frustrating at times, but those frustrating times make these amazing times all the sweeter.
theyre incredible when they dont throw.
3^3-2 - 2
its like the takumi zone but real..
viol2t actually trans'd really well. emp is just too broken to win against every time.
oof
Theyre the same.
put the drink down and step away from the bar my friend.
this is why i dont go to the packers sub even though theyre my other team. packers fans are unbearably stupid and homer.
to add: don't press the enemy spawn and immediately get picked so your team is now stuck in a 5v6 snowball position.
Jayne has said brig is one of the harder heroes to play in goats.
you can literally see her laser things going through my shield...
SS God
Aside from the fact that the genji isnt even standing at the same angle in the gif...
honestly didn't know. rarely watch the gladiators. since biggoose is european i just assumed they had more europeans on the team
You couldnt use brighter colors? Lol
I love deion. The respect he shows to jules is the respect that everyone should show to him
Based on this, he already has one
Part of your problem
This isnt the first time ive heard this from a former player...
He had similar numbers to DeHop and had no real #2 to help spread the field out more.
Warson took this game over with that rushing td. All bills momentum is gone.
RUN THROUGH A MUTHAFUCKAS FACE
saw this coming. henry is gunna gape our assholes
sanu got a first!?
literally no one can get open lmao
hes still getting offers.
u think both the chiefs AND the ravens are gunna lose? lol
https://cdn.vox-cdn.com/thumbor/L5z2R8Q3BgBiRRNg2RwdM58yoiI=/1400x0/filters:no_upscale()/cdn.vox-cdn.com/uploads/chorus_asset/file/10702749/mj.jpg
why would that be a rule lmfao
i feel like I could yank down sony
its just a number
toms washed tho right
D HARM!!!!
are there even any big WR free agents this upcoming offseason? or TEs?
Yup
Sony cant run it tho
Thats game
yea i have no idea where the fuck burk went
as much as i hate the ravens, i'd like them to represent the AFC in the SB. i hate the team, but i like lamar.
Where have you been?
gotcha
iirc, brady didnt benefit from a single roughing the passer this season
wasnt wynn #16?
who's Jerry Jason?
you're getting downvoted for the top 5 all time comment, not calling brady the goat lmao
because their offense is really good?
I mean it can be both. It wasnt exactly a hard hit.
my other team is the packers, so itll be that. if they lose, ill be cheering for jimmy g
he probably wasnt counting the browns or bengals lmao
I would say 5.0 PR is pretty significant..
Hes said it on twitch a lot. Unless they pay him big, he's gone
You sonuva bitch, im in.
If you think mei and reaper are balanced youre out of your damn mind.
or just add diminishing returns like the game that the same game studio owns, has had for 15 years.
what is the counterplay to mei? because she has no fall off damage now so she can duel snipers.
but she can contest pharah too. thats the problem, she can do EVERYTHING. and the other three you mentioned are all OP as well.
That means your mmr is lower than your SR.
Damn bro you should work at espn with that reaching.
such as who? thats not a common occurence, if at all.
no i dont. reaper should almost always lose to mei. bap shouldnt be anywhere near a mei. orisa its a toss up. pharah used to be a hard counter til they removed her fall off damage.
dva hasn't been easy to use in a long time. winston hasn't been easy to use in a long time. mccree still at least requires good aim. idk what game you're playing, but its 2020, not 2018. also, theres a difference in low skill floor high skill ceiling high value heroes and low skill for low skill ceiling high value characters. you can get a lot of value out of reaper and mei without being very good at the game. you can't and never have been able to do so with dva or winston. you could play them to a reasonable level, but i wouldn't say you would ever get high value out of them at a low skill level.
Mmr is match maker rating. Its what your matches are based on and is hidden. Sr is like your rank. If you win too many games and dont perform at the level the other players in those games are (aka getting carried), your SR will be higher than your mmr. The game then tries to force u down SR to get them to match because it believes u are too high ranked based on ur skill.
he already said hes coming back
Well this was underwhelming. This changes effectively nothing about mei.
Yea, tom will totally want to play 16 away games a yr at age 43
Sell the house for obj
it would be good for the chargers, it would be bad for brady
This gives me full BIS for dark jonin. Just need to upgrade her and the weapon :)
Sorry your rogues are bad
Yea i do need another one for LE, but thisll do for now
The jerrys are nice, just change the laces
there is literally no way to do it "incorrectly". killing pyromancer and spazzring and even doubling back on pick pockets only netting me 12g in my last run and it took 40 minutes because of resists. ive had a run take over an hour because the resists were so bad.
I'm not complaining. I was defending my class.
how many WRs come here and don't perform well but perform well outside of here? the only time we ever lose good WRs is on the tail end of their career and they retire out of it requiring too much effort or not grasping the playbook.
they just need to convert him to a TE. Hed be a perfect TE.
WHAT THE FUCK
Bradys was better. The guy jimmy blocked basically just fell backwards from backpedaling too fast.
theyre pretty similar.
thats true. suppose i can try it
watch more ravens games.
pats were not #2 lol. as a pats fan.
wrong game thread
its almost like derrick henry is doing all the work lmao
doesnt help that lamar throws a fucking duck
and as you can see, record doesn't mean shit. check through my post history. im a pats fan and i called them getting ass-blasted by henry multiple times.
you mean yards after first contact? typically YAC is yards after catch lol
hes a system qb through and through, but hes an incredible athlete.
"Weve won so much" Yall hax one 14-2 regular season and went one and done in the play offs. You aint won shit lmao.
he was obviously teary-eyed, wtf?
yea, but sony wouldnt have seen it, he'd just dive headfirst into the pile instead.
the yellow line is not the official line. the actual first down marker was half a yard behind the yellow line.
go away
They were together earlier in the night.
Need I remind Hue?
Initial D: Arcade Stage games are the best racing arcade games hands down.
Dont feed bad bro thats fucking disgusting.
People keep saying this but i have not had this happen once.
What the other guy said. It still asks me to sign in
Lol n'ice'
genji. i hate his shurikens with a passion.
cooks? as in brandon cooks?
I have only seen him like twice so idk how hes even considered an analyst. They had him on for schticks about the pats but i havent seen him since.
Some shield poses: https://imgur.com/a/GGyODdm
i mean its a video game character creator, there are limitations lol.
ohhh yea i saved the profile. how do i share it though?
ohhh i thought it was a magazine ad hahahaha
i knew it looked familiar haha
to beauty album?
just uploaded it as "Lagertha Lothbrok"
yea
ha basically
Why do u know how that smells...
Would also let us play other bgs. Pls. I wanna play AB when it comes out...
no it cant. sap is out of DR by the third one. the second one lasts like 8 seconds. last one maybe 2 or 3. and then u cant use gouge.
i thought he plays for the eagles. he has time for reddit?
Ironically they have wings on them to keep them from flying lol
It most definitely doesnt. Idk what math youre using, but the starting sap time is 15 seconds in pvp, not 40. It isnt polymorph.
KIANA, OBLITERATE!!!
uh... most...
Most games have a minimum lvl requirement for it to activate, others do it through zoning. In black desert online, you have to complete a quest at lvl 49 to reach lvl 50, which enables u for pvp. In world of warcraft, you have a choice of pvp or pve servers. On pvp servers, you hit contested zones around lvl 25. Its a pain in the ass, but it adds to the world building and excitement of the game. It makes it REALLY easy to hate the enemy faction when they gank you a bunch during your leveling process.
I figured it was like just the first lvl of the healing spell haha
Its a screenshot with zero context lol
Its achilles. Its not plural lol
a smack in the ass is hardly "hitting" someone. how soft are you?
a flotation device for the entire ship lol
she reminds me of ikkaku from bleach
Turn it off
Thats a fucking bullshit penalty
I actually called that lmao
This team is so awful lmao
He took the 31st? Ranked defense to the SB i believe against the eagles.
First rd bye and an easy seahawks team with no RBs
I hate their hype
im still concerned about our defense. really dont know what the problem is with our offense. need a better TE maybe? or use fullback more?
always excuses
Ive done this... also have gotten to work an hr early lol. Shit sucks. Luckily my boss still let me work a half shift when i showed up on my day off so it wouldnt be a total waste of time for me.
Pretty neutral
If yxl wasnt even good enough to make the roster this yr over BCJK, why did they keep forcing him into games??
Was watching Your Overwatchs video today and he was basically backlining as sig and no one would collapse on him. They just ignored him while he killed them all. Completely baffled.
I imagine bumpers playstyle is really stressful to play with.
kaeru is always already dead
yea but he mentioned noragami in the same breath as NGNL, which only has one season.
wat
Im not. Where have i defended him once? I just think its funny how worked up some of yall get about something that has zero affect on you.
Yea im chillin. I would be shocked if he doesnt re-sign
but they do... they go to the derby together every year.
Rogue pvp gear is pretty bad anyways tbh
Mr. Brown's Consultant
So lemme get this right: he didnt like his first name so much, he went by his middle name. So then he gave his son the same name?
Didnt look like they were trying that hard lol
Wtf lmao
My main from vanilla to lk was warrior, with dk after tbc sprinkled in, and some lock during tbc. Always played rogue on the ptr though and loved it, so i decided to finally commit to it with classic
How do u get 65g an hr in brd
checked it, you can log out for 2 minutes without losing queue, including timer. i think anything more than that, and 5 mins to be sure, you get dropped from queue.
Its honestly a big buff to ball play. Having sigma play mine sweeper with ur ult as WB is a gut punch.
I think theyve done a good job at making it workable. His main issue has always been dealing too much dmg
ubbe is my favorite character since ragnar left. he is the most like ragnar i find.
vinland saga is less theatrical than this lol.
yea when they were talking about it during one of the post-play celebrations in honor of kobe is when i first tuned in, and so i was thinking "what, did he retire or something?" because i don't follow basketball. but then they said that he died in a helicopter crash and after i looked it up i was pretty shook. again, not a basketball guy, but kobe is a legend. and living in san diego my whole life, you hear a lot about the guy growing up.
i was actually thinking what the equivalence to other sports this death would be. it would probably be jeter for MLB and peyton manning for NFL.
This is the mentality that killed siege. No ty.
Wasnt mr.rogers a SEAL or something?
yea i had to pause a LOT this episode. girls were speaking 100 miles a minute.
All the time i wasted in community college
25 queues on a good night. 40+ on slow nights..
I guess we know trump's favorite food
Perfection.
Yea his physical abilities have nose dived
Wat. We almost always have a top line lmao
yea i dont really complain about animation (S3 of overlord was bad but acceptable to me), but this was pretty damn lazy.
sorry i dont follow animator twitters lol. i understand they're understaffed, but if theyre putting this quality of content out, to the average view, it is gunna look lazy.
Be$t inve$tigator
banning one tank is often banning two tho
they play orisa, sigma, ana and/or bap, mccree, reaper if thats the case.
i think one of the problems is that seasons are too fast now and should slow down a bit closer to how it used to be. maybe itll change now with the faster balance changes, but seasons feel the same because balance was so slow that is not that they FELT the same, its that they WERE the same.
Tbf most relationships dont last anyways, so better to have 3some than no 3some and no relationship
Yea, health is probably the most important thing for a playoff team to make it to the SB.
people think that about our city because it was known as that in the 80s, and they continue to call it that to their children. If they actually took the time to come here and interact with the citizens, they would see how different it is. There are plenty of black people who live here. Hell, my next door neighbors of 15+ years were an older black couple from New Orleans. They were like grand parents to me.
Yea because thats what this game needs, more damage. I swear you guys wont be happy until tanks die from just being looked at.
Except you can have orisa and sigma too? And zarya? And mei and brig?
it means you CAN, but based on what we've seen from blizzard, they WONT.
Because hes braindead to play, not because hes weak.
???? There are a ton of abilities in this game that 'cancel' other abilities...
da south in ya mouth lmao. that place prob bomb af.
Oh no baby what is you doin...
Dont u have to go through someones follower list to find out? I dont really tweetbird much
"I used to get teased for being black And now I'm here and I'm not black enough 'Cause I'm not acting tough Or making stories up 'bout where I'm actually from, yeah" when i first heard these lyrics from Drake's "You and The 6" I was like, damn. That's a reason problem for light skinned dudes. Or just black people in general who don't act hood and shit. Kinda like the old half-breed problem where people don't feel like they fit in with either community. Pretty shitty stuff.
Probably a player from the days of old where you couldnt see inside from outside unless u cranked ur shit.
Operator icon says thatcher, video says Glaz.
She swol
Ive been saying that hog rework felt great since they put it on exp card, but people downvote me. I play hog like a tank regardless, so that change felt amazing. Yes, you couldnt 1 shot combo squishies, but as a tank, u really shouldnt be able to to begin with.
They did. Thats why hog one tricks are a problem now.
Ding ding ding
Orisa does have staying power between her shield, fortify, and primary fire. Shes tanky as fuck. Same goes for rein, winston, and ball. Dive is not about staying power so im not gunna touch that. Sigma has zero armor, a highly mobile shield, an ability to mitigate all damage with grasp, CC, and high damage output. He is able to peel damage from anywhere, but is best at range. He cannot push a point the same way rein or orisa can. And ball can peel very well, its just not his objective. Its less of a protective peel like dva or zarya and more of an offensive peel like hog, where you force the person out of the position they want to be in.
Ty
Wow the make up artists for tolkien movies are really damn good these days. Looks super realistic.
Thats from one wear? Jesus what you do, plumbing in them?
Its basically non-existent in california. Our death rate here in san diego is 0.06%.
States are lying about deathrates by putting too many false death causes, not too little.
Yea its been reposted
theres still plenty of phrases and words you can learn from anime. obviously you don't want to SPEAK like an anime character, but there is plenty to learn from watching anime.
Lmao didnt even think of that
Brady almost beat that record in the SB no less.
This is because most qbs who could ever get that many arent good enough to justify playing them anyways.
Yea this....isnt true. Idk where you learned this lmao
This is stupid. And since its not taught everywhere, its extra stupid.
im so mad i didnt get these
Yea roadhog is basically silent to me
the difference is echo is broken WITHOUT armor. it doesnt *make her more meta* than she already is, it just is the cherry on top.
Sole purpose of the church was to gain power over the people and assert themselves as the power house of the world. Dont think it was anything aside from that.
Her titties are named Dorae and Mon
he treats his people like shit, hes literally a power hungry, ego-maniac ruler who only cares about himself. you dont have to kill or rape to be a villain.
Custa
This game is still like this because people like you keep making the same excuse for klab. I quit this game 2 years ago and it sounds like its gotten even worse than it was, and its because the playerbase just takes it instead of taking a stand.
The only heroes not broken on release have been ball and ashe...
Holy diver by killswitch engage. Turn the page by metallica
He's effective with the dps they want to play. They could very easily swap to self sustain dive heroes, but theyre selfish.
Did the UK discover gyaru or something?
Clean. Throw some black laces on that
Hi rick. Thank you for the great memes. Its low key a banger.
Nah
Dps mains wont be happy til they 1 shot everything and have no counters.
Doom is not weak lol. The meta just doesnt favor him.
Mass produce them all in all colorways, as long as quality doesnt dip
super, no competition.
If youre unable to heal me because i keep running away, its because im going to get health packs so you can put your resources into someone else.
it wont even let me log in man. i tried both chrome and FF regular and incognito and every time i log in, it just goes back to being logged out =/
ima be getting no sleep tnight lmao
jesus is ameng ok? he looks like he hasnt been eating
ive seen this movie before
YXLs biggest problem was that he was forced onto sombra, who he had literally never played before.
thats like the first kill BCJ has gotten lmao
This is just embarrassing
why do asian teams keep trying this stupid ass winston zarya shit
winston is more the OT in monkeyball tbh
BCJ in. ggs
BCJ doing way better than last night thankfully
is this really the same BCJ? lmao
oh god not ATing...
FUCKING LOSABLE
Fuck man, one fucking meter
every hunters game
if the angle is too steep, youll just slide. its the same as rein pin i think
Zyons all day
facts
Yea way too much
Armor is literally the only reason brig is currently used outside of countering specific dive heroes.
Personally i think asians have beautiful eyes and hair...
My recommendation would be to not have your first attempt be on $300 shoes lol
I mean they said the same superlative shit about rodgers too, so...
what the fuck is this frame rate i thought my pc was dying
that woulda been like a 4k pulse bomb without lamp tho
oh good the same line up for this map. because it clearly worked last map.
how did torb escape double shield meta with zero nerfs?
leave is trying so hard
god we are hot trash this season
oh fucking god ATING is in?
Thx for correction
i have been an advocate against kyo since like half way into last season. hes really not good.
i wouldnt say he won the map but he was certainly there for it
i genuinely think we woulda won this with molly yveltal
Puma low key has mad heat
nah kyo is pretty bad. ive watched every game since the beginning of last season, and i've only seen him do something good like once or twice.
we've been on meta all season. its why we're getting shit canned.
lmao leave wtf
its literally not. half the roster is new rookies.
thats not really a fight a winston should win, primal or not. torb is essentially a tank himself, has an aimbot turret that does over 50dps, and he himself does insane damage.
hes really not that bad at orisa or rein.
of course ating c9s lmao
they held anubis B with ball hog
because it wasn't a big fucking deal. but its the pats so fuck us.
what do you mean after resets?
its pretty hard to see as hammond when theres an entire team groups up and using their own abilities. if its placed in the middle of nowhere where no one is around it, sure. but placed in the middle of the team and its pretty damn hard to see.
hammond literally has the most counters out of any hero in the game but ok.
Fill me in cuz i have no idea who either of those people are.
