It’s freeze dried!
They’re talking about pride parades.
Repost.
*lady’s
Lloyd is a Welsh name. Ll is a Welsh letter with a sound that doesn’t exist in English. It’s kind of like hl but with your tongue touching your back teeth. It was anglicized as “fl” in Middle English because the lips are a bit closed like an f. So Floyd and Lloyd are the same name. This is why sometimes you’ll see Llewelyn as Flewelyn in old books. It’s like naming twins Jeff and Geoff. I think it was Shakespeare who popularized the name Floyd.
She committed fraud multiple times over the years, so the charges stack up.
*grandma’s *sister’s
*bear’s
To be fair, some of those section 8 people are awful tenants. I wouldn’t want to rent to them either.
States are harder to do because it’s less about the state’s quirks and more about the region.
Does a pacifier not work?
Trump.
I’m a redhead. I should go sometime!
They deserve it. Fuck them for not firing Larry Nassar in the first place.
Switzerland, duh.
They don’t have to be special Hannukah candles. My family has used plain old birthday candles forever.
*uncle’s
What about Lyndon Johnson?
*should have
&gt;gamergirl As a woman, ughhhhhhh.
They’re starting to outsource.
Yes I have. If they’re power metal, then so is Therion.
The kids probably love him and he loves them back if they drive him crazy. You probably don’t want to hear about all the hugs and drawings.
If he’s capable of being at school, he doesn’t have the mental functioning of an infant.
She was a child actress who was likely abused a bunch. You can’t blame her for going crazy. It almost always happens to child actors.
With an essay about how I’m apparently a bad woman for calling out using hashtags on Reddit.
Ah, weekly joke #1567.
I mean, you’ve probably had Ethiopian coffee beans. Ethiopia is where coffee came from originally.
They also put butter in their coffee instead of cream.
All of that development came recently. Like the late 80s recently.
No, it’s a car wash.
I guess that means I can donate blood now since I had sex with a bi guy in high school.
Feeeeeeeemalesssss
My SR has decayed down to 3000 because I’m so afraid of playing comp after hearing about these glitches.
He wasn’t prudent but he wasn’t wrong.
Takahashi Miike? In MY subreddit?
*you’re
Thank you for not putting this is aww.
Oh come on! The Carlton Dance has been a meme for over ten years. I thought he was cool with it when he performed it a couple times. What an asshole.
Cat doesn’t care. The hands give scritches, that’s all that matters. The cat is happy.
That could be a female soldier. You can’t tell from behind. Women are conscripted in North Korea too.
The church doesn’t say looking at hot guys is wrong. They say that if you look at a hot guy and think anything other than “I want to be just like him,” then it’s wrong.
You wanna see what that got someone on /r/legaladvice who wanted to found a 504(c)3 to legalize incest? They got CPS called on them. Because incest means fucking your kids as well as your siblings. I can’t link to it because I’m on mobile, but if you search for “incest” on the subreddit, you’ll find it. Again, this is not the hill you want to die on. 99% of incest fetishists don’t actually want to fuck their family members. If you have siblings, you’d understand why. If you really do want to fuck your siblings, you need therapy. [Considering places like Saudi Arabia, where endogamy is common, have abnormally high rates of genetic disorders](https://gulfnews.com/world/gulf/saudi/saudi-arabia-should-curb-marriages-within-relatives-says-genetics-researcher-1.1441827), there is no way that you could reasonably promote legalizing such a taboo. And I’m pretty sure the gay community wouldn’t appreciate being used to justify incest, since they’ve worked for decades to separate themselves from incest and pedophilia.
There is no way this is in America. This wouldn’t be allowed at any major park. So many things could go wrong.
Lou Ferrigno is a gay icon?
Crack it open and see if it’s a double yolker!
Does it still say “You must kill John Romero”?
I always thought bears and cubs were joking about finding Santa Claus sexy. I was wrong.
Either is acceptable.
Yet all IWC members have stuck to their EEZ. Besides, I thought it was for research. Also, no they haven't stuck to international waters. They often whaled in Australian, NZ, Argentine, British, French, and Chilean waters. Researchers usually get permission from countries before doing that sort of thing. Yet Japan didn't.
I haven't noticed many NK apologists. They've always been laughed out of the room. If there are any, they're likely Russian trolls.
Fuck off, Gallowboob.
You do realize nuclear war means WE get destroyed too, right? At best, it’d be a Pyrrhic victory. Again, if nuclear war was a viable option, the Cold War wouldn’t have been a thing. Do you not know about mutually assured destruction?
Ghost crabs on the beach are so cute.
They’ve basically shut down the entire DC metro area. This also affects government contractors. A million people are going to have their Christmas ruined because of Trump.
Not wtf.
Depressing.
Probably wanted a serious tag.
What do you mean? American schools have excused absences for things like being sick. What are you talking about?
Check Van Balion’s channel.
Is he an infant? No.
Did you leave her a text message that you were coming over to get your stuff? If not, you're the asshole.
Yes, it is a problem. Kids under 14 aren't allowed youtube channels. If you see a kid with a popular youtube channel, it's owned and run by their parents. The fact that ASMR is often sexualized makes it even more important.
Remember that every single climate change denier is damning Venice to sink.
But the article you linked does confirm that two handed flails were a thing and are well attested.
Oh is that what it's called! I've heard it everywhere.
You can curse on the internet. We won’t tell mommy.
Two gay cats 69ing. I think the internet is over now. You can all go home.
You can google this, you know. Read the sidebar.
Blockbuster turning down a deal with Netflix.
They died for the same reason Vine died: they couldn’t monetize it. To get marketing money, you can’t have anonymity.
That’s not why Sears went under. They went under because they hired an Ayn Rand fanboy to be the CEO. He encouraged in-fighting because it’s “healthy competition.” He didn’t believe in raises and treated everyone under him like shit, especially retail employees. He took “greed is good” seriously and ran with it. Basically, he was a complete and utter tool and proved that Ayn Rand didn’t know Jack shit about how businesses should be run. People still shop at big box stores, especially for appliances. Internet competition wasn’t a problem. It was entirely corporate practices, not business practices, that sent them into freefall.
They make most of their money from pharmaceuticals, they’re fine.
Yes, I know that. I was making a point.
Their logic is “better judged by 12 than carried by 6.”
Well? Did she?
I wish the places I applied to had your attitude.
I paid for priority shipping.
Getting a degree doesn’t guarantee you a job.
This doesn’t belong in this sub.
Golden mean fallacy.
Yet in that same post, you say they were far from competent. You’re kind of just restating “Italy sucked in WWII.” Yes, they deserve to be mocked when the only time they did well was when they used chemical weapons.
I don’t understand this format. It’s really stupid.
Where is this?
Ants are a non-Newtonian fluid.
The sweater isn’t to keep the kitten warm. It’s to prevent her littermates from trying to suckle her nipples.
SDCC hasn’t been about comics for years. It jumped the shark when they had Twilight panels. It’s just “pop culture con” now.
I think there was a study that found they don’t actually work.
*men’s
No, we don’t.
Blame Trump and the republicans.
I’ve visited Paris twice, both around Christmas and New Years. It was still a gorgeous city and not overcrowded with tourists, nor was it a shithole.
Betteridge’s law.
Who the fuck would think AstroTurf is good taste? What’s wrong with you?
*its
*my boyfriend and me
Forget it. It’s clearly a Russian troll.
Gotta get that tattoo removed.
Because you talked about it over email.
That’s weird if you’re over 5.
He could still have kids that are genetically his with a surrogate.
Yeah I had a feeling this story wasn’t legit.
9/11 wasn’t carried out by Saudi Arabia. It was carried out by Al Qaeda. There is evidence that Saudi elites helped support Al Qaeda, but they weren’t state actors.
More like “you’ve invaded our territory, gtfo or die”
I thought nobody knew how jodai tokushu kanazukai are pronounced and that the umlauts are just there to distinguish that they’re pronounced differently rather than make them sound like German vowels.
[No, that’s really what it’s mostly used for around the country](http://archive.boston.com/bostonglobe/ideas/articles/2008/07/20/abducted/). Vast majority are child custody cases. Remember that AMA of the guy who said he was “kidnapped” for 20 years and didn’t know it?
The most gen z sentence ever. This is why Bluetooth headphones are shit.
Frequent repost.
Hey, they stole this idea from George Carlin!
Only developed country without universal healthcare.
Really frequent repost. Like one of the most reposted things on Reddit.
*buddy’s
But you don’t go to the store and pick out shows together. It’s not a family event like it used to be.
You did the right thing, especially if his brother agreed that he needed to be punched. Stop trying to rationalize his behavior. It’s called a just world fallacy for a reason. Sometimes people are dicks because they’re bad people. Not every bully has a sad traumatic backstory like in the movies. Bullies need those sad backstories in movies because they have to make a well-rounded character. Real people aren’t well-written well-rounded characters. He had it coming. I told on my bully and beat her up. Sometimes the school’s hands are tied legally on what they can actually do. Sometimes you have to take it into your own hands.
I heard they also eat beef in Goa.
Another reason why people insisting on “United Statesian” instead of “American” is stupid. Because by that logic, Mexicans should be called that.
*you’re
Herd immunity doesn’t exist anymore because of the spread of antivaxxers. There’s enough antivaxxers now that we can’t rely on herd immunity. There are hundreds of cases of measles all around the country. Whooping cough and diphtheria are making a comeback. It’s extremely important for EVERYONE to get their vaccinations, especially with how popular overseas travel is nowadays. That’s usually how patient zero gets it in these outbreaks.
So only white women’s opinions matter, got it.
It doesn’t exactly show up well in pictures. You have to feel for it.
That sounds like OCD combined with graphomania.
Agoraphobia.
Never heard of her. I forget whether the age limit is 13 or 14 for a YouTube channel. Her channel must be either run by her parents and she’s the new Prussian Blue or her channel must be demonetized. Just keep reporting every one of her videos for spreading hate and eventually she’ll get banned.
[Poles in the Wehrmacht](https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Poles_in_the_Wehrmacht). Once they were invaded, they were considered German citizens and therefore subject to the draft.
That attitude is because of antivaxxers who think they know more than doctors.
NK shitting on Japan? Yawn. What else is new?
This isn’t postpunk, wtf are you high on?
Not being stupid. It’s basically Japanese for “O-face.”
That’s comparative religion, not history. History is about things that did happen, not myth.
I thought that’s the Bernoulli effect.
You’ve reached a milestone towards your goal. That’s nothing to sniff at. Good job and keep it up!
White supremacists don’t like to call themselves Nazis anymore. Bad optics. They call themselves alt-right now. Much more palatable. Or they say “white nationalism is totally different than white supremacy.” It’s easier to label them all under the umbrella term “neo-Nazi”, because that’s what they are.
Bush did the same thing. Because how dare scientists want to learn how to treat disease in utero.
Steins;Gate winning is proof that moeshit is shit.
Not a meme.
He’s a smart guy and he has a ton of money, but he pays engineers to figure out how to make cars. He’s like Cave Johnson except (somewhat) sane.
This has been explained before along with other supposedly dumb stuff like solar powered flashlights. It really does apply to the majority of people who need wheelchairs. Most people in wheelchairs aren’t 100% paraplegic. Most of them just have weak legs. Pedals help strengthen their legs. It’s good physical therapy.
They do. Most schools offer business math. You just never signed up for it. They also assume that your parents would teach you this kind of stuff. Although I do agree that home ec should be required for everyone.
And they really don’t want to have to do that and just let you off with a warning or have you just sign the ticket and leave. Most of the time, they can convince people to just angrily sign the ticket. They really don’t want it to turn into an arrest.
Since when is Beastie Boys considered metal?
So edgy.
Secularized religion is an oxymoron.
He did. He said he wrote a letter to them.
Difference is we don’t have the Great Firewall. Also, we don’t go to jail for criticizing the government.
Wow, they actually stood up to the Ultra-orthodoxes. Good for them.
This better be a rescue or a zoo. Otters aren’t pets.
*Devil’s
That’s what always happened whenever our guppies or angelfish had babies. No matter how much we tried to separate them, they’d get eaten.
Watch your fucking mouth there!
I think neurodivergent is the word.
Hailstorms happen everywhere, buddy.
His pee smells that bad, eh?
Or you could just use a compass, like everyone else has for millennia.
Just find an off-brand one.
If they smell like piss, that means they’re sick with something like wet tail.
Repost.
It’s your pelvic floor muscles contracting. You relax them to pee but you contract them to fart.
Eels up inside ya
Xia, Shang, Zhou, Qin, Han. Huh. Op is correct. Assuming the Xia were real.
A full face helmet! Nice!
I sure hope this picture isn’t geotagged. Otherwise, the Chinese will come chop it down for lumber.
My parents’ dog hates everyone, so that’s obviously not true.
Playing cards.
Hopefully Toga will bring back the yandere trend.
*co-worker’s
Repost.
So derpy. /r/animalsbeingderp
*stranger’s
That’s called a parasomnia and you need to do a sleep study so you can get treatment.
*you’re
That’s a myth. They don’t want their kids to die. They truly believe that vaccines will kill or maim their kids. They don’t want their kids to die. The only way to fight their ignorance is to know where they’re coming from and debunk their misconceptions.
Typhus and tuberculosis aren’t medieval. They’ve been around in the 20th century.
Disabilities aren’t cute. Stop infantilizing the disabled.
The fact that you would need to put your pronouns on a nametag implies someone got offended at the Starbucks enough to warrant it.
Then I would put “your majesty” as my pronoun, and you’re not allowed to question it.
Bad habits carry over into the real world. If you want to look intelligent, learn to spell your own language.
That’s not what a Y chromosome looks like. It just looks like a small X chromosome. Also, shouldn’t it be XX in the picture for girls?
This is something you can google.
*cold’s
Wrong. San Marino was the first, since 301 AD.
Tell them to cancel. It’s not worth it.
/r/unnecessaryapostrophe
This factoid keeps making the rounds but it’s wrong. Mutualism is not “keeping a pet.”
Back it up onto the SD card and have a backup of that SD card. Problem solved. Edit: I have since been informed this isn’t possible. Fuck Nintendo.
Sounds like ferret dooking.
Yes. This isn’t “future memes”
That’s called bulimia.
Stop infantilizing the disabled.
I always comment on these stupid aww posts to stop infantilizing the disabled and always get shit for it. Thank you for saying this.
And Steve Buscemi was a firefighter on 9/11.
How have people not learned yet to stop going to the Dominican Republic? How did Jimmy Buffet not cancel a trip like this? Why hasn’t the State Department issued warnings?
History Channel hasn’t shown historical documentaries in years.
Battle of Derna ended May 13th.
Since when do black women sag their pants?
Well duh. NK is their buffer state.
They wouldn’t neutralize him, they’d neutralize you.
But how are they supposed to fix the problem if they make it harder to be good? Or are you suggesting getting rid of police altogether?
*would have
Too late!
That’s one dedicated dog.
This has to be a troll.
*a lot
Pretty sure admitting it and bragging about it are a lot more than “allegations.”
You’re not American, so why do you even care?
*man’s
Tripe is considered normal for soup in the Anglosphere. But North Americans find any organ meats that aren’t made into sausages gross.
They’re illegal immigrants. They’re breaking the law. It’s our government’s job to enforce the law.
They should have a PSA campaign where they discourage people to call 911.
But that means your dogs’ pee is alkaline.
Just say it in months ffs.
I’ve found it a good 40/60 Moors: White Sovcit. Not all sovcits are white supremacists either. There are hippie sovcits. Moors are just a flavor of sovcit.
Again, *I’m not British*. And if you think The Guardian or the Independent are tabloids, you need to learn the difference between op-ed columns and news articles. They’re not tabloids by American standards.
Reeeepost.
Repost.
Blame Russia.
Remember when posts were required to be directly game related?
That’s what polaroids were for.
That’s why it’s /r/mildlyinteresting
Still not as bad as Gripsholm Lion.
Fever in babies is always a bad sign. How could a nurse not know this?
Maybe he’s a Janus cat.
She’s giving you prey and teaching you how to hunt because she thinks you’re too stupid to feed yourself. She cares about you.
Stealing territory from Italy is always worth it!
That’s got me wondering: are nudist colonies allowed to have daycares? Are children allowed in nudist colonies?
20 year rule.
I guess it’s just too subtle for me. Try /r/shittycarmods
General Reposti!
History channel hasn’t been the Hitler channel for ten years.
*you’re
*player’s
Drugs don’t make you racist.
A person’s skeleton doesn’t affect their skin texture, you idiot. Edit: unless you have bone cancer or syphilis
*you’re
I used to feel the same way about chickenpox but it’s actually good to prevent chickenpox as well because then they don’t get shingles later in life. My dad went through it. It’s debilitating. If you haven’t had chicken pox as a kid, please get vaccinated for it! Also, chicken pox can put some people in the hospital.
Karma.
Disabilities aren’t adorable.
Oh I saw a celebrity wearing a diamond encrusted one of these years ago.
And Paraguay.
It’s kitsch.
Beanbag toss.
*Samoa.
How is that unethical? He still pays US taxes. If you're taxed, you deserve representation.
Repost. I remember when this was posted a year ago.
Well the whole point was that it was a parody of schoolhouse rock.
Masstagger is awesome.
Birds of paradise always have the most fun names.
*phase
Repost.
That’s the thing about Protestantism. Lutherans do the Eucharist, but they believe that it’s metaphorical and transubstantiation doesn’t happen. This was one of the major things that separated Protestantism from Catholicism. Hell, in Anglicanism, Queen Elizabeth (as the leader of the Anglican Church) made transubstantiation a heresy.
Uh oh, this is a good meme but don’t let the mods see the title. It’s a bit iffy.
Democratically *appointed* then.
And the rocket's red glare!
Bad bot.
The drones, duh.
Oh I have no problem with Orthodox Jews. It's the ultra-orthodox ones I don't like.
Sun Tzu said the same thing. The first rule of the Art of War is to avoid it at all costs and that diplomacy is best. You only use war if you absolutely have to.
Fun fact: the clean wehrmacht myth was started as West German propaganda because the West German government was run by former nazis. It's basically Germany's version of the Lost Cause.
Isn’t this a form of money laundering?
There’s really not that many rules. I can summarize it for you: Has to be ACTUAL HISTORY, 20 year rule, don’t be racist, no reposts, and no WWII on the weekends.
*dog’s
20 year rule.
Hey, at least this guy said he’s going to look it up. That’s showing willingness to learn.
*state’s
*you’re *Aztec’s
Not ironic.
I’d pitch it to Disney, make her able to talk (she’d be voiced by an Asian-American), but I’d require it to be 2D animated and about all the hijinks she got up to as well as saving lives. A woman of color (she was a Mongolian-thoroughbred cross) fighting for her adopted homeland, saving her platoon (true story) and being beloved as a hero by her comrades? It’d be printing money! It can end with her telling her grandfoals war stories at Camp Pendleton. I’m picturing Korean Mulan as a horse.
An Aztec’s is correct. An apostrophe shows possession.
I’ve never seen eunuch spelled so badly.
That’s called a tesseract. It’s a 4d cube.
All the MGS games are a conspiracy plot. The Patriots’ dialogue with Raiden about “creating context” is more relevant than ever. We thought it was just sci-fi, that that would never happen. We were wrong.
What was reconstructed?
Betteridge’s law.
The problem is a misdemeanor means it’s only as bad as speeding. So you’re giving someone a life changing disease (no, immunocompromised isn’t “just nothing”) and you get off with just a fine. And then there was that article about how STD rates are now going up thanks to that law.
That must have felt sooooo good to get out.
We need Teddy more than ever.
That’s nothing compared to [North Korean medals.](https://www.snopes.com/tachyon/2016/05/soldier-medals.jpg?resize=733,412).
Climate change isn’t metal.
Look up My Lai.
So what’s NYE like in Pyongyang? Do they drop a ball? What kind of food do you traditionally eat on NYE?
But their penises are spiky!
I know another couple who live in NE who have a dog named Furlough. He’s a Pom.
Remember that lady who was named queen of the nursing home or something and she said she used Reddit every day? She’d love this.
*kids’
Why are all rappers pieces of shit?
Breaking Bad was shot on film.
That’s a phreatic explosion, right?
The apostrophe tells us whether it’s a possessive or a plural.
His girlfriend is morbidly obese, that’s how.
The main character is in blackface.
Omg such a cute!
It’s technically *pre-sliced* bread that’s the best thing.
Looks more like a bird to me.
But Flintstones is Hanna Barbera. Didn’t know he was allowed to cross over like that.
Free babyfoot!
Dude, morphine is magic. I had that when I had meningitis. I was high as a kite.
You mean a giant corporation sends their funds to the Cayman Islands and isn’t paying their taxes? No way! Not like Starbucks, Apple, and every other Silicon Valley company has been doing that forever. How is this shocking?
Bad bot.
Folklore isn’t history. You want /r/anthropologymemes.
Eternal Sonata. Criminally underrated JRPG. It’s about Chopin having a fever dream (OR IS IT?) on his deathbed in a land of music. But there’s some political intrigue going on in this world as well! The music is great and between each boss you learn a bit about Chopin’s life. It’s super fun and I’ve only seen one other person who’s heard of this game. It’s for PS3. Oh, and it’s multiplayer! It’s reminiscent of a Tales game. It’s not well known so it’s cheap and plentiful online.
World of Goo gets hard in the later levels. I never managed to beat it but it was so much fun.
Not natural. They’re an invasive species.
The line between sugar baby and prostitute is paper thin.
[Nope.](https://www.healthsystemtracker.org/chart-collection/quality-u-s-healthcare-system-compare-countries/?_sf_s=quality#item-start)
It's not unfortunate. Because someone who's, say, crazy or not all there coming in saying their toe hurts when in reality they're diabetic and their foot is necrosing really does need healthcare and would die otherwise. All they can do is put them at the bottom of the list.
Is it? /u/RepostSleuthBot
Gloryhammer is the best! I unironically love them.
Because that worked so well the last time we did it.
Couldn’t even wait 24 hours to repost?
*son’s
Yes. I’ve found that the calls have decreased now that I don’t answer every single one.
I thought VOA didn’t use idioms.
Shibes are very tsundere and stubborn. They’re more cat-like, very willful. Takes a lot to train them.
It’s a filter feeder.
A cure for cancer would make any pharma company who discovered it rich. They’d charge $10k a pill. Case in point: Sovaldi cures hepatitis C. A treatment costs $100k. We already have a cure for cervical cancer, the HPV vaccine. This stupid idea that people are “hiding” the cure for cancer needs to die and shows complete ignorance of how cancer works. Here’s the thing: drug companies like it when people stay alive. If you stay alive, you live long enough to buy more pills. Because once you get old enough, you will need heart medications. They make the most money on antidepressants, boner pills, and heart medications. They can’t make much money from cancer patients because they don’t take drugs for long enough, usually only a year or two. This is also why the antivax conspiracy theory that drug companies just want money is also stupid. One shot per year isn’t profitable. A better conspiracy would be that Pharma is suppressing a cure for obesity or heart attacks and stroke.
So are paramedics less busy or more busy than lowly EMTs? Also, you retconned the curly haired guy! He’s supposed to be a white cloud who never gets calls!
But it does hurt to cut them off if they’re not ready.
That’s not colonization. Did Lithuania colonize Poland?
I thought chinchillas have the thickest fur.
I read about that before. I think it’s called dystrophic calcification. Unless it was a granuloma. I love morphine, although I haven’t had it since I was in middle school. So why do you hate it? Are you allergic?
He says he doesn’t empty them completely so as not to damage the skin.
True. Look at those arms. Those triceps aren’t natural.
Considering it’s illegal in the US (except california) to intentionally give someone HIV and not tell them your status, how is something like this not illegal in Malawi? Edit: He apparently has been arrested. &gt; President Peter Mutharika ordered Aniva’s arrest a few days after his story came out on the BBC. They also set the age of consent to 18 and criminalized child marriage so the guy could be punished to the fullest extent. But this was years ago and I doubt there’s been any updates on his conviction.
*grandpa’s
Above is not in. Those are residential apartments above butchers. Nobody lives in meatpacking plants.
*Hitler’s
I’m glad he’s an epidemiologist, but I don’t think we need to worry about it contaminating shipped products yet.
Yaranaika.
I can understand leaving them up until Epiphany, but it’s almost February! Epiphany was weeks ago!
The irony being tattoos are forbidden in judaism.
Britain still uses the imperial system. They still fucking use stones. They also use miles and pints but pay for gas in liters.
LSD, yes. Shrooms, yes. Everything else, no.
Vaslav Nijinsky. Because the greatest dancer in history must be able to teach me how to dance.
Those got passed the mods. You’re supposed to report those.
Even has a butthole!
*would HAVE
Those eyes!
The place, not the person.
It’s just who, you don’t need a whom.
Did he have a fever coat?
Hey, sorry I took so long. I'll DM you shortly once I've gotten through the others.
I actually can't find the shell stool DIY. I might have given it to someone already, so I removed it from the list. Is there anything else you want instead? I have shell bed.
My family are lifelong democrats and have always voted Democrat for everything. You’re saying me and my elderly parents deserve to die just so you can riot?
[CLOSED] Big Top is making **shell fountain**, not sure for how much longer. Tips appreciated but not required. Bells or watering my flowers would be nice. Please don't run through my flowers. Will be taking only one or two at a time so as not to cause traffic. [My RMM](https://www.reddit.com/r/RateMyMayor/comments/fwqq8c/buttsexeurope/)
It’s Sea Man!
Harry Potter was written over 20 years ago. Does that make it History?
So Hogwarts is real?
I'm interested. Is there a meteor shower?
Gold armor shoes for the yellow leaf pile?
I don’t like how the charges have been increased. It means it’ll be less likely to stick. They tried to pin George Zimmerman with second degree murder and it didn’t stick. Third degree murder would have been more likely to get Chauvin behind bars. I’ll be more shocked if he’s convicted of this than if he gets off scot free.
I’ve never intentionally sought out something that would kill me after being warned many times and having many chances to turn back without proper safety precautions, no.
*Aral
Finally, some good news.
You’d think that if you only looked in the far past, but we’re a developed country and it’s post-WWII. National politics works differently now. Clearly you didn’t read past the first two sentences.
Yersinia pestis is just a gram negative bacteria. It’s not resistant and dies to the cheapest antibiotics. A basic understanding of germ theory and hygiene prevents outbreaks from spreading far. No ventilators needed. Bubonic plague is never transmitted person to person (pneumonic and septicemic are, but 80% of cases are bubonic). There was an outbreak of pneumonic plague in LA in the 20s. 30 people died. That’s it. Plague is still here and we get a couple cases a year, almost always in the Southwest. It’s mostly carried by prairie dogs and squirrels. The other reason an outbreak isn’t likely is that epizootics (animal epidemics) occur with cool summers. We haven’t had a cool summer in over ten years and we likely never will again because of global warming. Tl;dr: The plague isn’t coming back. Don’t be daft.
That’s not a shiny. That’s what blue footed boobies normally look like.
Oh I didn't mean you, I meant the stickied post.
He completely ignored lynching in the south and said a lot of very not so nice things about black people. As for his antisemitism, anything I link about it will be removed as political, so just know that he refused to let in Jewish refugees from Europe and called them "criminals."
Why the fuck do Europeans insist on saying “US of A” instead of USA?
It’s just a dialect of Korean, dude.
People still fall for the Nigerian price scam.
*border
Do my homework and study.
In other words, 71% of young adults and teens are obese, addicts, or covered in tattoos.
[Why not both?](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/California_Genocide)
And Steve Buscemi was a firefighter on 9/11.
All I see is mosquito central.
&gt;unique twist Goth/moody Alice in Wonderland has been a thing since the 80s. Not so unique.
I hate you.
Pre-Colombian California was the most diverse part of North America. Wtf are you on about?
Rule 5 AND Rule 12 violations. Nice.
Stupid people think they're smart and smart people think they're stupid.
PragerU graduates are like that.
That they had all the time in the world so west made cities while the Indians made peyote and canoes.
Probably wanted a serious tag.
Great! If you've got a gold watering can, I have some black roses.
DM'd
It was banned over a year ago.
I'll give you 15 NMT for the real ancient statue.
Singing Elvis songs. Not even joking.
That’s not protesting. That’s rioting.
Whaaat? Australian microwaves don’t just stop automatically when you open the door? [Also, this is why microwaves, wireless phones, and wifi is banned near the Green Bank Telescope](https://youtu.be/eQEGPATQe5s).
It’s that time of year again. Yawn.
The same thing that happens if you flew over restricted airspace anywhere else. You’d be shot down for invading national airspace without permission. You’d be lucky if you only got buzzed by jets. Don’t do this. Don’t even joke about doing this. Commercial jets have been shot down for doing this.
STS does seem like the perfect game for the blind to play. It’s completely turn-based, no timing requires, and it’s a card game.
They didn’t use diplomacy. Their method of “ignore them and they’ll go away, they’re full of hot air” worked. So you can’t compare the two. Trumptards gonna tard. Nice whataboutism.
Not a chemical reaction.
They saw what happened to Qaddafi and that *terrified* the Kims. Before that, they saw what happened to Ceausescu and that made them resistant to reforms. KJU doesn’t want to get a knife up his ass. However, they have said that they’d consider denuclearization under one condition: the US leaves SK. Yet that would be geopolitical suicide for the US. SK is how we protect Japan. They know we won’t give up our Korean bases, so they keep using it as the thing to bring them to the table. They want to use the nukes as a bargaining chip.
I highly doubt he did. He fucked his cousin. Edit: I read the article and that’s some specious reasoning. Hypospadias doesn’t guarantee a micropenis. It often coincides, but most of the time doesn’t. Most guys with hypospadias have the peehole just a bit lower than the tip, at the top of the shaft under the glans ([like this](https://images.app.goo.gl/kypqw4rzAVPXcGVEA)). Only the most extreme cases cause micropenis and an opening at the base. At that point, it goes into pseudohermaphroditism, and Hitler definitely wasn’t that. He was already a terrible person, there’s no need to attack his masculinity as well.
Why the fuck is London protesting? This isn’t an issue that affects you. You have good police.
The police weren’t a thing until the industrial revolution in cities. There were thieftakers, the cri de Haro, and a posse comitatus. It was even more corrupt than the police, if you can believe that. That’s what a police-free society looks like.
That was the Ptolemies. Even the Habsburgs avoided sibling marriage. They preferred cousin and uncle-niece marriage.
Not only a repost but also a WWII meme on the weekend.
“Release him back into the wild?” That sounds fake as hell.
Pretty sure this is intentional.
I do agree about polygraphs being done away with because studies have consistently shown that they're not useful. But splitting up these functions into different entities would mean that later that these functions would be more likely to be consolidated by politicians to be more efficient and save money (see: Department of Homeland Security), so then we're back at square one. I do agree that some things the cops shouldn't be delegated to solve, like mental health. Cops have been delegated the task of dealing with mental illness ever since state asylums were shut down by the Reagan administration. Cops should also not be the ones dealing with drug issues. They shouldn't be called for an overdose. As for your idea about investigators, I feel like there must be some way to put you on a certain track when in police academy (which should be longer and more involved). When you're in med school, you can choose whether to become a surgeon or a physician. In the military, you take an exam and are placed in a role based on your abilities. So why not have tracks for investigator, beat cops, CSI, etc.?
Yeah, glanular and subcoronal is what I was thinking of. That's how I've mostly seen it. Honestly, I've never even seen a picture of anything lower than subcoronal.
So what the hell are those, anyway?
By that logic, French people are Latino.
No, Brazil isn’t Latin America. Latin America is the parts of the new world that speak Spanish. Brazil speaks Portuguese. Brazil, French Guiana, Belize, and Suriname are not Latin America because they don’t speak Spanish.
Hair of the dog.
I’ve heard this is a way to hypnotize chickens.
*losing
Is this an actual case of estoppel?
Ah yeah, penisbird. That takes me back.
I miss stileproject, but I understand why Stile abandoned it. Every new site that tries to imitate it has just been invaded by Stormfront redpill rejects. It used to be more pure. This was back in the days of fratire, before the manosphere. I can’t in good conscience support Bestgore for how racist and antisemitic they are. Efukt used to be great, but it’s rarely updated and the founder has also abandoned it, so now it’s user generated and everyone’s trying to out-edge the last guy. Spacedicks and enoughinternet were the last places that truly carried the torch of shock sites, but they got banned.
20 year rule.
I'll bring you fishbait.
AP style guide says to never mention race of people involved unless it’s relevant. That’s why their race wasn’t mentioned.
That’s demonstrably false, considering the majority of conservatives not only support Trump but have high approval ratings for him. Edit: [85% for conservatives, a drop of 7 points. That's it.](https://news.gallup.com/poll/312572/trump-job-approval-slides.aspx)
/r/wildlypenis
Milo is always an adorable name for dogs.
[You're being deliberately obtuse.](https://www.npr.org/2020/05/29/864818368/the-history-behind-when-the-looting-starts-the-shooting-starts)
Thanks for the trade! [Here's my RMM](https://www.reddit.com/r/RateMyMayor/comments/fwqq8c/buttsexeurope/)
Last review I got which would have given me pink forgot to include the link :/ I'll try your method.
5 weeks seems way too young to separate from the mother.
Bronze Age Collapse didn’t happen on every inhabited continent.
This sounds way more complicated and above LA’s pay grade. This guy needs to lawyer up.
Because it’s not a religious holiday. Black isn’t a religion.
Horns meet butt in 3...2...1...
I’ve never heard of anyone arguing for the Milgram experiment to be considered performance art. Rhythm 0 was absolutely performance art because it had a title and was done by an artist.
Then just the TVs and rings. I just got ahold of Antonio and Hugh's posters, if that bumps up the numbers.
4/20 is also Hitler's birthday. The birthday problem strikes again.
I thought they remove the ovaries, not the uterus.
This was going back at least 25 years, so it’s not recent. One thing we do in my county, not sure if it’s statewide, that’s different from most is we get Jewish high holy days off. So Rosh Hashanah and Yom Kippur are holidays for everyone. Just in the last year or two, they also added Eid.
Even if you have dual citizenship, crossing the border back and forth on foot is illegal. You have to go through customs every time. He's not.
We're pretty well-represented in my county, so it was more like about "1/4-1/2 the student body wouldn't show up, so just give everyone the day off." And it's not like we don't care about Christmas. Maybe it's just because we're assimilated or just the American commercialization of it, but we love Christmastime. I even got to sit on Santa's lap as a kid. So it never bothered me. Besides, Yom Kippur is a boring holiday for a kid. The only good thing about it is getting the day off from school.
I hate how flapper girls made wearing pretty dresses like that go away. I wish I could wear a dress like that IRL.
Produce is not nature.
Yes. Go watch it right now.
The dude spoke on and on about his love for tall soldiers. “They’re my weakness.” Dude had the big gay.
Considering covid, how are people supposed to find shelter when a hurricane approaches?
That's multiple acquaintances. The apostrophe shows possession. Looks like OP edited the post.
Where the hell do you live where people don’t eat steak?
Agreed. If I wanted to scratch up my palate, I’d eat pineapples.
I’ve only seen pictures and their website. I had a chance to go but refused to support that shit. Plus, I didn’t want to ruin my vacation by running into a bunch of uyoku yelling HOWAITO PIGGU GO HOMU and having to explain all this to my parents. Unit 731 isn’t a pleasant conversation to have with people with weak stomachs.
Gotta bring up international law instead.
Do you think what I offered is enough for the mom's apron, tissue box, and knapsack?
I can also let you catalogue the red billiard table, green basketball hoop, yellow cassette player, green champion's pennant, red diner apron, dark brown low screen, light brown rattan waste bin, blue wall-mounted tv 20 in, cash aluminum briefcase, and red wall-mounted tv 50 in. EDIT: Just realized all this together might not fit in my pockets, so we might have to decide which stuff I bring.
Interested in your dojo wall and western vista. Would you like my blue magic kit and white message mat?
I have the Zen-Style Stone DIY.
I thought sharks were supposed to be afraid of dolphins.
*off
Hentai had existed for centuries before as shunga. Ahistorical.
That kinda looks like he wants to come in.
*store's Yeah, ours figured out the latch too and would bite down on it to open it.
History: 1. the study of past events, particularly in human affairs. 2. a continuous, typically chronological, record of important or public events or of a particular trend or institution Keywords: important and human. If it doesn't directly involve Homo sapiens, it's either biology or geology. You're interpreting the 20 year rule too narrowly. It doesn't mean that anything older than 20 years old is history and it's not saying anything less than 20 years old isn't. The 2008 presidential election is history because it was when America elected the first black president. But historians are reluctant to commentate or apply the historic method to events less than 20 years ago because they're still ongoing, so things can change quickly. If you're wondering why this rule exists, look up the book "Yen: Japan's New Financial Empire and its Threat to America." Not 2 years after this book was written, Japan went into recession. Now people are saying the exact same things about China that we were saying about Japan.
Pretty sure there was no dinosaurs institution and they weren't a public event.
You should check the Daily PSA thread.
It's stickied at the top of the sub page.
That sounds good. Let's see the list.
Sorry for the wait. Are you still interested in the key holder diy?
Ah yes, the typical “if only white people were in charge, then Mugabe wouldn’t have happened.”
Voting = democracy. You’re moving the goalposts again. I have to use /r/askhistorians as a source because literally any other source I give would be banned as “political.” So I figured an actual historian of modern African history (with sources) would be good enough for you, but it apparently isn’t. Somehow The 1947 Native Urban Areas Accommodation Act which was Rhodesian Jim Crow doesn’t somehow count as “institutionalized racism.” [You’re falling for racist propaganda and romanticizing apartheid](https://www.reddit.com/r/AskHistorians/comments/7ez6dz/comment/dq94ta9?context=1).
From what I read from the leak, the story absolutely sucks. That’s why. A game that is entirely story based with a bad story makes it a 1/10. Doesn’t matter about the graphics or music if the focus is on the narrative.
Big Top said “in my ass” for the longest time. Made for some hilarious conversations. “Go get yourself a snack in my ass.” Now he says “muthafucka.”
I felt really ashamed at first until she slapped me and said: *you should have used a serious tag.*
Open menstruation should not be a thing. Nobody knows why we menstruate.
Oh is that where it is? I always thought that was in the Canary Islands or Azores.
Downvote for not social distancing.
Good bot
Yawn. Just like they always do.
No, this is what they do every year. NK has been doing this routine for decades. Oh yeah, we’re totally going to rain fire on Seoul. Yup. Totally not bluffing. Okay, we were bluffing this time. But next time we won’t! Next year: WE WILL LIBERATE SOUTH KOREA FROM THE TREACHEROUS USA. Oh look at that, we changed our minds. See how benevolent we are? It’s the same song and dance *every year.* This is nothing new. You’re really making it obvious that you either just joined or are raiding with all the other Trumpists.
Oh, Discovery shows nature documentaries again?
In German, girl is neuter.
So much honey.
You reap what you sow. At least they’ve got all those nice respirators Trump gave them because cronyism.
That’s because you live in a small town. I live in a hotspot.
Which you absolutely deserve. Wear your fucking mask like an adult.
It’s not bootlicking to point out the hypocrisy of trying to boycott tencent while you’re using a tencent product, and that even if you don’t spend any money on it, your information is being sold and they still profit off you using the site. Basically, if you really want to stick it to tencent, you’d delete your Reddit account.
Dude, I fucking hate PRC. I hate their government and hate their tourists. But you have to be consistent if you're going to boycott tencent. A boycott means you don't support them monetarily *at all.*
Trump losing or resigning.
&gt;as a non-American If you don’t get it, you don’t get it. So butt out.
Do you know why they have a homeless problem? Because other states gave their homeless a one-way bus ticket to California, Washington, and Oregon to get rid of them. They’re still doing that today.
Shouldn’t HAVE
No, the Russian military is actually horrible. Look up Dedovshchina. There’s a reason if you’re rich enough you just pay your way out of conscription.
I loved pickled plums! They’re the best!
Who’s shouting? [You do realize that Loose Change was based on fiction, right?](https://www.cracked.com/article_15740_was-911-inside-job.html)
Yeah? What does that have to do with anything? Are you saying that conspiracy theories are a religion?
Is this Holofernes?
Can’t you get a government grant if you’re a new farmer as well?
Wait, how do even get a spare gold tool recipe? I thought you only get one.
Yup. You gotta catch them. Get that fishing bait and stick by the ponds. Look for very tiny shadows. They're somewhat easy to catch.
Wow, it’s almost like American schools teach history relevant to us! And Australian history isn’t relevant to us!
I feel personally attacked.
Actually, the Mountain Dew flavor that won was a majority of some variation of “Gushing Granny” and a plurality of “Hitler did nothing wrong.” No, I’m not joking. “Hitler did nothing wrong” was the #1 pick.
Because GallowBoob ruins every sub he touches.
I can give you 6 blue pansies. [Here's my wishlist](https://villagerdb.com/user/buttsexeurope/list/wishlist). If you don't have any of that, I'll take 2 NMT.
I've already got the Sanrio posters, so there's no need to worry about that. I've already got Blanche, Booker, Cherry, Chip, Cyrus, Don, Drift, Filbert, Goldie, Jack, Julian, Kapp'n, Kicks, Kiki, Kyle, Reese, Shrunk, Vesta, Winnie, and Zucker. So that's only 128 to catalog. Is 8 NMT fair? I could also trade some posters you don't have.
I’m pretty sure you have to produce your driver’s license when asked during a traffic stop.
That’s not ironic.
This would be lawyersplaining, not copsplaining. I’m not a cop. Fuck the cops who say what happened to George Floyd was okay, but this isn’t nearly comparable. As far as I can see, the cop isn’t treating him like a terrorist and is just standing there.
That kinda sounds awful, ngl.
This has been reposted so much it might as well be the official angle.
She needs to call the police. Or make sure to at least film what’s happening so it can go viral and those people have their lives ruined.
Yes, yes it is.
Sounds hot. My ceramics professor was an average-looking guy but had really nice forearms. It was hot.
Sure! I only have the purple veil. Do you think it's worth 4 DIYs?
They “stilled?”
The sticky says “consensual non-consent.” That’s fantasy.
Like a boss.
