Did they finally buff the battle axe to be better dps then the sword?
Learn how to take a screenshot you fucking neanderthal, it's 2018.
Probably be fine, but i think they consider rebinding keys to be bad l, not sure tho since they intentionally keep things vague so people don't push it.
Look up each monster, they have defense stats like players do such as crush slash etc. So if a monsters crush def is 50 less then their slash def, it is worth using a less accurate crush weapon as long as the difference is under 50. So in this scenario bludgeon would be better then whip.
I will train multiple accounts and buy a bond for each of them to vote no on this.
Did u see the range shields melee def? Pure garbage it was like 20.
Shared until 99 str with whip then attack then def.
There's no way theyd give it over 100 rng def
Can we please stop locking every fucking update behind a diary? They are worth doing and have good rewards already.
Maybe they could stop doubling the health of monsters based on how woox does it? Imagine if they had doubled corps hp when he solod corp with flowers.
Hotfixed now thanks to retards like you who can't keep a good thing quiet.
When he does that big attack, run behind a pillar. Apparently dharoks works well against him too.
What teleport takes u there?
I have done all of the hard ones and some of the elites. Its still a stupid concept.
Tbh though someone with access to this guild probably has better money making methods then green dragons.
How do u kill it without dwh?
I've killed a few hundred and have already gotten a visage but no dragon cbow or other uniques.
No, nomad could be beaten pretty easily with bad gear and you only had to beat him once. The new boss many people are struggling to get a single kill with bis gear and on task. Nomad was 10x easier because of summoning and all of the pre eoc stuff.
Not even close.
Afk ranging skeletal wyverns.
Storm of armadyl was faster and had less risk. Dunno why you guys are going crazy over this hitting like 3 damage higher then flames of zammy.
If only it were threaded.
I could see that, but the spell still requires like 90 something magic to use right?
Yeah when old school runescape started, everyone was on tutorial island nothing carried over from rs3.
Melee is viable, just tried it. You take a lot less damage but kills are maybe 20 percent slower.
Dear fucking god not everything needs to be a diary reward.
This kind of loses its punch when phats are 4k now :(
They said in a stream its definitely something they want to do but at the moment rs mobile is their priority so if it does come out it will have to be after that. And mobile doesn't have a solid release, probably a few months out.
This is actually a wonderful idea. Itd make the one weapon in the game thats supposed to be good at dragons, good at the best dragon in the game. Also i think it should be like a 25 percent damage buff just so it is on par with the blowpipe but only against dragons.
Its because they have no use. Look at death runes, those are used by damn near every decent combat spell past lvl 40 and used on multiple spellbooks, used for trident etc.
Gives me hope, im at least 116 kc, hope they buff the drops soon. Literally shittier drops then rune drags and 3x the health.
Safest way is probably dropping it in a poh with both accounts in it and locking the portal so nobody can interfere.
Nope this isn't rs3.
Game is not designed with ironmen in mind. I know thats a dick thing to say but its the truth.
That's just you being a gullible retard.
N O P E
My brother accidentally brough his 26m cash stack with him to lava dragons. Lets just say he made some pker's day.
You probably are taking damage from the range attacks or something. If you have antifire potion+prot magic I'm pretty sure its max is around 12 with fire. Have 120+ kc there and have never needed to use a super antifire.
Use blessed d hide instead of karils, has more range def, prayer and doesn't degrade. You don't need to waste cash on rune darts if you can't afford a hasta. Kills should be doable, but I would tele out and try again if your bgs doesn't hit at least a 40 combined.
Nope I'll create and train up extra accounts just to vote no to all of this. There's already a game with this in it, we don't need the overpowered bullshit that ruined the last one infecting our game.
Great for saving money on anti venom as the boss drops are lacking atm.
How do you retards keep falling for this shit? Don't drop your items. You're just enabling them by being stupid as fuck and feeding them your bank.
Kc 120. It is NOT afk. Just because the special attacks are in order does not make it afk. Try afking for 60 seconds there please and show me the results.
Yeah so lets add more broken shit, that'll make the game better right? No, fuck off. Not everyone wants this game to make the same mistakes. NO summoning, NO dungeoneering and NO fucking nex armors ffs.
The power creep eventually did, although it wasn't much of a creep in rs3. More like a landslide.
Ancestral is basically magic's gwd armor since they didn't get any. We are already at the point where players are so powerful you can get killed from 99hp in a tick. Don't need more bis stuff to make that even worse.
Zerker ring&gt;treasonous You could probably bring a cannon but theyre a bit tedious. Only other thing I can think of is a fighter hat may be better then neitz but I don't have one to test, I'll probably throw it in the dps calc tomorrow. Also infernal&gt;ardy cloak 4&gt;fire cape&gt;ardy cloak 3
No, because its so fast to bank. Kills are slow enough as is, need to prioritize damage per second.
Probably gonna end up being around 1m or a bit less, because its just slightly better then a rune crossbow. Also rune drags are camped for their good drops so these will come into the game a lot.
It'll probably be one of the more common crossbows to see since most players dont have the bankroll to get a dhcb or acb.
Riley Reid for those wondering.
I think the stats of the dragonfire ward need to be buffed. It's literally negative melee defense until you charge it and then it only goes to +20. For comparison the melee dfs is +70. It is pretty much shittier then the twisted buckler. I always imagined the buckler being more a dps item, and the range dfs being a tank item.
You are the one that wants to change the game, and had no reasons for the proposed changes. The response I gave required no effort, matching the effort of this post. no
you dont need bis stuff to train with 30 range. just wear the highest tier of leather/d'hide you can every 10 levels.
&gt; tens of hours You made the counter argument for us.
It's faster in rs3, as are all skills. Some are 10x faster, others only 2x but there is not a single skill that is slower.
Difference being that you do actually have to train prayer, while agility in rs3 is a 0 time skill, you can level it up while doing other skills. Every skill in rs3 is faster then osrs dude. Rs3 has pretty much every training method osrs does plus other stuff.
They are in no way easier then mithril dragons, like at all.
Does this change at all using void melee?
What is exilent?
No.
Doesn't really need a nerf, its 2m an hour after supply costs. Actually slightly less then zulrah.
^ guy who has not killed vorkath^ If you did, you would know it was already nerfed back to around 2m an hour, a tad worse then current zulrah with higher requirements.
Try running osbuddy from a usb drive. Could try to find out what the admin password is to install java. Or find some other work related excuse to install java and have someone install it for you.
Have you tried any other clients?
Sounds like they blocked you from loading anything from runescapes website. Best bet is to take the IT guy out for coffee and ask him real nicely to unblock it. Or wait for mobile to come out.
Most efficient guides to 99 slayer advise you to nmz your stats to base 80s or 90s before you start.
All of the drops are crashing in value, vork is like 2m per hour after supplies it doesn't need to be nerfed it already has been. I swear to fucking god you people won't stop until everything in the game is dead content.
It's already slightly worse than zulrah and if you fuck up you pay 100k per death. Not to mention its locked behind a grandmaster quest with many more requirements than zulrah to kill. It is balanced.
I'm not the guy complaining.
Used to be worth leeching torsos when they were like 5m. Now these retards think they are worth 20m for a shittier bcp. Stay far away from those retards who keep upping their prices.
I'll vote no on every account I have to all of those broken garbage "updates".
Its actually a cock ring.
Holy shit man nice.
Elite void is better and bgs is slightly better. Also might as well wear a blessing.
I think kandarin head lamp works for this as well.
The people that fall for this must need help remembering to breathe, dear fucking god its not hard. Just don't put your username and password onto sketchy websites.
Its still a free 3m at the moment.
If you get scammed you deserve it tbh.
I think its just inventory but not sure
What you're looking for, it does not exist.
Mage attacks don't hit you as far as I can tell.
Nobody is starving to death in winter on runescape. Theyre just lazy as fuck and want everything handed to them. Have never gave money to a beggar and never will.
Nieves cave is trash after they nerfed it.
Catacombs mostly, but when i cannon I switch it up.
Quit whining. Green dragon pkers are there to remind you that you're in the fucking wilderness. You can go anywhere else and not worry about pkers, why go in the one place in the entire fucking game that pkers can go to and then whine when they are there? They go there to feast on noobs such as yourself. They make more money an hour then you do because they don't have to kill any dragons; just the retards who go in the wilderness and aren't prepared.
They're killing people like you at green dragons, what else is there to elaborate on?
Fuck no you chose to limit yourself. You choosing to have 1 def is no different from me choosing to have 1 runecrafting.
Most green drag pkers i meet just use it as a moneymaking method. They will get a looting bag, usually use cheap gear because green drag killers are easy prey and just bank the expensive drops and any bones and hides. Doing this they can easily double the hides and bones a normal account coukd get (other then post diary). Most stay in single combat so they aren't gonna get piled. The thing that kills them most is tb+barrage duo teams. Clans are usually more worried about trying to spear/mace people out of their +1s, so they mostly stick to multi. Yes pkers die, but usually to other pkers and most of the time they risk under 200-300k.
It is more dependant on luck then killing dragons is. With dragons you know you can kill and bank a certain amount per hour. However pking you don't have that luxury. You might kill 3-4 people who just started their trips and had 3 bones or you kill some people who risked items and got an extra 300k from that kill. It really depends. Usually clear at least 600k an hour though, which is a bit more then a standard green dragon killer. Like i said though, if you get lucky you can catch people skulled with whips, etc.
Barrows is pretty much always profitable unless you do some retard shit like use dragon darts.
I mean either is going to do a fine job. But to say dwh is better then bgs at vorkath is just factually incorrect. It isn't by a huge margin or anything, but it is there.
Yeah i just picked one up for 66m, don't think I'll sell it. It's too useful to not have one.
If only stealthgear would stop raising their already high prices. I'm not paying $130+tax and shipping for a damn holster.
Jaden?
If you get lured you 100 percent deserve it. Don't drop your items like a retard and you won't lose them, who knew?
Dude we members, the people that actually pay to play, don't get super fast updates either. I'd much rather they spend time on the members side of things instead of a trial version of the game.
The whole point is to survive the caves. If u die, u didn't survive.
What are these, like a mil now?
Yes the whole point of dwh is accuracy, u want to max ur accuracy with dwh and then switch to range.
Mostly because jagex keeps trying to push pvmers into the wildy and everyone I encounter there are dicks for no reason. I get killing people but all the shit talking is why.
Don't see how this beats nmz in any way tho.
Training on controlled past 90 str is the most efficient way to get all 3. Most people won't do it because it's a pain in the ass but it is the fastest way.
Nah because this then limits their options for balancing new content if every maxed main is immune to all this shit.
No. I'm fine with a reward from raids being better then a crossbow dropped by afk dragons. Look at the twisted buckler, it is better then dragonfire ward. The dhcb is fine and it's only a few attack more then dragon crossbow anyways. Jagex is not known for being able to nerf/buff things properly.
No it's just the same inflated numbers as usual. All the fucking retards on reddit who can't even kill the monster keep hyping it up. Some dude told me zulrah was 5m an hour. They just make shit up when the actual amounts aren't even close, especially after supply costs.
40 slayer?
It's easy to think everyone on here is maxed and take their opinion as fact but that's just not true. There are plenty of people on here with 1200 total level that think they know how high level bossing should be balanced.
Just dropped a tactical nuke on his ass holy shit lmao.
Agreed but the answer isn't to try and create more and more fragmented userbases by creating all of these extra games by catering to whatever arbitrary timeframe people want. How likely are we to get another mod team to manage a 2011 version of rs when even the highly popular 2007 servers can barely hire enough staff to make regular updates. They're doing a damn fine job considering what they have to work with, but it's still a skeleton crew for old school.
Yes, but soloing bandos is stupid. At least duo and youll get way more kills per hour.
I hear exilent client has one, never used it myself.
Voting yes because dragon hunter crossbow should be bis for hunting dragons.
Yeah pretty much what you said in your 2nd paragraph. I don't mind pking and it is a vital part of the game but I can't stand the people that do it most of the time. If d spear/mace wasn't a thing I'd have no problem with jagex pushing people into the wildy. But when I have to go there to do a slayer task and get maced out of a veracs piece because of glitchy mechanics, that's why I get mad. The clans talking shit killing a pvmer 20v1 is annoying. I like pking but I don't know how to remove the toxic element.
Black demons should be cannoned if possible.
Nope, whip is more dps then bludgeon on most monsters. Unless the monster you're training on gives you more dps then a whip by having crush weakness this is not true.
No, btw.
Fuck no this is the most retarded shit ever.
Not really impressive imo because he has essentially no risk. Most people, if they go to arena and lose their bank that's it. That's the risk they take to potentially make a lot of money. Sparc mac has been cleaned multiple times and people just give him so much gp. He has no risk. So it isn't really impressive that someone who has no chances of being cleaned ever has won at the duel arena.
Its not a huge amount, but it is still very slightly better. Not that it matters, as most people just train str first and then whip attack and defense up.
No it isnt, as someone here mentioned earlier it is abusing a bug in the grand exchange once you hit the buy limit of an item by being able to buy and sell your own items. People are using this to manipulate the actual grand exchange, not just osbuddy.
How does leeching a raid work? Sorry don't know much about raids.
I agree they're doing a great job these days. Lets hope rs3s failure doesn't impact osrs with mtx.
Prayer gear not good enough pvp gear too good. Really like the graphics, good work.
No i mean like how do u get a chance at items with no points?
Void better dps if u drain def. If u don't, arma. Void is also better for going for fastest kill times.
Oh ok
Ancient mace
Leave while ur up, otherwise you'll be sucking dicks for 100k.
Fuuuuuuck no get this rs3 bullshit outta here
Kill blue drags at myths guild
Taking +1s from people just gets me rock hard.
If i had another 50m I'd probably just put it into prayer since I've already got most of the pvm gear i need.
Didn't cover your run energy, hacked.
Find out how u got hacked before u rebuild or they'll just take ur shit again.
Nah they just need to have a 1 percent chance of ur account getting perm banned for staking there. Would be a great gp sink.
If you think that's crazy, you shoukd watch btcs.
It's their way of fucking over bots. If raw materials are low priced, bots make less money and legit players make more money.
It feels really shitty i know what you mean. I've grinded my ass off pvming for a 550m bank but just to get a twisted bow it will take a huge amount of hours. Even if i just camped vorkath thats like 120+ hours and id still have to sell my entire bank just to get a single weapon.
It does affect everyone. Other people put actual effort in to achieve things in the game. You getting those things for free devalues the achievements of others. Good news is thst you'll be banned eventually and they won't unban you.
Account security is up to you. Isn't jagexs fault you got a virus looking at tranny porn.
You can tell this is console.
Because then you'd see they only have like 8 weapons maybe per class, if that. Even with dlc.
Agreed but game isn't balanced around ironmen nor should it be.
Transgenderism is a mental illness.
I kinda started off disliking you but the more of your stuff I watch the more I like your shit. Keep up the good work.
Be careful with this shit ive misclicked and teled to house during a kill a few times.
Looking at the way this bank is set up I can guarantee you didn't earn a single mil of that yourself.
There are none.
Rs3 is pure filth. It is nothing more than a bloated carcass of a once successful game. It has been replaced and here we see the death rattle of one of it's least intelligent remaining players.
The day summoning or dungeoneering is released into old school, it is dead.
no
It gets me harder than a diamond.
Imagine being this stupid in 2018. How the actual fuck do people this stupid ever acquire wealth?
Only for 12 seconds instead of 60 seconds as it was previously.
Hero pvm is good but you need rigor/augury, 100m in pvm gear, void/fire cape/d defender/b gloves.
Yes but also reduce drain rate in general the higher your agility level is.
Theres a question on the poll right now that is not even close to passing.
The idea is to give you a bit better run performance for tasks where you don't stop much, like blast furnace. Say you would normally run 100 squares with 1 agility make it like 200 squares for 99. Not a crazy increase and you will still run out of energy and need staminas for prolonged running but it'd be a nice incentive to train agility, and it makes sense
I use at sara and arma gwd because of the all around defense and prayer.
You're gonna have a pretty rough time with 63 range. Hes gonna assblast you a lot.
I think it will be because you can pray range and have good magic defense from ranged armrlor.
The point is it was 24m after it crashed from ds2 release, why in the fuck would making it 20 percent better result in the price dropping?
Killing kbd can be fun at lower levels. Make sure to only bring 3 good items because you might get assblasted by a pker.
The op is asking what price the weapon will settle at, not what amount it might drop to short term.
I voted no to that question because I wanted them to make the item better, not have it be lower requirements.
24m was a low point. Even before the poll was discussed by jmods, the dhcb was more then 24m. It's not gonna be 20m, that just makes no sense.
Best feeling ever
most efficient way is to cut teaks and do darts for fletching, you'll waste a lot less time getting shit xp from doing this. It's fine if you do cut and fletch them but in no way is it efficient.
EU? Dude eu palpatine would xeleestomp obi, and that comes from a huge fan of obi.
Aren't those worth more then 480m?
Autumn elegy would have a fucking seizure
No, f2p doesn't need updates until members are getting weekly updates again.
For real im not even a great pvmer and the only boss i 3 man is corp. I mostly do gwd, bandos can last 6+ hours duo, zammy and arma long enough for a task. Sara duo can last as long as you have combat or range potions. I usually only bring 3 people if i just wanna hang with friends or just mostly afk.
This is a pretty low kills per hour, I suck at vorkath and get 20.
They changed the max hit while on normal antifire or extended + mage prayer from 15 to 20. Not a huge deal.
That just sounds like something he'd do.
The majority of the slayer monsters that have been buffed arent nearly as good as people say. Max efficiency gargoyles are like 700-800k an hour tops. Wyverns about the same. That is not crazy money. Yes it is decent but not game breaking like everyone claims. Its not ok for someone to make 800k on a slayer task yet you have no problem with raids being 3m an hour? Or zulrah still being well over 2m per hour? Slayer monsters are not as unbalanced as all the whiners claim.
Gargoyles really arent afk because they have low health. Wyverns, yeah.
Even so, you can do the monkey hunting which is afk as fuck and get like 60k xp per hour.
Do you know if infernal axe works there?
We don't even know what kind of content it will be, so judging it before that time os pointless.
Maybe not every random potion added to the game needs to be 90+ herblore
Because the type of person to splash in the first place is not the type of person to actually think about what they're doing.
The thing that made summoning so bad is this pak yak. No way summoning will get added to osrs its just a vocal minority. Hell, reddit as a whole is a vocal minority. But your idea makes no sense. You claim summoning is inevitable, but if that is true why just add the worst parts of it without any work?
That would be fletching. Darts are zero time.
Skilling was shit profit in actual 2007 too. There was never a time when woodcutting was the meta to make cash. Maybe instead of ruining slayer, why not just improve skilling?
I think mith drags can also be poisoned with emerald bolts e right?
Maybe you should add this onto the hasta, because otherwise itd crash and be useless. Zammy is already by far the least killed and least profitable gwd boss, no reason to fuck up it's signature drop.
Yeah it will undeniably crash. Its price right now is mostly due to being the bis stab weapon. You take that away and only leave it a single place its good at? It will go down. Why does the dragon sword deserve this buff instead of the signature drop from the least commonly killed godwars boss? Dragon sword is a trash drop, just leave it as is. If you want to improve anything, make it an attachment for the hasta so that zammy might actually be worth killing.
I think the best weapons are armors you can get from merchants are ones you can recruit for settlements. Level 4 merchants, should be a page on them in the wiki.
I usually end up getting an auto looter, that way i get to actually play the game more and spend less time looking at my inventory.
Google "bitterkoekje dps calc" you should find a useful tool. Yes void is useful, elite void for range. Good for vorkath, corp and a few other niche situations. Still not bad if you don't have bis gear. Generally though d hide is gonna be better for range, although on low def monsters the elite void will win.
Get your combat stats to at least 95 through slayer. Then start bossing, all the time. Every gwd boss, except maybe zammy. Do all the slayer bosses except kraken. Do this shit until you have enough money to gear up for raids.
Use the number keys and space bar. Other then thst not much else to fuck up unless you're just being slow.
Kinda hard to get an economy rolling when u got chad vampires feeding off ur ass 24/7 and the job prospects are fuck all.
Nah u get free deaths and no instakill attacks quit your whining.
Its been 4 years m8
I have my thumb button on my mouse programmed as "esc" to close bank. Speeds up banking dramatically. Theres no way for jagex to tell this is happening, as it looks identical to the computer as me just hovering over the esc key. Same thing here, i doubt jagex is gonna tell if you're double clicking every once in a while. Just don't set a macro script with it and you'll be fine.
You said you were one of the first to 83 hunter. Which would have been 4 years ago because people were getting 99 hunter within the first month old school released.
Eh, i think its balanced. Pkers could just hang out in common spots like slayer spots or something and catch people logging in. Its a low chance of being caught, but a high price to pay if you do.
There was a cc, i think it was 07 altar but it might be some variation of that. They always had hosts.
You know the rune crossbow? Dragon crossbow is the same shit but with 4 extra range attack. It gets assblasted by the blowpipe at every monster.
Saying it was 4 years is still correct as it has been at least 4 years. Saying 5 years would have been wrong because it hasn't been 5 years yet. Anyways it just seems irrelevant. Why are you bragging about an insignificant stat from over 4 years ago? And what does that have to do with current bots. And if you supposedly quit so long ago why are you here now on a runescape subreddit?
Also make seedbox easier to get fuck tithe farm let me get it somewhere that isnt ass cancer.
Whats harder? Well sire is probably more punishing if you fuck up. But its also only like 20 seconds away from a bank at any time. Bandos can be soloed, but you have to get kc and shit so kills per hour is gonna be slow. As much as i hate sire, bandos isn't really a solo boss unless you're godly at prayer flicking.
I'll vote no for this on every account I have. It doesn't give players anything. If you want a gold sink, add an update players really want but make it expensive. Taking people's money away for no benefit is just bad game design.
I mean they did this exact thing to a guy that btcs was staking with last week.
It seems like a lot, but if you're into high level pvn you need about 2.4b to get all the bis shit. Don't even think thats including buyables. A lot of that is twisted bow, ely, ancestrals and arcane.
I know for sure there is at least one looting bot that will pick up items at nechraels that mages leave on the ground.
The trick to making money, it turns out, is already being rich.
No it will kidnap your dad and shoot your cousin, run fam.
Probably some of the earlier quest areas. Maybe like underground pass.
I think both the magic and range versions of the dfs need to be buffed. The melee dfs doesnt give -magic bonus, it gives +10. What each shield should do is have two styles it is strong against and one it is only marginally good at. So magic should be strong melee and magic def but weak range (but not negative lmfao), range should be strong magic and range def but weak melee def, and normal dfs is fine as is. Until they match the effectiveness of the melee dfs they will almost never be used. Currently its better to use a spirit shield at all gwd bosses for magic and range over the dfs equivalents because moderate defense against all three trumps good defense on one.
Literally the only downside of claws compared to ags is that it's damage is spread over two ticks. Other then that it is superior in every way. Accuracy, max hit, speed etc. Ags is still good, but claws dps is far better.
Good fuck that guy
Because mental illness
Pantera touring with ozzy
Anything to do with feminism, mostly.
I'm kind of in a hard spot. On one hand I'm kind of bored with bf4. It's a great game, but I've played it on three different platforms and I'm now level 140. On the other hand, I really don't like bf1 nearly as much, but it at least is a different experience. I don't agree with most of the gameplay changes but I've done everything in bf4. So i just haven't been playing either. I hope their next battlefield game doesn't shit the bed like the last two have.
In about 2 weeks all armor is gonna drop in value because its no longer christmas break and people are gonna be selling shit.
Waaaah
We should remove both of them from them drop table then.
If i was on that jury i would refuse to charge him with murder.
Replace any posts of "rs3" with "literal feces".
Suck dicks at a truckstop gloryhole or something.
Shit I wish it was only 300m. More like 2b+ for bis gear.
Blast furnace could be better.
Because you touch yourself at night
Yup just have my alt jump into bandos, tele out and bank. Or have him stand next to the nature altar Or have him stand at the end of an agility course. This is probably the most retarded idea for an update since evolution of combat, congratulations.
I can totally see why they'd decide to just not sell to that state though. The laws are always changing and getting worse. It's much easier for them to just say fuck it then have to ask their attorney every time they get an order to CA. Don't blame the businessmen for not wanting to navigate the minefield that is the california state legislation, blame the people who made it that way.
I shoot .22 through a liberty mystic x. It works great, but cleaning it is a bitch.
Most of the op stuff in the game was not obviously op in the polls. Nmz, would have had no idea it has been the melee training meta for years. Blowpipe, i suppose we could have seen it coming with the attack speed, but still. Tbow? We only got a vague idea of what that was going to be capable of and even after a significant nerf it is still bis by far in many places. My only point is, some updates we knew would have some power creep like rigor. But jagex hasn't always been great historically about telling us exactly what we are voting for.
I kind of wish rainbow six 3 for the ps2 was still a thing. I really liked that game as a kid but I never had online access to my consoles.
Wow, someone assmad after they got cleaned at the casino. This must be the first time, and thus worthy of a post.
Nah it just drops a rope and a chair for you.
Doing zammy on a hcim seems like it'd be tough. If you get unlucky he and the minions can stack you for like 70+ damage in a tick.
Pretty much, lots of people do 5m stakes because it gives them a chance to make some money, but slow down before they lose a lot. Less people do 1m stakes, and much below that is pretty rare to see at all. 5-100m stakes are most common from what ive seen.
Wasn't sure if maybe some of the other courses were coded differently like seers. Either way this suggestion would completely break certain parts of the game. Runecrafting would be 10x faster. You could have one guy get kc at gwd and just teleport to him. Could have your alt just teleport to you at any time anywhere with more supplies. I'm sure there's even more broken things I'm forgetting too.
Itd have to be fairly limited. Problem is, you as a company can't trust local data. Thats why in most online games shit is kept server side so that you know little timmy isn't wallhacking, or in this case spawning twisted bows or something. Its an extreme example but they have to be careful what data they allow the player to use locally.
Morality is subjective. Out of all the possible ways you could have made a cohesive argument against the op, that was probably the worst.
U know that magic is literally the meta for training slayer for the last year right?
Like an obby cape but brown and even more noob, if that is even possible.
Pls daedric
Maybe they could like combine the warrior zerker and nezzy so it isnt higher str bonus but has good atk str and prayer.
Pls dragonbone
Thanks for the 100k
Ancestrals and arcane are like 300m by themselves. But if you're just doing range and melee, yeah.
Thats level 120 cringe right there.
Man i understand that. The same feeling was what made me stick with runescape even after every subsequent bad update before eoc. But eventually there will be a point where rs3 dies. This will happen for old school too, but not nearly as fast. My point is, just play the one that gives you the most enjoyment. At least give old school a try. You can make progress a lot faster once you know the efficient training methods.
As a rule, anyone who says nigga in rs is white.
Nice man. I got same drop at rune drags 1st day of release, kind of wish it was dragon limbs since my buddy got one of those and sold for 27m.
Wow this defensive shield is hard to hit through.
Has not been nerfed in any way. And the stuff it drops is mostly alchables.
Is waterbirth faster then the lunar isle method?
They're not really the same type of gun. Compare shield to like a glock 43. This is double stack mid size gun and shield is a single stack small gun.
Where exactly does it say it isn't allowed to be used in the wilderness? The 20 percent damage reduction already doesn't work in the wilderness. Are you seriously crying on reddit because you aren't good enough to kill someone in the wilderness?
I think eragon wins all rounds just because of his magically enhanced physicals.
Now I keep thinking of the racist moon man.
Why does every one of these vids have to have degenerate garbage fucking music?
Cleaned?
He already was back in the day
Sparc is just fake as fuck and its so obvious. Dudes an actor. I hate those kind of people. Some people can stand being lied to but I'm not one of them.
As long as it takes. I will not let someone take my world. I'll either finish the task or they will hop.
Well clearly it's failing a poll. I don't want it in the game because it reminds me of the decline of runescape. Even if it was just a minigame, I'd rather have stealing creation. And if it was a minigame, it would need rewards. Of course people are gonna come up with all these reasons we need chaotics and shit. And I'd rather just nip this whole thing in the bud. The majority of players don't want dungeoneering, but the vocal minority just won't drop the subject.
Begging should be a perm ban for every account on your ip address. You are filth that should be eradicated from this game.
Just google it, go to page 5 and click the first link. Make sure to include your username, password and pin so that jagex can verify that it is you.
Considering the cost, even if you can do 1 extra kill with blowpipe per hour the profit isn't enough to make up for the lost darts and scales. Dhcb is gonna be the meta, especially since you can use a dragonfire ward and heavily reduce dragonfire and range attack damage.
Idk but he is great for the economy. Keeps getting banned with bills on him, not to mention the super expensive items like tbows and third age.
Riley Reid, for anyone else doing intense research.
What is this gay shit
If you get scammed it is 100% your fault for dropping items on the floor.
I just think you should only be able to vote on content that you can actually do. So if you have 500 total level, you don't have a valid opinion about high level anything. That, or a 1500 total level vote minimum. Too many people don't even play the game and vote yes to everything without even reading the question.
Can we also get an option to lock a tab? So sick of having to rearrange my slayer gear tab.
Every time I see that game, I am reminded of how they ruined it. Not even being dramatic, it is pay to win. They managed to take a game I sunk tens of thousands of hours into and twisted it into a microtransaction simulator. Rs3 is the epitome of everything I hate about modern game design. They are greedy as fuck. The game isn't even runescape anymore. They took everything unique about the game and threw it away, replaced it with a shitty generic mmo.
Nothing is stopping you from going into wildy and charging it.
Think of it more like this, that was jagex's stance on the issue 10+ years ago. They have new ownership now.
They already did this dude.
Pretty sure its 1st one, i think 2nd one is salve amulet.
She's one of the only attractive black chicks I've seen.
Please make a ranged version as well.
Wow who knew carrying your bank on you in a pvp world was a bad idea?
blessed d hide is +1 prayer per piece, thats a joke. Armadyl has the same bonus. I mean something like black d hide with +5 for top and bottom or something.
Nah the slight walk from a bank is the only reason these arent camped 24/7
Dude who is this guy? Funny af.
This post is like asking for directions but we don't know your current location. Add some info next time so we can actually help, or better yet, just google it its fucking 2018.
All these posts in and you STILL have somehow managed to give no relevant information to the people trying to help your disabled ass finish a boss that came out over a decade ago. Maybe instead of stalking my profile, put on your big boy pants and fucking tell us your stats and gear so we can put on the training wheels for you.
If you are over 115 combat without 85 slayer. Most of the time you'll see dudes with like 1050 total level with 99 atk, str and def. And they have like 57 slayer and a combat bracelet. It's fucking disgusting.
I kinda regret getting one because i always have a bcp, and even that I don't use too much. I wish i had put the points into leveling up skills for the diary.
Dude they werent even close to worth it even when they dropped superior bones. Theyre dead content
If you are training slayer with range, id recommend you get an imbued black mask or slayer helmet. Also, magic shortbow (i) will be better on most monsters.
Wouldn't the zammy sword have higher str bonus then tent whip and d defender?
Pure is 1 def. You can have a 70def piety tank but it isnt a pure
In all honesty, I am a terrible pker so I am not the right person to ask.
Tbh itd probably be faster to just start another account, and youll need another one pater to do heros anyways.
Cool man, thanks for the detailed information. Only things I would add are total supply cost, and total money per hour after suply costs. Xp per hour might be useful as well.
No, pure 1def. It is a lack of defense, pure offense. What you described is an account build. Nothing wrong with that, but it isnt a pure.
Only problems i see with 2 of the items is that people would iust equip it when eating a p pot or food and then back to a torture. Also i think the food restore effect might be a bit broken in pvp, especially if it works on brews.
For vorkath, yes.
Bandos, magic is never the meta. As an attacker blowpipe even with addy darts shits all over magic. Sara, you use spectral over dfs because it weighs less. Armadyl you use dfs, although dragonfire ward would probably work well there. Zammy you want to use spectral.
Yes you mage prot at sara. You also run a lot. You will be better off with the spectral because it weights significantly less then a dfs and doesnt give -5 range attack. There is not a single magic build that is better dps then a blowpipe on bandos. Even with max mage you lose to addy darts and blessed d hide. Sure, it can be done but in no way is magic the meta.
You'd be better off with 1 mage and 1 blowpipe if you are certain you can't find a tank. Also good luck anti crashing at bandos with magic, too many crashers.
Yeah, best melee dps in the game on most monsters sure is dumb.
Only problem with hosts files is that it adds latency to every connection. It is great at blocking ads though.
Just shift drop and u wont be banned.
Uh tbh im surprised anyone bothered to get 99 mining in the first place.
Make it ammo slot
Oh my god it's bad enough that this filth infects the grand exchange, do we really need fucking panhandlers on the subreddit now too? Begging should be a perm ban.
I think its a toggle option in the menus in game.
Ok that's actually pretty funny.
Super old pejorative for jews. You probably just ran into a stormfront member lmao.
Oh wow. Ok, thanks.
Ok I'll check his twitter and see if I can find it. Thanks.
Cool, thanks for the link.
Just cringed so hard i broke my neck.
I dont go to sand casino for that reason. 580m bank, seeing all my friends get tbows from casino, but i know if i go there I won't be as lucky.
If ur gonna high alch, go to ur poh, turn off private. Set up autoclicker to click within a few pixels at random intervals. You might still get banned, but I did 57k alchs in a weekend by 6 hour logging with the autoclicker this way.
Rs3 is such a good game that the version without 7 years of updates is more popular.
God that just turned her from a 10/10 to a 6/10. Like i'd still smash but wouldn't feel as good about it.
Probably because most people don't like being baited.
Tbh the human race just got a tiny bit more intelligent. Natural selection is a wonderful thing.
Ur wearin a skirt as a man but its not gay if its for slayer
Begging should be a perm ban for any accounts on their ip address. They are a plague to the game and should be forcibly eviscerated.
Was thinking tassets but I'll accept that as well
They have a whole section for that, the equipment tab.
Dude gives away like 10b every day
Why tf do you think any of us know? Jagex hasn't released that info yet. You'd be better off asking a magic 8 ball.
We don't know stop fucking asking jesus
You could say life as a whole is meaningless too. The game is all about peoples achievements and by allowing people to bypass that it ruins the whole integrity of the game.
Magic longbows if you want to buy in bulk, or get used to shit items and 125 buy limits.
Of course theres some pedophile waifu in the corner.
Fuck no
Wow that is really fucking cool.
Damn, lots of memories up to 2012.
Decent beginner guide but it is also lacking a lot of information.
Probably because nobody chops oak logs once they can chop willows.
Ive heard it called "negro spirituals".
Could almost be a Dethklok song
What makes these worth $230 more then a pair of Howard Leights? Not trying to be an ass, just genuinely curious.
I have the TFX pro sights for my p226 and love them, but I think they are a bit different then these.
But to actually answer your question, dude just said he had one of these he could sell to someone and that it had only been on a single range trip. Even though these aren't regulated in any way (except maybe ITAR), apparently trying to set up a sale on Reddit for anything that isn't advertiser friendly = ban. Yeah we needed a new website years ago, now we just really need one.
I wish they would just sell ump45s.
Eli5 why lead ammo is bad for desert eagles?
Wish it was threaded, but otherwise a solid buy.
According to this thread the whole "anything over 100 lumens = blind" is gonna be the new fuddlore.
I ended up buying a mp 15-22 since any of the 10/22s i found with the add ons i wanted were $250+ anyways.
Yeah but its a lot more gun for the money then a 10/22.
I bet there wouldn't be as many bullet holes if they didn't say it was a felony to damage it on the sign.
Yeah $40 mags are one of the biggest downsides
worth 30 more just being from evga for their step up program + warranty.
All that means is that if you had bought a card previously, that is the latest date you could have bought a card and still put in a step up request today. New cards sold by them will be able to step up from 90 days of the date of purchase iirc.
Eh, all I've heard is anecdotal stuff. But its the same reason people like glocks, since the magazines can be used for multiple guns. Really I think the fvsr is the better gun but not enough to outweigh the benefit of the mag compatibility.
Yall giving me flashbacks of my middle school football coach. What a great dude.
Damn. I'd totally snag this but I need to sell one of my excess ar-15s first.
upvote just because of NOT THE MPR
Forgive me Eugene Stoner for I have sinned.
Does this mean they are readding that school shooting game?
Honestly not that hard to believe considering the sheer amount of mentats you find in their quarters.
they also have a website that is a bit more info at a glance
Of which that game was neither
U block origin
Eh, id never pay a contractor up front after all the stories you hear about scammers. Maybe a 50/50 up front/upon completion.
Wow look, MSRP!
Definitely. But for building renovations? Gonna be cautious.
if you want to buy games that arent $60, pc.
It's not going to stop someone who is intent on breaking the law, it is a massive setback for every single law abiding citizen and in some cases mandatory waiting periods have directly caused people to die without a fighting chance. It's a terrible idea that was started by people whose entire goal was to make the 2nd amendment so hard for normal people to legally use that nobody would use it and eventually the popular support for it would diminish.
i have had all of the k70s with any sort of blacklights fail, and not after a long time. not just that, it happened right outside of the warranty date and they refused to help me. you pay premium prices and get nothing in return. i dont know much about keyboards because i always bought these since corsair generally makes good stuff. id check out the mechanical keyboards subreddit they would know more.
Right but an ad does not make them a terrorist organization. Calling everything terrorist just devalues the actual term.
Not saying this invalidates your claims, but snopes has a pretty heavy liberal bias.
If you need a warning like this to not download fake torrents, you shouldnt be torrenting. Only download from skulls and make sure the file size is in the right range.
Probably because cod4 on pc is so much better then mwr.
They sent me an email once the shipping label was created that had all of that information on it. Before that, there was no information really.
Its an idiot tax for people like OP.
.45 acp is a lot more bang for your buck though.
Honestly i wouldnt buy their refurb boards. They are almosy msrp and only have 1 year warranty. Had one completely die at 13 months and they told me to pound sand. Unacceptable for a fucking $120 keyboard.
Kinda overpriced for a sig clone when you can buy an actual sig for this money.
Which are even cheaper. I just wish they went the Canik route and actually gave you a lot for the money.
This isnt the same model that beat the sig legion in MAC's gauntlet test.
Its not the Zero One though. Yeah it'll probably do just as good, but it doesn't have the track record of a P226. Point is, canik does really well because they are priced competitively. These arent, for the same price I can buy a baller CZ shadow. And both CZ and Sig are known companies.
Shoots better is opinion. More reliable, possibly. But one test won't prove that. If I had to wager though I'd say its more reliable. But for that I'd pick an HK anyways. Its not lower tier because of quality, its lower tier because its unproven. The P226 has been used by police and military all around the world. Arex has not. When we have huge gun companies fail all the time, its not hard to believe a relative newcomer to the scene could fail. Granted they aren't small, but they are not anywhere close to CZ or Sig. Really the crux of my skepticism is proving what both of us already suspect; that the Arex is a better made gun then the CZ or Sig. My issue is that there really is no way to know other then long term military testing, which is unlikely it will ever get. Sig has for sure done this. I really wanted a p365 but no way after ive seen the horror stories of snapped off firing pins and more. Or p320s that shoot you if dropped. Hell, you just touch a west german p226 you can tell its better then the Exeter, NH ones. But they still make good guns.
You're damn right about that. I wish Sig still earned their reputation. The p320 drop fire shit and the number of issues with the p365 make them almost as bad as taurus, as far as their new shit.
Ooh I actually haven't heard of this one yet. What are they fucking up now?
Damn, imagine buying a $1200 gun and having that shit happen. I'd be so pissed.
40 fps on most AAA games
Very flat, thats the reason it exists.
I wish they worked with silencershop, id totally buy some of their shit if I could use the kiosks.
Wow shit i'm dumb. Thanks for the info.
Didn't know the sodium levels in here were so high, my bad.
I'd rather have almost any other pistol then an xd. Glock, smith and wesson sig hk ruger. Pretty much any of them over this. But opinions are wrong around here, apparently.
Suppose thats fair. I just hate the whole idea of grip safeties and I've never picked up a Springfield that felt good in the hand.
I just got my BDR-15M from them and it is a well made rifle, superb for the price. They do build these kits so be aware that it could be a week or two before the order ships.
Money spent gets better training. Thats why USA pilots get the most flight time in the world.
Huh, thanks for the info. I have the liberty mystic x and you're right, it is pretty damn versatile. I just wanted to have another silencer because it gets too hot on .223 to change hosts at the range.
Do you know if there are any in middle tn?
Shit :( theres a TWRA range here that is ok but its almost as lame as an indoor range
Starbucks
Good deal, but I had one of these and it had problems reliably feeding from the factory ruger 10 round magazines, even after I sent it back to Ruger for repair. Maybe I just got a dud, but I ended up selling it.
If this is a good silencer, not bad since most .22lr ones seem to go for about $300.
It is installed without your consent and tries to hide itself. It is malware.
I know mystic x is rated for like .300 win mag. Don't think its full auto rated for any rifle calibers though.
This picture is older then half of the people commenting here.
No, it's a damn good rifle for the money. Good fit and finish and everything. Make sure you lube it up when you first get it, but thats new guns in general. I'd try and contact them on their website, they were pretty quick to get back to me when I did.
Only complaints I've heard about these are that they don't have a lot of room for cable management. Great deal on a beautiful case though.
Agreed. I have a 226 with the srt installed and it is definitely better then my usp9. but the usp isnt bad, just not as good.
This is exactly why people hate vegans.
It's refreshing to see one where she isn't being raped by like 10 dudes.
Thanks for the link.
the real question is, is it worth waiting for next gen to pay crazy prices for it, or to buy a card thats over 2 years old for msrp?
eh i have a gtx 770 2gb and its pretty bad
Nah I bought them both for $440ish from jet.com back when they were relevant but lost my job and decided to sell them as prices had gone up.
Yeah i think the whole point of m.2 was to make them smaller.
Any of these without the Hillary hole?
Depends on which binary trigger. Cant remember which, but one of them limits itself to not go faster then your bolt.
Product description says 630 lumens
Wow that was quick, thanks.
Thanks for the info. I just wanted a good scope for personal use. However, I hear this one might be collectible so I wanted to see if anyone here knew the value of it.
Im getting this for a stupid good trade deal, like $600 and from what I hear I should be able to trade it or sell it for more then that.
Have had 3 corsair keyboards with rgbs that failed since 2014. I won't buy another product of theirs, ever.
This shit makes me so angry. How fucking dare they ruin the game so badly that another version has to be made which ends up being more successful without years of their toxic shit "updates". Sorry had to get that out of my system.
Na
yeah most of their inventory is 25 percent over msrp anyways
theyre smoking crack if they think a fucking mosin is worth 850 jesus christ
ads are a fucking plague and i will do everything in my power to not be subjected to their manipulation
That is literally the entire point of advertisement, subtle manipulation of the viewers' mind.
Yeah I bet it's a lot of pressure. Also considering she's the only woman on the stream, sometimes they can get talked over or interrupted. I'd probably be really nervous if I was dropped in a live stream too.
No she shouldn't be punished because the people that play this game are a bunch of cranky man children.
No thats literally the entire point of FFA
They added an "i" in front of it and doubled the price.
Get woke Go broke
The extremism comes in when you have such extreme political beliefs that voting for another candidate is reason enough to dislike them.
If you dislike her as a person because she is a horrid bitch, I get that. But citing who she voted for? Really? Isn't that the entire idea of the Democratic process? You are potentially looking at a huge chunk of the population that you just write off blindly because they don't agree with you.
Your opinions don't affect me at all, I was just pointing out the hypocrisy of judging one person about their voting history so heavily but not others. It isn't your right to comment without criticism.
no u
This is precisely why I believe in securing the American borders but every time it is brought up people act like its so racist to have immigration standards. Germany isn't going to recover from this for a long time.
To be honest you're no better then that crazy christian chick on youtube who thinks Monster energy drinks are the devil.
S U B S C R I B E
wait are sbr stamps now being processed that quickly?
oh dang those are back online for sbrs? is it still just form 1 and nor form 4 eforms?
I know what this is going to be every time but I still click it and am never disappointed.
Monstrum is basically just airsoft stuff, don't buy this and expect it to hold zero.
&gt; hardware itself doesn't fail That's not a given with chinesium airsoft parts
This is probably fine matched with any of Monstrum's products. But I'm not gonna mount a $400+ optic with a mount made by an airsoft brand. There are plenty of decent quality mounts like Aero precision that are still not quite as high prices as a Geissele but still get the job done. I wouldn't put this on anything other then a range rifle and even that is pretty iffy.
They should both be tortured to death.
lol is that the Dragonborn?
Holy shit thats a great price.
Plus adam can see through walls lmao
Sorry but the blonde has the choker, which we all know is a black belt in dick sucking.
Well, since tnt doesn't also irradiate everything, my money is on the nukes all 3 rounds.
I'm not sure. just checked and my board the asus prime b350 plus just had a bios update this month. installed it, tried to run ram at 3200 and now itll crash any games i try to run. I'm really sick of fucking with this almost 2 years after launch just to get advertised speeds, forget overclocking.
Anyone who has "non-binary" 8 year old children needs to have CPS called on them
can we get a emoji cancer version?
Well, it cant heal itself between battles. But thats about it.
Microsoft stopped cwring about security on the xbox 360 around 2012. Now that consoles are dirt cheap lots of people just have jtags they use to infect another console. Not to mention the piracy.
I want to say, I had one of these and I regret selling it so much. Even with a volquartssen extractor my 15/22 jams so much. Not to mention this thing is just stupidly accurate. I was getting better groups with this than i did with a ruger american rimfire.
I just have to be in a specific mood to play i cant grind for weeks on end like i used to.
You could use the infernal cape.
The craziest thing about this is that everything looks so...similar. Like the house doesn't look out of place in the modern day. Kinda weird to see how little has changed with some things in 70+ years while other things change entirely.
amd cards are better for mining so miners bought them all up
I had a lot of fun playing bf4 with tri screen setups.
I'm not really sure whats wrong I have win10 and was able to play IW no problem. You might wanna get a few mods to increase graphics and change resolution though.
Was that the juggernaut one?
True lol. Still looks a bit short bus with a longer grip then the slide.
This should be like SnD rules or something.
I just miss being maps having all those cool glitch spots. Take any mw2 map bar wasteland and you have tons of neat spots. Something like black ops you couldn't jump all over so it felt more bland to me.
That is such a dumb gun too. Like take away the easily concealable barrel but add length where it's going to print the most??
I wonder how much improvement the sandman would get from a 5.56 endcap, also wow those numbers from the yhm can are great, kinda disappointed with the vox, but it makes sense as I think it's a bit smaller then the sandman k.
any deals on dead air mounts?
mobile worked fine for me as well, galaxy s 9 on sprint service if that helps.
firefox
lol do you remember when bf3 launched and the magnum was a 1hk and the flashlight was like the actual sun?
/u/userleansbot /u/evengraves
I have this scope and the 1-4 is great, 6x is ok but 8x the eyebox is so small that it's basically useless for anything but benchrest shooting. I will say the glass is good and the reticle is cool looking and has useful holdovers. Also illuminated for the 4 people that use that.
Maybe it's because my eyesight isn't great but it is serviceable but not optimal in my experience. It was my first optic over $200.
This was explained because the master ninja dude wanted a 1v1 rust no hardscopes
You still occasionally see Runescape PK videos on there, but it isn't really wholesome as the idea is the victim got "raped".
please make the mobile app better though dear god the chromecast thing only works like half of the time.
This is a shitty graph, what do the vertical numbers even mean?
See: Rey from Star Wars
Still, a graph should have a key letting us know what the data is measured in and it's source. We can't really correct bad data with bad data.
Horse DLC
Hey dude just wanna say good job and keep it up!
Do these take the same mags as an mp15/22? I'm fuckin sick of my 15/22 but I have like 10 mags for it.
I think I'll end up having to do this, especially after the recall.
i remember they polled this and it wasn't even close to passing. I wish it did so people wouldnt be scammed and irons could play with mains.
People remember hard clues as being worth doing from back in the day when all cosmetics were worth tons of gp. Now almost all of the rewards are garbage and even the good rewards aren't worth much. You can make more money buying random shit from shops and selling in ge per hour then doing hard clues. They're more of a fun distraction or a thing to do to hit a goal then something to do for serious profit.
Thanks.
People were shot in Katrina for less.
I don't mind wildly clues I just hate having to re gear
If you get 72 slayer you can camp wyvern, which drop tons of alchables and other useful stuff
It would be nice if they had an npc in game or something that could switch the animation back to the original. I get it needs to be defaulted to the new animation for people who have epilepsy but it should be a toggle for everyone else.
Splash on kraken tentacles and u get damage xp as well. Great for mains but most people who splash aren't 80 something slayer.
Hi do you have any tips on doing farming? I'm level 42 that I got mostly through questing. It's actually one of my lowest skills, and I know there has been a lot of stuff added for farming in the last two years and I'm pretty lost as far as what the meta is. How do you train your farming? I'm getting lots of seeds from slayer so I can definitely start now, I just don't know what to do.
Considering AK was blocked in the movies by physical objects like statues, I think a lightsaber would do the same.
the 2060 super is more expensive then the generation before it's x70 card. the problem with the 20 series was always their blatent price gouging, not really performance.
This guy is going to have a great night.
I remember my first nuke was with the scout sniper class on rust. I was just pronto on top of the pipes in the corner of the map and killed people. Since I had cold blooded I even survived a chopped gunner and got my nuke before his. People we si bad back then nobody knew where I was or went for revenge.
"Wow this porno sure would be improved by 1000rpm blinking" - Nobody
Pm'd
1070 was about equal to 980ti. 970 about equal to 780ti (if not better). So when their new cards are an entire step below what they should have been in performance AND priced high as well its no wonder why people aren't super excited about buying them.
Lol this is so true. Worked at a college in Indiana, the security guard had been caught three times setting up an empty supply closet with a mattress, TV and DVD player. He was asleep all 3 times. He didn't even get fired, he got written up each time but he could only get fired if he had 3 written infractions in 30 days, which was almost impossible.
