&gt; A mild sociopath, if you will. Now *that's* soft &amp; squishy alright. Perhaps you should do some research into personality types. Just because he's more logical about things doesn't mean he doesn't give a shit or care. I'm a little tired of this washed up mentality that people with a certain personality or type are *sociopaths*.
&gt; That seems to be a common thing among some of the smartest people in IT that I know. Get new IT friends.
That's not the point. Having some anxiety is normal. Having a little more anxiety than the average person? Fine, sure; part of our personality. But I'm sick of this type-cast of the fact that we're all so wired up &amp; so socially anxious that we cannot handle a simple outing. If you guys are really like that, how did you live this long or make it this far in your career? I feel like, the people who just don't do "social things" are on the very far end of the spectrum &amp; are outlier, if anything. I'm not saying discredit people, but I dislike the presumption we can't have a conversation or are all socially awkward, anxious, or weak.
Anything I need to know going forward when I mention you on the Internets? Do you have a site, or permalink that you prefer people go to first?
You shouldn't assume PDQ is secure, but gotcha :)
I guess you look it a little too literally then. I mean, I feel like I know some pretty smart people, but I wouldn't call them socially awkward. The people I'd consider awkward may not necessarily work in the IT field. A reasonable (e.g, overly logical person in this subreddit) wouldn't think that at all about what I said, they'd either know I'm bullshitting, or know I'm telling the truth in some capacity. &gt;Part of the reason a lot of very smart people are so good at what they do is because they have more time and inclination to study rather than hang out with friends. I kinda feel bad for those folks, then. I'm close to being one of them I've given up some things that I consider a waste of time these days &amp; well, it gets to be unbearable &amp; lonely after a while. The people who know what their problem is are fully aware of how to fix it, they just don't want to or think they can't. That doesn't mean they shouldn't have friends, you're right. But they should know when their head is too far into the books, heh.
I just don't agree with the society anxiety premise or even the socially awkwardness or the downvotes I recieved on any of my comments. People I've met at hacker conferences kind of blow a hole in that theory. Even outside of that environment, someone who might seem even slightly anxious is generally fine. It's very rare that I find people that are on the fringes like /u/xanflorp -- psychotraumatic/physical responses to social situations like that are not the norm &amp; people should be on medication if that's the case. I don't even want to know what that's like. So yeah. Get new, *more* technical friends. Get them to meet each other &amp; have a good time. Try to help each other out of that social anxiety construct you've made for yourself.
[hopefully some resources here help](https://twitter.com/darksim905/status/772420136951222272)
do none of you have Pro Support on your servers?
I'm not sure what you're saying. Maybe you should go to websites that format their code properly in &lt;code&gt;tags&lt;/code&gt; in their wiki. Alternatively, I didn't know piping stuff to ````clip``` was so difficult in Powershell. It's literally better than bash where there is no built-in mechanism for it. Also, for whitespace issues, just copy &amp; paste into notepad first. Who *knows* what you're copying from websites. Good Lord.
cram everything in over a weekend I'm kidding, don't do that. Well, how do you learn? :-)
Well, you made it sound like you were pasting code from websites like a wildman. I mean, I agree to your point of keeping Regedit for Regedit. Frankly, I'm amazed Regedit is still a thing or hasn't been replaced by now. Further to your point &amp; opinions about Powershell, I think it depends on the environment(s) people work in &amp; if they are more of a developer than a Sysadmin. Some people *love* Powershell, some just aren't in the environment where they need to do it over again. The issue I have with toolchains that still have some sort of GUI is, you are still [in this rut](https://xkcd.com/1205/) - in numerous jobs I've done all this work to automate something when, it's fine doing it manually because it is a one off.
* Insert my username &amp; password, click login * I get no errors displayed in my php error log file. * I get no errors on the webpage itself. I haven't looked too closely on the error logs of Nginx yet. I'll try that &amp; get back to you. * It doesn't reject my password. * I currently have a redirect for my website to redirect people to HTTPS/SSL
Theft from so many authors, bad recommendations for quite a few things &amp; talking about stuff that in general makes people unsafe. Huh.
It won't be mentioned because it wasn't a torrent or easily ripped off
I mean, a lot of these are manuals so that's fine. But mentioning bumping doesn't look too good on the community. Sure, the information is out there, but posting it in a comment with a bunch of other stuff, it gives a bad perception of us as a community. Also, linking to PDFs of high quality books where there are new versions constantly leaves a bad taste in my mouth. It would be different if the book was no longer in print or had a serious discrepancy in quality/content. Lastly, calling the ZIP file of templates "yours" when it is from a torrent that has been floating around the Internet for years, is hardly anything worthy of posting. If you look at those ''templates'', you may as well link to other forums that have high quality versions. Most aren't usable because they are just ''images'' of products from Chinese sellers. Others are copies of Matt Blaze's photos. Just link to the source material. Sorry. I get frustrated when I see issues of attribution &amp; just random links thrown around like we're wild savages.
I mean, this is accurate. Modern high end cameras have way too many settings &amp; are not properly laid out.
Only on workdays &amp; if I'm up too early / value the image of a community more than other things.
People. Not companies, people
Generally I-195 is considered the divider of North &amp; South Jersey to me. This highway &amp; all the main areas (like Trenton!) are right in the middle of the State.
We're like, the tip of Central NJ. There's some asshole with a big ass Trump sign tacked to his tree. This town is bonkers.
What's it to you? Why does it matter?
What part of it is embarrassing? There's a lot of folks who prefer the common firefighter emblems &amp; such - is that not as embarrassing? Is this too over the top / calling attention to people who should otherwise act thankless?
I'm sure there's something you think is badass, at some point in your life, that someone else thought was childish in some capacity. I'm just not sure why you have to be up someone's ass about it. I asked a genuine question, as I see this mentality a lot on here. I was genuinely curious &amp; your response, much less opinion of this person that you probably don't know, makes me want to associate with firefighters I know, don't know or otherwise that much less. It is literally *not* hurting you. :-)
You should name &amp; shame this company. Holy shit
&gt;Every time there is a major fire we have the media start this whole hero worship thing. &gt;We just happen to also go out and fight fires when needed. &gt;They dont want to do the hard work involved in overhaul/mop up but they will sure as shit turn up for the parade... &gt; Real firefighters dont need to brag about what they do its just what they do it. Others in this thread could've easily just said those few things like adults rather than downvoting blindly because they disagree. Thank you.
Curious, could you say why? I feel like that's not the case on Twitter &amp; if people don't talk, they drop fascinating hints. Why is RE still considered some sort of dark art?
Go to bed earlier. Plan the things you want to / will accomplish with all that energy. :-)
Typically glasses make individuals of our type seen as * Intelligent, Sexy * Shady, Mysterious * Like we're hiding something, perhaps **hiding behind** them You can't really affect this much. Depends on the glasses you are wearing, how they fit you &amp; how you handle yourself. Otherwise, you'll just be eaten alive.
I don't feel resentful so much, but I think there's a spectrum of how much work is acceptable, even, accepted as "effort" by some people. To me, I'm fine with a decent dress shirt, pants, making sure my hair isn't crazy. If it's an event or I'm looking to do really well (or a conference), I'll cut my hair &amp; shave (attempt to keep my goatee) a few days before the conference. I'll spend conceited effort &amp; time making certain things look symmetrical. I don't wear a suit of any sort, that's fairly rare. I'm not that handsome (IMO) to pull off certain clothes like that - curse you genetics, hnnnnnnnnnnnng) I did all of that once &amp; an Ex I was with was pissed off I never dressed up for once. I had to plan it out. Shit was ridiculous. I'm not sure what the chick expected. I don't know if she wanted me to gel my hair (no thank you, personal issues) or wear some sort of male cologne (fuck no, personal issues prevent me from doing that). Meanwhile, at work, I get told I should probably dress *down*. I wear a nice dress shirt, pants, nothing crazy. *shrug* There's no winning.
I'm just biding my time, saving money till I can get a new vehicle, LASIK and/or move out. So much I want to accomplish for some things I run. It just takes hard work, time &amp; chipping at the block, I guess. I keep getting this feeling it wouldn't be so much of a pain if I was a bit more shape. A bit more confident. A bit more *insert thing*. Obsessions other than that? I can't answer further without coming off as awkward as fuck, so there's that. Short of that? Sneakers, You People/Personality &amp; understanding Psychology. There's just so much.
&gt; crispr tell me moar.
Could you give a concrete example and what your definition of DevOps would be? Everyone seems to have their own little twist on it. I think it's needed in my job, as my workplace has a particular way of doing things because they *can* / are very much a startup. They have no care what others are doing in the industry &amp; they could be better served seeing things from an Ops perspective *or* at least **caring**. My team doesn't know who Tom Limoncelli s or half the people who work at Stack Exchange or other, well known orgs :(
Can I say I have my shit together from a societal perspective? *Sort of*. I'm about to be 30. I live with my folks. I drive a piece of shit that's going to die within the year. I have a steady job, but it is mind-numbingly boring (that or I'm very burned out). I run two meetups. There's this girl I really like, but some of the aforementioned things make me too chickenshit to ask her out. So do I have my shit together? Yeah, sure. But it's going to take a solid year or two of work to get me where *I want* &amp; I *still* won't be where I want to be. I'm going too slow.
Hnnnng I heart you
You'll be fine
A guide, sans requiring to PM would be ideal
Uhmm. You're missing a few :)
Mimecast is over complicated, eats mail, breaks Outlook, etc unless you have a very dedicated admin for it &amp; are a very very large organization.
Both! I have plenty of vps, am Linux admin, will travel. Just would like a guide that explains any of the finer points. Thanks in advance.
because it isn't practical, e.g. I provided no way for the person to apply it &amp; thus got downvoted. It isn't logical because I don't provide any other substance. If I had said *Oh, your body only needs 4-6 hours of sleep &amp; if you're in that OMG SQUEE mode &amp; can't sleep mode then you need to use that energy to plan your day. Use that motivation to mentally prepare yourself for the challenges &amp; for the crash that comes with losing that motivation.
At the time when I posted that? I felt pretty overwhelmed from what I recall. Just there's so much to do. I have a lot to study for RHCSA. So many things to play with but I can't sit down &amp; focus on one thing &amp; say "I'm going to do XYZ!" It's a lot to constantly process. :\ Right now? How am I going to put together a talk for a con that is in a few months when I haven't met with my co-speaker.
How did you study &amp; what resources did you use? :)
I get that GitHub is important, but do we really need a post in this sub every time they have the smallest outage?
&gt;It was never down &gt;You can clearly see it was down earlier here That doesn't mean their whole site was down, relax man. With how large GitHub is, I'm sure they just want to give folks piece of mind. It could've been a region impacting thing. I guess you wanted karma, though.
this looks vaguely familiar... thanks
Might I suggest having a page in the wiki where everyone posts their graphs, scripts &amp; resources? It seems every topic gets several people (myself included) inquiring about the steps to get something working, pitfalls, etc. :)
The Wolves in Sheep clothing who are waving between the two, as they'll be traitors and/or their own group &amp; will watch as everyone fights.
We're kind of already at war with Russia &amp; China at least in a cyber standpoint.
Line breaks, use them. *sigh* The main sources I use everyday: * Reddit - I have a multi with all the security-related subs I read everyday, check my profile! That multi is public. * Twitter - Here I follow many people who I consider to be good sources and researchers. Check my profile twitter.com/pogao to see who I follow. Maybe you find someone interesting there. * RSS - Multiple blogs, but unfortunately I don't have an easy way to share these (that I know of). Let me know if you are interested in these and I'll try to share them. * Podcasts - I always listen to Security Weekly, Hack Naked, CyberWire , Security Now and ISC's Storm Cast. Guess that's it... keeps me quite busy!
The coolant isn't that color &amp; it mixing wouldn't give that color.
Why would he have to complete the lower in PA?
They don't have the tracks walled off like Korea?
No
What host? Intriguing
Nowhere do I see that in your linked document. All wholesale references look like they are referring to legit bulk sales. I've seen dozens of people post videos on YouTube of finished guns.
I searched for the line you quoted specifically &amp; the term wholesale specifically &amp; that particular line didn't come up it was phrased radically different. Time to ask Nappen.
Okay, but let's be honest, is there anything really wrong with that? Morally sure, but if they can make money to make it easier to provide services...
I mean, my Linux skills are nowhere near as strong as I'd like, but the fact the ''rsync'' module for Ansible is a python wrapper, kills all the frills for me. There's no 'easy' way to copy multiple files (or rather, a whole directory) from one machine to another if you wanted to do it with baked in Ansible modules. And when it crashes or if you need to check a playbook for errors? No helpful messages. Just some python garbage. Don't even get me started on the condescending YAML error messages &gt;you have an error in this file riiiiight ^ here
Prove it once &amp; for all :D
That fucking title, guy.
Is there a similar plugin for us Firefox folks?
we're still talking about this?
This sounds like my old job. If you're on the East Coast, then lolz. The only way to solve this is to ingest the PSTs, any archives you find, etc into a service that will handle the data &amp; be good with it. A lot of people recommend MimeCast. You need your own Administer for the platform of you're going to go with that platform. The issue you're dealing with is essentially a hard limit of Outlook &amp; a breaking point of 15-20GB files. Think about it. That binary blob is being loaded. searched, indexed &amp; constantly updated. It's a matter of time before it breaks, dies or chokes. You'll get people to randomly disconnect from OWA, even on the local LAN. Outlook crashes. Computer instability, and so on. You only want to delete the OST entirely if the user needs to get up &amp; running immediately. Otherwise, they'll be waiting for Outlook to load (this may take half an hour, an hour or more depending on the file size). If they are dealing with frequent (daily, weekly) crashes but don't tell you, delete the file, start archiving their mail. People shouldn't be keeping anything back beyond company policy, anyways. Oh. And be sure if you go with a service like MimeCast or if you decide to do a "anything more than 5 years old goes bye bye" and users are aware of it. As much as I detest the phrasing &amp; thought that **users are idiots**, it's unfortunately true in this case: Unless you spell, in blood, that e-mails after a certain date are gone, then God help you. Case in point, the project manager Jim in the corner that wants access to an e-mail from 5 years ago about it concerns a project that's just going to fruition *today*.
&gt;Ideally you'd be using a Document Management System for storing these types of things so the business can find them even after people have left the company e.t.c. Which...would still be Exchange. I mean, you should be able to store their mailbox as an archive mailbox &amp; access it whenever you need to. It's just that even large ones are a bitch to parse.
The best mentors I've found are on Twitter and meeting people at cons. If that doesn't work, start your own Information Security meetup. I have so much content that I can/have to cover for the next three lifetimes. I need money though, so this paycheck to paycheck thing is really putting a damper on building a lab out.
Let's not complicate it now: /u/citat3962 should probably look at the OWASP cheatsheets and get the most common scanners, as you mentioned &amp; harden down the site. Confirm that it is properly configured &amp; that it is updated or moved to something more modern, then call it done.
* General networking? You've probably been using it your whole life. I'd recommend giving the CompTIA Network+ resources a refresher. Look at the Syllabus for their course &amp; go over it. Anything you didn't understand? Get comfortable with those. Also see Professor Messer videos (are those still a thing?) * Once you're comfortable &amp; don't feel like you're "I don't know what I'm doing dog", move on to things specific to your architecture: Cisco, routing, switching, *actual* networking. I'd build some lab examples with GNS3 or NetSim so you're comfortable with what's going on. * Beyond that, you'll have to play. What you'll learn is each ''UTM software'' out there these days doesn't call things by the same nomenclature. Even Sonicwall &amp; Watchguard, which are very identical product lines, have wild differences in naming scheme making things confusing if you're a literal person. * Do you have a networking team? Reading is hard, I didn't really look into the depths of your post. I'd say you should learn as much as you can when nobody is looking :)
Do you want a cookie? What's the point in sharing this information if you won't share what industry you're in? God damn.
TIL you only have to type google.com try it. :\
But do those people share? Heh
This is simply false.
Then explain to me how brain dumps happen. If things were validated, that would never happen.
This isn't what I'm talking about. What I'm talking about is, there are testing centers that people start up with funds, or pay off the proctor to take an exam in a room by themselves, with no cameras because they may not check on the testing centers as rigirously as they do in the United States. This is how *brain dumps* are created in the first place. The other way you can do it is by stealing the testing software &amp; starting your own testing site or test machines &amp; grabbing the questions as they are delivered to the client, but this is much, much harder as there are a lot of call backs to the testing center networks on the machines. I don't know what brampel is talking about, to be honest, as I haven't seen any places where you can take a certification exam online. That would be insane to me but I guess it's possible. If ProctorTrack is good enough for schools &amp; entities; it could work for others.
&gt; it was not the original intent behind my statement. I...uh, oh. *sits down*
$70k isn't underpaid for a software engineer. Must be nice to think you're God's gift to the Earth. Depends on language, skill, understanding underlying technology, etc.
Being likeable. I mean, I have friends, ''friends'', then everyone else, I suppose. I have a support network in my community, I have people who are my type actually *do* understand me, then there's my friends who have known me for years, who may or may not fully care about *me* or my interests. My problem is, I guess when I go to date or do other things, I think I have it all together &amp; don't. I just don't feel I do. I know part of it is possible Winter SAD (undiagnosed possibly) at this point in time but *damn* , is life really meant to be like *this*? It's not a lonely thing. Or rather, it is slightly different. I know that I'm much better off with a better half. And baring that. I know I'm better around people that push me. Hmm.
they've only been there for *years* &amp; ship almost everything from there unless its a Rosewill item.
why?
So basically your beef is with the owners rather than the company as an entity. Got it.
I don't know anyone who would buy something from B&amp;H unless they need the immediacy of the item, or want to window shop there to buy later at Amazon. Everyone uses Amazon. Almost everyone. The only thing I can see myself buying from B&amp;H is a really nice camera+lenses. I'm pretty sure their stuff is overpriced as well.
Go back to PA :D
&gt;Two best cities in the world There's cities around here? And two of them? People only care about NYC. &gt;Close to the ocean Why do I care? So I can be closer to storms, snow &amp; other shit that gets worse when you're closer to a body of water? &gt;Close enough to the mountains wat &gt;4 distinct seasons plz no &gt;Decent job market no
I don't know the answer to your question, but with what you've been told about UV resin, if that's the case, how do dental molds work then? Those are fairly complex, albeit not large -- is it that the material isn't a giant box, so it cures successfully?
Since Windows 2000/XP. Desktops. Windows 10 has this native now &amp; it is a lot better.
Okay, so you're talking about several different things. What tools, modules &amp; Powershell commands are you using with this fancy character type-sets that is causing data issues? You should talk to the person that created it.
&gt; When I interviewed at google around 2010~2011 they told me up front no one is allowed to get a Windows computer any more unless you have special permission to do so. So, whatever that means. Unless they are going to provide a box with their distro...
Ouch :-(
Holy shit **thank you**
What are you doing day to day in Powershell that you need it personally so heavily? I'm assuming you've [seen this](http://stackoverflow.com/questions/5796339/printing-unicode-characters-to-the-powershell-prompt) -- does the ISE suffer from the same issues in your experience? Since you haven't tried Win10, have you at least upgraded to the most recent version of Powershell overall?
&gt;The new rules mean we will be moving to a text-only submission state next week. You're not my supervisor!!! (this is a really bad idea)
&gt;GUIs suck unix graybeard!!!1 &gt; SSH Holy shit. Go figure Microsoft would mess that one up. That makes me sad. &gt;Sadly, as an interactive user interface PowerShell has nothing interesting to offer me. But it's a shell, not a user interface really ... To be quite honest, you should just use Windows 10, install Bash for Windows, get tmux, ssh to your home boxes &amp; be happy with whatever it is you are doing. Or just dump Windows all together if you're already there complaining UI sucks &amp; all .
&gt; The command names are SuperVerbose-InterCapitalized because they're meant to be readable in a script, not committed to muscle memory and breathed through the keyboard like the awk and grep and cat phonetics of the more extemporaneous Unix shell. That doesn't really mean anything though, you can do tab completion of the commands, the switches &amp; the concise help is a lot better along with ability to invoke online help. &gt;By contrast, bash is easy to use and compose small tasks in but it's not syntactically the best scripting language, by far. I don't necessarily agree. You have to poke pretty hard to understand the meaning of special variables in bash if you're scripting or coding.
&gt;I think you may be on to something /r/rudeturnip He's a human, not a subreddit. So you'd do /u/RudeTurnip
&gt; Tl;Dr: this man has no fucking clue &amp; he's about to start taking money out of cops' paychecks. Its gonna be a hell of a ride. About time they become 'one of us' instead of a constant 'them vs us' mentality
jesus. middle of nowhere.
&gt; Walia Ethiopian Restaurant in South Orange has got fantastic prices, a great staff and the place is really nice. Ethiopian is an underrated cuisine, especially for a date night. It's fun to rip off the pieces of injera and eat with your fingers. there's an Ethiopian food place around here?
The problem I see is, it's the same issue with users, desktops, servers, or even Sysadmins. In my case, I deal with some funky issues that occur once I hit anywhere from 60 to 100 days of uptime on a Windows 10 box using mostly just Firefox. But if you include all the tabs I have open via Tab Groups? There are probably a hundred, at least. Thankfully there's ways to set firefox to not activate every tab, but rebooting is a pain in the ass. Who wants to do that? And yeah, there's this whole idea that doing *this other complex process* is somehow *better*. I had someone the other day, upset they couldn't RDP to their server. The dude is like "Oh, nothing is installed on that server, you guys can reinstall it if it doesn't work" ... so I calm tell him: *I can RDP to it from here. There's nothing wrong with the server. Do you have another machine you can try it from?* "Yeah, several. I'm a blah blah blah with yadda yadda experience" *Please try one of those computers. Lets try my way first &amp; if it doesn't work, we'll do what you want. But try another PC. Try another browser. Maybe even try another network* A few minutes later, the ticket gets updated saying he was able to access the server after rebooting. *Sigh*
You're kind of attacking this wrong. For as many PuTTY windows you have open, you should really have a Linux jumpbox where you can have tmux running all the time. Short of that, maybe see if you can install mosh on those remote servers you are connecting to
Just get LinuxAcademy &amp; call it done...? Why reinvent the wheel?
Technically they already do this by virtue of filtered search results based on your preferences, cookies, bookmarks, search history, etc. You are being filtered just like you filter ads.
Is this meetup necessary? I mean, isn't there a LOPSA NYC? And for security folks, NYSEC? This is pretty excessive...
pro-tip: you don't have to be a member to attend those meetings. another pro-tip: some seriously large &amp; in charge Sysadmins go to some of those meetups &amp; have cool stories to tell. *shrug*
Who was responsible for running it? Ouch. I think LOPSA-NJ is dying slowly (literally &amp; figuratively). With the passing of John Boris, I think we're a little frenzied. It just sucks. I didn't know him that well, but I can for once in my life say someone I knew passed away. I'm not sure how to process that information. Dude was wicked smart.
That's my job :(
That's pretty stupid
Not so much serious as much as a standard upgrade on a machine that is outside, in public view or easily accessible that doesn't have a camera on it. Tubular can be picked. At least with this you have that lock. The rest depends on if you have RFID installed on the cabinet or not.
something something hi hux
&gt;VeraCrypt is user unfriendly How so? I thought there weren't many changes between TC &amp; VC. &gt;Unlocking seems stuck What type of hardware are you running this on exactly? &gt;no good alternative because ''free'' open source software just doesn't have the same sort of manpower behind paid for software. There are some projects out there that can do well, but not many. There's also an issue of a Microsoft vs an Open Source ecosystem. I imagine with time, VeraCrypt will improve. I'm not sure why anyone would stop using TC 7.1 though.
We have no baseline for you, so how can we recommend what's helpful? I suggest starting with CompTIA's Server+ or Storage+ syllabus on their site. Look through the terms, concepts &amp; ideas that would be on their exam as if you were to take the exam for a certification. After that, what of those terms doesn't make sense to you? What do you want to learn? Do you want to learn storage in the sense of old school technology that's been around for a long time like SANs, or the new hotness like ceph? What's your goal? After that, we can provide actual resources &amp; guidance.
&gt;spark any topics of Interest well, did you have a topic in mind? Have you seen our past talks? Do you know any of our members? I don't feel this is a fair assessment of a meetup, especially if you haven't been. &gt;Nothing great for small/med Our life blood is small/medium Sysadmins... &gt;Hated design layout of main/meetup pages There are only so many ways that you can layout a page on the meetup platform. We unfortunately don't have control of the primary domain name due to ... reasons, otherwise, we'd have an actual website. &gt;barely any activity We've been around for years. LOPSA-NJ is basically the originally chapter of LOPSA/it was founded here &gt;LOPSA-East 2016 ... interest No. Can't really get into it, but there were bigger reasons than that.
&gt;Topics in mind would be setting up clusters, sccm, mdt, wds, basic level CCNA stuff so you know about ACLs or to enable a vlan on a port, MDM solutions, access points, access control systems with video and rfid cards, configging zabbix or nagios, maybe something advanced in HyperV or ESXi. I never used Citrix. I'd be interested in seeing that setup from scratch. I think these are topics that are slightly basic given some of the experience level of our *current* makeup, but that doesn't mean you can't show up &amp; give a talk on those things if that's what your interested in. I think, a lot of your points are better left for a one on one discussion &amp; I think you might be interested in a slightly different meetup, but, to the rest of your points: &gt;Present, not past That's fine, but you'll probably find that we're very in the present given our topics -- Sysadmin architecture is more than just standing up servers these days. &gt;LOPSA.org Unfortunately I can't really speak to this, as I don't know who designs it. It's a frustration of mine too, but believe me, it's come a long way. &gt;lopsanj.org I can't do anything about that, the person who owned that domain left LOPSA-NJ &amp; took it with him, as far as I know. &gt;Transparency Maybe we can meet in person &amp; discuss this some time since you're so keen on knowing more about it. I mean, I think you should just get involved in whatever you see fit &amp; be the changes that you want to see, within reason. I haven't been to a Princeton Tech meetup due to time -- what topics do they generally cover? I feel like any time that I saw a meetup in that general area, I avoided it because driving in Princeton sucks &amp; they were heavy DevOps. *shrug* I started on my own meetup out of frustration. Hmm...
https://www.meetup.com/Central-Jersey-Infosec-Meetup Just don't try to go to our main website (which hopefully doesn't show up at the moment) because I just broke it... :)
You **don't** want to move away from it, there's no reason to.
&gt;Maybe they should have listened to their customers then. I don't know of many SysAdmins that like/want/or need systemd - it's all being pushed by code monkeys, not the people who actually keep the systems running. You'll learn as I'm learning .... those code monkies are going to put you out of a job. They're going to grow things as a micro service, an architecture, a mini-Google/Facebook/whatever. They don't need you anymore, you're just getting in the way. They'll code around you. Their systems will keep running &amp; they'll keep scaling up &amp; up &amp; up &amp; up. They *may* get to a point where that's not sustainable but that's unlikely. I used to think the whole coding / DevOps thing was a fad, but Sysadmins are really being pushed out in droves if you can't program *at all*. I'm fucked, too, no worries.
The reality is providers don't care what you do as long as you aren't doing things that are against their TOS, AUP, etc. If they have a strict "don't scan" policy &amp; someone gets on your malware box &amp; starts scanning IPs that trigger a e-mail, e.g. Columbia University CSIRT -- then expect to get an e-mail asking why you are scanning &amp; to cut it out.
Whom is doing it right &amp; what tool chains would you use?
Not sure I see your point. All three of those are great tools. Combined in the hands of a power user, forget it.
Which means... They're all here to stay. You didn't really have a point other than coming up for a reason to say Linux
Have you seen the internal arguments about what questions are valid in Stack Overflow vs Stack Exchange ? Meta trolls for sure.
get rekeyable locks
when in a very rare mood, I make [wallpapers](https://twitter.com/darksim905/status/819449467644628992)
polymath much? &gt;Robot Building ADOPT ME
that networking thread is hilarious at how wrong it is.
They are **not** enterprise whatsoever. They are like, small, med biz &amp; prosumer devices.
Photos would help this post so much
This post feels sketchy
Well, it just felt weird like a "it fell off the truck" sort of thing, as if someone was asking what it was for &amp; playing as if they knew nothing about it, haha.
Hi Smith, I'm Lock! Nice to meet you!
--&gt; twitter.com/SwiftCop &lt;--
Amazing that this has gotten so many upvotes. Note that this isn't a complete subsystem, so there's shit that's broken/won't work right. Going to sniff packets or do something that is going to open an existing network port to do fucky things? Probably won't work. Relies on dbus subsystem? Won't work. Something more modern or up to date? You can use Arch as a replacement for the Ubuntu sub-system. I wouldn't recommend this, however. And yes, you can install full blown X applications on the Ubuntu side &amp; pipe them to to Xming. It works great. It's amazing how many errors GUI applications send to the console, so I'd recommend invoking nohup &amp; sending all that error shit to a log or something, combined with disown so you can close the console window. And yes, you can invoke Linux binaries from Powershell/cmd by invoking the bash/linux subsystem first. Great stuff. People don't realize the potential, or care, though unless you're a very hardcore person who likes to tinker. It's a little confusing though. We have this, and yet, now you can run Docker on Windows. TIMES ARE CHANGING.
VB is a lot simpler &amp; if you've been using windows since the dawn of time to do advanced WMI manipulation &amp; fancy stuff, it's still easier. Plus it doesn't matter these days. Who cares when you can drop into .NET whenever you want?
I'd argue it's important but not the most important (especially with a DevOps flair like you have) -- understanding coreutils &amp; what is actually happening with said scripts, is fair more important. Without that, scripts die, struggle to be made, or die tryin'
So, when doing a whole building like this... is there like, a system? Are you using software to aid you at this point with one of those Keedex jigs to key multiple locks at once? When you're working with someone, do you have them just do one task to all locks/cylinders to be as efficient as possible?
I'm on that update. If you install xfce4 &amp; you try to pull up network manage -&gt; statistics, tell me what you get. I'll be impressed if you see anything. I forgot what else I was playing with, but stuff is still broken &amp; they're fully aware. also, USB mice are totally broken. (well, not broken, just not auto-detected/auto configured) -- I can get my 5 button mouse, the side buttons to be detected when I run xfce4. However, if I just run that udev testing tool standalone, it only detects the left &amp; right mouse clicks. It's really awkward/inconsistent. If you try to install Docker, I *think* it fails? I don't recall. Something about sockets/system bus when I tried to do something. I don't recall. In theory if you really wanted to be ballsy you could replace the explorer shell with a script that invokes xfce4 so you're running Linux with no other window system in your way. Run Nginx or (insert web app thing here) &amp; access it from Windows 10 for exploit development/testing? HECK YEAH I have not however, tried Arch. As I used this daily for my work, I can't be bothered to wipe the whole thing away. For the little things I used it for &amp; for daily administering of Linux servers (since you're using just SSH, really) it's wonderful. Not having to deal with Cygwin &amp; telling people to stop recommending that junk? **HECK YES** What? Excuse me? Invoking Firefox in Ubuntu to greatly decrease my attack surface &amp; having it load/show up on Windows? **HECK YES** I'm amazed someone hasn't ported Kali Linux to the "Linux Subsystem" framework yet.
I just brought one from Home Depot. They had a deal where you could get another tool or pack of batteries free, so I went for it. Seems to work well for the little I've used it thus far. It's either that, DeWalt (locksmith fav apparently!) or Milwaukee Tool. MT is a brand favored by mechanics quite a bit, so that's a solid bet.
How long have you been a locksmith? In that time, what brands have you used &amp; what do you like about them? People say stuff like this, but I'd love to see a comparison of what's inside those drills to see which are made of a better quality versus not. I don't really think it's fair to call your peers terrible with their hands if they aren't able to discern between good or bad tools, or incompetent.
Responses like that make me not want to get involved in locksmith work further.
&gt;small businesses as Windows specialists. Since when are Universities, Financial Institutions, global corporations &amp; other large entities online like Stack Exchange/Google ... "small"?
N.Y. wasn't grandfathered in.
&gt;Klein multimeters that just stop working out of the box? Yes. Ouch, that sucks to have a dud there. I thought Klein was known for their tools in the networking realm &amp; for basic electricity stuff. &gt;it doesn't make sense to use unreliable tools and frankly, anyone that knows which tools suck and which tools don't, will instantly think worse of you if you use crappy tools. What brands *would* you recommend that serve you well? Thankfully I'm just a hobbyist at the moment but I'd like to know what people use &amp; why so I'm prepared when I need to be taken seriously.
So, how did you get involved in this out of curiosity?
Do you count as an 'extra' or someone a little more important if you're in a scene where your face is somewhat clearly shown? Do the calls take up a lot of time if you had a full time job? PM me.
People actually want to live or even be around Hoboken? I drove through there once as a passenger in someone's car &amp; I wanted to get out as soon as possible. It's like a crappier, not as nice Red Bank. It tries to be architectures like NYC as far as grids &amp; fails, hard.
This is interesting considering how many rules the cops have internally regarding disciplinary action.
Could you go into more detail? I always considered the tri-state area, NYC &amp; the surrounding states to be a lot more accepting, well educated &amp; progressive in general regarding a lot of the issues that people speak of in other states. We're a melting pot now a days, but was it really that bad? :\
the day all IDs are checked because of RealID
my neck hurts viewing this
I'll keep that in mind next time I'm there.
&gt;Chuck's dragging their name through the mud. But it's not Chuck's fault his *dad* spent his *entire trust* on a deal that Chuck capitalized on in his own way. How is that dragging *their name* through the mud? it's Sr.'s fault &amp; his fault alone. All those old folks can get their panties in a twist, but in the end, it doesn't matter; they're going to get their money back one way or another when the stock rebounds
I'd rather they choose the gender that she was born with. It would've been a lot more powerful to have a woman in that role than some non-binary person who flip flops to have it suit their mind, not to mention the fact all the typical "non-binary" issues apply: "OH I DONT KNOW IF I CAN BOARD A PLANE, THE CARBON DAMAGE"
You need to contact your VAR &amp; ask for a list of all the licenses you have, where they were installed, the install time, the machine names, MAC address &amp; IP address information. All of that can be polled &amp; all that information is provided when requested. The infringement letter is bullshit. If it's from Solidworks directly, then your VAR isn't doing their job, or, more realistically, your company is doing shady shit. Legally as far as licensing, you're allowed an allotment of one install on a ''desktop'' PC and one install on a ''laptop'' machine per license, so two activations. You won't be able to do a third until you tell your VAR which one you wanted de-activated from where. If you find that a key has been compromised, that's on you &amp; you have to notify your VAR. After you've figured it out, let Solidworks know &amp; this goes away. Done deal.
Ugh, not this. The software doesn't phone home, it just checks in to an activation server at install time. Do you *really* think they wouldn't have a license check like every other company at install time? You are okay with breaking the law to pirate this software? Good for you.
So, I use the Linux Subsystem for Windows 10 daily, and I prefer people call it that (because you can replace Ubuntu with Arch. I assume you can do the same using other distros) * The CPU/memory usage is almost non existant. Remember, you're just running a commandline at the end of the day... * Yes, or at the very least, most of those commands should work. * I don't recall. You may need to run it as Administrator, and if you don't, you may need to invoke yourself as root. Not that it matters if the Linux Subsystem is invoked as Administrator, though. You can still wipe out the Windows filesystem from the Linux side. * I don't think so. The Linux side isn't that great with hardware detection / that is almost non-existant. I had mouse issues / would have to finish setting up a proper xorg configuration for xfce4 for my 5 button mouse. Don't expect serial devices to show up.
No to either of these. Cutaways are for viewing only.
Yes to all of the above (kidding) I can't imagine that someone who has a dealer cutaway set, for example, would appreciate someone sticking their tools in it. The goal isn't to pick with cutaways, the goal is to show the general concept. So although using a tool to show what's going on is fine, full blown picking is not. I've dropped &amp; had many attendees drop pins as a result of picking cutaways. It just isn't worth it. :-)
Chambers for construction core balls
&gt;this is the response we got &gt;AllNine Now I'm upset. NOT OKAY. (Hey, how've you been fam? We missed you this year...)
uh, English?
Well, Zamac is also what some cosmetic tips are made out of, too. So there's that.
Do you run this org or do you help people with physical security? What are you looking for, just additional information to flesh out this article?
Holy shit holy shit not cool I hope everyone's okay :( well...documentation + a lawsuit may help later on...? :0
That's a bypass. You didn't open the lock. You didn't stump Bosnian Bill. Do not pass go. Do not collect $200.
Well, are you logging on to an external website that is just showing the feed or internal?
So this is one of those "there's not enough information" to be helpful in your post. There's two different, distinct issues here: * The quality, construction &amp; features of the safe itself * The quality, construction &amp; features of the safe *lock* itself Those two things are not the same. If you have a huge safe, but a shitty lock/dial, or the safe has a shitty door that can be drilled, then it's all useless. What's the safe protecting? I'm not sure why your budget is low, but I guess prices on safes vary these says. I've only heard good things about AMSEC safes. As far as the actual lock dials &amp; what's installed, if you trust electronic keypad/pinpads, you can go that route, but I wouldn't trust them. If you are balls to the wall, I'd look for S&amp;G dials that have a ghost ring. Those things are wonderful. Comparable lock dials would be big red. They are made in China but they are apparently up to snuff with S&amp;G except for not having the same wheels.
Pictures would help :]
Regarding one of your spoilers, it's apparent you either didn't watch Batman vs Superman or don't realize films take from prior works of art. They had to show the progression of her abilities in BvS in *some* form.
&lt;-- /r/homelab is that way But I've heard some good things about getting some Intel NUCs, pop in an SSD, gobs of memory, setting up Linux &amp; KVM &amp; rocking &amp; rolling till the end of time. THE END OF TIME DAWG.
Curious, is there a reason why you have a negative attitude towards /r/homelab? I've love to hear you out :-)
/r/homelab
I could see how some of that looks, however, I welcome you back happily. If you could point out specific examples that left a bad taste in your mouth, DM me. I'd love to try &amp; address it. To your point more broadly, I can see how that can be an issue. There's a point at which, some of them have been doing this professionally &amp; do it at home, too -- and take it a little too far. You'll realize some of those folks are *probably* consultants on the very high end of the spectrum as far as salary, skills &amp; knowledge/enthusiasm. They may work on high end storage systems, be a little older &amp; possibly very jaded. So they'll try to throw shade that your homelab is Little Tikes compared to their fine ass Bentley. Admittedly I'm far removed from most of the day to day, the SR really runs itself. But I'd appreciate any notice of issues or things that leave a bad taste in your mouth. Give us a second chance. I'd also highly recommend getting involved in the Discord chat, if you haven't. I promise, the SR is just people who really care about what they do &amp; take passion in it, that's all. If you can realize that &amp; still make friends/get involved despite being given a hard time once in a while about something, I'm sure it'll turn out fine. On a long enough curve, all hobbies &amp; interests, everyone becomes the equivalent of mechanics over on /r/Justrolledintotheshop -- jaded, in the trade/industry for so long they've seen everything, elitist in some ways, outwardly hating of ''everything'', even the things they like that meet all their requirements as a professional except the tools that make them their bread &amp; butter. If you can realize that, everything else becomes much easier in life. Cheers, man.
I literally don't see how this will help wait times considering how many people are in this state. There must be other shit in this bill
Goodluck, but I'll tell you that this is impossible/very difficult. You'll have to hunt &amp; peck on the side of the road, eBay and/or Craigslist. You'll find that depending on the age (we're talking 10 years old) if a car is taken care of/in immaculate condition by someone cares about the brand, you're looking at $4k-$5k at least. It's also very rare for a car that age to such few miles. What area are you in? Heh.
&gt;Criminal Justice Grad, never covered court law wut &gt;the ticket but the interesting thing is that the ticket was not 54 but 106 plus court costs, adding total of $139, This is an interesting thing to nitpick about considering how often you allegedly have been ticketed over the years, especially the fact you know the cost of the ticket by heart. &gt;I'm not complaining I'm curious on the legal status of such a move by the court. but you are. what are you looking to gain/learn? Look up the statutes &amp; see what the costs are of these infractions. It may vary from county to county, city to city. Call &amp; ask. If you have all this background, none of this should be difficult, scary or awkward for you.
how the fuck did you get a mail in renewal?
i almost rage quit Reddit from that Seinfeld music - I hate that song so much &amp; the show was painful. but anyway. yeah, if she sues, she'll lose. it's like she fell multiple stories or anything.
If she's legally blind, there's a high likelihood she could win. It could also go the other way that, as part of fact finding that they'll be like "lol you have some pre-existing condition &amp; you planned this get out"
I can share that I found a vehicle but I was probably a bit more desperate than you &amp; didn't care if it was unsound or not. I spent $2k on a car with 220k miles. It still drives fairly well except for some issues that I'm uncomfortable with. This is also only my 3rd car &amp; my first used (e.g. I'm the 4th owner, used) vehicle, so it doesn't feel like it's mine. A car in that sort of price range is either going to be junk, but you can't afford anything else so you go for it &amp; hope it doesn't die, or it's going to be a good thing in disguise. What area of North Jersey? That's kind of ... vague.
Could you explain what sort of work or mechanic trouble(s) you had? Did you take the car to someone you trusted?
I don't, out of fear =(
You're right, I literally don't see the difference. Know why? Because humans are idiots, myself included. Nobody says you *have* to renew your license on a specific date or go the last day or day before. Same thing with registration. This is a cute law but I'll be amazed if it makes much of a difference, if any.
Not often: they usually give you enough shitty tools to determine if it's worth going. Check their cameras. Are there lines of people? Don't go. Is there nobody there? Go. Why the *fuck* we can't do half the shit online, in particular license renewal? No idea. But apparently it varies on the color of your skin.
Reading your post makes me sad. I hope you find a better car. I recommend learning more about cars so you can be more comfortable with the next car you have &amp; hope that you perform plenty of research on the next (good, average, or lame) car you buy. There are some things I've written up &amp; suggestions [I have here](https://darksim905.com/blog/index.php/2017/03/18/expanded-thoughts-automotive-stuff/)
Yeah, but renewal by mail is basically assigned at random, if I recall. I've never gotten that in New Jersey. Lucky :(
Those numbers are one &amp; the same
The revision number doesn't matter. The build number does. http://i.imgur.com/zztHzXZ.png
It was a joke, but hey, apparently people are way too sensitive. Whatever
Those books are more geared for people who want to learn low level Windows stuff &amp; how applications work, kind of like the Windows equivalent to hunting malware, understanding how apps work &amp; using tools like lsof, maybe even gdb. It all depends what you're trying to do in Windows, to be honest. Typical Sysadmin stuff? Stick the Microsoft cert/training books. I also really really liked Server 2008R2 secrets by Orin Thomas. He explained every role in Windows really really really well. I don't think he's released any newer editions, though.
Hmm. Point taken. This may be more your speeds, but you'll have to do extra parsing now :( https://techjourney.net/how-to-get-actual-build-and-revision-number-of-windows-or-windows-server-installed/
So, is there a 101 talk that covers what you just described + more?
Central NJ InfoSec , if you can make it we'd love to have you :)
There are tons of apps out there for this
Any leaks? Fluid getting where it needs to go? Try clearing the spray jets/nozzles with a thumb tack?
He may mean submissive sexually
Maybe idolize it but those who know me know of some hacker relationships of some wonderful people I know. Ideally, I'd like something similar. Someone who can keep up with me or who is better than me &amp; helps me grow. A team, real partner. Someone who is equally aggressive at times of need, can get shit done &amp; acts like one of the guys.
Unfortunately I commented too soon &amp; this dude wants to straight up dominate all the things. Probably looks up to Wags from Billions.
I feel like my description was a bit too vague, so I'll expand, with some background/context: * My first relationship was with a driven, slightly older, sexually skilled Korean. She was driven, intelligent &amp; cared for me as a human being. She wanted me to grow &amp; saw weakness in me that other people ignored, or may not have really paid attention to, as it was just part of my personality. * My second relationship was with someone who was a bit younger than me, a bit geeker/had interests *slightly* similar to mine &amp; enjoyed learning from me from time to time. * The missing link between these two ins someone who is into technology *to some extent* like I am. A lot of people say "Well, why would you want a carbon copy of yourself?" Isn't about that, it's being able to relate, for me. If I could mix the things I enjoyed from both of those relationships, with a combination of someone who was on my level/beyond me -- I'd be set. I'm one not to settle, at this point, heh.
Legally? No. Technically in the eyes of the officers who have their own rules internally? Yes. This will be absolutely fascinating to see how this plays out &amp; what happens as, she's going to totally fucking win. I'll be AMAZED if she doesn't win.
I said this in a lockpicking competition once. Made my whole day.
UnitedLocksmith is...well...*different*
Most people probably prefer plaintext, or a PDF with a warning. Google drive also works.
Was this one of the do-overs, by chance re:audio? :) Got any good videos on BEST systems? :0
&gt;The vehicle needs to stay titled with that relative lolwut. NJ doesn't care :)
Mta? What are you smoking? That and the cache functionality are extra code / modules
Oh my gawd
I hope that isn't your project, at least. Because &gt;(only needs PHP5 w/SQLite pdo makes me want to slap someone. The world is on PHP7.
YSK that x64 versions of Firefox are not ideal. Not all plugins work on the x64 version. However, performance can be greatly improved overall with many tabs, so there's that.
&gt;remote control vibrators are a thing...most online sex shops will have them. security tho :(
Is a pain to get an account at IMLSS?
Ask The Keyhole Surgeon on Twitter :]
As I'm new to commercial hardware, I have a dumb question. If you're able to get to the back of the lock (e.g. at a site that has all the doors open for a gut), do you need a tool like this? I have a situation where a whole building has no keys &amp; there's potential that I can get some cylinders, however, I'd be removing the entire lock assembly. Will this be an issue at all as I'm taking the whole thing?
(How's the shop situation? I sent you a message the other day) Do you actually need this tool or can you use a shrum tool?
ELI5 these TL rating things
Is there any recommended reading on UL/TL standards that an apprentice should know about?
Shhh-Layy-Guh
Damn. I'm a Sysadmin &amp; I'm learning more &amp; more slower &amp; slower we're on the bottom of the barrel, help-desk equivalent compared to all these rockstar Infosec folks. The problem I have is it's so easy to get burned out &amp; get to a point where you just don't care. At all. Ever again. About much of anything. That's the boat I'm trying to waddle out of. My last job, I was burned out &amp; it sort of just continued to where I am currently. Sorry for the rant. Your post made me think of that while I sit here, at work...
5 click turn signal? QUE ES ESTE?!
I feel like I've seen you recommend this app *multiple times*
&gt;Jetta &gt;APR tune wat
* Failed oil cooler, or some other issue * Not changing the coolant *ever* in the vehicle * Mixing coolant types or using the wrong coolant * Is it something to worry about? If the car drives still &amp; isn't exploding every time you turn it on, ... maybe? Not really? Depends on your budget?
I'm going to go with everyone else ... &gt;And?
I don't know how that internal calculation is done but I wouldn't worry about it. Probably figured in 28 days time you'll have gone at least 7k miles, which is right around when oil starts to not be awesome.
The previous owner fucked it &amp; left it for dead
Great stuff Jimmmmmmy :)
Thanks so much!
The dominatrix in that club.
Maybe we can talk about your work flow one day. I heard through the grapevine you opened some locks that my TOOOL peers struggled with at a conference recently :)
&gt;million different system huh. the only one I've ever heard of worth it's salt is ABRITES. otherwise, goodluck.
It depends on the system to be honest
They want $1k too much but it's still worth it as long as it's a 2.0L BEV
I miss mine :(
Before the low fuel light came on? With or without cruise control? I'm skeptical :D
Willtheyfit.com
No
GM, VW &amp; BMW all have their own 'oil health' / oil life management system(s) &amp; they each behave differently. Some count the miles, some do miles + possibly measuring the oil in some way. Generally these systems are set to go off anywhere between 6k to 10k miles depending on how you drive. From everyone I've talked to from GM land, live by the OLM, die by the OLM. Everyone trusts it &amp; majority of people don't have issues. On the other hand, supposedly a lot of BMWs don't even have dipsticks for the oil anymore &amp; their sensors for the oil fail often, causing expensive repairs... So, do with that what you will, as they say.
Judging by what you've shared with me in the past, this is going to be amazing. My talk wasn't accepted so I won't be there this year, but one day, we'll meet. Honest.
Even if you don't find a group near you, I highly recommend finding people who are at the very least, like minded to make [starting a TOOOL chapter even easier](http://toool.us/meetings.html#starting). Many tech minded folks are into lockpicking &amp; they may feel the same way you do. Network with them &amp; see if you can start meetup of sorts!
Not to thread jack, but this thread may also be useful to people: https://mobile.twitter.com/darksim905/status/772527387602984960 /u/DCquestions_tosser
In fairness I doubt he knew his *dad* would piss away so much of his money on his behalf.
Finally? This has been the case since their inception. Hackers have always flown with picks.
You could request others be moderator. I've politely complained &amp; requested I help out &amp; been actively denied.
Are...Are you a doctor?
150k for a network dude? Did this guy write IOS? Damn
So, I've never heard of that information before. Where would someone look that up to determine/figure that out?
That's California though. CA is it's own little bubble :)
&gt; (50k) Especially for where you are &amp; your experience, you're doing fine. Just look elsewhere. Now if you're burned out so bad that you don't think you'd garner any joy working anywhere, I don't know what to say. Moving may be in order, although that's not an option for a lot of people.
Daily life? Nothing has really changed: Work, eat &amp; sleep. I'll notice some locks if they are particularly unique, challenging, expensive or something of that sort. But in general, my days are no different. Once in a while I may take a trip around a building to check out an elevator or see what doors are unlocked in a facility but that's about it.
You may enjoy this as well: https://twitter.com/darksim905/status/824867809997922308
All except cat person. I love dogs quite a bit more :)
This is wonderful. Solidworks modeling?
Microsoft, what the fuck are you doing?
I keep forgetting that /r/networking exists &amp; get elated when I see content of this type/quality on this sub-reddit. Really cool stuff, mostly because BGP is (somewhat) largely a mystery to me past a certain point. :)
You keep saying that. But at what cost? If you found a job paying you 2x or 3x what you're currently making, is it worth it then? What are you going to school for &amp; are you even going to be doing that when you're out of school?
*per day*?
screw the cheese, I want to know where to get that 'hot' sauce
What? I never have issues asking for extra cheese any time I go in. If it was *actually expensive* compared to something like Guac, they'd charge for it.
Yeah but let's be honest. If you work at Chipotle, you're someone who believes in the brand, what they stand for/are about, get some perks that are unrealized at first (I didn't know till treading enough threads they offer tuition reimbursement and cheap AF food for staff) ... so those things alone, make you want to support the brand. Taco Bell ... well, do you get any perks like that? I think, the reason why some of you are so happy over there is, you're selling Taco Bell &amp; not eating it. I love me some Taco Bell, but not so much later :)
Then they should either demand/adopt a chip &amp; pin system instead of chip &amp; sig and/or get the latest systems that are out there.
Is it actually that expensive to live there? o_O
We may forget that, but there's quite a bit of disillusion when you go to conferences every few months &amp; see your peers working on amazing stuff. It can seem unfair.
is anything planned there or is it just defunct &amp; nobody can afford that area?
They don't need a warrant to search your car
Beats minimum wage for a lot of people.
this is laughable, at best.
[no &amp; no](http://www.nj.com/politics/index.ssf/2015/09/nj_supreme_court_expands_police_discretion_in_warr.html)
I would imagine that after they are all collected, if there are any recent guns in great condition, LEOs will keep them for themselves. The rest go literally straight to be smelted down.
to the top with you!
I got dinner with close friends after work &amp; then I spent maybe 5 minutes with family to watch the ball drop so I wouldn't get into a fight. Then I went to my room, finished watching Wormwood &amp; went to bed after spending a lot of time finding &amp; reading relevant PDFs.
In my gut, things like these always reek of the family not understanding the young one.
and yet, I'm getting downvotes out the ass :)
Anywhere one can read more about this?
Do you feel it works?
you cut it too soon :\
This is correct
why, the katering show is the perfect humor for myself https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=J55vgxNaaBY
Wow, this is fucking horrifying.
[Norman doors](https://www.vox.com/2016/2/26/11120236/bad-doors-human-centered-design) have always fascinated me.
If you can't see the point of increasing longevity of a bulb by turning the main headlight off when turning it on, Lord help you. I've heard it saves consumes quite a bit of money of money on turn signals.
1500iD speed dial
I'm not sure why anyone wouldn't do this, it makes sense, especially if the fat didn't render for some reason or get soft during the cook.
It's **melting!** I'm just kidding, I have no idea. I've heard the Polyscience is a lot more powerful than the Anova, so I imagine this is a regular occurrence. There's literally nothing on this, so you might want to ask where-ever you brought it.
The concept of letting steak rest isn't necessary with sous vide. The only reason you'd do this is for presentation purposes &amp; to not have 'juices' come out of your steak when you first cut into it. By the time it's ready to be served, you shouldn't have any issues. Steaks don't 'dry out' unless you're searing them with a searzall.
greased ... *with what*? :)
how long of a sear? Nice!
That looks medium / perfect, in my opinion. If that's too high or ruined, I don't know bro. If the texture is completely soft &amp; juicy, what's the issue? Heh.
&gt;Nest Protect I thought they stopped selling these heaps of garbage?
I recommend reading this: https://gekk.info/articles/iot.html
~~Really cool name~~ Any coin that starts with Bitcoin is going to have instant value++ Then from there, any coin that looks like it doesn't have just intrinsic value &amp; actually has a function, like eth's smart contract, is going to matter more than anything else.
Unfortunately people think self sacrifice like this would lead to bigger success in their existing company in the long run. If people stayed at companies for 20 or 30 years and if loyalty were still a thing, this might be the case. These days, especially in IT, we hop jobs every few years, or just get bored fast. Sacrifice like this isn't worth it unless it's done out of necessity (e.g. you're one of the only people on staff that does X). There's no real explanation otherwise other than 'Oh, if I show that I'm a hard worker, I might get a raise or a bonus at the end of the year!'
Paul, In general, do you notice this thread where you are, as well?
Needs to work on your sound leveling in videos.
I liked the format of the video, the music, the fact you defined Kobe correctly for everyone &amp; of course, Homer in the beginning. Need more Homer.
You try pumping your own gas when it's 5 degrees outside like it is today. Fuck that shit. These people get paid to deal with shit weather. Yeah, it's not great pay, but to some of them it beats working at McD's or somewhere else. If they get rid of these jobs, I'm unsure if it would be a good or bad thing. The companies would save a decent amount of money, but there would be chaos at pumps because of all the people that don't know how to pump their own gas. Having attendants creates it's own sense of order. Sure, some dude will come up in here &amp; say he was sick of waiting for someone to service them because someone got distracted or backed up with customers, but if you're *that busy* in life that you can't wait a few seconds, you may have other problems.
You're putting a lot of faith in humans, my friend. If you live in Jersey, cool, but to be honest, after seeing the way people drive &amp; how they act in general when they think there's a snow storm coming, I don't trust them to pump their own gas &amp; queue properly into a gas station.
People in New Jersey have no patience &amp; get annoyed. They cut people off/think it's their turn when it's not. They keep talking &amp; don't pay attention when things are going on around them. Even small, minor disasters here become a big deal because people panic &amp; freak out. No, I don't trust people around here.
&gt; b) Register a company and get ASN and /24 subnet (more work and cost, but most flexibility, my dream setup) hah, 'do this thing that nobody has money to do in their right mind for fun'
Mac, is the law &amp; locksmithing and that pinpoints booklet have any useful value / did you find anything useful in there?
Apparently that's too expensive for risk averse crowd. (How the Anova is too expensive, I'll never know. If you can afford a crock pot, you can afford this thing by skipping a few bad fast food meals). Besides, you're ruining the hacker spirit!
I recognize you ;)
For some reason, a lot of people either transplant to somewhere in PA (Pittsburgh), NY (NYC/Manhattan), Virginia (Harrisonburg) or Florida. *shrug*
Why is she taking injections so frequently? The half life of Humira is like, 10 to 20 days. Should be taking it once a month...
Uh, what?
People get killed over this shit, you serious? I generally am not fond of LEOs but this is pretty impressive, I won't knock them if it prevents people from doing drugs that are harmful. But you do you :)
Are we completely forgetting the episode where Dr. Bogdan Krilov shows up &amp; says he knows how she got that scar/injury? Are we now not believe that's true &amp; saying that was retconned? Since when?
jesus lord that looks almost *blue*
If you're making ~$130k &amp; only paying $2,500 a month, that's about in line relative to what you're making. I'm not sure what the issue is. At that kind of salary with maybe a mid level job of sorts with possibly room for growth, that's not that big of a deal, is it? I'm a little amazed about the 2 hour commute, though. It's 2018, don't y'all work remote out there in startup land?
DevOps is several things, as far as I know: * In a larger company that developers software or has programmers, the Dev folks develop software &amp; Ops (Sysadmins) manage it. DevOps is that cohesion of the two teams * In smaller orgs, you might have something different, where Dev has taken over Ops in a way. In some orgs, I've experienced where Devs hold all the power &amp; do all the Ops work, and Ops does basic ticket bitch work. It can vary &amp; I'm sure people will come out of the wood work with their different opinions. It's just annoying to have people call themselves SREs &amp; such when they know some Python but don't know how IOPS works.
I don't really cook, so forgive the dumb questions, but I saw an infomerical for the pressure cooker XL , is it worth it for something like that? When researching these magical pressure cookers, it looks like it's a coin toss on if you get a good product or not. In addition, it seems like replacing the seals can be tedious depending on the size. Is there anything unique to pressure cookers that you'd have to keep in mind that differs from sous vide other than food + pressure = goodness in less time?
I've been an observer to steaks done sous vide. I'm of the personal opinion I don't know why anyone would eat a raw steak at ~129 degrees, but that's just me. On average when I do it with friends, we cook them for about 1.5 hours to 2 hours. Any issues so far have always been the quality of the meat. That, or, if you felt underwhelmed, you'll have to work on your searing technique. As it's your first time, you'll probably see a lot of people recommending you rest the steak, or leave it out in a pan in a kitchen like you normally would. You don't need to do any of these things.
What type of container are you using presently? I've seen a lot of people recommend plastic containers, with some people using essentially flexi-wrap that you'd use in a home, around the plastic container to alleviate these issues. The rest of my friends use a cooler with a hole-saw cut in the top. The anova fits in, fill with water, enjoy noms.
* An immersion circulator - the most popular is the Anova. A cheaper brand is Monoprice that may break. A more expensive version is the Joule. A ghetto version is taking a crockpot &amp; tying a cheap temperature controlling to it, although I don't recommend this. * A container for water, commonly referred to as a 'vessel' for some dumb reason. This **cannot** be a Styrofoam container. You can use a drink cooler &amp; use a hole saw to cut the right size hole inside. There are other posts here that cover tips that you may want to consider if you do this. You can also use a plastic rubbermaid container, but you may want to wrap the container with flexiwrap or some other equivalent to keep your circulator from working too hard. * Vac bags &amp; a vac sealer. The poor person version of doing this is ziplock bags tacked to the sides of whatever you are cooking in. Most people have good luck with FoodSaver brands if they are new. Refurbed ones are ones that have been damaged in some way due to someone else vac sealing steak on 'dry' instead of 'wet' settings that have since been repaired. * A good quality steak -- if you're on the east coast, I recommend ShopRite or Wegmans. * A device to sear your steak. Most people recommend cast iron as it gets pretty consistent results. Searzall is a fancy &amp; cool option, but can cause your steak to be a little dry at the end result. You want to sear about 30 to 45 seconds on each side. A lot of people say that if you wait a few minutes &amp; sear a second time, an amazing crust develops, but I haven't experienced this myself That...that's pretty much it. I wrote more about [this stuff here, although it's a little jumbled right now.](http://darksim905.com/sousvide.php)
Good lord, is there anything left to chew after 4 hours? I could understand if you're making food for someone with no teeth, but damn.
Or *maybe* this hotel is that old? Heh.
High quality ones, if the installation is done right, is powered by building wiring, yes.
clickity clackity noises! silence like this is the opposite of ASMR. It's maddening !
The only difference between the models is I think the Wi-Fi unit is a little stronger by 100w. Most people I know don't use the wifi or bluetooth. They use the built-in controls because there are connectivity issues from time to time using the app/wifi/BT.
Really really well done. I love it. Uh, how do people make things like this? Is this called diorama, right?
I don't know of any good *movies* IMO, but I really have enjoyed watching MindHunter. Great show.
I've really liked the John Wick films for their fighting, choreography &amp; technical accuracy. The acting has been as solid as you can get with a raging boner action flick like that. And, as far as I'm concerned, they've set a standard for subtitles going forward. As far as visually stunning? I came back from The Greatest Showman. It's a musical (I didn't know that going in) but it was a beautiful well done musical. I feel it's a quite a bit better than *Across the Universe* &amp; that was solid. I wonder if this is mostly due to the cameras used, or the color grading. What was a film I think about that holds the test of time no matter when you watch it? Terminator 2. There are very few flaws in that movie. Thinking about all this stuff makes me want to get into film but I have no in &amp; I'm totally okay with the job I have now. Bah humbug.
I don't know, watching Jurassic Park years later, unless my TV is fucking broken, the film had horrible audio leveling with some of their conversations. There's also, if I remember, no real explanation to Nedry's motives. All I really recall is him talking to some dude at a dock about getting the eggs &amp; other stuff. I don't recall any scene explaining the actual bribing, etc. If I have go to go wikipedia &amp; read some of the assumed knowledge or description of who someone was, you've failed at telling a story. My memory could be fuzzy though.
I guess I'm going to have to watch it again, not that there's anything wrong with that! I don't know, as I get older, I don't really remember the first 5 minutes of some films even though I've seen them over &amp; over. I guess it depends on the movie. I could quote every line from Face/Off or Con Air for you, though *shrug*
Neat! What type of batteries do those things typically take &amp; what's the replacement cycle? Hrmm.
None of that was practically impossible, it was physically impossible. The amount of muscle &amp; leverage required to do some of the fighting there wasn't really feasible. That took me out of a lot of it. *shrug*
Do tell.
Ah, so that's why it's a ... you know, nevermind.
Op, you need to learn to work on your titles dude.
It's his choice &amp; he happened to negotiate what he could get. Those people wanted to do it for free or nothing &amp; fuck themselves &amp; don't see value in their time? More money for someone else willing to ask.
Did we watch the same Wonder Woman? I could've sworn that dude just starts fucking flying around &amp; throwing cars. I get it, these are Gods &amp; motherfucking Zeus &amp; shit ... but be more clever :(
Because you explained the whole thing. There was no reason for me to watch the video.
wait, liking either of those things is bad, guilty or they wouldn't admit it? Starship Troopers is a cult classic. And Fast &amp; Furious as a whole should probably be the standard for making a successful as fuck film franchise. It went from racing, to heists to action with a massive cast &amp; a consistent storyline. It's pretty excellent despite some of the weak parts of some films here &amp; there. *Would you like to know more?*
Yeah, but he's smarter than he lets on. I bet you money that helps when it comes to taxes as a charitable 'donation', so he wins either way while pretending to give a shit.
Well, it's still no different than someone who can negotiate for benefits in a regular job. Some people are great at that, some people aren't for whatever reason. These people don't know the specifics of that so they hire a company. It's up to that agent who sets those contracts up for them. It's not that complicated.
Totally off topic, but have you seen Adrian Brody's Houdini? What did you think of it being a magician? :]
It's Skynet. It's self aware &amp; realized humans are a threat and you're having an issue with the fact it learned how to communicate in *English* given we have things like Wikipedia in this modern day &amp; age, *that's* your nitpick?
It's about being the bigger man &amp; realizing/probably knowing that Cipher was responsible for putting pressure on the brothers.
They're going to bring her back I bet &amp; be like "Well, Wonder woman swooped in &amp; saved her &amp; nobody knows!"!
That's a stupid criticism when you think about it. If that was the case, then the Resistance would've been able to reprogram multiple T-800s &amp; network them to protect John Conner. No where is it assumed that all the cyborgs are not autonomous.
I don't think that would work with their mission/goal. Marcus still thought he was for all intents, human &amp; had a mind of his own, for lack of better words. He wouldn't have been able to understand Skynet cyborg l337 sp33k.
Do you really think a job like this would ever be remote? Come on
It would be a major privacy/legal/chain of custody issue. I certain wouldn't trust a forensic examiner I can't see with my own eyes. Maybe I'm wrong. Thing is, it's rare you see remote jobs in the first place, especially in Gov. You also can't secure those machines in the same way. Meh.
So, I like this, but it seems like a half measure. Why is this for 'all public' jobs? Is that correct to mean it's for all state/govt jobs? This doesn't really help the rest of us who don't work for big brother. if a private company can still ask what our previous salary was, we still lose, male or female. And it probably isn't going to help with the wage gap in the slightest.
Where are you specifically?
Every community has it's own problems, or rather, similar problems. As you get more involved &amp; people know who you are, along with patience, being of good character &amp; high standards, you can get recognition at other forums. Trading locks, paying when you owe money or a lock or picks or whatever breeds this good reputation. On social media, not being silly &amp; having tact (ask me how I know!). Once you've found to be trustworthy, you can get into more advanced forums, or things that may be invite-only. 'Active' is what you make of it. :-)
I'm going to be that guy &amp; say that this list is bullshit. I've corrected him once or twice &amp; he's happily replied to me &amp; welcomed my feedback with open arms. You have to blame human nature for any sort of 'cult-like' following. Bullet point number 1 has been proven largely false &amp; there are really only one or two people perpetuating that around here that we got rid of in quick order. To be honest, this list reeks of someone jealous of his success, salty. Especially once you get to #8.
To be honest, I wouldn't go running around making that claim about DCMA unless you want into issues of libel. I find it hard to believe he would willingly do a take down request of a video unless it infringes on his content that he's sold.
May I ask what you teach &amp; where you're located? :)
Wow, there's a lot of freaked out people in here. It may depend on how it's packaged, but I think the answer is typically yes. I've done it 3 times with no issues with friends.
&gt; I didn't trust the commercial process to be designed for sous vide "I don't trust someone who packs something specifically for this purpose to work for that purpose"
&gt;absorbing pad Can't you easily spot these? :\
[I'll eat my hat if this packaging can't stand typical steak temps](https://www.wegmans.com/content/dam/wegmans/products/836/115836.jpg)
The Anova will happily continue where it left off after a power interruption. You may need to press the start button to continue where you left off. I recommend getting a solid UPS with line conditioner for something like this. Granted, the Anova is no PolySci, but the higher quality the line you have, the better for something like this. Further, wrapping &amp; properly insulating your food will prevent your Anova from having to work so hard.
dry aged strip steak at 2 hours, give or take.
*reads comments* **backs away slowly** seriously, how'd you get that cheese so perfectly in there? great stuff! :0
Failed? He was elected twice in a row
I like the downvotes my parent comment got. This sub-reddit going downhill. If he was a failure, there was no way he would've been elected twice, people were fed up with him since day one. Meh.
Would this make more sense in a slow cooker?
Holy shit, 45 seconds to a 1 minute per side is why you're having this problem, that's way too long. 30 seconds each side. *Maybe* let it rest on the plate for a bit, then another 30 seconds each side if you like a good crust. My understanding is, at least in your case, if you're going to sear for that long, you need to do an ice bath (which, makes no fucking sense, but whatever) The longer I think about this, when I see people do 129 degrees, that seems to be perfect for searing for a minute like you'd want to do. That would probably give you an amazing medium rare steak, when everything is said &amp; done, depending on ice bath or no ice bath, however.
Terrible method of service? So you're play with Jimmy plugging in his own device because he's the CEO's son &amp; taking over all your shit? What do you propose &amp; why do you think it sucks as is?
That's cool I guess, but could you explain why it's been done that way since the dawn of time &amp; why or why not they should change it? Being that it acts the same for Residential &amp; Commercial, there has to be a good reason for it. Heh. &gt;If Jimmy could get to the point of plugging his shit in the the modem then something's fucked up in the first place. I don't want to be that guy, but that means you've never walked around a business complex with multiple companies &amp; spent time hanging out acting like you belong. Scary how easy it is to get into places without trying hard. The downvotes seem indicative of this. IP address information or not, Jimmy could still take all your crap down by unplugging stuff :-)
All of these people are giving you the wrong advice. You solve hte problem by putting a shower cap on your smoke alarm. You don't want to open a crazy amount of windows because you'll be undoing all the work you did cooking the steak. A friend of mine opens so many windows sometimes, the steak is cold shortly after he serves it, ruining the whole point of eating a steak.
&gt; coffee urn wat
&gt;within .1 degrees C I guess that's cool, but ghetto. &gt; Nomiku circulator Ouch, that thing has some bad reviews, a horrendous design &amp; looks sketchy as hell.
&gt;more stable Tell that to my Gnome Wayland that can't be consistent for more than a day &amp; Fedora not having proper support for TripleHead2Go, which is probably a fault of the device maker, but still. It's just a monitor multiplex...
tips for selinux?
Is this a valid replacement for cipherli.st ? I guess RayMii is having site issues or took things down.
My understanding is Docker has a lot more feature completeness/is a lot more powerful. /u/snakkerdk seems to nail the finer details. If you look on social media though, Docker is probably going down the tubes with the whole Moby thing. I literally don't get why developers show up &amp; make their own little babies to feel special. Also see [containerd](https://containerd.io/)
With Suricata, do you need full pcaps for all of that or is that dashboard aggregating just the metadata of those captures? That's probably a poorly worded question, I haven't showered yet.
&gt;threat intel program So, are there solid talks out there on building these programs and/or what components people recommend? I feel like there's the have &amp; have nots with something like this. I'm trying to put together content for my peers on how to get started doing this / building a SOC, for lack of better words. Someone recently showed me a threat intelligence feed they built, but it's hard to show value if a organisation has nothing to ingest that into &amp; no reason for said feed.
Cool! Interesting, /r/netsecjobs might be appropriate for this, but that looks really dead compared to /r/sysadminjobs . I look forward to seeing Ninja Jobs grow, I think you guys were at BSidesNYC, or at least were a sponsor. I didn't get to meet any of you, unfortunately. Hi :(
But then I have to re-confugue Gnome, I think. I didn't want to deal with that. It's just unfortunate. I can have 30 days of uptime in Windows at any given time. Linux? All kinds of weird issues. Nevermind trying to access processes once the DE crashes &amp; re-attaching.
I'd love any &amp; help I can get. I'm familiar with building labs, I know there's work out there like Tony's Robinson's book on building labs. I have a passing familiarity with AlienvaultOTX, I've installed things like OpenVAS, but having all these different products 'fit' seem to be at odds if you don't have the threat intel &amp; a goal in mind. I'm looking to simplify 'that' in a way someone understands &amp; can run with it. :0
*shrug* I guess it's a bit different how the device is seen &amp; used in Windows. In Windows you can have 3840x1280 &amp; 'slice' the resolution into three separate panes. Linux/Fedora doesn't see it 'that way' but I'm able to, with some work, get apps into each screen as I see fit.
Saying 'I signed your death warrant' is a matter of fact. Saying 'I'm proud to hand down these counts of blah blah blah' is a fact, that's a thing that she did &amp; that's how she *feels*. An opinion is 'You're an amazing cornball of rainbows &amp; this is secretly a farce', which is wrong, which this judge didn't do.
that's not how this works. that's not how this works at all. it's a tarp, not ballistic nylon stuffed with shrapnel, guy.
That must've been cut out of some of the Twitter 'hot take' videos I saw online. Hmm, I can see how that's not okay in that case.
Why don't you, out of curiosity? :)
&gt;lakewood &gt;petition Nah man, laws &amp; trying to get things passed are how you get anything done.
exigent circumstance is valid for law enforcement, I see no reason why it wouldn't work for the average person.
Yes because he laid down &amp; took being cheated on, *until now!* woop woop
Damn, if all of these classify as poor under ~$60k median income, I don't feel so bad / I'm doing okay.
This isn't too surprising. As big giants like WalMart &amp; Amazon get bigger, there's less &amp; less reason to go shopping anywhere short of handling a product &amp; trying to judge the quality of it. Snag yourself a work from home job &amp; then why bother leaving the house, short of seeing the sun.
broken
That's the edge of Central Jersey into North Jersey. Goodluck with that.
&gt; I didn't even though I earned $90. I care more about the history in the app though and I can't get that now. Why does the history matter, at all?
obvious typo is typo
I don't want to be a dick, but you're the type of person that ruins this shit for the rest of us. If your dad can't figure out how to turn on GPS, press two or three taps on a phone &amp; then order a ticket in 2018, there's *something wrong* or he's over the age of 60.
It's a MasterCard pre-paid business 'debit' card, there's no way they can tell it's MoviePass, that's not how BINS works.
These people should be reported for fraud. This has nothing to do with MoviePass &amp; everything to do with the people doing this being scummy pieces of shit getting $20 for food.
&gt;Privacy.com This isn't true privacy for some as you can't fund from a credit card. Sigh.
So you're okay with scammers ruining the concept of MoviePass, raising prices or causing it fold all together? Because I'm not. :-)
&gt;Thanks to whoever shared this tip before That would be Alton Brown from Good Eats, sir.
at that point its not steak anymore, especially in that second photo.
that guy fucks
I...you serious? I've found them insanely useful &amp; a lot larger/better repository for a lot of the knowledge &amp; links that previously, you had to hunt &amp; peck to find. I'm probably biased as I'm on an awesome list.
Stop trying to reinvent the wheel &amp; if you want to contribute, be an instructor for one of the major training orgs out there, or contribute to Op School.
Shit, I'm curious, what's your mic &amp; recording setup? That one intro video you have sounds great! Sorry ... I'm looking for resources to record talks for a hacker meetup, heh.
He 'explained it' but if I recall, the specific tooling used in that video was never released. I might be mis-remembering.
So? The amount of burnt char in one that photo, I don't see how that could be enjoyable, thus, a few bites are lost, thus, wasting steak.
From what I remember (and saw here in the comments) a few people mentioned you can legit just ''broil'' and cook the steak in one step, which was news to me. Fascinating. I don't really know anyone with one of these. I suppose I should buy one ''just in case'' if I've never stuck in the woods &amp; need to make a fire to eat steak. Still. I bet that thing was delicious.
How long was your sear in the cast iron &amp; how long with a propane torch? In my limited experience, people who torch it end up drying out the steak, ruining the whole thing. That crust looks *fucking amazing*.
d....I.... *unsubscribes* Actually, I'd be curious to see if folding bags causes any issues with damaging the sides/seal of the bag. I've seen a few people do it, but it looks horrifying.
Curious, did this need to cook this long or did you do that long because of how big of a piece it is? I do mostly steaks, but from everything I've read here, there's a difference between pork tenderloin vs loin, correct? Hmmm. Looks amazing.
Curious, do you have a preference on bags &amp; any recommendations on sourcing bags for cheap? :)
I'm a little skeptical here. Have you had it run in a proper container, with a lid, just for testing purposes? The reason why I say this is, I have no idea what you're trying to cook in, but it seems inadequately sized. I've gifted many of these &amp; haven't had any issues. My understanding is the Anova is pretty spot on, almost always &amp; they are pretty receptive. Is yours new or used?
/r/steak --&gt;
Creepy... I see stories like this all the time, but I don't really see how this works -- does 23andme match you if you give permission &amp; say "Oh hey, someone has 90%+ of your DNA!" or similar name, etc?
&gt;3/1.5 with full basement &gt; not a palace sounds like it.
This is a bad/weird YSK, because you aren't really giving enough details. It would've made more sense to link to this page, which describes the actual details of the program &amp; links to the eligibility map. The finer details show this probably isn't as useful as everyone things. Half my state, for example, is ineligible. Also, there are other, more useful programs depending on your scenario like FHA, which may be the same program under a different name, but that's what a lot more people know it as or are more familiar with. There are, probably other stipulations. For example, if you have a mortgage already or flip homes, you *probably aren't eligible* for these sorts of things.
I don't know, because people typically use this for coffee &amp; not much else?
&gt;sticky ports You mean ... port security, which is ubiquitous to every networking product worth it's salt out there? Perhaps sticky is the terminology to refer to the concept of 'sticking' a MAC address to a given port, but the concept is port security :-)
they aren't that bad, they seem to set some of the better standards in terms of terminology. the problem is it doesn't trickle down to other companies and/or products, so you're learning different terminology for the same thing. I'm not quite sure why that is. People are probably afraid of legal repercussions. It's stupid.
What does a reverse engineer and/or a sr. reverse engineer care about? Recently, I was given a task where I was given a snapshot of a box that had known malware and/or a c2 server on it &amp; had to do some analysis. I was doing this as a favor. My experience is more as a Sysadmin/Security Analyst -- I'm not a reverse engineer by any stretch, so I prefer sticking to basic static analysis techniques. What things should I care about to pass along to a sr. analyst or someone who is going to blackhole a domain or a server? Strings against binaries? Browser history? Source code of the binaries if possible?
As a concerned citizen, does this actually work..? It took years to get that guy Jack Thompson, who blamed video games for all violence disbarred. Seems pretty crazy something takes that long.
those rolls tho
&gt;SJ What state is SJ what is this I don't even
&gt;good salary Define 'good'
LOOOOOOOOOOOL
It probably does now. I've noticed lately that they include other screenings in &amp; only do a premium screening if it is IMAX.
Good. QuickChek sucks anyways.
&gt; Standard capacity magazines are protected by the second amendment looooooooooooooooooooool no
I see nothing about A2761 having a grandfather clause. This bill is illegal.
Serious question: but why?
What is scotch bonnet exactly? I noticed that as an ingredient in a hot sauce I purchased that was actually good.
Did Pork Tenderloin a few times but I don't recall it trying to swim away. I hope your trick helps!
There are 2fa bypass methods to ignore it completely
Rami Malek also narrated this on [Project X](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SOJugaGK0eU) one of the buildings featured in Mr. Robot. This was [sort of](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/33_Thomas_Street) an open secret to anyone who was aware of the building, but still, really cool to watch.
This is pretty cool that you're doing this, I hope you find like minded people that get involved! :0)
Most states charge a monthly fee, nice try though.
How old are you &amp; at what age did you break six figures? I'm able to do that but I'm running multiple things to make the salary I want. The problem is anything beyond that is usually a stressful job. I just recently transitioned from Sysadmin to Security Analyst. I too, am in my 30s :\
Yeah, I thought that was the law. Or a common sense law. Do people not?
&gt;Capitulation Who the fuck talks like this
If you say so. My folks were a lot more helpful I suppose. The Internet was totally a thing when tehrabbit went to school. Carry on 🙄
Looks like old stuff. The NSAs could be great if they are 240s or up &amp; you can license them. The ProCurve, I can't tell the specs but they're solid generally but loud. Cool snag.
&gt; Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996 This doesn't stop law enforcement from requesting records :(
Give them what they ask for. At the end of the day, you don't matter &amp; they'll replace you or route around you with politics. You can pry &amp; ask why &amp; see where they're coming from, but don't be a jerk about it.
I prefer Beautiful Dogs Staring at Me
You're getting downvoted hard for being technically correct in a general sense. Sad.
47 computers is a drop in the bucket for a knowledgeable person
I guess this still has it's place just like SysRescueCD but ... Windows PE &amp; the baked in tools in Windows 10 makes this moot these days for most Sysadmins.
Seriously? Name &amp; shame or threaten to drop them.
To be honest, I'm really disappointed in how the season ended. I get that that they have to keep things going, but I don't really see much of an end game with Chuck trying to get his power back.
They probably decided to remove it like they did with mail delivery reports. Like, who removes core functionality like that?
I administered a fleet of Linux hosts at a previous org running Windows on an Intel iMac. I used the Linux Subsystem, the default Ubuntu install with a tweaked tmux configuration, ssh &amp; if I wanted to get really nerdy, x forwarded firefox to avoid getting malware/other nasty things. Worked like a charm. It's all what you're comfortable with &amp; skilled at. I love tinkering in ways that are different from traditional Windows sysadmins &amp; too much GUI for the typical Linux sysadmin. *shrug*
systemd is amazing coming from a Windows background because it logically lays out the services &amp; tells you what failed &amp; why. init is archaic with flat files all over the place. Also parallel processing to speed up boot times &amp; making the kernel more of an API friendly thing allowing people to treat it like cattle for containers, micro-services, so on &amp; so forth.
https://darksim905.com/blog/index.php/2017/02/17/rsysadmin-frequently-asked-questions-an-ongoing-series/ https://darksim905.com/blog/index.php/2017/08/29/book-review-essential-system-administration/
Yeah no. Drop it off, leave, lol
Is this tabletop for your organisation, a meetup to get an idea across, or something else? Traditionally from what I've seen from Madiant or other, related companies is they'll run a tabletop where all the participates will be high-level executives be involved &amp; they will have their same positions within the actual organization. They will run scenarios related to what the company BU does &amp; see how the individuals react, documenting what options they selected &amp; how quickly they resolved the situation. There is a scenario &amp; the C-levels go around deciding what things they would do until the issue is resolved. This is fairly quick, cookie cutter &amp; they charge quite a bit of money for it to tell you things that are self-evident. This may go on for an hour or two. How my meetup has ran tabletops is, each person will be assigned a role at random. The company, or the vertical it is in may not be specified. There is an attacker &amp; then several C-level positions selected. The organizer provides a scenario, say "All machines have been infected with ransomware, what do you do?" Then, the attacker is given control to do one action. The C-level players then have to react accordingly. Generally the assumption is the attacker is highly skilled &amp; is ever-persistent in your network. These sort of events could go on for the whole day, if not several. The knowledge expelled &amp; the things people learn that are possible far exceed your traditional tabletop. There is no 'best' scenario, in my opinion. It's all about how you run the tabletop itself.
&gt; The South Jersey-Middlesex alliance Who what huh
You should learn how to quote on Reddit. You can go like this: &gt;text here and you'll get this: &gt;text here and then you can reply inline &amp; not make it look like you're just parrot talking the person above you, like this: &gt;Yo dawg, I heard you need to learn how to quote things on Reddit Bro, no I don't, I'm a Reddit expert!
A+ presentation, A+ cut of meat, A+ knife *BUT HOW DID IT TASTE*
On what planet does that pricing structure make sense?
Laminate it
W... Why is it notarized?
Of course they will. There's nothing illegal about using mags at a range.
No because I'm not a fan of their rhetoric &amp; their lack of support for non-whites. If they were more like the 2AF &amp; not so right wing, I'd care more. 2AF doesn't give a fuck about NJ so there's that. It's odd because NRA TV has Colion Noir on there...
Marry me
You just said you voted for Trump above...
clickbait title is clickbait
Sad but true :(
This guy is allegedly a lawyer &amp; he can't do match. It's more like 2.3x. God damn.
Curse you, spellcheek! I was going by 5.5 x 2.3, which is closer. Not sure why I'd use the NYC numbers when we're in NJ...
Must be nice
This. Also agents don't fucking do anything
This is useful &amp; inspiring for the people that are writers here but this doesn't explain why you can have that process fail. There are great shows like The Americans &amp; then there's shows with great potential that struggle like The Blacklist.
Amazing
Why do you keep reposting this?
Op has posted this many, many times.
Awesome
Care to go into more detail on this supposed neutering?
Super informative, thanks 🤔
🤣
The dude had a shady history, of course they wanted to make an example of him.
Chris Sanders course on Effective Security Writing &amp; Investigation Theory
I've been saying that's how they wanted to operate since the beginning. If it weren't for us hardcore folks bleeding them dry, they'd sign people up hoping they forget.
💕🤩💕
No, unless you're a sales engineer or a consultant. This depends on location as well.
This seems high...
But you're probably eating beans &amp; rice for dinner. Desktop Support can be $70k to $100k in NYC. You'd have to be very good or working finance for that.
How old are you/what region?
Hi Me, nice to see you
Oh, that's no big deal
Go Moose. Miss you buddy.
Have fun with all the recalls!
It's a fun car, don't get me wrong, but I'm pretty soured on VWs shit QC. I get that parts fail &amp; it's nice to know they've gotten past plastic impeller bullshit, but moving to that to timing chain tension failures, or random CELs due to other faults, is fucking ridiculous.
Not when the Internet is down or knowledge is passed down 🤔
What tool?
Audits aren't the same as process standards
There's knowing where to look &amp; then knowning how people hide things. There's some crazy ways to hide things &amp; Sysadmin concepts can be abused in ways we wouldn't believe
Because most higher end cars have automatic headlights that are always on &amp; turn off when it senses lights in oncoming traffic. Usually these are tuned poorly &amp; don't turn off till it is too late. Most people just leave the default, which I believe is to always have this functionality on, because why not / fuck reading the manual, am I right? It's also unfortunate that Tesla went this route as well.
I like the product, why is there no just 'buy it now' button? Sigh.
So you don't use the shower cap, got it.
...🙄
You seemed to have either replied to wrong person, or already had something on your clipboard. I've had very mixed results with ninjajobs, just as a heads up. It's interesting to see what positions are out there, but you're better off applying to the positions on the company's site directly, dealing with a recruiter, or networking.
Shodan has jobs? o\_0
What skill, experience &amp; knowledge would you need to be at that mid 6 level salary &amp; what moves would you need to make?
Ha, cute 💘
Thought I was in the wrong sub for a minute there 🤤
That doesn't mean it's working on you, it means you're aware of it. If it worked on you, you'd buy the same exact shit &amp; be a hypebeast.
These are wonderful, you do great work 😍
$100k in what I assume is NJ is not bad money. You crazy?
