That day.
It's only degrading if you're uptight or overly sensitive about your image. It might be embarrassing to some people, but does he look embarrassed? That man is having a lot of fun.
You can see the trauma on his daughters faces as they laugh and smile.
Lack of Japanese speakers.
Coming on a little aggressive there.
At 2500 calories it's not really an appetizer unless you have 30 people there.
There was some pulling alright.
Your club quidditch team is phenomenal.
And I was angry it was 30 last night.
Tell me I can leave the lookout!
5 bedrooms, yard, pool
On the other hands many hand tools have no questions asked lifetime warranties from harbor freight to cobalt. You break it, take it back to the store and get a new one.
When youbproduct cost pennies to make and you sell them for a dollar, they can handle a little inflation.
Those groups are pretty much irrelevant anyways.
Battle of Blair Mountain. Where the US government used warplanes against protestors on American soil.
The line he gives is fantastic as well.
Since real obsidian breaks rather easily .
Have held gun, not dead. Checkmate Atheists.
It's similar to A1 but tastes totally different. From a different breakfast sandwich thread
Thick sliced bread with slices of cheese on them in a toaster oven. Two eggs(I prefer scrambled for the uniformity) leftover steak from the night before sliced super thin and tossed in the pan you cooked the eggs in to heat it up without overlooking the steak. Then toast, eggs, steak slices, Secret Aardvark hot sauce, then second cheese toast slice. Eat and enjoy. Then go back to sleep because it's so filling.
Sourdough would be good as well
Golds Gym sent me to collections over late fees on a charge that happened after I canceled the membership.
Lay off the steroids Mike Tyson.
It's how they walk
That is middle-upper class.
Commercial flights suck.
Doesn't matter. Good story.
The restaurants that do that all call themselves hibachi at least in my area.
Hold my grilled cheese and watch this
Different names for the similar agencies.
Do you want boot prints on your fish? Because that's how you get boot prints on your fish.
Except synthetic implies it was made and not extracted. A more correct way would be to call nacl concentrated saltiness.
I think super mutants have a lot to do with it. In the West the super mutants were mostly wiped out right? And many of them seem intelligent.(info based of NV and people talking about the first two.) While in the east the seem to be under no control and are just roaming around eating people.( although since you wipe out the means of reproduction in 3 I don't see how there's more of them in 4 but whatever.)
They'd die. Most likely as children.
I understood that reference.
They're wearing sunglasses and t-shirts. It can't be that serious.
When you have a 4k TV
But the person that uses it, has six of them. And every time a lion eats one or it falls into a ravine they rebuy
Same
It could be WD-40 silicon lubricant painted to look like a normal can of WD-40.
Are you against labor laws? Do you believe we should start sending children back into coal mines? How do you feel about the concept of overtime for your work? What about food quality controls? Should the USDA be removed? Why are you "generally against" things that protect people?
I live in a neighborhood with a nice community, everyone is more or less neat, but the houses are all unique, they all have a personal touch. Sure there's a neighbor with a yellow door, and one has a greenhouse, but who cares.
How to get No Man's Sky'd
This is a cooking subreddit. The implied context of any comment is that it is cooking related. If this were a dog breeding subreddit and I started talking about bitches, one would assume I am talking about dogs.
Thats not really the point of a mandatory break. You're that kitchen culture problem he was talking about.
Different managers maybe
Better yet get a call recording app and point blank "I'm sick and I'm most likely contagious, do you want me to come in?" If they say yes you have blackmail if they try to fire you. Also if you're in a two party consent state don't do this.
Fine. Then call it insurance against being unjustly fired. Or documenting interoffice communications to prevent any managerial inconsistencies. I can put a dress on the pig if it makes you feel better about yourself. But please, protect the people that would fire you for preventing the spread of communicable diseases. God forbid you burn that bridge.
Class-traitor?
"Good"
You're going to need energy for laser tag
The best kind of party
You made a lot of assumptions off of a single word. But ignoring that, it's not impossible for a chicken place in Detroit to be good, in fact I bet a bunch are good. But the average in the place of origin will be higher due solely to experience. Your 5 chicken restaurants might be phenomenal, but nearly every grandmother in the south has their own 100 year old chicken recipe that are all phenomenal.
It's more of a suggestion in some parts, downright ignored in many and treated like a sex crime in others. The US is weird.
In some places.
Even if it hit him he would've just fallen on top of it.
I'd acquit.
The difference is you can call your sister a fucking psychopath and more or less get a way with it. That strong bond works both ways
Ah there's the thread I know.
US Flag code is only a suggestion. You'd know that if you could read.
No, we're good.
Thats most likely to get into the country and not to move within it.
So how's the new staff doing?
N= 1. Boom solved.
Pizza Paddle is actually called a Peel
/thread.
You should also know the difference in the front and rear brakes if you're going to drive a scooter though.
The casino if you max it out, the rewards when you beat it are good
Finland isn't a conspiracy, it's a myth. Like North Dakota or Dry Land.
And with the shittiest title ever
Oven.
I recommend the second option. I do not recommend the first unless you're going to do the sauce in a frying pan thing.
I assume the people that do this also don't invest in good knives. Or are like me and have good knives and cheap knives. And use the cheap knives like tools and the good ones like works of art.
You have your adjectives mixed up. The real secret is to combine the two. Make box kraft then add your own ingredients. Namely one half of a fuckton of more cheese, some hot sauce and some heavy cream.
Ever considered making a microwave quesadilla? Work in a kitchen.
I'm not sure that woman actually knows anything about cooking.
Google scratch brownies then combine with the cream cheese brownie recipie
You also shouldn't do that last part.
Now I want to know what deep fried pasta is like
They even make cold brew tea
Evolution will balance that out.
Because the steak warming up a few degrees will matter when it hits a 400F pan.
I thought cooking with aluminum was toxic
Most of the things he posts don't say that x method is wrong just not totally necessary. Boiling pasta in a bathtub of water isn't wrong it works perfectly fine. However, if you wanted to use a little bit of water at medium, that'll work too.
It's ok to be stupid. We won't judge you. We know you can't help it.
Thanks. That what the people at the church said last time I tried to go. Are you going to throw water on me too?
Just noticed you're the oil and water guy also. You seem to be in kitchen hell.
Butwhy.mp4
But more importantly he's forgetting Evan Almighty
What you couldn't see was the puddle
He's extra thicc
I like that Satan is fine but dick gets censored
Smart Assistants "totally not listening to everything you say to sell you ads"
It's even bolder when there's only one location. A server came in asking for x. Me: "we don't do that. Her: well she said y'all made it for her last time M: No we didn't. H: well maybe someone else did. M:This restaurant has five cooks and three of them are here. The other two don't have the authority(they're new) to just make random shit. We don't do that, we've never done that, and we're not going to start doing it today." To add to that, I don't generally mind making custom orders or whatever but somethings you have to make a stand about.
I'm still amazed Hulu is in business
We seem to have pretty anti-consumer policies here. It's a Republican thing.
I don't need to be a rocket scientist to know that something on the Challenger fucked up. And I don't need to be in the FBI to know that shooting a fleeing suspect in the back is fucked up. Somethings are common sense.
true, but its not an active cook
Notable others: CHickfilA and Zaxbys
To be fair, if you drink Pappy Van Winkle in your morning coffee, then its a little elitist. And Pintrest has made sure that wine drinking is not elite.
There's an aircraft carrier made out of the rubble.
Especially When you only go to the end to to farm enderpearls
A Modpack would be like sex toys. They can get as light or as heavy as you want them to be. You can get a little button vibrator or you can get Fisto which runs off of a Smart car engine.
TIL the irony of the movie title Lake Placid
There was a cheat character on thps 4 I think that you had to grind a huge amount of time to unlock IIRC
I'd suggest a belt sander and a respirator
College had Taco Bell and Chick fil a on the meal plan.
Cage-free.
No just Miners
So this is the prequel to the " you have x amount of time before the world starts hunting you" thread
This comment is a grade 1 test of critical thinking with an egregious plot: Comment assumes both are Russian, no proof Comment assumes Vladimir Putin is the sovereign leader of Russia, no proof. Comment assumes Russia is even a real place, again no proof. Comment assumes that anyone reading this or that the commenter itself is real, no proof. Comment assumes that the concept of proof is real, unsurprisingly no proof. Comment assumes that reality in which we know it exists, has existed or will ever exist. No. Proof.
He could claim to be a terrorist without the intent.
That advice depends on what kind of Empire you're trying to build.
Pineapple juice
Then you get to lead the skill of kicking down a door.
Similar but Mom and Dad Save the World.
I remember my first day on the internet.
Hold on, it deserves a lot of the shit it gets, but that doesn't mean there aren't nice parts too.
One of my favorite memories is watching thunderstorms roll in on a porch on the beach.
A sea is a mini-ocean.
My personal favorite is somewhere between Islamorado and Marathon.
So you don't want to be thrown into the briar patch then?
No she would've just paid a deductible.
I respond with, sorry X has died.
/r/fellowkids
It's the new 350
Their leader is prejudiced, he segregates Nords and non-Nords in his own hold. The rallying cry "Skyrim is for the Nords!" Echoes that.
&gt;wedding gifts In would have quit before they had the chance to fire me.
That's when you apply for unemployment.
This is what I was going to say
How else do you peel an apple
It's the one thing the old ball coach wasn't good at.
This whole comment is bullshit.
Dude block her.
And it's 5.59 for the large size
Tomato sauce also doesn't contain vinegar and shouldn't contain sugar. Ragu or other garbage brands might put sugar in it.
Where I work a piece of garlic bread costs $.15 two pieces of for $2
Chicken wings themselves have gotten ridiculously expensive. They're like $80 a case
It's the same with flank steak.
No. They're ketchup on cardboard. They're awful.
Still have to let the dough rise.
Don't worry, we're offended too.
A little maybe, not ketchup levels. And true tomato sauce, not a pasta sauce should only contain tomatoes. Like canned tomatoe sauce.
Where do you find rattan jot? I haven't been able to find any in any of the Indian groceries near me.
Would that be considered tampering with an election.
He'll resist arrest as well.
The trick to saying you don't like certain beers is to have one in that sort of category that you do like, or will at least drink. You can shit on Miller and Coors all day long as long as you'll drink a Bud light or Michelob. People don't like it when you seem to think you're better than them.
Hey was doing the old Reddit temp-a-roo
What makes saft special?
I'm the opposite. I learned how to do it by playing. I never knew exactly where I was hitting to stun, but I can do it reliably.
That's pink eye from the red light district
Pigs will eat anything.
I guess Kevin Van Dam has given up bass fishing.
Yep, gut punch and move on.
Whiskey and hard drugs. Make that virus regret ever infecting you.
Eh I'll move in the next hut. We can race to the bottom of a barrel of rum.
Interstate crimes aren't automatically felonies, but they are all federal cases. And its a tax stamp issue. All liquor sold in Alabama receives an Alabama tax stamp. So if it come from out of state, it doesn't have the stamp. Less than five gallons is a misdemeanor.
It also causes cancer.
M' Comics
That's steam not smoke.
Baphomet fetish ruined.
It made lewd comments towards his wife
He's trans-poor
No one will play with her. She's all of the roles.
Camera on a desk on a timer Or be like that one guy from a few years ago
The funny thing about Ragu the brand is it's just Italian for tomato sauce. Imaginge a Mexican salsa dip brand named Salsa.
More than Pizza hut or little Caesars?
He even closed his eyes.
I killed him with the overseers gaurdian without too much effort.
Donkey Kong Suh?
Just ask your step dad
You make it. Grab a hennesy bottle a slide from a head shop and a diamond bit drill bit. From my high school days.
Use Makers like a gentleman.
Tell me where you'd stash 15,000 pillows? The dedicated pillow room only held 500 pillows.
Now try it with no pants.
Double Kong for a Kong.
Maybe someone can team up with Floyd Mayweather for a regular literacy course.
If you can get a restraining order on her.
Honey why is half the years dead? The kids are chasing birds. ...
Wc3 actually got an update not too long ago.
I once ran a dirt bike into a pond. It's surprisingly easy to get it going again. Dragging it out of the pond on the other hand.
And drunk people before them.
If it was like $20, I'd absolutely prank some friends with this.
R.I.P. chicken
This is wrong. Flipping it more often results in a more even cook.
You should look up a searzall head for your torch. It's pricey, but the sears are amazing.
Look up Sous vide everything's review on it.
Brb building forge. But seriously, I first learned about the chimney method on Good Eats and have been keeping that in my pocket for when I want to show off. I think the searzall is more convenient though. It requires just the torch while the chimney method takes more setup. Overall it's a matter of preference, and me not wanting to build a fire every time.
Until they find a turtle ship
It's been upper 90s for the last few weeks here with high humidity. It's awful, no you don't get used to it. The Devil went down to Georgia because he was getting cold in hell.
That's what my AC is set on ha.
Except in the south, you get daily thunderstorms.
I don't mind the snow
Olé!
Mines $35 but comes with free drinks and a hot towel scalp massage.
Fucking pleb without an unlimited plan.
Variety
I remember first finding greentrees in FO 3 and getting so excited, like there was some life still in this graveyard. That kind of reaction is a hard thing to duplicate.
Your best bet is over trees.
Check his page, he's garbage.
They probably share an addiction.
If you have an exclusivity contract than the supplier should have ensured that the product is in stock. If you can't supply what you agreed to, then your contract shouldn't be valid for at least the length of time while the supplier can't supply.
Sure, if you're a robot. You're implying that an executive is so far removed from reality, that he can't differentiate between a janitor and another executive?
Understand ing what it is and predicitng how much a product will take up are very different things.
That's because you get closer to Alabama.
Don't forget the most important. Pigs in Blankets
They sent thieves and political rivals and debtors, they just killed the murderers.
The best place to do that is the Sierra Madre. If you win too much, there's a bonus.
Absolutely, they're listed as critically endangered. I actually deleted my comment because I looked it up and saw that the Chinese like eating ground up saiga horn.
No step on snek
Ireland! Potatoes for everyone.
I'm no mathologist, but I think that's more than seven fishes
Is bread sauce like bread pudding in America, or like stuffing? Edit: it's like a super wet dressing with a different flavor profile.
The problem is that a bunch of people here treat their pax like vending machines.
I thought you were talking to me specifically at first, but I assume you mean a more general you. I'm with the op on this.
Irish cofee
That was why he set up the ferry explosions. Although he rigged the game, In his mind, no one would die for unknown people.
True, but blown up to death or captured and beheaded to death aren't preferable. They aren't likely, but possible.
I saw it on Facebook a week ago.
Hey, watch your mouth, we don't fucking curse around here.
Where did OP not follow directions? He did exactly what was asked of him.
Show me where OP did not follow his father's directions.
If they're rubbing you off, then I'd feel a little strange at dinner too.
It would be your fault for being on the beach in the first place.
Or anytime there is a hurricane.
Moped*
The law is literally many someone's judgement.
They call it stadium country.
You do know this is a Dolly Parton song right? We're in a thread about a cover of a Dolly Parton song.
I had no idea there was a difference and that mopeds require pedal power to be a moped. Also I was being pedantic over weight. Being pinned under a few hundred pound motorcycle vs a 60 pound scooter is quite the difference.
Wouldn't almost all forms of gaming not be considered frugal?
I can't tell if you're serious.
Except that's not what he said was it.
No. The father said clean up your crap and he did that. Then his dad said make all of this disappear. Which he did. The dad said he didn't care, just make it disappear.
I don't know what a large fish has to do with anything, but ok. I guess you could have a large spear instead.
In many southern and or argicultural states, coyotes are listed as vermin and can be culled nearly carte blanche
Donkeys do well in herds of goats and sheep and will defend their herd from coyotes.
It's at the top of the app in the specials tab.
I'm still angry they scrapped the spicy chicken biscuit.
Could be Asheville.
Okay but how have sales numbers done since then. No one ever mentions that when they run that line.
I know about that. It's the only reason I have the chick fil a app, but it takes them about ten minutes to do, and I don't usually have the forethought to order ahead
That's why I drink Mich ultra. It's light and I feel slightly less bad after drinking 10 or so.
Be the change.
My suggestion is to look up Alex French Guy Cooking, he does a series on making ramen from home. He does a good job of covering the food science aspects like Kenji and AB.
I do this, but its accepted that its a joke.
I like to say: You're my favorite person named \[NAME\] that lives in \[PLACE\] that does \[THING\] ever!
That's some excellent blame shifting, you should go into politics.
That makes you what we call in the buisness, an asshole.
Sorry, he meant you can drink and get married in Utah.
Karen the #careercunt ?
There was an outrage in Spain a little while ago where one of the guys from sortedfood on YouTube made a paella burrito. Spanish news outlets called it a "crime against humanity"
"Chicken Parmesan is my favorite Italian dish!"
BBQ from North Carolina is an abomination to God. South Carolina checking in.
Philadelphians are nodding their heads unironically.
I'm from the southern US. Our state is in no way prepared for snow. On the few times every other year it happens, it ends up snowing just a little bit, then melting, then freezing. So we cancel basically everything because there is a sheet of ice on top of the roads and we don't have plows or salt to deal with it.
I thought the normal response was 4mph with the hazards on. And one guy going 80.
And if you really don't want to talk, leave the good out.
The people that post " can't hide money" or " must be nice" are the biggest losers.
But your time is valuable right?
OK, lets say every time you had to open a door, you had to wait three minutes. Now lets say that your pay was reliant on you going through doors. The first time isn't a big deal. The 20th time in a day where you had to wait three minutes to open a door would probably be pretty frustrating. Because you've lost an hour of pay. While those couple of minutes aren't a big deal to you who it only happens once, to someone doing the same thing on repeat its terrible.
Was it your 9yo? Or are there\* kids panhandling for vbucks now?
That's because FIFA got paid not to look.
"How'd [Shitty car mod owner] die?" "He sprayed a Corvette with clear coat then dropped a bunch of glitter on it."
Is the strapping it's mounted to strong enough to hold a parachute?
On the other hand he threw his shoes at a foreign head of state. He might be just a little bit bias in his reporting. But he probably got the shit beat out of him.
By lying.
Source that isn't your ass?
As much as you want to fuck a bald eagle, it doesn't really work that way. We're( as Americans) currently exporting more fuel than we import, and Australia is an island. They have a harder time getting some goods in than we do, so some things are more expensive. And just like some places in the US, some places in Australia get shitty internet.
So if 25 days suck, then how does 29 days compare? How much does four days impact the suck-awesome meter?
Your assumptions are cute, but I'm not the type to go yippee ki yay-ing around. I understand how advantage work. If someone pulls out a gun or knife and gets the drop on me, then they'll get my wallet, I'm not going to try and fight them over it, they won. But I also won't be a victim if I can help it.
It's NJ you need to focus on.
Yes. I covered that. Legitimate use of force requires the belief that your's or another's life(and in some places property, but that isn't important here) is in immediate danger. There also has to be a situation that corroborates with that belief. So for example, if a mother walks in and sees three men raping her daughter, then she is of the belief that her daughter's life and maybe even her own is in immediate danger. And since rape is a violent crime, there is a context supporting her belief. There is another component about stopping after the threat has ended, but the article doesn't cover it, and I'm not going to go into it.
It's 145am and I'm on a phone, you'll be ok. Thats what I said, at least you're getting some of this. And if the prosecutor had an actual case against her with actual evidence, then she'd be in jail.
Ah, I misunderstood what type of rifle it was. I thought it had an internal mag. And I only used sporting rifle to differentiate it between the AR pattern rifle so you'd know what I was talking about.
Did you call ups about it?
You whining that I misspelled incapable.
I'd at least egg her car.
Teenagers aren't going to shoot themselves in the back so silly things like package theft might rob them of that.
And that kids, is how Uncle Dave claims he got HIV.
Baliff: I don't get paid enough for this shit.
Except that isn't ironic, because reading comprehension and spelling are two separate things.
No, Comcast is highly regarded as the worst company full stop in America.
I like that you tried to defend poaching by saying it's just like gang violnce. Are we to feel sorry for cartel members next? Maybe we should weep for suicide bombers who have to leave their families behind to kill innocent people.
People have been killing animals larger and more powerful than them for thousands of years. Your other point stands though.
We are called long pork for a reason.
"his spleen was a little chewy though"
Yeah except that cat isn't in distress.
Technically, no one uses first world anymore.
Lots of practice, and your hand being able to don't worry things at once.
Wagyu is a breed of cow, you can have wagyu cows anywhere.you can also have Japanese Angus.
I've always said something along the lines of [now we don't normally do this, but I'm willing to make an exception this one time] before doing anything over for a customer.
A few people do [something strange] and then media blows it up into a huge "the next millennial trend" making loads more people aware of it than ever before.
I grew up doing BOH stuff in restaurants, you kind of grow into snappy comebacks when you're the only 15 year old cooking.
Maurice's is pretty bottom tier in terms of taste and value. They have a good sauce, bit their meat and sides aren't up to snuff.
Except sheep dogs aren't shepards
Personally I'd suggest Little Pigs BBQ. Hudson's in Lexington is good as well. Shealys is phenomenal.
Right, but the sheep dog doesn't kill the sheep.
I almost put that into my post.
It was on one of the older shark weeks too, back when it wasn't all fiction.
Italian Tomatoes come from America and Wagyu Beef comes from English cows. &amp;#x200B;
I used to run the lyrics to Disturbed - Liberate through my mind until it went away. It was effective to me. I don't do it anymore.
Unless they shoot the same foot twice
The worst are the initial reliability awards. Congratulations, the doors didn't fall off right.... Now. Here's your award.
When she sees herself in a viral fb video.
That is Byzantium to you, peasant.
Sure, I'll hold the boom.
The one we had was aluminum and had a hammer head to re seal the lids
Did you read literally anything in my post aside from the word Maurice's?
That's because it gets reported here more often.
I made his bernaise the other night for some filets, and it turned out perfectly.
Ooh is this the part with the dancing lobsters?
It's not a secret that many Germans fled to Central America around WW2 and many of them were brewers. That's why there are Central American beers very similar to German beers. Imperial is one example, Tecate is another.
So you're the reason the olight batons sold out so fast and why I couldn't find one in brass.
It's $1.70 in SC.
Yorkshire pudding is not a pudding. It's a doughnut.
God save the Queen
And thick Northern accents get treated as rude.
I for one, would like to know where to lease a deer.
Great Britian is the island, the UK is the collection of nations. England is one of those nations.
We find this acceptable if you change the name of York to Old York.
No, we have potato wedges like you described in the US as well.
I didn't know it this was a competition.
The large is only 15.50 and it's a water truck full of soda.
And to be proficient requires you to know 500+ abilities.
How are the broken arms?
"There was a ban?" Stephen Garcia
I'm pretty sure it's an excuse to tailgate.
It's an aquired taste, like many other things. Sure it tastes bad at first, bit so does coffee. Then as you drink more, you start to appreciate the intricacies of it. Or it just might not suit you. But for many people it is social lubricant.
You only sometimes have to put them back, but for freshwater fishing, it's a game of tactics, knowing the right combination of lure/bait, active times, and places they'll likely be is not that dissimilar to a strategy game. Offshore fishing is all about the thrill of the hunt and the fight to get them in the boat. Plus most are tasty.
It's a spectacle, and most people like a spectacle.
And also a fairly solid way to survive.
Doesn't that give you a fairly easy tell?
If you go to one of the other states and aren't on the interstate, count churches instead.
When its 35C and 97% humidity, you need to cool down.
We have requirements based on people with disability.
Its not the storms, it's commercial fishing and long lines.
But they'll never buy another one.
Lafayette?
But that doesn't apply to the rest of the world.
Something that bothered me about the infinity gauntlet is that the snap was just to prove a point right? He shouldn't have actually needed to snap to work the powers of the gauntlet like all of the other powers. So them physically holding his fingers should be pointless
RDJ is also not making anymore MCU movies so Tony Stark had to be written out one way or another.
Pole?
That doesn't apply to home invasions, or self-defense in general.
The helium used in balloons is impure.
Innocent isn't quite the right word.
I have a question. Would you feel better if someone in a jet flew over and bombed the hospital in this scenario?
They did, but the safe word is Their, but all she said was There.
"I don't get it, so it's obviously garbage."
&gt;Hans That brings a terrifying new meaning to the the phrase "We're going to pump you up!"
Some of the deaths are quick and painless some are slow and agonizing.
It'll be a large monument that will be designed to break off into the shape of a dick. So after the funeral everyone will see how much of a dick he was in life.
I guess that's totally different from constant bombings, stabbings, van attacks, acid attacks, and shootings that happens in the rest of the world.
&gt;The haunter is now the haunted
That chip is where someone else parked exactly where you did.
Sheep
Sheep don't have wool on their heads, the do have an extra thick skull that they ram things with though. So the bread would not have hurt the sheep.
Seriously, everyone knows that reptiles have cloacae, he'd be so confused.
A lot of what they suggested was common sense stuff. Lock your windows, don't leave ladders laying around your yard, stuff like that.
It probably also made the daughter happy to have a friend to go along with her. That also makes them safer in a foreign country. Stuff like that is worth a lot more to some loving ultra wealthy parents than a couple grand.
The scene with him in the truck eating a sandwich is fantastic.
My dad's version of where is she? Gone. Gone where? Gone crazy. ....
It started off as a way to get good deals by buying in bulk. Now it's all colabs. It's gotten kinda bad imo.
I think you meant non-dickulous
On the other hand, many harbor freight tools have failed on the first or second use. Just don't buy Allen wrenches or impact bits from them.
There are Roman writings bitching at the younger generation.
I've been trying to get a South African biltong blend for a few years now, but it's almost impossible to get in the States.
I was actually looking specifically for crown national safari biltong blend, but I guess they recently added it to Amazon.
And find other people that like those things.
You just pull from the stack. They aren't heavy enough you require you to pull the ones above whatever you're looking for.
Why didn't you make it the same height as the table?
I meant the height of the table saw + the bench. it's off
"go on, she said my name not yours."
In this scenario, he used a rake.
That also heavily depends on how badly someone wants in. Your bank vault contains valuables while that fence gate contains a lawnmower. Many people will study the vaults security to crack it, while the fence will attract far far less people. Obscurity works on things that are unimportant.
I disagree with blasting his name and likeness everywhere. It creates infamy and can inspire others. He is nobody.
And tonight on TLC: Karen Manages a Restaurant.
And no one ever tried to sell him a vacuum cleaner ever again.
I feel like most cops go into thinking like that.
Pro tip: brine the chicken, and put a pan of water below the roasting pan. It'll create one of the jucier roasted chickens you've ever had.
The game was rigged from the start.
certified from which nation?
I'd assume just about everyone will say no if you ask. I would. It sucks, but so does a potential lawsuit if you fall off and die.
It's to launch bundles of drugs over the Philly wall.
Younger me is in much better shape. Older me is much less reckless.
I had a tonkatsu with black garlic oil the other day. It was fantastic.
Just load it with blanks and call it a stun gun.
Just make it polished aluminum.
Bleu Chicken
I personally like anova. The app is useful as a quick reference guide and you can monitor it.
I bet you even have sex.
*Spain wants to know your location*
So, you eat rice and beans 3 meals a day? You could probably throw In a pork shoulder once a month.
So then why isn't airsoft a sport? They both take mental and physical skill, and you compete against others.
We can all agree you're wrong.
I meant the Spanish hate people calling things a paella that is not paella &amp;#x200B; [https://www.express.co.uk/news/world/800903/Spain-paella-burrito-crime-chef-humanity-food-outrage-troll](https://www.express.co.uk/news/world/800903/Spain-paella-burrito-crime-chef-humanity-food-outrage-troll)
You don't EDC your M1?
Sure, but no one deserves to live either. Existence isn't deserved, it either is or it isn't. But, to follow your logic, the other people in that store don't deserve to die either. So a choice had to be made.
That distinction has no value in this conversation though.
depends on how hard you can throw.
&gt; More often than not thieves take the item and run. You just defeated your own argument. Are you willing to bet your life on "more often than not?" More often than not you'll survive a round of russian roulette.
One of the cardinal rules of carrying a gun for self defense is that you don't draw unless you intend to shoot, and you shoot to end the threat. Carrying a gun is not a game. You don't use it to scare people or to maim people. When the clerk drew his weapon he intended to kill that man.
Are you willing to die for a probably?
Should he have also mentioned some Black and Asian nations to be fair? So let's see we have Brazil, Russia, Uganda, and Myanmar as potential suspects for this video.
The Pitt has the Perforater though.
And now?
They're so damn salty.
Just go buy the cheddar bay mix from the grocery store.
You're saltier than the bread sticks.
That's a health code violation in my state.
I don't know how you eat soy cheese. I tried a soy Gouda and it nearly turned my stomach. Maybe soy jack and cheedar is better?
Don't forget his country gravy shit shirts on his merch page. And hit up his pateron.
/r/armedbirds would like a word.
He just knows how to be needed.
That just means the fines aren't high enough.
Needs more butter
And Caesar is the name of the chef.
You don't? Get a load of this weirdo.
Well you could be from Columbia, OH or Columbia, MO.
So that's where the block for my trailer went.
Grahm and William Kellogg( the cereal brand) both had a hard on for anti masturbation.
Yup, mounted on the side like all of the other Glocks. Maybe you just need to look for them.
The strip clubs have to serve some kind of food.
A long sleeve t-shirt defeats your purgatory.
Exhibitionists rejoice.
I found a bleeding minigun which may be the most broken thing in the game. A fat man becomes unnecessary after that.
Just imagine what the people outside of that tent were experiencing: a profligate walks through the camp, enters Caesars tent, then a bunch of yelling and a giant explosion that nearly caves in the tent. Then you walk out admiring a shiny pistol.
Only devils play beyond this point.
Yeah and who cares? This is a link sharing website with millions of users. Do you think everyone spends all of their time on reddit?
The last time I climbed on bar they told me to leave :(
Because whining about a repost here is like whining about seeing two of the same fish in the ocean. It's pointless and some people may not have seen it yet.
Dude is going to have to delete his whole profile now.
Sex, drugs, rock and roll?
Sure in the case of someone posting their art or something and then claiming it as their own. This is a (poor) picture of a TV news channel. And OP didn't claim it was theirs.
Have you seen it before? I hadn't so it is new content for me and many others.
Its a Turkish thing.
Assistant to the manager huh?
Glory to the Waffle.
Needs more cheese for a proper tasty recipe.
So how was the coq au vin?
It's an effect of globalization. More and more cultures' foods are becoming commonplace so basic foods are becoming less popular. Combine that with a huge generation of people whose parents survived the Great Depression and you have a different mentality on what dining out is.
I'd eat Applebee's over Chili's any day. At least Applebee's grills some of their food.
Invite a friend. Now it's a social event.
Where I live the radio music options are top 40, rap, country, and gospel. The radio sucks.
Not only was nothing pro-gun passed, anti-gun laws were passed.
I think what they're referring to is people claiming they're allergic to things when they really just don't like them. I was working in a pizza restaurant and this lady comes in and says she's allergic to gluten. Okay so I go into contaminate mode and start cleaning everything off, getting new boards etc., and the bitch orders a beer. When told that beer has gluten in it, she blew it off and said some wouldn't hurt...
It's not that bad since he didn't slide. And the roll transferred most of his momentum.
The fall wasn't nearly as bad as this comment section is making it out to be. He might have some redness on his back maybe a scrape.
That's back behind the shed. That's still the yard.
That's dirt where they made a ramp with a tractor. It's probably pretty soft and it didn't hurt that bad. He might have a scrape or two. I have experience sliding across gravel at high speeds, he's fine
/r/nothingeverhappens
Bob Burnquist recorded most of his attempts at doing the first loop if you want to check out YouTube
That's a bechamel you moron.
He sent .50 bmg rounds into a line of hipoints he hates them so much.
But it has a foregrip on it.
Now he just sells a billion tshirts
I've been there, I've done the same fall, minus the stuck landing, it's not that bad. He lost a ton of momentum over the barrels. You're talking about a 4 foot fall at like 10 -15 mph. He might have a scrape or two and some redness.
Remember all those times you died in the dungeon. Skeleton remembers.
That's a lot of keyboard warrior-ing. it's easy to call others to act where the vast majority would freeze. It's easy to say that you'd be the one in 1000 that tackles a superior. It's not so easy to do.
Are you sure, or would he have tackled chauvin, the Asian cop would've drug him into a car to cool down and then he would've put his knee back on Floyd's neck?
The propulsion cannon is the best thing against the crab things. You just pick them up and launch them off the ship.
It's a brag
It's like the spouse of an officer in the military wanting special privileges because they're sleeping with an officer.
When she thinks she's an M1 Abrams, but she's really a t34
The classics are coming back
Well not all humans have reached that level it seems.
Ll q Lol 1nd
Woop Woop Woop Woop
He is wearing a Marines shirt.
Seriously Xanax will do way more to ruin your life than coke will.
What does CPS have to do with it? The cake isn't from his parents.
Absolutely, I just couldn't think of the names of any off the top of my head.
Balti-moron
On the subject of spousal haircuts: quoth the raven "Nevermore."
Even my Brother has wireless issues.
What is different in an endoflame and a furnace generator?
No that's where the meatballs come from.
That rat pulls a whole pizza down the stairs.
I think op just meant a potted plant
Roll Tide
\#alljobsmatter
Boom lift or man lift are the common terms.
Or falling hardware.
As long as it's not a nifty.
Articulaters are specific kinds of boom lifts.
Sunbelt will have it back working in a day or two.
How much did the deleted say?
You do not just walk down the boom.
Well it's a good thing the people she wanted to hurt don't know where she lives. Oh wait.
They're called cormorants in the south. Edit: cormorants are similar but different birds. Most are all black.
Un~~der~~insured
Someone doesn't have a wounding minigun and it shows.
He does talk about the Trojans right after.
same
Is the "forbidden song" a real thing?
This makes me slightly conflicted eating them as sandwiches.
Just start doing heroin, then once it gets bad, stop and go back to Reddit, they'll be relieved. Warning: This may not be sound advice.
I don't know, watching the love of your die slowly is pretty goddamned traumatic, so instead of making it a competition, have a little fucking compassion.
No he subcontracted his chores.
Until something brushes up against his foot.
