You absolutely can do that, but it might have negative consequences down the line.
You really need a 2nd one or this one is going to die of depression.
Can you plug a dual shock into it? Cause thats the ONLY way I'd buy one.
Neat and all, but just know if you have an accident with the dog in there, it's going to be crushed.
Too soon to tell, Strome has looked fine, our D is so damn bad everyone is gonna be a minus on this roster.
They say Nip on the show in S1, but they use it like its an "old" term, because only Juliana's mom uses it, the "old generation".
You get a gun, you shoot the HORSE not the man. Leave him stranded and unable to respawn.
She's gonna make some girl very happy one day.
Go back in time to the foundations of life on our planet, where the primordial ooze of life first combined to form the first multicellular organism....and I'd pour bleach into it.
Bertuzzi...sucker punch....what year is it?!
Where a bunch of sad homeless blue giants decide to forgive the human in a blue giant costume for allowing his people to destroy their home (and giving them all the knowledge needed to do it) AND let him lead their entire race in revenge because he jumped on a big orange flying thing...something literally ANY of the Navi should have been able to do themselves as easily as he did it. "You totally betrayed us and caused the deaths of countless members of our tribe, but you jumped on that things back, so its cool".
This movie actually was never really critically acclaimed, it was actually a total flop, it wasn't until years later it started to be shown on TV during Christmas and it sorta became a thing after that for awhile where it was THE Christmas movie, until "A Christmas Story" officially took over some years later.
The very next day.
Thanks for adding a new word to my porn search list!
All that, and they cut the scene in question from the film, lol.
Why can't I play as a Transexual Lesbian Dog in BF5? I thought this game was for EVERYONE?! Dogs were on the front lines battling the Germans until they took Moscow, geez EA make it happen!
Thanks friend!
I dunno about 100 pounds, waist down without most the guts? I'll give ya 60-70, and Adrenaline is a thing.
The round might be capable, but the guns aren't sniper rifles, they might not even be well rifled at all, these are standard issue grunt soldier rifles, thats expensive and time consuming at a VERY bad point in the war for the Japanese, supplies weren't great, these aren't perfect guns. Also, Rigor mortis. That body wasn't a normal living person, it was stiff and tough, and would cause a bullet much more trouble.
I don't recall the scene well enough to know how accurate his ammo count was. Edit: I counted like 24 muzzle flashes, lol. The DS being with the unit was a thing done during the 40's, that man spoke on camera (the real man) about all this, so I'm pretty sure thats not made up.
Since it would take endless amounts of clan battles to earn, this tells me I should never bother playing clan battles, so I guess I won't.
gane of the year
As someone who has had a lazy (and blind) eye corrected into position via mild surgery....no biggie.
We know you know, best not to bring it up unless its with a compassionate ear after getting to be friends.
Doesn't have to comply at all, if men trained in hand to hand combat (half of them served in the military too) can't disarm a knife, they should fucking retire.
Look, I can link videos too!: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=J9TFvh6Xps4
Fuck off. Lets just murder everyone who breaks any laws, speeding? EXECUTION! Jay walking? BEAT TO DEATH, TAZED, THEN SHOT IN THE HEAD FOR GOOD MEASURE. You apologist fucking sicken me.
/shrug, might as well send the petition and hope, but sounds to me like you should just get back on the XP train. Don't bind yourself inside a dungeon again, always just OUTSIDE the dungeon if you wanna be bound near it, that way you can gate out as well and don't have to worry about a train if you have aggro on anything.
They look like puritan settlers. All ya gotta do is one of two things, either make the white go all the way around, or pinch it off where it ends (sorta how the olds ones were)
I really want a Belfast, and I know this is my only chance for awhile....and I KNOW I won't get one either. /depressing.
Bottom line is you don't really NEED magic gear to play the game, those sorta items are luxuries in classic. That said, there are a LOT of items that are abundant at this point and might even be given to you for free, I've had multiple free things given to me from others over the time I've been on here, nothing too fancy, but some extra bells and whistles. I find EQ more rewarding when I can get something myself though, you should look into your class quests (if you have any) and see if you can do any of them solo around 30-40. I did the entire Totemic Armor chain solo, minus the chest piece (because who cares about that item anyway), and the sense of accomplishment was palatable.
/shrug. I buy premium by the day and only if I intend to play for 6+ hours since most premium time is wasted because it counts when you're offline anyway (which I think it super scummy of WG). Whats the point of 180 days of premium if you really only get ~45 days of PLAY TIME out of it? (25% or 6 out of 24 hours) I'd rather get doubloons then premium time, EVERY time.
Eh, how about white all the way around? I think it needs the white up top to match the rest of the jersey, really don't like the full red.
I'm hoping to open some coal tonight myself, about 100k from a Jean Bert with my coupon resetting on Christmas, so getting very close.
Oh man, I'm so gonna get a Le Terrible tonight, and I'm already depressed about it and it hasn't happened yet.
Update: Graf Spree (which I've had and sold because I hated it) and Krispy Kream, lol. Tons of coal though, so Jean Bert is close too.
I noticed it as well yeah, was unexpected, but probably needed. Machine empires were INSANELY overpowered before, there was almost no reason to play anything else outside of Role-play.
My emotional response to failure is: I suck at this, not gonna bother anymore.
Jeremy Colliton is: 3-10-2. Clearly it was a coaching problem Stan... /facepalm. Also, what exactly do we expect a first time coach with barely any experience to teach 3 time Stanley cup winners anyway? We are a garbage fire.
If we could just get general consensus that the movie was complete dog shit, we could start getting some GOOD Star Wars again. Its the people who accept whatever trash that is layed before them that ruin these new movies and lower their quality overall. You shouldn't apologize.
There is gameplay up on the web, it looks very good.
Uh huh, "toxic" used to be called "common sense", but now we have consider the feelings of people who can't rub two braincells together. Fuck'em!
Some things in life are not opinions but objective facts. TLJ being a terrible film with terrible plot, writing, and non-sense moments (even for Star Wars, which is fucking impressive to jump the shark in a series like Star Wars), is objective truth. I'm sorry if you are incapable of seeing it, maybe take a class on film? TLJ had all the hallmarks of someone who failed every basic film class he ever took.
I will continue to think of them not only as imbeciles but complaisant in the destruction of a series/franchise that was once very close to my heart, and for that I can never forgive them.
Not likely we're gonna strike gold like that again (1st overall). Would certainly be nice, but until we fix some problems on the back end, its not like he's gonna single-handedly return us to glory anyway.
I spent more than I should have....I didn't get very much that made me at all happy. Couple ships, none that I wanted, one that I had previously sold because it sucked so much and one that is considered by many the worst in the game. TONS of coal though, about 100k coal in total and easily 7000+ doubloons in the end, but my actual SHIP drops were trash....at least I can afford a Jean Bart now, just gotta wait for my coupon to open up again on Christmas cause 50,000 some coal savings is worth the wait. I got value probably, but in hindsight, probably shouldn't have opened them because I didn't get what I wanted to get, and the lack of that ship is making me not wanna play, so I intend to take an extended break unless they decide to sell the ship again.
I also got one, tried it out in a co-op game....yeah thats the last time I ever sail THAT POS. Whats the point of having 50 guns if you can only fire 4 at time?!
I got a free Alabama after I already had a Massachusetts and I'm like...why would I ever play this ship? Its just a Massachusetts without fun secondaries.
BB can't rush a smoke cloud and survive, sorry. CA will also get detected, see 7 pop up on his PT and die instantly as well. When I see a Belfast pop smoke, I see them 100% of the time sit there unopposed because nobody is capable of doing what you suggest without dying before they get there.
WWW, SSS, WWW, SSS, WWW, SSS - You'll never hit me in smoke.
Not the WHOLE series, just the last film of it...DUH. Why must you all be so dense?
Hey now, the new coach is 2-10-3, lets get it right.
Sigh, can we just go beg Q to come back? Mr. 2-10-3 has failed to impress. I'm sorry, but can someone explain to me what the youngest NHL coach in his first season, with little to no experience, is gonna teach 3 time cup champs? Cause I'd LOVE to know. This guy is a flop, nobody takes him seriously, least of which the locker room, half of which is older than him, and the newest freshest face off the farm has more game experience.
Half of that is cause you're a Belfast, the other half is because you're probably the closest Cruiser to the red team. I can't even play my Massachusetts anymore because the moment I'm detected my PT jumps to 8....I really don't get why I get focused so hard in that.
My last 4 super's. Zulu Flags, Coal, Coal, Zulu Flags. Coal is okay, Zulu flags are NEVER okay.
Why are these always set to a totally random and usually inappropriate song?
Is there a way to raise the cap? I haven't found it yet and I'm about like you, 12 or so over it.
If its as good as it looks like it could be, it could contend for RPG of the year, and if they win that, they'll have that recognition
It'll calm down in time, its just new.
Ohhhh, I gotcha, thanks for that info, I was getting worried that I couldn't expand anymore or that the penalty would become extreme as I continued, but if its just that then I can ignore it.
I'd rather have Det flags! At least I use those in my DDs and Cruisers (that have torps and run the flag for more flooding)
Repercussions? They'll probably get a promotion!
Run for it Marty!
Still lots of dev time, this isn't a B.E.T.A 2 weeks before launch
If someone did this, the "washed hands" bar would be covered in human shit, people are monsters.
LA will win the lottery.
Might as well take a ton of penalties against us too.
I'm pretty confident the gameplay will be fun. I'm 100% sure I won't understand the plot...at all.
Yes! I hate this revisionist history crap about Q not playing kids. He played Panarin didn't he? Cat? Countless others that have succeeded and failed, but he gave them chances if they deserved the chances. People wanna shit on him for guys like Marko Dano? Career AHL player? Q saw he was worthless through 1 game, thats all he needed to know what some GMs are still figuring out, Dano doesn't have it. We gave up one of the best eyes for talent in the league, because Stan is a bad GM.
Shaw, Bolland, Kruger, just go look up our past cup winning teams of players, many of them are gone though.
The fact Q got as much as he did out of them, and they went elsewhere and did nothing, speaks to the quality of coaching Q gave us.
Because there is no rational argument for him being gone. He's the 2nd all time winningest coach in the NHL, he's gonna get hired to coach another team and probably take the #1 spot before he retires and is put into the Hall of Fame. But at least we got the youngest coach in the league now, who's entire NHL experience prior to coaching our team was 5 season for the Islanders, total games, 57 NHL and 326 AHL games. Yeah, 326 AHL games during his 5 season NHL career...wasn't good enough to stay up. He was pretty decent in the AHL too lots of points, but in his 57 NHL games he only mustered 3 goals, 3 assists. Q was a top 4 defenseman his ENTIRE NHL career, which was 12 seasons, without being sent to the AHL once. Moral of the story: Better hockey players have better eyes for talent and success, we are built to fail right now. At least the draft is good this year.
Paywall, what does it say?
Irassians are a no for sure, haven't gotten the others yet, Irassians left me a 10 science world (all 3) and a 5 gas 5 alloy resources all in space, so thats not completely terrible, more gas &amp; alloy is always useful.
I hope you guys make Todd Howard cry, I wanna see him cry.
Currently, it appears to be, find lame first time coach to take fall for team to tank into getting a top 2 pick. Makes even more sense about firing Q if you think about it like that, he wouldn't wanna be around for the tank, man likes to WIN too much, so Colliton was brought in to fail and seal the tank to get a top pick.
Thats the point of habitability though. You could just avoid the + habitability techs and give them the Nonadaptive trait as well.
His voice acting was so bad, so very very bad. Its like if a piece of wood attempted to sound like 50's mobster.
My cat also LOVES the snow, she's not an outside cat, but she sits in the widows and just gazes out at the snow, very happily. I dunno what it is about the snow she likes to look at so much, maybe its just easier to see movement?
I'm expecting some very good ambient music to give the world a "vibe", I wouldn't expect any real songs, but maybe a few here and there where they make sense (like on a space station, that might play real music through the speakers).
But nobody else sounds as flat as him, and he screws up the word emphasis of the line he's reading MULTIPLE times in the game. Its just a bad performance. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=d8EYDvesick
Shame, I'm gonna go with, shame.
He proved he was a good AHL coach, like he was a good AHL player...
Try it for 20+ years and see how it fits.
Fun possible "bug" I've found relating to the slave market. I'm playing Borg, ya know, assimilators. Next door is a slaver. I conquer and assimilate the slavers. WHILE I'm assimilating their conquered worlds, they SELL MY SLAVES to the market, about 1k each, happened 3 times (once per planet actually). The extra energy didn't hurt or anything, but I didn't want those guy to be sold...
They mostly lose at night....mostly.
Anyone who says "Q's system was outdated" literally knows NOTHING about Hockey, please don't speak.
BURN IT!
I wasn't, fuck you too, another block for the list.
....is it okay to fuck it though?
Everyone is strong in 2.2.1 IMO. I find Machine empires have a rougher start than most, hurting for resources. But if you think Assimilators are OP, Megacorps make them look WEAK. My 2nd attempt at a MegaCorp, I had hit my resource cap on basically everything in the first 20 years, and it never really dropped below cap (with food being the exception), I even increased my cap as I went and kept hitting the new caps while aggressively expanding and fighting those I had to fight (was more xenophile so little fighting). Megacorps are WAY WAY more OP, they have so many energy credits that there is simply NEVER a lack of available resources at any point of the game, especially right at the start, Megacorps probably have the easiest start of anyone with the trade bonuses.
This isn't Fallout 4, nobody cares about "building", this isn't a "sandbox" game, its a linear narrative RPG with branching storylines. I hear Fallout 76 has tons of building, all the building you could ever build.
Depends on the story and how branchy that story becomes. I would expect maybe a solid 20-40 solid single player hours if played at a normal pace, thats fairly standard (maybe 10 if you rush), with speed runners eventually getting it down to maybe 3 hours. As long as the gameplay is good enough and the story good enough and the choices meaningful enough to really CHANGE that story around in meaningful ways, it hardly matters IMO.
To me, its the opposite. Suddenly dropping and entire structure into the world is the opposite of "role play" to me. I'd much prefer to have "faction housing" thats appropriate depending on which faction I wanna team up with. After all, how does this character have time to do this? Aren't there more pressing concerns that out-weight your need to put a personal stamp on the world nobody can see but you? Plus, its a huge development challenge, and its hard to get working well, as Bethesda shows with how buggy their system can be and how poorly it handles in game, excessively clunky and hard to use. I'd rather they focused on the stuff that matters and not waste time on a half-baked system to spawn objects in the world.
Its not the existence of the house thats the problem, its the way the player controls that action. Opening up a menu, selecting "house" and spawning something in the world, isn't Role Play. Buying a house (thats already built) from an NPC so you can now live there, THATS Role Play. Role play is not "changing the world around you", its interacting with the world you are given and influencing that world as much as a PERSON could influence it. Spawning objects into the world is crossing a line.
"more than the rest of the NHL combined"....what? Yes, 5 is more than 3, which is the number of remaining years from 2018-2010, 8-5=3 They have won less cups than all combined teams since 1970, so that means its okay we get the first pick. See how that makes no sense?
"God" sure does love him some murder.
Since this is like the 15th time this has been reposted in the past 2 months, I'm gonna go with. NO.
Wow, I think we have the next coach of the Blackhawks, the coach of the Townsend Tigers.
The Trump Campaign.
Fun fact, if OV can play for 5-6 more years, and score about 50 goals each yeah, he could actually challenge 99's goal record.
So...they're being chased by a city?....thats alive...or being controlled by baddies? New sci-fi just never seems to grab me.
Is there a point where we pass Elaine with vodka? Is there another level?
2 shells would basically have to have zero spread and whatever sigma is nearest to perfect as well for this to have literally any value, OR it needs to somehow be a secondary ship with range that isn't pathetic like Misaka
Horrible and the team response was a joke, they should be embarrassed.
He knew what he was doing, he was going wide but wanted to stop short to be in front of the goalie, but he pushes off Strome in order to do it instead of stopping himself, causing Strome to lose his balance while also attempting to stop.
Nothing exists without some fucking piece of shit trying to ruin it for everyone.
Time to become a goalie coach Crow. Gotta say, if new coach can't get his team angry and fired up to at least COMPETE in a hockey game after their starter takes a major injury, he should NOT be an NHL coach, pathetic effort last night after Crow went down, pathetic.
Thats a cool new tech, 2.2 has a bunch of very rare and interesting technologies.
That means its a "comfort toy", she is a little scared fo the strangers and wants a comfort item, thats why its no take.
I figured it was because my fleet was 20x the strength of who I was fighting....
Maybe its so people can easily mod it back in?
Super super fake.
I have YT Premium, I don't see ads. (I did it for Cobra Kai)
Shoulders have always been oversized, its part of the suit.
It was about 10%, maybe 12%, its a ballpark not an exact figure. 20% unity is okay, but I've found myself blowing through the trees right now with how much unity you can generate. Energy isn't in short supply. Mastery of Nature is amazing again, since more districts = more people and Technology Ascension is always a no-brainer, not a SINGLE perk is better than those two for your first two, after that, Galactic Force Projection is an obvious #3 choice as at that point you are entering the mid-game and need a big fleet. Perk 4+ are end-game perks and megastructure or Colossus perks or terraforming Perks, whichever direction you wanna go. Can you compare ANY of those to Imperial Prerogative (+30 is too low), Grasp the Void (which is a repeatable tech and not at all needed since the current starbase cap is VERY high base), Interstellar Dominion (total waste with how the new economy works)....maybe Executive Vigor is okay? I haven't found myself hurting for renewing edicts right now.
Because early game, you aren't getting 10%, you aren't getting anything, because you haven't hit the cap yet, the +30 Admin Cap does NOTHING until after you EXCEED the cap you have.
Well, I've been starting on expansion first tree for basically everyone lately, and it has a built in +20 Admin Cap in it, so that helps, but I find I can't beat my cap until about 60 some years into the game, just because of neighbors and resources limitations. Either way, at its BEST Imperial Prerogative its AS GOOD AS Technology Ascension in terms of research, and at its worst it does literally nothing, makes Technology Ascension better by default, especially as a first choice.
Sure, around 60-80, absolutely, but thats either AT cap or just over/under it, so the effects of it are very small, only a few % in either direction. I got like 10-15% back when I was like 200+ over my cap, thats 100+ years into the game. And if being over by 200+ is only 10-15%, then being over by just say...30...is literally insignificant.
Again, until you VASTLY exceed your cap, your gains aren't 20%....its more like 5% or less. You gotta be HUNDREDS over your cap to get 20% unity, and that means you probably have 6+ planets and don't need that 20% unity back since you have a planet that does nothing but make unity.
This is true, and Admin Cap isn't totally worthless, I'm just saying its effects early in the game when you are AT cap or barely over it, is TEENIE TINY and certainly less than 10% from Tech Ascension.
I guess? When I finally took it my energy production was like +300 and I had been resource capped at like 30k for over a decade....but, okay. I suppose it depends what kinda empire you are playing, but my robots were just fine without it. I only took IP to see how much % I'd gain back on research and I wasn't all that impressed.
Ahh, good to know, so 30 over the cap is 9% tech penalty every time, so officially less than the TA perk by 1%. And only Tech and Unity actually matter to Admin Cap, the leaders stuff is easily ignored entirely, so that does make it more on par
Actually, its 9%, its a fixed rate of 0.3% per 1 point for Tech and 15% for Unity (0.5% per 1). I'm not really arguing so much as discussing, I don't mind being wrong, I still don't feel its worth taking until fairly late.
Thats a fair point.
9% tech, 15% unity (for 30 admin cap), and the leader changes are so meaningless you can pretend they don't exist.
He just wants to sniff that kitty butt.
Only 28 years? Why do women always get lighter sentences?
If you focus hard on pop growth from traits down you can grow very fast, Mastery of Nature is also about adding the additional districts which if you grow fast, you can use quickly.
I wish that I could just wish away half the people.....
They have to be good before they can be traded to playoff teams. Ansimov is probably the most trade-able that could get value though.
Come on knock on our door.....
You might still be able to find an old no-cd crack.
Anyone can win Draw 1, and thats the only way he's winning 99% of his games. Draw 3 is for real hardcore solitaire nerds.
I can't even bring myself to watch anymore at this point, I'll check the score out before bed.
I tried, said I had 2 files that were wrong, but I couldn't try another game to test it to see if it loaded.
Port queen #65, I'll earn it, and I'll never play it.
I have a pretty powerful machine. 2.2 is the slowest the game has EVER run and it gets slower and slower as the AI expands. "Fastest" pre-2.2 was like 1 month every 5 seconds, now its more like every 10-15 seconds.
Premier is a dirty word.
I purchased the French captain with doubloons last night, immediately trained him to at least 12, put EM and AR on him (this guy gets buffed versions of it), tossed him on the Lyon and had a Kraken/Confederate game with 150k damage. Worth it.
$50 for the steel mission....hahahaha, no wg, NO NO NO NO.
Trump: "Kim has made, what I think, is a really great offer"
Ugh, the new sectors are really annoying. Why is this planet thats 3 jumps away from this other planet in another sector?! Why do I have ZERO control over which systems my sectors control in the first place?! Needing a governor basically PER PLANET unless you get sorta lucky is very annoying and expensive.
I get really depressed when the game starts and its "B/C!"....no, thats not how you play, you push the whole front evenly, you figure out which side the enemy is pushing hard, you retreat the side and you push on the flank you find open. Thats how you win games kids. Going "B/C" and putting all your ships on 1 side = loss.
This is a VERY strategic game if you put even a tiny bit of thought into it, the people that think this is an FPS game are the first to die. A static defense is not required at all, all you need to know is enemy position and heading, you can work with that to place yourself in positions where you limit incoming fire while being able to do damage yourself, or if needed, simply kite away because not doing so would equal instant death. You win more games by staying alive than you ever will getting 5+ kills, using everything to your advantage to survive and do as much as possible is key to victory.
I disagree that any cap is a "detriment" on any map, some might be easier than others to work with, but all are always valuable. Its up to the "holding force" to figure out (and quickly) if they CAN hold or if they need to start their kite. I've held sides in a Cruiser against 3-4 ships before, just kiting, going stealth, popping up, starting some fires, going stealth, just enough to be annoying and force people to turn their guns around while I angle and attempt to mitigate damage. If the "holding force" tries to cap the point against a superior force, then yes, they are "free kills". People too often just fire at anything in sight and don't take into account if its a good idea or not.
I'm not good enough with the maps names to know which map you are referring too (and google doesn't seem to wanna show me either, keep getting tank maps, you sure you got the name right?). If you are alone, of course, if you're in even a small 3 ship group...scout it out first, carefully. You also want more firing angles as possible, having all your ships in 1 general area makes it harder for the TEAM to do damage. If you spread out and can fire from nearly 180 degrees on 1 ship, there is simply nothing that ship can do to survive, as opposed to limiting your firing angles so that the ship can turn to mitigate
Yikes this looks bad.
Swearing and violence? It'll get an M, which is just fine IMO.
Okinawa is an exception to many things....fun being another one of them, thats probably why its being changed. Even as it stands, if BOTH teams B/C, then whoever bothers to still send someone to A has a good chance of winning.
Shiny!
REALLY religious? Butt stuff right? Right?! /fistbump.
Just build a starbase with some guns on it, you have 4 free.
Eh, most religious people haven't actually read the bible, had you kept your cool you'd still be in that butt, friend. C'est la vie
Oh thats easy, you've seen the Shawshank Redemption right? Mark 13:35, that'll gape any religious lady, lol.
This was pretty funny and fun stand-alone movie....making a sequel seems a bit...dumb. Also, how the HELL did the 90's kid know who the real people were from the game...not only like 20 year later, but without ever seeing them...and he did it INSTANTLY, just knew without even a word spoken.
I guess, its just a really stupid moment in a movie thats mostly just silly and fun, but I still feel it ruined the ending, the kids should realize who HE is and then reveal themselves to him as the kids who saved him in the game...you still get the touching moment, without totally forcing the scene by giving the character a copy of the script.
Put a box attached the ground (via a cable or something), make it electrified and activated if its picked up off the ground. Leave it on your porch all year long. Betcha nothing gets stolen from your place again after that.
"This game running on a 15 year old engine that looks like something made in 2005 is BEAUTIFUL!". Sure, its amazing if its the only game you've played in the past decade, no doubt...however, if you've played ANYTHING else, its ugly as sin.
Hard to role-play when the game isn't actually an RPG....
Thats fun and all, but it lacks the horrible pain factor, which is important to me.
Someone should be able to isolate the audio and remove it so we can hear what was said...
That's a good quarter inch past the line...why is that no goal? All you gotta do is follow the goal line...its clearly over.
Notser taking it to a new level.
Let all the air out of the tires AND have it towed.
Looks like it might have been a goal too (close to the post)...way to get in the way Wheeler.
Getting my Jean Bart tomorrow!
I think this could be solved by secluding T10 to itself. T9 ships aren't nearly as overpowered as the T10's are (when compared to 8's). Tier 8 might even become the default "best tier" to play, over Tier 7 with a change like this. Everytime I want to play a T8 ship I have the pause...the delay...because I Know my chances of being bottom tier and thus at a potential significant disadvantage is so discouraging I don't even wanna risk the matchmaking.
Probably Saad. Great when he shows up, but can easy turn invisible.
America.
Ahh, the neck cramps....I remember you like yesterday
I certainly can't find success with it. If it can't fire over an island, it doesn't have much practical use.
I love having my free built in anti-theft system, and its more fun to drive!
Automatic transmissions cost more is the deal. Manual's just cost less the make, because well, you don't have to install an automatic transmission. Automatics are also harder to service, while the most you'll likely need to do with a stick is a clutch replacement after like 4-5 years (if you're hard on it) which is pretty simple for most cars.
I sorta enjoy it too, but I'm rather unimpressed by the available buildings and all my games are becoming very samey because of it. Colonize planet, houses first, then energy/farms, minerals if needed next....commercial building next for amenities, then research/alloy/whatever I need at the time....toss in another farm or energy as you go, repeat.
The concept is the kid putting themselves into the role of the toy they have. So the naked beefcake represents Strength and power "Grr I wanna be tough!" while the barbie represents attractiveness, fashion, and being the spotlight of attention.
Hope it doesn't catch fire....
Most manuals are advertised with better gas mileage as a selling point. Yeah, in the SUPER SPORTS cars, the automatic is better than a human would ever be capable of performing...they also use clutchless paddle shifters too.
....yes, I'm sure it has ZERO to do with CVs completely dominating the outcome of every single game they join, wether that be by being great or terrible, but dominating none the less and the fact there was zero counter play against "click on you, boom"...I'm sure that had nothing at all to do with it. Does the console players benefit? I guess, since the game can fully port itself....but I think you're failing to realize they could have made a console port and just not included CVs at all, and its likely the console crowd the did decide to pickup and play wouldn't give a shit...the game does say WARSHIPS on it, and carriers are not really considered "WARSHIPS" like a Battleship is. Multiple birds with 1 stone, I can't wait for the rework to hit live so that when I join a game and see a CV I don't become immediately enraged that I can't play the game I queued up to play and now have to play an entirely different game (the flow of the game is dramatically different with and without a CV).
Try revving the engine from idle to 1000 RPM just before you take off, it'll be a bit quicker (little jump off the line) but you'll never stall. 1000 RPM shouldn't be enough to squeal the tires or anything annoying.
Its a naval vessel. Personally, my definition of "warship" is something that has guns on it and I don't count secondaries.
I was able to hear "fucking" until I heard it the other way, now I can't hear "fucking" anymore. Weird.
This bugs me as well.
All my old saves are corrupted and I'm way underpowered. :(
I miss Herman Munster. "Sometimes dead is better".
If it can't reach at LEAST 8KM range, there is no point to a secondary build at all.
We men just slap each pocket once. Keys, check, phone check, wallet, check, GOOD TO GO!
Probably because its fake and didn't happen.
Fake trash is "awesome"?
"How do I get back into popular culture....I know, I'll appear on every single popular youtube channel in existence!". Clever little shit. :)
Work for me sometimes....often it doesn't, doesn't seem to matter how long I hold it. I've started tapping my horn because its more likely to trigger it.
Looks great! I don't wanna see CVs 1-shotting ANYTHING after 0.8, that was the #1 problem with them originally.
So? Why is 1-attack sinking something we want? Thats terrible. Its suppose to be multiple runs for SOME damage...as its a TEAM GAME.
19k damage in 1 attack isn't enough for you? What would "balanced in the middle" be exactly? 40k? So an entire match worth of DD damage in 1 attack would be "balanced" for you?
When those enemies sail in a straight line and make ZERO attempt to actively play the game....yup, 100%, BB's and DD's can 1-shot bots...thats your argument? 1-shotting bots over is = to 1-shotting people who are doing everything possible to avoid dying (current CV)?
And he can attack again...and again...and again...and again...and again... You seem to think its still 1 attack every 5 minutes or something.
That was not able to be dodged, that video on this post, that was basically point blank, thats why its not allowed to 1-shot, because that would be stupid as fuck. Would you playing a BB want to be 1-shot in that situation? Would you think that was fair and engaging gameplay? You question my logic but compare a point blank torp drop to a 10 KM drop into a straight sailing BB....yeah, its MY logic thats the problem.
Wtf are you talking about? It says 1.5KM away when he released them, thats pretty damn point blank, especially against a BB.
....what? If you wanna be impressed by 5 minutes worth of video editing I guess thats on you.
I'm scared to play this game. I've wanted to play it since it released, but everytime I think about it I get scared about the idea of actually doing it.
I had a teacher like this, he LOVED to talk about how he was drafted by the Yankees, but because of Vietnam, couldn't take it and instead went to college to avoid having to go to war and never getting another chance at MLB again. It was literally half the school year he did this, the other half we watched movies, often about Hitler and WW2. World History class in HS btw.
Sooo...exactly what I said then? Or would you count a random boat with a shotgun a "warship" as well?
K, well as far as I'm concerned, that definition just confirms what I said, because a CV doesn't have deck guns, and because it does not specify what classifies as "gun", one can only assume it means deck guns and not small side guns or AA guns or handheld guns or flare guns, because then otherwise, taking a shotgun into a paddle boat makes it a "warship"
Because our civilization lacks structure and doesn't reward the correct people. Why should I waste my effort and time attempting to get a degree and do this and that just so I can end up right where I already am? There are no promises, there is no "you do this, and you'll have a great happy life" and because of that, I see no reason to bother with ANY of it. I've fully checked out of society, I get up, I go to work that I mostly can't stand and come home and just do anything I can to attempt to get SOME form of enjoyment out of a day and I go to sleep repeat it the next day.
PADDLE BOAT WITH SHOTGUN = WARSHIP. If thats what you agree with, there isn't much point talking to you any longer, because thats a stupid as fuck position to hold. I can't wait to tell my uncle he's been sailing a warship this whole time because he has a flare gun on his boat.
The dictionary does not define what "gun" means in this context, so you're talking out of your ass.
Most people don't seem to understand how powerful RDF actually is...its incredibly powerful, especially on a DD, Its probably the single most powerful tool you can access for really any ship. The reason its not talked about much and many don't get its power, is because concealment and IFHE or Fire Prevention are taken instead, and only a few select ships can afford three 4-point talents. I run RDF on my T-61 because it really doesn't benefit well from IFHE and I've torpedoed enemy DDs via radio location alone.
I don't find its worth it for BBs at all. Going from 14 KM to 13 KM hardly matters. I always take Fire Prevention on my BBs
The upgraded modules ARE mandatory, its just a progression line instead of a talent, which is why its different.
American mostly, but I don't play them often at all.
If the enemy team has a single DD alive, you're never disengaging, meanwhile BB's are HE magnets, which is why I prefer FP.
Always amazes me how people are able to recognize one another after so much time has passed on the body and face.
1: You can keep collecting until you have them, even if the event ends. 2: Duplicates can be turned into the ones you don't have, every 5, so IMO duplicates are nearly just as good, as eventually you WILL complete the set.
There is not a single product on the ENTIRE Apple line I'd buy right, and I'm typing this from my 2015 MacBook Pro, my 5th mac laptop in my life. All the new laptops are worthless to me with those USB-C ports, I'd be in adapter hell. The keyboards are terrible, break constantly, and feel awful. The Retina LCD displays fail too often as well.
Seems like a great trick to make people panic break in the middle of the road and cause an accident.
Devs seem to think they can make mobile as popular here (States) as it is in China, but fail to understand WHY its popular in China. Main reason: Lack of living space. Tons of chinese people LIVE in "apartments" the size of a bathroom, they have no space for TVs and consoles and PCs, but they have phones, so they play games on them, and they don't have a lot of extra money to spend, so "microtransations" are something they can legit budget for to increase their personal enjoyment. In the states, we all have phones, but the only people playing games on the phones are like 10 year olds and adult Pokemon fans, thats about it, we have PCs and Consoles and REAL GAMING machines we'd much rather use to play games with. Also, only a few select games really work with a touch-screen interface, basically slow, turn based, strategy games (Hearthstone) where your finger just acts like a big mouse cursor with large objects to click on, anything beyond THAT tends to be unplayable trash.
Lies, you rub that shit on your finger, then rub your finger on your lips, rough and hard. Done and done.
The egg is also upside down, it opens from the top.
what does that have to do with the WC? Delia just played and Ward can turn it on in big moments.
2001? I had something else in mind - https://youtu.be/kbG3N51MEjM?t=11
Not really, from the looks of it, AA is worthless and need major adjustment.
Every single free santa crate I have opened has had Zulu flags, literally EVERY one.
Yeah, I'm experienced into T10 myself, and people don't really get how horrible it can be sometimes. Planes can just evaporate in front of you. When you have the advantage, you have it all day and the player is helpless, when you don't, you can't do a thing.
So everyone saying "Use your sectors" for the past few months, vindication!
I thought the video was pretty damn clear, it was offsides. Why they didn't call it correctly is anyones guess, but it was offsides clear as crystal.
If THATS the reason, then fine, but I didn't hear that discussed at all at the time.
I would be unable to NOT at least rub their clits as I passed by...how could you not?!
Most captain skills are at this point as well.
Every night I jump on to play, I end up playing 1 game and leaving in disgust. Either I get CVs or I get god awful teammates who literally do nothing but take shells and die. Last night, same thing, 1 game of ranked, we got crushed, we had the only rental of course, all the BBs went to the same side...crushed. Alt-F4 to desktop. Its intolerable.
On the bright side, with all those people, hopefully nobody lets you take a nap (aka, die).
It was probably more done because of lack of system memory on the older consoles.
26 years on complex story that has only been actually fleshed out at all in the last like...5 years. Planewalkers, the same like 6 of them, regurgitated over and over again.
Yeah, correct, I don't know or care....mostly because all I remember of the game is how its design will just screw you over and prevent you from playing the game randomly...because its a poorly designed game. Too few land, you lose, too many land, you lose. Also going 2nd is a major disadvantage most of the time...unless you play control, in which case, you aren't really playing, you're just preventing your opponent from playing. Playing control is about the same as playing solitaire. And if you have to mulligan, you probably already lost, because card advantage is 99% of the game. Also they keep trying to make the same failed designs repeat over and over. Blue/Black mill? Will NEVER be a workable deck, yet every set, that combo gets some new stupid mill effect that nobody ever uses. Oh, and competitive play comes down to how much money are you willing to spend...and the more you spend, the more competitive your deck will be. MTG is the original Pay2Win. If you have rares and your new playing opponent only commons and uncommons, you automatically win.
Geez people, just roll a J and smoke that, nobody is gonna notice you from 50 feet away and think its anything other than a cig
Nah, I'm pretty good at Magic actually, I just don't like the game and I especially don't like Wizards of the Coast and their artificial control of when things are and aren't printed, which is then exploited by companies that buy hundreds of boxes and sell the cards off individually and have total control to make prices ridiculous because of said lack of printing of the card. Back when I was playing, I was playing modern, Affinity (it was the easiest to build), but I wanted to branch out to other decks, I have an issue though, I needed dual lands...I think they were on-color fetch lands? The off-color were in print and the on-color were not, but the next set looked like it was gonna have on-color fetch lands....then it came out, and they didn't...and the prices of those cards doubled overnight. I quit a few days later, sold all my cards to the local shop (for about $1500) and never looked back. If they aren't gonna sell the cards I need for a reasonable price, they can fuck right off.
St. Louis has my vote. 3 sweeps in the finals, probably gonna lose again this year (as much I don't want that to happen).
What, Scry 1? Marginal, but being down a card is a significant disadvantage regardless, and it doesn't fix the real problem, which is that your opening hand is TOO random and has no consistency. I think a better rule would be: Mulligan only the cards you don't want mulligan, and draw cards equal to the number you discard, and you can only do it once. So you might keep 2 lands and 1 specific spell you want, and replace the other 4 cards with new ones. Nobody has to go to 6, keeping the match more equal, and you can help prevent mana screw by keeping or not keeping the lands and such. Would result in better games on more even footing. Instead of "keep or goto 6" basically everyone would keep a few and draw a few replacements (cause why wouldn't you at that point), but it keeps everything on a level and equal playing field. Giving both decks the chance to play their deck "optimally" would be more interesting than 1 person going off while the other gets fucked. The one thing to figure out, would be, do you shuffle the old cards into the deck before you re-draw, or do you keep those excluded and just draw off the top and THEN shuffle them back in? I'd be fine with either, but sorta feel like drawing off the top with no shuffle until after is better.
Well, turn 1 wins are whole other issue, those shouldn't exist anyway and should be purposely broken (via bans) by Wizards. Nobody should ever be able to win the game without their opponent having a turn, FoW or not.
I just hate the Bruins more ;)
Whats with the 1970's projection screen filter on the edges?
"If you own it" which is exactly why most agreements these days don't give you ownership of anything you buy, you are simply "renting" it.
Not enough to even get into Mun orbit, in order to rescue you'll need another lander than CAN leave.
Yes, its called a "Suicide Burn" and will probably require a mod to do the calculations for it, but you basically burn hard at the very last moment you could....thats the most efficient because you won't regain any speed from falling that you need then re-burn off.
Just in case anywhere here isn't aware: Apple has been selling a keyboard thats been on official "recall" (Apple calls them "Repair Extension Programs" or REP) since 2016. Every unit with the new keyboard made in 2016 till today is faulty out of the box. Your brand new $2000 laptop has a design flaw that Apple continues to sell.
Can't actually share the internal articles, I would be breaking the NDA, however the program is public and fairly well known. https://www.apple.com/support/exchange_repair/ (#1 on the list)
"Habitable" and Being able to visit are very different things. Habitable means you can live there long term, have crops, livestock, etc. You could certainly visit, as your exposure would be limited, but if you lived there for 20 years, you might get cancer early in life.
The failure rates are higher than Apple is willing to publicly admit. I do at least one top case replacement every single day because of this issue. Every day.
The issue is that the keys don't have a lot of space to function, they are very very flat, as a result, small particles of food and grim can find their way under keys and become trapped. Sometimes the keyboard can be cleaned, often it must be replaced entirely. If you are EXTREMELY clean with your keyboard (keyboard cover wouldn't hurt either), you probably won't experience the issue.
I work in a place the sells and services Macs, when this video first came out, we legit had someone come in and ask to see one...we aren't sure to this day if he was actually being serious or fucking with us, but it happened, and was seemingly angry we didn't have one.
For the Greatest Hits? I thought only the original 3 disc set had any real value. I have one btw, the jewel case is cracked, but its an original 3 disc set with manual in good condition.
Interesting, I thought it was Terrance Mann, a hippy writer who eventually goes to Iowa with Ray Kinsella to disappears into a cornfield. Reference: https://youtu.be/ur7pHRRKhV4?t=74
Indeed and thank you, I think it would build strong trust between parent and child as well, giving them the a sense of personal responsibility.
I took off the whole week of August 26th-30th off for the WoW Classic launch ;)
A: We should kill all babies as they are born, skin them alive and drink their blood. B: We shouldn't kill all babies. Great poll...
Totally deserves it as well, rarely have I ever been so drawn in and hooked so fast that i couldn't stop until I watched all 5 episodes.
8.2? Thats doubtful. It might drop to 9.5 or 9.4 or something, but the majority love this show and will continue to sing its praises.
I thought he was gonna stay in Columbus?
Official Trailer: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HTSf-4rDFFo
All of it.
Qeynos is much better (also has a follow up turn-in for even MORE exp), the Halas one is mostly for Barbarian reputation.
As long as you stop once it reaches dubious, you'll be fine, and who cares if its very little, extra free EXP is extra free EXP.
The people around him create that web, not him.
He names them in fact, grabiods.
Preventing natural selection from doing its thing.....
I hate how staged Sam looks in that, food is just perfectly placed on her instead of her just making a natural looking mess.
Fuck that bible beating nutbag. Chuck Norris was "cool" 15 years ago, not today.
How could the know they got them ALL? I betcha there is at least one spy who just kept living in England and never looked back.
I can't believe anyone listens to this idiots "Music", no talent at all.
Lemme just take my cruiser to the middle of the map, what could go wrong?!
Well, thats easy. Assuming its 100% accurate...just repeat the mistakes of Chernobyl. Run at 1600 MW for 10 hours to allow xenon to form, then take it down to 700, the xenon will poison the core and plummet power even further, once it nearly bottoms out and is holding, pull 99% of the control rods, then shut off the water pumps, when power begins to spike, AZ-5, which should cause the explosion (as long as the rods have graphite tips)
There is a cord attached to the bike and the rail it was leaning against, it was suddenly pulled backwards, if its staged, dude made an awful risk to do it. Looks like a bike thief trap to me.
"them" who? Good luck figuring it out.
Remotely operated, you can control zoom remotely.
I dunno if its clearly visible or not, I tried very hard to find them in the reverse shots with no luck.
The xenon is the "poison" in the core which allowed the almost all the rods to be removed without without the core doing much in response, remember the rods have to be put back into the core to cause the explosion, if you just took a healthy core and removed the rods, I believe you'd just end up with a meltdown before you could do the other things needed to cause the explosion. The core at Chernobyl would have just been a melt down, but they did the AZ-5, which as we know, accelerated it, it was 200+ rods all entering at once with their tips that caused it to explode.
I looked to me like he isn't a very good bike rider and instead of using the brakes, he intended to use his foot to stop, but the bike it pulled out before he gets that far...
Pretty universally panned, to be expected.
It should say "Find another introvert"
1: Nah, near total immunity to HE is grossly overpowered. The rest of the ship is fine, but its too durable to a weapon type thats more or less required 95% of the time (any angle = HE required). Being able to just bow tank everything and be immune to what should punish that is stupid and too powerful. 2: CVs should be removed as they break concealment entirely. Why even have concealment as a stat if you're just gonna be spotted 100% of the time anyway? Either remove CVs or remove concealment and replace it with giving EVERYONE smoke or something, some way to hide. 3: You get a rental, you lose, its basically automatic. CVs ruin it further. Getting a rental on your team (without the other team having one as well at least) and/or a CV, means you won't have any fun and the entire game is a waste of your time.
Epic games store = Don't care.
Being able to effectively use google to get the results you want is a skill a LOT of people don't seem to have.
Thats the radiation.
Neat, I might just turn Fallen Empires back on now.
I feel this like entire film idea is just a way to get people to stop associating John Turturro with being a pedo because he's called one in the movie, like, he's doing it for personal reasons so his face is not associated with pedophilia. 8 years olds Dude.
Looks okay. I don't get something though, if they're just going to attempt bad impressions of the actors from the movies...why not just get the actors from the movies? Also, they didn't use the theme from the movie either. How can you spend years making the MCU and then make a video game and not use anything from it?
Top: 1-2. Bottom: 3-4. If you replaced image 3 with another copy of image 1, she'd spell "Anal"
Vault designed to slowly close itself off, making the total living space smaller and smaller which each cycle of closing until just one room remains.
I still hate the Bruins, don't worry.
Oof...tough one, less...I guess. :)
We? No We. Me.
I'm surprised they have no way to disable him remotely.
In 1985, we figured, most people are as smart as we are. By 2019, we've realized that everyone is really fucking stupid.
Good luck with Ranger in green, they don't get their Animal Fear until much later, meaning they effectively cannot solo at all after like 25-30.
Star Wars mixed with Arizona Green Tea....
I've been playing Warplanes myself. I'm not enough of a masochist to play Tanks.
I've played about 200 or so games in the past 3 weeks. Average number of human players per game, is between 2 and 6 I'd say. Most I saw in a single game is probably 10 (5 on each side) or so. So yeah, lots of bots, but its still pretty fun, the bots aren't 100% useless like the co-op bots in Warships that just charge straight ahead. They dodge, they maneuver, they stick to your tail, they're actually fairly challenging sometimes. A good human player is usually better, but its often more fun to fight bots than people, since bots will break off and keep the fight fluid where if you meet another person in the air it usually turns into a turning fight and if both planes are equal you'll spend all game going in circles until someone else comes along to end one of you. It has problems for sure (its a buggy mess of a game), but I'm still enjoying it more than Warships right now. Gameplay really comes down to two styles, Turn and Burn (out turn and get behind, nimble fighters do this) or Boom and zoom (swoop down, attack what you can, boost out, for high speed planes). There are also bombers and "ground attack" planes, neither I feel is very good, they're both mostly just targets for everyone else I find, and rather helpless as well. The turret on the back of a B-17 you'd THINK would be strong, but its not...its awful.
I'm not 100% sure, my memories of being 5 aren't very clear, but I know it was an Atari 2600. I played a lot of games on that thing, Pole Position was probably my favorite.
Solid, I hope it counts worm-holes and gates as "connected" though.
Why not just do an instant "escape" instead? If I have a science ship in their space and they close borders, thats what happens, could just do the same thing, but make sure its fast so you can't exploit it to throw someones fleet into the void.
You bought a Hauwei, you frankly deserve this sorta shit. Lemme give you a hint, Hauwei is spying on you and sending that data to China.
No it doesn't
Not correct
Imagine you have two mean and angry neighbors, neighbor one declares war, his larger fleet wipes out your fleet, 2nd neighbor now has OVERWHELMING fleet power to you, and also declares war, many planets are lost. Thats just one example. I've never been able to recover from a large fleet loss, the cpu just takes everything before I can rebuild and once you're knocked down to half-size, you're done.
Well, they can't bring the Stanley Cup home, so I guess this is a consolation prize.
Just take is all the way and remove the unnecessary censorship entirely.
Force peace somehow, then enemy if wide open for attack until his fleet returns home.
You can force peace whenever the war fatigue reaches 100%, you don't even need to engage in combat for that to happen, it'll go up slowly just by virtue of being in a war (this is called Attrition). Its not "super exploitable" or anything, but it would cause issue in multiplayer games where alliances with other people come and go like the wind.
There are 128 fighters alone...and then there are multi-role fighters, heavy fighters, attack planes, and bombers. There are more planes in Warplanes than SHIPS in Warships. You folks are being moronic.
Well, if thats your angle...WoWPs has respawning, so it has UNLIMITED planes (until the squall line stops respawning)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=e_DqV1xdf-Y
Ugh, who wants to go through 3 stacks of arrows to kill 1 mob though?
Real answer: To encourage you to maybe spend money on the resources needed to buy no-det flags. PS: ALWAYS EQUIP NO DET FLAGS.
Its 5 for everyone else, and 10 for Enterprise, FYI.
Fighters are not part of the hanger at all, they are not counted in the ship stats.
The majority of /r/hockey being 100% wrong about something?! NO WAY!
No AA and No Smoke makes French DDs dead on arrival.
Wait till you finish that dig... &gt;:)
Well duh they field more than they used too, before they used to carry like 20 total planes and a single squad loss could mean you were useless the rest of the game.
https://statesymbolsusa.org/symbol-official-item/georgia/state-fish-aquatic-life-state-mammal/right-whale
Better yet, allow us to create Custom Fallen Empires, so we can make them whatever we want them to be if we desire. I often don't even play with them on, because they tend to only make the game worse.
No joke, I feel like if you took a Tirpitz, made a secondary build (minus manual secondary skill) and just pressed W and walked away, you'd average more than 13k damage.
The more complex the design, not only the more prone to overall failure, but the higher chance any specific part can fail.
Seems like a gross misuse of police funding to me. 50 cops where 10 would do just fine? Edit: I wish you downvoters had the balls to reply to me, so I could block your fucking moronic asses.
They don't need to ask you, their flashlights have the ability to see the alcohol in your fingerprint as you hand over your license, thats why they shine their light all over your ID like they never learned to read. They can't tell if you're drunk that way, but they can tell if you have it in your system, but you likely didn't set off any other flags to need to actually test you.
Neat for sure, but I'd like the option to "guarantee" them like you can with any normal empire you create.
So now the question becomes this: If we buy "Episode 1" do we get the other "Episodes" for free? they can't really expect us to pay like $240+ for the full game can they? Follow up: Shouldn't we just wait for them all to come out before buying any of them as there is a strong chance the final release will be all bundled together for a discount?
You must be young. After about 35, that guilt will fade as you realize 95% of people are total shit and frankly deserve it.
Upvotes for any mention of EverQuest!
Gotta tap that secondary money, they finally read their market.
by the same token, T8 CVs in a T10 game are basically unplayable, you're a glorified spotter plane until about 10 minutes into the game.
Those aren't really bad stats though...yellow = average and his WR is right on the line of being average as well. The reason you can "save a star" so easily in a CV is how EXP is calculated in regards to things like spotting, ribbons, and enemy plane kills, CVs just earn more EXP for the same task, simply put. Topping to chart even in a sub-par game is easy, not because I did well, but because the EXP flows like water.
"better target selection" just means "alone" and you know it, even still, some ships are 100% untouchable, like the Mino.
"the world does not want...".....world? Which world? Shouldn't that be "Universe does not want..."?
I hope Mark calls Jake Lloyd "Dad".
So? What does saying a naughty word have to do with anything? Did he call the ump a bad word? Doubtful, as he had no reason to do so, he was just upset with his throw and probably says what every single major league sports player says 500 times a game. Hell, in Hockey the players and refs talk to one another and still say "Fuck" every other word.
When you can't win with facts and logic, fear will do.
The Crime Syndicate style is certainly useless, making crime on planets doesn't accomplish very much and its easily countered which then breaks your entire Branch Office completely.
You don't wanna be a doctor in America, this is a worse idea than they think it is. Doctors in America have the highest rate of burn out in the world.
So, sell glass jars for $12 that just happen to contain honey? ;)
BB: "The CV, it exploded!" DD: "Impossible, you're delusional, take him to the infirmary"
Its way cheaper to go legal as well. You can get an ounce for $150, where illegally half that would cost you $200.
Dude scored 25 goals 2 years ago....his most ever. Insane over payment.
This guy has "bot stats" if I ever saw them. WG does a terrible job policing its game.
You can get a week ban on the Overwatch forums just for saying Jeff Kaplan's name. It happened to me.
Except he has plenty of ships with 200 or less PR, as I stated, he has outlier games that boost his averages and he probably bounces between botting and not botting. Its not that complicated.
He played on the top line with Zibanejad most of the year in NY, ya know, that 30 goal scorer...
He played RW a lot of the year, he's even listed as RW on many sites that do stats...like this one: https://www.hockey-reference.com/players/h/hayeske01.html Oh, and Voracek is paid 4.25m a year....almost 3m less than Hayes with vastly superior stat line.
Whats better than 1 Klingberg? Two Klingbergs. Eventual 1C? In what, 5 years from now when Toews finally starts to have real decline due to age?
....what? Do you think rogue AI systems are setting up WOWs bot accounts? Behind EVERY bot, is a human person launching it, so of COURSE there is some "human interaction", thats hardly proof its not a bot.
I dunno, but the way the guy in the commercials says "ITS RIDICULOUS" gets me laughing every time.
If he went to FA he would have been waiting till August to get a contract, after names like Panarin are gone.
I betcha that guy likes The Last Jedi too.
IMO its been the best premium T8 since they were available to be sold, and nothing has changed that opinion.
Yeah me too, every so often it randomly changes to the new one and I have to go preferences and "Opt Out" again. I've probably "opted out" 50 times or more.
This is likely just bluster, there isn't much you can do to a computer but make it faster with more resources. So its just gonna have some 8 core processor and 16 GB of RAM and a strong GPU and thats about it....
Turcott won't fall to 6, if the hawks pass (and I think they should), he'll go at 4.
In their defense, the dev team is all Canadian.
They aren't telling you on purpose. They WANT you to spend all your coal, then release a new coal ship. It does one of two things: A: If the ship is also sold for money, they want you to spend money because you're out of coal. B: They want you to play the game, to grind more coal. Not telling us is 100% intentional.
Cat, move from family to family as they die (cats "adopt" people all the time), sleep all day, get pets and treats, shit in a box, and scream in the middle of the night for no reason. What a life!
Hell of a catch mom!
Yeah, but thats all handled in the code of the game, the console itself just runs that code. Technically you could code a game to do way beyond what a console is capable of doing already, it would just run like shit because the hardware can't handle it.
No, they most certainly are not. They aim for skates WAY too often and situations were in real life, a stick might glance off an ankle is a trip 100% of the time in this game. This isn't even to mention the incredible figure skating the CPU is able to do in response to your press of the button (before the act is carried out on screen).
Thats a silly assumption to make, BRO. I don't do that, BRO, but all you gotta do is press "protect puck" and your 100% perfectly good poke check instantly becomes a penalty BRO. Try playing against someone good, BRO.
Sounds like you're shit at the game if you don't know how easy is to to force tripping penalties, BRO.
Byram would be the best choice, you can't have too many quality d-men and we've been overstocked on top 6 forwards for awhile already.
He's fine, but he's a 5th or 6th pick, not a 3rd pick.
Why? So he can play 3rd line center for the next 5 years behind Toews and Strome? What a waste. We need d-men, Byram is going straight in the NHL next year for whoever takes him, and it should be us.
I realize that, but he'll be good till at least 35, just look at someone like Joe Thornton, still 2nd line C at 39, Toews will be similar, his work ethic is just too good for that not to be the case. Again, we have 5 years to find another #1 C. I've seen MANY scouts say the opposite of what you're claiming too.
Centers don't matter if there is nobody to start the breakout. Where would Crosby and Malkin be without Letang?
Yes he is very likely to be a #1D, basically every top scout says he is a ready to go top pairing d-man. Boqvist is like Tyson Barrie, offensively skilled, but thats about it.
Gotcha. He's fine, but he is going to be a defensive liability as well, which puts him in a natural 3-4 role and PP specialist. We need an all around guy and Byram is that. Passing on Byram would be ALMOST as bad as passing on Dahlin, Byram is that good.
If Kakko and Hughes weren't in the draft, Byram would go 1st overall. Hughes and Kakko are just SUPER good and impossible to pass on.
Actually there is a lot of consensus, there was a final scouting order done TODAY, which clearly put Byram at 3. https://youtu.be/iq73HO1q9EU?t=450
I provided a link.
That "1 source" is not 1 source, its 10+ sources compiled together, watch the full video
Any attempt to go into the main building in there results in a wipe, you'll aggro 20 things through the wall. CZ was played a lot in actual classic as I don't think it had as many issues as it has on p99. They should really try to fix it IMO.
How hard it is to hit with shells is mostly irrelevant as CVs will pick on them every game until they die anyway. Besides, good players, can hit a 50 KN DD with BB shells from 20 KM out, I've been on the receiving end of crap like that more times than I can count.
Byram! DO IT!
If you're gonna draft Dach, you might as well trade the pick and drop 3 spots, cause he'll still be there at 6.
FIRE STAN
Man, I can't wait to miss the playoffs again next year because we have no defense. Fuck you Stan, worst GM in the league.
Turns out he is that stupid, he should be fired, he's already ruined a Dynasty, now he just cemented our lack of playoff appearances for at least another year or two. Can't make the playoffs without defense, and we have NONE.
Hard to relax when a retarded monkey would be a more effective GM.
FIRE STAN
Can we fire this moron and get a GM that understands the basics of hockey please? #1 D-man available and you take a center thats 2 years away from playing.
You mean all the professional scouts that put Byram at 3? I'm 100% confident I could do a better job though. A monkey throwing darts at random hockey player pictures would make a better GM than Dynasty breaker and rebuild failure Stan Bowman.
Gonna be hilarious when Byram is a stud playing 1st pairing minutes in Colorado and outscores Keith and Seabrook combined, while Dach plays in the minors.
No, most scouts say he's playing next year, and he will.
Uh huh, and DURING THE DRAFT, they said "ready to play in the NHL next year". One guy isn't "most scouts" ya know.
Cups? Without defense? Not likely. Stan set us back a couple years today.
Yup, and they're all worse than the guy we passed on today.
Dale Tallon? We did that already.
"No explanation" except that the area was obviously recently flooded.
Dumb fans who wanted a 3C forward instead of a #1 D? Yeah, I'm sure there are lots of you. Should be fun to watch Byram take Colorado to the next level while Dach plays another year in the minors though I guess.
Don't do this. I've hit MANY a ship by tracing their AA fire back to their ship in the smoke. Leave it off unless the CV drops fighters on you and takes the rockets elsewhere, you need to kill the fighters.
Gym class in High School. We had to wear rather small shorts, and being a dude that has a fairly big penis...it was pretty noticeable. The combo of seeing all the girls in tiny shorts plus the fabric rubbing on me because of the tightness combined for random boners.
Then explain how I am able to successfully attack DDs based on them? Am I just incredibly lucky? I have looked and thus far haven't been able to find any update info that states this was ever made a thing either.
Venom doesn't get enough praise, it was very solid all around, it has a few problems, but its better then most attempts at a movie like this. It should go for a R-rating though.
Not even 24 hours and already reposted.
I had 200 coins, have silver :)
Not from a Jedi.
The nuclear tech is a gift from Trump to the Saudi's for killing Khashoggi. Thats why he wants it so bad.
Good, they should be shunned. You'd shun a person wearing a swastika and chanting heil hitler, you should do the same to any trump supporter.
The real issue with the Saipan is that T10 planes aren't that much better than T8 planes. The difference is about 200-300 HP on average, which is at best a few more seconds of survivability. Her "fee" for having those planes (having less of them) is just way too high.
Wow, I didn't know this was a thing, and I definitely have it. Explains why I never enjoyed books.
Remarkable self control as well, if I got pushed like that I wouldn't stop punching until the mans face resembled a wet sponge.
There needs to be two more panels. Reloading, and a repeat of panel 4.
Certainly does break Adrenaline Rush, time to invest in Jack of All Trades I guess, nothing else left.
The official ones are always so generic.
or butt, could be butt.
Maatta eats up a ton of salary though
Apple batteries have been doing this for AWHILE, this isn't new.
Its not even just computers, I've seen phones and watches get swollen batteries as well.
Slingshotting has become a requirement as players have developed tactics to fend off CV attacks. There is no other way to get any damage into a group of 3-4 ships. It also by default, sends back an attack wing, which you wanna do anyway to still have planes for the end game.
K, well, it clearly shows that with DFAA the entire squad is lost...and if you go in with less than full squad in that situation, the entire group is lost in even less time. So it seems clear to me that even getting a single strike on AA craft will be more or less impossible.
My mom once took the power cord...but she didn't realize the printer used the same cord, took 2 extra weeks for her to finally wake up at like 3 AM and catch me playing Everquest.
I have no idea anymore.
Unless the CV is bottom tier and you're a full AA spec, you're not suppose to flat out prevent the attack. The change just guarantees you'll get some plane kills now, which means CVs are gonna lose a lot more planes for the same effort. Its still a rather large CV nerf.
Haida and thats really it. None of the others are really worth your time IMO, there are a lot of bad premiums and almost all of them are on that list. I'd especially avoid the Graf Spee despite others claims. You will only ever realistically get the front turret on target (unless you wanna go back to port in a dev strike), which means 3 shells every 20 seconds, and those 3 shells all go in different directions, none of which are near the thing you aimed at, I've driven some shitty boats in this game, but its by far one of the worst I've ever played. Buying the super cheap ones for the port slot might be worthwhile though. 49 cents for a port slot seems worth it to me.
Its still bad at 6 guns every 20 seconds, because the guns have no accuracy. Good luck using that turn strategy when 3+ ships are targeting you, someones gonna land citadels and then you go boom, especially since you're easily overmatched from the bow anyway. You couldn't pay me to play that ship again.
Well, now you don't even need to dodge, cause all the planes are dead before they launch a strike now. CV counterplay is now "Just Ignore", also, don't forget your sectors 99% of players still totally ignore while claiming there is nothing they can do.
And the aircraft still all die on the way out after the attack anyway. All slingshot does is give you chance to do damage to targets that are functionally immune to planes.
30% less during attack mode, which is usually enough to allow a strike. The point of the slingshot is to get as little time in AA as possible with as much of it spent in that attack mode as possible.
Zero planes in the hanger, stupid broken 8.5
Why is EVERY actor British?
No, he's counting on it.
And when he wins by 100 votes (despite his 30% favorability) and there is mysteriously no paper trail and all records of the election are deleted....what happens then? Nothing, he continues to ruin America for himself and his Russian ownership.
I was playing them pretty much exclusively and I wouldn't touch them again right now if I was paid to do so.
Simply not true. Pre-8.5 I'd get a CV in basically every single game. Last two nights, its maybe 10% of games, and in those 10% they were completely ineffective and placed bottom 6 on the scoreboard (both teams). They are totally neutered at the moment.
I've seen this truck (I live in VA), I had no idea he was an Atheist, I just assumed another religious wacko. Thats hilarious.
1: Their damage is on par with everyone else. 2: Spotting is their job. 3: Survival is a factor of the fact a CVs job is to HIDE their ship. 4: Their kills are right on par with everyone else as well. 5: Base defense is a function of the fact planes fly. 6: Of course they're bad at capping, see #3.
11k is within margins to be more or less equal. CVs are better at finishing off targets other ships weaken. A CV could get 12 kills with 20k damage if played in such a way Planes fly Survival rate is a meaningless stat for a ship who MUST hide. Spotting is their job.
Because the EPA lowered the standards for what qualifies as clean...
Giddity
Carriers should just start at T6. T4 Carriers are pointless, boring, and don't teach anything you can't learn at T6 more effectively. They don't even have fighters at T4, which is bound to only teach bad habits.
I have tears in my eyes I'm laughing so hard. It never occurs to me to run the ramming flag in modes like this, and it really should.
The torps are going 130 knots...you think 5 more is gonna matter? Waste of a point, get Jack of All Trades instead.
Phil's gonna get into coaching after he retires isn't he?
This team is absolutely dead for the future. "Going for it" was a huge mistake.
They lost: 2019 1st &amp; 4th, 2020 &amp; 2021 2nd round picks, and a bunch of players for literally nothing. I wouldn't have much faith in front office that mortgages the future for a dice roll myself...
I just had a 7 kill 183,000 damage game in a Benham, just spinning in circles throwing out torps towards all the BBs.
He does indeed, his respawn is about 5 seconds
Amazing what a group of players can accomplish, and shows how fucking lazy blizzard is that they do literally nothing to stop this shit.
Holy shit Jones is bad.
Its substantially worse than the Des Moines, thats all that matters.
A DD that cannot cap contest, OR smoke and farm, is pretty fuckin' useless DD.
Cause they don't write the bot, they download it.
And yet they never gave him a Jack Adams during his time in Chicago, robbed I tell ya.
My guild crafted these tonight as well, we have 50 ready to go with about 5-10 already on the class leads/officers. Ready for BWL! All core raiders will get one, no charge, they are needed and they earned them with being there for every Ony kill.
All they gotta do is remove the number from the pop-up which tells you which AV you are going into and Alliance pre-mades are mostly stopped dead. Too much effort for the lazy fucks at Blizzard.
Unlimited Money, with it would come no worries about rent, bills, food, etc. I don't care about being RICH and living fancy necessarily, I just don't want the worry about next months bills every single fucking day.
He is by far my least favorite character on the show, I agree he feels sorta "off" compared to the rest of the crew. I have a hard time believing that a character thats suppose to be incredibly smart like he is would act the way he does...it just doesn't fit, I get his story about "fitting the part" of someone less smart to fit in, but that should have been his act, not his actual personality. People with that much intelligence tend to be a bit more smug about it.
Slightly better than "No....NOOOOO!!!"
We moved to a "dead server" like 2 months ago because we saw this coming. Enjoy your 6k pop servers with 200g Lotus. We have a stockpile of over 300 of them.
Disagree. Those who were doing pre-mades still need to farm honor, and AV is still the best honor, it'll just revert to more like what was going on during the first week of AV release. Plus the alliance Pugs will be more likely to queue up knowing they won't have 15 people for half the game. Evidence: Queue times on Sunday were the same as on Tuesday. By Saturday, pre-mades drop off heavily as they have all capped honor for the week. Queue times won't change much.
And those AV games where you kill the same people 100+ times are also improved. AV will still be the meta for honor, nothing will actually change at all, except Alliance won't get to cheat anymore with 35+ man pre-mades.
Ally pugs are starting games with 10 players, but this is because the pre-mades fuck them over. Those games DO eventually fill out to 40-40, but the delay means the alliance never get a real chance. Those games were always horde wins, but because it was unfair to the alliance pugs to start (again, because the pre-mades fucked them over) No, Horde don't have anything close to 95% WR. If you go against Alliance pre-made (which was the vast majority of the time) you had maybe a 10% chance to win, most of the time the game is over JUST as we are killing Belinda and the the last LT. Most horde just wait to lose at that point as well, since stopping the pre-made is basically impossible. If this change stops the pre-mades, it should put the game more on even footing again.
You must not understand how pre-mades work if you think Horde can make pre-mades, go away.
Reduce the stress of life. Gotta work everyday, gotta work your ass off, get paid shit, have to provide, have to pay all the bills, have to make something of your life, have to be successful. Can't just set up shop in someone elses life.
Could try not playing on a server with 3x the correct population instead...
The entire guild could transfer if its really a problem. My guild did.
Just saying, you brought the problem on yourselves playing on an overpopulated server in the first place.
I find at least 3 bots a day, report them, still see them weeks later, only higher level. Blizzard does nothing about them.
Yeah, let'em, I don't care. Can't fix stupid. "Blizzard, fix the fact I made poor choices!". Nope, you wanna stay on your 6000 pop server, you get 300 gold flasks, enjoy it.
The honor change is not a CHANGE...its something that originally happened in vanilla. Guards never did, so no.
The gun clicking sounds comes from cocking back the hammer.
The pirated copy I watched didn't have one. Pirates win again!
WSG is shit honor, you'll realize it eventually.
Until you meet a WSG pre-made that is farming you instead, or a team that hides the flag for 2 hours, good luck with that.
Whatever dude, we're queuing as a 5-man, running a dungeon and by the time we finish we have 5-10m left, then we play, have a great time and kick your alliance asses. Its been great. Its also too early to tell, but I think the time will go down as the ally figure out they still need AV honor or they fall behind. You can't judge these things by the FIRST DAY when all the pre-mades are still crying in their poopsocks.
Banned?! hahaha. Like anyone gets banned in classic, ask the bots.
This is untrue, he's the assistant all throughout the film, he has more than 1 line and appears on screen at least 4 times.
Its not impossible, its just time consuming.
Its not that bad, you win every game as horde in my experience right now. A win is about 1000-1500 rep (with turn in) as high as 2000 rep for the long alliance turtle games. You need 42000 rep from start to exalted. That's about 28 games (wins). Depending on how much you play, its really not that long at all.
"Horde turtling" why is pushing the alliance into their own base for a win "Horde Turtling"?
Like the alliance that can't pre-made for 6m wins in AV anymore so they just stopped playing it? LMAOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
Oh THATS why I haven't seen anyone use a Harugumo in like 6 months.
"We TOO live in a police state with tons of violence against normal citizens".
I mean I get that black people have major problems with basically EVERY police interaction and I sympathize with that, but white people have been killed unjustly by cops as well. You don't have a monopoly on police brutality. Instead of "Black Lives Matter" or "All lives matter" how about "END POLICE BRUTALITY"?
Because black people aren't the only ones being murdered. I vote democrat btw, have since Obama, which was my first time voting.
Definitely, it was like his bro test and he passed that shit, dude was impressed.
How am I suppose to know how to feel without Greedo saying "MCLUNKY!"???
Thats really just luck of the draw. Sometimes they fail in a year, sometimes they seem fine 7 years into their life. It has nothing to do with the phone or who makes it, all batteries are the same basic design.
Goto bar, find hot girl, look at her until she looks back, give her the "gun finger", watch...then make my move, she'll be aroused and confused and putty in my hands.
Lack of gameplay has me decidedly skeptical. I'm betting this ends up being the flight combat of Battlefront 2, with a little extra polish and thats about it, gotta be a reason is $40.
Could be fake, but I can believe its real, since the machine will respond the same way to a set series of inputs, once you learn the correct "spot" to place the crane before you do the motion, the crane does the rest and flings the ball through the same arc each time, its like shooting a free throw, its all one motion.
Mace Windu has to say it, cause Sam Jackson. While fighting Palpatine: "He is the fucking traitor!"
I mean, Abby shows up and they help her and she helps them survive...that tends to build a little trust, so he really had no reason at all to believe these people were bad people or would immediately shoot him in the leg and beat him to death... There is also the line about leaving as soon as things clear up, don't take off the saddles, he wasn't fully trusting, he wanted to leave this house as soon as possible, also it was Tommy that invited them to Jackson, the literal ONLY thing Joel even says is his name, if anything, it was more Tommy's mistake trusting too much than Joels.
I wish coal was easier to get. There are like 3 things I wanna buy with coal right now.
Oof, right?? I burned BOTH of those dogs alive with molotov as Ellie...then I played the section with Abby...poor puppies, I'm evil.
Try shooting the handler with an arrow, the dog just sorta sits there and whines at the corpse, unless another person comes by, then they comment on the body and take the dog themselves.
Any guild that won't let you come to MC (assuming they aren't FULL) at this stage without pre-raid BiS is just stupid and a waste of your time.
Fuck, now I gotta resub to netflix.
Apparently it was based on this performance by a-ha in 2017: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-xKM3mGt2pE which itself is an AMAZNG version of the song.
(insert any kids movie EVER)
Terminator is a "franchise" that should never have been a franchise. Its a very simple story without a lot of room to really expand its ideas, so all it does is repeat itself over and over and over...and over.
Most cars light the entire dash when you turn the key to show you they are all working...like 95% sure thats whats happening here, you are all dumb for believing this.
If it can suck the water into its nose, why not just go all the way and drink through the nose? Why spray it into its mouth?
Its not super comfortable, but you CAN drink through your nose.
Drugs that have side-effects that include organ failure and death no less. I don't care what I'm treating, its better to have that then death.
