The people you saw would mostly have been British. We have a diverse population.
&gt; Is it just easier to find a standalone computer monitor? Much easier. In fact, with what you've listed I think it's impossible to do. Even if you had a network cable, you'd still need to install software on the one with the broken screen. How do you know where to click the buttons on the installer? Buy or borrow a monitor. Then it's easy.
&gt; Plus I don’t want to void the warranty. If you're in America, it's recently been ruled that those 'void if opened' stickers are illegal. If there is space for a second drive, it's usually under a removable cover so you don't have to dismantle the machine. I just looked up your model and the manual's a bit ambiguous about what drives you may or may not have. Maybe take it to a decent repair shop and ask?
I have four of those stashed at home. They don't do me much good here though, I'm in the US.
I read a lot of these as a kid. I'd forgotten about him. Thanks for reminding me.
I did. When I have time, I'm an absolute book sponge. I recently did a California to England trip. I finished three books on one of the flights. Caught up on movies on the way back.
I know places where $250 is about par for the course for four people. Not that I eat at any regularly though.
I'm getting my shows mixed up. There's something similar over here.
That looks like a church and attached living quarters near my home town.
Yup.
Out and back, once a year. It used to be a total pain, but I've got used to it. Books and movies are wonderful things.
Glad you solved it, and thanks for the update
That looks to me like there's an adapter plugged in to the disk's SATA. I used to have a laptop that used those.
Yikes. That'd cost a fair amount just in artist time.
I'm seeing [Jeff Bridges as Obediah Stane](http://marvelcinematicuniverse.wikia.com/wiki/File:Obadiah-stane_super.jpg) in Iron Man.
If you read the article, they aren't convicted yet. I can see a case for witholding the names in case they turn out not to be guilty. If found guilty, the names should come out via the sex offender list.
I live in CA. Lots of places do chili cheese ~~fries~~ chips.
How long ago? I think there was something like that in Santa Claus The Movie, with Dudley Moore. (1985)
This is a common game, dating way back. Hell, I've even played it on a VT220, a dumb serial terminal in the 80s. It was made popular in the movie Tron, and there have been millions of implementations and variations. Good luck finding yours, but don't get your hopes up.
Ah, but I'm a misplaced Londoner at heart. Worked there for many years.
I think (hope) it's the seriousness of the accusations rather than who they are. Child molestation accusations are the kind of thing that gets the crap beaten out of you. Especially if you're a priest, in the current climate.
[Consults Wikipedia] Ah, they orbited the moon. Saw the title, thought of Apollo 11.
And they trap American tourists. Don't forget that benefit.
China doesn't 'do' copyright.
Anyone got a clip? I think I'd like to see this.
Delinquent here means unpaid and overdue, for those who don't get it from context.
My aunt is a retired nurse. She was in hospital to get knee surgery, and my parents went to pick her up afterwards. Apparently on the way out she tore a strip off the nurses who'd been looking after her. You'd think she'd know better.
It was a little out of character for her. I guess she must have been in a lot of pain or on some fierce meds.
I like them all but That Bloody Dog. I consider K9 the most annoying character ever to appear on Doctor Who.
I believe you're looking for a [wireless bridge.](https://kb.netgear.com/227/What-is-a-wireless-bridge)
Dell have been known to use non standard pinouts, but I don't know if they do on that machine. Since the wires are colour coded though, it may be feasible to compare the colours running to each pin.
Wow, I didn't know there was more to the clip than just the initial towel slip. I really have to get around to watching the original of that. I'm told this remake is a poor shadow of it.
Back in the days when you used SIMM sticks you could get plug in devices to allow adding more slots. I don't think I've ever seen one for DIMMs though. Sorry.
&gt; Touchsmart 300 Had to Google that. I think I've seen those in stores. Weird beasts.
And is seriously comfortable. I've never seen it crowded, either.
I never heard that one before. Is that OC? Is OC even legal here?
Even if it had a regular ATX power supply, I doubt 200W would have been enough for the Optiplex. If you go out and buy an ATX, don't get the cheapest. Go with a big make like Cooler Master or Antec, and check the dimensions. I've a machine at home where I had trouble finding a powerful enough power supply that fitted the case.
Here's one from a reasonable manufacturer that's $20. https://www.newegg.com/Product/Product.aspx?Item=9SIA9ZN5D44781&amp;Description=atx%20psu%20300w&amp;cm_re=atx_psu_300w-_-17-152-062-_-Product
You spend a while just trying to hold on until one day you realise you've got it covered, and have done for some time.
Isn't what's saved in the queue just a link to the document on disk?
Best of luck to her, I say.
Hell yeah. I was a civilian first responder at the Bishopsgate bomb back in the 90s. Those guys were amazing.
The 1982 version, definitely. The 2011 whateveritwas, not so much. And make sure you don't get the cut up TV version.
Argentina claims the Falklands are theirs. They've been UK territory since 1841. Argentina invaded in 1982 but lost. It could always happen again.
It's good. Campbell was Asimov and a bunch of other classic authors' mentor.
Sorry, your machine is most likely now a doorstop. The moisture from the cup noodles would be worse than just water, and if you know you can use the power button you've almost certainly fried the machine.
Fun fact about Mel Brooks' Silent movie. The only word spoken in the entire movie is the French word "Non!", spoken by famous mime Marcel Marceau.
Yep. Some years ago I noticed a certain barista at my local Starbucks always had her arm bandaged up. Longer than it would have taken for a wound to heal. I asked, she wasn't allowed a visible tattoo, so that's how she covered it up. Turns out the reason another girl there always had a small band aid on her nose was to cover up her nose piercing. Both those rules are long gone.
Yeah. But it's good that Starbucks came to their senses. There's a guy working there now with a quite amazingly done Magneto (X-Men) head with the caption 'Magneto was Right' tat. That should definitely be left on view.
I believe the original invasion was brought about by a rather shaky government rabble rousing the population, then trying to curry favour with them by invading. IIRC that government crumbled when they lost.
I think you're right. It was a rather specific set of circumstances that triggered the first invasion.
It's also bait to get you to install their app, and obviously it mines your location information. I, like Bifrons, wonder what else.
I used to work somewhere that had an annual Christmas lunch, and everyone would bring one present. They'd all be anonymously left in a box, and set out on a table next to where we were eating. After the meal everyone took turns either picking one from the table, or stealing one that'd already been picked. I was the guy who always exceeded the price limit, and it always turned into an enjoyable war trying to figure out and end up with what I brought. Good times. :)
And The Shrub's dad got him into the national guard so he didn't have to go to Vietnam. Allegedly.
Not that I do it, but why specifically not use a debit card? What's more risky about debit than credit cards?
Oh, OK. Thanks.
I say scam. They're probably going to try and bluff you into giving them money directly to 'save messing up your insurance premiums'.
Are they foreign?
That's not a crazy idea. If someone could find a way to actually do it, it'd be sheer genius.
Kind of, yes. Hell of a lot louder though. They're about three quarters of an inch thick and a bit longer than my hand.
The offender is a disguised Romulan spy passing for human.
Or the original title of the comic, 'All You Need Is Kill'.
I believe it started as a manga. The manga is mentioned on the IMDB page. Edit: Just discovered the original was an illustrated book, and the manga came later.
I'm seconding Riverworld. Doesn't seem to be a series though, I can only find two TV movies. https://www.imdb.com/title/tt1419950/?ref_=fn_al_tt_1 https://www.imdb.com/title/tt0310952/?ref_=fn_al_tt_2
I absolutely cannot watch that show. It's wall to wall cringe for me. Can't get enough Blackadder, but not Bean.
I saw that movie. I know it was based on a classic novel, but it just seemed like a movie length version of the X Files.
I have an entire CD filled with music from Classic Who, including a few versions of the theme music.
I had a friend back in the day with a misspelled name. When his father came to register his name the guy behind the counter pointed out the misspelling, but his father was too proud to admit he'd spelled it wrong and insisted that was the spelling he wanted.
This cannot be upvoted enough.
Hidden in the back of the cupboard housing the water heater, there was a crumpled up tobacco bag containing pot, dried up tobacco and rolling papers.
I believe they deliberately write badly, as they only want dumb and gullible victims.
&gt; "Do Androids Dream of Electric Sheep," Do be prepared for the book and movie to be very different. The movie just picks up some of the themes and premises and runs with them.
Oh boy, the basis for Total Recall, and another one that's very different from the movie.
And wasps. Don't forget wasps.
That's a classic where I come from.
Probably not my American bank.
Well, it's doing exactly what they intended...
Cats are friendly, they're just picky about who their friends are. I guarantee if you don't like cats, they'll be very affectionate to you.
You can't move programs installed on C: to D: without uninstalling them and re-installing them on D. Ditto for the OS without much mucking around. You can usually choose to install new programs straight onto D:. Documents, music, pictures etc. You can move.
No company name, just a phone number. Phone number is non-fixed VIOP (Skype or Google Voice). Scam.
Scam scam scam scam Scam scam scam scam LOVELY SCAM, WONDERFUL SCAM!
You can buy tiny USB bluetooth adapters for very little money. Plug one directly into the laptop and skip the phone stage.
Am thoroughly seconding this. Great advice, and the only way to go.
&gt; If you have a tech who is kind to you. All the more reason to be a jerk to users. ;)
I did a road trip that involved Yosemite a few years ago. Only just made it. We stopped on the way to get lunch, was chatting to the waitress and mentioned Yosemite. She tells us there's a storm coming and they'll be closing the pass shortly. I've never driven so fast on such treacherous roads before or since.
80GB. Damn. The first Windoze machine I bought had a 2GB hard drive. And it was enough.
Did somebody call?
Don't blink...
Yup. Friends don't let friends work on friends' computers.
Fortunately, most of the friends I have who're close enough to ask me for help are also computer people.
Carnaby Street is just off Regent Street. It'd be silly to do one and not the other when they're se close. Oxford Street's usually pretty good too.
An acquaintance asked if I could help with someone's laptop; they'd lost the password. I did. This resulted in a stream of laptops and computers arriving at my door. I had to draw the line when she started to bring them two at a time.
https://snobfoods.com/products/daves-ultimate-insanity-hot-sauce?variant=14593050443887 Nuff sed.
The Black Hole was made in 1979, but that doesn't mean OP didn't watch it around 2000. That reminds me, I have it on DVD. I'll have to dig that up and see if it still stands up. I remember it as good.
16% on Rotten Tomatoes. I didn't think it was worth even that. Still better than Battlefield Earth, which is at 3%. The guy who did the screenplay has since apologised for it.
I had a friend who fell asleep in the cinema watching The Exorcist's re-release.
Yeah, me too. Loved it.
It's only under the hubcap.
&gt; You need a plan to get things you want. I need a plan to get Airz to tell us about the keyboards.
I believe there's a novel by Arthur C. Clark and a co-author whose name I can't recall that has that theme. Someone invents a device that can see anything anywhere in the present or past. It wrecks society for a while, but things end up settling into a different kind of society that works. Wish I could remember the name.
Thank you! That name kept popping into my head, but for some reason I was mixing it up with The Songs Of Distant Earth.
Mickey Mouse sucks. ;)
I watched it with people who had been on my CompSci degree course with me. We stayed through the credits, and cheered when the Cray XMP2's credit scrolled past.
If that's a TIL for you, you're obviously not from England. Haven't been there for Christmas for some time, but it always used to be a big deal when it was delivered.
Came here to say that. That is my go-to place when I'm in London. It's the best place to look for tee shirts. Whenever I'm in England we meet up, and I have a tradition of wearing the most Mum-horrifying tee-shirt I can find. I've got a beauty for next year...
I had a stay in hospital last year. A friend brought me books. That was a lifesaver. Some years ago the same friend was in hospital and I took him a portable CD player and some CDs with different mixes on. Music's his thing. Damn, that's got to be 16 years ago now.
This has to be a joke on the dealership's part.
Damn. I thought I had a lot of monitors. 2 4ks and a 1920x1200. OP has me beat. Also lt me guess; the previous occupant of the desk was either fired or laid off?
It's fake. Look closely; the pole isn't there when he initially bounces off the chair.
Not really. It was a running throwaway line in several of the posts running up to his disappearance. Something about a department being a black hole for keyboards. They seemed to always need new ones.
A SMEG fridge. Really? https://www.urbandictionary.com/define.php?term=smeg
These days most NICs can switch their setting, and for this setup only one needs to. It's worth a try.
It may just be the makeup, but he looks somewhat like Ron Pearlman. I approve.
Naughties.
Is anyone surprised?
Re-imaging means installing Windows from scratch, usually with a set of pre-installed programs.
This sort of happened to me once. I was part of a team doing an obstacle course for charity. I hadn't noticed the part about wear gloves, and when it came to getting down a rope fast, this happened. My palms and most of my finders were raw, I lost more skin than I would have believed possible.
There's nothing special about the 12v supply in a car. If you can match the requirements of the camera, 12v and however many amps, you could run it off anything. However. Dash cams tend to record loops rather than straight video. Mine does a three minute loop. Once you reach the three minute mark you start losing the beginning so there's only ever three minutes stored. So, even if you can power it, it may not do what you want.
Ah. Most places it means they have a prebuilt, standard image that they load up. It'll have the standard software set built in. I'm not sure what taking an image of the disk and putting it back would achieve. Unless you swap the drive in between?
OK, we're on the same page.
The fact that you're paranoid does not mean they aren't out to get you.
I'm trying to remember if anything like that happened in Cliffhanger. It's certainly the kind of movie where it might.
Thanks, I did not know that.
That's satire. Says so at the bottom.
Thanks for the clip. That was fantastic.
I used to know a guy who did a lot of work as an extra on movies. He did one she was in, and screwed up on camera. She flashed him the look of death, which was in character, then when the camera was off she had a good laugh with him. According to him, she's good folks.
&gt; 15 degrees c isn’t even cold. It is if you're used to it being much hotter. I live in CA and have definitely got used to the heat to the point I need a jacket in England at temperatures I'd have been comfortable in just a shirt before.
There's a commercial goo cleaner called Goo Gone, or Goof Off which is pretty much the same thing. If it is the matte finish degrading though, it might take that off too.
There's some debate about whether he killed a family of humans in doing that. Zod's heat vision was on, and just before you see a family right where it's going to go as Supes breaks his neck.
Wonderful.
So what is he referencing, in your opinion?
I have a vapourizer at home. I can't use it for what I bought it for because it makes the carpet around it wet.
So might the fake ones. They may just be decorative, but they could be functional room heaters too.
No such thing, as far as I'm aware. Add on cards draw power from the PSU via the motherboard. What I thinnk you need is a splitter for one of the existing cables.
For them to be functional replacements for the heating function of the fire, they'd have to. Probably wouldn't be as concentrated though.
It isn't one of those, but it was clearly labelled vaporizer on the packaging.
Which is exactly what mine does. It has no heating element whatsoever.
My Dad has a coin like this. He didn't discover until it was this kind of ruined that in mint condition it would have been worth a fortune.
No problem. Thanks.
OK, makes sense. Thanks.
I'd say ViewSonic are very good quality. I've had one for absolutely years. A previous company I worked for pretty much standardized on them and had very few issues. Can't speak for that particular model though.
Actually the mice in question have been at the office; no cat. I think I must be shedding...
There's not enough nope on the planet.
I wouldn't leave raw meat out all night with no refrigeration.
Good luck.
Do some Googling, see if there's a dental school within striking distance. The senior students need people to practice on, under supervision of course. Quite often you can save a lot of money by volunteering. Some places don't charge, others charge less than regular.
Wow. The UK government made the right choice even though it'll cost money? Excuse me while I fall off my chair.
It's really your only option. If he doesn't have a password, anyone can get in auto login or no. They just need the user name.
The businesses doing the work; building the buildings, maintaining them. It's going to be an unpopular move in the building business.
It's been years since I saw the movie. Is that a quote?
They will, which will piss off the tenants too.
&gt; yuzu TIL
If it's a she, you should call her 13.
Thanks. I think I may have seen more of it than I though, maybe I watched it long ago.
There used to be a street in Stoke On Trent that seemed to compete to get their trees up earlier every year. I wonder if they still do that?
So you carry doggy treats in your van?
that's nice of you.
BURN THE HERETIC
Trypophobia to me is about the uncomfortable holes rather than any pattern. This definitely sets mine off.
You're not supposed to remove the orange tips. They are there so police won't mistake a toy gun for a real one and shoot you.
Borrow a friend's machine and download to a USB.
It used to be Green Park, or occasionally just lying on my back on the grass in Leicester Square if I only needed a small fix.
OK, thanks. I thought it might have been from the scene in Eat The Rich where they run out of meat, and the cook clubs Bill Wyman over the head in the restaurant and drags him into the kitchen.
I can see why the rule exists though. Nobody can recognise every kind of firearm, and what if the cop doesn't have a good view, or believes they have to react immediately.
Napoleon must have been the reincarnation of a serial killer.
Even my boss doesn't have my phone number.
Not even close. It's a small place.
That's got nothing to do with their religion, they're just being assholes and using religion as an excuse. I'm an atheist, but I have the privilege of knowing quite a few really good people who also happen to be Christians. Don't tar them all with the same brush.
The picture is of Piccadilly Circus. It's never that crowded on a normal day.
In England there's a mandatory roadworthiness test called the M.O.T. A lot of the unsafe old bangers I see here in California would not be on the road under the English rules. At the very least it makes sure everyone has brakes and decent tyres so yes, I'd say it's safer.
The English test is yearly, and there's a similar classic car clause.
What kind of backup? What software was used to create it?
'Bowler', played by Janeane Garofalo.
I'm not sure what Farscape has to do with weed... Oh, wait, maybe...
That was one fucked up school. My middle school had just been built when I first went there, and the headmaster was one of those guys who thought he'd got better ideas than anyone else. He thought us middle school kids should just have occasional lessons to guide us, then we could study on our own the rest of the time. Yeah, right. I spent all my time in the library reading science fiction. Needless to say his plans changed fairly quickly.
It's been done. M*A*S*H plays without a laugh track in the UK. When I first got to America and heard it with a laugh track, it kind of ruined it for me. I've got used to it now, but I still prefer it without the laugh track.
I find it very hard to believe this is real. How do you not notice there's no floor in front of you?
I've got a nice piece of walnut wood and a jeweler's saw. It'll take a while with such hard wood, but it should be possible to make one.
I met Tom Baker in character as The Doctor once at a book signing, and it didn't occur to me until later the bowl of jelly babies on the table were for people to take. I missed out on a jelly baby from The Doctor. :(
I'm English, so I grew up with them. Have you ever had Turkish Delight? They're about that texture, maybe a little firmer, and have a slight sugar crust covered with a light dusting of tasteless powder. They taste of various kinds of fake fruit flavour. Most Americans I've introduced them to don't like them. I think I've seen them at cost Plus. https://www.treasureislandsweets.co.uk/beans-and-babies/jelly-babies.html
I'm English and old. Back when I went to university, the government used to pay for your education. They even gave you spending money. I never had a penny of debt from my education.
USB for video capture won't cut it for gaming. TBH, I don't think you're going to find a solution involving the laptop.
&gt; Her Missy is practically comedy. She definitely tread the line, but managed to never cross it that I saw. That takes talent.
the government paid for that via a grant.
We also get free healthcare, although it's not perfect.
Are you in England? I know the rules changed after I left uni.
Oh. you poor sod. You have my condolences.
Never follow a link like that to change security settings. Always navigate independently to the site. I suggest you change passwords again directly on each site.
Maybe the NSA could, you can't. Sorry, you're SOL.
Someone gave me an Eartyh sciences book from a Creationist home schooling program. It's full of this BS.
Frightening too.
Nor was she when the topless shots of Lady Di were sold.
Actually, you can only become the Duchess of Wessex in the UK.
Absolutely hell yes. My American bank is good at forgetting I've told them I'll be visiting England. Once I arrived at Heathrow late Saturday, bought a ticket in to Paddington and crashed at my hotel. The following morning my card was blocked and the automated help line expected me to confirm my English purchases *in dollars*. How the hell? This is an international help line and they don't understand if you pay in England you'll be using pounds? I tried to get through to a human, but there's only humans during business hours. I had to make it to four in the afternoon with no money before I could sort it out. Then the human asks me to confirm purchases in dollars too. We finally sorted it out by her telling me *where* I bought stuff.
I know parts of London that are probably close enough...
A scalpel is a better tool. You can literally get them cut perfectly flush with one.
120mm, then get some wire fanguard grills. They keep fingers from getting chopped at and hardly change the airflow at all.
Look up Willis in Moonlighting. You'll like it.
Not necessarily. Get a small USB hub then you can plug your mouse and the other device in at once.
Just google for Lady Diana topless.
I'm not sure it's the same make, but I have some of those. The scalpel does a better job, you just have to use a sharp blade and some care.
He doesn't want accurate, he wants a specific set of answers.
That really looks like inlaid walnut. You're saying that's a wrap?
My retired Dad's a woodturner. I'm nowhere near as good as he is, but I'm working on a walnut jewelry box for someone at the moment which is why it looked familiar. I'm better with metal, I love working with brass. The wooden box is going to be a vehicle for some decorative brass work.
Donald Trump.
If you pm me an email address I'll mail you some pics of the last one. It's oak and not quite as ambitious as this one, but people seem to like it. I'm not on the woodworking reddit. Like I said, wood isn't really my specialty.
Thanks, I need a chuckle just now. :)
Sometimes the mouse thing is due to dust on the sensor. Try blowing into the sensor to dislodge any dust that might have been picked up.
So something changed two months ago. Find that, and you've probably found your problem. Or the router just picked up a fault.
Or maybe it's a training exercise?
&gt; How ~~much ear wax~~ many ears did they shred? FTFY
I have a customer I have to use three consecutive passwords to get to their machines. One to get into the remote access software, one to get into the PC at their site, then a third to get into the machine I need to work on. All three expire often, all three have different strength requirements and can't match. Needless to say, I have them recorded in plain text as it's impossible to always remember all three. They're protected by the security on my machine, which is more sensibly set up.
It should work, but I'd do battery backup into wall, surge protector into battery backup, modem into surge protector.
Some time ago my car radio was stolen. It was an old one, but it made me mad just like you. Fast forward a couple of weeks and it's been replaced by a far better one that sounds great in comparison. Don't let the thief have power over you. Find what good you can get out of it.
Haven't gone looking in a while, but my local hardware store used to sell little stick on PTFE pads to put under things to make them slide easily. They're the same stuff as your mouse's 'feet' were made of. Find some, trim them to size and replace all your mouse feet. Fixed. Or find something to use as a mouse pad that's slick enough for the mouse to slide on without the PTFE pads.
Couldn't use it with the customer's setup. They're buttoned up tighter than a duck's arsehole.
Ah, crap. I wish I still had my souvenir 8" DEC floppy. It got thrown out by mistake a couple of years ago.
This happened more than you'd think. I remember watching an episode of The Bionic Woman back to back with one of The Omega Man. Both had imposters pretending to be the man character while the main character was being detained, and one of the scripts was obviously adapted from the other. Not just a scene or two, it was the whole thing. The only places it differed were in bits relating directly to their special abilities. It's cheaper/easier to recycle scripts than write whole new ones.
I think this actually predates Sir Terry's use of it. I remember it from my school days, and I had to dodge dinosaurs on the way to school.
You're right. Thanks for the correction. Lost my copy of that 20 years ago.
You need to have access to a second machine to swap parts between. Any PC repair shop would have the equipment, but it's kind of hit or miss as to whether they're got staff who know how to do it properly.
No, that's not Kimberly Kane.
I must be missing something. Looks fairly neat to me.
Please tell me you got F&amp;M shortbread. I live in the US these days, and people riot if I forget to bring some back from a visit to London. Warning though, the version you can buy in Heathrow duty free is *not* as good. It's definitely made differently than the stuff you get in the actual store.
&gt; I don't like shortbread. HERETIC! BURN OP AT THE STAKE!
Then I envy you being able to pop in to Thorntons. Most of their stuff is so-so, but I've been addicted to their Vanilla Truffles since childhood. I recently had a disaster with those. Relatives visited me and brought me two boxes of truffles from Thorntons. The boxes were just makeshift to protect them in transit, plain cardboard. I have a colleague who's also addicted, so I gave her one of the boxes. It wasn't until a couple of weeks later that I opened the other box, and discovered they were Viennese Truffles. My colleague got all the Vanilla ones. :(
You could go private for the consultation, then have the work done on the NHS. My mother's done that a couple of times now. She gets a good idea of how bad the condition is pretty quickly, then decides if it's bad enough to get the surgery privately.
The phone company won't give you that access without a legal warrant of some kind. Your best bet is to ask your guests.
We've done that. We got the same stuff as you get in Heathrow. What you get from the shop itself is definitely lighter. Hang on a moment. How do you know where it's made? Do you have something to do with one of the companies?
It's 118 in Delhi now, apparently.
I remember my friend's Swiss wife the first time she had a train cancelled on her in London. She was furious and bewildered. "You can't cancel a train! You use a spare train, or a spare driver!"
I bought some in Piccadilly, but decided I needed more when I was on the way back and saw they had some in duty free. The duty free stuff was distinctly denser. I knew which was which because one set was rectangular and the other petticoats. If there's only one recipe at the main factory, maybe they source the Heathrow stuff from somewhere else? The box I have here from the store only says 'Made in Scotland for Fortnum &amp; Masons'. I'll have to check the Heathrow stuff next time I come through.
Of course I know what a vegan is. I never miss an episode of Star Trek. Can't claim credit for this one, it's from an old UK sticom called 'Just Good Friends'.
Disney will shelve the brand for several years, then start from scratch.
A friend of mine moved from LA to New York a few years back. That was apparently a three day drive.
I bet they do that routine a lot.
Look at it this way: You're still £1 better off than you normally would be buying a £2 lottery card.
Technically, since you hit his side you t-boned him. Still his fault though.
I don't remember, is that Windows 95 or 98?
He's just begging to be hit with a clue by four. He's the world's only surviving brain donor.
You're supposed to do your own research for school projects. This took five seconds to find on a search engine. https://xhamster.one/celebrities/brandy-ledford
Do yourself a favour and don't bother with S5. The studios faffed around about whether to give jms a season 5 so he crammed the story arc into S4. Then they gave him a season 5. If you ask me, he should have done the telepath war for S5, but I think he thought he'd get to do that in a movie. S5 is kind of filler.
G'Kar and Londo were perfectly played, but there are other actors of the same calibre that could bring the characters back to life. They'd have a different dynamic, but it could be done.
It was doomed from the beginning. The network put it in a terrible time slot, then demanded changes jms didn't want to make to 'sex it up'. To keep it going, jms would have had to ruin it.
Season 1 isn't that good, I'm afraid. If you can get through it season two is mostly good and it keeps getting better through season 4, which is mostly amazing. The studios screwed jms over with season 5 though.
It does have a fair bit of setup for the better seasons though.
No use to me. My watch is digital. I'd just use my GPS.
https://www.hpl.hp.com/techreports/Compaq-DEC/WRL-TN-13.pdf
So what do your parents think of this?
Crusade was good, and it had a lot of potential. If the networks hadn't been dicks, it could have been great. I have the whole thing on DVD somewhere, and I've read the Technomage trilogy of books. They messed up big time.
Who's Dr. Prostitute?
This is very true.
Thanks. I was drawing a blank with Google, and I was curious as to whether it was Michelle Forbes aka Ensign Ro (Pegasus' captain, I believe.) Always felt sorry for her. She got cast in ST:TNG in a part that was supposed to lead to her having a central role on DS9. She changed her mind and tried to get into movies instead, which didn't happen. Nana Visitor ended up getting the DS9 role and seven seasons of solid work.
And couldn't you just see Peter Woodward in your mind all the way through? The author really caught the character of Galen. Did you know in the episode where he meets an older Technomage in Crusade, the role is played by his father?
If you haven't yet, you should watch Disney's The Black Hole. It's about as dark as I've seen Disney do. And it's a pretty good movie.
The whole run's available on DVD, I have a copy. I remember a scene where the older Technomage has set some (I think) demons on a bunch of people, and he and Galen are calmly and amicably critiquing them. "You own design?" "Yes." "I think the flames are a nice touch" or something along those lines.
There's several volumes to it. I own several, but they're out on loan at the moment. They're by Alan Moore, of Watchmen fame, but have a very different feel as the insult demonstrates.
Do you know if Dippy will return after the tour?
Thanks. I'd have missed the old guy.
Funny you should mention that. Nighy playeed a character called Slartibartfast in Hitch Hiker's Guide To The Galaxy. Douglas Adams wanted the character to have a sad air about him, and thought the reason for that might be his name. He made the name up by starting with Fartifuckbollocks and playing around with the syllables until it wasn't actually rude, but kind of sounded like it should be.
If the motherboar'd already toast, I bet I could do it with a Dremel and soldering iron. Cut the motherboard off close as possible everywhere but the soldered connections, then desolder the connections. I've not seen one of these so I can't be sure, but it seems like a reasonable plan.
You're welcome. I prefer the radio plays to be honest, but the books are definitely genius too. I've got mp3s of every episode stashed on every computer I own, and I've got a few. :)
So *that's* where Amy Acker went.
I don't know if they're still in print, but you used to be able to get the scripts in book form. Every word of the original plays was in there, but there was also commentary by Douglas himself. Sadly I lent my copies to someone who didn't return them, many years ago. Now there's a thought. If there's one place you might still be able to get them, it's Forbidden Planet on Shaftsbury Avenue in London. I know what I'm doing next time I'm in the country...
The TV show and the radio plays are very close, but the books are quite different. And the TV show only covers season one.
There's also Douglas' commentary in the scripts. They're probably out of print now, but they released the scripts in book form, way back when.
Ah, but which version? The first airing, the worst poetry in the universe was written by a poet who was quite well known at the time, Pam Ayres. (She was aweful.) She threatened legal action so the second airing the name was fuzzed out, and by the third airing they'd replaced the name properly. My copy is either the third airing or later, sadly.
Just noticed yours. What a surprise, you're English too. :)
I believe the episode you have in mind might be "I, Mudd".
The first one seems to have elements of The Omen to it, but that was 1976 with a remake in 2006 (which I haven't seen).
There were aliens, or at least monsters on MM, I have it on DVD.
The book it's based on is very good too.
Yes, very much so. WW was surprised to find out she could pick her own outfit when that other MM turned up (Kevin Sorbo, I think), she'd been wearing an MM style old fashioned uniform.
I've seen footage of Arnold doing this in full T2 makeup and costume. Seriously effective.
Well done!
Is the crack in your windshield due to this idiot, or is it unrelated?
My office building is having work done, and this required purging the sprinkler system a few times.This resulted in a brown stain about 10 feet across around the drain that had to be power washed away. Yup, there's some nasty water in sprinkler systems.
Thank you. Emma doesn't know how to throw a punch, but that is possibly the most satisfying moment in all the movies.
I've been subbed here for years. Never had any trouble with the natives. They seem to generally be a friendly bunch. As others have said, we don't try to convert. That would be rude, and we are in their hangout after all.
Nobody mention this on /r/BDSMcommunity/.
There's something else, smaller, swimming in that bowl. Any idea what it is?
you need to watch Caddyshack, if you haven't already.
You may also enjoy cockwomble, which also applies to this guy.
&gt; the wheelchair part seemed added on to up dude's ~~assholishness~~ assholiness. I misread it this way, realised I had, then decided I liked the mistaken version better. Thought I'd share it.
In this guy's case, short bus special. Before anyone gives me grief about generalizing, I'm not. I've known quite a few really excellent Irish people and never met an Irish douchenozzle like the pastor in the story.
I'm just going to have to post this link: http://www.benespen.com/journal/2009/5/15/squirrel-from-hell.html I had nothing to do with the story or author, I just enjoyed it and it seemed relevant. Enjoy.
I keep hearing this, but I don't understand it. I used to work closely with banks 20 years ago in the UK, providing them with software. It was quite possible to clear a cheque overnight if you put a rush on it, and without the rush it was typically three days. How can the industry have gone so far backwards in 20 years?
Who uses ATMs when you can get cash back when buying groceries? I don't think I've used an ATM in a good few years.
I thought DeLorean snorted as a businessman?
If it's on gmail.com, the only way they could know is if they're monitoring traffic between you and gmail. This is actually possible since you're making the connection through them, just probably more trouble than it's worth to them. My money is on no, they won't know.
First hit on Google for "HP USB 801527-001 mouse specs": https://support.hp.com/us-en/document/c02576082 First item under Technical Specifications gives the DPI.
Don't just get any UPS, get one that cleans up the power on the way through. Some just provide power during outages, some just cut off the high spikes, the best also top up the power when it dips below spec coming from the wall. I favour the APC brand, I've a reasonably high end one under my desk now, a Back-UPS XS 1500. I bought it myself, so it's the only one in the office. When the power goes out, I'm the only person who doesn't lose work.
That's how a lot of housing estates get built in England. My parents live in a semi-detached on a pair of roads where every building started off identical. My parents have had an extension added, and put stone cladding on the front. Most people have made some changes from the original design.
Keep an eye on your bank statement/credit card statement. If they didn't charge you or refunded, they're OK. If they charged you, they're sketchy. Contact the bank and challenge the charge.
I had to look at the picture again to see what you were talking about, and noticed something. He appears to be wearing a tee-shirt or something similar in his ID picture, and no head dress. Is he trolling the UN? :)
I've got an old Alphastation you could plug them into with the right cable. DBAN doesn't work on OpenVMS though.
I keep getting these. I call back and eff with their AVR system, often I end up with a message saying I'm not eligible and have been removed from the list. Then a few days later I get another robocall about the same thing but with a different voice and message. Ajit Pai could help stop this shit, but he's too corrupt. https://arstechnica.com/tech-policy/2018/03/ajit-pai-celebrates-after-court-strikes-down-obama-era-robocall-rule/ He got a wake-up call recently when legislation popped up that would have done an end run around him, but he's still at it.
I don't have to check, I know they're full of it because I went to University in England back when the government paid for your higher education. I've never had a day of student debt in my life. :)
Hey, just noticed your transcript. I got the exact same thing last night bar the reference number. When I tried to call them to mess with their AVR, the line was dead.
I've been doing that joke IRL since long before Wreck It Ralph came out.
You haven't given enough information for anyone to answer your question. An app to run on what? A specific phone? A computer? A tablet? And what make and model are the headphones?
Whatever it is, make sure you have backups of anything you care about. This may not be over.
Changing the track lengths like that could seriously screw up the timings. The board likely wouldn't work.
The longer the ribbon, the longer it takes signals to transfer between the MB and the card. I'm guessing there's a limit to how long the cable can be before the MB and card are unable to sync properly. If the individual wires are different lengths, that will cause inevitable sync issues that will drastically shorten the length of cable that will work.
Take a piece of ribbon cable where the ends are cut square so every lead is the same length. It can be folded without changing the lead lengths. You still have the potential maximum length issue.
Good for you for still being you at 60. Keep going!
Sadly, I live in California. I'm fed up of seeing "Beef Shepherd's Pie" in the local supermarket. I tried it, the meat's crap.
I live in America, and had to pay for an ambulance trip I didn't even agree to. I was unconscious at the time.
$199 switch? What was it, gold plated? You can get a four port from Fry's for $20.
Oh, that makes a lot more sense. Thanks.
Congratulations! I've been watching my colleague do the same thing for some time. She's managed to lose 90lbs (she was very large to start with). It hasn't been easy, but she's stuck with it and feels much better for it.
Dog slobber on glasses is not a good thing.
I'm an old guy. I enjoyed that show a lot.
What does she do when it arrives?
There was a mirrors II, but I've only seen a little clip of it. Worth looking up?
Years ago Virgin airlines tried having a massage service in some flights/classes. They had to discontinue it because some businessmen misunderstood that it was an actual massage.
There's actually a requirement (was? Haven't worked there in a while) in England for each company to have one qualified first aider per given number of employees. I was one of them everywhere I worked. There's actually a rule against such a first aider giving out so much as an aspirin to anyone. Of course, nobody knew or cared about that rule so everyone went to the first aiders for stuff like that. In the end I took to having a drawer of over the counter pills, which I'd accidentally leave open when I walked away.
If I may ask, what's keeping you away from him? Surely you could at least talk by phone?
Thank you. I should have guessed.
&gt; Parents driving 5 minutes down the road in their Range Rovers to drop off their 2 kids need to go to hell. You should see L.A. If you watch L.A. Story with Steve Martin, near the beginning of the movie he leaves his house, gets in the car, drives to his mailbox at the end of the driveway, collects his mail, drives back and goes back into his house. It is nearly that bad. I see people park in a car park near a shop, go in, come out and drive to another shop *in the same carpark*.
Then look for the good in this. He'll be much better when recovered, with less pain than before. Look forward to that.
I'm glad I could bring a chuckle to your day. That one's probably older than I am, but for some reason it's quite rare.
Then I'm guessing the lady's name came up on Angry Guy's phone when her modem dialed him. I watched the twin towers live too. I wasn't working that day so I did it at home, and emailed updates from the coverage to my friends at the office. America went a bit insane, starting then.
Driving 100 yards across a car park from one shop to the other doesn't count as spread out. Yes you need a car to get to the car park, but they can't walk across a car park?
Seems to me top left would be most thuddy, bottom left most smacky. Just a guess though.
I did not know that. Thanks!
And the USA seems to have a president incompetent enough to start it.
If someone did that to me, they'd be grateful if I reacted with as much restraint as you did. He's an asshole. Move on.
They're trying again? The Drew Barrymore ones weren't awful, but they weren't particularly good either. I'm not sure the basic material is suited to the big screen.
&gt; Your religious ideas will never trump human rights. But Trump will.
That'd probably be the biggest reason why they'd plan the housing.
If this is an international flight, no chance you'll make the 7:50. It could take half an hour just to get off a large plane. You'll have better luck on a domestic flight. Baggage can take forever either way, so if you can make do with a carry on that'll improve your chances. At least there's little chance of operation grabass taking an interest in you at the destination, but there is a chance customs may select you for a random check. I'd plan for the 9:50 if it's international and/or there's hold baggage. Make sure you have some reading material for the wait, a lot of places don't have shops at arrivals.
It was based on a comic book. I keep forgetting to look it up when I'm in London (Forbidden Planet has everything). Sadly I don't think the movie did well enough financially to warrant a sequel.
When the remake of The Fly came out I went to see it in London. I had real trouble seeing my way down my stairs in the theatre, until the usher pointed out I'd forgotten I was wearing sunglasses. Here's my sign...
You just reminded me of a bit of Terry Pratchett. A bunch of wizards summon Death (who's an actual character in the series, and looks like the traditional Grim Reaper) on New Years in the evening. He appears with a party hat on and carrying a drink, as he was at a party at the time. They ask him if it's a good one. From memory, so probably isn't word perfect: "Well, yes, but I'm expecting it to take a turn for the worse at midnight." "Why's that?" "That's when they think I'll be taking my mask off."
Is that Daisy Ridley? I wonder what the back story is.
I used to donate with the Red Cross, until they massively messed with me. I told them not to call me for a couple of months so I could calm down over it a bit. I still got calls almost weekly. At first I just restarted the clock when they called, but after a while I started telling them not to call me again, ever. Made no difference, weekly "We have a critical need of your blood type". They only stopped when I moved and my number changed. Not long after a rule was made that English people can't give blood in America, because of the whole mad cow thing. I don't know why it's still in effect, Margaret Thatcher died years ago.
Yes. I used to work for a company that sold these. It really was conceptually a ring (distorted by the shapes of the walls involved) with these access points wherever needed. If I recall correctly it was a maximum of either 128 or 256 stations, all with their own one byte ID. The packet traveled around the ring, getting checked by each point. When it reached its destination ID, the station passed it to its connected device it and didn't pass it along to the next station.
I think it might be, not sure though. Long time since I read it.
I'm betting that's been the cause of countless lost hours over the years.
This is marked likely solved, but I don't see the likely correct answer. What is it?
Is it staying as line, or are you getting it coloured in future visits?
There was actually a fairly decent Cats movie in 1998, although the time frame is wrong.
I'm amazed they're going ahead with it. Can you imagine how different the actors will look between the first day's shooting and the last?
Having been born at home rather than a hospital, my reunion would be rather lonely.
This is probably the third time I've seen this post today, and this is the first time I've actually paid proper attention. I thought it was Einstein, not Epstein.
I usually listen to a small college radio station. It reaches quite a distance past my office, except for some reason in my office car park, where another station drowns it out. Weird.
Strongly seconded. I don't think I've used anything under !,000W in the last few years. A long time ago my PSU on my work computer went loudly pop and took out both disk drives, leading to what could have been catastrophic data loss thanks to some really bad timing. Fortunately I was able to get replacement circuit boards and recover the data.
Radio Shack used to sell a Y splitter with a switch to flip between the outputs. It worked quite well, but I haven't seen a radio shack in some time. [A little googling turned up some alternatives though.](https://www.google.com/search?q=switched+audio+Y+splitter&amp;rlz=1C1GCEU_enUS844US844&amp;oq=switched+audio+Y+splitter&amp;aqs=chrome..69i57.6007j0j8&amp;sourceid=chrome&amp;ie=UTF-8)
I think the setting and the scale of it might have made Carlin back it off a little. He wouldn't go full Carlin when there's likely to be kids watching. He was a comic genius, not an asshole.
Possibly, but it's a fairly built up area. I'm going to have to pay attention tomorrow morning, there's a building of similar size just over the road that I'd have thought would have had the same effect, but I've not noticed it. It contains my ~~coffee pusher~~ local Starbucks so I'm there a lot.
It was my own iron from home so yes, I cleaned it thoroughly.
If all of Europe did that, certain parts would have no room left for people.
Hello cousin!
Thank you.
Yeah, the treatment has slightly changed over time. Anyone familiar with RS232 would know this is a very old story. All I had available was regular tap water (not even a mixer tap) so it wasn't very cold and it worked well enough.
I'm English, and I don't know if it's still the law there but back when I was there any company over a certain size had to have one first aider for every x employees. I was one of these first aiders for years, trained with the Red Cross and had regular refreshers. From one refresher to the next the instructions would change for one thing or another. I'd love to get back into it but don't really have the time any more. I do wonder how many treatments I have filed in my head are wrong by modern standards.
Also looks something like a Christmas cracker.
Me too, in school many moons ago, when dinosaurs roamed the Earth.
I remember when these came to light. This was part of a set of rather well done nudes from before she became famous. Everyone was expecting her to apologise, and condemn the pictures. Her reaction was 'so what?', which I thought was brilliant.
Sounds great. Please post an update after.
I wonder why they love boxes so much?
Old school. Like it.
If you remember, I'd appreciate you sending a link to the follow up please.
How old was the guy? I usually see this kind of behaviour in old hands, but you said this one was green?
Sounds like an electrical problem to me, grounding issues perhaps? Try moving the machine to another outlet, or if you can borrow a decent UPS for a few minutes try that. At the very least, please tell me you're using decent a surge protector?
&gt; legal liability In *China*??? Hahahahahabonk! (The sound of me laughing my head off.)
Fun fact. Back in the 80s a computer company wrote a game based on flying an apache in combat. They found it was too easy if you carried the apache's full munitions load, and had to scale it back.
If it's that slow I'd suspect malware. Is it second hand?
Co-incidentally my aunt bought me the book just before the movie was announced. She's totally clueless about sci fi, so ity was a pleasant surprise to find she'd picked out a good one. They did a pretty good job of turning it into a film, too.
Death Race 2000 - the [original 1975 version with David Carradine.](https://www.imdb.com/title/tt0072856/?ref_=fn_tt_tt_1)
I'm pretty sure it was released in colour. They've had colour movies since the 30s.
Problem with the motherboard.
Heath Robinson/Rube Goldberg would be proud.
What's the difference between a BMW and a porcupine? With the porcupine, the pricks are on the outside.
I'll grant that he was a good Doctor, but I just didn't like the character as played by Colin Baker. I remember an interview just before he started the role where he said he thought people might not like his Doctor, so it must have been a conscious decision.
I have some certificates I'm quite proud of having earned, but they're in a folder in a drawer at home.
That's more of a political position that a religious one, from my observation. It has more to do with which political party you favour than whether you're a Christian or not. In fact, given Jesus' actions according to the bible, it's not a very Christian position. He never charged to heal anyone, that I remember.
You're missing a place called divorce.
If you ever watched the Courtney Cox show 'Dirt', you'd have seen a real "mobile" workstation. It was portable in the sense that you could roll it around like luggage. A guy I knew had one, and it was an insane piece of kit. It could hold its own against any desktop I'd seen, he used it for 2 and 3D graphics design. Hardly any were sold though, and it was soon discontinued.
I took my mother shopping in London around Christmas many years ago. Oxford Street was packed, not unexpectedly. She had serious trouble making her way through the crowd, not being from a large city. I told her to get behind me and stay close. I wove through the crowd so fast she had trouble keeping up. Sadly I've been away so long I doubt I could do that today.
AKA a skip or dumpster depending on where you're from.
&gt; holy ~~cow~~ deer o.O FTFY :)
I have to start making this comment on fake subreddit links.
No comment about the ice balls, but not eating garlic is probably wise in her position. My brother has a pretty high profile job where he's always meeting people and he won't eat garlic, to prevent garlic breath.
&gt; Harry was kept well away from the front line because a royal death wouldn't have looked good. Got a source for that? I ask because I remember his uncle (Andrew I think) flew helicopters during the Falklands thing, as a decoy to draw missiles away from ships.
Thank you.
He's obviously worked at a Taco Bell or something very similar in the past.
It's my favourite place on Earth.
I wasn't sure who I was looking at. I thought the guy on the right might have been Zach Braff.
Deliciously demented. I like it.
I live 5,000 miles away, but used to work there. I value the brief visits I get to make there. If you haven't had shortbread from Fortnum and Masons on Piccadilly, go as soon as you can.
Considering a few years ago he paid $3M cash for a house, I'd say it probably is.
I saw it in the Odeon in Leicester Square during its original run. Great movie. I was just walking past and went in on a whim. What I can't remember is why on Earth I was just walking through Leicester Square on that day, with enough free time to watch a movie.
I'd argue that it wouldn't benefit the Borg who send the messages. Each message would create a new timeline they aren't part of. Only the Borg in the new timeline benefit. I'm not sure the message sending Borg would consider it worth doing.
Please pass along my congratulations. There's a Woody Allen quote that seems appropriate. From memory so may not be 100% right: I don't want to achieve immortality through my work, I want to achieve it by not dying.
I like your wife.
Check your monitor cable. I had a dodgy cable that did this once, there was a dodgy connection somewhere in the plug or the cable near it.
I used to smoke. I found the perfect way to quit; I emigrated and bummed my last cigarette off the taxi driver on the way to the airport. Everything was so different in the new country, and I was so busy with other things I never even thought of cigarettes. Cravings tend to be triggered by doing something you associate with the bad habit. Change your routine, it'll make a world of difference.
I think I've seen that painting in person. Where is that?
It is a good movie. I haven't seen it in ages though so Cronenburg's practical special effects might not stand up these days, I don't know.
Garlic's nice, capsaicin's better... ;)
PM me if you need [im]moral support...
Are you familiar with the old movie Gremlins?
Yes, but I've made a confusing discovery; the shop is the best source. You can get it at Heathrow airport duty free, but it's not as good. It's all supposed to be made at the same factory, but there's definitely a difference.
At university I lodged with a family who had a lovely dog called Biscuit. He used to love getting one of my sleeves in his mouth and playing tug of war with me. One day I was wearing a jumper I liked too much to get pulled on, so I gave him my bare arm. He looked at me like 'are you sure about this?'. I trusted him though, we had our little tug of war, and he didn't hurt me in the slightest.
I'm going to have to dig that episode up now. That is not how I remember it at all. I'm quite prepared to be proven wrong though, my memory is far from infallible.
VMWare have a free for non commercial use virtual machine. I've been running WXP on one for stuff like this for years.
Yep, he's silly.
And the crusts are large so the tin miners could hold them just by the crust, and not get tin on the bits they ate. I have relatives from Cornwall.
I feel for the guy. A *long* time ago when I was a little kid, my mother was getting ready to bathe me and accidentally trapped my fingers in the door on the hinge side. She thought I was just playing up because I didn't want a bath and kept pulling on the door for a couple of seconds. The fact I still remember it many decades later tells you how much that hurt.
Doesn't look the right shape for a hamster. I'm going to say chinchilla too. The hairlessness might be due to a skin condition.
Renee O'Connor. Yes please. I never really saw what other people saw in Lucy.
Oh, I'm saving this one. Two new comic book stores, magic shops, food places.
I've heard it before, but not recently. It's definitely decades old.
He doesn't have to stick to just one. Alex Kingston is just too good to pass up because her character wasn't created by the right previous showrunner.
Someone'll have fanfic about it sooner or later. Edit: Just discovered t-s-s-a.com is still there, but no obvious 13/River stuff there yet.
Try taking a picture, posting it on imgur and linking to it here. It would be weird for a heat spreader to come partially peeled off, so that may not be what it is.
If Alex Kingston were involved in writing the story, I'm certain it would work. She knows the character better than anyone, and she's a very talented lady.
Benny Hill, damn that's going back a bit. Once when I was in school my family hosted a German exchange student. His sense of humour was, shall we say, a little limited. Trying to explain to him why Benny Hill was being chased around a circus ring by a lady in half an SS uniform was pretty much impossible.
Damn, I wish I'd thought of that line myself. I probably will later... ;)
This looks really familiar. Which movie and which set?
Hmm, it's clean, that must be what threw me. :) Thanks. Man, I have to watch that movie again. It's been too long. ...Wait a moment, that just made me realise someone borrowed my copy of Aliens the Director's Cut and hasn't brought it back.
Did any sharks go for it?
I guessed right then. I can see it being a fun thing to rig up for yourself and your partner, but can't see it finding much of a market.
There's another one where the operator lobs a bolt in front of the ride just as it starts.
Very Bart Simpson.
&gt; At a time when humanity is trying to push ahead and shake off the idea of being under the Vulcan thumb Perhaps they didn't send it back because the Vulcans would have confiscated it?
Walnut? What finish, wax?
Damn, I misread that as Keri Russell. Oh well, boobs is boobs.
I wonder if he's scratching an itch.
Nice trick. Thanks for sharing.
Not usually that I know of. Sometimes when there's a stag party at the club the groom to be gets pulled on stage for some special treatment from the girls. I've only seen it happen once (only rarely been to a club), and it didn't go this far.
Very nice. I admit I prefer beeswax (I've got a source for the pure stuff), but for this job poly's probably a good choice.
It's amazing what you can find in craft shops for model makers that can be misused for other things. My beeswax is supposed to be used to make the fibres in a thread stick together at the end, so it can be fed through a tiny hole. It's not cheap and hard work to use, but I like the results and and one pot lasts for ages.
English bills are easy to tell apart too. I know they've been changing them in recent years making them all plastic, but the ones I have from last time I was there are all different sizes even.
There is a setting in control panel, mouse, that allows you to swap the buttons around. It may have somehow got set.
Do you have access to a second mouse to try that? Also it might be worth trying Logitech's drivers.
Nah, got to be Rory.
Her chance of cancer was almost 90%, and there's a history of it in her family. And the reconstruction looks pretty similar to the original breasts.
I never knew that was her mother. I know about her father Richard Beckinsale (Godber from Porridge), but it never occurred to me I might know her mother from TV too.
I think you're right about Trek. They did it very well on Farscape though.
He'd have died outside if he'd blocked Putin in the photograph.
Mbs or Trump? NVM, both.
They've done it before. [Turlough.](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Vislor_Turlough) They never quite let you know if he was on the Doctor's side until the end.
Michael O'Hare left the show because of mental illness, but it was his choice. He made jms promise not to reveal that until after he died, a promise jms kept. I don't recall reading he thought he was Sinclair though. Do you have a source for that?
Kosh had so many wonderful quotes. My favourites are "The avalanche has started, it is too late for the pebbles to vote." and "Understanding is a three edged sword."
There's some debate about the ripoff thing. If there was so much animosity between the two shows, how come Majel Barrett (Gene Roddenberry's wife) guest starred on B5? Also, The X-Files had something to do with the whole story arc thing too. IIRC they got into story arcs when Gillian got pregnant and they had to work around it.
The show's creator, jms, had a whole five year story worked out before they even started filming. He didn't let anyone in on it even. It didn't quite work out the way he wanted, but it did make a big difference to the show.
Yup, channel 4. I don't remember it being that late though.
B5's effects suck, but the overall storytelling kicks BSG's butt. Just my opinion, but it'll be yours soon... :)
FYI, jms wrote every episode of seasons three and four. There was one season of the original Doctor Who written by one person, I think from memory Barry Letts but don't quote me, but nobody'd done it in America before.
Wikipedia has it as paranoid delusions and hallucinations, which isn't incompatible, but I'd have expected some mention of him thinking he was Sinclair. Maybe we'll never know for sure.
I meant 20 years since it was rerun on prime time TV.
Oh yes, it did not go as I expected. And it led to the line "We are all Kosh", IIRC.
I've seen some of it. Imagine if they started from scratch though.
Which quote? I gave two.
Wow, really only a decade later? Damn, I'm getting old.
If you do end up making any more for people, would you please consider doing pics or some video of how you do it? That would be awesome.
Very true. And I have to say both Peter Jurassic (Londo) and Andreas Katsulas (G'Kar) turned in two of the best character performances in Sci Fi.
I'm not a fan of modern Visio, but before Microsoft bought it I rather liked it.
Just for the fun of it I once wrote my name backwards, like in a mirror, on a school test. I didn't know that there's some condition that makes people do that so the teacher an my mother went nuts. I had some 'splaining to do.
I don't *know* this, but if the laptop's asleep I don't think the scheduler can be running. The whole machine's paused. You will likely need some external trigger.
There's no trauma at all. My shoulder sockets just seem to be big enough that the only thing holding my shoulders in is the soft tissue, which stretches.
Most applications will need to be re-installed to your new copy of Windows.
Most applications will need to be re-installed to your new copy of Windows.
I think this look is inspired by Pris, Daryl Hannah's character in Blade Runner.
Damn it, I just finished two really good books in a series dealing with dimensions higher than the regular three, and I can't remember the damn names. They were based on the string theory that suggests there's up to 11 dimensions, but only three are actually expanded. I'll try and remember to check the titles tonight. Feel free to pester me if I don't get back to you.
E.E. 'Doc' Smith vs. Robert L. Forward.
Mount it out of the way on the back of the case, if you have enough clearance behind.
What country are you in? I'd say if you're legally an adult where you are, they can't stop you. If you don't go, you'll never know what could have been. I say go, whether they like it or not, although your plan of trying to convince them before the deadline is a good one. Best if you can preserve that relationship, but even if you can't you can always try to mend things later.
Wait a minute; if it's just a hard drive bring in a new one of the same type and restore their backups. /s
I was given a slightly unusual first name and a fairly ordinary middle name just in case I preferred to go by that when I got older. I hope Unicorn has that option. I have a nephew who was given the name Gyp as a kid which is more commonly a dog's name where he lived back then. From the moment he was old enough to be aware of that, he's gone by Michael.
Which fortunately means that by the time of this episode she was old enough to lust after without feeling guilty.
I thought crazy glue and super glue were two different things?
Nah, I'm named after a movie from over a decade before Star Trek thought up tribbles.
Just did a bit of Googling, and apparently they are chemically very similar, but not quite the same. I guess the same trick might work with Krazy Glue.
pluto.tv used to have a Doctor Who channel. Unfortunately it looks like it's moved to their VOD app.
Many years ago I used to smoke. I had a small machine that allowed me to roll my own into pre-made tubes with filters. They looked exactly like shop bought cigarettes if you did it right. A friend saw this and asked to borrow it. He used it to smuggle spliffs into a concert.
Im scared of heights. I don't even like being this tall.
It's been a while since I read it to be honest. The opening page is all about how ridiculous it is to believe science over God, and if the two contradict, you have to ignore science's untruths. For example; Fossils can't be millions of years old because the Earth is only 6,000 years old, so it comes up with ridiculous theories to explain them. There's apparently a lake where there's a bunch of trees half submerged and minerals have started to leech into them, so maybe that's how fossils are formed?
What car is that really?
Looking healthy! Good for you.
I have no clue why Amazon's not giving me English options today, but I recommend an external adapter with power supply, especially if you're hooking up to a laptop. https://www.amazon.com/s?k=sata+to+usb+adapter+with+power+supply&amp;__mk_es_US=%C3%85M%C3%85%C5%BD%C3%95%C3%91&amp;ref=nb_sb_noss_2
You, or image found online?
Your only option is to find an alternate source of internet connection.
I have an album of Black Sabbath with Randy on guitar calle Randy Rhodes Tribute. Ozzy asked permission of Randy's mother to release it. In the liner notes Ozzy said something along the lines of With most guitarists, their guitar is an extension of themselves. With Randy, he's an extension of his guitar. I don't have the physical CD any more or I'd dig it up and get the exact quote.
I once had the pleasure of working with the exact opposite customer. His name was Phil. Phil actually knew what he was doing and would do sensible troubleshooting of his own and when he needed to call me, he had a bunch of usually relevant information already gathered for me. I miss that guy.
Ah, so it was before Doctor Who and her movies. I wondered how they talked her into that bikini.
I so want to watch that sketch now. I'm a Brit living in America, and if they did it properly that would be hilarious.
Pic isn't opening for me. It kind of depends on the material. If it's stainless steel it'll be tough to file down, but you won't have problems with corrosion.
Nope, not even close. I dodged dinosaurs on the way to school. I just assumed it was a lookalike with camouflage.
I'd say she's big enough now that she can pick and choose. Guardians and Jumanji have been massive, you know she's got bank now.
On behalf of techies everywhere, thank you.
OK, but bear in mind when filed there'll be little scratches that could harbour germs. Get down to a hardware store and get the finest emery cloth/sandpaper they have and a couple of progressively courser grades. File, then go through the coarser to the finer grade, and finish with the back of the paper. Maybe a little wipe over with acetone at the end. The better the finish, the safer.
&gt; redshirt fatalities I little off topic, but I hope the mods won't mind. Have you read Redshirts by Scalzi? It's a great study of the phenomenon from the point of view of a redshirt who notices the problem. It would make a great in-depth (and funny) post here.
Anyone know if they knew they were cousins during casting? I've not been able to find out.
Subscribe to /r/Scams and you'll hear this one on a regular basis. The 'owner' is very likely just someone who found pictures of the property and is pretending to sell it. Have you been able to take a tour of the property, or has there been a reason you can't?
I remember a stand up comedian's joke about this. Don't recall his name or I'd credit him. He said his wife bought cheap toilet paper that actually had flecks of identifiable wood in it. He was annoyed; it's already got brown on it, how'm I going to know when I'm done?
I had one of those in a drawer in my living room when I was younger. Occasionally I'd prank someone by 'shooting' them with it. Fortunately I've grown out of it now.
